Dogs often bury bones.
Dogs often get very excited when their owners get home.
Dogs pee when they want.
Dogs run faster than people.
Dogs see everything in black and white.
Dogs see in black and white.
Dogs see in the dark.
Dogs seem to be getting smarter every year. I remember a farm dog long ago that tried to bite the tires of every pickup truck that drove past on the frontage road. Nowadays dogs never look up from their iPads. Yes, there's an occasional licking of their balls, but then it's back to the iPad.
Dogs sniff out danger.
Dogs swim.
Dogs that are dead can't bite.
Dogs that bark a lot usually aren't dangerous.
Dogs that bark don't bite.
Dogs that bark don’t bite.
Dogs think they are people and cats believe they are gods.
Dogs usually sleep on the floor.
Dogs wag their tails and cats swish theirs.
Dogs wag their tails when they're happy.
Dogs were domesticated before cats.
Dogs were first domesticated somewhere in Europe or Asia.
Dogs who are dead can't bite.
Dogs will eat almost anything.
Dogs will eat just about anything.
Dogs will not keep people safe during a bear encounter.
Dogs' faithfulness impresses us.
Dogs' sense of smell is much more developed than that of humans.
Dogs’ faithfulness impresses us.
Doha is the capital of Qatar.
Doing a good job takes time.
Doing anything no matter how small is infinitely better than doing nothing.
Doing bad isn't the same as doing harm.
Doing business in Bangladesh has become a little easier than before.
Doing business is really difficult.
Doing business with the Algerian state is profitable.
Doing everything as soon as possible is impossible!
Doing everything better doesn't make you better than me!
Doing exercises to strengthen one's peripheral vision is recommended for those interested in learning how to speed read.
Doing good work is always difficult.
Doing homework is extremely boring.
Doing is the best way to learn.
Doing it disgusts me.
Doing it myself is better for me than asking Tom for help.
Doing it that way has its disadvantages as well as advantages.
Doing it that way is discouraged.
Doing it that way is not a good idea.
Doing it that way will complicate matters.
Doing it that way will cost a lot more money.
Doing it that way will cost a lot of money.
Doing it that way will take a long time.
Doing it that way will take too long.
Doing it that way will take too much time.
Doing it that way won't be safe.
Doing it that way would be dangerous.
Doing it that way would be overkill.
Doing it that way would be too dangerous.
Doing it that way would be too expensive.
Doing it that way would cost more money than we have.
Doing it that way would cost too much.
Doing it that way would take forever.
Doing it that way wouldn't be easy.
Doing it that way wouldn't be safe.
Doing it this should help to reduce the pain.
Doing it this way could save you a few bucks, too.
Doing it this way is more efficient.
Doing it this way might be cheaper in the long run.
Doing it this way was probably the most fun, too.
Doing it this way will save a lot of money in the long run.
Doing math is the only socially acceptable way to masturbate in public.
Doing my best paid off in the end.
Doing new things is more tedious than expected.
Doing new things takes more effort than expected.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves. We must purposely be kind and generous, or we miss the best part of existence. The heart which goes out of itself gets large and full. This is the great secret of the inner life. We do ourselves the most good doing something for others.
Doing nothing is better than making a mistake.
Doing nothing is fun.
Doing nothing is not an option.
Doing nothing is pleasant.
Doing nothing is simply not an option.
Doing nothing is the easiest thing to do.
Doing nothing is the most difficult thing in the world, the most difficult and the most intellectual.
Doing nothing is the worst possible way of getting it wrong.
Doing nothing is very exhausting.
Doing nothing isn't an option.
Doing nothing takes the most effort.
Doing paperwork is often monotonous.
Doing science is fun.
Doing some quick back-of-the-envelope calculations, he reckoned that the raw materials actually cost less than one-thirtieth of the selling price.
Doing some work won't kill you.
Doing something like that would be counterproductive.
Doing something meaningful can give you a sense of purpose in life.
Doing something only half-heartedly is the worst thing you can do.
Doing something with a friend is more fun than doing it by yourself.
Doing something with somebody else is more fun than doing it alone.
Doing something with somebody else is more fun than doing it by yourself.
Doing something with someone else is more fun than doing it alone.
Doing something with someone else is more fun than doing it by yourself.
Doing stupid things was what Lorenzo did to pass the time.
Doing such dirty work would be humiliating for Tom.
Doing that activity is a complete waste of time!
Doing that alone can be dangerous.
Doing that alone would be boring.
Doing that alone wouldn't be much fun.
Doing that became a habit.
Doing that bores me.
Doing that can be extremely dangerous.
Doing that changed my life.
Doing that cost me a lot of money.
Doing that could be dangerous.
Doing that could take up to thirty minutes.
Doing that definitely couldn't hurt.
Doing that definitely wouldn't hurt.
Doing that did me a lot of good.
Doing that didn't make Tom happy.
Doing that didn't make me happy.
Doing that didn't make you happy, did it?
Doing that didn't take as long as I expected.
Doing that didn't take as long as I thought it would.
Doing that didn't take as much time as I expected.
Doing that didn't take as much time as I thought it would.
Doing that doesn't look dangerous.
Doing that doesn't look too difficult.
Doing that doesn't look too hard.
Doing that doesn't look very much fun.
Doing that doesn't make Tom happy.
Doing that doesn't make me happy.
Doing that ended up being more complicated than I originally thought it would be.
Doing that every morning must be boring for you.
Doing that got Tom three years in prison.
Doing that here is dangerous.
Doing that here is illegal.
Doing that here will be very expensive.
Doing that in Boston would be a real challenge.
Doing that is a lot easier than it looks.
Doing that is a waste of energy.
Doing that is a waste of time.
Doing that is a waste of your time.
Doing that is always difficult.
Doing that is bad for your health.
Doing that is becoming a burden to Tom.
Doing that is considered a sin.
Doing that is dangerous.
Doing that is difficult.
Doing that is discouraged.
Doing that is easy.
Doing that is going to be easy.
Doing that is going to take a long time.
Doing that is good for you.
Doing that is hard at my age.
Doing that is hard.
Doing that is harder than it looks.
Doing that is healthy exercise.
Doing that is illegal.
Doing that is important.
Doing that is likely to be boring.
Doing that is likely to be tiring.
Doing that is likely to be very boring.
Doing that is likely to be very difficult.
Doing that is likely to be very hard.
Doing that is likely to be very tough.
Doing that is more dangerous than it looks.
Doing that is more fun than it sounds.
Doing that is my job.
Doing that is our job.
Doing that is out of the question.
Doing that is prohibited.
Doing that is relatively easy.
Doing that is simply out of the question.
Doing that is too risky.
Doing that is tough at my age.
Doing that is very important.
Doing that is your responsibility.
Doing that isn't a bad idea.
Doing that isn't a good idea.
Doing that isn't allowed here.
Doing that isn't an option.
Doing that isn't as easy as it looks.
Doing that isn't difficult.
Doing that isn't easy.
Doing that isn't enough.
Doing that isn't going to help.
Doing that isn't good for your health.
Doing that isn't hard.
Doing that isn't illegal.
Doing that isn't necessary anymore.
Doing that isn't out of the question.
Doing that likely won't be all that interesting.
Doing that likely won't be dangerous.
Doing that likely won't be fun.
Doing that likely won't be interesting.
Doing that likely won't be much fun.
Doing that likely won't be safe.
Doing that likely won't be so easy.
Doing that likely won't be so interesting.
Doing that likely won't be very easy.
Doing that likely won't be very interesting.
Doing that looks easy.
Doing that made Tom sick.
Doing that made me feel a bit uneasy.
Doing that made me feel young again.
Doing that made me hungry.
Doing that made me sick.
Doing that makes sense.
Doing that may be dangerous.
Doing that may not be as difficult as we thought it was going to be.
Doing that may not be easy.
Doing that may not be safe.
Doing that may take longer than you expect.
Doing that might be dangerous.
Doing that might be difficult.
Doing that might be too difficult for you.
Doing that might mean you'll lose customers.
Doing that might not be difficult.
Doing that might not be easy.
Doing that might not be hard.
Doing that might not be necessary.
Doing that might not be safe.
Doing that might not be so difficult.
Doing that might not be so hard.
Doing that might not be too difficult.
Doing that might not be too easy.
Doing that might not be too hard.
Doing that might not be very difficult.
Doing that might not be very hard.
Doing that must be boring for you.
Doing that must be difficult.
Doing that must be hard.
Doing that nearly cost Tom his life.
Doing that now wouldn't be a good idea.
Doing that probably won't be dangerous.
Doing that probably won't be difficult.
Doing that probably won't be fun.
Doing that probably won't be hard.
Doing that probably won't be interesting.
Doing that probably won't be safe.
Doing that requires a lot of patience.
Doing that seems like a stupid idea to me.
Doing that seems stupid to me.
Doing that should be fun.
Doing that should be possible.
Doing that should be very simple.
Doing that shouldn't be a problem.
Doing that shouldn't be difficult.
Doing that shouldn't be hard.
Doing that shouldn't take too much of your time.
Doing that shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes.
Doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid.
Doing that takes courage, and I respect you for that.
Doing that takes guts.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be better.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be cheaper.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be easier.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be efficient.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be faster.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be more fun.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would cost us more.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would take longer.
Doing that the way Tom suggested wouldn't cost as much.
Doing that the way Tom suggested wouldn't take as long.
Doing that the way you're suggesting would be dangerous.
Doing that the way you're suggesting would be too expensive.
Doing that today isn't really necessary.
Doing that today would be unwise.
Doing that today wouldn't be a good idea.
Doing that took longer than I expected.
Doing that took longer than I thought it would.
Doing that took me thirty minutes.
Doing that took more time than we expected.
Doing that took three hours.
Doing that was a bad idea.
Doing that was a breeze.
Doing that was a good experience for me.
Doing that was a good idea.
Doing that was a lot harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was a lot harder than I thought it would be.
Doing that was a lot more difficult than I expected it to be.
Doing that was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
Doing that was a lot of fun.
Doing that was a mistake.
Doing that was a very impulsive thing to do.
Doing that was an act of courage.
Doing that was as easy as pie.
Doing that was difficult for Tom.
Doing that was difficult.
Doing that was easier than I expected.
Doing that was easier than I thought it would be.
Doing that was easier than I thought it'd be.
Doing that was easy for Tom, but not for us.
Doing that was easy for Tom.
Doing that was easy.
Doing that was exhausting.
Doing that was extremely easy.
Doing that was fairly difficult.
Doing that was fairly easy.
Doing that was hard for Tom.
Doing that was hard.
Doing that was harder than I ever imagined.
Doing that was harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was harder than I expected.
Doing that was harder than I thought it would be.
Doing that was harder than I thought it'd be.
Doing that was harder than it looked.
Doing that was more complicated than I expected.
Doing that was more complicated than I originally thought it would be.
Doing that was more complicated than I thought it would be.
Doing that was more difficult than I expected it to be.
Doing that was more difficult than I expected.
Doing that was more difficult than I imagined it would be.
Doing that was more difficult than I imagined.
Doing that was more difficult than I thought it would be.
Doing that was more difficult than I thought it'd be.
Doing that was more difficult than I'd thought it'd be.
Doing that was more fun than I thought it would be.
Doing that was more interesting than I thought it would be.
Doing that was much harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was much harder than I thought it would be.
Doing that was much more difficult than I expected it to be.
Doing that was much more difficult than I thought it would be.
Doing that was no walk in the park.
Doing that was out of the question.
Doing that was pretty difficult.
Doing that was pretty easy.
Doing that was prohibited.
Doing that was quite an experience for me.
Doing that was quite difficult.
Doing that was quite easy.
Doing that was quite hard.
Doing that was quite simple.
Doing that was really difficult.
Doing that was really easy.
Doing that was really hard.
Doing that was ridiculously easy.
Doing that was stupid.
Doing that was the right thing to do.
Doing that was the sensible thing to do.
Doing that was the wrong thing to do.
Doing that was tiring.
Doing that was unbelievably hard.
Doing that was unnecessary.
Doing that was very difficult.
Doing that was very easy.
Doing that was very exhausting.
Doing that was very hard.
Doing that was very innovative.
Doing that was very smart.
Doing that wasn't a good idea.
Doing that wasn't an option.
Doing that wasn't as difficult as I expected.
Doing that wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as difficult as I thought it'd be.
Doing that wasn't as easy as I expected.
Doing that wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as easy as I thought it'd be.
Doing that wasn't as easy as we'd hoped.
Doing that wasn't as fun as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as hard as I expected.
Doing that wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as hard as I thought it'd be.
Doing that wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't complicated.
Doing that wasn't difficult.
Doing that wasn't easy.
Doing that wasn't hard.
Doing that wasn't much fun.
Doing that wasn't so easy.
Doing that wasn't very easy.
Doing that we'll spare time.
Doing that well requires patience.
Doing that will be a lot easier than you think.
Doing that will be a lot harder than you think it'll be.
Doing that will be a lot harder than you think.
Doing that will be a lot more difficult than you think it'll be.
Doing that will be a lot more difficult than you think.
Doing that will be a lot of fun.
Doing that will be a mistake.
Doing that will be a piece of cake.
Doing that will be a waste of time.
Doing that will be as easy as pie.
Doing that will be difficult.
Doing that will be easier than you think.
Doing that will be easy.
Doing that will be extremely dangerous.
Doing that will be hard.
Doing that will be harder than you think.
Doing that will be impossible.
Doing that will be more difficult than you think.
Doing that will be more fun than you think.
Doing that will be no problem.
Doing that will be very dangerous.
Doing that will be very difficult.
Doing that will be very easy.
Doing that will be very hard.
Doing that will be very tiring.
Doing that will cost a lot of money.
Doing that will cost us a lot of money.
Doing that will have consequences.
Doing that will hurt our chances.
Doing that will likely be difficult.
Doing that will likely be hard.
Doing that will likely be very difficult.
Doing that will likely be very easy.
Doing that will likely be very hard.
Doing that will likely not be as complicated as you think it'll be.
Doing that will likely not be as difficult as you think it'll be.
Doing that will likely not be as easy as you think it'll be.
Doing that will likely not be as fun as you think it'll be.
Doing that will likely not be as hard as you think it'll be.
Doing that will likely take more than thirty minutes.
Doing that will make everybody happy.
Doing that will make everyone happy.
Doing that will no longer be necessary.
Doing that will only make things worse.
Doing that will probably be difficult.
Doing that will probably be easy.
Doing that will probably be hard.
Doing that will require a lot of money.
Doing that will require a lot of patience.
Doing that will set you back thirty dollars.
Doing that will take a long time.
Doing that will take about three hours.
Doing that will take at least three hours.
Doing that will take more time than I have right now.
Doing that will take more time than I have today.
Doing that will take some time.
Doing that will take time.
Doing that will take too long.
Doing that will take too much time.
Doing that will take us too long.
Doing that with Tom should be fun.
Doing that with Tom was a mistake.
Doing that won't accomplish anything.
Doing that won't be an option.
Doing that won't be as difficult as it looks.
Doing that won't be as difficult as you think.
Doing that won't be as difficult you think.
Doing that won't be as easy as it looks.
Doing that won't be as easy as you think.
Doing that won't be as easy you think.
Doing that won't be as fun as you think.
Doing that won't be as hard as it looks.
Doing that won't be as hard as you think.
Doing that won't be as hard you think.
Doing that won't be difficult for us.
Doing that won't be difficult.
Doing that won't be easy for us.
Doing that won't be easy.
Doing that won't be enough.
Doing that won't be fun, but we've got to do it.
Doing that won't be hard for us.
Doing that won't be hard.
Doing that won't be much fun.
Doing that won't be necessary.
Doing that won't be possible.
Doing that won't be too difficult, but it's something that'll require a lot of time.
Doing that won't be too difficult, but it's something that'll require patience.
Doing that won't be too hard, but it's something that'll require a lot of time.
Doing that won't be too hard, but it's something that'll require patience.
Doing that won't be very difficult.
Doing that won't be very easy.
Doing that won't be very hard.
Doing that won't be very much fun.
Doing that won't bother me.
Doing that won't change anything.
Doing that won't help Tom.
Doing that won't help all that much.
Doing that won't help them.
Doing that won't likely be difficult.
Doing that won't likely be hard.
Doing that won't likely be very difficult.
Doing that won't likely be very easy.
Doing that won't likely be very hard.
Doing that won't solve anything.
Doing that won't solve these problems.
Doing that won't take as long as you think it will.
Doing that won't take as long as you think.
Doing that won't take as much time as you think it will.
Doing that won't take as much time as you think.
Doing that won't take long.
Doing that won't take me very long.
Doing that won't take much time.
Doing that won't take too much of your time.
Doing that won't take us very long.
Doing that won't take you very long.
Doing that would be a bad idea.
Doing that would be a big mistake.
Doing that would be a good idea.
Doing that would be a good thing to do.
Doing that would be a huge mistake.
Doing that would be a huge waste of time.
Doing that would be a lot of fun.
Doing that would be a mistake.
Doing that would be a stupid idea.
Doing that would be a total waste of time.
Doing that would be a very bad idea.
Doing that would be a waste of time.
Doing that would be bad idea.
Doing that would be counterproductive.
Doing that would be dangerous.
Doing that would be difficult now.
Doing that would be difficult.
Doing that would be easy.
Doing that would be enough.
Doing that would be extremely dangerous.
Doing that would be foolish.
Doing that would be fun.
Doing that would be hard now.
Doing that would be hard.
Doing that would be hilarious.
Doing that would be interesting.
Doing that would be obnoxious.
Doing that would be pointless.
Doing that would be preferable to the alternatives on offer.
Doing that would be pretty cool.
Doing that would be pretty stupid.
Doing that would be really stupid.
Doing that would be ridiculous.
Doing that would be romantic.
Doing that would be rude.
Doing that would be scary.
Doing that would be silly.
Doing that would be simple.
Doing that would be stupid.
Doing that would be the rational thing to do.
Doing that would be the sensible thing to do.
Doing that would be the wrong thing to do.
Doing that would be too difficult for Tom.
Doing that would be too hard for Tom.
Doing that would be too risky.
Doing that would be unethical.
Doing that would be utter madness.
Doing that would be very reckless.
Doing that would be very romantic.
Doing that would be very scary.
Doing that would be wrong.
Doing that would certainly help.
Doing that would have been easy.
Doing that would have been ridiculous.
Doing that would make Tom angry.
Doing that would make Tom happy.
Doing that would make Tom jealous.
Doing that would make me happy.
Doing that would make sense.
Doing that would make you look like a coward.
Doing that would probably be OK.
Doing that would probably be dangerous.
Doing that would probably be fun.
Doing that would probably be safe.
Doing that would probably make Tom happy.
Doing that would really be a lot of fun, I think.
Doing that would really help out a lot.
Doing that would really make Tom happy.
Doing that would really make me happy.
Doing that would require more time and money than we have.
Doing that would set a bad precedent.
Doing that would take hours.
Doing that would've been a big mistake.
Doing that would've been easy.
Doing that would've been ridiculous.
Doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
Doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Doing that wouldn't be appropriate.
Doing that wouldn't be difficult.
Doing that wouldn't be easy.
Doing that wouldn't be ethical.
Doing that wouldn't be good.
Doing that wouldn't be hard.
Doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Doing that wouldn't be right, would it?
Doing that wouldn't be safe.
Doing that wouldn't be smart.
Doing that wouldn't be the right thing to do.
Doing that wouldn't be the smart thing to do.
Doing that wouldn't be very much fun.
Doing that wouldn't be worth my time.
Doing that wouldn't have changed a thing.
Doing that wouldn't have changed anything.
Doing that wouldn't have made any difference.
Doing that wouldn't help.
Doing that wouldn't make Tom happy.
Doing that wouldn't make me happy.
Doing that wouldn't make things any better.
Doing that wouldn't make us happy.
Doing that wouldn't make you happy, would it?
Doing that wouldn't save money.
Doing that'll be difficult, but I'll try.
Doing that'll be fun.
Doing that'll be very dangerous.
Doing that'll be very easy.
Doing that'll likely take us three hours.
Doing that's a bad idea.
Doing that's a good idea.
Doing that's a very bad idea.
Doing that's a very good idea.
Doing that's always an option.
Doing that's going to be fun.
Doing that's illegal here.
Doing that's illegal in many countries.
Doing that's illegal.
Doing that's likely to be dangerous.
Doing that's my job.
Doing that's not a bad idea.
Doing that's not a good idea.
Doing that's really very easy.
Doing that's very important.
Doing that, we'll gain time.
Doing the laundry is my job.
Doing the laundry, fine, but I hate folding it.
Doing the right thing is always the right thing.
Doing the same thing over and over gets tiring.
Doing the work wasn't the hard part. It was inputting it into the stupid software our professor made us use to submit our work.
Doing things alone is sometimes boring.
Doing things in this way has no benefit.
Doing things, however minor those things are, helps contribute to peace of mind.
Doing this correctly is critical.
Doing this course, I learned many things about the Romanian language.
Doing this has always been one of my dreams.
Doing this has become much more important over the past few years.
Doing this has been a long-time dream of mine.
Doing this is a lot of fun.
Doing this is a waste of time.
Doing this is addictive.
Doing this is dangerous.
Doing this is extremely tough.
Doing this is harder than it looks.
Doing this is mandatory.
Doing this is no fun.
Doing this is not good.
Doing this is the only way we can survive.
Doing this is the only way we'll be able to survive.
Doing this is to betray the trust of your friends.
Doing this is very difficult for me.
Doing this is very difficult.
Doing this is wrong.
Doing this isn't easy for me.
Doing this isn't easy.
Doing this isn't fun anymore.
Doing this job doesn't require much experience.
Doing this makes me feel good inside.
Doing this makes me feel young again.
Doing this makes me happy.
Doing this takes my mind off of things.
Doing this takes my mind off things.
Doing this the way Tom suggested would save the most money.
Doing this the way Tom suggested would save the most time.
Doing this used to be a lot more difficult.
Doing this was one of my boyhood dreams.
Doing this will set a precedent.
Doing what Tom suggested will save time and money.
Doing what Tom suggested will save time in the end.
Doing what is right fills the upright with joy, but evil-doers with terror.
Doing wrong is worse than being wronged.
Doing yoga is an activity. Practicing yoga is a discipline.
Doing yoga makes the body flexible and healthy.
Doing your best is better than doing nothing at all.
Doing your homework is an important responsibility, so let's get started.
Doing your homework while watching TV, that's obviously wrong.
Doing your homework while watching TV, that’s obviously wrong.
Dole out your wisdom a little at a time.
Dolkun has been working very hard lately, and yet isn't able to see even the slightest result.
Dolkun is a handsome lad. Every girl who's seen him falls in love with him.
Dollies have four wheels. The two-wheeled jobs are called hand trucks.
Dolls have no souls either.
Dolly was a ewe.
Dolores has four sisters.
Dolphin deaths recorded in the Gulf have more than tripled in last decade.
Dolphin watching and ecotourism is an important business for communities on the river.
Dolphins and whales are mammals.
Dolphins and whales are not fish, but rather marine mammals.
Dolphins and whales are not fish.
Dolphins are curious.
Dolphins are good swimmers.
Dolphins are intelligent animals.
Dolphins are mammals.
Dolphins are playful animals.
Dolphins are really smart.
Dolphins are social animals.
Dolphins are very intelligent animals.
Dolphins are very intelligent.
Dolphins are very promiscuous.
Dolphins are weird.
Dolphins are well known to prevent humans from drowning and to protect humans from shark attacks.
Dolphins are whales.
Dolphins aren't fish.
Dolphins demonstrate marvelous agility.
Dolphins don't have gills.
Dolphins have at least the intelligence of humans, but no arms and hands; for this reason they have never conquered the world, and for this reason they are not destroying the world.
Dolphins leaped from the sea around the vessels, and broke many planks with their tails.
Dolphins rely on echolocation.
Dolphins use echolocation.
Dolphins, and especially these estuarine dolphins, have a low birth rate, a slow growth rate and a slow reproductive rate.
Dolphins, not elephants, may have the best memories of any non-human species.
Dom Flemons is a multi-instrumentalist, he plays banjo, guitar, harmonica, fife, bones, bass drum, snare drum and quills, in addition to singing.
Dom's father is cutting the chicken in the kitchen.
Dome structures like the Pantheon in Rome have survived for centuries, while other buildings around them have crumbled.
Domestic cats aren't too far removed from their wild ancestors.
Domestic cats don't need to hunt to survive yet they still do it.
Domestic corn's wild precursor was teosinte.
Domestic foes argue the so-called unity government lacks legitimacy and has been foisted on the country by foreign powers.
Domestic mail was delivered four times a day.
Domestic students are undoubtedly losing out by not getting to know international students.
Domestic violence is a serious problem.
Domesticated cows and pigs outweigh all wild mammals by 14 to 1, the study found.
Domesticated foxes behave a lot like dogs.
Dominance and submission dynamics can lead to personal growth and self-discovery.
Dominance hierarchy is a key part of animal behavior.
Dominant Berber kingdoms were more and more present during the Byzantine rule of North Africa.
Dominant or submissive - which part do you want to play?
Dominic Grieve has tabled a motion for a second referendum.
Dominic fried sweet potatoes for the early breakfast.
Dominic is going to fry up some sweet potatoes for brunch.
Dominion recriminations against the recalcitrant treaty population did not end with the Battleford executions in the fall of 1885.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn is incarcerated in prison on Rikers Island.
Dominos is my favorite game.
Domjan said part of the goal is to show renewable energy can be used to pursue all kinds of activities — such as skydiving — without producing planet-warming greenhouse gases.
Don Bluth is a legendary American animator who competed with Disney, his former employer, during the 1980s and 90s.
Don José Heights is a red field with grasses.
Don Quixote passed three days and three nights with Roque, and had he passed three hundred years he would have found enough to observe and wonder at in his mode of life. At daybreak they were in one spot, at dinner-time in another; sometimes they fled without knowing from whom, at other times they lay in wait, not knowing for what.
Don Quixote tilts at windmills.
Don Webster, an extension specialist at the University of Maryland, agrees. Since the late 1970s, he has worked to support aquaculture production in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States — specifically, in the Chesapeake Bay, the nation's largest estuary. His specialty is oysters.
Don and I discussed religion on many occasions. We both generally agreed that neither of us really liked what we called "shrink-wrapped" religions. Those religions were packaged deals created by other humans. Those religions came right "off the shelf" in the Religion Store. We both thought that religion should be a very dynamic and individualistic pursuit. Hong Kong-born Don had some past ephemeral experience with a Christian sect, probably Fundamentalist, which irked him. He knew that I was exploring Buddhism, but he found it too difficult to gulp down when I tried to explain it to him. I showed him to my temple where my fellow meditators sat on a hardwood floor and meditated in the dark spacious hall with only candlelight. He was a bit scared. At the restaurant, he wanted me to explain the different branches or types of Christianity. And so I did. But Don still preferred, I thought, Star Trekky freedom over religion.
Don't "fellow" me.
Don't "thou" me.
Don't I deserve to be happy, too?
Don't I even get a goodnight kiss?
Don't I even get a phone call?
Don't I even get an explanation?
Don't I get a goodbye kiss?
Don't I get a hug?
Don't I hate those who hate You, O Lord?
Don't I have any rights?
Don't I have some say in this?
Don't I know you from someplace?
Don't I know you from somewhere?
Don't I know you?
Don't I look great?
Don't I look the same?
Don't I need my patient ID?
Don't I need to do that?
Don't I owe you something?
Don't I wish that were true?
Don't Tom and Mary do that?
Don't Tom and Mary enjoy watching baseball?
Don't Tom and Mary ever do that?
Don't Tom and Mary ever win?
Don't Tom and Mary get along?
Don't Tom and Mary go to Boston every month?
Don't Tom and Mary have any friends?
Don't Tom and Mary know it's Halloween?
Don't Tom and Mary live here?
Don't Tom and Mary live in Boston?
Don't Tom and Mary often play chess together?
Don't Tom and Mary sometimes do that?
Don't Tom and Mary sometimes eat lunch with you?
Don't Tom and Mary speak French?
Don't Tom and Mary study French?
Don't Tom and Mary swim?
Don't Tom and Mary teach French?
Don't Tom and Mary understand what's going on?
Don't Tom and Mary understand what's happening?
Don't Tom and Mary usually eat lunch together?
Don't Tom and Mary usually study together?
Don't Tom and Mary want anything to eat?
Don't Tom and Mary want to do that?
Don't Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Don't Tom and Mary work together?
Don't abandon hope.
Don't abandon me!
Don't abandon me.
Don't abandon them.
Don't abuse alcohol.
Don't abuse alcoholic beverages.
Don't abuse me, please.
Don't abuse my patience.
Don't abuse my trust.
Don't accept drinks from strangers.
Don't accept rides from strangers.
Don't accept the world as it is.
Don't accept the world the way it is.
Don't accost strangers on the street.
Don't accuse anyone.
Don't accuse him of that.
Don't accuse me of debauchery for ordering a hamburger.
Don't accuse me of that.
Don't accuse others for your own failure.
Don't accuse the leader.
Don't act as if you were born in the year of Camel.
Don't act dumb!
Don't act innocent with me.
Don't act like a baby!
Don't act like a bitch!
Don't act like a bull in a china shop.
Don't act like a child.
Don't act like a jerk.
Don't act like a know-it-all.
Don't act like a nutter!
Don't act like a nutter.
Don't act like a prat with me.
Don't act like my friend while stabbing me in the back.
Don't act like such a baby.
Don't act like that.
Don't act like you didn't hear the question.
Don't act like you don't care.
Don't act like you don't know how to dance.
Don't act like you don't know what I mean.
Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't act like you don't know what has happened.
Don't act like you don't know what's going on.
Don't act like you don't know what's happening.
Don't act like you don't know what's wrong.
Don't act like you don't know.
Don't act like you know everything.
Don't act like you know me.
Don't act like you're doing me a favour.
Don't act like you're inferior to other people.
Don't act like you're on my side.
Don't act like you're so innocent.
Don't act more stupid than you look.
Don't act prematurely.
Don't act rashly.
Don't act so innocent with me. I know what you're up to.
Don't act so innocent.
Don't act so shocked.
Don't act so surprised!
Don't act so surprised.
Don't act surprised.
Don't act up.
Don't act without thinking.
Don't act your age; act yourself.
Don't add annotations.
Don't add any chemicals to the water without consulting me first.
Don't add fuel to the fire.
Don't add me on Facebook. I've already told you that I don't want anything more to do with you.
Don't add phrases that you will not use in everyday life.
Don't add salt or lemon.
Don't add sentences from copyrighted sources.
Don't add too much salt.
Don't address them.
Don't admit anything.
Don't agitate the dog anymore.
Don't aid the oppressor.
Don't aim at me.
Don't aim to be a hairdresser. It's too exhausting.
Don't air your dirty laundry in public.
Don't all cars come with seatbelts?
Don't all speak at once.
Don't all speak at the same time.
Don't all young men love huge breasts?
Don't allow Mary to do that by herself.
Don't allow Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
Don't allow Tom out.
Don't allow Tom to do that by himself.
Don't allow Tom to do that.
Don't allow anger to grow and fester in your heart.
Don't allow children to play in the rain.
Don't allow it to escalate.
Don't allow other pets to bother or chase the hamster.
Don't allow this minor detail to trouble you.
Don't allow this to happen.
Don't allow your muscles to degenerate.
Don't allow yourself to become fat.
Don't allow yourselves to become fat.
Don't always be in a rush.
Don't always be in such a rush.
Don't always be like this!
Don't always fixate on your selfish plans.
Don't always just look at the negative side of things.
Don't always leave all the doors open!
Don't always take Tom's side!
Don't always take sides with Tom.
Don't always take sides with him.
Don't always trust what people say.
Don't always try to appease women! They know they aren't generally good with technicalities.
Don't always work.
Don't angst out about something being hard.
Don't announce my name loudly.
Don't annoy me with those jokes.
Don't annoy me.
Don't annoy them.
Don't annoy your neighbors.
Don't answer any questions.
Don't answer me back like that, Anne.
Don't answer me back like that, Tom.
Don't answer me back.
Don't answer that phone.
Don't answer that question.
Don't answer that.
Don't answer the door to anyone when I'm not here.
Don't answer the door, whoever it is.
Don't answer the phone.
Don't answer too quickly.
Don't answer your mother back.
Don't answer!
Don't answer.
Don't antagonize Tom.
Don't antagonize her.
Don't antagonize him.
Don't antagonize me.
Don't antagonize them.
Don't antagonize us.
Don't anticipate the downbeat.
Don't anticipate your income.
Don't any of you know anything?
Don't anybody leave this room.
Don't apologise for doing what you love to do. Saying no is a jolly for you.
Don't apologise.
Don't apologize for asking questions. That's what I'm here for.
Don't apologize for being curious.
Don't apologize for curiosity.
Don't apologize for that.
Don't apologize.
Don't apply pressure on the cracked windshield.
Don't apply resin to a windshield crack in the sun.
Don't apply that nickname to me.
Don't approach a mountain lion if you come across one while hiking.
Don't approach that room.
Don't approach the dog.
Don't approach the enemy.
Don't approach the well, it's not a safe spot.
Don't approach this dog.
Don't argue in front of the kid.
Don't argue when you are angry and don't eat when you are full.
Don't argue with Tom.
Don't argue with Yanni.
Don't argue with a kid.
Don't argue with a mirror.
Don't argue with a woman when she's tired.
Don't argue with an idiot, or else people might not be sure which of you is really the idiot.
Don't argue with me and change your clothes.
Don't argue with me here.
Don't argue with me.
Don't argue with them.
Don't argue with your kids.
Don't argue.
Don't arouse him from his sleep!
Don't arrest me for denouncing Israel's crimes. Arrest the war criminals who are committing them.
Don't arrive late at the railroad station.
Don't arrive too late.
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.
Don't ask Tom any questions about his wife.
Don't ask Tom any questions about what happened.
Don't ask Tom for any favors.
Don't ask Tom for help.
Don't ask Tom for help. Try to do it by yourselves first.
Don't ask Tom it. He doesn't know anything.
Don't ask Tom that question.
Don't ask Tom that. He doesn't know anything.
Don't ask Tom that. He knows nothing.
Don't ask Tom. He doesn't know anything.
Don't ask Tom. He isn't an expert.
Don't ask a question of students who you know cannot answer.
Don't ask about anything.
Don't ask again on this device for 2 hours.
Don't ask again on this device for 3 days.
Don't ask again on this device for 5 minutes.
Don't ask an elm tree for pears.
Don't ask and just come with me.
Don't ask any more questions.
Don't ask any questions right now. Just run!
Don't ask any questions.
Don't ask anything unless you want to know.
Don't ask anything, just come with me.
Don't ask anything.
Don't ask for a half when you can ask for the whole thing.
Don't ask for anything more.
Don't ask for his help with anything.
Don't ask for money.
Don't ask for the impossible.
Don't ask for too much.
Don't ask for whom the bell tolls.
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.
Don't ask her out, demand her out!
Don't ask him any questions about his marriage.
Don't ask him for any favors.
Don't ask him who he is.
Don't ask how I know that.
Don't ask if the fish is fresh. We're in Nebraska!
Don't ask just anyone to dance.
Don't ask me about Tom.
Don't ask me about anything.
Don't ask me about my private life.
Don't ask me about that anymore.
Don't ask me about that now.
Don't ask me about that.
Don't ask me about the speech.
Don't ask me again.
Don't ask me any questions.
Don't ask me anything.
Don't ask me for anything else.
Don't ask me for forgiveness.
Don't ask me for forgiveness. What's been done has been done.
Don't ask me for help, ask Tom.
Don't ask me for help.
Don't ask me for money.
Don't ask me how Tom does it.
Don't ask me how it works.
Don't ask me how it's going.
Don't ask me if I'd do it again.
Don't ask me if I'm happy.
Don't ask me not to sing.
Don't ask me questions to which there are no answers!
Don't ask me so many questions.
Don't ask me so many questions. Use your head.
Don't ask me stupid questions.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
Don't ask me such difficult questions.
Don't ask me such hard questions.
Don't ask me such questions.
Don't ask me that again.
Don't ask me that now.
Don't ask me that question again.
Don't ask me that question.
Don't ask me that.
Don't ask me to choose between you and my children.
Don't ask me to choose between you and my job.
Don't ask me to clean the office kitchen.
Don't ask me to dance again.
Don't ask me to do something impossible.
Don't ask me to do that again.
Don't ask me to do that.
Don't ask me to do this.
Don't ask me to explain it.
Don't ask me to explain.
Don't ask me to forgive you.
Don't ask me to help Tom.
Don't ask me to help you ever again.
Don't ask me to help.
Don't ask me to hug Tom.
Don't ask me to join your club.
Don't ask me to kiss Tom.
Don't ask me to point out your mistakes. If you're interested in changing, figure them out on your own.
Don't ask me to visit Tom.
Don't ask me to wash your car.
Don't ask me what I did.
Don't ask me what Tom is going to do.
Don't ask me what Tom is thinking.
Don't ask me what Tom meant.
Don't ask me what it was!
Don't ask me what it was.
Don't ask me what that is.
Don't ask me what that means.
Don't ask me where I got this.
Don't ask me where it hurts.
Don't ask me why I did it.
Don't ask me why I did that.
Don't ask me why Tom is so into heavy metal.
Don't ask me why but, he ran away when he saw me.
Don't ask me why it happened. I'm just the storyteller, my job is to tell you what happened.
Don't ask me why, but it works.
Don't ask me why.
Don't ask me, I really have no clue.
Don't ask me, ask Tom.
Don't ask me, mate. I haven't got a clue.
Don't ask me.
Don't ask me. Ask Tom.
Don't ask me. Ask her.
Don't ask me. Ask him.
Don't ask me. Ask them.
Don't ask me. I don't really know.
Don't ask me. I really don't know.
Don't ask me. I'm just the janitor.
Don't ask me... it was a disaster.
Don't ask me; I'm a cat.
Don't ask questions that you don't want to know the answer to.
Don't ask questions that you don't want to know the answers to.
Don't ask questions when you don't want to know the answers.
Don't ask questions yet. Just listen to what I have to say.
Don't ask questions! The decree comes from the top.
Don't ask questions, just come with me.
Don't ask questions, just do it.
Don't ask questions.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
Don't ask questions. Just follow orders.
Don't ask silly questions.
Don't ask so many questions.
Don't ask so many questions. I don't pay you for that.
Don't ask stupid questions.
Don't ask such difficult questions.
Don't ask such hard questions.
Don't ask that question.
Don't ask that!
Don't ask the old man "How are you?", instead ask him "What's bothering you today?".
Don't ask the same thing over and over again. I explained it properly to you already. It's getting tedious.
Don't ask the way to a village you don't want to go to.
Don't ask them where they are going.
Don't ask too many questions.
Don't ask us to do that.
Don't ask what the state can do for you, but why it doesn't do it.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
Don't ask what they're thinking. Ask what they're doing.
Don't ask where that turkey baster's been.
Don't ask who I am.
Don't ask who he is.
Don't ask who she is.
Don't ask why, just do it.
Don't ask why.
Don't ask why. Ask why not.
Don't ask why; just do it.
Don't ask!
Don't ask, and I won't lie.
Don't ask, don't tell.
Don't ask.
Don't assign blame to other people.
Don't associate with evil men.
Don't associate with such people.
Don't associate with them.
Don't associate yourself with people that easily give up.
Don't associate yourself with people that give up easily.
Don't assume bad faith.
Don't assume you're not contagious.
Don't attach it to your head.
Don't attack me.
Don't attack someone who cannot attack.
Don't attempt this at home.
Don't attempt to argue with her.
Don't attempt to do this by yourself.
Don't attempt to steal other people's belongings!
Don't attempt two projects at a time.
Don't attempt two things at once.
Don't avert your eyes from me.
Don't avoid my question.
Don't avoid the question!
Don't back away.
Don't back down.
Don't back off.
Don't back up. There's a tree behind you.
Don't badger me!
Don't balls it up!
Don't ban books; ban fascists.
Don't bandage Tom's leg too tightly.
Don't bang the door shut.
Don't bank too much on that business.
Don't bar me out.
Don't bark!
Don't bathe in the river.
Don't bathe in this water.
Don't be a baby!
Don't be a baby.
Don't be a backseat driver.
Don't be a bad boy.
Don't be a bad girl.
Don't be a bad loser.
Don't be a bitch.
Don't be a bootlicker.
Don't be a bore.
Don't be a brute.
Don't be a bully.
Don't be a busybody.
Don't be a cheapskate.
Don't be a chicken.
Don't be a child!
Don't be a chump.
Don't be a cocksucker.
Don't be a copycat.
Don't be a couch potato.
Don't be a coward, Ziri.
Don't be a coward.
Don't be a crybaby!
Don't be a dick.
Don't be a dog in the manger.
Don't be a dog.
Don't be a douchebag!
Don't be a dumbass.
Don't be a fool.
Don't be a fool. Let me help you.
Don't be a fussy eater. Let's eat everything.
Don't be a fussy eater; let's eat everything.
Don't be a hero.
Don't be a hypocrite.
Don't be a jackass!
Don't be a jerk.
Don't be a liar.
Don't be a lunatic.
Don't be a mama's boy.
Don't be a moron.
Don't be a pain!
Don't be a party pooper, Tom.
Don't be a penny-pincher.
Don't be a people pleaser.
Don't be a pessimist.
Don't be a pest!
Don't be a piece of shit.
Don't be a pig.
Don't be a pig; wash your hands right now.
Don't be a prime target for abuse.
Don't be a pussy.
Don't be a scab.
Don't be a schmuck.
Don't be a shit.
Don't be a slave of money.
Don't be a slave to money.
Don't be a snob.
Don't be a sore loser.
Don't be a spoilsport!
Don't be a spoilsport.
Don't be a stranger.
Don't be a stubborn fool.
Don't be a sucker.
Don't be a tosser.
Don't be a trouble to mother.
Don't be a victim.
Don't be a wallflower.
Don't be a wet blanket.
Don't be a wuss!
Don't be absurd.
Don't be addicted to human.Be addicted to nature,solitude and pets.
Don't be afraid because I'll be with you.
Don't be afraid of Dan. Translate his sentences.
Don't be afraid of Islam.
Don't be afraid of anything.
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.
Don't be afraid of change.
Don't be afraid of criticizing Israel.
Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.
Don't be afraid of having tigers for enemies; be afraid of having pigs for friends.
Don't be afraid of helping others.
Don't be afraid of looking ridiculous.
Don't be afraid of making mistake !
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak French.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes. Just do it.
Don't be afraid of me.
Don't be afraid of mistakes! Be afraid of uncorrected mistakes!
Don't be afraid of public speaking.
Don't be afraid of seeing the doctor.
Don't be afraid of speaking Berber.
Don't be afraid of speaking in public.
Don't be afraid of that.
Don't be afraid of the doctor.
Don't be afraid of the dog who barks, but be afraid of the one who is silent and wags its tail.
Don't be afraid of the dog. He's not dangerous.
Don't be afraid of the dog. It's not dangerous.
Don't be afraid of the future.
Don't be afraid of the unfamiliar; be afraid of what you know.
Don't be afraid of what's coming.
Don't be afraid that your sexual orientation will damn you. Hell doesn't exist.
Don't be afraid to ask for help.
Don't be afraid to ask if you need help.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't be afraid to be forceful in selling your product.
Don't be afraid to be who you are.
Don't be afraid to be wrong.
Don't be afraid to be yourself.
Don't be afraid to be yourselves.
Don't be afraid to break the rules a little.
Don't be afraid to break the rules.
Don't be afraid to correct Tom.
Don't be afraid to dance.
Don't be afraid to do that.
Don't be afraid to dream.
Don't be afraid to embrace your preferences.
Don't be afraid to experiment.
Don't be afraid to express your feelings.
Don't be afraid to fail.
Don't be afraid to fail. Be afraid not to try.
Don't be afraid to get back up again, to try again, to love again, to live again and to dream again. Don't let a hard lesson burden your heart. Follow your path!
Don't be afraid to get your feet wet.
Don't be afraid to get your hands dirty.
Don't be afraid to go in your library and read every book.
Don't be afraid to go to the doctor.
Don't be afraid to help others.
Don't be afraid to invest time and energy.
Don't be afraid to laugh.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
Don't be afraid to make enemies; if you don't have any, it's that you have done nothing.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes in speaking English.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking French.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when you speak English.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when you speak French.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. That's part of how people learn.
Don't be afraid to raise your hand and ask a question.
Don't be afraid to raise your hand.
Don't be afraid to reveal yourself through speaking; take every opportunity to converse with others in English, and soon you will feel right at home in informal conversational situations.
Don't be afraid to say what you think.
Don't be afraid to say you don't know the correct answer to a specific question.
Don't be afraid to sing.
Don't be afraid to speak the truth.
Don't be afraid to speak up.
Don't be afraid to stand up for what's right.
Don't be afraid to talk to Tom.
Don't be afraid to talk to her.
Don't be afraid to talk to him.
Don't be afraid to talk to your boss.
Don't be afraid to tell the truth.
Don't be afraid to trust your intuition.
Don't be afraid to try anything.
Don't be afraid to try doing that.
Don't be afraid to try new activities and explore different sports or exercises.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
Don't be afraid to try that.
Don't be afraid!
Don't be afraid, I am not wicked.
Don't be afraid, I am with you.
Don't be afraid, I won't tell the police.
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
Don't be afraid, I'm with you.
Don't be afraid, Jamal.
Don't be afraid, Tom.
Don't be afraid, Tom. I will help you to get some job.
Don't be afraid, Tom. There's no need to worry.
Don't be afraid, it's me!
Don't be afraid, parents.
Don't be afraid, you will get paid for it.
Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you.
Don't be afraid. It'll only hurt for a second.
Don't be afraid. It's just me.
Don't be afraid. That disease isn't contagious.
Don't be afraid; nothing will happen to you as long as you are next to me.
Don't be aggressive to a woman.
Don't be aggressive.
Don't be alarmed.
Don't be alarmed. He's not hurt badly.
Don't be all grumpy.
Don't be alone, especially in the evening, at the onset of darkness.
Don't be aloof, let's go together.
Don't be an asshole.
Don't be an idiot!
Don't be an idiot.
Don't be an oaf.
Don't be angry at his words.
Don't be angry with Tom.
Don't be angry with her.
Don't be angry with him.
Don't be angry with me!
Don't be angry with me, for I did it for your sake.
Don't be angry with me.
Don't be angry!
Don't be angry, uncle. Come! Dine with us tomorrow.
Don't be angry.
Don't be angry. I really have to rest.
Don't be angry; I was just asking.
Don't be annoyed.
Don't be annoying.
Don't be ashamed of being poor.
Don't be ashamed of staying silent when you don't have anything to say.
Don't be ashamed of wanting to be taught what you don't know. To know something is cause for praise. It is inexcusable to want to learn nothing.
Don't be ashamed of who you are.
Don't be ashamed of your children.
Don't be ashamed of your feelings.
Don't be ashamed of yourself.
Don't be bad.
Don't be bitter, Steina.
Don't be bitter.
Don't be bootlickers.
Don't be bound by your pride.
Don't be brutal with him!
Don't be capricious.
Don't be careless in your work.
Don't be careless.
Don't be caught off guard.
Don't be caught unprepared.
Don't be cheeky!
Don't be childish!
Don't be childish, Mary!
Don't be childish, Tom.
Don't be childish.
Don't be cold as ice.
Don't be concerned about it.
Don't be condescending.
Don't be controlled by your fear.
Don't be coy.
Don't be crazy!
Don't be crazy.
Don't be crude.
Don't be cruel to animals.
Don't be cruel.
Don't be daft.
Don't be deceived by Tom.
Don't be deceived by appearances.
Don't be deceived by how things look.
Don't be deceived by that.
Don't be deceived by the low price.
Don't be deceived, my dear friends.
Don't be deceived.
Don't be delirious.
Don't be dependent on that.
Don't be deterred.
Don't be difficult, Tom.
Don't be difficult.
Don't be disappointed.
Don't be discouraged because you are not very talented.
Don't be discouraged just because you're not all that talented.
Don't be discouraged.
Don't be disgraced like the young Romans, who lost the Empire of their forefathers by being wishy-washy slackers without any go or patriotism in them.
Don't be disgusting.
Don't be disheartened.
Don't be dishonest.
Don't be disillusioned.
Don't be disrespectful to your mother!
Don't be disrespectful.
Don't be distrustful.
Don't be dramatic.
Don't be duped by this charlatanry, Yankev.
Don't be embarrassed by who you are.
Don't be embarrassed to be wrong.
Don't be embarrassed, Jamal.
Don't be embarrassed, Tom.
Don't be embarrassed.
Don't be evasive. I know you, and your eyes are shameless! What have you done? Come on, confess!
Don't be evasive. I want you to answer my question.
Don't be evil!
Don't be evil.
Don't be fatuous, Tom.
Don't be flippant about this.
Don't be fooled again.
Don't be fooled by Tom's e-mail!
Don't be fooled by appearances.
Don't be fooled by her angelic looks.
Don't be fooled by her appearance.
Don't be fooled by her looks.
Don't be fooled by his good looks.
Don't be fooled by his looks.
Don't be fooled by that.
Don't be fooled by the goofy look on Tom's face.
Don't be fooled by the low price.
Don't be fooled by this.
Don't be fooled by what Tom said.
Don't be fooled.
Don't be foolish, Anne.
Don't be foolish, Tom.
Don't be foolish, sweetheart.
Don't be foolish.
Don't be fresh with me.
Don't be frightened.
Don't be fussy. Let's eat everything.
Don't be fussy; let's eat everything.
Don't be gay!
Don't be greedy.
Don't be gross.
Don't be hard on Tom.
Don't be hard on yourself.
Don't be hasty.
Don't be hurt.
Don't be hypocritical.
Don't be ignorant.
Don't be impatient!
Don't be impertinent.
Don't be impulsive.
Don't be in a hurry!
Don't be in a hurry, guys!
Don't be in such a hurry to do that.
Don't be in such a hurry!
Don't be in such a hurry.
Don't be in such a rush!
Don't be in such a rush.
Don't be in too much of a hurry.
Don't be incoherent.
Don't be incredulous.
Don't be insolent.
Don't be insulted.
Don't be intimidated by her degree! She puts her pants on one leg at a time.
Don't be intimidated by wokeism.
Don't be intimidated.
Don't be irresponsible.
Don't be jealous of others' success.
Don't be jealous of the success of others.
Don't be jealous.
Don't be late for class again.
Don't be late for dinner.
Don't be late for school again.
Don't be late for school so often.
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
Don't be late for school.
Don't be late for the meeting tomorrow.
Don't be late for the meeting.
Don't be late for the train.
Don't be late for work.
Don't be late to school again.
Don't be late to school tomorrow.
Don't be late to school.
Don't be late!
Don't be late, Tom.
Don't be late.
Don't be late. We won't wait for anyone.
Don't be late. We're not going to wait for anyone.
Don't be late. We're not waiting for anyone.
Don't be lazy and go with us.
Don't be lazy and work out a lot.
Don't be lazy!
Don't be lazy, bring me them yourself.
Don't be lazy, find a proper place to dispose of your trash.
Don't be lazy, use the kanji you've been taught.
Don't be lazy, why don't you study a little?
Don't be lazy.
Don't be led astray by other people's advice.
Don't be like Tom.
Don't be like everyone else.
Don't be like her.
Don't be like him.
Don't be like me.
Don't be like that, Tom.
Don't be like that, it's almost your mom's birthday.
Don't be like that.
Don't be like that. It's not as bad as it looks.
Don't be like the rest of them. You're so beautiful just the way you are.
Don't be like them.
Don't be like this.
Don't be like your mother, please.
Don't be long about it!
Don't be long.
Don't be lulled into a false sense of security.
Don't be lured into doing what your enemy expects.
Don't be mad at me if I have to kill you.
Don't be mad at me!
Don't be mad at me.
Don't be mad!
Don't be mad.
Don't be mealy-mouthed, just say what you mean.
Don't be mean to those who treat you well.
Don't be mean with the tip.
Don't be mean.
Don't be melodramatic.
Don't be mistaken.
Don't be modest!
Don't be modest.
Don't be naive.
Don't be naive. He doesn't care about you. He only cares about himself.
Don't be narrow-minded!
Don't be nervous! This class is easy!
Don't be nervous, Tom.
Don't be nervous, speak slowly.
Don't be nervous.
Don't be nervous. Because of this he won't think you're carrying any contraband, and won't open your trunk to check, and hold you up.
Don't be nice to those who might forget it, and don't be mean to those who might remember.
Don't be noisy here.
Don't be noisy in this room.
Don't be noisy on such an occasion.
Don't be noisy or step out.
Don't be noisy.
Don't be offended by what I'm about to say, but this dress looks terrible on you.
Don't be offended!
Don't be offended.
Don't be offended. He says such things to everyone.
Don't be offended. To everyone, he says stuff like that.
Don't be offended. Tom's that way with everyone.
Don't be on the side of the murderers!
Don't be overconfident.
Don't be overly nice to people.
Don't be paranoid.
Don't be pathetic.
Don't be peeved.
Don't be pessimistic.
Don't be picky about it, let's eat everything.
Don't be pigs.
Don't be precious.
Don't be presumptuous.
Don't be pretentious.
Don't be proud that you have such a habit.
Don't be provoked.
Don't be put off.
Don't be quick to judge other people. You have no idea what they've been through, just like they have no idea what you've been through.
Don't be quiet and say everything.
Don't be rash.
Don't be responsible for hurting someone.
Don't be ridiculous!
Don't be ridiculous! We are not descended from apes, we only have a common ancestor.
Don't be ridiculous, Ziri.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't be ridiculous. It will take you hours to walk home.
Don't be rough in speech.
Don't be rude to my friends.
Don't be rude!
Don't be rude.
Don't be sad because it's over. Be happy because it happened.
Don't be sad!
Don't be sad, Tom. Anna wasn't the one for you. You'll find someone better.
Don't be sad, indeed Allah is with us.
Don't be sad, it's not a big deal!
Don't be sad.
Don't be saying one thing and then another.
Don't be saying that childish shit at the age of 30.
Don't be scared of making mistakes.
Don't be scared of me. I just want to talk.
Don't be scared to be scared, Tom.
Don't be scared to meet new people.
Don't be scared! It's nothing.
Don't be scared.
Don't be scared. I don't bite.
Don't be scared. My dog hasn't bit anyone up to now.
Don't be scared. My dog hasn't bitten anyone yet.
Don't be scared. You know you can tell me anything.
Don't be scared. You will get accustomed to words in Portuguese and speak fluently.
Don't be scared. You'll find a place to stay.
Don't be seduced into thinking that that which does not make a profit is without value.
Don't be self-conscious when you travel.
Don't be selfish, young girl!
Don't be selfish.
Don't be selfish; care a little about others!
Don't be selfish; there's plenty for everyone.
Don't be selfish; think a little about others!
Don't be sheeple.
Don't be shy about speaking in front of people.
Don't be shy about talking to the teacher; if you don't understand, use some initiative!
Don't be shy in the company of others.
Don't be shy of what you are.
Don't be shy with me.
Don't be shy!
Don't be shy, Tom.
Don't be shy, and speak up for yourself.
Don't be shy, go ahead!
Don't be shy.
Don't be shy. Talk to me.
Don't be silenced by wokeism.
Don't be silly!
Don't be silly! We're just friends. Good friends.
Don't be silly! You can't drive without a wheel!
Don't be silly, Tom.
Don't be silly.
Don't be silly. I can't do it.
Don't be silly. You know I love you.
Don't be silly. You know that I love you.
Don't be silly. You really think I'd leave you that easily? Come here.
Don't be silly. You're in enough trouble already.
Don't be slaves to money.
Don't be slopping about with him. You'd better give him a thick ear.
Don't be slow, be faster.
Don't be smug! You could have hurt yourself.
Don't be so aggressive.
Don't be so aggressive. You scare people.
Don't be so angry, darling.
Don't be so angry, my dear.
Don't be so angry, my love.
Don't be so angry, sweetheart.
Don't be so angry.
Don't be so annoying about every little thing.
Don't be so anxious about your upcoming exams! You'll do pretty great, I'm sure.
Don't be so anxious!
Don't be so arrogant!
Don't be so arrogant.
Don't be so backboneless!
Don't be so basic.
Don't be so bitter.
Don't be so brash.
Don't be so careless!
Don't be so cheeky.
Don't be so childish.
Don't be so choosy.
Don't be so condescending.
Don't be so constantly annoying.
Don't be so crass.
Don't be so critical.
Don't be so cruel.
Don't be so cute!
Don't be so cynical.
Don't be so daft.
Don't be so defensive.
Don't be so demanding!
Don't be so demanding.
Don't be so disgusting.
Don't be so disrespectful and arrogant, Mary.
Don't be so down in the dumps. You just got dumped, that's all.
Don't be so dramatic, Tom!
Don't be so dramatic, Tom.
Don't be so dramatic.
Don't be so eager, boys.
Don't be so eager.
Don't be so easily offended, Tom.
Don't be so easily offended.
Don't be so egoistic.
Don't be so egotistic.
Don't be so elitist.
Don't be so emotional about this.
Don't be so emotional!
Don't be so emotional.
Don't be so foolish as to go with him.
Don't be so foolish.
Don't be so formal, please!
Don't be so gay!
Don't be so gleeful!
Don't be so gloomy about the future.
Don't be so glum about it. Life has its ups and downs.
Don't be so glum.
Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
Don't be so greedy.
Don't be so grumpy.
Don't be so gullible.
Don't be so hard on Tom.
Don't be so hard on Tom. He meant well.
Don't be so hard on her.
Don't be so hard on her. She meant well.
Don't be so hard on him.
Don't be so hard on me.
Don't be so hard on your son.
Don't be so hard on yourself!
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Don't be so hard on yourselves.
Don't be so harsh on me please.
Don't be so harsh on yourself.
Don't be so harsh on yourselves.
Don't be so harsh towards her.
Don't be so harsh with her.
Don't be so hasty!
Don't be so hasty, Tom.
Don't be so hasty.
Don't be so haughty in your speaking.
Don't be so heartless.
Don't be so humble, you are not that great.
Don't be so immature.
Don't be so impatient.
Don't be so impetuous.
Don't be so jealous of my luck.
Don't be so judgemental.
Don't be so judgmental.
Don't be so lazy, and get up and shower before your father gets here.
Don't be so lazy.
Don't be so mean or I'll tell grandma!
Don't be so mean to Tom.
Don't be so mean to me.
Don't be so mean.
Don't be so melodramatic.
Don't be so miserly.
Don't be so modest.
Don't be so morbid.
Don't be so naive!
Don't be so naive.
Don't be so narrow-minded!
Don't be so narrow-minded.
Don't be so nasty.
Don't be so naughty.
Don't be so negative.
Don't be so noisy!
Don't be so noisy, please.
Don't be so nosy!
Don't be so nosy.
Don't be so offensive!
Don't be so open-minded that your brain falls out.
Don't be so ornery. Just do what you're told to do.
Don't be so ornery. Just do what you're told.
Don't be so outraged.
Don't be so paranoid.
Don't be so particular!
Don't be so perverse!
Don't be so pessimistic.
Don't be so petty.
Don't be so picky.
Don't be so pompous.
Don't be so pretentious.
Don't be so proud of your diploma.
Don't be so pushy.
Don't be so quick to judge.
Don't be so quiet!
Don't be so reserved.
Don't be so ridiculous.
Don't be so rough on yourself.
Don't be so rough on yourselves.
Don't be so rude or I'll tell grandma!
Don't be so rude!
Don't be so sad.
Don't be so sarcastic about him.
Don't be so self-assertive.
Don't be so self-important.
Don't be so selfish, Tom.
Don't be so selfish.
Don't be so sensitive to criticism.
Don't be so sensitive.
Don't be so sentimental.
Don't be so serious.
Don't be so serious. It's only a game.
Don't be so sharp with the children.
Don't be so shy.
Don't be so silly.
Don't be so slow.
Don't be so stingy.
Don't be so stressed out.
Don't be so stubborn! How do you say so beautifully? The wiser gives in.
Don't be so stubborn.
Don't be so stupid.
Don't be so superficial about such serious issues.
Don't be so sure about that.
Don't be so sure.
Don't be so suspicious.
Don't be so tense.
Don't be so tight-fisted.
Don't be so tight.
Don't be so touchy, Tom.
Don't be so unkind.
Don't be so unpleasant with your sister, Tom.
Don't be so upset.
Don't be so uptight all the time.
Don't be so uptight. Try to loosen up.
Don't be so vulgar!
Don't be so wild, Jack.
Don't be so worked up over this thing. It will all blow over before you know it.
Don't be soft with kids.
Don't be sorry for Tom. He got what he deserved.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be stingy with the tip.
Don't be stingy.
Don't be stubborn like that.
Don't be stubborn.
Don't be stubborn. You know you're wrong.
Don't be stupid, Tom.
Don't be stupid.
Don't be stupid. It's not your fault.
Don't be subservient to your boss.
Don't be such a SJW.
Don't be such a baby.
Don't be such a busybody.
Don't be such a cheapskate.
Don't be such a chump!
Don't be such a couch potato!
Don't be such a couch potato.
Don't be such a cry baby.
Don't be such a crybaby!
Don't be such a crybaby.
Don't be such a curmudgeon!
Don't be such a drag.
Don't be such a drama queen, Tom.
Don't be such a dupe!
Don't be such a fatalist, Tom.
Don't be such a fool!
Don't be such a fool.
Don't be such a glutton.
Don't be such a grammar Nazi.
Don't be such a grumpy-face.
Don't be such a hothead. A short temper will cost you.
Don't be such a jerk.
Don't be such a killjoy.
Don't be such a miser.
Don't be such a nitwit and think before you speak.
Don't be such a numskull, Clyde.
Don't be such a party pooper.
Don't be such a pessimist.
Don't be such a pig! Leave some for everyone else.
Don't be such a pig.
Don't be such a pompous ass!
Don't be such a prude.
Don't be such a sentimental idiot.
Don't be such a sissy.
Don't be such a skinflint.
Don't be such a snob.
Don't be such a social justice warrior.
Don't be such a sourpuss.
Don't be such a spoilsport.
Don't be such a stick-in-the-mud.
Don't be such a stranger!
Don't be such a sucker!
Don't be such a tightwad!
Don't be such a wimp!
Don't be such a wimp.
Don't be such an arsehole!
Don't be such an ass.
Don't be surprised if Tom and Mary do that.
Don't be surprised if Tom does that.
Don't be surprised if Tom forgets who you are and what your name is.
Don't be surprised if all of a sudden you forget who you are.
Don't be surprised if one night you wake up screaming.
Don't be surprised if you get a visit from Death.
Don't be surprised if you wake up with spiders inside your mouth.
Don't be surprised.
Don't be surprised. You know very well what I'm talking about.
Don't be swayed by gossip.
Don't be taken in by her crocodile tears.
Don't be taken in by his words.
Don't be tardy.
Don't be tempted!
Don't be terrified.
Don't be that guy.
Don't be that worried.
Don't be the passive person who always admits defeat.
Don't be too alarmed.
Don't be too arrogant!
Don't be too assertive in your judgements!
Don't be too close to the boss.
Don't be too confident, Tom.
Don't be too confident.
Don't be too conspicuous.
Don't be too critical!
Don't be too dependent on others.
Don't be too eager for success.
Don't be too hard on Tom.
Don't be too hard on her.
Don't be too hard on him.
Don't be too hard on me, please.
Don't be too hard on me.
Don't be too hard on them.
Don't be too hard on us.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
Don't be too hard on yourselves.
Don't be too hasty.
Don't be too haughty, for hell awaits below.
Don't be too impressed.
Don't be too late.
Don't be too literal.
Don't be too long.
Don't be too picky. There aren't that many fish in the sea.
Don't be too quick to answer.
Don't be too quick to blame Tom for what happened.
Don't be too quick to think badly of others!
Don't be too rough on Tom.
Don't be too rough on her.
Don't be too rough on him.
Don't be too rough on them.
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.
Don't be too shy.
Don't be too slow.
Don't be too strict. They're just kids.
Don't be too stubborn.
Don't be too sure.
Don't be two-faced with me!
Don't be under any illusions.
Don't be unfair!
Don't be unfair.
Don't be ungracious.
Don't be ungrateful.
Don't be unkind to your friends.
Don't be unkind.
Don't be unreasonable.
Don't be upset by a sudden change in the weather.
Don't be upset that you're ugly. Just remember that you also have no friends.
Don't be upset when they are gone.
Don't be upset, I'll help you.
Don't be upset.
Don't be worried.
Don't be wrong.
Don't be your own enemy!
Don't beat about the bush.
Don't beat about the bush. I want you to answer my question.
Don't beat around the bush!
Don't beat around the bush, if you have something you want to say, say it plainly.
Don't beat around the bush, where is he?
Don't beat around the bush.
Don't beat around the bush. Tell me what you want from me.
Don't beat around the bush; tell me who is to blame.
Don't beat me!
Don't beat your head against a stone wall.
Don't beat yourself up about it.
Don't beat yourself up.
Don't became the main character in someone else's movie.
Don't become a bad person.
Don't become a doctor.
Don't become another statistic.
Don't become attached to them.
Don't become complacent.
Don't become like her.
Don't become old. It's not good to be old.
Don't become so pompous.
Don't become stuck in the past.
Don't become upset over rubbish.
Don't beg. Fight like a man.
Don't beg. You're embarrassing yourself.
Don't begin without me.
Don't begin without us.
Don't behave as one of them, so.
Don't behave lightly.
Don't believe Tom.
Don't believe Tom. He lies a lot.
Don't believe a single word Tom says.
Don't believe a single word of it.
Don't believe a word Tom says.
Don't believe a word Tom says. He's lying through his teeth.
Don't believe a word he says, he's lying through his teeth.
Don't believe all the stories about Tom.
Don't believe all the stories he's put about.
Don't believe any of it.
Don't believe anything Tom and Mary tell you.
Don't believe anything Tom says.
Don't believe anything Tom tells you.
Don't believe anything he says.
Don't believe anything she says.
Don't believe anything that Tom says.
Don't believe anything they say.
Don't believe anything you hear and only half of what you see.
Don't believe anything you see or hear on television.
Don't believe everything Tom says.
Don't believe everything Tom tells you.
Don't believe everything he tells you.
Don't believe everything people tell you.
Don't believe everything that Tom says.
Don't believe everything that Tom tells you.
Don't believe everything that you hear.
Don't believe everything the newspaper says!
Don't believe everything you hear about Mary.
Don't believe everything you hear about Tom.
Don't believe everything you hear about me.
Don't believe everything you hear about the special forces.
Don't believe everything you hear on the news.
Don't believe everything you hear! Don't like everything you see! Don't say everything you know! Don't do everything you want!
Don't believe everything you hear! Don't love everything you see! Don't say everything you know! Don't do everything you want!
Don't believe everything you hear, don't say everything you know, and don't do everything you want.
Don't believe everything you hear.
Don't believe everything you hear. Don't love everything you see. Don't say everything you know. Don't do everything you want.
Don't believe everything you read in that rag.
Don't believe everything you read in the newspaper.
Don't believe everything you read on the Internet.
Don't believe everything you read on the internet.
Don't believe everything you read.
Don't believe everything you say, don't say everything you know, don't do everything you want.
Don't believe everything you see on TV.
Don't believe everything you see.
Don't believe everything you see; photos and videos can be manipulated.
Don't believe her because she always lies.
Don't believe her!
Don't believe her, Mary.
Don't believe her, Tom.
Don't believe her, she always lies.
Don't believe her; she tells lies.
Don't believe him who speaks nice words, but him who speaks simply the truth.
Don't believe him!
Don't believe him, Mary.
Don't believe him, Tom.
Don't believe him.
Don't believe him. He lies left and right!
Don't believe him. He's just a politician.
Don't believe him. He's just talking to hear himself talk.
Don't believe him; he always lies.
Don't believe in Tom. Believe in youself.
Don't believe in destiny.
Don't believe in religions anymore.
Don't believe it! That's just a peddler of lies.
Don't believe it.
Don't believe people that say they learned French in three days.
Don't believe people who claim that they know everything.
Don't believe people who claim they know everything.
Don't believe people who know everything.
Don't believe terrorist propaganda. At least be sceptical.
Don't believe that anybody will be thankful for it.
Don't believe that karma won't come back straight to your face because it will.
Don't believe that nonsense!
Don't believe that rumor.
Don't believe that.
Don't believe that. It's all a fairy tale.
Don't believe the hunter's story without listening to the lion's side.
Don't believe the lies about Tom.
Don't believe the media.
Don't believe the polls.
Don't believe the rumors.
Don't believe them!
Don't believe them.
Don't believe this.
Don't believe those reports.
Don't believe those things.
Don't believe what Tom said.
Don't believe what Tom says.
Don't believe what Tom tells you.
Don't believe what Tom told you.
Don't believe what he says.
Don't believe what she says.
Don't believe you are the center of the world!
Don't believe your eyes.
Don't bend or scratch the discs.
Don't bend over the table.
Don't bend over the table. Sit up straight.
Don't bend over! Your robe is too short.
Don't bend reality.
Don't bend to peer pressure.
Don't bend your elbow.
Don't bet against it.
Don't bet on it.
Don't bet on that.
Don't betray me.
Don't bite my head off.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Don't bite off more than you can handle.
Don't bite on the right side.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't bite your fingernails.
Don't bite your nails!
Don't bite your nails.
Don't bite.
Don't blacken the fridge with your dirty fingers.
Don't blame Santa Claus if you don't get any presents this year.
Don't blame Tom and me.
Don't blame Tom for something Mary did.
Don't blame Tom for this.
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.
Don't blame Tom for what happened.
Don't blame Tom.
Don't blame Tom. He's only doing his duty.
Don't blame Ziri. It was Rima's fault.
Don't blame another for his faults.
Don't blame her for what happened back in Boston.
Don't blame her.
Don't blame him for the error.
Don't blame him, he's a novice.
Don't blame him.
Don't blame it on Tom.
Don't blame it on her.
Don't blame it on him.
Don't blame it on me.
Don't blame it on the weather!
Don't blame it on them.
Don't blame it on us.
Don't blame me for complaining.
Don't blame me for that.
Don't blame me for this.
Don't blame me for what happens.
Don't blame me for your mistakes.
Don't blame me for your tears!
Don't blame me if that doesn't happen.
Don't blame me, Tom.
Don't blame me.
Don't blame me. It wasn't my fault.
Don't blame others for your failure.
Don't blame others for your mistakes.
Don't blame others for your own fault.
Don't blame others for your own mistakes.
Don't blame others, Tom. You are responsible for that mess.
Don't blame others.
Don't blame people who tell the truth. Blame the war criminals that massacre children in their own homes.
Don't blame that on Tom.
Don't blame the cat for eating the fish.
Don't blame the children.
Don't blame the fire for being hot.
Don't blame the government.
Don't blame the guide.
Don't blame the messenger.
Don't blame the mistake on her.
Don't blame the tour guide.
Don't blame the victim.
Don't blame the wrong person.
Don't blame them for it.
Don't blame them for what happened back in Australia.
Don't blame them for what happened back in Boston.
Don't blame them.
Don't blame this mistake on Tom.
Don't blame this on Tom.
Don't blame this on her.
Don't blame this on him.
Don't blame this on me.
Don't blame this on them.
Don't blame this on us.
Don't blame this problem on me.
Don't blame this situation on me.
Don't blame us for that.
Don't blame us!
Don't blame us.
Don't blame your computer.
Don't blame your mistakes on Tom.
Don't blame your mistakes on me.
Don't blame yourself for these problems.
Don't blame yourself for what happened to Tom.
Don't blame yourself for what happened.
Don't blame yourself for what happened. It wasn't your fault.
Don't blame yourself for your son's character.
Don't blame yourself!
Don't blame yourself, Tom.
Don't blame yourself.
Don't blame yourself. It's my fault.
Don't blame yourself. You did everything you could.
Don't blame yourselves for what happened.
Don't blame yourselves.
Don't blame yourselves. It's our fault.
Don't blame yourselves. You did everything you could.
Don't blaspheme.
Don't blink if you don't want to miss out.
Don't blink.
Don't block me again.
Don't block the box.
Don't block the driveway.
Don't block the exit.
Don't block the way out.
Don't blow a gasket.
Don't blow in a beehive.
Don't blow it.
Don't blow our cover.
Don't blow out the candle.
Don't blow things out of proportion.
Don't blow this for me.
Don't blow this opportunity.
Don't blow your cool.
Don't blow your nose like that.
Don't blow your own horn too much.
Don't blow your own trumpet.
Don't blush.
Don't boast just because you were on TV once.
Don't boast too much about that.
Don't boast.
Don't bogart that joint, dude.
Don't borrow anything from Tom.
Don't borrow more money than you can help.
Don't bother Mary while she's reading.
Don't bother Mary; she's in a rotten mood at the moment.
Don't bother Tom and me.
Don't bother Tom now. He's studying.
Don't bother Tom while he's reading.
Don't bother Tom.
Don't bother about my lunch. I'll eat out.
Don't bother about what people say.
Don't bother answering Tom's questions.
Don't bother arguing with it; humans are impervious to logic.
Don't bother asking me to go.
Don't bother buying that armour set; you can craft it yourself if you have the right materials.
Don't bother calling for help.
Don't bother calling me.
Don't bother calling security.
Don't bother coming in this rain.
Don't bother denying it.
Don't bother denying that you did that.
Don't bother denying you did that.
Don't bother doing that now.
Don't bother doing that right now.
Don't bother doing that today.
Don't bother doing that yet.
Don't bother doing that.
Don't bother getting annoyed over something like that.
Don't bother getting up.
Don't bother her.
Don't bother him!
Don't bother him.
Don't bother locking the door.
Don't bother looking for me.
Don't bother making so many trips.
Don't bother me about that.
Don't bother me again.
Don't bother me any more!
Don't bother me anymore.
Don't bother me here.
Don't bother me now.
Don't bother me when I'm working.
Don't bother me with Tom, please.
Don't bother me with details.
Don't bother me with nonsense.
Don't bother me with such foolish questions.
Don't bother me with such trifles.
Don't bother me with superfluous details.
Don't bother me!
Don't bother me, I'm studying a difficult thing.
Don't bother me, please.
Don't bother me.
Don't bother me. I'm busy.
Don't bother me. I'm listening to Bach right now.
Don't bother seeing me to the door.
Don't bother standing up.
Don't bother taking an umbrella with you.
Don't bother the others.
Don't bother them, and they won't bother you.
Don't bother them.
Don't bother to answer this letter.
Don't bother to call Tom.
Don't bother to call me.
Don't bother to call on him.
Don't bother to come to my house.
Don't bother to deny it.
Don't bother to pick me up at the hotel.
Don't bother to respond.
Don't bother to try to convince Tom to do that.
Don't bother to wait for me.
Don't bother turning it off.
Don't bother us again.
Don't bother us anymore!
Don't bother us anymore.
Don't bother us.
Don't bother waiting for Tom.
Don't bother waking me up at 4:00 a.m. I don't plan to go fishing tomorrow.
Don't bother with Paleo "butter coffee".
Don't bother with excessive details. You don't need them now.
Don't bother with it.
Don't bother with that now!
Don't bother with that.
Don't bother with these bureaucratic issues.
Don't bother with what he said.
Don't bother your parents with such a pointless thing.
Don't bother yourself about me.
Don't bother yourself.
Don't bother, I can take care of this myself.
Don't bother.
Don't bother. It's a waste of time.
Don't bother; I've tried a hundred times.
Don't bother; they're here.
Don't bounce your ball here.
Don't bow down to your superiors.
Don't box me in.
Don't brag about how fast your car can go.
Don't brag so much.
Don't brag! It makes you sound poorer!
Don't brag.
Don't brake so suddenly.
Don't brake suddenly.
Don't brake.
Don't break a mirror.
Don't break anything!
Don't break anything.
Don't break down now. You need to put up a strong face, at least until you get home and no one can see you cry.
Don't break her heart.
Don't break his heart.
Don't break it, Yanni.
Don't break it.
Don't break my heart.
Don't break my new table.
Don't break off the branch.
Don't break out the champagne yet.
Don't break the branches.
Don't break the speed limit.
Don't break the spell.
Don't break up with me.
Don't break your commitments to yourself.
Don't break your commitments.
Don't breathe a word of it to anyone.
Don't breathe a word of this to anyone.
Don't breathe a word of this to my girlfriend.
Don't breathe a word of what I've told you to anyone.
Don't breathe in the smoke.
Don't breathe so colorfully.
Don't breathe the fumes.
Don't breathe! It's poisonous gas.
Don't breathe.
Don't bring Yuri here.
Don't bring any food inside the laboratory.
Don't bring any money to the party; just bring yourself.
Don't bring bad luck.
Don't bring dogs onto the beach.
Don't bring food inside the tent.
Don't bring food inside the tent. It will attract animals.
Don't bring home stray animals.
Don't bring it up.
Don't bring it.
Don't bring negativity home with you.
Don't bring on any more shame.
Don't bring sand into the bed.
Don't bring that dirty dog through the kitchen.
Don't bring the dog in.
Don't bring this subject up in front of her.
Don't bring this subject up in front of him.
Don't bring too much clothing when you travel.
Don't bring your dog with you.
Don't bring your dog.
Don't bring your personal life into work.
Don't bring your work problems home with you.
Don't broach that topic in her presence.
Don't broach that topic in his presence.
Don't brush me off.
Don't bug me!
Don't bug me.
Don't bug me. I'm working.
Don't bug us.
Don't build your identity around a future that might not even happen.
Don't bullshit me!
Don't bullshit me.
Don't bullshit me. I saw you kissing her.
Don't bully me!
Don't bully me.
Don't bully other people.
Don't bully people.
Don't bump into anything.
Don't bump your head.
Don't burn your bridges behind you.
Don't burn your bridges.
Don't burn yourself.
Don't burp.
Don't burst into the room without knocking.
Don't burst my bubble.
Don't burst out laughing like that. It's creepy.
Don't bury it too deep.
Don't bury your head in the sand.
Don't bust our balls!
Don't buy Tom anything sweet.
Don't buy Tom anything.
Don't buy a pig in a poke.
Don't buy any more candy.
Don't buy any more of this cheese.
Don't buy anything from Tom.
Don't buy anything in a package.
Don't buy anything sweet for Tom.
Don't buy cheap light bulbs.
Don't buy flowers for yourself. Let somebody else buy them for you.
Don't buy flowers for yourself. Let someone else buy them for you.
Don't buy ground cinnamon, grind it yourself before using.
Don't buy her anything.
Don't buy him anything.
Don't buy it again.
Don't buy it and it costs nothing.
Don't buy it!
Don't buy it.
Don't buy me any more presents!
Don't buy me any more presents.
Don't buy me anything!
Don't buy me anything.
Don't buy me presents anymore.
Don't buy more ice cream.
Don't buy more than you need.
Don't buy on credit.
Don't buy overripe fruit. It goes bad really fast.
Don't buy products made in sweatshops.
Don't buy something just because it's on sale.
Don't buy that book.
Don't buy that one.
Don't buy that one. This one's better.
Don't buy that stuff.
Don't buy that.
Don't buy them anything.
Don't buy things on credit.
Don't buy things you won't use.
Don't buy this painting; it's a fake.
Don't buy those shoes.
Don't buy too much candy.
Don't buy too much.
Don't buy us anything.
Don't buy what you don't need.
Don't buy what's good; buy what you need!
Don't buy your car from that dealership. They'll rob you blind.
Don't buy.
Don't buzz about my ears.
Don't call 911! You have to call 112.
Don't call Tom "Mary." That's not his name anymore.
Don't call Tom a freak.
Don't call Tom an idiot.
Don't call Tom anymore.
Don't call Tom at his home after 2:30.
Don't call Tom at home after 2:30.
Don't call Tom back.
Don't call Tom names.
Don't call Tom now.
Don't call Tom that.
Don't call Tom the R word. His life is hard enough.
Don't call Tom unless you get into trouble.
Don't call Tom, please.
Don't call Tom, unless you get into trouble.
Don't call Tom.
Don't call again.
Don't call anybody.
Don't call anymore.
Don't call anyone.
Don't call her a bitch.
Don't call her a freak.
Don't call her now.
Don't call her that.
Don't call her.
Don't call here again.
Don't call here anymore!
Don't call him Tom.
Don't call him a freak.
Don't call him an idiot.
Don't call him back.
Don't call him for the party.
Don't call him my father!
Don't call him names.
Don't call him now.
Don't call him on the telephone now.
Don't call him that!
Don't call him that.
Don't call him the criminal.
Don't call him.
Don't call it a day just because the road's blocked.
Don't call it spaghetti. Call it pasta.
Don't call me Uncle. You make me feel so old.
Don't call me a freak.
Don't call me a jerk.
Don't call me a moron.
Don't call me again.
Don't call me an idiot!
Don't call me anymore.
Don't call me anymore. Get out of my life forever.
Don't call me at home.
Don't call me at work.
Don't call me before eight o'clock.
Don't call me by my last name!
Don't call me by my surname!
Don't call me dad.
Don't call me disloyal.
Don't call me ever again.
Don't call me in the middle of the night anymore.
Don't call me on my home phone.
Don't call me papa.
Don't call me sir.
Don't call me so late at night.
Don't call me that anymore!
Don't call me that, she said softly.
Don't call me that.
Don't call me up after ten o'clock.
Don't call me when I'm at the office.
Don't call me your son.
Don't call me.
Don't call people who are incorrect idiots.
Don't call sweet that which gives rise to bitterness.
Don't call that student a fool.
Don't call the cops, man.
Don't call the cops.
Don't call the devil, because he can appear.
Don't call the pancakes. Call them "death-cakes". The carbs!
Don't call the police.
Don't call them freaks.
Don't call them now.
Don't call them.
Don't call those students fools.
Don't call us freaks.
Don't call us, we'll call you.
Don't call us.
Don't call your father.
Don't camp here.
Don't cancel anything yet.
Don't care a hang about it.
Don't care about him.
Don't care what other people think.
Don't care what others think of you.
Don't care.
Don't care; didn't ask.
Don't carry a practical joke too far.
Don't carry anything to excess.
Don't carry more money than you need.
Don't carry too much baggage when you travel.
Don't cast bacon before oysters.
Don't cast pearls before swine.
Don't cast pears before swine.
Don't castigate me. I haven't done anything wrong.
Don't castrate kids with puberty blockers.
Don't catch a cold.
Don't cause a commotion.
Don't cause a scene here.
Don't cause a scene now.
Don't cause any problems.
Don't cause yourself more stress.
Don't cave into their demands.
Don't celebrate just yet.
Don't celebrate too early.
Don't celebrate too soon!
Don't censor your thoughts.
Don't challenge someone who has nothing to lose.
Don't chance fighting a guy with a machete.
Don't change a thing.
Don't change a winning team.
Don't change anything that Tom did.
Don't change anything!
Don't change anything.
Don't change because of someone. Be yourself and the right one will like you as you are.
Don't change horses in midstream.
Don't change horses mid-race.
Don't change horses midstream.
Don't change lanes without indicating.
Don't change lanes without signaling.
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.
Don't change that.
Don't change the channel, I'm watching.
Don't change the channel.
Don't change the creation of God.
Don't change the subject, Ziri.
Don't change the subject, please!
Don't change the subject.
Don't change the topic.
Don't change this paragraph. Tom's grammatical errors are an important component of his style.
Don't change your mind so often.
Don't change your mind.
Don't change your plans, whatever happens.
Don't change your tune now.
Don't change!
Don't chase after fame.
Don't chastise your father.
Don't chat with people you haven't been introduced to, sweetheart.
Don't chatter! I have to study.
Don't cheat him.
Don't cheat me!
Don't cheat us.
Don't cheat.
Don't check this company's job listings every week.
Don't chew gum in class.
Don't chew on your pencil.
Don't chew with your mouth open.
Don't chew.
Don't chicken out!
Don't chicken out.
Don't claim that you accomplished it all.
Don't clean your healing belly button piercing in the shower.
Don't click on links you don't recognize.
Don't click on suspicious links or download unknown files.
Don't click on suspicious links.
Don't click on that link, it's suspicious.
Don't click on that link.
Don't click on the link.
Don't climb on the fences or barriers.
Don't climb on the fences, they're there for your safety.
Don't climb on the ladder in those shoes. They won't give you a firm grip.
Don't climb on the wall.
Don't climb on this!
Don't climb on unstable rocks or steep slopes.
Don't climb that ladder in those shoes. They won't give you a firm grip.
Don't climb that ladder – it's not secure.
Don't climb that ladder. It's not safe.
Don't climb the stairs three by three.
Don't climb the wall.
Don't climb too high on the jungle gym, it's risky!
Don't climb trees that look weak.
Don't climb up the wall.
Don't close it!
Don't close it.
Don't close me off.
Don't close the door!
Don't close the door.
Don't close the gate. Just hold on.
Don't close the jar too tightly.
Don't close the window.
Don't close the windows.
Don't close your eyes.
Don't comb your hair to the side, it doesn't suit you.
Don't come after me.
Don't come again.
Don't come and cause trouble, OK!
Don't come and mess around!
Don't come any closer.
Don't come any closer. If you do, you'll be sorry.
Don't come anywhere near!
Don't come around here, Tom.
Don't come around this office.
Don't come back again.
Don't come back here again.
Don't come back here.
Don't come back too soon.
Don't come back until you've done what I've asked you to do.
Don't come back without information.
Don't come back.
Don't come before 2:30.
Don't come before six o'clock.
Don't come complaining to me when it bites you.
Don't come dressed like a bum.
Don't come dressed like bums.
Don't come here again or we'll definitely have a problem.
Don't come here again.
Don't come here any more.
Don't come here anymore.
Don't come here now.
Don't come here!
Don't come here! Run!
Don't come here.
Don't come home too late.
Don't come in here, please!
Don't come in here.
Don't come in here. I'm changing.
Don't come in my room without knocking.
Don't come in my room.
Don't come in! I'm naked.
Don't come in.
Don't come in. I'm changing.
Don't come in. I'm naked.
Don't come into my room without knocking.
Don't come into my room.
Don't come into the kitchen.
Don't come it with me.
Don't come late, OK?
Don't come late, okay?
Don't come near Tom!
Don't come near me!
Don't come near me, you creep!
Don't come near me.
Don't come near me. I have a cold.
Don't come near me. You're filthy.
Don't come near the bulldog in case it bites.
Don't come near the fire.
Don't come near the light!
Don't come near this dog.
Don't come out here.
Don't come out of the attic.
Don't come so early next time.
Don't come the innocent with me.
Don't come this evening and don't come tomorrow either.
Don't come to Algeria.
Don't come to Algiers.
Don't come to Japan, you'll ruin it for everyone.
Don't come to me now with that. You should have said something when it originally happened.
Don't come to me with any excuses.
Don't come to my funeral.
Don't come to pick me up. There's no need to.
Don't come to school if you have a cold.
Don't come to school if you've got a cold.
Don't come to school just for fun.
Don't come to school to lark around.
Don't come to the meeting!
Don't come to work too late!
Don't come too close to the fire.
Don't come too late to work.
Don't come too late.
Don't come unless I ask you to.
Don't come unless I ask you.
Don't come unless I tell you to.
Don't come until I tell you to.
Don't come whining to me.
Don't come.
Don't command me to not command you!
Don't commit suicide.
Don't commit yourself to doing it within a week.
Don't commit yourself.
Don't compare Nazism with socialism.
Don't compare me to Tom, please.
Don't compare me to Tom.
Don't compare me to a movie star.
Don't compare me to my father.
Don't compare your children with others.
Don't compare your life to others'. You have no idea what their journey is all about.
Don't compare yourself to Tom.
Don't compare yourself to anyone else.
Don't compare yourself to her.
Don't compare yourself to him.
Don't compare yourself to me.
Don't compare yourself to other people!
Don't compare yourself to others constantly.
Don't compare yourself to others.
Don't compare yourself to others. Be happy with who you are and what you have.
Don't compare yourself to others. Compare yourself to who you were a week ago.
Don't compare yourself to others; focus on your progress.
Don't compare yourself to them.
Don't compare yourself with Tom.
Don't compare yourself with your brother because he's a better man than you.
Don't compare yourselves to others.
Don't compare yourselves to us.
Don't complain about it. You've asked for it.
Don't complain about that. You've asked for it.
Don't complain about your food.
Don't complain all the time!
Don't complain so much.
Don't complain to me. Complain to Tom.
Don't complain to your toxic boss.
Don't complain!
Don't complain, Jamal.
Don't complain, don't explain.
Don't complain.
Don't complain. You have to go.
Don't complain. You wanted that.
Don't completely prepare the ground for your children, otherwise they might run their head against a wall.
Don't complicate the matter.
Don't complicate the problem by raising new issues.
Don't complicate your life.
Don't compromise your vision to acquire funding.
Don't conceal what you feel about it.
Don't concede too early.
Don't concede too quickly.
Don't concern yourself.
Don't condemn a person before you've given them a hearing.
Don't condemn others, and you won't be condemned.
Don't confide in Daniel; he's a snitch!
Don't confide in Tom.
Don't confront your boss.
Don't confuse "dare" and "dear".
Don't confuse "efficacy" with "efficiency".
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
Don't confuse Chinese with Japanese.
Don't confuse Mary with your paranoid delusions.
Don't confuse Portuguese with Spanish.
Don't confuse Skura's friendliness with flirting.
Don't confuse Slovakia with Slovenia.
Don't confuse a comet with an asteroid.
Don't confuse astrology with astronomy.
Don't confuse comets and asteroids.
Don't confuse desire with love.
Don't confuse evil with stubbornness. The fact that I'm dead set on doing things my way doesn't mean I do it to get on your nerves.
Don't confuse love and desire.
Don't confuse me for yourself.
Don't confuse me with Hitler.
Don't confuse me.
Don't confuse opinions with facts.
Don't confuse sugar with salt.
Don't confuse the concepts "subject" and "object" with each other!
Don't confuse the two.
Don't confuse them.
Don't confuse wheat with rye.
Don't confuse yourself with me!
Don't congratulate me!
Don't consume canned food that has expired.
Don't contact Tom.
Don't contradict me, please.
Don't contradict me.
Don't contradict your teacher.
Don't contribute to Tatoeba.
Don't cook for too many people. We're having few people coming over.
Don't cooperate with the police.
Don't copy my answers.
Don't copy my sentences.
Don't copy other students' homework.
Don't copy that floppy.
Don't cough at me, asshole!
Don't count Tom out yet.
Don't count Tom out.
Don't count me in for the party.
Don't count me in.
Don't count me out so quickly.
Don't count me out.
Don't count me!
Don't count on Tom to help you.
Don't count on Tom's help.
Don't count on Tom.
Don't count on any of this.
Don't count on anyone.
Don't count on her.
Don't count on him to lend you any money.
Don't count on him.
Don't count on his assistance.
Don't count on his help.
Don't count on his support.
Don't count on it.
Don't count on me.
Don't count on that happening.
Don't count on them.
Don't count on us.
Don't count out Tom just yet.
Don't count the days. Make the days count.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Don't count your chickens before they're hatched.
Don't count your chickens until they've hatched.
Don't count your chickens.
Don't cover up the truth about Islam.
Don't crack a nut with a sledgehammer.
Don't cram. Whatever you cram you will quickly forget.
Don't create dust!
Don't create fear and panic.
Don't create unnecessary conflict.
Don't criticise me all the time!
Don't criticize him in public.
Don't criticize me all the time.
Don't criticize what you can't understand.
Don't cross a bridge till you come to it.
Don't cross him or you'll regret it.
Don't cross me.
Don't cross the bridge till you come to it.
Don't cross the picket line.
Don't cross the rails when the alarm is sounding.
Don't cross the road on a red light.
Don't cross the road when the signal is red.
Don't cross the road.
Don't cross the street on a red light.
Don't cross the street!
Don't cross the tracks when the alarm is ringing.
Don't cross the yellow line.
Don't cross this bridge.
Don't cross this line.
Don't cross this street when it's raining.
Don't cross your arms across your chest.
Don't cross your arms.
Don't cross your arms. It makes you seem defensive.
Don't cross your bridges before you come to them.
Don't cross your bridges before you get to them.
Don't cross your eyes or they'll freeze that way.
Don't cross your eyes or they'll get stuck.
Don't cross your eyes. They'll get stuck that way!
Don't cross your legs.
Don't cry / For the good times gone. / Smile instead / While they're still going on.
Don't cry about it.
Don't cry anymore.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Don't cry before you get hurt.
Don't cry before you're hurt.
Don't cry in public.
Don't cry in the street.
Don't cry like a child!
Don't cry outside.
Don't cry over spilled milk.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Don't cry trouble half-way.
Don't cry!
Don't cry! I'll buy you a new one.
Don't cry, Tom.
Don't cry, everything will turn out well.
Don't cry, mama will be back soon.
Don't cry, my coochy coo bunny. Mommy is here.
Don't cry, please.
Don't cry, there's a dear.
Don't cry, unless crying solves the problem.
Don't cry.
Don't cry. Crying doesn't solve anything.
Don't cry. Everything will be OK.
Don't cry. Everything's going to be OK.
Don't cry. I love you.
Don't cry. I'll buy you a new one.
Don't cry. I'll start crying too.
Don't cry. It's going to be okay.
Don't cry. It's okay.
Don't cry. There's nothing wrong.
Don't cry. You're a big boy now.
Don't cultivate a personal relationship with your boss.
Don't cum in my socks.
Don't curse in front of the children.
Don't curse or I'll wash your mouth out with soap.
Don't curse.
Don't cuss!
Don't cuss.
Don't cut down a tree that gives you shade.
Don't cut down these trees.
Don't cut down this tree.
Don't cut down those trees.
Don't cut in line.
Don't cut in when others are talking.
Don't cut in while others are talking.
Don't cut in while we're talking.
Don't cut in with your remarks.
Don't cut in!
Don't cut it too short in the front.
Don't cut off my head! For then I could not repent of my sin. But cut off my feet with the red shoes.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
Don't cut people off when they're talking!
Don't cut that wire.
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
Don't cut these trees down.
Don't cut this tree down.
Don't cut those trees down.
Don't cut young trees.
Don't cut your classes so often.
Don't cut your finger.
Don't cut your hair!
Don't cut yourself off from your fellow students.
Don't cut yourself on those shards!
Don't damage me, I won't damage you.
Don't damage your own professional brand.
Don't dance.
Don't dare cross me!
Don't dare to ever put a foot in our house ever again!
Don't dare to go there without Tom.
Don't dare to marry Tom!
Don't dare to take Tom into our house.
Don't dare to talk to my girlfriend.
Don't dare to tell Tom.
Don't dash off a sloppily written report filled with mistakes.
Don't dawdle about, make haste!
Don't dawdle on the way home.
Don't dawdle.
Don't deceive Tom.
Don't deceive him.
Don't deceive me.
Don't deceive yourself.
Don't decide anything until we've consulted together!
Don't decide just yet.
Don't defeat yourself.
Don't defend Fadil.
Don't defend the brat.
Don't defend the oppressor.
Don't defend the rascal.
Don't deform it anymore.
Don't defy their orders, just limit yourself to obeying them.
Don't degrade yourself by telling such a lie.
Don't delay finishing the business.
Don't delay on this errand.
Don't delay paying your dues!
Don't delay today's work until tomorrow.
Don't delay.
Don't delete items that are unnatural-sounding or archaic without a second opinion by an experienced moderator.
Don't delete my name from your list.
Don't delete the comments.
Don't delete this file.
Don't delude yourself.
Don't demand anything of them.
Don't deny it, Tom.
Don't deny it.
Don't deny the facts.
Don't deny the obvious.
Don't deny!
Don't depend on Tom too much.
Don't depend on it.
Don't depend on other people too much.
Don't depend on others' kindness.
Don't depend on your parents too much.
Don't depend too much on others.
Don't deprive me of my instant gratification.
Don't deprive yourself of the joys of life.
Don't deprive yourselves of the pleasures of life.
Don't desert me here in the desert!
Don't despair – ask a friend.
Don't despair! There's always a way out!
Don't despair, ask Thomas!
Don't despair.
Don't despise a man because he is poor.
Don't despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
Don't despise a man just because he is poorly dressed.
Don't despise others because they are poor.
Don't despise reading, read enough books.
Don't despise yourself.
Don't dictate your rules on me.
Don't die on me.
Don't die yet. We still need you.
Don't die!
Don't die.
Don't die. It's bad for your health.
Don't dig a hole for others, let them dig it themselves.
Don't dig a pit for somebody to fall into, or you will end up in it yourself.
Don't dig up the past.
Don't dilly-dally.
Don't diminish people.
Don't dirty it!
Don't disappear on me again.
Don't disappoint Tom.
Don't disappoint her.
Don't disappoint him.
Don't disappoint me anymore.
Don't disappoint me like last time.
Don't disappoint me now.
Don't disappoint me the way you did the other day.
Don't disappoint me, Tom.
Don't disappoint me.
Don't disappoint us again.
Don't disappoint yourself!
Don't disconnect.
Don't discount that possibility.
Don't discourage him.
Don't discourage it.
Don't discriminate against people based on nationality, gender, or occupation.
Don't discuss that.
Don't discuss this with anyone.
Don't dislike what you don't understand.
Don't dismiss any possibility.
Don't disobey my orders.
Don't disobey the rules.
Don't disrespect me.
Don't distract him while he's working.
Don't distract me anymore.
Don't distract me from studying.
Don't distract me when I'm in the zone.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
Don't distract me.
Don't disturb Mary while she's studying.
Don't disturb Mithun, he's in VR right now.
Don't disturb Tom while he's asleep.
Don't disturb Tom while he's sleeping.
Don't disturb Tom while he's studying.
Don't disturb Tom.
Don't disturb Tom. He's sleeping.
Don't disturb any bird nests you find.
Don't disturb her while she is sleeping.
Don't disturb her while she's asleep.
Don't disturb her while she's sleeping.
Don't disturb her.
Don't disturb her. She is at work right now.
Don't disturb him while he's asleep.
Don't disturb him while he's sleeping.
Don't disturb him.
Don't disturb me now.
Don't disturb me when I'm studying!
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
Don't disturb me!
Don't disturb me, please.
Don't disturb me, please. I need to concentrate.
Don't disturb me.
Don't disturb the cat when she's using her litter box.
Don't disturb the dog when it's sleeping.
Don't disturb the hamster when it's sleeping, let it rest.
Don't disturb the others.
Don't disturb the sleeping bears, they need their rest.
Don't disturb them.
Don't disturb us.
Don't dive headfirst into the lake, it's shallow in some areas.
Don't dive into shallow water, it can hurt you.
Don't divide by zero.
Don't do a half-assed job.
Don't do a half-baked job.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Don't do anything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Don't do anything Tom tells you to do.
Don't do anything against Tom's will, please.
Don't do anything against your will.
Don't do anything bad while I'm gone.
Don't do anything by halves.
Don't do anything crazy.
Don't do anything dangerous.
Don't do anything drastic.
Don't do anything dumb.
Don't do anything else until I get there.
Don't do anything embarrassing.
Don't do anything foolhardy like deciding to go with Tom.
Don't do anything foolish.
Don't do anything halfway.
Don't do anything hasty.
Don't do anything he asks.
Don't do anything illegal.
Don't do anything like that again.
Don't do anything other than this.
Don't do anything rash.
Don't do anything silly.
Don't do anything special.
Don't do anything strenuous tonight.
Don't do anything stupid while I'm gone.
Don't do anything stupid!
Don't do anything stupid, OK?
Don't do anything stupid.
Don't do anything that I wouldn't do.
Don't do anything that might void the warranty.
Don't do anything that you might regret later.
Don't do anything to attract attention to yourself.
Don't do anything to attract attention to yourselves.
Don't do anything to get Tom angry.
Don't do anything to hurt Tom's feelings.
Don't do anything to prevent Tom from doing that.
Don't do anything to provoke Tom.
Don't do anything until I come.
Don't do anything until I get there.
Don't do anything until we know exactly what's happening.
Don't do anything yet.
Don't do anything you don't want to do.
Don't do anything you might later regret.
Don't do anything you might regret afterward.
Don't do anything you might regret.
Don't do anything you wouldn't want somebody to catch you doing if you died while doing it.
Don't do anything you wouldn't want to be caught dead doing.
Don't do anything you'll regret later.
Don't do anything you'll regret.
Don't do anything.
Don't do crunches if you're pregnant.
Don't do demeaning jobs.
Don't do drugs.
Don't do everyone's job except for your own.
Don't do everything at once.
Don't do it again.
Don't do it because I said so, do it for your own sake!
Don't do it for me.
Don't do it if you care for your reputation.
Don't do it like Tom, please.
Don't do it like Tom.
Don't do it like that.
Don't do it on Tom's account.
Don't do it on purpose.
Don't do it reluctantly.
Don't do it right now.
Don't do it that way.
Don't do it to Tom, please.
Don't do it unless Tom allows it for you.
Don't do it!
Don't do it! It's stupid and dangerous.
Don't do it, Tom.
Don't do it, it's a trick!
Don't do it.
Don't do me any favors.
Don't do me like that.
Don't do something just because everyone else does it.
Don't do something stupid.
Don't do something you'll regret later.
Don't do something you'll regret.
Don't do such a shameful thing in public.
Don't do such a thing in fun.
Don't do that again unless I tell you to.
Don't do that again until I tell you to.
Don't do that again!
Don't do that again, OK?
Don't do that again.
Don't do that any more, OK?
Don't do that any more.
Don't do that anymore.
Don't do that by yourself.
Don't do that ever again!
Don't do that ever again.
Don't do that here.
Don't do that if you really value what you need.
Don't do that if you want to live!
Don't do that in Algeria.
Don't do that in front of my kid.
Don't do that in this room.
Don't do that now.
Don't do that now. We'll do it all in one go later.
Don't do that that way.
Don't do that till I tell you to.
Don't do that to Tom, please.
Don't do that to me.
Don't do that too much.
Don't do that unless I tell you to.
Don't do that unless I'm there to help you.
Don't do that unless Tom says you have to do it.
Don't do that unless you have to.
Don't do that until I get there.
Don't do that until I tell you to.
Don't do that until Tom and Mary get there.
Don't do that until Tom gets there.
Don't do that until after 2:30.
Don't do that until you have the offer in hand.
Don't do that when you're here in Algeria.
Don't do that while I'm here.
Don't do that yet.
Don't do that!
Don't do that! That's gross.
Don't do that!!! There's a computer at the drug store.
Don't do that, OK?
Don't do that, Tom! That would defeat the purpose!
Don't do that, Yanni.
Don't do that, please.
Don't do that.
Don't do that. Don't die.
Don't do that. It's not your job.
Don't do that. You're making Tom cry.
Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
Don't do the duck-face in your mirror self-shots!
Don't do the enemy's work for them.
Don't do the job just any old way.
Don't do things by halves.
Don't do things halfheartedly.
Don't do things like that here.
Don't do things that can hurt people.
Don't do this again.
Don't do this in an aggressive way.
Don't do this to me again.
Don't do this to me!
Don't do this to me! It's not funny!
Don't do this to me, Skura.
Don't do this to me, Tom.
Don't do this to yourself.
Don't do this.
Don't do this. You'll regret it.
Don't do to others that which you would not wish done to yourself.
Don't do too many things at the same time.
Don't do too much at the same time.
Don't do too much. You'll just feel like a burnout!
Don't do two things at a time.
Don't do two things at once.
Don't do two things at the same time.
Don't do unto others that which you do not want done unto you.
Don't do unto others what you don't want them to do to you.
Don't do us any favors.
Don't do what Tom and Mary tell you not to do.
Don't do what Tom tells you not to do.
Don't do what you can't undo, until you've considered what you can't do once you've done it.
Don't do wicked things.
Don't do yourself the disservice of not watching this film.
Don't dodge the issue, I want you to answer my question.
Don't dodge the question.
Don't doubt his words.
Don't doubt the effectiveness of this drug.
Don't doubt the effectiveness of this medicine.
Don't doubt your abilities.
Don't doubt your decisions.
Don't doubt yourself.
Don't download apps from unknown sources.
Don't download files from unknown sources; it could be malware.
Don't download software or files from untrustworthy sources.
Don't drag Donald into this.
Don't drag Tom into this.
Don't drag chairs or heavy furniture across the floor; it can scratch it.
Don't drag me into this.
Don't drag out Chinese sayings about the importance of an environment conducive to learning just to justify moving for a child's entrance exams!
Don't drag the table! You lift it and then you move it.
Don't drag us into war. We want to live in peace with all nations.
Don't drag your feet; come over here and get your picture taken.
Don't drain yourself by constantly giving to others.
Don't dramatize. Everything's fine.
Don't draw a hasty conclusion from what you see now.
Don't draw attention to yourself.
Don't draw me it.
Don't draw or write on the windows, please.
Don't draw unwanted attention to yourself.
Don't dream about toilets.
Don't dream!
Don't dress like a prostitute.
Don't dress like a slut.
Don't dress like a tourist.
Don't drift, Ziri.
Don't drill the windshield too deep.
Don't drink a lot of wine!
Don't drink alcohol while driving.
Don't drink alcohol.
Don't drink all the orange juice.
Don't drink and drive or get into a car with anyone who's been drinking.
Don't drink and drive!
Don't drink and drive.
Don't drink any alcohol.
Don't drink any more beer.
Don't drink any more.
Don't drink anything else.
Don't drink anything with caffeine in it.
Don't drink anything.
Don't drink beer before bedtime.
Don't drink beer before going to bed!
Don't drink beer before going to bed.
Don't drink caffeinated drinks.
Don't drink coffee before bed.
Don't drink coffee on an empty stomach.
Don't drink from the bottle, please.
Don't drink ice water.
Don't drink like that.
Don't drink on an empty stomach.
Don't drink or eat anything.
Don't drink out of my glass.
Don't drink propane.
Don't drink so much beer.
Don't drink so much juice!
Don't drink soda after ten.
Don't drink sugary cocktails.
Don't drink that water.
Don't drink that.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
Don't drink the bathwater.
Don't drink the lake water, it's not safe to consume.
Don't drink the pool water, it's not clean.
Don't drink the tap water.
Don't drink the tempera.
Don't drink the water.
Don't drink this water, it's not fit for drinking.
Don't drink this water.
Don't drink to excess.
Don't drink too many sugary drinks.
Don't drink too much beer.
Don't drink too much before going to bed.
Don't drink too much champagne.
Don't drink too much coffee.
Don't drink too much coffee. It could harm you!
Don't drink too much java.
Don't drink too much water.
Don't drink too much wine.
Don't drink too much!
Don't drink too much, OK?
Don't drink too much, okay?
Don't drink too much.
Don't drink very cold water.
Don't drink when you have a headache.
Don't drink.
Don't drive drunk.
Don't drive next to big trucks.
Don't drive on LSD.
Don't drive on mushrooms.
Don't drive on the sidewalk.
Don't drive so fast.
Don't drive so fast. We're all going to die!
Don't drive that close to it.
Don't drive that slow.
Don't drive too fast.
Don't drive under the influence of alcohol.
Don't drive under the influence of drink.
Don't drive under the influence.
Don't drive while intoxicated.
Don't drive!
Don't drive.
Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.
Don't drop it.
Don't drop that cup.
Don't drop that glass.
Don't drop that wrapper, find a trash can instead.
Don't drop the M&Ms on the floor.
Don't drop the cup.
Don't drop the food on the ground.
Don't drop the soap.
Don't drop them.
Don't drop this cup.
Don't drop those glasses.
Don't drown in the rain.
Don't drown.
Don't dump garbage here.
Don't duplicate sentences.
Don't duplicate this floppy.
Don't dwell in the past.
Don't dwell on failures.
Don't dwell on the past.
Don't dwell on your past failures.
Don't dwell on your past mistakes!
Don't dwell too much upon the subject.
Don't dye your hair.
Don't eat a lot of bread.
Don't eat a lot of eggs.
Don't eat a lot of food before you go swimming.
Don't eat a lot.
Don't eat a thing.
Don't eat all of the snacks.
Don't eat all of these.
Don't eat all of this.
Don't eat all of those.
Don't eat all the cake. Leave some for me.
Don't eat all the figs. Leave some for your sister.
Don't eat all the grapes. Leave some for Tom.
Don't eat alone.
Don't eat any candy that looks suspicious.
Don't eat any dinner tonight.
Don't eat any more of these.
Don't eat any more of those.
Don't eat any more.
Don't eat anything Tom cooks.
Don't eat anything at all.
Don't eat anything bad for you.
Don't eat anything beforehand.
Don't eat anything else.
Don't eat anything here.
Don't eat anything that comes out of a box.
Don't eat anything that's bad for you.
Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognise as food.
Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food.
Don't eat anything.
Don't eat at all.
Don't eat at your desk.
Don't eat baby animals.
Don't eat bacon at night because it has a lot of fat.
Don't eat beef.
Don't eat before going to bed!
Don't eat before going to bed.
Don't eat between meals.
Don't eat by yourself.
Don't eat during class.
Don't eat everything while I'm gone.
Don't eat everything you see.
Don't eat everything yourself.
Don't eat everything.
Don't eat fast food!
Don't eat for a day.
Don't eat for at least three hours.
Don't eat from the pot.
Don't eat from this plate and don't drink from that cup.
Don't eat garbage.
Don't eat greasy food.
Don't eat green apples or you'll get sick.
Don't eat hard foods.
Don't eat here.
Don't eat icicles.
Don't eat in church.
Don't eat in class.
Don't eat in my car.
Don't eat in the classroom.
Don't eat inside the laboratory.
Don't eat it all at once.
Don't eat it all at once. Leave some for tomorrow.
Don't eat it all by yourself.
Don't eat it all in one day.
Don't eat it all yourself.
Don't eat it all.
Don't eat it cold.
Don't eat it now.
Don't eat it raw.
Don't eat it too fast.
Don't eat it yet.
Don't eat it!
Don't eat it, OK?
Don't eat it.
Don't eat junk food.
Don't eat junk.
Don't eat just anything.
Don't eat just before bedtime.
Don't eat just before going to bed.
Don't eat just rice.
Don't eat lamb.
Don't eat like a pig!
Don't eat like a pig.
Don't eat like that.
Don't eat like that. Eat like this.
Don't eat lunch alone.
Don't eat me, gray wolf, I'll sing a song for you.
Don't eat me.
Don't eat meat.
Don't eat mine.
Don't eat mutton.
Don't eat my apple.
Don't eat my chips.
Don't eat my cookie.
Don't eat my crab.
Don't eat my food while I'm gone.
Don't eat my food.
Don't eat my french fries.
Don't eat my fries.
Don't eat my potato chips.
Don't eat my pudding.
Don't eat my sandwich.
Don't eat my yogurt.
Don't eat noisily.
Don't eat now.
Don't eat on the job.
Don't eat on the train.
Don't eat or drink anything else today.
Don't eat or drink near the gaming console.
Don't eat or drink near your laptop to avoid accidents.
Don't eat or drink too quickly.
Don't eat our food.
Don't eat out of the pan.
Don't eat out of the pot.
Don't eat out.
Don't eat outside.
Don't eat paint chips!
Don't eat peanuts and then kiss her. You'll kill her.
Don't eat pig.
Don't eat pig. It's poison.
Don't eat pork without cooking it first.
Don't eat pork.
Don't eat raw pork.
Don't eat raw tomatoes before bed.
Don't eat raw tomatoes before going to bed.
Don't eat raw vegetables.
Don't eat right before bedtime.
Don't eat right before going to bed.
Don't eat rubbish.
Don't eat snow.
Don't eat so fast, you pig!
Don't eat so fast.
Don't eat so much bread.
Don't eat so much meat.
Don't eat so much!
Don't eat so much, or you'll get really fat.
Don't eat so much.
Don't eat so much. You'll get fat.
Don't eat so quickly.
Don't eat so sloppily!
Don't eat sweets between meal times.
Don't eat that apple.
Don't eat that cake.
Don't eat that couscous.
Don't eat that dirty olive.
Don't eat that if you think it smells funny.
Don't eat that if you want to live.
Don't eat that mushroom.
Don't eat that now.
Don't eat that one.
Don't eat that piece of plastic. It's just a candle holder.
Don't eat that stuff.
Don't eat that!
Don't eat that, it's expired.
Don't eat that.
Don't eat the apple.
Don't eat the couscous.
Don't eat the fat.
Don't eat the fruit in the bowl on the table. It's plastic.
Don't eat the fruits at all.
Don't eat the fruits.
Don't eat the ham.
Don't eat the meat.
Don't eat the oysters.
Don't eat the sea urchins.
Don't eat the seeds.
Don't eat the whole bag.
Don't eat the whole cake by yourself.
Don't eat the wrapper.
Don't eat the yellow snow.
Don't eat them all.
Don't eat them now.
Don't eat there.
Don't eat these.
Don't eat this all in one sitting.
Don't eat this couscous.
Don't eat this part.
Don't eat this stuff.
Don't eat this.
Don't eat those apples.
Don't eat those figs. They're moldy.
Don't eat those.
Don't eat till the numbness wears off.
Don't eat to excess.
Don't eat too fast.
Don't eat too many all at once.
Don't eat too many candies.
Don't eat too many cookies.
Don't eat too many eggs.
Don't eat too many figs.
Don't eat too many hot dogs.
Don't eat too many nuts.
Don't eat too many of those.
Don't eat too many potatoes!
Don't eat too many sweets.
Don't eat too many.
Don't eat too much and disrupt the stomach's normal digestion process.
Don't eat too much before dinner.
Don't eat too much bread.
Don't eat too much cake.
Don't eat too much candy at once, pace yourself.
Don't eat too much candy.
Don't eat too much chocolate.
Don't eat too much fried food.
Don't eat too much of that.
Don't eat too much rich food.
Don't eat too much tonight.
Don't eat too much!
Don't eat too much, OK?
Don't eat too much.
Don't eat too quickly.
Don't eat us.
Don't eat veal.
Don't eat what fell on the floor.
Don't eat what's been on the floor.
Don't eat while reading.
Don't eat while you're doing that.
Don't eat with Tom.
Don't eat with your fingers.
Don't eat without me.
Don't eat yellow snow.
Don't eat yet.
Don't eat your scabs.
Don't eat!
Don't embarrass me in front of the preacher.
Don't embarrass me!
Don't embarrass me, Yanni.
Don't embarrass me.
Don't embarrass yourself.
Don't embarrass yourselves.
Don't embrace me in such a manner. I'm so frail!
Don't encourage Tom to do that.
Don't encourage Tom.
Don't encourage her.
Don't encourage him.
Don't encourage them.
Don't end up like Tom.
Don't engage with Ziri in that argument.
Don't engage with office politics.
Don't engage with strangers. It's important to stay safe.
Don't enroll.
Don't enter at the kitchen door.
Don't enter houses with your shoes on!
Don't enter houses with your shoes!
Don't enter my room when I'm gone!
Don't enter that room.
Don't enter the house with your shoes on.
Don't enter the mosque drunk.
Don't enter the room of anyone in isolation without wearing a mask.
Don't enter the room until I say "All right."
Don't enter the room without leave.
Don't enter the room without permission.
Don't enter there, it's dangerous!
Don't enter this room without permission.
Don't enter.
Don't envy others for their good luck.
Don't envy the success of others.
Don't envy. Copy.
Don't erase the blackboard.
Don't erase the board.
Don't erase the sample sentence.
Don't erase this.
Don't err.
Don't escalate the situation.
Don't evade the issue.
Don't evade the question.
Don't even ask me how that makes sense.
Don't even ask.
Don't even bother coming.
Don't even bother filling out an application. There's a waiting list of two years to get in to that school.
Don't even bother!
Don't even bother, he'll win anyway.
Don't even consider giving him the money.
Don't even dare to wake Tom up.
Don't even doubt it.
Don't even get into it.
Don't even get me started on Tom.
Don't even get me started.
Don't even give that bitch the luxury of a response.
Don't even go there.
Don't even joke about it!
Don't even joke about it.
Don't even joke about that kind of thing.
Don't even joke about that.
Don't even mention it.
Don't even say that as a joke.
Don't even talk to Tom.
Don't even talk to her.
Don't even talk to him.
Don't even talk to me.
Don't even talk to them.
Don't even text me.
Don't even think about coming any closer.
Don't even think about doing that.
Don't even think about driving while intoxicated, Tom.
Don't even think about it!
Don't even think about it.
Don't even think about killing me you ass.
Don't even think about lying to me.
Don't even think about that.
Don't even think it.
Don't even think of asking me to lend you some money.
Don't even think of asking me to let you date my daughter.
Don't even think of asking me what I think about you right now.
Don't even think of doing that again.
Don't even think of eating my chocolate.
Don't even think of going there.
Don't even think of it.
Don't even think of that.
Don't even think that.
Don't even think.
Don't even touch it.
Don't even touch me.
Don't even touch them.
Don't even try it.
Don't even try it. We already know each other.
Don't even try to come anywhere near my boyfriend ever again!
Don't even try to deny it.
Don't even try to do this by yourself.
Don't even try to do what Tom does.
Don't even try to intimidate me.
Don't even try to talk me to death - I have earplugs.
Don't even try to touch me.
Don't even try, Yanni.
Don't even worry about it.
Don't ever ask me if I still love you.
Don't ever ask me to do that again.
Don't ever boss me around again.
Don't ever call gays "fags".
Don't ever call me again.
Don't ever call me at work.
Don't ever call me dad again.
Don't ever call me that again.
Don't ever challenge someone who's got nothing to lose.
Don't ever change.
Don't ever come again.
Don't ever come back here again.
Don't ever come back to Gotham.
Don't ever come back.
Don't ever come here again!
Don't ever come here again.
Don't ever compare your wife to another woman.
Don't ever cross me.
Don't ever defend me again.
Don't ever do it again.
Don't ever do something like that again!
Don't ever do something like that again.
Don't ever do that again.
Don't ever do that again. Understood?
Don't ever do that kind of thing again.
Don't ever do that to me again.
Don't ever do that to us again.
Don't ever do that.
Don't ever do this again!
Don't ever do this again.
Don't ever doubt it.
Don't ever doubt that.
Don't ever forget how much stronger Tom and Mary are than you are.
Don't ever forget how much stronger Tom is than you are.
Don't ever forget it.
Don't ever forget that.
Don't ever forget this rule.
Don't ever get in a car with a stranger.
Don't ever get into a stranger's car.
Don't ever give in.
Don't ever give up hope.
Don't ever give up on your dreams. Keep sleeping.
Don't ever give up.
Don't ever go into an abandoned building.
Don't ever hook up with bad guys.
Don't ever judge a book by its cover.
Don't ever laugh at your wife's choices, because after all you're one of them.
Don't ever leave Tom alone.
Don't ever leave her alone.
Don't ever leave him alone.
Don't ever leave me again.
Don't ever leave me alone with Tom.
Don't ever leave me.
Don't ever leave them alone.
Don't ever leave.
Don't ever let anybody tell you what to do.
Don't ever let go.
Don't ever let me catch you doing that again.
Don't ever let me catch you doing this again.
Don't ever let me catch you here again.
Don't ever let me catch you talking to my girlfriend again.
Don't ever let me hear you say that again.
Don't ever let me see you do that again.
Don't ever let that happen again.
Don't ever let this happen again.
Don't ever lie to me again.
Don't ever lie to me.
Don't ever lie to us again.
Don't ever lie!
Don't ever look at me again.
Don't ever make me wait again.
Don't ever mention her name again.
Don't ever mention his name again.
Don't ever mention that again.
Don't ever mention this in front of Tom.
Don't ever mess with an Algerian.
Don't ever run away from me like that again.
Don't ever say her name.
Don't ever say that again.
Don't ever say that to Tom.
Don't ever say that to her.
Don't ever say that to him.
Don't ever say that to them.
Don't ever say that.
Don't ever say this in front of me again!
Don't ever say this in my presence again!
Don't ever scare me like that again.
Don't ever speak to me again.
Don't ever speak to me like that!
Don't ever stare at me like that again.
Don't ever talk back to me again.
Don't ever talk to me about this again.
Don't ever talk to me again!
Don't ever talk to me again.
Don't ever talk to me like that again.
Don't ever tell me I'm not a team player.
Don't ever think otherwise.
Don't ever think that.
Don't ever touch me again.
Don't ever touch me.
Don't ever touch my things again.
Don't ever try to do that again.
Don't ever try to do this by yourself.
Don't ever underestimate Tom.
Don't ever underestimate her.
Don't ever underestimate him.
Don't ever underestimate them.
Don't ever use my computer again.
Don't ever wake me up again.
Don't ever wake me up like that.
Don't ever wear that tie again.
Don't ever work with Tom.
Don't ever worry.
Don't everyone thank me at once.
Don't exacerbate the problem.
Don't exaggerate my achievements.
Don't exaggerate now.
Don't exaggerate!
Don't exaggerate, Jamal.
Don't exaggerate.
Don't exceed the speed limit.
Don't excuse what you have done.
Don't excuse yourself into living a mediocre life.
Don't exert yourself so much.
Don't exert yourself.
Don't expect Tom to agree to do that.
Don't expect Tom to be there in time.
Don't expect Tom to buy that for you.
Don't expect Tom to do that for you.
Don't expect Tom to do that.
Don't expect Tom to ever do that again.
Don't expect Tom to fix everything for you.
Don't expect Tom to help you.
Don't expect Tom to win.
Don't expect a coherent answer.
Don't expect a miracle.
Don't expect any changes soon.
Don't expect any good from them.
Don't expect any help from Tom.
Don't expect any help from me.
Don't expect any less from Sami.
Don't expect any less from Tom.
Don't expect any mercy from me.
Don't expect any miracles.
Don't expect any praise for that.
Don't expect any tax relief.
Don't expect anybody to help you.
Don't expect anyone to help you.
Don't expect anything good from Tom.
Don't expect anything original from an echo.
Don't expect anything out of the ordinary.
Don't expect anything to change.
Don't expect anything to happen too soon.
Don't expect charity from them.
Don't expect everyone to agree with you.
Don't expect everyone to be here on time.
Don't expect everyone to like you.
Don't expect everyone to share that opinion.
Don't expect everyone to think the same way you do.
Don't expect everything to have an explanation.
Don't expect goodness from them.
Don't expect help from Tom.
Don't expect it to happen overnight.
Don't expect it to happen this year.
Don't expect it to last very long.
Don't expect me if it's raining.
Don't expect me in case it should be rainy.
Don't expect me to be happy about this.
Don't expect me to be truthful when you keep lying to me so blatantly.
Don't expect me to believe such a tall story.
Don't expect me to believe such a tall tale.
Don't expect me to do it for you. It's your baby.
Don't expect me to do that for you.
Don't expect me to do that.
Don't expect me to fulfill your every request.
Don't expect me to help you with your homework.
Don't expect me to lose any sleep over it.
Don't expect me to take care of it.
Don't expect miracles from me.
Don't expect miracles.
Don't expect much to change.
Don't expect others to help you.
Don't expect others to think for you!
Don't expect overtime.
Don't expect peacocks to hunt and chase.
Don't expect someone with a gag in their mouth to tell you something.
Don't expect that to happen any time soon.
Don't expect that to happen.
Don't expect this good weather to last.
Don't expect this teacher to give you any compliment.
Don't expect to change other people's minds.
Don't expect to find philosophy in the poems of a twenty-year-old.
Don't expect to hear a lot from Tom.
Don't expect too much from Tom.
Don't expect too much from the food.
Don't expect too much from us.
Don't expect too much of him.
Don't expect too much of me.
Don't expect too much.
Don't expect us to wait for you next time.
Don't experiment with the stereo's settings without asking first.
Don't explain anything to me.
Don't explain it to them; you're wasting your time.
Don't explain to me the how or the why.
Don't expose a co-worker's mistake in front of everyone.
Don't expose him to the rain!
Don't expose it to the rain!
Don't expose it to the rain.
Don't expose photos to the sun.
Don't expose the laptop to extreme temperatures.
Don't expose the plant to direct sunlight.
Don't expose the tapes to the sun.
Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
Don't expose your skin to the sun for too long.
Don't fail in your daily duties.
Don't fail me, Tom.
Don't fail to be here at 7 o'clock sharp.
Don't fail to call me as soon as you arrive there.
Don't fail to call me back.
Don't fail to call me tomorrow.
Don't fail to call on me when you come this way.
Don't fail to come and see me one of these days.
Don't fail to come here by five.
Don't fail to come here by the appointed time.
Don't fail to learn these basic words by heart.
Don't fail to lock the door.
Don't fail to mail this letter.
Don't fail to return the book tomorrow.
Don't fail to write to me.
Don't faint!
Don't faint! Not until you sign the contract.
Don't fall apart now.
Don't fall asleep in the bathtub.
Don't fall asleep too soon.
Don't fall asleep.
Don't fall asleep. If you do, you'll die.
Don't fall asleep. If you fall asleep, you'll die.
Don't fall behind other companies!
Don't fall behind, Tom.
Don't fall for her scam.
Don't fall for his old tricks.
Don't fall for his scam.
Don't fall for his sugar-coated words.
Don't fall for it!
Don't fall for it.
Don't fall for that.
Don't fall for the scam!
Don't fall in love because we hate you still.
Don't fall in love with me.
Don't fall into Tom's trap.
Don't fall into her trap.
Don't fall off your chair.
Don't fall off!
Don't fall prey to Ziri's pity.
Don't fall prey to pity.
Don't fall, please.
Don't far in bed.
Don't fart in those pants! You haven't purchased them yet.
Don't fart so much.
Don't fawn on me. I don't like it.
Don't fawn over him!
Don't fear a dog, fear its owner.
Don't fear a knife, but fear a fork - because one stab can make four holes!
Don't fear being put upon. Fear instead being unable to help.
Don't fear death.
Don't fear life.
Don't fear slow progress, only stagnation.
Don't fear the future!
Don't fear the future.
Don't fear the love.
Don't fear the stinging of the thorns if you want to break the rose.
Don't fear them.
Don't fear your fear.
Don't fear! This way he certainly won't think that you've brought any contraband, and won't cause a holdup by checking over your luggage.
Don't fear.
Don't feed cats you don't know.
Don't feed the animals.
Don't feed the canary anything toxic for its health.
Don't feed the cat any human food, it's not good for her.
Don't feed the dog!
Don't feed the dog.
Don't feed the ducks.
Don't feed the giraffes.
Don't feed the kitten any human food, it's not good for them.
Don't feed the penguins, please.
Don't feed the pigeons, please.
Don't feed the pigeons.
Don't feed the potatoes.
Don't feed the troll!
Don't feed the troll.
Don't feed the trolls.
Don't feed the wildlife.
Don't feed this cat.
Don't feed this dog.
Don't feed those beasts!
Don't feed wild animals.
Don't feed wildlife. Human food can attract them and make them sick, a potentially dangerous situation for all.
Don't feed your parakeet any human food, it can be harmful.
Don't feel ashamed of yourselves.
Don't feel bad about what happened to Tom.
Don't feel bad because you're ugly; remember that you also don't have any friends.
Don't feel bad for being human.
Don't feel bad for him. He deserves it.
Don't feel bad.
Don't feel bad. Tom didn't give me a present either.
Don't feel embarrassed.
Don't feel embarrassed. These things happen.
Don't feel guilty for how you're feeling; your emotions are understandable and real.
Don't feel guilty for loving, since there's nothing wrong with it. Those who cheat on their loved ones are the wrong ones.
Don't feel guilty if you don't know what you want to do with your life. The most interesting people I know didn't know at 22 what they wanted to do with their lives. Some of the most interesting 40-year-olds I know still don't.
Don't feel insulted.
Don't feel like you need to take your time eating.
Don't feel obligated to talk if you don't want to.
Don't feel obligated.
Don't feel obliged to do that.
Don't feel obliged to go.
Don't feel sad or ill at ease.
Don't feel so bad.
Don't feel so bad. There's always someone worse off than you.
Don't feel so down. Go have something tasty and cheer up.
Don't feel sorry for Tom.
Don't feel sorry for me.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. We're all in the same boat.
Don't feel too bad.
Don't feel too sorry for Tom.
Don't feel too sorry for her.
Don't feel too sorry for him.
Don't feel too sorry for them.
Don't feel well!
Don't fell the young trees.
Don't fidget with your hair, Tom.
Don't fidget.
Don't fight fire with fire.
Don't fight in the kitchen.
Don't fight it. Just let yourself fall in love with me.
Don't fight me on this.
Don't fight with Tom.
Don't fight with me.
Don't fight!
Don't fight! It won't solve anything.
Don't fight, people!
Don't fight.
Don't figure on going abroad this summer.
Don't fill up your bowl with too much food.
Don't find fault with me.
Don't find fault with other people.
Don't find fault with others.
Don't find fault with your friend.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Don't find me.
Don't finish your thought.
Don't fire Tom.
Don't fire anyone.
Don't fire her.
Don't fire him.
Don't fire them.
Don't fire until I give the word.
Don't fire.
Don't fish in this river. It is not allowed.
Don't fish in this river. It's prohibited.
Don't fix it if it ain't broke.
Don't fix what ain't broke.
Don't fixate on that.
Don't fixate on the toxicity of your job.
Don't fixate on yourself. Help others instead.
Don't flatter yourself.
Don't flirt with me, Tom.
Don't flirt with my girlfriend.
Don't flirt with the customers.
Don't flush yet. They've cut off our water supply.
Don't flutter about like a hen, when you can soar to the heights of an eagle.
Don't fly off the handle.
Don't focus on negative things.
Don't focus on negative thoughts.
Don't focus on problems.
Don't focus on worst case scenarios.
Don't focus so much on Berber grammar.
Don't fold the towels like that.
Don't fold this document.
Don't follow Tom's advice.
Don't follow Tom's example.
Don't follow anybody blindly.
Don't follow fashion.
Don't follow her example.
Don't follow his advice.
Don't follow his example.
Don't follow me around.
Don't follow me.
Don't follow me. I'm lost myself.
Don't follow me. I'm lost, too.
Don't follow the trends.
Don't follow us!
Don't follow your father!
Don't fool around on your way home.
Don't fool around.
Don't fool yourself, Tom.
Don't fool yourself.
Don't fool yourself. He doesn't love you.
Don't fool yourselves.
Don't force CDs into the player, insert them gently.
Don't force Tom into anything.
Don't force Tom to do that if he doesn't want to.
Don't force Tom to do that.
Don't force Tom to eat.
Don't force it if you can't do it.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
Don't force it.
Don't force me do that again.
Don't force me to dance.
Don't force me to do that.
Don't force me to get really mad.
Don't force me to tell her I love her.
Don't force me!
Don't force the CD into the player.
Don't force the DVD into the player, be gentle.
Don't force the camel to do things he doesn't want to do.
Don't force the child to eat.
Don't force the parrot to eat if it doesn't seem interested.
Don't force us to do that.
Don't force your actions or be insincere; kids can always tell.
Don't force your baby to sleep.
Don't force your hedgehog to do things it doesn't like.
Don't force your kids to take music lessons.
Don't force your opinions on me.
Don't force yourself to do things that you don't like.
Don't force yourself to eat if you don't want to.
Don't force yourself to fit in where you don't belong.
Don't forget I expect you to be here on Monday.
Don't forget I lived in Australia for three years.
Don't forget I love you.
Don't forget I've been to Australia.
Don't forget I've been to Boston.
Don't forget Switzerland.
Don't forget Tom and Mary used to be married.
Don't forget Tom and me.
Don't forget Tom can't do that very well.
Don't forget Tom can't see very well.
Don't forget Tom can't understand French.
Don't forget Tom has a bad temper.
Don't forget Tom has no sense of humor.
Don't forget Tom is a vegetarian.
Don't forget Tom is allergic to peanuts.
Don't forget Tom is blind.
Don't forget Tom is colorblind.
Don't forget Tom is coming over for dinner this evening.
Don't forget Tom is deaf in one ear.
Don't forget Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
Don't forget Tom is going to need your help doing that.
Don't forget Tom is going to need your help.
Don't forget Tom is my brother.
Don't forget Tom will need your help doing that.
Don't forget Tom will need your help.
Don't forget Tom's exorcism is tomorrow.
Don't forget Tom.
Don't forget Western Sahara.
Don't forget Ziri.
Don't forget about Tom.
Don't forget about gravity.
Don't forget about me!
Don't forget about me.
Don't forget about money.
Don't forget about the meeting on Monday.
Don't forget about the party next week.
Don't forget about us!
Don't forget anything.
Don't forget birthdays.
Don't forget death.
Don't forget her.
Don't forget him.
Don't forget how to do it.
Don't forget it's hard to find work nowadays.
Don't forget it.
Don't forget me!
Don't forget me! I love you!
Don't forget me.
Don't forget my birthday.
Don't forget my diet Cola.
Don't forget my warning.
Don't forget our cat is part of the family too, and worth equal treatment.
Don't forget our date tomorrow.
Don't forget our plans for next weekend.
Don't forget our weekly meeting.
Don't forget put the toilet lid down when you're done using it.
Don't forget rule no. 72.
Don't forget rule number seventy-two.
Don't forget rule number three.
Don't forget smoking is bad for your health.
Don't forget that Anna passed an entire human body through her body.
Don't forget that I can fire you.
Don't forget that I can sack you.
Don't forget that I exist.
Don't forget that I have a lot more money than you do.
Don't forget that I have a lot more money than you.
Don't forget that I have much more money than you.
Don't forget that I helped you.
Don't forget that I lived in Australia for three years.
Don't forget that I love you.
Don't forget that I'm a person.
Don't forget that I've been to Australia.
Don't forget that Layla is also my niece.
Don't forget that Mary is ill!
Don't forget that Mary is ill.
Don't forget that Nan mustn't get upset!
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are blind.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner this evening.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are just kids.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary used to be married.
Don't forget that Tom can't do that very well.
Don't forget that Tom can't see very well.
Don't forget that Tom can't understand French.
Don't forget that Tom doesn't like you very much.
Don't forget that Tom doesn't understand French.
Don't forget that Tom has a bad temper.
Don't forget that Tom has a broken leg.
Don't forget that Tom has no sense of humor.
Don't forget that Tom is a Canadian.
Don't forget that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
Don't forget that Tom is blind.
Don't forget that Tom is colorblind.
Don't forget that Tom is coming over for dinner this evening.
Don't forget that Tom is deaf in one ear.
Don't forget that Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
Don't forget that Tom is going to need your help doing that.
Don't forget that Tom is going to need your help.
Don't forget that Tom is just a kid.
Don't forget that Tom is much stronger than you.
Don't forget that Tom is my brother.
Don't forget that Tom still loves you.
Don't forget that Tom was born in Australia.
Don't forget that Tom will need your help doing that.
Don't forget that Tom will need your help.
Don't forget that all of us are in the same boat.
Don't forget that animals sometimes can be human-like.
Don't forget that children shouldn't do things like that.
Don't forget that credit is also money.
Don't forget that deep down, cats are still wild animals.
Don't forget that families have their own internal dynamics.
Don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days.
Don't forget that it's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
Don't forget that it's hard to find a good job nowadays.
Don't forget that my uncle is coming to visit tomorrow.
Don't forget that she's a woman.
Don't forget that smoking is dangerous to your health.
Don't forget that the adjective must agree with its noun.
Don't forget that the clock is ticking.
Don't forget that there are exceptions.
Don't forget that tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Don't forget that tomorrow the book is to be returned.
Don't forget that we bought pomegranates.
Don't forget that we have a class tomorrow.
Don't forget that we have chores.
Don't forget that we have homework.
Don't forget that we have housework to do.
Don't forget that we have some studying to do at home.
Don't forget that we need a spare tire.
Don't forget that we need a spare tyre.
Don't forget that we'll play a very special acoustic show.
Don't forget that we're going to the amusement park this summer.
Don't forget that we've got that thing with Tom on Monday.
Don't forget that wrong conceptions lead to wrong conclusions.
Don't forget that you have clothes in the washing machine.
Don't forget that you have to do that today.
Don't forget that you need to buy some onions.
Don't forget that you need to do that today.
Don't forget that you need to pay your rent tomorrow.
Don't forget that you're guilty.
Don't forget that you're here to help.
Don't forget that you're spending my money.
Don't forget that, if you are on a diet, skipping breakfast will not help you.
Don't forget that.
Don't forget the accusative!
Don't forget the best one!
Don't forget the bottom line.
Don't forget the candles.
Don't forget the cream and sugar.
Don't forget the drinks.
Don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health.
Don't forget the full stop, please.
Don't forget the little blue pills.
Don't forget the milk.
Don't forget the money.
Don't forget the party tonight.
Don't forget the past.
Don't forget the punctuation.
Don't forget the receipt.
Don't forget the sunhat.
Don't forget the ticket.
Don't forget the wide-brimmed hat.
Don't forget them.
Don't forget there are exceptions.
Don't forget these.
Don't forget this.
Don't forget to add a little salt.
Don't forget to add a stamp.
Don't forget to add basil.
Don't forget to add comments to your code.
Don't forget to add me in.
Don't forget to add the tag "@change" to incorrect sentences.
Don't forget to answer his letter.
Don't forget to answer that letter.
Don't forget to answer the letter.
Don't forget to apologise.
Don't forget to apologize.
Don't forget to apply sunscreen to protect your skin.
Don't forget to ask Tom about that.
Don't forget to ask Tom to do that.
Don't forget to ask Tom what he's going to do.
Don't forget to ask after Mr Long's wife when you see him.
Don't forget to ask follow-up questions.
Don't forget to ask the sales assistant if the jumper will shrink in the wash.
Don't forget to ask the sales assistant whether the jumper will shrink in the wash.
Don't forget to ask the seller if the jumper can be put in with the washing.
Don't forget to attach your photo to the application form.
Don't forget to back up your important files, just in case.
Don't forget to be attentive to your little brother's needs.
Don't forget to be happy today!
Don't forget to be here by 2:30 tomorrow.
Don't forget to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Don't forget to bolt the door.
Don't forget to breathe while exercising.
Don't forget to breathe.
Don't forget to bring a camera.
Don't forget to bring a pen.
Don't forget to bring a pencil and eraser to school.
Don't forget to bring a raincoat!
Don't forget to bring a raincoat.
Don't forget to bring back the book!
Don't forget to bring back this book.
Don't forget to bring bug spray.
Don't forget to bring coriander, chili peppers, and ginger.
Don't forget to bring coriander, chilli peppers, and ginger.
Don't forget to bring insect repellent.
Don't forget to bring it, OK?
Don't forget to bring kitchen utensils such as knives and cooking pots.
Don't forget to bring that book back.
Don't forget to bring the book back.
Don't forget to bring the camera with you.
Don't forget to bring the mustard.
Don't forget to bring your bathing suit.
Don't forget to bring your canine companion.
Don't forget to bring your dog.
Don't forget to bring your football boots tomorrow.
Don't forget to bring your lunch on Saturday.
Don't forget to bring your lunch.
Don't forget to bring your mug to the meeting.
Don't forget to bring your student ID.
Don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains.
Don't forget to brush your teeth after a meal and before going to sleep.
Don't forget to brush your teeth and wash your hands.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before bedtime.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before going to bed.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before you go to bed.
Don't forget to brush your teeth in the morning.
Don't forget to brush your teeth.
Don't forget to buy Tom a present.
Don't forget to buy a present for Tom.
Don't forget to buy bread on the way back.
Don't forget to buy bread on your way home.
Don't forget to buy bread!
Don't forget to buy bread.
Don't forget to buy chicken.
Don't forget to buy condensed milk.
Don't forget to buy eggs.
Don't forget to buy milk on your way home.
Don't forget to buy milk.
Don't forget to buy more milk for your cereal.
Don't forget to buy paper plates.
Don't forget to buy some bread on the way home.
Don't forget to buy some bread on your way home.
Don't forget to buy some eggs, too.
Don't forget to buy some eggs.
Don't forget to buy some mayonnaise.
Don't forget to buy some milk.
Don't forget to buy the bread on your way home.
Don't forget to buy yeast when you go to the supermarket.
Don't forget to call Luc.
Don't forget to call Tom before 2:30.
Don't forget to call Tom tonight.
Don't forget to call Tom.
Don't forget to call her.
Don't forget to call him.
Don't forget to call me back.
Don't forget to call me tonight.
Don't forget to call me up tomorrow.
Don't forget to call me up tonight.
Don't forget to call me.
Don't forget to call them.
Don't forget to call us.
Don't forget to call your mom.
Don't forget to call your mother.
Don't forget to call your parents.
Don't forget to call.
Don't forget to change the cat litter.
Don't forget to change the flag. This is Berber, not German.
Don't forget to charge your cell phone.
Don't forget to check for any expired or empty containers in the pantry.
Don't forget to check for rashes and bruises.
Don't forget to check if there are any new messages on the school mural.
Don't forget to check the oil level.
Don't forget to check the tires.
Don't forget to check the turtle's shell for any signs of damage.
Don't forget to check your tires.
Don't forget to cite your sources.
Don't forget to clean behind the refrigerator.
Don't forget to clean the VCR regularly for better performance.
Don't forget to clean the fish tank today.
Don't forget to clean the fridge's door seals and handles.
Don't forget to clean the guinea pig's cage regularly.
Don't forget to clean the hamster's cage regularly, it's important.
Don't forget to clean the handles and grips of utensils, especially if they're sticky.
Don't forget to clean the knobs and control panel.
Don't forget to clean the oven's door and handle, as they can become dirty too.
Don't forget to clean the stovetop knobs and dials; they can get dirty too.
Don't forget to clean your room.
Don't forget to clean your tortoise's enclosure today.
Don't forget to clean your window for the party.
Don't forget to clean your windows for the party.
Don't forget to clear the table.
Don't forget to clock out before you leave work.
Don't forget to clock out.
Don't forget to close the bathroom door.
Don't forget to close the door after yourself when you leave.
Don't forget to close the door on your way out.
Don't forget to close the door!
Don't forget to close the door, it's chilly in here.
Don't forget to close the door.
Don't forget to close the fly of the tent after you enter.
Don't forget to close the fridge door tightly every time.
Don't forget to close the laptop properly when you're done.
Don't forget to close the tap after you're finished.
Don't forget to close the window, it's getting cold.
Don't forget to close the window.
Don't forget to close the windows.
Don't forget to come and pick me up at the train station.
Don't forget to come and see me tomorrow.
Don't forget to come at seven tomorrow.
Don't forget to come at the agreed time.
Don't forget to come at the agreed upon time.
Don't forget to come here at seven tomorrow.
Don't forget to come here tomorrow at seven.
Don't forget to come to my house.
Don't forget to comment, like and subscribe.
Don't forget to complete your assignments before dinner.
Don't forget to complete your user profile.
Don't forget to confirm your reservation in advance.
Don't forget to cool down after your workout.
Don't forget to count how many people attend.
Don't forget to count me in.
Don't forget to cross your t's.
Don't forget to disconnect.
Don't forget to disinfect it.
Don't forget to do it.
Don't forget to do that again, OK?
Don't forget to do that on Monday.
Don't forget to do that today before you go home.
Don't forget to do that, OK?
Don't forget to do that.
Don't forget to do this.
Don't forget to do what I asked.
Don't forget to do your fractions homework.
Don't forget to do your homework, OK?
Don't forget to do your homework, okay?
Don't forget to do your homework.
Don't forget to drink plenty of water to stay hydrated.
Don't forget to drink plenty of water.
Don't forget to drop over tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to dust the shelves and surfaces.
Don't forget to dust your shelves and wipe down surfaces regularly.
Don't forget to encode it first!
Don't forget to exercise your back muscles.
Don't forget to extinguish your cigarette.
Don't forget to fasten your safety belts.
Don't forget to fasten your seat belt.
Don't forget to fasten your seat belts.
Don't forget to fasten your seatbelt.
Don't forget to fasten your seatbelts.
Don't forget to feed the canary before you leave for school.
Don't forget to feed the cat before you go out to play.
Don't forget to feed the cat before you leave.
Don't forget to feed the chickens.
Don't forget to feed the dog.
Don't forget to feed the goldfish.
Don't forget to feed the rabbit before you go out.
Don't forget to feed the turtle every day.
Don't forget to feed your dog.
Don't forget to fill in the heading.
Don't forget to fill in the title.
Don't forget to fill in your name on the form.
Don't forget to fill in your user profile.
Don't forget to fill the tank with gasoline.
Don't forget to fill up the tank.
Don't forget to floss.
Don't forget to flush so the bathroom stays fresh.
Don't forget to flush the toilet when you're done.
Don't forget to flush the toilet.
Don't forget to flush.
Don't forget to follow my examples during your trip abroad.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook for updates and info on new releases.
Don't forget to follow us on social media.
Don't forget to get a receipt.
Don't forget to get vaccinated.
Don't forget to get your vaccinations.
Don't forget to give Tom some money.
Don't forget to give it back to Tom.
Don't forget to give my best regards to your lovely wife.
Don't forget to give the hamster toys and things to chew on.
Don't forget to give the parrot fresh water every day.
Don't forget to give the rabbit some playtime and exercise.
Don't forget to give this to Tom.
Don't forget to give us a ring when you arrive in Kyoto.
Don't forget to give your dog fresh water.
Don't forget to go see Tom tomorrow.
Don't forget to go see him tomorrow.
Don't forget to go shopping.
Don't forget to go talk to Tom this afternoon.
Don't forget to grab your toothbrush and toothpaste!
Don't forget to have fun and enjoy the process.
Don't forget to include me in the count.
Don't forget to invite Tom to the party.
Don't forget to invite Tom.
Don't forget to keep your pencil sharpened.
Don't forget to kiss Tom goodbye.
Don't forget to kiss your wife goodbye.
Don't forget to knock.
Don't forget to leave a tip.
Don't forget to let Cookie out.
Don't forget to let me know when it's time.
Don't forget to let the dog in.
Don't forget to like and subscribe.
Don't forget to like our video.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and share.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and turn on the bell notifications.
Don't forget to lock the door and leave the keys.
Don't forget to lock the door when leaving.
Don't forget to lock the door when you leave.
Don't forget to lock the door!
Don't forget to lock the door.
Don't forget to lock the windows.
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.
Don't forget to lock up.
Don't forget to lock your car doors.
Don't forget to lock your car.
Don't forget to lock your window before you leave.
Don't forget to log off.
Don't forget to log out.
Don't forget to mail the letter.
Don't forget to mail the letters.
Don't forget to mail this letter first thing in the morning.
Don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school.
Don't forget to mail this letter.
Don't forget to make an answer key.
Don't forget to make your bed in the morning.
Don't forget to meet me at the station.
Don't forget to mention this to Tom.
Don't forget to monitor the temperature and humidity in the tank.
Don't forget to mow the lawn.
Don't forget to open the window in your room.
Don't forget to open the window.
Don't forget to open your parachute!
Don't forget to pack a sweater.
Don't forget to pack sunscreen.
Don't forget to pack waterproof clothes.
Don't forget to pack your toothbrush.
Don't forget to pay the bill.
Don't forget to pay the electricity bill.
Don't forget to pay the gas bill.
Don't forget to pay the phone bill.
Don't forget to pay the rent.
Don't forget to pay your rent today.
Don't forget to pay your taxes!
Don't forget to pay your taxes.
Don't forget to phone him.
Don't forget to phone me tomorrow.
Don't forget to phone.
Don't forget to pick Tom up at 2:30.
Don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow.
Don't forget to pick me up at the station.
Don't forget to pick me up from the station.
Don't forget to pick me up tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to pick me up tomorrow.
Don't forget to pick the kids up after school.
Don't forget to polish your shoes before you go out!
Don't forget to post the letter.
Don't forget to post this letter.
Don't forget to post those letters for me.
Don't forget to preheat the oven before baking.
Don't forget to properly dispose of your food wrappers.
Don't forget to provide fresh water for your parakeet.
Don't forget to put Tom's name on the list.
Don't forget to put a period at the end of a sentence.
Don't forget to put a stamp on the letter.
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
Don't forget to put an accent mark!
Don't forget to put away your toys after you finish playing with them.
Don't forget to put it on your schedule.
Don't forget to put on some sunscreen.
Don't forget to put on stockings.
Don't forget to put on sunscreen.
Don't forget to put on your panties.
Don't forget to put on your pants.
Don't forget to put on your seatbelts.
Don't forget to put on your stockings.
Don't forget to put out the fire before you go.
Don't forget to put out the fire!
Don't forget to put out the fire.
Don't forget to put out the light before you go to bed.
Don't forget to put the cap back on the soda bottle so it doesn't go flat.
Don't forget to put the fire out.
Don't forget to put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Don't forget to put the toilet seat down after using it.
Don't forget to put your dictionary beside you.
Don't forget to read the small print.
Don't forget to read your books.
Don't forget to reapply sunscreen in a couple of hours.
Don't forget to recycle your empty cans and bottles.
Don't forget to regularly check for expired items in the refrigerator.
Don't forget to remind Tom to do that.
Don't forget to remind Tom to feed the dog.
Don't forget to remind him about the schedules because he is sometimes forgetful.
Don't forget to remind me of that.
Don't forget to remind me to do that.
Don't forget to remind me to renew my passport.
Don't forget to reply to her letter.
Don't forget to reply to his letter.
Don't forget to reply to that letter.
Don't forget to return my pen!
Don't forget to return my pen.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Don't forget to return the book tomorrow.
Don't forget to return your books.
Don't forget to ring him.
Don't forget to ring me tomorrow.
Don't forget to ring.
Don't forget to save your homework on the computer.
Don't forget to say "Thank you."
Don't forget to say "please" and "thank you".
Don't forget to say "please" and "thank you."
Don't forget to say goodbye.
Don't forget to say please.
Don't forget to say thank you.
Don't forget to seal the box well before sending it.
Don't forget to see me tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to send that letter.
Don't forget to send the letter.
Don't forget to send this letter.
Don't forget to set your alarm clock.
Don't forget to set your clocks back an hour.
Don't forget to shake your milk before pouring it.
Don't forget to shine your shoes before you go outside!
Don't forget to shut the bathroom door.
Don't forget to shut the door, it's freezing outside!
Don't forget to shut the door.
Don't forget to shut the doors before going out.
Don't forget to shut the gate.
Don't forget to sign it.
Don't forget to sign out.
Don't forget to sign the check before sending it.
Don't forget to sign the check.
Don't forget to sign the contract.
Don't forget to sign the document.
Don't forget to sign your name.
Don't forget to smile.
Don't forget to snuff out the candle on the coffee table before you go to bed.
Don't forget to speak to your son.
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
Don't forget to stir occasionally while making the soup.
Don't forget to stir the stew.
Don't forget to stir your tea before drinking.
Don't forget to stop by the supermarket on your way home.
Don't forget to subscribe to Ziri's YouTube channel.
Don't forget to subscribe to the channel.
Don't forget to support his head when you hold him.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen floor regularly to keep it clean.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen floor.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen.
Don't forget to switch off the TV when you're finished, okay?
Don't forget to switch off the light in the hallway before you leave.
Don't forget to switch the light off before you go to sleep.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Don't forget to take a camera.
Don't forget to take advantage of all the resources available on the Internet to help you improve your English. There are a lot of things like videos, music, audio files, films and other interesting things.
Don't forget to take along the camera.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case of rain.
Don't forget to take an umbrella with you.
Don't forget to take an umbrella.
Don't forget to take care of yourself.
Don't forget to take my things out of storage!
Don't forget to take my things out of the boot!
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
Don't forget to take the dog out for a walk.
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.
Don't forget to take the medicine the doctor gave you.
Don't forget to take warm clothes.
Don't forget to take your medication.
Don't forget to take your medicine.
Don't forget to take your meds.
Don't forget to take your money with you.
Don't forget to take your pills.
Don't forget to take your puppy out for regular walks.
Don't forget to take your stuff home.
Don't forget to take your things with you.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you go out.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave here.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave.
Don't forget to take your umbrella.
Don't forget to take your vitamins before you die.
Don't forget to take your vitamins.
Don't forget to talk to Tom about that tomorrow.
Don't forget to talk to Tom tomorrow.
Don't forget to talk to him tomorrow.
Don't forget to talk with him tomorrow.
Don't forget to taste your dish before serving it to others.
Don't forget to tell Mary not to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary she has to do that this week.
Don't forget to tell Mary she has to get home before 2:30.
Don't forget to tell Mary she needs to do that this week.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that by herself.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that if she doesn't want to.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that by herself.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that before 2:30.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that this week.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to get home before 2:30.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she needs to do that this week.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary to do that today.
Don't forget to tell Mary to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
Don't forget to tell Tom he has to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom not to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom that he has to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom that.
Don't forget to tell Tom this.
Don't forget to tell Tom to do that today.
Don't forget to tell Tom to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom what he needs to do.
Don't forget to tell Tom what time he's supposed to be here tomorrow.
Don't forget to tell Tom what time the meeting's going to start.
Don't forget to tell Tom what you expect him to do.
Don't forget to tell Tom your plans.
Don't forget to tell Tom.
Don't forget to tell her that.
Don't forget to tell her.
Don't forget to tell him that.
Don't forget to tell him.
Don't forget to tell the porter to carry our luggage.
Don't forget to tell them.
Don't forget to thank Tom for his help.
Don't forget to thank Tom for the gift.
Don't forget to thank Tom for what he did for you.
Don't forget to thank Tom.
Don't forget to think before speaking.
Don't forget to think before you speak.
Don't forget to throw away your empty snack wrappers.
Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
Don't forget to tip the waiter.
Don't forget to turn left near the drugstore and you will see a big church on the right.
Don't forget to turn off all the lights before going to bed.
Don't forget to turn off all the lights when you leave.
Don't forget to turn off the TV before you go to sleep.
Don't forget to turn off the TV or video games when you're finished.
Don't forget to turn off the blender before removing the lid.
Don't forget to turn off the faucet while brushing.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before going out.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before leaving the house.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house.
Don't forget to turn off the heater.
Don't forget to turn off the kitchen lights.
Don't forget to turn off the light before you go to sleep.
Don't forget to turn off the light.
Don't forget to turn off the lights before you go out.
Don't forget to turn off the lights.
Don't forget to turn off the stove before leaving the kitchen.
Don't forget to turn off the stove when you leave.
Don't forget to turn off the stove.
Don't forget to turn off your headlights.
Don't forget to turn the A/C on after you close the window.
Don't forget to turn the faucet off.
Don't forget to turn the light off when you leave.
Don't forget to turn the light off.
Don't forget to turn the lights off.
Don't forget to update your laptop's antivirus software.
Don't forget to vote in the upcoming elections.
Don't forget to vote.
Don't forget to wake me up at 6:30 tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to wake me up tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to warm up before starting any physical activity.
Don't forget to warm up your joints before exercising.
Don't forget to warm up your muscles before stretching.
Don't forget to wash behind your ears.
Don't forget to wash the pots and pans, inside and out.
Don't forget to wash up after using the restroom.
Don't forget to wash your hands after handling garbage.
Don't forget to wash your hands after petting animals.
Don't forget to wash your hands when you come home from school, darling.
Don't forget to wash your hands, it's a simple way to stay healthy.
Don't forget to wash your hands.
Don't forget to water the flowers in the garden twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening.
Don't forget to water the flowers.
Don't forget to water the plants!
Don't forget to water the plants.
Don't forget to wear a belt.
Don't forget to wear a hat and sunglasses.
Don't forget to wear a hat.
Don't forget to wear a tie.
Don't forget to wind up your watch.
Don't forget to wind your watch up.
Don't forget to wipe down the faucet and handles in the kitchen.
Don't forget to wipe the kitchen countertops.
Don't forget to wipe the windows.
Don't forget to wish Tom a happy birthday.
Don't forget to worship Tom today.
Don't forget to write me.
Don't forget to write the date.
Don't forget to write the post code.
Don't forget to write the postal code!
Don't forget to write the postcode.
Don't forget to write the zip code.
Don't forget to write to Tom.
Don't forget to write to me.
Don't forget to write to us.
Don't forget to write your name on the list.
Don't forget to write.
Don't forget to zip up your tent to keep bugs out.
Don't forget tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Don't forget us!
Don't forget us.
Don't forget we have to do our homework.
Don't forget we need a spare tire.
Don't forget we need a spare tyre.
Don't forget what I just told you.
Don't forget what I said.
Don't forget what I told you yesterday.
Don't forget what I told you.
Don't forget what I've told you.
Don't forget what the boss said.
Don't forget what you need.
Don't forget where you are.
Don't forget where you hid your snacks.
Don't forget where you put it.
Don't forget who you are!
Don't forget who you are.
Don't forget who your friends are.
Don't forget who's been doing most of the work here.
Don't forget who's doing the real work here.
Don't forget you have clothes in the washing machine.
Don't forget you have to do that today.
Don't forget you need to do that today.
Don't forget you need to pay your rent tomorrow.
Don't forget you're speaking to your future queen.
Don't forget you're spending my money.
Don't forget you're voting by secret ballot.
Don't forget your ID, so that you can attend the concert tomorrow.
Don't forget your bag.
Don't forget your bathing suit.
Don't forget your change.
Don't forget your cigarettes and lighter.
Don't forget your coat!
Don't forget your coat.
Don't forget your costume.
Don't forget your friends.
Don't forget your gloves. It's cold.
Don't forget your hat.
Don't forget your ice skates.
Don't forget your jacket.
Don't forget your keys.
Don't forget your lunch.
Don't forget your lunchbox.
Don't forget your math textbook again.
Don't forget your money.
Don't forget your mother's birthday!
Don't forget your parental duties.
Don't forget your passport.
Don't forget your passports.
Don't forget your phone.
Don't forget your pocket money.
Don't forget your promise.
Don't forget your punctuation.
Don't forget your purse.
Don't forget your reading glasses.
Don't forget your sleeping bag.
Don't forget your spending money.
Don't forget your stick.
Don't forget your student ID.
Don't forget your stuff.
Don't forget your sunglasses, just in case.
Don't forget your sunglasses.
Don't forget your sunscreen.
Don't forget your sweater.
Don't forget your swimming trunks.
Don't forget your things.
Don't forget your ticket!
Don't forget your ticket.
Don't forget your toothbrush.
Don't forget your towel.
Don't forget your umbrella.
Don't forget your water bottle.
Don't forget!
Don't forget, Tom is now thirty years old.
Don't forget, bring it.
Don't forget, no one knows everything.
Don't forget.
Don't forget: no one knows everything.
Don't forgive her.
Don't forsake me!
Don't fraternize with the help.
Don't fraternize with your employees.
Don't freak out.
Don't freak out. It's just a tiny spider.
Don't frequent those.
Don't fret about it.
Don't fret too much, okay?
Don't fret too much.
Don't fret, honey; we'll fix it.
Don't fret.
Don't frighten him by looking at him too hard.
Don't fritter away your allowance.
Don't fritter your life away.
Don't fritter your newly earned money away!
Don't frot against people in the bus.
Don't frown.
Don't fry bacon naked!
Don't fuck it up!
Don't fuck with Tom.
Don't fuck with me!
Don't fuck with me.
Don't fuck with the IRS.
Don't fucking lie to me.
Don't fumble with anything during an interview.
Don't fuss.
Don't gamble with other people's money.
Don't gang up against your sister.
Don't gawk at me.
Don't generalize about an entire group of people just because you had some bad experiences.
Don't generalize your personal problems.
Don't get Tom's hopes up.
Don't get a dog riled up. He might bite you.
Don't get a stomachache by eating too much.
Don't get agitated. It's nothing.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
Don't get all annoying like mom.
Don't get all bent out of shape over little things. A short temper can make you poor.
Don't get all high and mighty.
Don't get all hoity-toity with me.
Don't get all mushy on me.
Don't get all petulant and whiny.
Don't get all philosophical on me, now.
Don't get all tied up in knots.
Don't get all worked up over the price!
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.
Don't get angry at me!
Don't get angry with Tom.
Don't get angry with her.
Don't get angry with him.
Don't get angry with them.
Don't get angry!
Don't get angry, OK?
Don't get angry, Tom.
Don't get angry.
Don't get angry. It won't help you.
Don't get any funny ideas.
Don't get any ideas.
Don't get any stupid ideas.
Don't get anywhere near that man.
Don't get behind a wheel after drinking.
Don't get carried away and overeat.
Don't get carried away.
Don't get caught clock watching.
Don't get caught up in lies.
Don't get caught up in the past.
Don't get caught up in what didn't happen.
Don't get caught.
Don't get cheeky with me.
Don't get close to me.
Don't get cocky.
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
Don't get cute with me.
Don't get defensive right away.
Don't get defensive.
Don't get defensive. I'm not blaming you.
Don't get discouraged if you fail.
Don't get discouraged if you should fail.
Don't get discouraged in this process.
Don't get discouraged through this process.
Don't get discouraged.
Don't get distracted!
Don't get distracted.
Don't get dragged into any office drama.
Don't get drunk and, please, stop using those fuckin' bangers or my very bad and angry cat will scratch you all!
Don't get drunk at the party!
Don't get drunk.
Don't get emotional about it.
Don't get emotional.
Don't get everybody confused.
Don't get excessively angry.
Don't get excited about such a thing.
Don't get excited.
Don't get excited. It's nothing.
Don't get fat.
Don't get fooled by his friendly demeanor, he's not friendly in the slightest!
Don't get fooled.
Don't get greedy and eat too much.
Don't get greedy.
Don't get her confused.
Don't get high and mighty with me.
Don't get high on your own supply.
Don't get him confused.
Don't get hold of the wrong end of the stick - you want to eliminate the dupes up front, not process them faster.
Don't get home until after 2:30.
Don't get hung up on numbers like that. Numerology is no more than a pseudoscience.
Don't get hysterical.
Don't get in a car with strangers!
Don't get in anyone's way.
Don't get in my way.
Don't get in my way. I'm busy.
Don't get in people's way.
Don't get in the car.
Don't get in the way.
Don't get into Tom's way!
Don't get into a car with a stranger.
Don't get into any mischief!
Don't get into any mischief.
Don't get into it.
Don't get into trouble.
Don't get involved in affairs that are of no concern to you!
Don't get involved in other people's business.
Don't get involved in our fight!
Don't get involved with bad men.
Don't get involved with that guy.
Don't get involved with that guy. I'm worried that he might cheat you.
Don't get involved with those people.
Don't get involved.
Don't get it confused.
Don't get it dirty!
Don't get it wrong.
Don't get kids involved in adult drag shows.
Don't get killed.
Don't get left behind.
Don't get lost in the details.
Don't get lost in the fog.
Don't get lost once again.
Don't get lost yet again.
Don't get lost, please.
Don't get lost.
Don't get mad at Tom.
Don't get mad at me.
Don't get mad at us.
Don't get mad!
Don't get mad, OK?
Don't get mad, okay?
Don't get mad.
Don't get mad. Get even.
Don't get married.
Don't get me caught up in the mix.
Don't get me confused.
Don't get me flowers anymore.
Don't get me involved in this.
Don't get me involved.
Don't get me started on average speed cameras. Why don't they shell out some cash for really good speed cameras?
Don't get me started!
Don't get me started.
Don't get me talking about French.
Don't get me wrong here.
Don't get me wrong, I know that at the end of the day it's still Spanish, but there are a lot of words used in Spain that aren't used in Latin America.
Don't get me wrong, I like a good slice of pizza as much as the next person but 5 dollars a slice seems insane!
Don't get me wrong, I love who I am. I don't want to be ungrateful. I love the role that I play, the songs that I sing, but with all the fame; the simplest things, seem so far out of reach. I wish that they could see that I'm just an ordinary girl.
Don't get me wrong, I'm just saying.
Don't get me wrong, Tom.
Don't get me wrong, Yanni.
Don't get me wrong, but she likes you as a friend.
Don't get me wrong, we're not promising you anything.
Don't get me wrong.
Don't get me wrong. It's interesting work, but it isn't permanent.
Don't get me wrong. Tom is the best person for the job.
Don't get me wrong. What you're doing isn't wrong. It's just not very useful at this time.
Don't get me wrong; I appreciate your offer.
Don't get mixed up in that.
Don't get mixed up with those people.
Don't get near that dog.
Don't get nervous.
Don't get off the bus till it stops.
Don't get off the train before it has stopped.
Don't get off the train till it stops.
Don't get off while the vehicle is in motion.
Don't get old no matter how long you live. Never stop standing like a curious child before the great miracle into which we are born.
Don't get older, get wiser.
Don't get on my nerves!
Don't get on my nerves.
Don't get on the train yet.
Don't get on this train.
Don't get out of practice.
Don't get out over your skis.
Don't get overconfident.
Don't get panicky.
Don't get paranoid.
Don't get personal.
Don't get pushed into a corner. Fight back!
Don't get pushed into that.
Don't get ridiculous.
Don't get rough with Tom.
Don't get rough with her.
Don't get rough with him.
Don't get rough with them.
Don't get run over.
Don't get sassy with me young lady!
Don't get scammed.
Don't get scared.
Don't get sentimental.
Don't get side tracked.
Don't get sidetracked.
Don't get smart with me, or you'll get a black eye!
Don't get smart with me.
Don't get smart.
Don't get so angry.
Don't get so carried away.
Don't get so emotional.
Don't get so excited!
Don't get so excited.
Don't get so irritated. Rushing things will cost you more time in the end.
Don't get so nervous. There is plenty of time to answer all the questions.
Don't get so riled up.
Don't get so sentimental, Tom.
Don't get steamed up.
Don't get stressed. Try again.
Don't get stroppy with me!
Don't get stuck in a rut.
Don't get such a big head just because you won the tournament. There's many others in the world who are just as good as you.
Don't get sucked into Ziri's negative emotional spiral.
Don't get taken in by their advertising; I don't see how they can sell something like that for that price.
Don't get that close to the fire.
Don't get that. It's not the best quality.
Don't get the dog used to eating at the table.
Don't get the phone wet.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Don't get them confused.
Don't get them mixed up.
Don't get thrown out.
Don't get tired of studying.
Don't get too attached to Ziri.
Don't get too carried away by his natural joy for life, he is in fact a pretty sad person behind the scenes.
Don't get too carried away with your arrogance.
Don't get too carried away.
Don't get too close because if you do, it will cost you your life.
Don't get too close to the bonfire.
Don't get too close to the dead body, it is still in a state of decay.
Don't get too close to the edge.
Don't get too close to the fire, it can be dangerous.
Don't get too close to the lion's cage, it's dangerous.
Don't get too close with him.
Don't get too close.
Don't get too cocky.
Don't get too comfortable.
Don't get too elaborate.
Don't get too emotional.
Don't get too excited.
Don't get too familiar.
Don't get too fat!
Don't get too hopeful.
Don't get too near.
Don't get too relaxed about it.
Don't get too set in your ways.
Don't get too used to it.
Don't get tricked.
Don't get up too quickly.
Don't get up.
Don't get upset about small things. Try to think of things like a rich person who can afford not to argue.
Don't get upset!
Don't get upset.
Don't get us confused.
Don't get wise.
Don't get worked up.
Don't get your dander up, but I have bad news to tell you.
Don't get your hopes up too high.
Don't get your hopes up too much.
Don't get your hopes up!
Don't get your hopes up.
Don't get your jacket dirty.
Don't get your knickers in a twist!
Don't get your new pants dirty.
Don't get your panties in a bunch.
Don't get yourself involved in that.
Don't get yourself killed.
Don't get yourself worked up.
Don't get yourself wound up.
Don't get yourselves killed.
Don't give Tom a reason to say no.
Don't give Tom all the credit.
Don't give Tom any ideas.
Don't give Tom any more candy.
Don't give Tom any more sweets.
Don't give Tom anything else.
Don't give Tom anything to drink.
Don't give Tom anything to eat or drink.
Don't give Tom anything to eat.
Don't give Tom false hope, please.
Don't give Tom ideas.
Don't give Tom more money than he needs.
Don't give Tom more money than is absolutely necessary.
Don't give Tom more money than is necessary.
Don't give Tom my address.
Don't give Tom my car.
Don't give Tom my number.
Don't give Tom my phone number.
Don't give Tom my telephone number, please.
Don't give Tom that job. He isn't qualified enough for it.
Don't give Tom that.
Don't give Tom too much credit.
Don't give Tom what he wants.
Don't give Tom what he's asking for.
Don't give Tom your email address.
Don't give Tom your number.
Don't give Ziri your Instagram handle.
Don't give a child more money than is necessary.
Don't give alcohol to children.
Don't give all the credit to Tom.
Don't give any more candy to Tom.
Don't give any names.
Don't give any of these things to your kids.
Don't give anyone else this number.
Don't give anyone my phone number.
Don't give anyone our address.
Don't give anything else to Tom.
Don't give anything more to that man!
Don't give away all my secrets.
Don't give away all your secrets.
Don't give away everything you own.
Don't give away my possessions!
Don't give away my secret.
Don't give away too much.
Don't give candy to my children.
Don't give fish to a poor man; teach him how to fish.
Don't give her any ideas.
Don't give her what she wants.
Don't give her your number.
Don't give him a reason to do that.
Don't give him an inch.
Don't give him any ideas.
Don't give him any of that soup.
Don't give him any sugar.
Don't give him anything, he has already got enough.
Don't give him chocolate.
Don't give him money.
Don't give him more money than is necessary.
Don't give him my address.
Don't give him my email address.
Don't give him my first name.
Don't give him my full name.
Don't give him my last name.
Don't give him my phone number.
Don't give him too much candy.
Don't give him too much consideration.
Don't give him too much importance.
Don't give him what he wants.
Don't give him your number.
Don't give in to Tom's demands.
Don't give in to blackmail.
Don't give in to despair just because you didn't get into the college that was at the top of your wish-list.
Don't give in to peer pressure.
Don't give in to temptation.
Don't give in to these demands.
Don't give in too soon.
Don't give in without a fight.
Don't give in.
Don't give into fear.
Don't give it a second thought.
Don't give it a thought.
Don't give it another thought.
Don't give it away.
Don't give it to Tom yet.
Don't give it to Tom.
Don't give it to Tom. Give it to Mary.
Don't give it to Tom. He doesn't deserve that.
Don't give it to anyone.
Don't give it to her.
Don't give it to him.
Don't give it to him. Give it to me.
Don't give it to me!
Don't give me a call.
Don't give me a thing.
Don't give me an attitude.
Don't give me any back talk either.
Don't give me any guff, just start now and tell me when you're done.
Don't give me any hints.
Don't give me any ideas.
Don't give me any lip.
Don't give me any more trouble.
Don't give me any.
Don't give me anything.
Don't give me such a sad look.
Don't give me that book. Give me the other one.
Don't give me that crap!
Don't give me that excuse.
Don't give me that gun. I don't want to do this.
Don't give me that lip.
Don't give me that look, please.
Don't give me that look.
Don't give me that nonsense, Manuel! Are you a man or aren't you? Well then, stop looking for excuses and do what you must do: hunt a wild boar to feed your family and prove your manliness to your fiancée.
Don't give me that sad look.
Don't give me that sour look.
Don't give me that!
Don't give me that, Tom.
Don't give me that.
Don't give me the method or the reason.
Don't give me those puppy eyes. You know I can't handle them.
Don't give me what I want.
Don't give money to anyone.
Don't give my sister any more gifts.
Don't give puberty blockers to children.
Don't give some moralizing discourse.
Don't give someone fish. Teach them to fish.
Don't give that to Tom.
Don't give that to anyone.
Don't give the award to Tom. He doesn't deserve it.
Don't give the baby anything to eat without asking me.
Don't give the dog any.
Don't give the dog anything to eat.
Don't give the dog human food.
Don't give the dog table scraps.
Don't give the matter another thought.
Don't give the rabbit any harmful food, stick to their diet.
Don't give the secret away to anyone.
Don't give the time of day to what Tom says.
Don't give the tulips too much water, otherwise their heads will droop.
Don't give them a response.
Don't give them any ideas.
Don't give them anything.
Don't give them false hope.
Don't give them money.
Don't give them my number.
Don't give them time to prepare.
Don't give them to Tom.
Don't give them to her!
Don't give them to her.
Don't give them to him!
Don't give them to him.
Don't give them your number.
Don't give this to anybody.
Don't give up English.
Don't give up halfway.
Don't give up hope yet.
Don't give up hope, Tom.
Don't give up hope.
Don't give up if you fail.
Don't give up learning Berber.
Don't give up like that.
Don't give up now, I know you can do it!
Don't give up now, Tom.
Don't give up now.
Don't give up on Tom, please.
Don't give up on anyone.
Don't give up on love.
Don't give up on me.
Don't give up on me. I promise I'll be good.
Don't give up on your dream.
Don't give up on your dreams.
Don't give up on yourself.
Don't give up so close to the finish line.
Don't give up so easily.
Don't give up the fight.
Don't give up too early.
Don't give up too soon.
Don't give up without a fight.
Don't give up yet.
Don't give up yet. I'm sure you can do it.
Don't give up your day job.
Don't give up your dream! Live your dream!
Don't give up your work in despair.
Don't give up!
Don't give up, ever.
Don't give up.
Don't give up. Stick with the job.
Don't give up. You may lose today and win tomorrow.
Don't give up. You still have a chance.
Don't give us orders.
Don't give way to their request.
Don't give your kids phones with Internet access.
Don't give yourself airs.
Don't gloat.
Don't glower at me.
Don't gnaw your nails!
Don't go above five rubles.
Don't go above the speed limit.
Don't go acting like a big shot when you're just a small fry.
Don't go after her, man. It's just not worth it.
Don't go after me, please.
Don't go against his wishes.
Don't go against the rules.
Don't go against your father.
Don't go alone at any time in the park.
Don't go anywhere alone, OK?
Don't go anywhere alone.
Don't go anywhere just yet. Wait until I get there.
Don't go anywhere near that room.
Don't go anywhere with Tom.
Don't go anywhere without Tom.
Don't go anywhere without her.
Don't go anywhere without him.
Don't go anywhere without me.
Don't go anywhere without telling me.
Don't go anywhere without them.
Don't go anywhere without us.
Don't go anywhere, OK?
Don't go anywhere.
Don't go around assuming things.
Don't go around breaking young girls' hearts.
Don't go away mad.
Don't go away!
Don't go away.
Don't go away. Stay here with me.
Don't go away. You're not bothering us.
Don't go away. You're welcome here.
Don't go back on your promise.
Don't go back to Rome!
Don't go back to sleep!
Don't go back to the village.
Don't go barefoot.
Don't go beyond the permitted maximum speed!
Don't go beyond the speed limit.
Don't go by this dangerous path anymore.
Don't go by what the newspapers say.
Don't go crazy.
Don't go deep into explanation.
Don't go down before such a man.
Don't go down that road.
Don't go down there.
Don't go easy on me.
Don't go far away from me. Who knows what may happen?
Don't go faster than your guardian angel can fly.
Don't go for a walk naked!
Don't go further down that road.
Don't go further; there may be land mines there.
Don't go home yet.
Don't go home.
Don't go if you don't want to.
Don't go in my room.
Don't go in that building.
Don't go in that room.
Don't go in the kitchen!
Don't go in the kitchen.
Don't go in the water, since there's a huge undercurrent today.
Don't go in there, Mom. It's a one-way street.
Don't go in there, Tom.
Don't go in there, it's a dead-end street.
Don't go in there.
Don't go in there. Mary is taking a shower.
Don't go in.
Don't go into any more detail.
Don't go into anyone's house, just stay on the porch.
Don't go into my room in the evening.
Don't go into my room.
Don't go into that area.
Don't go into that room.
Don't go into the details.
Don't go into the jungle alone.
Don't go into this drawing room now.
Don't go looking for a mistake; look for the answer.
Don't go looking for something you don't want to find.
Don't go looking for trouble.
Don't go near Tom.
Don't go near her.
Don't go near him.
Don't go near that dog.
Don't go near that room.
Don't go near that!
Don't go near that.
Don't go near the beehive!
Don't go near the border.
Don't go near the bulldog. You wouldn't want him to bite you.
Don't go near the cave.
Don't go near the dog.
Don't go near the dogs.
Don't go near the edge.
Don't go near the fire.
Don't go near the fireplace, it's risky.
Don't go near the flames, they can cause serious injuries.
Don't go near the lava.
Don't go near the water until you learn how to swim.
Don't go near the water without an adult.
Don't go near the well, it's important for your safety.
Don't go near the well, it's not a place to explore.
Don't go near the well, it's not safe.
Don't go near them.
Don't go near this dog.
Don't go off willy-nilly. Let's make a plan.
Don't go off without saying good-by.
Don't go on foot.
Don't go on rides that you're not tall enough for.
Don't go onto the crossing when the alarm is ringing.
Don't go onto the railroad crossing when the alarm starts going off.
Don't go out after dark.
Don't go out after it gets dark.
Don't go out alone late at night.
Don't go out alone.
Don't go out at night.
Don't go out because it is cold.
Don't go out if the weather isn't good.
Don't go out in the rain. You'll catch a cold.
Don't go out in this heat with a bare head.
Don't go out in this heat without covering your head.
Don't go out in this heat without wearing a hat.
Don't go out into the open.
Don't go out now.
Don't go out now. We're about to have lunch.
Don't go out of your way.
Don't go out that door unless you want to be torn to shreds by a pack of rabid grammarians.
Don't go out the front.
Don't go out there, it's raining.
Don't go out there.
Don't go out today.
Don't go out tonight.
Don't go out with Tom.
Don't go out with her.
Don't go out with him.
Don't go out with someone who quits right away.
Don't go out without an umbrella.
Don't go out, as it's raining.
Don't go out, because it's cold!
Don't go out, come back to yourself. In the inner man dwells the truth.
Don't go outside.
Don't go outside. It is raining.
Don't go outside. It's raining hard.
Don't go outside. It's raining pretty hard out there.
Don't go outside. It's raining.
Don't go over the railway tracks!
Don't go over the speed limit.
Don't go over the top with too much flattery.
Don't go over there.
Don't go overboard.
Don't go past the traffic light in red!
Don't go picking the flowers in the flower bed, or else you'll be caught.
Don't go praising yourself.
Don't go reminding me.
Don't go shopping while you're hungry.
Don't go so fast!
Don't go so fast! Wait for me!
Don't go so fast.
Don't go straight!
Don't go swimming because the undertow is strong today.
Don't go telling strangers your name, even if they ask you what it is.
Don't go texting or checking emails while you are in the middle of a conversation.
Don't go that fast.
Don't go that way, go this way!
Don't go that way, take the route under the flyover instead.
Don't go there alone.
Don't go there anymore.
Don't go there by yourself.
Don't go there if you don't want to meet Tom.
Don't go there if you don't want to.
Don't go there now.
Don't go there unless you want to meet Tom.
Don't go there without Tom.
Don't go there!
Don't go there.
Don't go there. Stay here.
Don't go through the lobby.
Don't go through this tunnel.
Don't go to Algeria.
Don't go to Boston.
Don't go to Boston; there are zombies everywhere.
Don't go to Tom now.
Don't go to Tom's place, please.
Don't go to Tom's place. He could hurt you.
Don't go to Warsaw with them.
Don't go to all this trouble.
Don't go to any trouble.
Don't go to build temples in Vietnam.
Don't go to college.
Don't go to extremes.
Don't go to extremes. To be moderate is important in anything.
Don't go to illegal meetings.
Don't go to places like that at night.
Don't go to sleep with the light on.
Don't go to sleep. If you do, you'll die.
Don't go to such a place at night.
Don't go to that kind of a place at night.
Don't go to that kind of place at night.
Don't go to that store, they'll rip you off for sure.
Don't go to the mall without us.
Don't go to the post office.
Don't go to tizi mennus.
Don't go to university just because it's what you're supposed to do.
Don't go toe to toe with a narcissist.
Don't go too close to the dog without asking the owner!
Don't go too close to the pond so that you won't fall in.
Don't go too deep into the water if you're not a confident swimmer.
Don't go too early.
Don't go too far afield.
Don't go too far ahead of me.
Don't go too far ahead of us.
Don't go too far away from camp.
Don't go too far away.
Don't go too far from the shore, it's harder to swim back.
Don't go too far into the woods.
Don't go too far out.
Don't go too far!
Don't go too far.
Don't go too near the dog for fear it should bite you.
Don't go too near the fire.
Don't go up the stairs by threes.
Don't go up there.
Don't go walking in the park at night!
Don't go wandering off.
Don't go without a hat.
Don't go without me.
Don't go without us.
Don't go work as a teacher in Uganda.
Don't go yet!
Don't go yet, please.
Don't go yet.
Don't go!
Don't go! It's too far. Anyway, you won't make it.
Don't go, Tom.
Don't go, dears.
Don't go, my dears.
Don't go, my friends.
Don't go, please.
Don't go.
Don't go. I need you.
Don't go. It's not safe.
Don't go. Stay here with me.
Don't gobble all the food up before I get back.
Don't gossip about other people.
Don't gossip.
Don't grasp the light bulb too tightly.
Don't grieve about your past errors.
Don't grieve over something irreparable.
Don't grieve.
Don't grin at me!
Don't gripe about petty stuff like this!
Don't grovel.
Don't grow old, grow wise!
Don't grow too fond of Tom.
Don't grow up to be like me.
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
Don't grow up. It's a trap.
Don't grumble.
Don't haggle over a small sum of money.
Don't hand in an essay with spelling, punctuation, grammatical or printing errors.
Don't handle my books with dirty hands.
Don't handle the merchandise.
Don't handle the tools roughly.
Don't handle these tools roughly.
Don't hang all over her like that in public.
Don't hang on or climb over the pool's safety barriers.
Don't hang out around here.
Don't hang out with Tom.
Don't hang out with her.
Don't hang out with him.
Don't hang out with people like that.
Don't hang out with people that easily give up.
Don't hang out with them.
Don't hang that bag on the towel rack.
Don't hang up and wait a minute, please.
Don't hang up the laundry yet.
Don't hang up the phone.
Don't hang up yet, please.
Don't hang up!
Don't hang up, I haven't finished yet.
Don't hang up, but hold on please.
Don't hang up, please.
Don't hang up.
Don't hang up; I haven't finished talking to you.
Don't hang your backpack on the damn towel rack!
Don't hang your head in shame like that; it isn't that bad.
Don't harass Tom.
Don't harass her.
Don't harass him.
Don't harass them.
Don't harm anyone.
Don't harm me, I won't harm you.
Don't harm them.
Don't hate anyone for what has happened.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
Don't hate me because I'm ugly.
Don't hate me because of my job.
Don't hate me because of who my father is.
Don't hate me for my mom.
Don't hate me for that.
Don't hate me for this.
Don't hate me!
Don't hate me.
Don't hate people; at most, hate their actions and attitudes.
Don't hate something that you don't understand.
Don't hate that which you don't know.
Don't hate the player. Hate the game.
Don't hate what you don't understand!
Don't hate what you don't understand.
Don't hate yourself.
Don't have Tom repair your car.
Don't have a cow.
Don't have a fit!
Don't have a friend who always agrees with you, but have a friend who argues with you.
Don't have a house, have a neighbour.
Don't have a television?
Don't have any visitors.
Don't have any worries on my account.
Don't have anything to do with him. He is completely untrustworthy.
Don't have me on!
Don't heckle comedians.
Don't heckle comics.
Don't heckle during the show. It's a monologue, not a dialogue.
Don't help Tom.
Don't help a woman in public. You'll look suspicious.
Don't help her!
Don't help her.
Don't help him!
Don't help him.
Don't help me.
Don't help me. I want to do this by myself.
Don't help them.
Don't help.
Don't hesitate if you need something.
Don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand.
Don't hesitate to ask for advice.
Don't hesitate to ask for help if you need it.
Don't hesitate to ask for information.
Don't hesitate to ask if you don't understand something.
Don't hesitate to ask if you need help.
Don't hesitate to ask if you need something.
Don't hesitate to ask if you want anything.
Don't hesitate to ask if you wish to know something!
Don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
Don't hesitate to ask me for help.
Don't hesitate to ask me questions.
Don't hesitate to ask me.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand something.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand.
Don't hesitate to ask questions.
Don't hesitate to ask your teacher a question.
Don't hesitate to ask.
Don't hesitate to call if you need me.
Don't hesitate to call me if you need anything.
Don't hesitate to complain.
Don't hesitate to give me a call!
Don't hesitate to reach out if you need someone to talk to or just spend time with.
Don't hesitate to send a note if you observe an error.
Don't hesitate to send me an e-mail if you have any questions.
Don't hesitate to speak just because I am your elder.
Don't hesitate to take the opportunity to propose to her.
Don't hesitate to tell me if there is anything you would like to eat.
Don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything.
Don't hesitate!
Don't hesitate, do it!
Don't hesitate.
Don't hesitate. I will protect you forever.
Don't hesitate. Speak out.
Don't hide behind that.
Don't hide behind your desk.
Don't hide in there.
Don't hide under the bed.
Don't hide your face.
Don't hide your head in the sand.
Don't hide.
Don't hide. Be responsible and face up to the mess you've made.
Don't hike in sneakers. They don't protect and cushion your feet.
Don't hike solo.
Don't hinder Tom in his work.
Don't hinder me in my work.
Don't hit Tom.
Don't hit Ziri again.
Don't hit him again.
Don't hit me so hard.
Don't hit me with the umbrella!
Don't hit me!
Don't hit me, I'm a translator!
Don't hit me, please!
Don't hit me.
Don't hit the dog.
Don't hit the wrong button.
Don't hit them.
Don't hog all the room.
Don't hog the road.
Don't hold back anything.
Don't hold back on my account.
Don't hold back, shout.
Don't hold back.
Don't hold back. Tell me what you really think.
Don't hold dinner for me.
Don't hold hands in public.
Don't hold him in too high esteem.
Don't hold it against me.
Don't hold it upside down.
Don't hold up information at work.
Don't hold up information from co-workers.
Don't hold your breath on that.
Don't hold your breath.
Don't hold your rival cheap.
Don't hold yourself responsible for what happened.
Don't honk the horn.
Don't hug me, I'm scared.
Don't hug me, Ziri.
Don't hug me.
Don't hug the inside of the curve.
Don't humiliate yourself.
Don't hurl insults at me, young lady.
Don't hurry if there's no purpose to your hurrying.
Don't hurry your words.
Don't hurry, be happy!
Don't hurry, we have the whole afternoon to shop.
Don't hurry.
Don't hurt Tom.
Don't hurt anybody else.
Don't hurt anybody.
Don't hurt anyone.
Don't hurt her.
Don't hurt him.
Don't hurt me!
Don't hurt me, I won't hurt you.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt my son.
Don't hurt the dog.
Don't hurt yourself.
Don't identify like a victim.
Don't ignore her feelings.
Don't ignore the most important question.
Don't ignore the signs you asked God to show you.
Don't ignore your subordinates.
Don't imitate me.
Don't imitate them.
Don't impede traffic.
Don't impersonate me.
Don't impose your beliefs on other people.
Don't include annotations as part of sentences.
Don't include multiple alternative words inside the same sentence.
Don't inconvenience yourself!
Don't indulge yourself too much in drinking.
Don't infringe on another's rights.
Don't ingest antibiotics without a medical prescription.
Don't inhale directly from the bottle containing benzene.
Don't injure your stomach by eating too much.
Don't insist!
Don't insist.
Don't insist. When I say no, it means no.
Don't insult Tom.
Don't insult her.
Don't insult him.
Don't insult me in company.
Don't insult me, Tom.
Don't insult me.
Don't insult my intelligence.
Don't insult my son.
Don't insult racists.
Don't insult too fast, first listen.
Don't interfere in Algeria's domestic affairs.
Don't interfere in my affairs.
Don't interfere in other people's affairs.
Don't interfere in other people's relationships.
Don't interfere in others' affairs.
Don't interfere in private concerns.
Don't interfere when grown-ups are talking.
Don't interfere with Tom while he is reading.
Don't interfere with her.
Don't interfere with him if you want him to like you.
Don't interfere with him while he is reading.
Don't interfere with it.
Don't interfere with matters that do not concern you!
Don't interfere with me.
Don't interfere with my studying.
Don't interfere with my work.
Don't interfere with them.
Don't interfere.
Don't interpret a woman's friendliness as flirting. Women don't like that.
Don't interpret basic friendliness as flirting.
Don't interpret her friendliness as flirting.
Don't interpret their silence as obedience.
Don't interrogate me.
Don't interrupt Tom when he is making a call!
Don't interrupt Tom.
Don't interrupt Tom. At the slightest disruption, he'll realize that he is hungry and then he'll spend a small fortune on sushi.
Don't interrupt her.
Don't interrupt him.
Don't interrupt me again.
Don't interrupt me but hear me out, please.
Don't interrupt me when I am speaking.
Don't interrupt me when I'm speaking.
Don't interrupt me when I'm talking!
Don't interrupt me when I'm talking.
Don't interrupt me while I am talking.
Don't interrupt me while I'm speaking.
Don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
Don't interrupt me!
Don't interrupt me! Can't you see I am talking?
Don't interrupt me, Tom.
Don't interrupt me, please!
Don't interrupt me.
Don't interrupt our conversation.
Don't interrupt people when they're talking.
Don't interrupt the elderly.
Don't interrupt them.
Don't interrupt us.
Don't interrupt when others are talking.
Don't interrupt when people are talking.
Don't interrupt when someone is speaking.
Don't interrupt!
Don't interrupt, Yanni.
Don't interrupt, Yanni. Dad is still speaking.
Don't interrupt.
Don't intrude on her privacy.
Don't intrude on her sorrow.
Don't intrude on his privacy.
Don't intrude your opinions on others.
Don't invite Tom here again.
Don't invite him to the party.
Don't involve me in that matter.
Don't irritate anyone.
Don't isolate yourself from family and friends.
Don't jail Miroslav for saying that women don't have penises. You should rather ban the scientific sources that claim that and arrest all the scientists that produce them.
Don't jerk me around-give it to me straight.
Don't jest!
Don't jinx it!
Don't jinx me.
Don't join a cult.
Don't join the book burners. Don't think you are going to conceal faults by concealing evidence that they ever existed.
Don't joke about something so serious.
Don't joke about that.
Don't joke around!
Don't joke like that.
Don't joke with me!
Don't joke!
Don't jostle me, please.
Don't jostle the baby.
Don't judge Tom just by his appearance.
Don't judge Tom too harshly.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Don't judge a man by his appearance.
Don't judge a man by his clothes.
Don't judge a man by the clothes he wears.
Don't judge a man by the opinions of his enemies.
Don't judge a man by the way he looks.
Don't judge a man by what he has.
Don't judge a man from the way he looks.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
Don't judge and you won't be judged.
Don't judge by appearances.
Don't judge each other by the color of the skin.
Don't judge her too harshly.
Don't judge him too harshly.
Don't judge me solely by appearances, as there's much more to discover within.
Don't judge me too harshly.
Don't judge me until you've walked in my shoes.
Don't judge me.
Don't judge me. I was only thirteen at the time.
Don't judge me. I was thirteen at the time.
Don't judge other people's traditional culture.
Don't judge others based on the color of their skin.
Don't judge others by the color of their skin.
Don't judge others by the colour of their skin.
Don't judge others by yourself.
Don't judge people based on their appearance.
Don't judge people by appearance.
Don't judge people by the way they look.
Don't judge people by their appearance.
Don't judge people by their appearances.
Don't judge people by their looks.
Don't judge people by what they wear.
Don't judge people from the way they look.
Don't judge so that you will not be judged.
Don't judge solely by what you see.
Don't judge someone by their appearance.
Don't judge yourself for getting sidetracked.
Don't judge.
Don't jump on the train I jumped off.
Don't jump on your bed.
Don't jump over the fence!
Don't jump the gun.
Don't jump to any conclusions.
Don't jump to conclusions when you're angry.
Don't jump to conclusions.
Don't jump yet.
Don't jump!
Don't jump! Life is hard, but so is the floor!
Don't jump, Tom.
Don't jump.
Don't just come bursting in here, Miller! Kindly knock first.
Don't just despair and lose all hope for humankind! Try to help out!
Don't just eat fish. Eat meat, too.
Don't just eat fish. Eat some meat, too.
Don't just flail around aimlessly. You need a plan.
Don't just ignore me.
Don't just keep making excuses.
Don't just lean back and wallow in your misery.
Don't just leave it.
Don't just listen to lunatics like Trump and Netanyahu. You should also listen to anti-racist Israeli Jews like Yitzhak, from Tel-Aviv.
Don't just park along the road as you please.
Don't just read books. Go outside once in a while and get some exercise.
Don't just regurgitate the same old talking points.
Don't just say the first thing that comes to your mind.
Don't just say you'll do it – do it!
Don't just show up at my house.
Don't just show up at my place without calling first.
Don't just sit about and wait for things to come to you.
Don't just sit there and fume. Tell me what's wrong.
Don't just sit there! Move!
Don't just sit there, do something!
Don't just sit there.
Don't just sit there. Do something.
Don't just sit there. Get up and do something.
Don't just sit there. Start taking notes.
Don't just sleep all day like some lion from the zoo. How about you go and clean up your room?
Don't just stand and stare! Kick your legs in the air!
Don't just stand around, lend a hand.
Don't just stand around. Lend a hand.
Don't just stand there - say something!
Don't just stand there gawping, come and help us with this!
Don't just stand there like a dummy; help me carry these groceries!
Don't just stand there like a lump, start taking notes!
Don't just stand there like that. Come over here and help me.
Don't just stand there!
Don't just stand there! Help me clean it up!
Don't just stand there, do something.
Don't just stand there, say something.
Don't just stand there.
Don't just stand there. Call security.
Don't just stand there. Come in.
Don't just stand there. Come on in.
Don't just stand there. Come over here and help me.
Don't just stand there. Come over here and help us.
Don't just stand there. Do something.
Don't just stand there. Get in my car.
Don't just stand there. Help me up.
Don't just stand there; do something!
Don't just stand. Pose!
Don't just take my word for it.
Don't just throw around words like that.
Don't just throw your things on the floor. Put them away.
Don't just trust anyone to babysit your children.
Don't just trust anyone to take care of your children.
Don't just trust anyone to watch your children.
Don't just trust anyone with your money.
Don't just trust anyone.
Don't just whine, do something!
Don't keep Tom from doing it.
Don't keep Tom waiting too long.
Don't keep Tom waiting.
Don't keep all of your money in one pocket.
Don't keep asking me.
Don't keep bad company.
Don't keep chattering.
Don't keep company with Tom.
Don't keep company with him.
Don't keep company with such a bad boy.
Don't keep company with such a man.
Don't keep company with such a selfish man.
Don't keep criticizing me!
Don't keep dodging the subject!
Don't keep dodging the subject.
Don't keep food items on the floor; they should be on the shelves.
Don't keep harping on the same string!
Don't keep it.
Don't keep me in suspense!
Don't keep me in suspense.
Don't keep me in the dark about it.
Don't keep me on tenterhooks!
Don't keep me waiting all day.
Don't keep me waiting here like this.
Don't keep me waiting too long.
Don't keep me waiting.
Don't keep people waiting.
Don't keep saying you're sorry.
Don't keep the TV on!
Don't keep the bear cub in a cage for long.
Don't keep the bicycle in the barn.
Don't keep the car in the barn.
Don't keep trusting him.
Don't keep us waiting.
Don't keep your eyes on the ground; look at me.
Don't keep your money all in one pocket.
Don't kick a man when he's down.
Don't kick me.
Don't kick my seat.
Don't kick the ball too hard.
Don't kick the cat.
Don't kick the dog!
Don't kick the dog.
Don't kick the door open.
Don't kick.
Don't kid about that.
Don't kid around.
Don't kid me!
Don't kid yourself.
Don't kid yourself. You couldn't afford to buy a house like this.
Don't kid yourselves.
Don't kill Muslims.
Don't kill Tom.
Don't kill any animal.
Don't kill him!
Don't kill me please.
Don't kill me, please.
Don't kill me.
Don't kill off bystanders!
Don't kill people!
Don't kill skunks. They eat a lot of nasty bugs.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Don't kill the messenger.
Don't kill the mouse!
Don't kill the part of you that is cringe. Kill the part of you that cringes.
Don't kill the vibe.
Don't kill them.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
Don't kill yourself.
Don't kill.
Don't kiss in front of the kids.
Don't kiss in public.
Don't kiss me like before.
Don't kiss me!
Don't kiss me.
Don't kiss.
Don't knock Tom. He's doing his best.
Don't knock it till you try it.
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Don't knock it unless you try it first.
Don't knock it until you've tried it.
Don't knock on the door with your hand.
Don't knock yourself down like this!
Don't know.
Don't lash out at me just because my brother treated you badly.
Don't laugh at Mary when she makes mistakes.
Don't laugh at Tom and Mary when they make mistakes.
Don't laugh at Tom when he makes mistakes.
Don't laugh at Tom.
Don't laugh at a person in trouble.
Don't laugh at her mistake.
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.
Don't laugh at him.
Don't laugh at his expense.
Don't laugh at his mistake.
Don't laugh at me.
Don't laugh at misfortune.
Don't laugh at my failure.
Don't laugh at my mistake.
Don't laugh at someone who stutters.
Don't laugh at them.
Don't laugh with your mouth open.
Don't laugh yet.
Don't laugh!
Don't laugh.
Don't lay your fault at my door.
Don't lean against the doors.
Don't lean against the wall.
Don't lean against the wall. It's fresh paint.
Don't lean against the wall. It's just been painted.
Don't lean against this wall.
Don't lean on door!
Don't lean on my chair.
Don't lean on my desk.
Don't lean on the door.
Don't lean on the fence.
Don't lean on the wall when it's just been painted on.
Don't lean on your friends for help.
Don't lean out of the window.
Don't lean out the window.
Don't lean over the railing.
Don't lean too much on others.
Don't learn Berber.
Don't learn Esperanto; no one speaks it. I, for example, am nobody.
Don't learn for your parents, but for yourself.
Don't learn it by memorizing. Try to understand it.
Don't learn things by memory. Try to understand them.
Don't learn.
Don't leave Boston yet.
Don't leave Tom alone for a minute.
Don't leave Tom alone.
Don't leave Tom.
Don't leave a tip if you're not satisfied with the service.
Don't leave a trace.
Don't leave all the doors open all the time!
Don't leave any books here.
Don't leave any computer in the meeting room.
Don't leave any food on your plate.
Don't leave any food or drinks on your bedside table overnight.
Don't leave any open containers or uncovered food in there.
Don't leave any sticky or greasy residue in the car.
Don't leave any traces.
Don't leave any valuables in the car.
Don't leave any valuables in your car.
Don't leave any valuables in your hotel room.
Don't leave any valuables in your locker.
Don't leave any valuables in your lockers.
Don't leave anything valuable on your dashboard. If you do, someone might break into your car to steal it.
Don't leave appliances and gadgets out on the counter; put them away.
Don't leave children by themselves!
Don't leave dirty dishes in the kitchen sink.
Don't leave dirty dishes in the living room or bedroom; take them to the kitchen.
Don't leave dirty dishes in the sink; wash and put them away.
Don't leave dirty dishes in the sink; wash them promptly.
Don't leave dirty laundry lying around.
Don't leave dirty pots and pans on the stove; wash them.
Don't leave dirty sponges lying around, they can get smelly.
Don't leave empty dishes in your room.
Don't leave empty-handed.
Don't leave even a smidge, eat it all up.
Don't leave everything lying about.
Don't leave everything to chance.
Don't leave everything to the last minute.
Don't leave evidence.
Don't leave food or snacks lying around.
Don't leave food out overnight; put it in the fridge.
Don't leave food out, it attracts bugs.
Don't leave food out, it can attract animals.
Don't leave food scraps on the floor; use a broom and dustpan to clean them up.
Don't leave food scraps or crumbs on the countertops.
Don't leave food scraps or leftovers in the sink.
Don't leave food scraps out; they can attract pests and insects.
Don't leave her alone.
Don't leave her out of the plans.
Don't leave here until you have done it.
Don't leave here until you've done it.
Don't leave here until you've done that.
Don't leave him alone now.
Don't leave him alone with that bag of dried figs.
Don't leave him alone.
Don't leave important questions unasked.
Don't leave it here.
Don't leave it in the microwave too long.
Don't leave it open.
Don't leave it up to chance.
Don't leave items on the shelves that don't belong there; it can create clutter.
Don't leave library books here.
Don't leave library books in the classroom.
Don't leave library books in this room.
Don't leave like this.
Don't leave me again, please.
Don't leave me again.
Don't leave me alone here.
Don't leave me alone in Algeria.
Don't leave me alone on Halloween.
Don't leave me alone with Tom.
Don't leave me alone with her.
Don't leave me alone with him.
Don't leave me alone with them.
Don't leave me alone!
Don't leave me alone, please.
Don't leave me alone.
Don't leave me behind!
Don't leave me behind.
Don't leave me by myself!
Don't leave me hanging like you did the other day.
Don't leave me here all alone.
Don't leave me here alone.
Don't leave me here by myself.
Don't leave me here like this.
Don't leave me here with these people.
Don't leave me here.
Don't leave me like this.
Don't leave me now.
Don't leave me out in the cold, come on.
Don't leave me out when you're sending the invitations!
Don't leave me yet, Layla.
Don't leave me yet, Tom.
Don't leave me yet.
Don't leave me!
Don't leave me! Not now!
Don't leave me, Tom.
Don't leave me.
Don't leave my name off your list.
Don't leave my name out of your list.
Don't leave my side, okay?
Don't leave out a single detail.
Don't leave perishable items out on the counter; return them to the fridge promptly.
Don't leave pots and pans on the stove when you're done using them.
Don't leave small objects around that your puppy could swallow.
Don't leave tapes lying around, put them back in their cases.
Don't leave that here.
Don't leave the CDs lying around on the floor.
Don't leave the DVD player plugged in when not in use.
Don't leave the DVDs lying around on the couch.
Don't leave the DVDs lying around, they might get damaged.
Don't leave the Qur'an open, or the devil could spit on it.
Don't leave the TV on for too long, it can overheat.
Don't leave the TV on when you're not watching, my child.
Don't leave the TV on when you're not watching, my little one.
Don't leave the TV on.
Don't leave the air conditioner on.
Don't leave the bathroom in such a mess.
Don't leave the bathroom without flushing.
Don't leave the bedroom window open.
Don't leave the bicycle in the rain.
Don't leave the bicycle out in the rain.
Don't leave the computer unattended in public places.
Don't leave the console in direct sunlight.
Don't leave the console on for long periods without breaks.
Don't leave the cutting board submerged in water, as it can damage it.
Don't leave the dog alone for too long.
Don't leave the door open, it's cold and we'll catch a chill.
Don't leave the door open, it's cold outside!
Don't leave the door open.
Don't leave the doors open.
Don't leave the engine running.
Don't leave the entrance unprotected.
Don't leave the fire unattended.
Don't leave the fridge door open.
Don't leave the fridge open.
Don't leave the front door open.
Don't leave the hotel.
Don't leave the house.
Don't leave the key in the lock.
Don't leave the kitchen while you are cooking on the stove!
Don't leave the light on.
Don't leave the lights on when you leave the room.
Don't leave the lights on, it wastes electricity.
Don't leave the lights on, we need to save power.
Don't leave the metal exposed to the air or it will oxidize.
Don't leave the papers!
Don't leave the rabbit outside unattended, they need supervision.
Don't leave the refrigerator door open.
Don't leave the remote lying around unattended.
Don't leave the remote on the couch.
Don't leave the riddle.
Don't leave the room with the window open.
Don't leave the room without closing the window.
Don't leave the room without shutting the window.
Don't leave the room.
Don't leave the soy sauce in a glass. I thought it was coffee or something and was about to drink it.
Don't leave the stove, the milk is about to boil over.
Don't leave the street, otherwise you'll fall and you'll break the glass.
Don't leave the tablet on the floor where it can get stepped on.
Don't leave the tap running, turn it off when you're done.
Don't leave the toilet seat up.
Don't leave the trail for any reason.
Don't leave the turtle out in the sun for too long.
Don't leave the water running.
Don't leave the window open.
Don't leave the windows open when you leave the house.
Don't leave the windows open, or your parakeet might fly away.
Don't leave the windows open.
Don't leave the work unfinished.
Don't leave them alone together.
Don't leave them alone.
Don't leave them here.
Don't leave there, I'm coming!
Don't leave things half done.
Don't leave things half finished.
Don't leave things lying around.
Don't leave this room.
Don't leave this window open.
Don't leave too late because of me.
Don't leave too late on my account.
Don't leave town.
Don't leave toys in front of a heater or fire.
Don't leave trash or garbage lying around the kitchen; it should go in the trash can.
Don't leave until we get there.
Don't leave until you've done that.
Don't leave us alone here.
Don't leave us hanging.
Don't leave us to our fate.
Don't leave us.
Don't leave used napkins on the table or scattered around the kitchen.
Don't leave utensils in the sink.
Don't leave valuable items in a car.
Don't leave valuable items in the car.
Don't leave valuables in your car.
Don't leave valuables in your vehicle.
Don't leave wet or dirty towels lying around the kitchen.
Don't leave wet towels or clothes in the car.
Don't leave without me.
Don't leave without saying goodbye.
Don't leave without telling me.
Don't leave without us.
Don't leave yet! You'll miss the best scene!
Don't leave yet.
Don't leave your Christmas lights on overnight.
Don't leave your alcohol in the bathroom.
Don't leave your baby crying.
Don't leave your backpack lying in the middle of the room.
Don't leave your baggage unattended.
Don't leave your bags in the bathroom.
Don't leave your belongings unattended at the beach.
Don't leave your belongings unattended.
Don't leave your books here.
Don't leave your books in the bathroom.
Don't leave your booze in the bathroom.
Don't leave your bra in the bathroom.
Don't leave your children unattended.
Don't leave your children unsupervised.
Don't leave your cigarettes in the bathroom.
Don't leave your clothes in the bathroom.
Don't leave your clothes lying about all over the floor.
Don't leave your dirty clothes on the bathroom floor.
Don't leave your dirty socks under the bed.
Don't leave your dog in all day.
Don't leave your dog in the house all day.
Don't leave your dog inside all day.
Don't leave your dog locked inside a hot car.
Don't leave your drink on the table.
Don't leave your drink unattended.
Don't leave your drugs in the bathroom.
Don't leave your food in the bathroom.
Don't leave your glasses on the floor.
Don't leave your glasses on the table.
Don't leave your hands outside the window.
Don't leave your lighter in the bathroom.
Don't leave your makeup in the bathroom.
Don't leave your mom.
Don't leave your panties in the bathroom.
Don't leave your personal belongings in the washroom.
Don't leave your pets out.
Don't leave your phone in the bathroom.
Don't leave your phone unattended, someone might take it.
Don't leave your puppy alone outside for too long.
Don't leave your room unlocked.
Don't leave your schoolbooks scattered around the room.
Don't leave your shit in the bathroom.
Don't leave your shoes in the bathroom.
Don't leave your smokes in the bathroom.
Don't leave your snacks or wrappers lying around.
Don't leave your socks under the couch.
Don't leave your stuff behind.
Don't leave your stuff here.
Don't leave your suitcase there.
Don't leave your things behind.
Don't leave your things lying around.
Don't leave your things strewn all over the floor.
Don't leave your tools out in the rain.
Don't leave your tortoise unattended outside the enclosure.
Don't leave your toys in the bathtub.
Don't leave your toys scattered inside the car.
Don't leave your underwear in the bathroom.
Don't leave your vaper in the bathroom.
Don't leave your watch in the bathroom.
Don't leave your weed in the bathroom.
Don't leave your wet towels on the bathroom floor, please.
Don't leave your work half done.
Don't leave your work half finished.
Don't leave your work half-done.
Don't leave your work unfinished.
Don't leave!
Don't leave, Tom.
Don't leave.
Don't leave. I'll be back.
Don't lecture me, I can think for myself.
Don't lecture me.
Don't lend Tom anything.
Don't lend a borrowed book to another.
Don't lend books; no one gives them back. The only books that are still left in my library are ones that I have borrowed from other people.
Don't lend money to someone who can't have a morning erection.
Don't lend money!
Don't lend the CDs to friends without asking me first.
Don't lend your laptop to others without permission.
Don't lend your phone to anyone without asking us first.
Don't let Cookie fool you. She's already been fed.
Don't let Google give any medical advice to you.
Don't let Mary do it by herself.
Don't let Mary do that by herself.
Don't let Mary go swimming by herself.
Don't let Mary hurt herself.
Don't let Tom and Mary do it by themselves.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that again.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that alone.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that today.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that.
Don't let Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves.
Don't let Tom and Mary hurt themselves.
Don't let Tom answer the phone.
Don't let Tom bite you.
Don't let Tom bother me.
Don't let Tom bother you.
Don't let Tom call Mary.
Don't let Tom catch you on the way out.
Don't let Tom cheat you.
Don't let Tom close it.
Don't let Tom close the door.
Don't let Tom cross the street.
Don't let Tom die.
Don't let Tom distract you.
Don't let Tom do anything that you think is unsafe.
Don't let Tom do anything you think is unsafe.
Don't let Tom do it alone.
Don't let Tom do it by himself.
Don't let Tom do it.
Don't let Tom do that again.
Don't let Tom do that alone.
Don't let Tom do that anymore.
Don't let Tom do that by himself.
Don't let Tom do that for Mary.
Don't let Tom do that here!
Don't let Tom do that here.
Don't let Tom do that today.
Don't let Tom do that with Mary.
Don't let Tom do that.
Don't let Tom do this again.
Don't let Tom down now.
Don't let Tom down.
Don't let Tom drink any milk.
Don't let Tom drink any more.
Don't let Tom drink any orange juice.
Don't let Tom drink beer.
Don't let Tom drink more than one glass of wine.
Don't let Tom drink this.
Don't let Tom drive, please.
Don't let Tom drive.
Don't let Tom drive. He's been drinking.
Don't let Tom eat all the bread.
Don't let Tom eat any bread.
Don't let Tom eat any more cookies.
Don't let Tom eat any peanuts.
Don't let Tom eat dessert until he eats everything on his plate.
Don't let Tom eat dessert until he's eaten his vegetables.
Don't let Tom eat it.
Don't let Tom eat peanuts.
Don't let Tom eat that.
Don't let Tom eat this.
Don't let Tom escape.
Don't let Tom fall asleep.
Don't let Tom fall.
Don't let Tom find out about that.
Don't let Tom follow me.
Don't let Tom fool you.
Don't let Tom frighten you.
Don't let Tom get away with it.
Don't let Tom get away.
Don't let Tom get behind the wheel.
Don't let Tom get near me.
Don't let Tom get to you.
Don't let Tom get you down.
Don't let Tom give Mary anything.
Don't let Tom give up.
Don't let Tom go alone.
Don't let Tom go out after dark.
Don't let Tom go out.
Don't let Tom go outside today.
Don't let Tom go skating with Mary.
Don't let Tom go swimming by himself.
Don't let Tom go.
Don't let Tom hear you say that.
Don't let Tom help Mary.
Don't let Tom hit Mary.
Don't let Tom hit anybody.
Don't let Tom hit anyone.
Don't let Tom hit me.
Don't let Tom hit you.
Don't let Tom hurt Mary.
Don't let Tom hurt himself.
Don't let Tom in.
Don't let Tom inside.
Don't let Tom intimidate you.
Don't let Tom into this room.
Don't let Tom jump on the bed.
Don't let Tom know about this.
Don't let Tom know that you know.
Don't let Tom know that you're afraid.
Don't let Tom know that you're scared.
Don't let Tom know that.
Don't let Tom know what you're doing.
Don't let Tom know you're afraid.
Don't let Tom know you're scared.
Don't let Tom leave before I get there.
Don't let Tom leave early.
Don't let Tom leave.
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.
Don't let Tom look at these pictures.
Don't let Tom move it.
Don't let Tom move the table.
Don't let Tom move.
Don't let Tom near my kids.
Don't let Tom open the door.
Don't let Tom out of your sight.
Don't let Tom play piano.
Don't let Tom play with knives.
Don't let Tom push you around.
Don't let Tom read this.
Don't let Tom rope you back in.
Don't let Tom ruin your life.
Don't let Tom run away.
Don't let Tom run.
Don't let Tom say anything.
Don't let Tom scare you.
Don't let Tom scratch you.
Don't let Tom scream.
Don't let Tom see me!
Don't let Tom see that you're afraid.
Don't let Tom see that you're scared.
Don't let Tom see you do that.
Don't let Tom see you're afraid.
Don't let Tom see you're scared.
Don't let Tom see you.
Don't let Tom shut this door.
Don't let Tom sing.
Don't let Tom sit here.
Don't let Tom sit there.
Don't let Tom sleep.
Don't let Tom spoil your life.
Don't let Tom starve.
Don't let Tom stay here.
Don't let Tom stay out in the sun too long.
Don't let Tom stay there.
Don't let Tom stay up past nine o'clock.
Don't let Tom suffer.
Don't let Tom swim.
Don't let Tom take advantage of you.
Don't let Tom take it.
Don't let Tom take pictures.
Don't let Tom take this.
Don't let Tom talk to Mary.
Don't let Tom talk to anyone.
Don't let Tom talk you into doing that.
Don't let Tom tease Mary.
Don't let Tom tell you what to do.
Don't let Tom touch anything here.
Don't let Tom touch my computer.
Don't let Tom touch this.
Don't let Tom touch you.
Don't let Tom treat you like that.
Don't let Tom use my bicycle.
Don't let Tom use my car.
Don't let Tom use the phone.
Don't let Tom use this phone.
Don't let Tom use this.
Don't let Tom walk away.
Don't let Tom watch TV.
Don't let Tom watch that movie.
Don't let Tom whistle.
Don't let Tom win.
Don't let Tom's looks fool you.
Don't let Yanni fool you.
Don't let Ziri ruin your birthday.
Don't let a boy interfere with your studies.
Don't let a little quarrel come between us.
Don't let a sex worker put handcuffs on you.
Don't let a stranger put handcuffs on you.
Don't let a swallow build a nest under your roof.
Don't let a woman like that get away.
Don't let all this commotion frazzle your nerves.
Don't let anybody cheat you.
Don't let anybody else read this letter.
Don't let anybody fool you.
Don't let anybody in Tom's room.
Don't let anybody in here.
Don't let anybody in my room.
Don't let anybody in this room.
Don't let anybody in.
Don't let anybody know I'm here.
Don't let anybody know that I'm here.
Don't let anybody leave this room.
Don't let anybody see you.
Don't let anybody slow down your progression towards your life dreams.
Don't let anybody slows you down in the pursuit of your wildest dreams.
Don't let anyone cast down your hopes for a brighter future.
Don't let anyone cheat you.
Don't let anyone close this door.
Don't let anyone come near the fire.
Don't let anyone deter you from achieving your life's biggest dreams.
Don't let anyone else read this document.
Don't let anyone else read this letter.
Don't let anyone else see this document.
Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.
Don't let anyone enter or approach this room.
Don't let anyone enter the room.
Don't let anyone fool you.
Don't let anyone get in the way of your life's biggest dreams.
Don't let anyone get your hopes down for your life's biggest dreams.
Don't let anyone hear you say that again.
Don't let anyone hurt Tom.
Don't let anyone hurt me.
Don't let anyone in Tom's room.
Don't let anyone in here.
Don't let anyone in his room.
Don't let anyone in my room.
Don't let anyone in or out!
Don't let anyone in the house.
Don't let anyone in there without Tom's say-so.
Don't let anyone in this building.
Don't let anyone in this room.
Don't let anyone in.
Don't let anyone into the room.
Don't let anyone know I'm here.
Don't let anyone know that I'm here.
Don't let anyone know this is your first time.
Don't let anyone know you've been talking to me.
Don't let anyone leave this building.
Don't let anyone leave this room.
Don't let anyone move my desk.
Don't let anyone near the fire.
Don't let anyone open the windows.
Don't let anyone open this door.
Don't let anyone pass.
Don't let anyone press this button.
Don't let anyone see you.
Don't let anyone sit here.
Don't let anyone stop you.
Don't let anyone take advantage of you.
Don't let anyone take nude pictures of you.
Don't let anyone take pictures of you naked.
Don't let anyone talk you into doing it.
Don't let anyone talk you into doing that.
Don't let anyone talk you into it.
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Don't let anyone tell you you're worthless.
Don't let anyone turn off the light.
Don't let anyone turn off the lights.
Don't let anyone wait in the meeting room.
Don't let anything else distract us.
Don't let anything happen to either one of you.
Don't let anything slow you down.
Don't let anything stand between you and success.
Don't let appearances deceive you.
Don't let appearances fool you.
Don't let artificial intelligence replace your natural creativity.
Don't let bad thoughts live in your head rent-free.
Don't let capitalism undermine your soul.
Don't let children have their own way.
Don't let children play in the road.
Don't let children play with knives.
Don't let desire control your mind!
Don't let dirty dishes pile up in the sink; wash them promptly.
Don't let down your guard.
Don't let emotion cloud your judgement.
Don't let envy control your behaviour!
Don't let envy control your life.
Don't let evil into your heart. It will make a home there.
Don't let failure discourage you.
Don't let fear control you.
Don't let fear rule your life.
Don't let food residue accumulate in the oven; it can cause odors and smoke.
Don't let food scraps accumulate in your backpack.
Don't let go of me.
Don't let go of my hand, or you'll get lost.
Don't let go of my hand.
Don't let go of the green rope.
Don't let go of the handle.
Don't let go of the rope till I tell you.
Don't let go of the rope until I tell you that it's OK to do so.
Don't let go of the rope until I tell you to.
Don't let go of the rope until I tell you.
Don't let go of the rope.
Don't let go!
Don't let go.
Don't let go. Hold on tight.
Don't let her cross the street.
Don't let her die.
Don't let her distract you.
Don't let her do it.
Don't let her do that again.
Don't let her do this to you.
Don't let her do what she wants.
Don't let her down now.
Don't let her drink any more.
Don't let her drink this juice.
Don't let her drink.
Don't let her drive your car.
Don't let her drive!
Don't let her drive.
Don't let her eat this.
Don't let her escape!
Don't let her frighten you.
Don't let her get to you.
Don't let her give up.
Don't let her go out after dark.
Don't let her go out when it's dark.
Don't let her in.
Don't let her intimidate you.
Don't let her into this room.
Don't let her know that.
Don't let her near my kids.
Don't let her run away.
Don't let her scare you.
Don't let her see anything edible.
Don't let her see me!
Don't let her see you.
Don't let her shut this door.
Don't let her talk to anyone.
Don't let her throw her life away.
Don't let her watch TV.
Don't let him answer the phone.
Don't let him approach.
Don't let him associate with this kind of people.
Don't let him bamboozle you into falling for his scam.
Don't let him bite you.
Don't let him break any glasses.
Don't let him break glasses.
Don't let him break the glasses.
Don't let him call Taninna.
Don't let him call her.
Don't let him claw you.
Don't let him climb on the bed.
Don't let him close it.
Don't let him close the door.
Don't let him cross the street.
Don't let him damage the TV.
Don't let him die.
Don't let him distract you.
Don't let him do it alone.
Don't let him do it by himself.
Don't let him do it for himself.
Don't let him do it.
Don't let him do that again.
Don't let him do this to you.
Don't let him do what he wants.
Don't let him down now.
Don't let him down.
Don't let him drag you through the mud.
Don't let him draw you into a theological debate, or you'll be stuck there all night!
Don't let him drink any more.
Don't let him drink this juice.
Don't let him drink.
Don't let him drive!
Don't let him drive.
Don't let him eat it.
Don't let him eat the bread.
Don't let him eat this.
Don't let him escape!
Don't let him fall.
Don't let him follow me.
Don't let him frighten you.
Don't let him get away.
Don't let him get to you.
Don't let him give up.
Don't let him go out.
Don't let him go.
Don't let him hang around with this kind of boys.
Don't let him have a rest.
Don't let him hit her.
Don't let him hit his sister.
Don't let him hit you.
Don't let him in.
Don't let him intimidate you.
Don't let him into this room.
Don't let him keep this picture.
Don't let him know her address.
Don't let him know that.
Don't let him know the truth.
Don't let him leave.
Don't let him lick you.
Don't let him lie on the floor.
Don't let him listen to this music.
Don't let him lose hope.
Don't let him move it.
Don't let him move the table.
Don't let him move.
Don't let him near my kids.
Don't let him nickel-and-dime you.
Don't let him open the door.
Don't let him out of your sight.
Don't let him out.
Don't let him play piano.
Don't let him play with your phone.
Don't let him press this button.
Don't let him put his feet on the table.
Don't let him read this.
Don't let him run away.
Don't let him run.
Don't let him say anything.
Don't let him scare you.
Don't let him scream.
Don't let him see me!
Don't let him see you.
Don't let him shut this door.
Don't let him sit there.
Don't let him sleep.
Don't let him spread lies about your family.
Don't let him stay there.
Don't let him swim.
Don't let him switch off the light.
Don't let him switch on the lamp.
Don't let him take advantage of you.
Don't let him take his shoes off.
Don't let him take it.
Don't let him take pictures.
Don't let him take the car.
Don't let him talk to Taninna.
Don't let him talk to anyone.
Don't let him talk to her.
Don't let him tear this picture.
Don't let him touch anything there.
Don't let him touch it.
Don't let him touch the computer.
Don't let him treat you like that.
Don't let him treat you that way.
Don't let him use this phone.
Don't let him watch TV.
Don't let him watch this film.
Don't let him whistle.
Don't let his comments discourage you; I believe in you.
Don't let his snide remarks get the best of you.
Don't let it affect you.
Don't let it be said I am not punctual.
Don't let it boil inside of you.
Don't let it bother you.
Don't let it end like this.
Don't let it end.
Don't let it fall!
Don't let it fester inside you.
Don't let it get soiled.
Don't let it get to you, Tom.
Don't let it get to you.
Don't let it get to your head.
Don't let it get you down!
Don't let it get you down.
Don't let it go to your head.
Don't let it go.
Don't let it happen again.
Don't let it out of there!
Don't let it out.
Don't let it scare you.
Don't let it stop you.
Don't let it touch.
Don't let it trouble you.
Don't let it worry you.
Don't let items with sticky or sugary residue sit in the refrigerator.
Don't let life harden your heart.
Don't let me be misunderstood.
Don't let me become discouraged.
Don't let me catch you doing anything like this again.
Don't let me catch you doing that again.
Don't let me catch you doing that.
Don't let me catch you doing this again.
Don't let me detain you.
Don't let me die alone.
Don't let me die here.
Don't let me die!
Don't let me die.
Don't let me down as you did the other day.
Don't let me down like you did the other day.
Don't let me down this time.
Don't let me down!
Don't let me down.
Don't let me ever catch you doing something like that again.
Don't let me ever hear you say that again.
Don't let me fall asleep.
Don't let me fall!
Don't let me fall.
Don't let me influence you.
Don't let me intimidate you.
Don't let me keep you from your work.
Don't let me keep you.
Don't let me lose faith in justice.
Don't let me stand in your way.
Don't let me stop you.
Don't let me win.
Don't let mistakes demoralise you. Put them down to experience and learn from them.
Don't let my son see this!
Don't let narrow-minded people convince you that your dreams are too big.
Don't let nostalgia get the best of you.
Don't let on I'm here.
Don't let on that you know about that.
Don't let on that you know.
Don't let on to our dad.
Don't let on to your dad.
Don't let opportunities pass by.
Don't let other pets bother or intimidate your tortoise.
Don't let others bring you down.
Don't let others do what you yourself don't like.
Don't let outsiders in. We've only got food and water for us.
Don't let peer pressure keep you from pursuing your dreams.
Don't let people make you crazy about money, hair and clothes.
Don't let people pull you into their storm. Pull them into your peace.
Don't let people put words in your mouth.
Don't let people take advantage of you.
Don't let relationships interfere with your studies.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Don't let spilled liquids or sauces sit on the stovetop for too long.
Don't let sports interfere with your studies.
Don't let sticky spills or liquids sit on the counter for too long.
Don't let stray cats hang around nearby.
Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
Don't let such a good opportunity go to waste.
Don't let that be a deterrent.
Don't let that bother you.
Don't let that box fall.
Don't let that chair get covered with dew outside.
Don't let that cup fall.
Don't let that dog come near me!
Don't let that dog go.
Don't let that get you down.
Don't let that girl interfere with your studies.
Don't let that happen again!
Don't let that happen again, please.
Don't let that happen again.
Don't let that happen to you.
Don't let that happen.
Don't let that man dominate you.
Don't let that soup get cold.
Don't let that stop you.
Don't let that worry you.
Don't let the algorithm beat you.
Don't let the baby play with coins.
Don't let the balloon pop!
Don't let the balloon touch the ground.
Don't let the bull gore you.
Don't let the camp fire die.
Don't let the canary fly outside, it's not safe.
Don't let the canary near other pets, they may harm it.
Don't let the cat escape. Close the door!
Don't let the cat near your toys, she might break them.
Don't let the cat out of the bag.
Don't let the cat out.
Don't let the cat trick you; he's been fed.
Don't let the cat trick you; she's been fed.
Don't let the chance slip away!
Don't let the child play with knives.
Don't let the children fight.
Don't let the children go near the pond.
Don't let the children go out after dark.
Don't let the children jump on their beds.
Don't let the children monopolize the television.
Don't let the children play on the street.
Don't let the children play on this street.
Don't let the children swim.
Don't let the cops find a heater on you.
Don't let the dog come in.
Don't let the dog in.
Don't let the dog inside.
Don't let the dog out.
Don't let the dog play with the remote.
Don't let the dog roam freely outside.
Don't let the dog sleep in our bed.
Don't let the door slam.
Don't let the enemy get close.
Don't let the engine run idle. We want it to last longer.
Don't let the fancy cover fool you. This is a boring book.
Don't let the fire burn out.
Don't let the fire die down.
Don't let the fire die out.
Don't let the fire go out.
Don't let the grass grow under your feet.
Don't let the guinea pig chew on electrical cords.
Don't let the hamster roam around outside, it might get lost.
Don't let the kid play with knives.
Don't let the kid play with the knife.
Don't let the kids play too close to the pool.
Don't let the kids play with knives.
Don't let the kids watch this film.
Don't let the kitten go outside without supervision.
Don't let the light catch your eye!
Don't let the money fall out.
Don't let the negative comments of an asshole shake your confidence in getting fluent in a language you're learning.
Don't let the opportunity get away.
Don't let the pan boil dry.
Don't let the parrot interact with other pets unsupervised.
Don't let the price bother you!
Don't let the prisoners escape.
Don't let the rabbit chew on any dangerous objects or cables.
Don't let the remote get dusty or dirty.
Don't let the rumors deceive you.
Don't let the situation escalate.
Don't let the soup get cold.
Don't let the system get you down.
Don't let the thief run away!
Don't let the truth get in the way of a good story.
Don't let the turtle eat any toxic plants or insects.
Don't let the turtle eat anything that could harm it.
Don't let the turtle wander off outside without supervision.
Don't let the water run unnecessarily, turn off the faucet.
Don't let the weather bother you.
Don't let their silly appearance fool you: hippos are dangerous, much deadlier to humans than lions.
Don't let them bother you.
Don't let them change you.
Don't let them cross the street.
Don't let them cut your hair off.
Don't let them deprive you of what is rightfully yours.
Don't let them deprive you of what rightfully belongs to you.
Don't let them die out.
Don't let them die.
Don't let them distract you.
Don't let them divert you from your purposes.
Don't let them do it.
Don't let them do that again.
Don't let them do this to me.
Don't let them do this to us.
Don't let them do this.
Don't let them down now.
Don't let them drag you down into their unfortunate level.
Don't let them drink any more.
Don't let them eat this.
Don't let them escape!
Don't let them fall.
Don't let them fool you.
Don't let them forget me.
Don't let them frighten you.
Don't let them get away.
Don't let them get close.
Don't let them get me.
Don't let them get to you.
Don't let them get to your head.
Don't let them get you down.
Don't let them give up.
Don't let them go to waste.
Don't let them hurt Tom.
Don't let them hurt her.
Don't let them hurt him.
Don't let them hurt you.
Don't let them in.
Don't let them intimidate you.
Don't let them into this room.
Don't let them keep it.
Don't let them know about this, OK?
Don't let them know that.
Don't let them know they're being watched.
Don't let them know where you're from.
Don't let them leave.
Don't let them near my kids.
Don't let them near you.
Don't let them push you around.
Don't let them run away.
Don't let them scare you.
Don't let them see what you're doing.
Don't let them see you're afraid.
Don't let them see you.
Don't let them shut this door.
Don't let them take away your pride.
Don't let them talk to anyone.
Don't let them tell you you're crazy.
Don't let them win.
Don't let these snakes escape.
Don't let things get out of hand.
Don't let things go to pieces.
Don't let things like this rattle you.
Don't let this affect your studies.
Don't let this become a habit.
Don't let this chance slip by.
Don't let this codebook fall into enemy hands.
Don't let this cup fall.
Don't let this discourage you from trying it again.
Don't let this food go to waste.
Don't let this get in the way of your studies.
Don't let this get out of control.
Don't let this get wet.
Don't let this get you down.
Don't let this get you too excited.
Don't let this go to waste.
Don't let this happen again.
Don't let this happen ever again.
Don't let this impair your judgment.
Don't let this information leak out.
Don't let this insignificant matter ruin your day.
Don't let this interfere with your studies.
Don't let this kind of thing bother you.
Don't let this man out. He's going to kill again.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by!
Don't let this opportunity pass you by.
Don't let this opportunity slip away!
Don't let this opportunity slip away.
Don't let this ruin your friendship.
Don't let this small issue bother you.
Don't let those problems affect you.
Don't let us down.
Don't let us fall into temptation and deliver us from evil.
Don't let us intimidate you.
Don't let us stop you.
Don't let utensils with food residue pile up; wash them promptly.
Don't let what happened to Tom happen to you.
Don't let what happened to me happen to you.
Don't let what he said get to you. He was just getting back at you for what you said.
Don't let your bangs grow so long; it's not a good look.
Don't let your boy play with a knife.
Don't let your children become couch potatoes.
Don't let your children go out of the house at night.
Don't let your children go to dangerous places.
Don't let your children play with knives.
Don't let your children play with matches.
Don't let your children swim in this river.
Don't let your dog bite me.
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
Don't let your emotions dictate your actions.
Don't let your emotions rule you. Be calm!
Don't let your excitement show!
Don't let your fear get in the way of your dream.
Don't let your fears get the best of you.
Don't let your feelings show.
Don't let your friends down.
Don't let your guard down.
Don't let your house smell like tuna.
Don't let your ice cream melt.
Don't let your illness take over your life.
Don't let your imagination run away with you.
Don't let your imagination run wild.
Don't let your judgment cloud your emotions.
Don't let your kids play with matches.
Don't let your license expire.
Don't let your memes be dreams.
Don't let your mother know that.
Don't let your muscles atrophy.
Don't let your own issues to bubble up at work.
Don't let your parakeet near any harmful chemicals or cleaning products.
Don't let your personal feelings get in the way of your work.
Don't let your pride be taken away.
Don't let your problems get the best of you.
Don't let your puppy eat human food that can be harmful.
Don't let your puppy play with dangerous objects.
Don't let your soup get cold.
Don't let your talents go to waste.
Don't let your vocabulary whither.
Don't let yourself be blinded by what you think you know.
Don't let yourself be bossed around by her.
Don't let yourself be cheated!
Don't let yourself be fooled!
Don't let yourself be intimidated.
Don't let yourself be manipulated.
Don't let yourself be provoked into a fight.
Don't let yourself be provoked into doing something that you may regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked into doing something that you'll regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked into losing your temper.
Don't let yourself be provoked into saying something that you may regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked into saying something that you'll regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked.
Don't let yourself be taken by drugs. There are many programs that can help you.
Don't let yourself be taken prisoner.
Don't let yourself be troubled by the thought of her.
Don't let yourself be used.
Don't let yourself control your life.
Don't let yourself get carried away too much.
Don't let yourself get carried away when you go to college.
Don't let yourself get fat.
Don't let yourself get tricked so easily.
Don't let yourselves be provoked into a fight.
Don't let yourselves be provoked.
Don't lick your fingers.
Don't lie about Tom.
Don't lie about her.
Don't lie about him.
Don't lie about me.
Don't lie about them.
Don't lie about us.
Don't lie about your age!
Don't lie about your age.
Don't lie and manipulate people.
Don't lie anymore, OK?
Don't lie because I know it was you who did it.
Don't lie down on the cold ground.
Don't lie on the cement floor.
Don't lie on the damp grass.
Don't lie to Tom and me.
Don't lie to Tom.
Don't lie to her.
Don't lie to him.
Don't lie to me again.
Don't lie to me!
Don't lie to me! You're the one who did it.
Don't lie to me, Tom.
Don't lie to me, boy!
Don't lie to me, girl!
Don't lie to me.
Don't lie to them.
Don't lie to us.
Don't lie to yourself, Mary.
Don't lie to yourself, Tom.
Don't lie to yourself.
Don't lie to yourselves.
Don't lie with your face down.
Don't lie!
Don't lie, Honey.
Don't lie, ever!
Don't lie, please!
Don't lie, professor, don't lie.
Don't lie.
Don't lie. Be honest.
Don't lie. Because even if you think nobody else will notice, the gods are always watching.
Don't lie. Tell the truth.
Don't lift weights if you're still sore.
Don't light the candle.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Don't linger.
Don't listen to K-Pop, it's bad for your health.
Don't listen to Mary; she's totally mad.
Don't listen to Mennad.
Don't listen to Tom and Mary. They're completely insane.
Don't listen to Tom unless you want to get in trouble.
Don't listen to Tom — he's totally mad.
Don't listen to Tom's lies.
Don't listen to Tom.
Don't listen to Tom. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Don't listen to Tom. He talks nonsense.
Don't listen to Tom. He's lying to you.
Don't listen to Tom. He's trying to trick you.
Don't listen to Tom. Listen to me.
Don't listen to a word anyone says.
Don't listen to anger or your mind will be troubled.
Don't listen to anyone.
Don't listen to anything Tom says.
Don't listen to gossip.
Don't listen to her lies!
Don't listen to her! I promise you; she's just full of hot air.
Don't listen to her, she is only kidding.
Don't listen to her.
Don't listen to her. She's lying to you.
Don't listen to him!
Don't listen to him, Mary. He fooled the poor girl all the way, that rascal!
Don't listen to him, Tom. He's kidding.
Don't listen to him, he misunderstood me!
Don't listen to him, he's a complete nitwit.
Don't listen to him, he's only kidding.
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him. He's just having a giggle.
Don't listen to him. He's just having a giraffe.
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
Don't listen to him. He's lying to you.
Don't listen to him. He's only having a laugh.
Don't listen to him. He's only joking.
Don't listen to him. Tom is lying to you.
Don't listen to his lies!
Don't listen to his ravings.
Don't listen to me!
Don't listen to me, I'm just kidding.
Don't listen to me. I'm being crazy.
Don't listen to my crazy daughter.
Don't listen to rumors.
Don't listen to that crackpot, he's always talking nonsense.
Don't listen to that man.
Don't listen to the man.
Don't listen to the voices.
Don't listen to the voices. They're liars.
Don't listen to them.
Don't listen to this man.
Don't listen to those who promise you wealth overnight, my boy. As a rule they are either fools or swindlers! Listen to me and go home.
Don't listen to us.
Don't listen, this one's talking nonsense.
Don't litter and keep the environment clean.
Don't litter!
Don't litter.
Don't live like you want to, live how you can.
Don't live off your sister any more.
Don't live that way.
Don't lock me out.
Don't lock the door when you go to the bathroom.
Don't lock the door.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Don't look any further.
Don't look at Tom and me.
Don't look at Tom, look at me.
Don't look at Tom.
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.
Don't look at her enviously.
Don't look at her picture.
Don't look at her!
Don't look at her.
Don't look at her. Look at me.
Don't look at him!
Don't look at him.
Don't look at him. Look at me.
Don't look at it anymore, please!
Don't look at it!
Don't look at it.
Don't look at life as winning and losing.
Don't look at me like that!
Don't look at me like that.
Don't look at me like this.
Don't look at me that way!
Don't look at me that way, I haven't done anything bad.
Don't look at me that way, or I'll fall even deeper in love with you.
Don't look at me that way.
Don't look at me with revulsion.
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
Don't look at me with those eyes.
Don't look at me!
Don't look at me! I haven't done anything.
Don't look at me, don't stare at me, demon, don't stare, I can't bear it!
Don't look at me.
Don't look at me. I didn't tell her.
Don't look at me. I didn't tell him.
Don't look at that!
Don't look at that.
Don't look at the camera.
Don't look at the dog in the eye.
Don't look at the eclipse next time.
Don't look at the sun.
Don't look at the teacher like that!
Don't look at them!
Don't look at them.
Don't look at them. Look at me.
Don't look at this!
Don't look at us.
Don't look away from me when you're talking.
Don't look away from me.
Don't look away idly; just pay attention to what you're doing.
Don't look away when I'm talking to you.
Don't look away.
Don't look back cause you know what you might see.
Don't look back on your past.
Don't look back.
Don't look back. Focus on the future.
Don't look back. You are never completely alone.
Don't look directly at Tom.
Don't look directly at her.
Don't look directly at him.
Don't look directly at the sun.
Don't look directly at them.
Don't look down on a man because he is poor.
Don't look down on him just because he's poor.
Don't look down on him merely because he is poor.
Don't look down on others because they are poor.
Don't look down on others.
Don't look down on poor people.
Don't look down on the poor.
Don't look down on them just because they are poor.
Don't look down on yourself, because people have limitless possibilities.
Don't look down!
Don't look down.
Don't look for affection from people. Just get a pet, like a cat.
Don't look for how to do it, find out how not to prevent yourself.
Don't look for me never again!
Don't look for me.
Don't look for the fly in the ointment.
Don't look for the way, just remove the obstacles.
Don't look for trouble.
Don't look for us.
Don't look here now.
Don't look in my bedroom.
Don't look in my closet.
Don't look into it.
Don't look into my room.
Don't look into the abyss. Otherwise, the abyss will gaze into you.
Don't look into the box.
Don't look like a moron.
Don't look like that.
Don't look now, but there's a hot guy checking you out.
Don't look now.
Don't look only on the dark side of life.
Don't look out of the window.
Don't look out the window, focus on your studies.
Don't look out the window.
Don't look out the window. Concentrate on your work.
Don't look over here.
Don't look over there.
Don't look so awestruck.
Don't look so conspicuous over there.
Don't look so depressed.
Don't look so disappointed.
Don't look so distraught.
Don't look so downcast, Tom.
Don't look so fiercely at me.
Don't look so grim.
Don't look so happy about it.
Don't look so hurt.
Don't look so sad.
Don't look so shocked.
Don't look so stunned.
Don't look so surprised.
Don't look so suspicious.
Don't look so upset.
Don't look so worried.
Don't look surprised.
Don't look that up.
Don't look their daughters in the eyes.
Don't look there.
Don't look through my stuff.
Don't look through the keyhole.
Don't look to me for any help except in case of emergency.
Don't look too much into the sunlight, you'll hurt your eyes.
Don't look up my skirt, you pervert!
Don't look up.
Don't look!
Don't look, mum.
Don't look, there!
Don't look.
Don't lose any sleep over it.
Don't lose confidence, Mike.
Don't lose confidence.
Don't lose consciousness!
Don't lose courage, kid.
Don't lose faith.
Don't lose focus on your main idea.
Don't lose focus.
Don't lose heart now.
Don't lose heart!
Don't lose heart, Tom.
Don't lose heart.
Don't lose heart. You are bound to find someone else.
Don't lose heart; you'll see that the police will bring him home safely.
Don't lose hope.
Don't lose it.
Don't lose my number.
Don't lose patience.
Don't lose sight of each other.
Don't lose sight of him.
Don't lose sight of what you're doing.
Don't lose sight of what you're here for.
Don't lose sight of your children.
Don't lose sleep over that.
Don't lose that.
Don't lose the keys this time, okay?
Don't lose these sheets of paper!
Don't lose this key.
Don't lose this receipt.
Don't lose time!
Don't lose your Berber language.
Don't lose your audience.
Don't lose your bravery.
Don't lose your cool.
Don't lose your dignity in front of these people.
Don't lose your glasses.
Don't lose your handbag.
Don't lose your head whatever she says.
Don't lose your head.
Don't lose your mind.
Don't lose your nerve!
Don't lose your nerve, Tom!
Don't lose your nerve.
Don't lose your optimism.
Don't lose your patience!
Don't lose your patience.
Don't lose your purse.
Don't lose your sense of humor.
Don't lose your sense of humour.
Don't lose your temper no matter what Tom says.
Don't lose your temper no matter what he says.
Don't lose your temper whatever he may say.
Don't lose your temper.
Don't love two people at a time.
Don't love two people at the same time.
Don't love using words or language, but love by actions and truth.
Don't lower your eyes.
Don't lump all these issues together. You need to give every single one careful consideration.
Don't lump me in with him.
Don't lump me in with them.
Don't made a big deal out of this.
Don't make Dad worry about you.
Don't make Tom and Mary do that.
Don't make Tom angry.
Don't make Tom cry.
Don't make Tom do that.
Don't make Tom do this.
Don't make Tom leave.
Don't make a big deal out of it.
Don't make a big deal out of nothing.
Don't make a decision just yet.
Don't make a decision right now.
Don't make a face like that.
Don't make a fool of him.
Don't make a fool of me.
Don't make a fool of the poor.
Don't make a fool of yourself!
Don't make a fool of yourself.
Don't make a fuss about trifles.
Don't make a fuss over Tom.
Don't make a fuss!
Don't make a fuss.
Don't make a habit out of it.
Don't make a liar out of me, Tom.
Don't make a mess of it.
Don't make a mess.
Don't make a mistake.
Don't make a mountain out of a mole hill.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
Don't make a noise in the library.
Don't make a noise while your father is asleep.
Don't make a noise.
Don't make a nuisance of yourself.
Don't make a promise which you cannot keep.
Don't make a scene in public.
Don't make a scene in such a public place.
Don't make a scene!
Don't make a scene.
Don't make a show of yourself.
Don't make a sound.
Don't make a spectacle of yourself crying in the street.
Don't make abrupt moves.
Don't make an elephant out of a fly!
Don't make an enemy of Tom.
Don't make an enemy of him.
Don't make any calls.
Don't make any changes.
Don't make any decisions tonight.
Don't make any dinner plans.
Don't make any excuses.
Don't make any hasty moves because you'll make a mistake.
Don't make any loud noises.
Don't make any noise because I am ill.
Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
Don't make any noise!
Don't make any noise, I'm studying.
Don't make any noise.
Don't make any noise. Keep quiet.
Don't make any quick decisions.
Don't make any rash decisions.
Don't make any sudden movements.
Don't make any sudden moves.
Don't make any trouble.
Don't make claims unless you can back them up.
Don't make coffee for Tom.
Don't make everything about yourself.
Don't make everything absolute.
Don't make excuses.
Don't make eye contact!
Don't make eye contact.
Don't make faces.
Don't make factual statements without a source.
Don't make false accusations against me.
Don't make fools of yourselves.
Don't make fun of Tom.
Don't make fun of a child for crying.
Don't make fun of children.
Don't make fun of foreigners' mistakes in Japanese.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
Don't make fun of her. She just chugged three bottles of beer.
Don't make fun of him because he cannot write his name.
Don't make fun of him.
Don't make fun of me when I'm speaking seriously.
Don't make fun of me when I'm talking seriously.
Don't make fun of me!
Don't make fun of me, Tom.
Don't make fun of me.
Don't make fun of me. I'm serious.
Don't make fun of old people.
Don't make fun of other people.
Don't make fun of others.
Don't make fun of people!
Don't make fun of people.
Don't make fun of that child.
Don't make fun of the new student!
Don't make fun of the voodoo priestess.
Don't make fun of them.
Don't make fun of your boss.
Don't make fun of yourself that way.
Don't make generalizations.
Don't make hard what's easy.
Don't make her angry.
Don't make her regret it.
Don't make him angry.
Don't make him regret it.
Don't make iftar into gluttony!
Don't make it a habit.
Don't make it any more difficult.
Don't make it cheap.
Don't make it dirty!
Don't make it easy for Tom.
Don't make it easy for her.
Don't make it easy for him.
Don't make it hard for me.
Don't make it personal.
Don't make it too spicy!
Don't make it too spicy.
Don't make it worse.
Don't make light of his advice.
Don't make light of it.
Don't make light of life.
Don't make light of me.
Don't make light of this advice.
Don't make little of me.
Don't make matters worse.
Don't make me angry.
Don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
Don't make me answer that question.
Don't make me any more unhappy than I already am!
Don't make me any more unhappy than I already am.
Don't make me ask you again.
Don't make me beg for it.
Don't make me beg you.
Don't make me beg.
Don't make me better than I am.
Don't make me blush.
Don't make me change that policy.
Don't make me choose.
Don't make me clean up after you again.
Don't make me come after you, Tom.
Don't make me come after you.
Don't make me come back here.
Don't make me come down there!
Don't make me come down there.
Don't make me come in there!
Don't make me come in there.
Don't make me cry.
Don't make me dance.
Don't make me dig the truth out of you.
Don't make me disobey a direct order.
Don't make me do it again.
Don't make me do it.
Don't make me do that again.
Don't make me do that.
Don't make me do this the hard way.
Don't make me do this to you.
Don't make me do this.
Don't make me drag you!
Don't make me eat this.
Don't make me ever say this to you again.
Don't make me feel bad about doing what I did.
Don't make me get my belt.
Don't make me get the belt.
Don't make me get up.
Don't make me go back there.
Don't make me go home.
Don't make me go in there.
Don't make me go there.
Don't make me go to school.
Don't make me go.
Don't make me ground you.
Don't make me guess.
Don't make me hear more of your stories.
Don't make me hit you.
Don't make me hug Tom.
Don't make me hurt you again.
Don't make me hurt you.
Don't make me kill you.
Don't make me laugh!
Don't make me laugh.
Don't make me leave.
Don't make me lose my patience.
Don't make me mad.
Don't make me pavlova tonight.
Don't make me prove it to you.
Don't make me pull the trigger.
Don't make me pull this car over!
Don't make me regret it.
Don't make me regret lending you this money.
Don't make me regret letting your stay here.
Don't make me regret revealing my true identity to you.
Don't make me regret telling you who I really am.
Don't make me regret this.
Don't make me repeat myself again.
Don't make me repeat myself.
Don't make me sad.
Don't make me say it again and again.
Don't make me say it again.
Don't make me say it twice.
Don't make me say it.
Don't make me say the same thing over and over again!
Don't make me shoot you again.
Don't make me shoot you in the back, Tom.
Don't make me shoot you.
Don't make me sing.
Don't make me sit up.
Don't make me slap you.
Don't make me sorry.
Don't make me stand here.
Don't make me stay.
Don't make me study French.
Don't make me suffer.
Don't make me teach French.
Don't make me try too hard.
Don't make me use force.
Don't make me use this gun.
Don't make me use this.
Don't make me wait like this.
Don't make me wait long.
Don't make me wait so long next time.
Don't make me wait so long.
Don't make me wait too long.
Don't make me wait!
Don't make me wait.
Don't make me wish I didn't give you permission to do that?
Don't make mistakes!
Don't make mistakes.
Don't make my job harder.
Don't make noise here.
Don't make noise when you eat soup.
Don't make noise while eating soup.
Don't make noise!
Don't make noise, you don't want to wake the dog.
Don't make noise.
Don't make noise. Keep quiet.
Don't make noises when you eat soup.
Don't make promises that you can't keep.
Don't make promises that you can't or don't intend to keep.
Don't make promises that you cannot keep.
Don't make promises that you don't intend to keep.
Don't make promises when you're happy.
Don't make promises you can't keep.
Don't make rejection personal.
Don't make rude jokes in front of my father.
Don't make silly faces, or your face will get stuck like that.
Don't make so much noise in the room.
Don't make so much noise.
Don't make something impossible your goal.
Don't make spears out of the junk in the backyard.
Don't make sport of her.
Don't make sport of me.
Don't make stupid jokes.
Don't make such a big deal out of small things.
Don't make such a gloomy face.
Don't make such a mean face.
Don't make such a mistake.
Don't make such a noise here.
Don't make such a noise!
Don't make such a parade of your wealth.
Don't make such a racket!
Don't make such a sour face!
Don't make such a sour face.
Don't make such careless mistakes.
Don't make sudden movements when you drive.
Don't make that a habit.
Don't make that expression.
Don't make that face or it will freeze that way.
Don't make that face or it's going to get stuck like that.
Don't make that face.
Don't make that face. It will freeze that way.
Don't make that hopeless face; nothing is finished!
Don't make that hopeless face; nothing is over!
Don't make the mistake of reading too much into this.
Don't make the perm too tight, please.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
Don't make the same mistake I made.
Don't make the same mistake again.
Don't make the same mistake that I made.
Don't make the same mistake twice.
Don't make the same mistake twice. There are plenty of other options.
Don't make the same mistake you did last time.
Don't make the same mistakes I did.
Don't make the same mistakes I made.
Don't make the same mistakes that I did.
Don't make the same mistakes that I made.
Don't make the same mistakes that Tom made.
Don't make the suspense last.
Don't make them angry.
Don't make things complicated.
Don't make things more difficult for me.
Don't make things worse!
Don't make things worse.
Don't make this decision today.
Don't make this difficult, Tom.
Don't make this harder on yourself.
Don't make this harder on yourselves.
Don't make this personal.
Don't make those lame-ass excuses, bitch!
Don't make those windshield chips worse.
Don't make trouble in my absence.
Don't make trouble, as usual.
Don't make trouble.
Don't make unfounded claims.
Don't make up a story.
Don't make up scenarios that don't exist.
Don't make up your mind just yet.
Don't make us angry.
Don't make us do that again.
Don't make us do that.
Don't make us do this.
Don't make your fucking jokes all the time.
Don't make your instructions into questions.
Don't make yourself busy thinking about what will happen in a month, Nor in a year, Just concentrate on what is going to happen in the 24 hours in front of you.
Don't make yourself nervous!
Don't make yourself unhappy.
Don't malinger by making your sprain sound worse than it is.
Don't manhandle the women.
Don't marry Tom.
Don't marry her.
Don't marry him.
Don't marry that man. He will hurt you.
Don't marry that man. He'll do you wrong.
Don't marry that man. He'll treat you bad.
Don't marry. Be happy!
Don't massacre your animals.
Don't matter, whichever piece is fine.
Don't meddle in Tom's affairs.
Don't meddle in a quarrel between a husband and his wife.
Don't meddle in his affairs.
Don't meddle in my affairs.
Don't meddle in my personal matters.
Don't meddle in other people's affairs.
Don't meddle in other people's lives.
Don't meddle in things that are none of your business.
Don't meddle with his thing.
Don't meddle with my thing.
Don't meddle with what doesn't concern you.
Don't meddle.
Don't meet trouble halfway!
Don't meet up with Ziri at all.
Don't mention Tom.
Don't mention him again.
Don't mention it to Mary.
Don't mention it to Tom.
Don't mention it to her.
Don't mention it to him.
Don't mention it to them.
Don't mention it!
Don't mention it, Tom.
Don't mention it, sweetheart.
Don't mention it.
Don't mention my father.
Don't mention my name.
Don't mention our plan to anybody.
Don't mention rope in the home of a hanged man.
Don't mention that name.
Don't mention that she's put on weight.
Don't mention that to Tom.
Don't mention the matter to him.
Don't mention the war!
Don't mention this matter to Tom.
Don't mention this matter.
Don't mention this to Tom.
Don't mention this to anyone.
Don't mention this to her.
Don't mention this to him.
Don't mention this to them.
Don't mess around and finish your meal quickly.
Don't mess around!
Don't mess around.
Don't mess everything up!
Don't mess it up.
Don't mess me around!
Don't mess them up.
Don't mess things up.
Don't mess up my lipstick.
Don't mess up my system.
Don't mess with Africans.
Don't mess with Algerians.
Don't mess with Skura.
Don't mess with Texas.
Don't mess with Tom.
Don't mess with fire.
Don't mess with her.
Don't mess with him.
Don't mess with lightning.
Don't mess with me again, or you'll pick up your teeth with broken fingers.
Don't mess with me or else you'll regret it.
Don't mess with me!
Don't mess with me, I've got you!
Don't mess with me, Tom!
Don't mess with me, Tom.
Don't mess with me.
Don't mess with my dog.
Don't mess with my friend again.
Don't mess with my stuff.
Don't mess with the dosage.
Don't mess with them.
Don't mess with us Russians!
Don't mess with us.
Don't message Ziri back.
Don't micromanage your children.
Don't micromanage.
Don't microwave food in the office.
Don't mince words. Tell me what you really think.
Don't mind Mary — she's totally nuts.
Don't mind Tom and Mary; they're totally nuts.
Don't mind Tom.
Don't mind Tom. He's a little retarded.
Don't mind Tom; he's totally nuts.
Don't mind her.
Don't mind him.
Don't mind him. He's going through a breakup.
Don't mind if I do!
Don't mind me, I'm just worrying myself over nothing.
Don't mind me, Tom. Just keep doing whatever it is you were doing.
Don't mind me.
Don't mind me. I'm just venting.
Don't mind me. Just keep doing what you were doing.
Don't mind me. Party on.
Don't mind the haters.
Don't mind the money at all.
Don't mind us.
Don't mind what others think.
Don't mind, it's nothing.
Don't minimize the bad things you did.
Don't misbehave.
Don't misgender me.
Don't misjudge me.
Don't mislead me.
Don't mislead people.
Don't misrepresent your age!
Don't misrepresent yourself.
Don't miss it.
Don't miss out on the fun.
Don't miss out on this opportunity.
Don't miss out!
Don't miss the bus.
Don't miss the opportunity of taking this trip!
Don't miss the opportunity.
Don't miss the train this afternoon!
Don't miss this amazing opportunity.
Don't miss this celebration.
Don't miss this chance.
Don't miss this incredible opportunity.
Don't miss this one.
Don't miss this opportunity.
Don't miss what's happening on Tatoeba.
Don't miss your chance to do that.
Don't miss!
Don't mistake Tom's silence for agreement.
Don't mistake my silence for agreement.
Don't mistake reaction for action.
Don't mistake sugar for salt.
Don't mistreat small animals!
Don't misunderestimate yourself.
Don't misunderstand me, but my mind is really occupied.
Don't misunderstand me, we aren't promising you anything.
Don't misunderstand me.
Don't misunderstand me; we are not making any promises.
Don't misunderstand my words.
Don't misunderstand what I'm saying.
Don't misuse the club's funds.
Don't misuse this product!
Don't mix ammonia and bleach together.
Don't mix business with pleasure.
Don't mix energy drinks with alcohol.
Don't mix everything together.
Don't mix everything.
Don't mix me up.
Don't mix my towels with yours.
Don't mix sugar with salt.
Don't mix the dishcloths with the serviettes.
Don't mix up comets and asteroids.
Don't mix up effectiveness and efficiency.
Don't mix up the Americas with the United States of America, or citizens of the Americas with citizens of the United States.
Don't mix up the threads.
Don't mix wheat with rye.
Don't mock me anymore.
Don't mock me!
Don't mock me.
Don't mock people, it's wrong.
Don't mock the dead.
Don't monkey around with my papers.
Don't monologue!
Don't mothers do that anymore?
Don't mothers kiss their children anymore?
Don't mourn over the loss of your loved one too long.
Don't mourn.
Don't move a muscle!
Don't move a muscle. Everybody stay frozen.
Don't move an inch.
Don't move anything.
Don't move from here.
Don't move from there.
Don't move from your spot.
Don't move or I'll shoot.
Don't move that box.
Don't move that spoon and glass.
Don't move them.
Don't move these books.
Don't move till I get back.
Don't move too fast.
Don't move too quickly.
Don't move unless I tell you.
Don't move until I tell you to.
Don't move your hands.
Don't move!
Don't move! You take a step and you die!
Don't move, I'll be the one settling.
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.
Don't move, please.
Don't move.
Don't move. Don't even breathe.
Don't move. I want to show you my Kabyle dress.
Don't move. There is a spider on your shoulder.
Don't mow your lawn in lightning.
Don't multi-post, idiot.
Don't mumble your words. You are too old for that.
Don't mumble, and speak up.
Don't mutilate children.
Don't mutilate kids.
Don't mutter to yourself under your breath, but speak clearly and distinctly.
Don't nag at me about washing the dishes.
Don't nag.
Don't neglect areas that need attention.
Don't neglect it.
Don't neglect reaching out.
Don't neglect regular maintenance and updates for your laptop.
Don't neglect to flush, it's a basic courtesy.
Don't neglect your business.
Don't neglect your daily responsibilities.
Don't neglect your teeth, brush them every day.
Don't neglect your work.
Don't nick others' things mate.
Don't nitpick me in public.
Don't nitpick!
Don't normalize reactionary extremists by calling them "conservatives."
Don't nose about my room.
Don't obey her.
Don't obey him!
Don't obey him.
Don't obey that man.
Don't obey your boss blindly.
Don't obfuscate the reality of what happened in the Holocaust by drawing exaggerated comparisons.
Don't obsess over numbers. Numerology is nothing more than pseudoscience.
Don't obtain wealth at the expense of your conscience.
Don't offend anyone!
Don't offend me.
Don't omit any details.
Don't only focus on yourself.
Don't only look at the dark side.
Don't open before the train stops.
Don't open it, please.
Don't open it.
Don't open suspicious emails or click on unknown links.
Don't open that box yet.
Don't open that door for anybody.
Don't open that door, not even for an instant!
Don't open that door.
Don't open that folder. Unless you want to see queer furry porn.
Don't open that.
Don't open the book.
Don't open the box yet.
Don't open the box. There could be a bomb inside.
Don't open the door for anybody.
Don't open the door for anyone.
Don't open the door no matter who comes.
Don't open the door till the train stops.
Don't open the door!
Don't open the door.
Don't open the doors.
Don't open the present yet.
Don't open the window!
Don't open the window! I'm cold!
Don't open the window.
Don't open the windows.
Don't open this box.
Don't open this door, please.
Don't open this door.
Don't open this gift until Christmas.
Don't open this letter until you're out of the country.
Don't open this present until Christmas.
Don't open this window.
Don't open those bottles right here.
Don't open those windows.
Don't open your book.
Don't open your books.
Don't open your mouth if you are not certain that what you want to say is better than silence.
Don't open your mouth!
Don't open your mouth, and your physiognomy demonstrates a preoccupation.
Don't open your mouth.
Don't open your umbrella in here.
Don't open your umbrella in the hall.
Don't open your umbrella in the lobby.
Don't oppose him.
Don't order any room service.
Don't order anything for me.
Don't over season the food.
Don't over-egg the pudding, Tom.
Don't over-tighten the nut.
Don't overanalyze everything you do.
Don't overcommunicate in detail.
Don't overcook the pasta.
Don't overcrowd the fish tank with too many fish.
Don't overcrowd the turtle's tank with too many decorations.
Don't overdo it and wear yourself out, now.
Don't overdo it like that.
Don't overdo it.
Don't overdo the wine.
Don't overdress.
Don't overdry your towels.
Don't overexert yourself.
Don't overexert yourselves.
Don't overfeed the fish, they can get sick.
Don't overfeed your dog.
Don't overflatter a child.
Don't overload the dishwasher; it can affect its cleaning efficiency.
Don't overload the dishwasher; it can impact the dishwasher's cleaning efficiency.
Don't overload the fridge door with heavy items; it can damage the hinges.
Don't overpack.
Don't overpersonalize things.
Don't overreact to the bad news -- take it easy.
Don't overshare information.
Don't oversimplify.
Don't overstate your contributions.
Don't overstep my boundaries.
Don't overstep the mark!
Don't overthink it!
Don't overthink it.
Don't overthink that.
Don't overuse exclamation marks.
Don't overwork yourself.
Don't overwork yourself. You must conserve your energy for tomorrow.
Don't overwork, will you?
Don't paint the devil on the wall.
Don't paint yourself into a corner.
Don't pamper Tom.
Don't panic over something like that.
Don't panic!
Don't panic, Dan.
Don't panic, just grab your towel.
Don't panic, yet.
Don't panic.
Don't panic. I'm sure Tom will know how to handle this problem.
Don't panic. It won't help you, and it certainly won't help your husband.
Don't panic. It's an earthquake.
Don't park here.
Don't park there.
Don't park your books on the table.
Don't park your car here.
Don't participate in office gossip.
Don't participate in the office gossip.
Don't pass judgment too quickly.
Don't pass me over.
Don't pass out on me.
Don't pass the buck to others.
Don't pass your work off to me.
Don't pat me on the head as if I were a child!
Don't pat me on the head like I'm still a child!
Don't patronise me.
Don't patronize me under the guise of concern.
Don't patronize me.
Don't pay Mary any mind; she's completely crazy.
Don't pay Tom and Mary any mind — they're totally crazy.
Don't pay Tom any mind — he's completely crazy.
Don't pay any attention to Tom.
Don't pay any attention to her whims.
Don't pay any attention to her.
Don't pay any attention to him.
Don't pay any attention to it.
Don't pay any attention to that.
Don't pay any attention to the boss.
Don't pay any attention to them at all.
Don't pay any attention to what Tom said.
Don't pay any attention to what Tom says.
Don't pay any attention to what he says.
Don't pay any attention to what he tells you.
Don't pay any attention to what people say.
Don't pay any attention to what we were saying about Mary.
Don't pay any attention to what we were saying about Tom.
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.
Don't pay attention to Tom.
Don't pay attention to anger or your mind will be disturbed.
Don't pay attention to anything they tell you.
Don't pay attention to her.
Don't pay attention to her. She's just jealous.
Don't pay attention to him.
Don't pay attention to him. He's a bit of a nutcase.
Don't pay attention to him. He's a real dingbat.
Don't pay attention to them.
Don't pay attention to what Tom says.
Don't pay attention to what everyone else says. What matters is what you think.
Don't pay it any heed.
Don't pay lip service to me.
Don't pay more for something than you have to.
Don't pay more for something than you need to.
Don't pee on an electric fence.
Don't peek.
Don't people tell you that you look like Tom?
Don't people tell you you look like Audrey Hepburn?
Don't permit Mary to do that by herself.
Don't permit Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
Don't permit Tom to do that by himself.
Don't permit Tom to do that.
Don't personify animals!
Don't pester me.
Don't phone her now.
Don't phone me any more.
Don't phone me between one and two, as I'll be at lunch.
Don't phone me tonight.
Don't phone me when I'm at the office.
Don't phone me while I'm at the office.
Don't pick at me.
Don't pick at your food.
Don't pick at your scabs.
Don't pick flowers from the flowerbed.
Don't pick it up!
Don't pick it up.
Don't pick on me, please.
Don't pick on younger kids.
Don't pick slimy things up off the ground.
Don't pick that up. It's dirty.
Don't pick the bark off trees.
Don't pick the flowers.
Don't pick unnecessary fights.
Don't pick up at the scab and make it bleed.
Don't pick up that bracelet; it's cursed.
Don't pick up that phone.
Don't pick up the baby unless I'm with you.
Don't pick up the cat.
Don't pick up the phone.
Don't pick your nose!
Don't pick your nose.
Don't pick your teeth in front of me.
Don't pig out on ice cream.
Don't pigeonhole me! I can do more than one thing.
Don't pinch Tom.
Don't pinch me.
Don't pinch my cheeks.
Don't piss Fadil off.
Don't piss me off!
Don't piss me off.
Don't piss on my leg and tell me it's raining.
Don't piss outside the bowl.
Don't place any heavy objects on top of the laptop.
Don't place discs face down.
Don't place heavy objects on top of the console.
Don't place heavy objects on top of the tablet.
Don't place hot dishes directly into the refrigerator; let them cool first.
Don't place hot food directly in the fridge; let it cool first.
Don't place such importance on what other people say.
Don't place tightly sealed containers in the microwave; they can explode.
Don't plan the future; whatever is to happen, will happen on time.
Don't plan to eat at Chuck's Diner. It's closed.
Don't play Tom at poker.
Don't play about with that plug socket!
Don't play along.
Don't play around on the way back from school.
Don't play around on your way back home.
Don't play around on your way home.
Don't play around the well, it's unsafe.
Don't play around too much after school.
Don't play around with my shoes.
Don't play around with the glass.
Don't play ball in this room.
Don't play baseball here.
Don't play baseball in the park.
Don't play catch in the room.
Don't play catch in this room.
Don't play catch.
Don't play chess with a pigeon.
Don't play coy with me.
Don't play dead.
Don't play dumb with me.
Don't play dumb with us.
Don't play dumb!
Don't play dumb! You know it's you.
Don't play dumb, Tom.
Don't play dumb.
Don't play dumb. Answer my question properly!
Don't play dumb. Even you know that your arguments hold less water than cheap paper towels, right?
Don't play dumb. I know you.
Don't play dumb. You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Don't play dumb. You know very well what I'm talking about.
Don't play dumb. You know very well what we're talking about.
Don't play for too long.
Don't play games on your phone for too long, it's not good for you.
Don't play games with me!
Don't play games with me.
Don't play games.
Don't play golf in lightning.
Don't play hard to get with me.
Don't play here.
Don't play in that room.
Don't play in the forest after dark.
Don't play in the kitchen.
Don't play in the living room.
Don't play in the road.
Don't play in the street.
Don't play in the street—it's dangerous.
Don't play in this room.
Don't play innocent with me.
Don't play innocent.
Don't play into their game.
Don't play me for a fool.
Don't play near the campfire, it can be dangerous.
Don't play near the cliffs, they can be unstable.
Don't play near the edge of the cliff.
Don't play near the stove, it's not a toy.
Don't play near the well, it's a hazard.
Don't play on my compassion.
Don't play on the job.
Don't play poker with Tom.
Don't play poker with her.
Don't play poker with him.
Don't play poker with them.
Don't play rough with the cat, she's not a toy.
Don't play rough with the kittens, they're small and delicate.
Don't play schoolteacher with me.
Don't play stupid with me!
Don't play tag at the garage.
Don't play that game.
Don't play the ape!
Don't play the blame game.
Don't play the innocent with me.
Don't play the martyr.
Don't play the race card.
Don't play the victim if you're the one pointing the gun.
Don't play their game.
Don't play too close to the TV, it's not safe.
Don't play too close to the fireplace, it's not safe.
Don't play too close to the water, it's risky.
Don't play tough.
Don't play with Islam.
Don't play with fire if you don't want to get burned.
Don't play with fire — you risk getting burned.
Don't play with fire!
Don't play with fire.
Don't play with her feelings!
Don't play with her feelings.
Don't play with his feelings!
Don't play with matches.
Don't play with me!
Don't play with me, you're in my hands!
Don't play with me.
Don't play with my emotions by pretending to have feelings that aren't real.
Don't play with my toys.
Don't play with open fire.
Don't play with that gun. It's not a toy.
Don't play with that key!
Don't play with that.
Don't play with the dog.
Don't play with the food.
Don't play with the key.
Don't play with the mud. You're getting dirty.
Don't play with the radio's buttons too much, it might break.
Don't play with the stool.
Don't play with the toilet water.
Don't play with toothpicks near your mouth.
Don't play with your belly button piercing during the healing period.
Don't play with your food.
Don't play with your phone while you're eating.
Don't play. Work!
Don't plow your field in lightning.
Don't point a firearm at anyone you don't intend to shoot.
Don't point a gun at anyone you don't intend to shoot.
Don't point a gun at anyone you're not planning on shooting.
Don't point at me with your finger.
Don't point at me.
Don't point at others.
Don't point at people.
Don't point that thing at me.
Don't point the finger at others, point the finger at yourself.
Don't point the laser at my face!
Don't point your finger at me.
Don't point your gun at anyone.
Don't point your gun at me.
Don't poke a sleeping bear.
Don't poke fun at foreigners.
Don't poke the bear.
Don't poke your eye out with that.
Don't poke your nose into my private life.
Don't ponder on it too long or someone else will buy it out from under you.
Don't poop on me.
Don't pose for your picture until the contest is over.
Don't post drunk pictures on Facebook or Twitter.
Don't pour hot water into a glass, or it may crack.
Don't pour hot water into the glass or it will crack.
Don't pout.
Don't praise yourself!
Don't prance about. Sit down and pay attention.
Don't press it.
Don't press that button.
Don't press the button.
Don't press the wrong button.
Don't press this button.
Don't press too hard on the glass or you'll make the windshield crack even worse.
Don't press your heels down.
Don't press your luck, kid.
Don't press your luck.
Don't press your opinion on me.
Don't press your opinions on me.
Don't pressure Tom.
Don't pressure her.
Don't pressure him.
Don't pressure me.
Don't pressure me. Let me think about it.
Don't pressure them.
Don't presume of me!
Don't presume to tell me how to raise my children!
Don't pretend I don't exist.
Don't pretend like nothing's wrong.
Don't pretend like you don't know what I'm talking about!
Don't pretend like you have an emotion.
Don't pretend nothing's wrong.
Don't pretend that nothing's wrong.
Don't pretend that you don't know French.
Don't pretend that you don't know me!
Don't pretend that you don't know me.
Don't pretend that you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't pretend that you don't know what this is about.
Don't pretend that you don't know.
Don't pretend that you're on my side.
Don't pretend that you're sorry. I know that you're not.
Don't pretend that you're surprised.
Don't pretend to be braver than you are.
Don't pretend to be interested in it.
Don't pretend to be so innocent.
Don't pretend to be so open.
Don't pretend to be somebody you aren't.
Don't pretend to be someone else.
Don't pretend to be someone that you're not.
Don't pretend to be someone you're not.
Don't pretend what you don't feel.
Don't pretend you can't hear.
Don't pretend you don't care about the baby.
Don't pretend you don't know anything.
Don't pretend you don't know me!
Don't pretend you don't know me.
Don't pretend you don't know what I mean.
Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't pretend you don't know what this is about.
Don't pretend you don't know.
Don't pretend you haven't thought about it.
Don't pretend you know what I mean.
Don't pretend you're doing me a favor.
Don't pretend you're doing me a favour.
Don't pretend you're so innocent.
Don't pretend you're sorry. I know you're not.
Don't prevent Tom from doing it.
Don't procrastinate.
Don't prod your food with your fork like that.
Don't promise anything.
Don't promise what you can't give.
Don't promote lies about Muslims.
Don't provoke Tom.
Don't provoke me.
Don't provoke that wasp.
Don't provoke the beast.
Don't pry into my private life.
Don't pry into people's lives.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
Don't pry.
Don't pull another rope.
Don't pull any punches.
Don't pull faces.
Don't pull it. Push it open.
Don't pull like that! You'll rip my clothes.
Don't pull me.
Don't pull my leg!
Don't pull my leg, tell me the truth.
Don't pull my sleeve.
Don't pull on the dog's leash.
Don't pull such a sour face!
Don't pull that!
Don't pull the cat's tail, it hurts her.
Don't pull the plug yet.
Don't pull the trigger.
Don't pull your hair out over rent, I'm sure we'll come up with the money somehow.
Don't pull, or you'll tangle the threads.
Don't pummel your brother.
Don't punish Tom for that.
Don't punish Tom.
Don't punish Yuri.
Don't punish him for breaking the window. He is not to blame.
Don't punish the boy severely; go easy on him.
Don't punish the children!
Don't punish the children.
Don't pursue base things.
Don't push it too far!
Don't push it, I won't tell you anything.
Don't push it.
Don't push me around.
Don't push me very hard. It's dangerous.
Don't push me!
Don't push me.
Don't push me. I'll do it.
Don't push my buttons, Yanni.
Don't push my buttons.
Don't push on the windshield too hard or else you'll make the crack worse.
Don't push or roughhouse near the pool, accidents can happen.
Don't push that button.
Don't push the wrong button.
Don't push this button.
Don't push this onto the children.
Don't push your agenda in our name.
Don't push your child into any vocation he dislikes.
Don't push your extreme concepts onto society.
Don't push your food around your plate.
Don't push your luck.
Don't push yourself too hard.
Don't push!
Don't push.
Don't push. I'm suffocating.
Don't pussyfoot around the issue; do we have a problem, or don't we?
Don't put "Chernobyl" on your résumé.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't put all your eggs in the same basket.
Don't put all your wealth on a boat.
Don't put any dumb ideas in his head.
Don't put any more on it.
Don't put any mustard on my sandwich.
Don't put any sugar in my coffee.
Don't put anything else in the boot.
Don't put anything else in the trunk.
Don't put anything in the bag.
Don't put anything off.
Don't put anything on the box.
Don't put anything on top of the box!
Don't put anything on top of the box.
Don't put aside such an important detail.
Don't put bell peppers in the bento.
Don't put books on the table.
Don't put children into the bag.
Don't put down his suggestions.
Don't put her under a microscope.
Don't put ideas in Tom's head.
Don't put in the cups together with the plates. They could break.
Don't put it on my desk.
Don't put it on the carpet!
Don't put it that way.
Don't put kids on puberty blockers.
Don't put me down.
Don't put me in a straitjacket, because I'm not crazy.
Don't put me in a straitjacket. I'm not crazy.
Don't put me in the middle of this.
Don't put me in the same class with them.
Don't put me on a pedestal!
Don't put me on hold.
Don't put much confidence in him.
Don't put off an apology.
Don't put off answering the letter.
Don't put off the work till tomorrow.
Don't put off those matters.
Don't put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Don't put off your departure on account of me.
Don't put on weight.
Don't put out the fire.
Don't put out your hand.
Don't put salt on my wounds!
Don't put so much on your plate! You can always have seconds.
Don't put so much pepper in the soup.
Don't put so much pressure on me.
Don't put such silly thoughts into his head.
Don't put sugar in my coffee.
Don't put sugar in the coffee.
Don't put that away yet.
Don't put that damp towel into the bag.
Don't put that in the bag.
Don't put that in your mouth.
Don't put that on the table.
Don't put that there. Somebody might trip over it.
Don't put the baby in the bag!
Don't put the blame on Tom!
Don't put the blame on me!
Don't put the blame on me.
Don't put the books in the shelf upside down.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Don't put the chair there.
Don't put the child into the bag!
Don't put the company in danger.
Don't put the cows in danger.
Don't put the environment at risk.
Don't put the glass near the edge of the table.
Don't put the horse behind the cart.
Don't put the kibosh on me.
Don't put the knife in your mouth.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
Don't put the table so close to the wall.
Don't put the wallet on the top of the heater.
Don't put the wet towel in the bag.
Don't put things here.
Don't put this huge burden on yourself.
Don't put this stuff off until later.
Don't put too much cheese on the pizza.
Don't put too much mustard on my sandwich.
Don't put too much pressure on the windshield or else you'll make the crack worse.
Don't put too much salt on mine.
Don't put words in my mouth that I haven't said.
Don't put words in my mouth.
Don't put words into my mouth.
Don't put your bag on the seat next to you.
Don't put your belongings on the dining-room table.
Don't put your books on the dining room table.
Don't put your books on the table.
Don't put your elbows on the table.
Don't put your feet on the table.
Don't put your finger in my face.
Don't put your finger in the wound.
Don't put your fingers in the meat grinder!
Don't put your greedy hands on my money.
Don't put your hand in the aquarium — the fish could bite your fingers clean off!
Don't put your hand out the window.
Don't put your hands in the spokes.
Don't put your hands out the window.
Don't put your head out of the window.
Don't put your horse behind the cart.
Don't put your legs on the table.
Don't put your safety at risk.
Don't put your things in the passage.
Don't put yourself down.
Don't put yourself in danger.
Don't put yourself out on my account.
Don't put yourselves in danger.
Don't quarrel over trifles.
Don't quarrel with a female crocodile.
Don't quarrel with him any more.
Don't quarrel with your bread and butter.
Don't quarrel.
Don't question my patriotism.
Don't question the Quran.
Don't question whether or whether not.
Don't quibble about the details.
Don't quibble.
Don't quit English.
Don't quit French.
Don't quit on me.
Don't quit sports.
Don't quit your day job.
Don't quit.
Don't quote me on that.
Don't quote me on this, but I agree with you.
Don't quote me on this, but I think there will be a severe storm tomorrow morning.
Don't quote me on this.
Don't quote me.
Don't race the car. We want to make it go as far as possible.
Don't rack your brain with this story.
Don't raise Tom's hopes too much.
Don't raise false hopes.
Don't raise my hopes like that.
Don't raise your hand at me!
Don't raise your voice above a whisper.
Don't raise your voice at me.
Don't raise your voice!
Don't raise your voice.
Don't ramble.
Don't reach for the moon, child.
Don't reach out your hand to a lion.
Don't react at all.
Don't react in anger.
Don't react to difficult people at work.
Don't react to that situation.
Don't react to them.
Don't react too rashly.
Don't read aloud, read to yourself.
Don't read books in a dark place.
Don't read books like this.
Don't read evil intentions into the ordinary actions of people around you.
Don't read in that room.
Don't read in the dark. It's not good for your eyes.
Don't read in this room.
Don't read my diary!
Don't read my diary.
Don't read my journal!
Don't read my journal.
Don't read random books.
Don't read such a book as this.
Don't read that book!
Don't read that book.
Don't read that book. Read this one.
Don't read that kind of book.
Don't read that propaganda.
Don't read that!
Don't read the comment section!
Don't read the comments section!
Don't read the comments!
Don't read the comments.
Don't read the letter in front of everyone.
Don't read this book!
Don't read this sentence.
Don't read too much into it.
Don't read too much into this.
Don't read under insufficient light, for it is bad for your eyes.
Don't read what's in the envelope. Just give it to Tom.
Don't read while eating.
Don't reckon that he'd lend you some money.
Don't recommend a bald guy to buy a comb.
Don't refer to it again.
Don't refer to me like that just because I have a liking for men.
Don't refer to this matter again, please.
Don't regard me as your father anymore.
Don't regret it, Tom.
Don't regret spending the money.
Don't regret the past.
Don't regret what happened yesterday.
Don't regret what's past.
Don't reject it out of hand.
Don't reject it wholesale.
Don't reject people.
Don't release that dog.
Don't release that prisoner.
Don't relegate me to the back office. I want to talk to the customers.
Don't rely on Tom too much.
Don't rely on Tom's help.
Don't rely on Tom.
Don't rely on him much.
Don't rely on him.
Don't rely on his help.
Don't rely on it! It's simply a disseminator of deceptions.
Don't rely on me, I can not do anything for you.
Don't rely on others too much.
Don't rely on others.
Don't rely on this.
Don't rely on what he says.
Don't rely on what he tells you.
Don't rely too much on others.
Don't rely too much on your guidebook.
Don't remind me of Tom, please.
Don't remind me of him!
Don't remind me of my tasks; I know them very well.
Don't remind me that I'm 50 years old; you know I'm afraid of growing old and losing my beauty.
Don't remind me!
Don't remind me.
Don't remind the orphan of his misfortunes!
Don't remove discs abruptly from players.
Don't remove your mask.
Don't remove your sweaters.
Don't repeat it!
Don't repeat or paraphrase the question you're being asked because it sounds patronizing.
Don't repeat such a careless mistake.
Don't repeat that in the future.
Don't repeat that word in God's house.
Don't repeat that.
Don't repeat the same mistake!
Don't repeat those heinous words.
Don't repeat what I told you to anybody.
Don't repeat what I told you to anyone.
Don't repeat what I've told you.
Don't repeat yourself!
Don't repeat yourself.
Don't replace kindness with evil.
Don't reply to the message.
Don't reply too quickly.
Don't represent me.
Don't repress your emotions.
Don't reproach your friend.
Don't resign. Force them to fire you.
Don't resist me.
Don't resist us.
Don't resist.
Don't resort to violence.
Don't respond to a racist with insults.
Don't respond to questions marked with an X.
Don't respond to that.
Don't respond.
Don't rest on your laurels!
Don't return evil for good.
Don't ride a bicycle on sand.
Don't ride that horse. He'll throw you.
Don't ride the brake, Tom.
Don't ride your bicycle on the sidewalk.
Don't ride your bike on the sidewalk.
Don't ridicule a child for crying.
Don't ridicule my cause!
Don't ring me any more.
Don't ring me tonight.
Don't ring me when I'm at the office.
Don't rip me off!
Don't risk anything!
Don't risk everything you've worked for.
Don't risk insulting your boss.
Don't risk it!
Don't risk it.
Don't risk putting everything in one boat.
Don't risk your fortune on that.
Don't risk your health by over drinking.
Don't risk your life for her!
Don't risk your life for him!
Don't risk your life for me.
Don't risk your life for nothing.
Don't risk your neck over something foolish.
Don't rock in the chair. It's going to break.
Don't rock the boat.
Don't rub it in, Tom.
Don't rub it in.
Don't rub your eyes when you've touched something dirty.
Don't rub your eyes.
Don't ruffle my hair.
Don't ruin books.
Don't ruin it for me.
Don't ruin my fun after all the pain that I put myself through.
Don't ruin our fun.
Don't ruin that for me.
Don't ruin the surprise.
Don't ruin your own happiness.
Don't rule it out completely.
Don't run a red light.
Don't run about wildly in the room.
Don't run across the road.
Don't run across the street.
Don't run after me any more.
Don't run around in the room.
Don't run around the classrooms.
Don't run around the house.
Don't run around the pool.
Don't run away from consequences, don't fear them; face them.
Don't run away from love.
Don't run away from me now.
Don't run away from what you need to do.
Don't run away.
Don't run down the stairs so noisily.
Don't run here.
Don't run in crowded areas; walk carefully.
Don't run in the hall.
Don't run in the hallways.
Don't run near the pond, you might slip and fall.
Don't run near the pool, you might slip and fall.
Don't run off.
Don't run on the beach, it's easy to trip and fall.
Don't run on the stairs.
Don't run on your sentences with commas.
Don't run risks.
Don't run so fast!
Don't run so fast.
Don't run so fast; I can't keep up with you.
Don't run through the halls, or you'll get someone hurt.
Don't run too fast on the grass, you might trip!
Don't run too fast, you might trip and fall.
Don't run yourself down, Tom.
Don't run!
Don't run, walk slowly.
Don't run.
Don't run. It's slippery.
Don't run. Walk slowly.
Don't rush Tom.
Don't rush and take your time to enjoy the scenery.
Don't rush into marriage.
Don't rush into something you might regret later.
Don't rush into the situation until you have all the details; hold your horses until you know where you are going.
Don't rush me.
Don't rush me. I'm thinking.
Don't rush on my account.
Don't rush things.
Don't rush to carry out an order, as it may be rescinded.
Don't rush to judgment!
Don't rush to my defense.
Don't rush to tibet.
Don't rush yourself.
Don't rush, take your time to brush each tooth carefully.
Don't rush.
Don't rush. Choose calmly.
Don't rush. It's not desperately urgent.
Don't rush: I didn't give you permission to; A permission that I vehemently refuse to give you.
Don't sabotage yourself.
Don't sacrifice your wants and desires for that.
Don't sacrifice yourself for other people.
Don't sass me.
Don't sass your father, Tom.
Don't save anything for a special occasion; every day you live is a special occasion.
Don't saw the branch that you're sitting on.
Don't say "I don't have a job". Say "I'm between two jobs".
Don't say 'but' to my suggestion.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Don't say I didn't warn.
Don't say I'm a sucker.
Don't say a single word!
Don't say a thing. I know what you want.
Don't say a word to anyone!
Don't say a word to anyone.
Don't say a word to me.
Don't say a word!
Don't say a word, baby.
Don't say a word.
Don't say another word about it.
Don't say another word.
Don't say anymore!
Don't say anything about anything.
Don't say anything about that!
Don't say anything about this to anybody.
Don't say anything about this to anyone.
Don't say anything about what happened here.
Don't say anything else.
Don't say anything more.
Don't say anything now.
Don't say anything stupid.
Don't say anything that might get you into trouble.
Don't say anything that you might regret later.
Don't say anything to Tom about this.
Don't say anything to Tom about what happened.
Don't say anything to Tom.
Don't say anything to anybody about what I told you.
Don't say anything to anybody.
Don't say anything to anyone.
Don't say anything to him.
Don't say anything to my girlfriend!
Don't say anything to the international press.
Don't say anything unless it's important.
Don't say anything unless someone asks you a question.
Don't say anything without thinking.
Don't say anything you're going to regret.
Don't say anything!
Don't say anything, OK?
Don't say anything.
Don't say anything. Just back up.
Don't say bad things about him.
Don't say bad things about others behind their backs.
Don't say bad things about others.
Don't say bullshit!
Don't say congratulations!
Don't say crazy things.
Don't say disreputable things.
Don't say disturbing things like, "I'll kill you."
Don't say goodbye.
Don't say heartbreaking things like that!
Don't say her name.
Don't say his name.
Don't say it again!
Don't say it again.
Don't say it behind my back.
Don't say it exactly like that.
Don't say it in a roundabout way.
Don't say it like that.
Don't say it.
Don't say mean words to anyone.
Don't say no!
Don't say no.
Don't say one word!
Don't say scary things with a smile.
Don't say shit.
Don't say something so dream-crushing in front of children.
Don't say something you'll regret later.
Don't say sorry, because you're not.
Don't say sorry.
Don't say stupid things like that anymore.
Don't say stupid things!
Don't say such a thing again.
Don't say such a thing behind her back!
Don't say such a thing behind her back.
Don't say such a thing in her absence.
Don't say such a thing.
Don't say such childish things.
Don't say such discouraging words.
Don't say such foolish things.
Don't say such heartbreaking things!
Don't say such ill-omened things.
Don't say such motivation-killing things.
Don't say such nonsensical things.
Don't say such pathetic things!
Don't say such stupid things!
Don't say such stupid things.
Don't say such things that hurt others' feelings.
Don't say such things while she's not present.
Don't say such things.
Don't say such upsetting things!
Don't say that about her. She's my friend.
Don't say that about her. She's my girlfriend.
Don't say that again.
Don't say that behind my back.
Don't say that in front of the children!
Don't say that in front of the children.
Don't say that in public.
Don't say that my calves are fat!
Don't say that name around me.
Don't say that out loud.
Don't say that to my girlfriend!
Don't say that to my girlfriend.
Don't say that to your mother!
Don't say that woman's name in this house.
Don't say that word again.
Don't say that word around here.
Don't say that word ever again.
Don't say that word.
Don't say that you can't do it before trying. You're not even doing it so how can you say that you can't do it?
Don't say that you did everything.
Don't say that you don't have a job. Say that you're between jobs.
Don't say that you don't.
Don't say that you weren't warned.
Don't say that you're bad. Ever!
Don't say that!
Don't say that, Tom.
Don't say that, you don't know me.
Don't say that.
Don't say the first thing that comes to your mind.
Don't say the word "wife."
Don't say these hideous words again!
Don't say things like "I want to die" so easily.
Don't say things like that.
Don't say things which cause you to become sad!
Don't say things which make you become sad!
Don't say things which make you get sad.
Don't say things which make you sad!
Don't say this anymore.
Don't say those kinds of things.
Don't say those things.
Don't say too much.
Don't say upsetting things like that!
Don't say weird things like that.
Don't say what you know! But know what you say!
Don't say what you know; know what you say.
Don't say you need to micturate, it makes you sound like a wanker. Just say you've got to go piss like a normal person.
Don't say you're all right if you're not all right.
Don't say, do.
Don't scab.
Don't scale back your ambition.
Don't scare Tom away.
Don't scare me like that!
Don't scare me like that, OK?
Don't scare me like that.
Don't scare me so much.
Don't scare the children.
Don't scare the girls.
Don't scare the kids.
Don't scatter the cattle.
Don't scatter your things about.
Don't scoff.
Don't scold her. She's too young to understand.
Don't scold her; she's too young to understand.
Don't scold your children in public.
Don't scowl at me like that.
Don't scowl.
Don't scrape your chair on the floor.
Don't scratch the sores.
Don't scratch your balls in public.
Don't scratch your mosquito bite. It'll get inflamed.
Don't scratch yourself!
Don't scream before you get injured.
Don't scream in my ear!
Don't scream when I stand next to you.
Don't scream!
Don't scream, or I'll scream louder.
Don't scream, or you're dead.
Don't scream.
Don't screw around with me.
Don't screw it up!
Don't screw me over!
Don't screw up!
Don't screw up. My ass is on the line.
Don't screw with me!
Don't scribble here.
Don't scrimp on your health.
Don't scroll your phone at meetings.
Don't search for logic behind it.
Don't search for logic behind this since there's none.
Don't see life in terms of money.
Don't see your language on Common Voice yet?
Don't seek approval from a sociopath.
Don't seek approval from assholes.
Don't seek approval from buttholes.
Don't seek happiness. It does not exist.
Don't seek out social validation.
Don't seek recognition from assholes.
Don't seek to have events happen as you wish, but wish them to happen as they do happen, and all will be well with you.
Don't seek validation from a sociopath.
Don't seek validation from assholes.
Don't seek validation from lazy assholes.
Don't sell any of my stuff.
Don't sell that.
Don't sell the bear's fur before hunting it.
Don't sell your stocks now.
Don't sell yourself short, Tom.
Don't sell yourself short.
Don't send Tom anywhere. Something could happen to him.
Don't send Tom do the shopping. He is always forgetting about something.
Don't send Tom there, please.
Don't send Tom there.
Don't send an email when you're feeling upset or angry.
Don't send cash in the mail.
Don't send it to me again.
Don't send it to me anymore.
Don't send kids to drag shows.
Don't send me away.
Don't send me back there.
Don't send me home, please.
Don't send me messages.
Don't send me notes anymore.
Don't send me to ask for peace.
Don't send so much.
Don't send that letter.
Don't send the picture to me; post it on Twitter.
Don't separate from each other.
Don't set foot in that neighborhood.
Don't set foot in the lion's den!
Don't set off the alarm.
Don't set the alarm off.
Don't set the dogs loose.
Don't set your expectations too high.
Don't set your failure down to bad luck.
Don't set yourself on fire to keep other people warm.
Don't set yourself unattainable goals.
Don't settle for a job; find a career.
Don't settle for imitations.
Don't settle for less.
Don't settle for what you have.
Don't sever that precious connection with your son.
Don't shake hands with the wrong people.
Don't shake it too much.
Don't shake the table.
Don't shake this bottle.
Don't share personal information with strangers on your phone.
Don't share personal information with strangers online.
Don't share this with anyone.
Don't share your food with the baby without asking me first.
Don't share your personal items, such as towels, with others.
Don't shift blame onto others.
Don't shit in your own nest.
Don't shit where you eat.
Don't shitpost on Tatoeba.
Don't shoo me as though I were a dog.
Don't shoot Tom.
Don't shoot before my order!
Don't shoot him.
Don't shoot me in the head.
Don't shoot me!
Don't shoot me.
Don't shoot me. I'm only the translator.
Don't shoot the devil in the back. You might miss.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Don't shoot till I tell you to.
Don't shoot until I give the order.
Don't shoot until I tell you to.
Don't shoot!
Don't shoot, you'll rip him apart!
Don't shoot, you'll tear it up!
Don't shoot.
Don't shoot. I'm coming out.
Don't shoot. I'm one of the good guys.
Don't shout at me!
Don't shout at me.
Don't shout at me. I can hear you all right.
Don't shout at the crying child. It only adds fuel to the fire.
Don't shout in my ear.
Don't shout like that!
Don't shout like that, he's not deaf.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
Don't shout over me.
Don't shout so loud – you'll wake the neighbours!
Don't shout so much!
Don't shout!
Don't shout, the neighbours will hear you!
Don't shout.
Don't shove it down my throat.
Don't shove.
Don't show fear.
Don't show it to Tom, please.
Don't show me anything else.
Don't show me her picture anymore.
Don't show off your wealth.
Don't show off.
Don't show that to children.
Don't show them your hand.
Don't show this to Tom.
Don't show this to her.
Don't show this to him.
Don't show this to them.
Don't show your cards.
Don't show your emotions.
Don't show your face around here again, Tom.
Don't show your face around here again.
Don't show your face here, Tom.
Don't show your papers.
Don't show your teeth when you laugh.
Don't shriek in my ear like that!
Don't shut me up!
Don't shut the door with a bang.
Don't shut the door.
Don't shut your eyes.
Don't shy away from your commitments.
Don't sic a dog on others or he might bite you.
Don't sic a dog. He might bite you.
Don't sigh like that.
Don't sigh.
Don't sign anything!
Don't sign anything.
Don't sign the contract in pencil.
Don't sign the contract until you have your lawyer look at it.
Don't sign the contract with a pencil.
Don't sign the document until you've read it.
Don't sign the document without reading it first.
Don't sign the document without reading it.
Don't sign up.
Don't sing along.
Don't sing here.
Don't sing now.
Don't sing that song again.
Don't sing that song anymore.
Don't sing yet.
Don't sing, OK?
Don't sing.
Don't sit around waiting for things to happen.
Don't sit at your computer all day, Tom.
Don't sit badly.
Don't sit behind me.
Don't sit down on the sofa.
Don't sit down!
Don't sit down.
Don't sit here if you're not going to play poker with us.
Don't sit here.
Don't sit in the back.
Don't sit in the sun.
Don't sit like that.
Don't sit like this.
Don't sit on it.
Don't sit on my hat.
Don't sit on that bench.
Don't sit on that bench. It's just been painted.
Don't sit on that box! You'll break it!
Don't sit on that chair!
Don't sit on that chair.
Don't sit on that.
Don't sit on the car hood, you'll dent it.
Don't sit on the cat.
Don't sit on the cement floor.
Don't sit on the counter.
Don't sit on the floor.
Don't sit on the rocks.
Don't sit on the settee.
Don't sit on the sofa.
Don't sit on the steps.
Don't sit on the table. It could break.
Don't sit on these boxes.
Don't sit on this chair.
Don't sit so close to me.
Don't sit there yawning, concentrate!
Don't sit there.
Don't sit there. That's Tom's chair.
Don't sit there. That's Tom's seat.
Don't sit too close to the TV.
Don't sit too close to the fire.
Don't sit up late at night.
Don't sit up late.
Don't sit up till late.
Don't sit with Tom, OK?
Don't skateboard here.
Don't skip brushing, it's essential for oral hygiene.
Don't skip class.
Don't skip classes, OK?
Don't skip classes, okay?
Don't skip classes.
Don't skip leg day.
Don't skip over any details.
Don't skip that step.
Don't skip this step.
Don't skip washing your hands; it's good for your health.
Don't slacken your pace now! You're almost at the finish line!
Don't slam the TV cabinet doors.
Don't slam the door shut.
Don't slam the door when you leave, please.
Don't slam the door!
Don't slam the door, please.
Don't slam the door.
Don't slam the microwave door.
Don't sleep here. Go sleep inside.
Don't sleep in the bathtub.
Don't sleep long.
Don't sleep on it.
Don't sleep on the clock.
Don't sleep too close to the fire.
Don't sleep too deeply.
Don't sleep with her just because you want to.
Don't sleep with her, because you'll catch an STD.
Don't sleep with the light left on.
Don't sleep with the windows open.
Don't sleep.
Don't slip on the ice.
Don't slip.
Don't slobber over my face! A-ha-ha-ha. Stop it!
Don't slouch in your chair.
Don't slouch in your seat.
Don't slouch.
Don't slow down your career trajectory.
Don't slump in your chair.
Don't slump.
Don't slurp when you eat soup.
Don't slurp your soup.
Don't slurp your spaghetti.
Don't slurp!
Don't slurp.
Don't smell it. It might be mutagenic.
Don't smell your fingers!
Don't smile, please. Your smile looks horrible.
Don't smile.
Don't smoke again in the toilet!
Don't smoke at work.
Don't smoke excessively.
Don't smoke here, Tom.
Don't smoke here, it's a hospital!
Don't smoke here.
Don't smoke if you want to live a long life.
Don't smoke in bed!
Don't smoke in bed.
Don't smoke in here!
Don't smoke in here.
Don't smoke in public places.
Don't smoke in the toilet.
Don't smoke in this room.
Don't smoke inside of the building.
Don't smoke on an empty stomach.
Don't smoke out of my window.
Don't smoke so heavily.
Don't smoke so much.
Don't smoke too much.
Don't smoke until you're 20 years old.
Don't smoke while you are on duty.
Don't smoke while you're on duty.
Don't smoke!
Don't smoke.
Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.
Don't snack between meals.
Don't snap at me!
Don't sneak out of the concert!
Don't sneak out of the concert.
Don't sneak up on me like that.
Don't sneak up on people.
Don't sneer at me.
Don't sneer at that.
Don't sniff glue. It's bad for you.
Don't sniff your food.
Don't sniffle, please quickly blow your nose.
Don't snoop around my house.
Don't snoop in my boxes!
Don't snoop in my drawers.
Don't snuff out the flame of love just because you're afraid of what might happen.
Don't sound so disappointed.
Don't sound so surprised.
Don't sound so surprised. You know I can do whatever I want to do.
Don't sound so surprised. You know that I can do whatever I want to do.
Don't spam!
Don't spank your kids.
Don't spare yourself in this work.
Don't speak Crocodile, speak Esperanto!
Don't speak English with those who don't understand.
Don't speak French here.
Don't speak French in the class.
Don't speak French to me.
Don't speak French, OK?
Don't speak French.
Don't speak all at the same time.
Don't speak badly of him in his absence.
Don't speak fast. Speak slow.
Don't speak for Muslims.
Don't speak for me.
Don't speak ill of Jim in his absence.
Don't speak ill of him in his absence.
Don't speak ill of him in public.
Don't speak ill of others behind their back.
Don't speak ill of others while they are away.
Don't speak ill of others.
Don't speak ill of the dead!
Don't speak ill of the dead.
Don't speak ill of your classmates.
Don't speak in Japanese.
Don't speak in riddles.
Don't speak in the middle of a lesson.
Don't speak lightly of a true heart, which is all your own.
Don't speak like you know. Even though you don't know anything about me.
Don't speak more than you normally should.
Don't speak nonsense!
Don't speak of holy things with such scorn, not even in a joke.
Don't speak of holy things with such scorn, not even jokingly.
Don't speak of that which you don't understand.
Don't speak of that.
Don't speak on behalf of all Muslims.
Don't speak out of line.
Don't speak quickly.
Don't speak so fast, please.
Don't speak so fast.
Don't speak so loud!
Don't speak so loudly this early in the morning.
Don't speak so loudly.
Don't speak so quickly !
Don't speak so quickly!
Don't speak so quickly.
Don't speak that loud.
Don't speak till spoken to.
Don't speak to Tom like that.
Don't speak to Tom.
Don't speak to anybody.
Don't speak to anyone.
Don't speak to her like that.
Don't speak to him like that.
Don't speak to him like this.
Don't speak to him while he is driving.
Don't speak to me about Tom. We're on bad terms.
Don't speak to me in Arabic. It doesn't make sense to me.
Don't speak to me in Esperanto, speak to me in English.
Don't speak to me in a haughty tone.
Don't speak to me like that!
Don't speak to me that way!
Don't speak to me.
Don't speak to strangers.
Don't speak to the boss like that, what the hell!
Don't speak to the driver while he is driving.
Don't speak to the driver while he's driving.
Don't speak to your mother like that.
Don't speak to your parents like that.
Don't speak too loud. You'll wake her up.
Don't speak too much Berber to your students at the beginning.
Don't speak unless you are spoken to.
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.
Don't speak unless you understand.
Don't speak unless you're spoken to.
Don't speak while eating.
Don't speak with such an arrogant tone.
Don't speak with your hands in your pockets.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
Don't speak with your mouth full.
Don't speak without thinking.
Don't speak!
Don't speak, just love me!
Don't speak.
Don't spend all night getting ready.
Don't spend all the money.
Don't spend all your money in one place.
Don't spend all your money on comic books.
Don't spend all your money.
Don't spend any money on me.
Don't spend any more than you have to.
Don't spend money on things we don't need.
Don't spend money that you don't have.
Don't spend money you don't have.
Don't spend more money than you make.
Don't spend more than you earn.
Don't spend so much time in front of the television.
Don't spend so much time watching TV.
Don't spend so much time watching television.
Don't spend the whole night preparing yourself.
Don't spend too much money.
Don't spend too much time in front of the screen.
Don't spend too much time in the sun.
Don't spend too much time on it.
Don't spend your money if you don't need to.
Don't spend your money on stupid things.
Don't spill the beans.
Don't spill the milk.
Don't spill the soup.
Don't spill the wine.
Don't spill your wine on the upholstery.
Don't spit here.
Don't spit in the well – you might have to drink from it.
Don't spit into the wind.
Don't spit on the floor!
Don't spit on the walls.
Don't spit through the window.
Don't spit.
Don't splash me!
Don't split hairs.
Don't spoil anything!
Don't spoil it for me!
Don't spoil our fun now!
Don't spoil the children.
Don't spoil the moment.
Don't spoil the mood.
Don't spoil this holiday.
Don't spoil your appetite.
Don't spoil your child.
Don't spout nonsense.
Don't spread your misery around.
Don't spread yourself too thin.
Don't squander your newly earned money!
Don't squeeze any more into the trunk.
Don't squeeze the sponge.
Don't squeeze too hard.
Don't squeeze too much.
Don't squirm, the doctor told patient before sticking a scary-looking needle into his arm.
Don't squish Cookie's beans!
Don't stack anything on top of the VCR.
Don't stack heavy things on top of the DVDs, they could crack.
Don't stack items too high on the shelves; it can lead to accidents.
Don't stack multiple dishes on top of each other in the microwave.
Don't stack too many items on the counter; it can lead to clutter.
Don't stammer!
Don't stand around and twiddle your thumbs; help me!
Don't stand by me.
Don't stand downwind of her after a game.
Don't stand in James's way.
Don't stand in front of me!
Don't stand in front of me.
Don't stand in front of the door.
Don't stand in front of the microwave!
Don't stand in my way.
Don't stand in my way. Stay out of my business!
Don't stand in other people's way.
Don't stand near me.
Don't stand next to me.
Don't stand next to the window.
Don't stand on ceremony. Just make yourself at home.
Don't stand on the chair.
Don't stand on the table.
Don't stand so close to me.
Don't stand so close to the curb.
Don't stand so close to the edge.
Don't stand still. Keep going.
Don't stand there.
Don't stand too close.
Don't stand under a tree during a thunderstorm.
Don't stand under a tree in a lightning storm.
Don't stand up to me!
Don't stand up.
Don't stand with your hands in your pockets.
Don't stand.
Don't stare at me like that.
Don't stare at me.
Don't stare at others.
Don't stare at people and don't fidget.
Don't stare at people.
Don't stare directly into the sun.
Don't stare into the mouse laser beam.
Don't stare like that.
Don't stare others in the face.
Don't stare too much into the sunlight, you'll ruin your eyes.
Don't stare.
Don't start a sentence with "but".
Don't start again now with your intellectual pretensions.
Don't start anything you can't finish.
Don't start cheering yet.
Don't start crying again.
Don't start doing that.
Don't start eating until I get home.
Don't start getting paranoid.
Don't start none, won't be none.
Don't start over, please.
Don't start panicking.
Don't start scolding me now.
Don't start something you can't finish.
Don't start taking things personally.
Don't start that again, or you'll get a clip round the ear!
Don't start that again.
Don't start the movie until I get back.
Don't start the movie while I'm in the bathroom.
Don't start too soon.
Don't start with that again.
Don't start with this again.
Don't start without me.
Don't start without us!
Don't start yet.
Don't start your seeds too early.
Don't state the obvious.
Don't stay around here.
Don't stay away so long next time.
Don't stay away too long.
Don't stay here waiting for that to happen.
Don't stay here.
Don't stay home all day.
Don't stay home and mope.
Don't stay in Boston.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Don't stay in that dark room.
Don't stay in the other driver's blind spot.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
Don't stay indoors because it is cold outside.
Don't stay longer than necessary.
Don't stay on our account.
Don't stay out after dark.
Don't stay out all night.
Don't stay out here with me. Go inside.
Don't stay out in the sun for long periods of time.
Don't stay out in the sun too long.
Don't stay out late.
Don't stay out long.
Don't stay out too late.
Don't stay silent.
Don't stay there any longer than you have to.
Don't stay there too long.
Don't stay too late.
Don't stay too long!
Don't stay too long.
Don't stay underwater.
Don't stay up all night.
Don't stay up late at night.
Don't stay up late every night.
Don't stay up late tonight.
Don't stay up late waiting for that to happen.
Don't stay up late.
Don't stay up too late, sweetheart. Your body needs its beauty sleep.
Don't stay up too late.
Don't stay up too late. Tomorrow's a school day.
Don't stay.
Don't steal honey from bees!
Don't steal my catchphrase.
Don't steal my example sentences.
Don't steal my sentences.
Don't step in the flower bed.
Don't step in the mud.
Don't step into that room.
Don't step on everyone's toes when you're dancing.
Don't step on my head.
Don't step on my toes.
Don't step on that rock. It's going to fall.
Don't step on that, it'll explode!
Don't step on that, it's going to explode!
Don't step on that.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Don't step on the cat.
Don't step on the dog's tail.
Don't step on the grass!
Don't step on the reptiles.
Don't step on the snake.
Don't stereotype Japanese people.
Don't stereotype Muslims.
Don't stick your finger in your ear, you could hurt yourself.
Don't stick your fingers behind the door. I might crush them when I close it.
Don't stick your hand in a hornet's nest.
Don't stick your hand out of the window.
Don't stick your hands where they don't belong!
Don't stick your head out like that.
Don't stick your nose into my personal affairs.
Don't stick your nose into my private life.
Don't stick your nose into other people's business.
Don't stick your nose into where it doesn't belong.
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong.
Don't stoke the fire of discord!
Don't stoop down to his level. It's not worth it.
Don't stoop to Tom's level.
Don't stoop to his level.
Don't stop Tom.
Don't stop complaining.
Don't stop dreaming.
Don't stop here.
Don't stop him.
Don't stop learning.
Don't stop me now.
Don't stop me.
Don't stop now! You're almost at the finish line.
Don't stop now.
Don't stop on my account.
Don't stop playing.
Don't stop reading.
Don't stop shouting.
Don't stop singing even if you get hoarse.
Don't stop studying French.
Don't stop talking!
Don't stop there.
Don't stop thinking about tomorrow.
Don't stop thinking of me.
Don't stop trying.
Don't stop until I tell you.
Don't stop what you are doing.
Don't stop – keep going.
Don't stop!
Don't stop.
Don't stop. Keep going.
Don't stop. Keep moving.
Don't store items on the cabinet floor; they should be on the shelves.
Don't store items on top of the oven; it can block ventilation and cause overheating.
Don't store wood or paper near oxidizers.
Don't strain yourself!
Don't strain yourself.
Don't stray far from the hotel.
Don't stress about how others see you.
Don't stress over the bill. I'll take care of it.
Don't stress.
Don't stretch my patience to the limit!
Don't string along your girlfriend: you know she wants to get married!
Don't strive to be a man of success, but rather strive to be a man of value.
Don't strive to be perfect.
Don't stroke the cat the wrong way.
Don't struggle.
Don't study grammar rules! Study sentences instead!
Don't study while watching TV.
Don't study!
Don't study.
Don't stuff too many napkins into the trash at once; it can lead to overflow.
Don't stumble over the rock.
Don't stutter!
Don't succumb to lunacy too much, tomorrow is your wedding!
Don't suck on the batteries; they have acid inside them.
Don't suck the fun out of everything.
Don't suffer.
Don't sugar my coffee.
Don't sugar your tea.
Don't sugar-coat things.
Don't sugarcoat it.
Don't support Mary.
Don't support the oppressor.
Don't suppress your feelings.
Don't surprise me like that.
Don't surrender to algorithms.
Don't swallow that bread.
Don't swallow that slick propaganda.
Don't swallow the pips.
Don't swallow these chemical products.
Don't swallow water from the pool, it can make you sick.
Don't swear and then deny it!
Don't swear at customers.
Don't swear at the guests.
Don't swear for no reason.
Don't swear in front of the kid.
Don't swear in public.
Don't swear!
Don't swear, please.
Don't swear.
Don't sweat it, Tom.
Don't sweat it.
Don't sweat it. I'm sure you'll rock it.
Don't sweat the details.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Don't sweeten my coffee.
Don't swim after dark.
Don't swim alone, always have a buddy with you.
Don't swim by yourself.
Don't swim during thunderstorms, it's not safe.
Don't swim here.
Don't swim in deep water without adult supervision.
Don't swim in that pond.
Don't swim in the river without proper supervision.
Don't swim in the river.
Don't swim in this pond.
Don't swim in this river.
Don't swim right after you eat.
Don't swim straight after eating.
Don't swim.
Don't switch allegiances.
Don't switch off the light.
Don't switch the light off.
Don't switch the subject.
Don't tailgate this truck.
Don't tailgate, please.
Don't take Tom from us. We badly need him here.
Don't take Tom here.
Don't take Tom seriously.
Don't take Tom too seriously.
Don't take Tom with you.
Don't take Tom's threats seriously.
Don't take Tom's word for it.
Don't take a decision just yet.
Don't take actions against your integrity.
Don't take advantage of my patience.
Don't take advantage of others' weakness.
Don't take all the stones out of your children's way, or they might hit their head against a wall.
Don't take antibiotics.
Don't take any chances.
Don't take any medications without a prescription.
Don't take any more.
Don't take any notice of Tom.
Don't take any notice of the mess.
Don't take any notice of them.
Don't take any notice of those rude boys.
Don't take any notice of what Tom says.
Don't take any notice of what he said.
Don't take any notice of what he says.
Don't take any prisoners.
Don't take any risks that you don't have to.
Don't take any risks with electricity.
Don't take any risks you don't have to.
Don't take any risks.
Don't take any unnecessary risks.
Don't take anything for granted.
Don't take anything from anybody.
Don't take anything that happens to you there personally.
Don't take away my only pleasure.
Don't take away the only fun I have.
Don't take away what little remaining hope I've still got.
Don't take candy from strangers.
Don't take chances.
Don't take credit for my work.
Don't take credit for somebody else's accomplishments.
Don't take criticism from someone you wouldn't take advice from.
Don't take everything at face value.
Don't take everything literally.
Don't take everything so literally.
Don't take everything so seriously.
Don't take gifts from strangers.
Don't take gossip at face value.
Don't take her too seriously.
Don't take her word for it.
Don't take him in.
Don't take him too seriously.
Don't take his remarks too literally.
Don't take his word for it.
Don't take it amiss if I criticize your work.
Don't take it amiss!
Don't take it away from Tom.
Don't take it for granted that Tom will help us every time we need help.
Don't take it for granted that everybody has a car.
Don't take it for granted that everyone has a car.
Don't take it for granted that nature is always there to help us.
Don't take it lightly.
Don't take it literally. He is inclined to exaggerate.
Don't take it out of context.
Don't take it out on me.
Don't take it personal.
Don't take it personally, Tom.
Don't take it personally.
Don't take it quite so literally.
Don't take it seriously.
Don't take it seriously. It's a joke.
Don't take it so hard!
Don't take it so hard.
Don't take it so literally.
Don't take it so personally.
Don't take it so personally. It's just a game.
Don't take it so seriously.
Don't take it so tragically!
Don't take it the wrong way – I was just trying to make some silly jokes.
Don't take it the wrong way, but I don't want to go with you.
Don't take it to heart.
Don't take it to heart. It was just talking for the sake of talking, I wasn't being serious.
Don't take it too hard.
Don't take it too literally.
Don't take it too seriously.
Don't take it wrong.
Don't take it.
Don't take it. That medicine does more harm than good.
Don't take life seriously; you won't get out of it alive anyways.
Don't take life so seriously.
Don't take longer than you need to and come back home quickly.
Don't take me for granted.
Don't take me home.
Don't take me seriously. I was only joking.
Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
Don't take me so seriously.
Don't take me to the hospital.
Don't take me too seriously.
Don't take medication when you don't need it, mind you.
Don't take more than five minutes.
Don't take more than the label says, or you could overdose.
Don't take my head off.
Don't take my jokes seriously.
Don't take my name off your list.
Don't take my picture!
Don't take my word for it.
Don't take my word for it. Ask Tom.
Don't take my word for it. Check it out yourself.
Don't take my words ill.
Don't take notice of what Tom says.
Don't take off your gloves.
Don't take off your mask.
Don't take off your shirt.
Don't take off your shoes!
Don't take off your shoes.
Don't take off your thong. I'll just pull it to the side. It turns me on wildly.
Don't take offence at that.
Don't take offence to that.
Don't take offense to that.
Don't take on more than you can handle!
Don't take our word for it.
Don't take out anything from the bag.
Don't take out the books on this shelf.
Don't take pictures of me when I'm eating.
Don't take presents from strangers.
Don't take rides from strangers.
Don't take that away from Tom.
Don't take that away from her.
Don't take that away from him.
Don't take that away from me.
Don't take that away from them.
Don't take that away from us.
Don't take that dramatic attitude all of a sudden.
Don't take that for granted.
Don't take that risk.
Don't take that seriously.
Don't take that tone of voice with me.
Don't take that tone with me, Tom!
Don't take that tone with me.
Don't take that too literally.
Don't take the Quran out of context.
Don't take the bait.
Don't take the cheapest one.
Don't take the cheapest ones.
Don't take the pills, Tom.
Don't take the piss out of me.
Don't take the piss!
Don't take the radio apart, it's not a toy.
Don't take the risk.
Don't take the rumors seriously.
Don't take the trouble to come and meet me.
Don't take their word for it.
Don't take them too seriously.
Don't take things for granted.
Don't take things personally at work.
Don't take things personally.
Don't take things so personally.
Don't take things so seriously.
Don't take things that don't belong to you.
Don't take things too seriously.
Don't take things you don't own.
Don't take this lightly.
Don't take this personally.
Don't take this the wrong way, but what you have related doesn't matter.
Don't take this the wrong way, but you're just not my type.
Don't take this the wrong way.
Don't take this.
Don't take too long.
Don't take too much of it.
Don't take toys to the mosque.
Don't take unnecessary risks near the river.
Don't take unnecessary risks.
Don't take us for granted.
Don't take what I said too seriously, OK?
Don't take what I said too seriously, okay?
Don't take what Tom says at face value.
Don't take what belongs to Tom.
Don't take your eyes off Tom.
Don't take your eyes off her.
Don't take your eyes off him.
Don't take your eyes off that inmate.
Don't take your eyes off them.
Don't take your eyes off your children.
Don't take your foot off the gas.
Don't take your gloves off.
Don't take your mask off.
Don't take your opponent lightly.
Don't take your shirt off.
Don't take your shoes off.
Don't take yourself so seriously.
Don't take yourself so seriously. No one else does.
Don't take yourself too seriously.
Don't take yourselves so seriously.
Don't take yourselves so seriously. No one else does.
Don't take yourselves too seriously.
Don't talk ... as if you know what it's like...
Don't talk about Tom like that.
Don't talk about Tom that way.
Don't talk about Tom.
Don't talk about business at dinner.
Don't talk about business while eating.
Don't talk about business while we are eating.
Don't talk about business while we're dining.
Don't talk about business while we're eating.
Don't talk about her like that.
Don't talk about her that way.
Don't talk about her.
Don't talk about him like that.
Don't talk about him that way.
Don't talk about him.
Don't talk about it any more.
Don't talk about it anymore.
Don't talk about it in front of him.
Don't talk about it in his presence.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Don't talk about it!
Don't talk about it.
Don't talk about me like I'm not here.
Don't talk about me when I'm gone.
Don't talk about me while I'm gone.
Don't talk about me.
Don't talk about my daughters like that.
Don't talk about my family like that.
Don't talk about my family.
Don't talk about my girlfriend like that.
Don't talk about my parents like that!
Don't talk about my sister like that.
Don't talk about people behind their backs.
Don't talk about such a thing.
Don't talk about such vulgar topics in bad taste.
Don't talk about that anymore.
Don't talk about that in front of Tom.
Don't talk about that in front of him.
Don't talk about that in her absence.
Don't talk about that in his absence.
Don't talk about that while he's not here.
Don't talk about that while she's not here.
Don't talk about that woman near me.
Don't talk about that.
Don't talk about that. My mom's here.
Don't talk about the past.
Don't talk about them like that.
Don't talk about them that way.
Don't talk about them.
Don't talk about this in front of him.
Don't talk about this to anyone.
Don't talk about us.
Don't talk about work at meal time.
Don't talk about work, we're on vacation.
Don't talk about work. We're on vacation.
Don't talk about your mother that way.
Don't talk about your personal life at all.
Don't talk about your personal life at work.
Don't talk about yourself in the third person. It sounds weird.
Don't talk about yourself like that.
Don't talk about yourself that way.
Don't talk about yourself.
Don't talk around it.
Don't talk back to me like that.
Don't talk back to me! I know what's better for you.
Don't talk back to me.
Don't talk back to your boss.
Don't talk back to your mother when she's scolding you.
Don't talk back to your parents.
Don't talk back.
Don't talk behind my back.
Don't talk down to me.
Don't talk during class!
Don't talk during class.
Don't talk during the test.
Don't talk fast.
Don't talk if you don't know.
Don't talk if you have nothing to say.
Don't talk in a loud voice here.
Don't talk in such a high and mighty way.
Don't talk in the classroom.
Don't talk in the reading room.
Don't talk like that about the king.
Don't talk like that about your mom!
Don't talk like that!
Don't talk like that.
Don't talk nonesense!
Don't talk nonsense!
Don't talk nonsense, either.
Don't talk nonsense, you know that's impossible.
Don't talk nonsense.
Don't talk now.
Don't talk on your cellphone while driving.
Don't talk over me.
Don't talk rot, Tom.
Don't talk rubbish!
Don't talk rubbish, Tom!
Don't talk rubbish.
Don't talk shop over dinner.
Don't talk shop to me.
Don't talk so fast.
Don't talk so impudently.
Don't talk so loud!
Don't talk so loud.
Don't talk so loudly!
Don't talk so loudly.
Don't talk so much next time.
Don't talk so pretentiously!
Don't talk so softly, speak up please.
Don't talk so stilted!
Don't talk stupidly!
Don't talk such bilge!
Don't talk that way about your mom!
Don't talk that way about your mother.
