My father didn't allow me to marry him.
My father didn't allow me to study in the USA.
My father didn't come even once to see me sing.
My father didn't come to the airport to see me off.
My father didn't eat dinner yet.
My father didn't eat much fruit.
My father didn't eat.
My father didn't go to work yesterday.
My father didn't know her.
My father didn't really like me.
My father didn't say a word during dinner.
My father didn't say a word during dinnertime.
My father didn't say anything.
My father didn't send me to school.
My father didn't show me how to become a good father.
My father didn't want to watch the film.
My father didn’t allow me to marry him.
My father didn’t allow me to study in the USA.
My father didn’t say a word during dinner.
My father died a peaceful death last night.
My father died at 54.
My father died at the age of forty-nine.
My father died before I got my diploma.
My father died before I knew him.
My father died before I was born.
My father died five years ago.
My father died for the independence of Algeria.
My father died four years ago.
My father died in 2013.
My father died in Boston in 2013.
My father died in Vietnam.
My father died in World War II.
My father died last year.
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.
My father died of cancer.
My father died of lung cancer.
My father died ten years ago.
My father died three years ago, that is to say in 1977.
My father died when I was 50 years old.
My father died when I was seven years old.
My father died when I was seven.
My father died when I was thirteen years old.
My father died when I was thirteen.
My father died when I was three years old.
My father died when I was three.
My father died when the cherry blossoms were at their best.
My father died when the cherry blossoms were in full bloom.
My father died when the cherry trees were in full bloom.
My father died while I was still a baby.
My father died, leaving a large sum of money.
My father disapproved of my going to the concert.
My father disapproves of my lifestyle.
My father discovered our secret.
My father does not allow me to have a cat.
My father does not allow me to have a dog.
My father does not always walk to work.
My father does not approve of our relationship.
My father does not care about his clothes at all.
My father does not eat much fruit.
My father does not go to Tokyo today.
My father does not like music.
My father does not like the heat of summer.
My father does nothing but watch TV on Sundays.
My father does play golf, but he's not very good at it.
My father does play golf, but not well.
My father does walk.
My father doesn't allow me to drive unless he's in the car with me.
My father doesn't allow me to drive.
My father doesn't allow me to go out with Bill.
My father doesn't allow me to go to the movies alone.
My father doesn't always walk to work.
My father doesn't approve of her.
My father doesn't care about money at all.
My father doesn't care if I'm alive or dead.
My father doesn't do anything at home.
My father doesn't drink alcohol or smoke.
My father doesn't drink hard liquor.
My father doesn't drink liquor.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
My father doesn't drink too much sake.
My father doesn't drink.
My father doesn't drive for fear of accidents.
My father doesn't eat all that much fruit.
My father doesn't eat dessert.
My father doesn't eat fruit that much.
My father doesn't eat much fruit.
My father doesn't have a car.
My father doesn't just smoke, he drinks too.
My father doesn't know anything.
My father doesn't let me do it.
My father doesn't let me drive a car.
My father doesn't let me drive his car.
My father doesn't let me drive.
My father doesn't let me go out alone at night.
My father doesn't let me go out with Bill.
My father doesn't let me go to the movies alone.
My father doesn't lift a finger at home.
My father doesn't like football.
My father doesn't like music.
My father doesn't like soccer.
My father doesn't look favourably on our relationship.
My father doesn't really talk much.
My father doesn't swim well and I don't either.
My father doesn't trust doctors nor do I.
My father doesn't understand me.
My father doesn't want to make life difficult for himself.
My father doesn't waste his time.
My father doesn’t allow me to go out with Bill.
My father doesn’t allow me to go to the movies alone.
My father doesn’t approve of her.
My father doesn’t care about money at all.
My father doesn’t drink so much sake.
My father doesn’t drink too much sake.
My father doesn’t eat fruit that much.
My father doesn’t let me drive a car.
My father doesn’t let me go out alone at night.
My father doesn’t lift a finger at home.
My father doesn’t like music.
My father doesn’t like soccer.
My father doesn’t really talk much.
My father drinks a cup of coffee each morning.
My father drinks a cup of coffee every morning.
My father drinks daily.
My father drinks no spirits.
My father drives a very old car.
My father drives safely.
My father drives to work.
My father drives very well.
My father drove me home.
My father eats little fruit.
My father embraced my mother lovingly.
My father encouraged me to learn how to play the piano.
My father encouraged me to study the piano.
My father ended up losing his job.
My father exercises every day for his health.
My father expects me to marry Tom.
My father failed in business.
My father feels satisfied about this result.
My father fell ill because he worked too hard.
My father finally compromised.
My father finally learned to drive when he was fifty.
My father fixed a broken chair.
My father fixed my old watch.
My father fixed the broken chair.
My father fixes broken armchairs.
My father fixes broken chairs.
My father flew into a rage when he found that out.
My father forbade me from having a pet cat.
My father forbids me to go out at night.
My father forbids my having a dog.
My father forgets everything.
My father found me a good seat.
My father gardens on Sundays.
My father gave a nice watch to me.
My father gave it to me when I was a kid.
My father gave it to me when I was little.
My father gave me a book.
My father gave me a computer as a gift.
My father gave me a computer game.
My father gave me a game.
My father gave me a lot of money.
My father gave me a new fountain pen.
My father gave me a puppy for my birthday.
My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars.
My father gave me a small loan of three million dollars.
My father gave me a watch for my birthday.
My father gave me a watch, but I lost it.
My father gave me as much as 100 dollars.
My father gave me his aunt's name.
My father gave me the book as a gift.
My father gave up cigarettes.
My father gave up smoking for his health.
My father gave up smoking last year.
My father gave up smoking.
My father gestured with his hand for me to leave the room.
My father gets along with his friends.
My father gets angry when I don't have the food ready.
My father gets up early.
My father gives my mother all of his salary.
My father gives you his regards.
My father goes abroad sometimes.
My father goes for a walk every day.
My father goes for a walk every morning.
My father goes jogging every morning.
My father goes to Sydney twice a year on business.
My father goes to church on Sunday.
My father goes to his office by train.
My father goes to work almost every day.
My father goes to work at eight every day.
My father goes to work by bike.
My father goes to work by car.
My father got a drink for free.
My father got back from the office at six.
My father got fired.
My father got home late last night.
My father got it for me.
My father got laid off.
My father got married in his twenties.
My father got me to change a tyre on his car.
My father got me to wash the car.
My father got the drink for nothing.
My father got to his company later than usual this morning.
My father got to his workplace later than usual this morning.
My father got well again.
My father graduated from Harvard University.
My father grew old.
My father grows rice.
My father had a heart attack yesterday, but he was lucky to have a clinic close at hand.
My father had a newspaper route and bought a hot rod car before he could drive at fifteen years old.
My father had a second marriage.
My father had a store and I worked with him.
My father had a stroke, but he's OK now.
My father had a thick leather belt that he beat us with.
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.
My father had an antique encyclopedia that we still keep.
My father had become an old man.
My father had far bigger ambitions than I.
My father had gone to Greece.
My father had his lawyer draw up his will.
My father had me change a tire on his car.
My father had me on his knees while he sang songs about his land.
My father had me wash the car.
My father had never been abroad until then.
My father had once been in Greece.
My father has a blue and gray tie.
My father has a car.
My father has a cup of coffee every day.
My father has a good job.
My father has a habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
My father has a heart of gold.
My father has a lot of books.
My father has a lot of clout at city hall.
My father has a new car.
My father has a personality disorder.
My father has a ranch and breeds cattle and horses.
My father has a red beard.
My father has a restaurant.
My father has a walking stick.
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.
My father has always worked the earth.
My father has assured us that that was true.
My father has been busy.
My father has been calling.
My father has been dead for ten years.
My father has been dead for three years.
My father has been doing this job for twenty years.
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.
My father has been here four days.
My father has been in good shape since his operation.
My father has been in hospital for two months.
My father has been in the hospital for two months.
My father has been living in Nagoya for 30 years.
My father has been made redundant.
My father has been out of work for a year.
My father has been sacked.
My father has been to Australia twice.
My father has been to space.
My father has been washing his car since this morning.
My father has bought a new car.
My father has bought land with a view to building a house.
My father has decided to quit smoking.
My father has disowned me.
My father has eaten.
My father has five brothers and sisters.
My father has five brothers.
My father has five siblings.
My father has given up smoking recently.
My father has gone fishing.
My father has gone out to buy a postcard.
My father has gone out to buy postcard.
My father has gone out to buy postcards.
My father has gone to America.
My father has gone to China.
My father has gone to China. He isn't here now.
My father has gone to the United States.
My father has just come home.
My father has just come out of the bath.
My father has just returned from abroad.
My father has lived in Nagoya for 30 years.
My father has lived in Nagoya for more than fifteen years.
My father has made me what I am.
My father has many books.
My father has many cars.
My father has many houses.
My father has never been abroad.
My father has never been outside the country until now.
My father has never been overseas until now.
My father has never been sick in his life.
My father has never gotten sick in his life.
My father has never, ever gone abroad.
My father has no longer a responsible position.
My father has quit smoking for his health.
My father has quit smoking for the sake of his health.
My father has recently come back to Japan.
My father has recently returned from Japan.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
My father has several cars.
My father has several houses.
My father has something to do with that firm.
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura's.
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura’s.
My father has two more sons.
My father has visited London many times.
My father hasn't gone abroad even once.
My father hasn’t gone abroad even once.
My father hated me.
My father hates me.
My father hates my reading a newspaper at breakfast.
My father hates the summer heat.
My father hates your father.
My father helped me out of my financial difficulties.
My father helped me study.
My father helped me with my homework.
My father hesitated before taking the decision.
My father hinted that it was time to go to bed.
My father hit me because I hit my younger brother.
My father hit me.
My father holds the major interest in the corporation.
My father implied our summer trip was arranged.
My father influenced my maternal grandparents about his Baptist Protestant beliefs. My maternal grandfather was also Protestant, but of the United Church of Christ in the Philippines, whilst my maternal grandmother was Roman Catholic. My maternal grandfather read some Baptist literature, but he and his wife, my maternal grandmother, did not convert. They were vacationing for a long while in North America, away from their Philippine home.
My father insisted I should go to see the place.
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.
My father insisted that we should go.
My father inspired me.
My father intends that I should become an engineer.
My father is 48, but he looks young for his age.
My father is Algerian while my mom is Greek.
My father is French.
My father is Jewish and my mother is Arab.
My father is Kabyle.
My father is Li Gang!
My father is Muslim.
My father is Russian.
My father is a Muslim, that is, he believes in Islam and Allah. On the other hand, I consider myself agnostic, for now.
My father is a bank clerk.
My father is a banker.
My father is a banker. I'm a financial analyst.
My father is a big man.
My father is a bit old fashioned.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
My father is a blacksmith.
My father is a bus driver.
My father is a businessman who travels all over the world.
My father is a businessman.
My father is a butcher and I plan to be one, too.
My father is a butcher.
My father is a celebrity.
My father is a chair caner; his calling is twofold: to repair seats, chairs or armchairs and to preserve the craftsmanship of our forebears.
My father is a civil engineer.
My father is a deputy, not a minister.
My father is a doctor as well.
My father is a doctor, and I'm going to be one, too.
My father is a doctor, and I’m going to be one, too.
My father is a doctor.
My father is a drunk.
My father is a good man.
My father is a good person.
My father is a good speaker of English.
My father is a great traveler.
My father is a hard-working, straightforward, and modest person.
My father is a heavy smoker.
My father is a huge "Die Hard" fan.
My father is a lawyer.
My father is a little old-fashioned.
My father is a man and my mother is a woman.
My father is a man of few words.
My father is a man.
My father is a master builder.
My father is a mayor and my brother is a masseur.
My father is a mayor, and my brother is a masseur.
My father is a mayor.
My father is a mother and my brother is my sister.
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.
My father is a night owl.
My father is a peasant.
My father is a pilot for local airlines.
My father is a pilot on the domestic line.
My father is a proud man.
My father is a railwayman.
My father is a sadistic psychopath.
My father is a silent person.
My father is a skilled fisherman.
My father is a sleepyhead.
My father is a spider.
My father is a stubborn man, but not one who takes favoritism for granted.
My father is a surgeon.
My father is a tailor.
My father is a teacher of English.
My father is a teacher of the English language.
My father is a teacher.
My father is a visionary. He always thinks big, and he thinks people can do a lot more than they actually do.
My father is a workaholic who thinks of nothing but his job 24/7.
My father is absent in Tokyo.
My father is absent on business.
My father is against our marriage.
My father is already more than fifty years old.
My father is also a doctor
My father is also my grandfather.
My father is always busy.
My father is always cool.
My father is always forgetting things.
My father is always getting angry.
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.
My father is an Algerian from Kabylie.
My father is an English language teacher.
My father is an active person.
My father is an actor.
My father is an alcoholic.
My father is an archaeologist.
My father is an architect, not an engineer.
My father is an artist.
My father is an early bird; he gets up at 5:30 every day.
My father is an early riser.
My father is an early riser; he gets up at 5:30 every day.
My father is an electric engineer.
My father is an electrical engineer.
My father is an engineer, and my mother is a nurse.
My father is an entrepreneur.
My father is an expert surgeon.
My father is an office worker.
My father is an old man.
My father is angry with me.
My father is anxious about my health.
My father is arriving at the station at five.
My father is as bald as a billiard ball.
My father is as busy as ever.
My father is at home.
My father is away from home.
My father is bald, just like yours.
My father is bald.
My father is becoming gray.
My father is bigger and stronger than yours.
My father is boneheaded, and when he has an idea, everything is decided: there's nothing more we can do.
My father is bound for London.
My father is busy as a bee every day.
My father is busy building a wall.
My father is busy getting ready for his trip.
My father is busy just now.
My father is busy now.
My father is busy, as always.
My father is busy.
My father is buying me a book.
My father is coming home tomorrow.
My father is coming over tomorrow.
My father is coming.
My father is contemptuous of drunkards.
My father is cooking dinner in the kitchen now.
My father is dead.
My father is drinking, my mother smoking.
My father is dropping me off at the airport along the way.
My father is economical of his time.
My father is eighty today.
My father is enfeebled.
My father is engaged in foreign trade.
My father is exact in money matters.
My father is expecting you to phone him tomorrow.
My father is far from artistic.
My father is fifty years old.
My father is focused on the stock market.
My father is frank.
My father is free on Saturday.
My father is free this afternoon.
My father is from Greece and he met my mother when she was traveling to Germany.
My father is from South Africa. He is South African.
My father is gay.
My father is getting along very well.
My father is getting bald.
My father is getting better and better.
My father is getting better by degrees.
My father is going bald.
My father is going for a walk in the park.
My father is going to China.
My father is going to go abroad next week.
My father is going to have an operation.
My father is going to have surgery.
My father is going to kill me.
My father is going to make a good meal tomorrow.
My father is going to make a trip to New York.
My father is going to prepare some delicious food for me tomorrow.
My father is going to retire soon.
My father is going to undergo an operation.
My father is good at cooking. As for my mother, she is good at eating.
My father is good at fishing.
My father is good with tools and does almost all the repair.
My father is good with tools and does almost all the repairs.
My father is gradually getting better.
My father is happy when he sees his traits in me.
My father is healthy.
My father is her lawyer.
My father is here.
My father is his lawyer.
My father is home.
My father is horribly choosy about food.
My father is in Africa.
My father is in good condition.
My father is in good health.
My father is in his fifties.
My father is in his room.
My father is in prison.
My father is in the garage.
My father is in the garden now.
My father is in the garden.
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
My father is in the hospital now.
My father is in.
My father is intelligent.
My father is interested in ancient history.
My father is leaving for the United States next Thursday.
My father is like a friend to me.
My father is more knowledgeable about cars than I am.
My father is much better. He will be up and about in a week.
My father is my biggest source of inspiration.
My father is my friend because he gives me a lot of toys.
My father is nice.
My father is not Spanish, he is Portuguese.
My father is not a teacher but a doctor.
My father is not a woman.
My father is not alive anymore.
My father is not always free on Sunday.
My father is not as old as he looks.
My father is not as well as he was before.
My father is not gay, yet I am.
My father is not home yet.
My father is not really in favor of our marriage, because John still has no job.
My father is not sick. He is healthy.
My father is not talkative.
My father is now at work at the hospital.
My father is now busy writing a letter.
My father is now traveling abroad.
My father is oblivious to the emotional pain his abuse caused me.
My father is old and boring.
My father is old enough to be my grandfather.
My father is old-fashioned.
My father is old.
My father is on an international trip.
My father is on the wagon.
My father is one of five brothers.
My father is only fifteen years old.
My father is originally from Algeria.
My father is out in the garden now.
My father is out in the garden right now.
My father is out.
My father is out. Shall I tell him to call you back?
My father is outside.
My father is over 80 years old.
My father is paying back a huge loan on our home.
My father is proud of being handsome.
My father is proud of being tall and handsome.
My father is proud of me being tall and handsome.
My father is proud of my being handsome.
My father is proud of the fact that he's never been in a traffic accident.
My father is proud of us.
My father is quiet.
My father is ready to go the market.
My father is repairing my broken bicycle.
My father is retiring at 65 years old.
My father is retiring next spring.
My father is rich.
My father is right.
My father is shaving in the bathroom.
My father is sick.
My father is signalling me to leave the assembly room.
My father is sitting under the tree.
My father is so busy that he cannot even take a walk.
My father is so old that he can't work.
My father is so old that he can’t work.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
My father is still alive.
My father is still ill in bed.
My father is still in Algeria.
My father is still in bed.
My father is still living.
My father is still reluctant to convert to Islam but we converse about this religion now.
My father is suffering from a cold.
My father is suffering from influenza.
My father is sweeping the garage.
My father is taking a bath.
My father is taking a walk in the park.
My father is tall.
My father is teaching English in junior high school.
My father is teaching English in middle school.
My father is teaching the English language in junior high school.
My father is teaching the English language in middle school.
My father is the boss.
My father is the breadwinner.
My father is the one drinking tea.
My father is the tallest of us all.
My father is the vice president of the association.
My father is threatening to disinherit me.
My father is three years older than my mother.
My father is to appear on TV tonight.
My father is to arrive in Honolulu at 4:30 p.m.
My father is to go to London on business.
My father is to undergo surgery.
My father is to visit Australia next week.
My father is to visit Korea next week.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
My father is too old to do the housework.
My father is too old to work.
My father is too stubborn to admit his faults.
My father is trying to quit drinking.
My father is trying to stop drinking.
My father is two years younger than my mother is.
My father is two years younger than my mother.
My father is upstairs.
My father is used to traveling.
My father is used to travelling.
My father is usually at home on Sunday.
My father is usually at home on Sundays.
My father is very angry with me.
My father is very good at fishing.
My father is very good.
My father is very infirm.
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.
My father is very nice.
My father is very particular about food.
My father is very particular about the way his hair is cut.
My father is very strict with me.
My father is very strict.
My father is very tired.
My father is waiting for us at the cistern.
My father is watering flowers.
My father is watering the flowers.
My father is well as always.
My father is well as usual.
My father is working overtime again today.
My father is worried about my health.
My father is young.
My father is younger than my mother.
My father is, so to speak, a learned fool.
My father is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
My father isn't afraid of anybody.
My father isn't as rich as my grandfather.
My father isn't as strict as my mother.
My father isn't as tall as yours.
My father isn't at home.
My father isn't home at the moment.
My father isn't home yet.
My father isn't home.
My father isn't living anymore.
My father isn't reading a book now.
My father isn't really in favour of our marriage, because John still hasn't got a job.
My father isn't sleeping.
My father isn't talkative.
My father isn’t at home.
My father isn’t reading a book now.
My father isn’t really in favour of our marriage, because John still hasn’t got a job.
My father jogs every morning.
My father keeps a small shop in Fukuoka.
My father keeps pigeons.
My father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
My father kicked me out of the house.
My father knew her.
My father knew him.
My father knows your mother very well.
My father laid his hand on my shoulder.
My father learnt some German when he was in Germany.
My father leaves for the United States next Wednesday.
My father lectured me for smoking.
My father led a moral life.
My father left for China.
My father left home when I was three years old.
My father left home when I was three.
My father left me a large fortune.
My father left me a large inheritance.
My father left me a lot of money in his will.
My father left me some property.
My father left us when we were small.
My father let me drive his car.
My father let me swim.
My father let me use his car just for this one day.
My father likes fishing, and so do I.
My father likes his coffee strong.
My father likes his job.
My father likes pizza very much.
My father likes pizza.
My father likes strong coffee.
My father likes tennis.
My father likes to read news on the newspaper every morning.
My father likes traveling by air.
My father listens to classical music.
My father lived in Algeria for four years.
My father lived in Algiers for forty years.
My father lived in Nagoya for 30 years.
My father lived in Nagoya for over fifteen years.
My father lives and works in Boston.
My father lives and works in Tokyo.
My father lives in Australia.
My father lives in a squat.
My father lives in the country.
My father lives next door.
My father lost his job.
My father lost his work.
My father loved me no less deeply than my mother.
My father loved me no less passionately than my mother.
My father loved that song.
My father loves doing some tinkering in the garage.
My father loves everyone in the world.
My father loves me.
My father loves my mother.
My father loves pizza.
My father loves to play the guitar.
My father loves to travel by plane.
My father loves us.
My father made a long tear in his sleeve.
My father made a model ship for me.
My father made a shelf for me.
My father made it a principle to keep early hours.
My father made me a delicious lunch.
My father made me a model of a ship.
My father made me a model ship.
My father made me a nice lunch.
My father made me go to school.
My father made me sell my motorcycle.
My father made me stay home.
My father made me wash the car.
My father made me what I am today.
My father made me what I am.
My father made my mother a cup of coffee just the way she likes it.
My father makes good use of his time.
My father makes it a rule to get up at six, even in the winter.
My father makes it a rule to get up at six, even in winter.
My father makes it a rule to read a few pages before he goes to bed.
My father makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
My father manages a store.
My father manages the store.
My father may be at home now.
My father may be home now.
My father may be sleeping.
My father might be at home now.
My father missed the train because he got up too late.
My father misses my mother and me.
My father motioned for me to leave the meeting room.
My father moved us to Kabylie, Algeria.
My father must do the work.
My father must have been handsome in his youth.
My father named me after his aunt.
My father needed a pencil.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
My father neither smokes nor drinks.
My father never answers my questions, but my mother always does.
My father never came back home before 9 or 10.
My father never gave me much advice.
My father never hit me.
My father never hits me on the head.
My father never looked down on the poor.
My father never loved me.
My father never punished me.
My father never punished us.
My father never takes a long rest.
My father never talked about the war.
My father never thought I'd become a Muslim.
My father never used to engage in such talk.
My father objected to my traveling alone.
My father objected to our marriage.
My father occasionally allows me to go with him to his office.
My father offered his services to a well-known trade company.
My father often cooks.
My father often encouraged us to be dedicated and diligent in life and in our studies.
My father often falls asleep in front of the TV.
My father often falls asleep while watching TV.
My father often falls asleep while watching television.
My father often goes abroad on business.
My father often goes fishing in the river nearby.
My father often goes on business trips.
My father often goes to America on business.
My father often goes to Paris on business.
My father often goes to the United States on business.
My father often helps me do my homework.
My father often helps me with my homework.
My father often reads detective novels in his free time.
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.
My father often takes me to baseball games.
My father often tells me to keep things clean.
My father often told us about his school days.
My father often washes the dishes.
My father opposed my decision to enlist in the special forces.
My father ordered me to wash the car.
My father ought to have had an operation for cancer.
My father owns a small business in Fukuoka.
My father painted the letterbox red.
My father painted the mailbox red.
My father painted the wall white.
My father painted this painting.
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
My father passed away a few months ago.
My father passed away at the age of 54.
My father passed away not long before we moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
My father passed away two years ago.
My father passed away when he was 54.
My father passed recently.
My father picked up the tab for dinner which came to $150.
My father picked up the tab for dinner, which came to $150.
My father plans to go overseas next week.
My father planted this tree on the day I was born.
My father planted this tree the year I was born.
My father planted this tree.
My father played golf on Sunday morning.
My father played golf on the Sunday morning.
My father played golf that Sunday morning.
My father played the trumpet, and my mother played the violin.
My father plays five instruments.
My father plays golf every Sunday.
My father plays golf, but he's not very good at it.
My father plays golf, but not well.
My father plays tennis every Sunday.
My father plays the piano and so does my mother.
My father pointed out to me that I did not need to be a Jew to be a Zionist, for I am.
My father polished his car till it shone.
My father practices medicine.
My father promised himself that he'd hang up his boots at sixty.
My father published comics.
My father pulled his car into the large park.
My father punished me for doing that.
My father purchased new attire for me.
My father purchased two tomes for me.
My father put a fence around the garden.
My father put a ladder against the tree.
My father put the house up for sale.
My father put up the house for sale.
My father quickly scanned the newspaper.
My father quit drinking.
My father quit smoking.
My father quite likes pizza.
My father ran to the bus stop.
My father rarely goes to extremes.
My father rarely, if ever, goes out on Sundays.
My father reads the newspaper every morning.
My father reads the newspaper while he eats breakfast.
My father really hates Krauts.
My father recently quit smoking.
My father referred to my friends.
My father refused to lend me a car.
My father regarded himself as a loyal Hungarian.
My father relies little on medicines.
My father remains bedridden with illness.
My father repaired my old watch.
My father reproached me for my rudeness.
My father retired at 65 years old.
My father retired at fifty-five.
My father retired at the age of 65.
My father retired from his job several years ago.
My father retired to make way for younger people.
My father returned from work.
My father reverted to Islam.
My father runs a restaurant.
My father runs a small shop in Fukuoka.
My father said he would reserve a day to take me to the zoo.
My father said nothing.
My father said so.
My father said that I could eat whatever I wanted.
My father said that I may not go overseas alone.
My father said that I must work hard.
My father sat and read the evening paper.
My father sat deep in meditation with his eyes closed.
My father sat reading the evening paper.
My father saw that the letters were not in Yun’s handwriting, and asked me â€œIs your wife ill?â€
My father saw that the letters were not in Yun’s handwriting, and asked me “Is your wife ill?”
My father says he failed in the entrance examination twice.
My father says he failed the entrance examination twice.
My father says he's planning to buy me a horse.
My father says that crying is a sign of weakness.
My father says that he won't allow me to do that until I graduate from high school.
My father scolded me for not being punctual.
My father seemed to be disappointed I hadn't passed the examination.
My father seemed to be disappointed I hadn’t passed the examination.
My father seemed to be disappointed that I hadn't passed the examination.
My father seldom comes home before eight.
My father seldom smokes.
My father sends his regards to you.
My father sent for the family doctor.
My father sent me abroad against my will.
My father serves in the Foreign Ministry.
My father set his alarm to six in the morning.
My father set me the task of weeding the garden.
My father set the alarm for six o'clock.
My father shaves with an electric shaver, but I generally use a razor.
My father showed me another way.
My father signed up to the Army to give me a better life.
My father slept through the movie.
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
My father smokes.
My father sometimes goes abroad.
My father sometimes goes to Australia on business.
My father sometimes helps me with my homework.
My father sometimes took me to his office.
My father spanked me for being a cry baby, which made me cry even more.
My father speaks French better than my mother does.
My father speaks French better than my mother.
My father speaks better English than my mother.
My father speaks better French than my mother.
My father speaks both English and French.
My father speaks in a gentle tone.
My father spends a lot of time on his hobby.
My father spent a lot of time with my brother and me when we were little.
My father split the wood.
My father spoils me.
My father started me on violin when I was really young.
My father stayed a few days in Frankfurt.
My father still breathes.
My father still talks about the old Algiers.
My father stood guarantee for my debts.
My father stopped drinking.
My father stopped reading to have lunch.
My father stopped smoking.
My father strangled my mother right in front of us.
My father stretched after dinner.
My father struggled with the robber.
My father studies astronomy — that is, the science of stars.
My father studies astronomy, ie the science of stars.
My father studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
My father studies astronomy, the science of stars.
My father studies astronomy, which is the science of stars.
My father studies astronomy, which is to say the science of stars.
My father suffers from osteoporosis.
My father suggested that we go camping.
My father suggested that we go to the movies this afternoon.
My father suggested that we should go camping.
My father supplies me with my school expenses every month.
My father supports me financially.
My father swims very well.
My father takes a bath before supper.
My father takes a walk every day.
My father takes a walk every morning.
My father takes a walk in the park.
My father taught me how to ride a bicycle.
My father taught me how to ride a bike.
My father taught me how to swim.
My father taught me the nuts and bolts of gardening.
My father taught me to eat cold boiled potatoes and drink cheap beer while watching Combat! and The Rat Patrol on television.
My father taught me to eat sardines on crackers with mustard.
My father teaches English at a high school.
My father teaches English at a middle school.
My father teaches English at college.
My father teaches at a college, my mother does at a high school.
My father tells me fairy tales to put me to sleep.
My father tells me to pull myself up by my bootstraps.
My father thinks it would be best if I didn't spend time with you.
My father thinks that he's always right.
My father threatened to wash my mouth out with soap.
My father told an old story.
My father told me I couldn't go abroad alone.
My father told me I couldn’t go abroad alone.
My father told me I was never meant to be born.
My father told me a very interesting story.
My father told me about his experiences during the war.
My father told me about this place.
My father told me an old story.
My father told me not to come.
My father told me not to read a book in bed.
My father told me not to read books in bed.
My father told me not to read the book while in bed.
My father told me that I shouldn't read books in bed.
My father told me that World War II ended in 1945.
My father told me to behave myself.
My father told me to do so on my own.
My father told me to keep silent.
My father told me to rest well.
My father told me to wash the car.
My father told me to write a reply and post it straight away.
My father told me to write an answer and post it at once.
My father told me where to go.
My father told us a very interesting story.
My father told us that it is indeed true.
My father took a day off from work yesterday.
My father took a trip to France.
My father took his place at the head of the table.
My father took me to a movie last night.
My father took me to a psychologist.
My father took me to the movies last night.
My father took my brothers and I to the zoo last Saturday.
My father took off for China.
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.
My father took us to the zoo yesterday.
My father took us to the zoo.
My father trained me not as a man or a woman, but as a performer.
My father traveled all over the world by air.
My father traveled around the world by plane.
My father traveled to France.
My father tried to teach us the value of work.
My father tries to abstain from drinking.
My father turned a dead ear to my requests.
My father urged me to go with him.
My father used to always say that you only tease the ones you love.
My father used to be a farmer.
My father used to be a strong man.
My father used to beat my mom savagely.
My father used to beat my mom.
My father used to belt me if I didn't obey him.
My father used to bring me here when I was a kid.
My father used to bring me here when I was little.
My father used to cook for us all the time.
My father used to drink 4 bottles of beer and smoke 4 packets of cigarettes every day without fail.
My father used to drink beer, but now he drinks sake.
My father used to drink till late at night.
My father used to eat at this restaurant.
My father used to eat in that restaurant.
My father used to go to work by bus.
My father used to make sloe wine.
My father used to own a store dealing in meat and fish.
My father used to pick me up after school.
My father used to read Christmas stories to us on Christmas Eve.
My father used to read books to me at bedtime.
My father used to read me bedtime stories when I was a kid.
My father used to read me bedtime stories.
My father used to read me stories when I was a little boy.
My father used to read me stories when I was a little girl.
My father used to read to me at bedtime.
My father used to say that money is not everything.
My father used to say that nothing lasts forever.
My father used to say that time is money.
My father used to say that time is precious.
My father used to say the same thing to me.
My father used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
My father used to smoke, but now he doesn’t.
My father used to strangle my mom right in front of us.
My father used to take me here when I was young­.
My father used to tell me the same thing.
My father used to travel.
My father used to whale on me whenever he got drunk.
My father used to work in a mine.
My father used to write letters that quoted from Shakespeare.
My father uses an old dictionary whose cover has come off.
My father uses his time well.
My father usually comes home at seven.
My father usually comes home at six.
My father usually drinks beer, but this evening he drank wine.
My father usually goes to his office by bus.
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed.
My father usually watches TV after dinner.
My father usually watches television after dinner.
My father usually wears a hat when he goes out for the night.
My father usually wears a hat when he goes out.
My father visited my uncle in the hospital.
My father waited for us at the bus stop.
My father walks.
My father wanted me to be an engineer.
My father wanted me to go and see that place.
My father wants an efficient assistant to help him.
My father wants me to be a doctor.
My father wants me to be an engineer.
My father wants me to become a doctor.
My father wants me to make assumptions.
My father wants me to marry Tom.
My father wants me to study abroad while I'm young.
My father wants me to study in Australia.
My father wants to make a lawyer of me.
My father wants to me to become a doctor.
My father warned me against crossing the road.
My father warned me.
My father was Algerian, my mother Spanish.
My father was Algerian.
My father was Greek.
My father was a Canadian.
My father was a celebrity.
My father was a chauffeur.
My father was a civil servant, and my mother wasn't doing anything either.
My father was a civil servant, and my mother wasn’t doing anything either.
My father was a contestant in a cooking contest and won first prize.
My father was a doctor.
My father was a gentle, easy-going person.
My father was a good-for-nothing layabout who sat about on his posterior all day and ate potato chips.
My father was a man and my mother is a woman.
My father was a member of the Liberal party, so Whiggishness runs in my family.
My father was a miller.
My father was a musician and I'm going to follow in his footsteps.
My father was a musician and I’m going to follow in his footsteps.
My father was a pacifist who refused to fight in the Vietnam War.
My father was a pastor.
My father was a policeman.
My father was a preacher.
My father was a tailor.
My father was a teacher.
My father was a tree.
My father was about to leave when the phone rang.
My father was about to leave when the telephone rang.
My father was absent from his office yesterday.
My father was already at home when I came back.
My father was always a farmer.
My father was always missing buses.
My father was an actor.
My father was an ambitious man and would drink massive amounts of coffee.
My father was an artist.
My father was an engineer.
My father was an investment banker.
My father was as old as I am now when he started working.
My father was born in Matsuyama in 1941.
My father was born in Michigan.
My father was busy.
My father was calling me from the kitchen.
My father was clearly afraid of his illness.
My father was committed to a psychiatric hospital.
My father was completely bald by the time he was forty.
My father was cooking tortillas.
My father was crazy about the game.
My father was deaf to our opinions.
My father was domineering when I was growing up.
My father was happy with the result.
My father was hospitalized yesterday.
My father was in Germany during World War II.
My father was in New York on a mission.
My father was in the fields when I got home.
My father was in the navy.
My father was late for work this morning because of a traffic jam.
My father was lost in thought.
My father was lying down while watching TV.
My father was much more ambitious than I am.
My father was never around when I was growing up.
My father was never around.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
My father was obsessed with that game.
My father was on the point of going out when I came home.
My father was perpetually drunk.
My father was promoted to president.
My father was really into that game.
My father was religious and he was a very moral man.
My father was right.
My father was rightfully tough when necessary.
My father was sad for the whole day as he had lost his wallet.
My father was satisfied with the result.
My father was sent to the hospital yesterday.
My father was so abusive to my mother.
My father was son of Argentines and my mother was daughter of Brazilians.
My father was still at home when I left.
My father was taking a nap on the sofa, with his legs stretched toward the fire.
My father was the one who gave me a taste for mathematics.
My father was the same age I am now when he moved to Boston.
My father was the ultimate authority of that family in which power was hierarchically passed down to the eldest brothers.
My father was there when the bomb exploded.
My father was unfeeling.
My father was very strict.
My father was, I think, a little drunk then.
My father wasn't home a lot when I was growing up.
My father waters the flowers.
My father went fishing.
My father went jogging after dinner.
My father went nuts when he saw me hanging out with her.
My father went out just now.
My father went out to buy postcards.
My father went to China.
My father went to Germany when he was young.
My father went to Hong Kong on business.
My father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
My father went to buy postcards.
My father went to sea at fifteen.
My father went to the U.S. three times.
My father went to the United States three times.
My father went to the United States.
My father will be at home tomorrow.
My father will be back at the beginning of next month.
My father will be back in a few days.
My father will be back in two or three days.
My father will be forty soon.
My father will be forty-five in May.
My father will be on TV tonight.
My father will come home at seven.
My father will come home at six.
My father will come home at the end of this week.
My father will cook me a delicious meal tomorrow morning.
My father will get well soon.
My father will help me.
My father will kill me.
My father will not be busy tomorrow.
My father will not let me marry him.
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.
My father will possibly come on the next train.
My father will prepare a delicious meal for me tomorrow.
My father will prepare a tasty meal for me tomorrow.
My father will probably be on the next train.
My father will recover soon.
My father will retire at 60.
My father will retire at the age of sixty.
My father will return at the beginning of next month.
My father will soon be forty years old.
My father will support me financially.
My father will travel abroad next year.
My father will travel to the United States on Monday.
My father will urge you to love your books and quills.
My father wishes for me to follow in his footsteps.
My father won't allow it.
My father won't allow me to do that.
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.
My father won't allow that.
My father won't be busy tomorrow.
My father won't be happy about this at all.
My father won't have any noise while he is at work.
My father won't lend me the car.
My father won't let me go out with Tom.
My father won't let me go to Australia.
My father won't let me go to Boston.
My father won't let my sister go to Australia.
My father won't pay for my college education.
My father won't permit me to do that.
My father won’t allow me to keep a dog.
My father won’t have any noise while he is at work.
My father worked as an engineer for the company.
My father worked at a paper mill in his 20s.
My father worked hard night and day.
My father works as a doctor.
My father works at a bank.
My father works at a factory.
My father works at the bank.
My father works at the factory as an engineer.
My father works at the factory.
My father works for a bank.
My father works for a factory.
My father works for a power company.
My father works for the company as an engineer.
My father works from morning till night every day.
My father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need.
My father works here.
My father works in a factory.
My father works in the food business.
My father would beat your father.
My father would have liked this video. It's a shame that I found it three months late.
My father would hit my mother right in front of us.
My father would like to meet you.
My father would never allow me to do that.
My father would never allow me to go out with someone like you.
My father would never approve of our marriage.
My father would never approve.
My father would never permit me to do that.
My father would never read a tabloid newspaper.
My father would not approve of that.
My father would not permit me to go on to college.
My father would often go fishing.
My father would often read the poem aloud.
My father wouldn't allow me to see my friends.
My father wouldn't let me study abroad.
My father writes in his diary every day.
My father wrote me a message.
My father's a doctor.
My father's a farmer. His family doesn't have money, and his life is very difficult.
My father's a hunter.
My father's a lawyer.
My father's admonishment was hard to bear.
My father's already been to space.
My father's birthday falls on Sunday this year.
My father's birthday is December 30th.
My father's brother is my uncle.
My father's brother's wife is my aunt.
My father's car is made in Italy.
My father's car is new.
My father's car is smaller than that of my mother.
My father's car is very nice.
My father's car was made in Italy.
My father's company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
My father's condition is very worrying.
My father's condition seems to improve one moment, but the next moment he sinks again.
My father's death from cancer challenged me to take up research on it.
My father's dwelling is mine as well.
My father's factory turns out 30,000 cars each month.
My father's father is my grandfather.
My father's free on Monday.
My father's going to kill me.
My father's gone fishing.
My father's great-grandfather was older than my mother's great-great-grandfather.
My father's hair has become streaked with gray.
My father's hair has become white.
My father's hair has grown white.
My father's hair has turned gray.
My father's head has turned gray.
My father's her lawyer.
My father's his lawyer.
My father's hobby is fishing.
My father's hobby is growing roses.
My father's house is bigger than mine.
My father's house is larger than mine.
My father's house is my house too.
My father's in jail.
My father's in the garden.
My father's in the hospital recovering from surgery.
My father's job is interesting.
My father's job required him to be away from home a few days a week.
My father's last read book, as he passed away in 2013, was Living Your Past Lives: The Psychology of Past-Life Regression, by Karl Schlotterbeck. Some of my father's favourite foods were baked salmon with mayonnaise, jellyfish, kaldereta, and mochi filled with bean paste.
My father's little library consisted chiefly of books on polemic divinity, most of which I read.
My father's mother is my grandma.
My father's mother is my grandmother.
My father's mother is my paternal grandmother.
My father's name is Robert.
My father's name is Tom, and my mother's name is Mary.
My father's name is Tom.
My father's name is Zana.
My father's name was Walter Shirley, and he was a teacher in the Bolingbroke High School.
My father's not at home.
My father's out, but my mother's at home.
My father's proud of his car.
My father's room is very big.
My father's saying nothing.
My father's sister's husband is my uncle.
My father's sisters are my aunts.
My father's so busy that he can't even take a walk.
My father's star sign is Cancer.
My father's success counts for nothing to me.
My father's work is to buy wool.
My father, God grant him peace, was an accountant.
My father, God rest his soul, was a fisherman.
My father, I ask where the offering is; here is the wood and fire.
My father, born as a Roman Catholic in the Philippines, converted in North America to a Baptist Protestant under the guidance of other Filipinos. At the time, he was hexed by joblessness. He was often a businessman of different wares and foodstuffs. Despite calling himself a Christian, he sometimes forayed into Buddhism, practice of meditation, and ideas of reincarnation. He believed that when he would die, he would be reborn in a different body in a different world—a different "planet."
My father, grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather all had the same name as I have.
My father, in his infinite wisdom, has forgotten to bring the tarp again.
My father, still when he was a Roman Catholic and after when he became a Protestant, was always interested in the paranormal, which entailed non-Christian ideas. He read books of Tuesday Lobsang Rampa, Erich von Däniken, Deepak Chopra, and James Redfield.
My father, the king, died, allegedly from a snake bite.
My father, who died in 2004, was man, and my mother is a woman.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
My father, who is now working in the United States, wrote us a letter last week.
My father, who is very busy, has no time to read books.
My father, who's still alive, and my grandfather were language professors.
My father-in-law has an important job.
My father-in-law has dark hair.
My father-in-law is a lawyer.
My father-in-law is an engineer.
My father-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My father-in-law is sitting.
My father-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My father-in-law talks about you all the time.
My father? He goes to the library, to the cinema, to the theatre. He's very active.
My fatherland is there, where my soul is.
My fathers are dead.
My fathers are healthy.
My fathers are old.
My fathers don't speak Dutch.
My fathers live in Australia.
My fathers love me.
My fathers quarrel.
My fathers were not good people.
My father’s a doctor.
My father’s a farmer. His family doesn’t have money, and his life is very difficult.
My father’s admonishment was hard to bear.
My father’s birthday falls on Sunday this year.
My father’s brother is my uncle.
My father’s car is made in Italy.
My father’s car is new.
My father’s car is very nice.
My father’s company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
My father’s condition seems to improve one moment, but the next moment he sinks again.
My father’s death from cancer challenged me to take up research on it.
My father’s factory turns out 30,000 cars each month.
My father’s hair has become streaked with gray.
My father’s hair has grown white.
My father’s head has turned gray.
My father’s hobby is fishing.
My father’s hobby is growing roses.
My father’s in the garden.
My father’s little library consisted chiefly of books on polemic divinity, most of which I read.
My father’s name is Robert.
My father’s older brother is a civil servant.
My father’s room is very big.
My father’s success counts for nothing to me.
My father’s work is to buy wool.
My fault.
My favorite Beatles' song is "Yesterday."
My favorite German band is Juli.
My favorite Italian actor is Adriano Celentano.
My favorite Stephen Foster song is "Beautiful Dreamer."
My favorite TV show's been canceled.
My favorite Yiddish neologism is "faktazye" for science fiction, a portmanteau of the words for "fact" and "fantasy."
My favorite YouTube channel is Deutsche Welle.
My favorite actress is Jessica Alba.
My favorite alcoholic drink is rum.
My favorite artists are in BTS.
My favorite author is the same as Tom's.
My favorite balloon burst unexpectedly.
My favorite bar had its liquor license suspended for serving alcohol to minors.
My favorite bar is located below the railway, so I always hear the clanging noise of the trains passing by when I'm drinking.
My favorite beatitude is "Blessed are the pure of heart, for they shall see God."
My favorite beverage is tea.
My favorite beverage is without a doubt seltzer.
My favorite book has deeply influenced my beliefs.
My favorite bowl broke when I dropped it.
My favorite cat has disappeared. I haven't seen him in three days.
My favorite children's book is The Wind in the Willows.
My favorite city in the whole world is Boston.
My favorite city is Boston.
My favorite city is Seoul, in South Korea.
My favorite coffee is cappuccino, of course with no chocolate on the top.
My favorite color is black.
My favorite color is blue.
My favorite color is brown.
My favorite color is dark blue.
My favorite color is green.
My favorite color is orange.
My favorite color is purple.
My favorite color is red.
My favorite color is that of a redcurrant.
My favorite color of crayon is mac & cheese.
My favorite color of lipstick is pink.
My favorite color's orange.
My favorite comic strip is the one with Dilbert's dog.
My favorite crystals are clear quartz and amethyst.
My favorite dance is the tango.
My favorite dance is the waltz.
My favorite day of the week is Monday.
My favorite designer is Tom Jackson.
My favorite dessert is cheesecake a la mode!
My favorite dessert is cheesecake a la mode.
My favorite dessert is ice cream.
My favorite digit is 4.
My favorite dish is pizza.
My favorite dish is wild boar with juniper berries.
My favorite dissenters--I mean those whose ideas ill accorded with my own--were wont to express themselves with exquisite courtesy.
My favorite dress is the black one.
My favorite drink at that little vegan restaurant is a lemonade with lemon and bergamot.
My favorite drink is black tea.
My favorite drink is coffee.
My favorite drink is green tea.
My favorite drink is tea.
My favorite episode is when the forest raccoons make voting machines from tin cans and rubber bands.
My favorite fish are salmon.
My favorite fish is carp.
My favorite fish is salmon.
My favorite fish to eat is salmon.
My favorite flavor is chocolate.
My favorite flavor of ice cream is chocolate.
My favorite floor is hard wood.
My favorite flowers are carnations, daffodils, chrysanthemums, and violets.
My favorite flowers are sunflowers.
My favorite flowers are tulips.
My favorite food has always been ice cream.
My favorite food is alfredo pasta with mushrooms, tomatoes and corn on the cob on the side.
My favorite food is ice cream.
My favorite food is pizza.
My favorite food is tuna fish sandwich.
My favorite from the band Guitarra Azul is Oasis.
My favorite fruit is a banana.
My favorite fruit is tamarind.
My favorite game is hide-and-seek.
My favorite gospel artist is Flamy Grant.
My favorite hero is Hercules.
My favorite hostas are the variegated ones, with dark green and yellow-green leaves.
My favorite instrument is the harmonica.
My favorite is this one.
My favorite is with ground round.
My favorite kind of cake is cheesecake.
My favorite kind of ice cream is chocolate.
My favorite kind of music is jazz.
My favorite language is Berber.
My favorite language is French.
My favorite language isn't just a dream.
My favorite meal is steak, and Adriano makes it best.
My favorite modern writer is Tom Jackson.
My favorite month is October.
My favorite music instrument is the flute.
My favorite music is pop music.
My favorite nonalcoholic drink is an avocado shake. Yum, it's so delicious!
My favorite novel is set in feudal Japan and offers a fascinating glimpse into Japanese history.
My favorite novelist is Tom Jackson.
My favorite number is 4.
My favorite operatic composers are Handel, Mozart and Puccini.
My favorite painting is The Kiss.
My favorite part of organizing a fun party is actually welcoming the party guests into the kitchen to make them discover all kinds of flavors and making them enjoy the food that I've cooked earlier in the day.
My favorite part of the Appassionata is the second movement.
My favorite part of the daily paper is the sports section.
My favorite part of the daily paper was the extra sheets printed for use as toilet paper.
My favorite part of the movie is when the monkey throws the bone into the air.
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore.
My favorite pianist is Frederic Chopin.
My favorite pizza is Hawaiian.
My favorite pizza is Pizza Hawaii.
My favorite pizza is pepperoni pizza.
My favorite poet is Tom Jackson.
My favorite position is missionary.
My favorite restaurant burned down.
My favorite restaurant is Chuck's Diner.
My favorite ritual is reading Algerian newspapers.
My favorite sandwich is a fried PBJ.
My favorite saying is "Two heads are better than one."
My favorite season is Fall.
My favorite season is spring.
My favorite season is summer.
My favorite short film of the project Short Peace is Combustible.
My favorite show starts at eight.
My favorite singer is Kylie Minogue.
My favorite singer is Mariah Carey, too!
My favorite singer is THE ALFEE.
My favorite singer is Tom Jackson, too.
My favorite singer is Tom Jackson.
My favorite singer is Whitney Houston.
My favorite singer is Édith Piaf.
My favorite slippers are shaped like aliens with trumpet-looking ears.
My favorite smoothie is one made with green tea, frozen raspberries and blueberries.
My favorite soccer player is Shinji Ono.
My favorite song is "Hotel Tatoeba".
My favorite song is Hungry Spider.
My favorite sport is baseball.
My favorite sport is basketball.
My favorite sport is football.
My favorite sport is skiing.
My favorite sport is soccer.
My favorite stories are "Anne of Green Gables", "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" and "Heidi, Girl of the Alps".
My favorite stringed instrument is the double bass.
My favorite subfield of physics is mechanics.
My favorite subject in school is history.
My favorite subject is French.
My favorite subject is biology.
My favorite subject is math.
My favorite subject is science.
My favorite subject is zoology.
My favorite subjects in high school were geometry and history.
My favorite teacher is Mr. Jackson.
My favorite teacher was Mr. Jackson.
My favorite team is Inter Milano in Italy.
My favorite team lost yesterday.
My favorite thing about summer is the soothing breeze during the night.
My favorite thing to drink is coffee.
My favorite thing to wear on a lazy day is a comfy pair of sweatpants and a hoodie.
My favorite tomcat has disappeared. I haven't seen him in three days.
My favorite translation is this one.
My favorite tree is the weeping willow.
My favorite type of food is chocolate fudge.
My favorite vegetable is eggplant.
My favorite vegetable is the tomato.
My favorite website is Kylie Konnect and it's better than Facebook.
My favorite website is Kylie Konnect and it’s better than Facebook.
My favorite winter sport is ice skating.
My favorite word in German is the word for "glove".
My favourite Disney character is not Mickey Mouse.
My favourite Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoon character is Marvin the Martian.
My favourite Spanish dish is paella.
My favourite Star Trek: Enterprise episode is "Exile" about a telepathic alien's seduction of Ensign Hoshi Sato, a take on Beauty and the Beast.
My favourite TV programme has been cancelled.
My favourite TV show has been discontinued.
My favourite TV show's been taken off the air.
My favourite animals are squirrels and stoats, while my girlfriend is fascinated by spiders, strange as it may seem.
My favourite anime genre is isekai.
My favourite biscuit is Singoalla.
My favourite brassiere shop welcomes everyone -- young, old, post-mastectomy, trans women and non-binary folks.
My favourite cake is cheesecake.
My favourite care was the first one.
My favourite city is Granada.
My favourite colour is blue.
My favourite colour is carmine red.
My favourite colour is carmine.
My favourite colour is dark blue.
My favourite colour is orange.
My favourite colour is purple.
My favourite colour is red.
My favourite day of the week is Monday.
My favourite dish is pasta with spinach.
My favourite drink is black tea.
My favourite drink is tea.
My favourite food is crisps.
My favourite fruit is the apple.
My favourite game is football.
My favourite game was hide and seek.
My favourite genre of music is pop.
My favourite movie is Fellini's Satyricon.
My favourite musical instrument is the electric guitar.
My favourite native languages in Canada are Haida, Inuktitut, and Cree. In Mexico, my favourites are Classical Nahuatl and Yucatec Maya. In South America, my favourites are Quechua, Guarani, and Hixkaryana. I feel "magic" as I read about these themes. Amerindian lifestyle and languages are a recurring fantasy for me.
My favourite number is four.
My favourite number is three.
My favourite season is autumn.
My favourite season is spring.
My favourite season is summer.
My favourite show is "Desperate Housewives".
My favourite song by Lady Gaga is Paparazzi.
My favourite song changes each day.
My favourite song changes on a daily basis.
My favourite sport is football.
My favourite streamer turned out to be a milkshake duck.
My favourite stringed instrument is the double bass.
My favourite subject is maths.
My favourite subject is physics.
My favourite subjects at secondary school were Geography and History.
My favourite subjects at secondary school were Geometry and History.
My favourite team is nearing relegation.
My favourite team is nearing the bottom of the standings.
My favourite thing to drink is latte.
My favourite translation is this one.
My favourite type of food is chocolate fudge.
My favourite was chips.
My favourite word in German is the word 'Handschuhe'.
My favourite word in German is the word for gloves: 'Handschuhe'.
My fear is more than my desire to try.
My fear is stronger than my will to try.
My fear of making another mistake is crippling my progress.
My fear of making another mistake is why I'm being extra careful.
My fears came true.
My feelings are genuine.
My feelings are hurt.
My feelings are mixed.
My feelings are still too strong to let go.
My feelings didn't get across.
My feelings for Tom are complicated.
My feelings for Tom haven't changed.
My feelings for him are eternal.
My feelings for him are genuine.
My feelings for you have been hidden for a long time.
My feelings for you have not changed.
My feelings for you haven't changed.
My feelings for you remain strong.
My feelings for you run deep.
My feelings have changed, and I can’t pretend otherwise.
My feelings may seem random but my thoughts are never!
My feelings of dread of being watched were strong.
My feelings toward him have changed over time.
My feelings toward you have changed over time.
My feelings towards you have changed over time.
My feelings underwent a change.
My feelings were hurt.
My feelings were mixed.
My feelings weren't reciprocated.
My feelings will remain private.
My feet ached.
My feet are a little swollen.
My feet are always cold.
My feet are bigger than yours.
My feet are cold.
My feet are dirty.
My feet are freezing.
My feet are frozen.
My feet are hurting.
My feet are itchy.
My feet are killing me.
My feet are numb.
My feet are small compared to yours.
My feet are smaller than your feet.
My feet are smaller than yours.
My feet are soaked.
My feet are sore.
My feet are sunburned.
My feet are swollen.
My feet are warm.
My feet are wet.
My feet carried me to John's place.
My feet feel good.
My feet get cold.
My feet got steamed up.
My feet got stuck in the mud.
My feet got wet.
My feet hurt because I walked too much.
My feet hurt because these shoes are too small.
My feet hurt like hell.
My feet hurt so much, I think that I must have run them right through to the bone.
My feet hurt.
My feet hurt; let's take a break!
My feet really hurt.
My feet started sticking in the muddy street. I nearly fell down.
My feet still hurt.
My feet stink.
My feet went to sleep and I couldn't stand up.
My feet went to sleep and I couldn’t stand up.
My feet were numb with cold.
My fellow Americans, I'm pleased to tell you today that I've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever. We begin bombing in five minutes.
My fellow Americans, it has been the honor of my life to serve you.
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. We were strangers once, too.
My fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.
My fellow Brazilians, our country has all the right conditions to overcome this crisis, and return to economic growth with jobs, stability, income distribution and opportunities for everyone.
My fellow citizens of the world: Ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
My fellow citizens, tonight is my last opportunity to speak to you from the Oval Office as your President. I am profoundly grateful to you for twice giving me the honor to serve, to work for you and with you to prepare our Nation for the 21st century.
My fellow journalists are preparing a report from the scene of the events.
My ferret's name is Cookie.
My fever has broken.
My fever seems to be coming back again. I wish I hadn't gone to work.
My fever won't go away.
My fever won’t go away.
My fiance and I live in Algiers.
My fiancee arrived without notifying me beforehand, and I felt embarrassed.
My fiancee is Canadian.
My fiancée is a Canadian.
My fiancée is studying history.
My field has turned into fallow land.
My field of specialty is Berber dialectology.
My field of study is linguistics.
My fifth-year junior school son has transferred into a school in Nagoya from Shizuoka.
My fight in our examination hell is over!
My fight is to be happy in a world where nobody wants me to.
My fighting skills can impress almost anyone when I put them out.
My fighting skills gets the most talked about in my hometown when I'm on duty in my job as a public officer.
My figures don't seem to tally with yours.
My film has run out.
My final destination in China is the city of Harbin in the north-east, about one thousand kilometres from Beijing.
My final point is just to extend our deepest sympathies to the families of those who were affected and to send our prayers to those who are surviving and are in hospitals right now, and their family members hoping that they get better very soon.
My finances were stable at the beginning of the pandemic, but now I'm starting to feel the pinch.
My financial situation doesn’t allow for a holiday.
My financial situation has changed.
My financial situation is becoming increasingly dire.
My financial situation is supported by a state subsidy.
My financial worries are over.
My financial worries are past.
My findings suggest that is not the case.
My findings suggest that isn't the case.
My findings suggest that that is not the case.
My findings suggest that that isn't the case.
My finger got burned.
My finger is burned.
My finger is fine now.
My finger is throbbing because I accidentally shut the car door on it.
My finger turned brown after I dipped it in a slightly concentrated solution of potassium permanganate.
My fingers are all inky from the tragic calligraphy accident.
My fingers are crossed.
My fingers are fine now.
My fingers are freezing.
My fingers are frozen.
My fingers are full of semen.
My fingers are numb.
My fingers are so cold they have gone numb.
My fingers are so cold they've gone numb.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can’t play the piano.
My fingers are starting to callus over. I love it for some reason.
My fingers are stiff from playing the piano all day.
My fingers are stiff.
My fingers are too fat to fit into these gloves.
My fingers are totally frozen out by the outside weather.
My fingers deftly flew across the keyboard taking diligent notes for hours on end (unbeknownst to me, this would be a harbinger of the times to come, as my fingers now seem perpetually connected to the keyboard day after day).
My fingers have gone numb from the cold.
My fingers hurt.
My fingers left marks on the glass.
My fingers pronounce every word, every pause and every accent.
My fingers went numb.
My fingers were numb with cold.
My fingers were so frozen that I couldn't play the piano.
My fingertips are frozen.
My first French teacher was Tom.
My first French teacher wasn't a native speaker.
My first French teacher's name was Tom Jackson.
My first Java applet was hello world.
My first appointment is not until 2.30.
My first appointment isn't until 2:30.
My first appointment was at 9:00 AM with a woman who had chronic back pain.
My first attempt at a cheesecake tasted horrible.
My first attempt at making wheat bread with my bread machine was a success.
My first bicycle was a mountain bike.
My first boss was a woman.
My first boyfriend was Tom.
My first car didn't have power steering.
My first car was a Nissan Pulsar.
My first car was blue.
My first car was red.
My first child was born last year.
My first class here in North America from the Philippines was in Grade 5. Phoebe was a strange, quiet Filipino classmate with long hair. It seemed that maybe she was born in this continent.
My first computer had only 128 kilobytes of memory!
My first computer only had 128 kilobytes of memory.
My first cousin is from Egypt. He is Egyptian.
My first day at university was pretty boring.
My first day in the university was rather boring.
My first day of college was pretty boring.
My first day of work was Monday.
My first deed as Senator is designating you as the official jester.
My first dinner in Chinatown was one of those that make you say "My gosh, Chinese food is so amazing!"
My first dog was a German shepherd.
My first experiments were failures and I was discouraged because, instead of saving food, I was wasting it, and yet I was unwilling to acknowledge myself defeated by the little square of leaven that came to me so attractively done up in tinfoil.
My first foster father was a smoker.
My first girlfriend was Canadian.
My first girlfriend was a Canadian.
My first girlfriend was a blonde.
My first girlfriend was taller than me.
My first girlfriend was three years older than I was.
My first guess was wide of the mark.
My first guess was wide off the mark.
My first guitar was given to me by my father.
My first husband was Tom Jackson.
My first impression of Algeria was really good.
My first impression of Boston wasn't good.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
My first impression was that he was a tactful politician.
My first impulse was to follow her and give her such a spank as Mistress Molly administered the day she trounced her for pushing Peter into the creek.
My first job was at a travel agency, and I didn't like it much.
My first job was mowing lawns for my neighbors.
My first language is Berber.
My first language was French.
My first love left an unrecoverable mark on my mental health.
My first love left me with many regrets.
My first love relationship ended disastrously.
My first love relationship ended in utter disaster.
My first love relationship left me feeling mentally disturbed and tormented.
My first monitor was monochrome.
My first name is Mary and Poppins is my maiden name.
My first name is Tom.
My first name is not Tom.
My first name isn't Tom.
My first purchase with my first paycheck from VOA in 2015 was an antique mandolin.
My first reaction was to hurl myself at him.
My first reaction was to laugh.
My first romantic relationship left me with some big and insurmountable mental traumas.
My first sexual experience was with a woman some years older than I was.
My first sleepover was at Tom's place.
My first son is from another mother.
My first son was named after my uncle.
My first stop was the supermarket.
My first task was to screen out unqualified applicants.
My first teacher was called Iracema.
My first teacher was called Iracema. Iracema is also the name of one of my sisters.
My first thought was to do it right away.
My first thought was to leave.
My first three marriages ended in divorce.
My first three weeks here were very difficult for me.
My first week on station was mind-numbingly chilly, temperatures hovered around minus 42 Celsius (minus 45 Fahrenheit).
My first wife died in 2013.
My first wife died.
My first wife is dead.
My first wife is from Bologna and the second one is from Padua.
My first wife was Canadian.
My first wife was Mary Jackson.
My first wife was from Australia.
My first wife was from Boston.
My first wish is to be rich.
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy and full of energy.
My five-year-old daughter is very curious.
My flag will soar in the sky.
My flash drive isn't being recognized.
My flashlight had four bulbs which didn't light.
My flashlight has stopped working.
My flashlight is broken.
My flashlight is dead.
My flashlight isn't working.
My flat has a big living room.
My flat has a large living room.
My flat is chock-full of stuff I never use.
My flat is close.
My flat is full of stuff I never use.
My flat is full of things I never use.
My flat is in that building.
My flat is like yours.
My flat is located on the first floor.
My flat is more comfortable than yours.
My flat is near here.
My flat is near.
My flat is not far away.
My flat is on the first floor.
My flat is on the fourth floor.
My flat is on the ground floor.
My flat is on the seventeenth floor. The bedroom and living room both face south.
My flat is on the third floor.
My flat is very untidy.
My flat isn't far away.
My flat isn't far from here.
My flat's on the first floor.
My flatmate complained about the noise.
My flatmate is allergic to soya. Whenever my brother, who is vegan, comes to visit, I never know what to cook.
My flatmate is good at massage.
My flatmate is really nice.
My flatmate is too garrulous.
My flatmate is too talkative.
My flaws shouldn't matter to you.
My flight arrived at 2.30 pm.
My flight arrived at 2:30 p.m.
My flight arrived at 2:30.
My flight arrived at 9 pm.
My flight back to Australia leaves in three hours.
My flight back to Boston leaves in three hours.
My flight has been canceled.
My flight has been delayed.
My flight is supposed to arrive at 2:30.
My flight landed at 2.30 pm.
My flight leaves at 2:30.
My flight leaves in less than an hour.
My flight leaves in three hours.
My flight to Canada doesn't leave for another couple hours.
My flight was canceled and I can't leave until tomorrow.
My flight was canceled and I can’t leave until tomorrow.
My flight was canceled.
My flight was cancelled.
My flight was delayed.
My flight was supposed to arrive at 2:30 p.m.
My flight was supposed to arrive at 2:30.
My flight will arrive at 2:30.
My flight will depart in an hour.
My flower garden is colorful and my life is colorful. My flower garden and my life are colorful.
My flower garden was trampled by urchins.
My flowerbed has been ruined by the neighbour's cats.
My flowerbed was ruined by my neighbor's cats.
My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.
My focus abruptly returned to the here and now when I heard her voice.
My focus is sharper than ever.
My fog lights are on.
My folding bike is the cleverest piece of kit, ever.
My folks used to tell me stories about that.
My food is cheap.
My food is cold when it should be hot.
My foolishness not only causes me regret but also shames me.
My foot fell asleep.
My foot got stuck.
My foot got twisted.
My foot hurts because I stepped on the glass.
My foot hurts.
My foot is aching.
My foot is asleep.
My foot is better.
My foot is bleeding.
My foot is broken.
My foot is itching.
My foot is numb.
My foot is small beside yours.
My foot is smaller than yours.
My foot is sprained.
My foot is stiff.
My foot itches.
My foot really hurts!
My foot really hurts.
My foot was amputated.
My foot!
My foot's asleep again!
My foot's itching.
My foot’s asleep again!
My forcefield has been activated.
My forehead burned with fever.
My fork is too small.
My form teacher is the same age as my mother.
My former wife could at least cook.
My formidable grandmother was such a stickler for language that whenever she heard someone ask "Can I…" she would interrupt and snap back at them, "I don't know, can you? If you don't know yourself, how would I know what you're capable of? If you're asking permission say 'May I…'"
My fortune cookie says, "About time I got out of that cookie."
My fortune cookie says, "When you wake up, get out of bed immediately, run outside, and take two steps forward and two steps to the left. Then, just hope for the best."
My fortune has risen.
My fortune has vanished.
My foster parents are pretty nice.
My foster son is a sleepwalker.
My fountain pen is new.
My four-year-old son likes composing little melodies on the piano.
My fourth grandfather was born in Algeria.
My fridge is faulty.
My friend Alexander speaks Spanish.
My friend Alexandre teaches German and Esperanto.
My friend Amastan often writes about his friends on Tatoeba.
My friend Badis lives in Khenchela, in the Aures.
My friend Bothwell often refers to the belly as a “success curve”—the steeper the gradient, the higher the level of affluence.
My friend Bratislav believes that this universe is teeming with life, as in the planets beyond, and space itself, he notes, is not really just vacuum, but is full of "plasmic creatures."
My friend Bratislav believes the Amerindian, Robert Morning Sky, who theorizes that creatures on other worlds will tend to evolve to have humanoid shape, as they approach sentience, be they apelike, lizard-like, insect-like, plant-like, fungus-like, etc.
My friend Bratislav tended to think that extraterrestrials were humanoid in that they had a head, two arms, a body, and two legs. But I opined that extraterrestrials could have different configurations, as different as octopuses and insects on our Earth.
My friend Bratislav told me that he felt like a "weird kid" growing up. I replied by saying that I too was a "weird kid."
My friend David H. thought that having children has a likeness to immortality. I retorted that it was an illusion, as "your children are not you." Even a clone would have a different environment, as he or she develops a different personality from the parent.
My friend David had a long-haired white cat with blue eyes. Its Cantonese name was Mou4mou4 for "hair-hair." It was so soft.
My friend George is coming to Japan this spring.
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer.
My friend George is going to Japan this summer.
My friend Glen in university was from a family from Xiānggǎng. He was a chubby fellow and liked badminton. His favourite foreign language was French.
My friend Henry was not in class yesterday, and neither was I.
My friend Kei is beautiful, but she is not considerate to others.
My friend Kim has really bad anal bleeding sometimes.
My friend Marcelo writes in Latin.
My friend Martin is studying law.
My friend Martina is a gynaecologist by profession.
My friend Mike is studying chemistry at Oxford University.
My friend Rosie is a werewolf.
My friend Salas is Algerian.
My friend Sami was mistaken for Indian.
My friend Shehnaz is Kashmiri, and she lives in Srinagar.
My friend Steve in university was muscular, but not bulky. He hailed from Xiānggǎng, but mostly grew up in North America. He was an enthusiast of the Japanese language and listened to J-pop whenever he could. His dream came true when he met a Japanese girl and eventually married her.
My friend Sun shine on me now and ever.
My friend Swapnil is from India.
My friend Teresa went traveling in Brazil.
My friend Tom bought a sports car.
My friend Tom committed suicide thirteen years ago.
My friend Tom has three times as many stamps as me.
My friend Tom has twice as many stamps as I do.
My friend Tom is a Canadian expat living in Australia.
My friend Tom used to draw on graph paper.
My friend Tom's wife is my cousin Mary, the daughter of one of my father's brothers.
My friend added a personal note on top of the cake.
My friend almost went abroad.
My friend always accuses me of doing wrong things.
My friend always jokes when I am not in the right mood.
My friend always jokes when I don't feel like it.
My friend always runs away from spiders.
My friend and I both went abroad to finish our studies.
My friend and I have listened to a good many strange secrets in this room, and we have had the good fortune to bring peace to many troubled souls.
My friend and I have the same lock and home screens on our phones.
My friend and I often go to the movies.
My friend and I were in Kabylie.
My friend and I were separated in the jostle of the surging crowd.
My friend and I were the only two people on the beach.
My friend and I will go to Japan in August.
My friend and I would go to Kabylie, Algeria, all the time.
My friend and coworker Jai, of a Hindu family, and I favoured having lunch at a Japanese restaurant.
My friend and the shop clerk had a fight. The clerk said he had broken something, but my friend said he hadn't.
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.
My friend asked that I call the obstetrician because she was afraid the baby was going to be born too soon.
My friend became a physicist.
My friend became accustomed to the way things were in France in those days.
My friend became like a member of my family.
My friend believes conspiracy theories; should I try to prove him wrong?
My friend bought a yellow car.
My friend bought the second-best bicycle in the shop.
My friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me.
My friend broke up with his girlfriend and now wants to go out with me.
My friend called me a coward.
My friend called me just as I was walking out the door to remind me about the meeting.
My friend called me the "All-Nighter Master".
My friend came to me with a business proposition.
My friend came to the library to study.
My friend can speak Chinese and Japanese.
My friend can't go this weekend.
My friend can't speak English.
My friend comes from North Africa.
My friend comes to the library to study.
My friend composes soundtracks for video games.
My friend contacted me.
My friend copied my homework and the teacher found out.
My friend departed from Narita for Paris.
My friend did that when he went there.
My friend died from a wound.
My friend died from an injury.
My friend died last week.
My friend disappeared like a grey mule in the fog.
My friend doctored his ID to make it look like he was 18.
My friend doesn't believe in ghosts.
My friend doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
My friend doesn't play tennis.
My friend doesn't use milk.
My friend doesn't use sugar.
My friend doesn't want sugar.
My friend doesn’t believe that ghosts exist.
My friend dropped out of university after failing all his classes.
My friend dumped me.
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit.
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn’t commit.
My friend engraves people's names on watches. I guess it pays pretty well.
My friend exhorts me to enjoy every moment of life.
My friend fancies you.
My friend fasts during Lent.
My friend fasts in Lent time.
My friend feels very ill.
My friend finished with his girlfriend and now wants to go out with me.
My friend from university gave me a Kindle because he said he wasn't using it anymore. It's the DX model with a large screen. It's not easy to use, but the screen is indeed quite nice. It hadn't bothered me until now, but it's become hard for me to read something on a normal LCD screen.
My friend frowned as she read the letter.
My friend gave a me typical reaction after I scared him.
My friend gave me a silk scarf.
My friend ghosted my texts because I was waiting for him to pay off his debt to me.
My friend goes swimming in the sea.
My friend goes to the library to study.
My friend got good marks in the English examination.
My friend got married last month.
My friend got married today.
My friend got rid of his debt.
My friend got shot.
My friend got to ride a stretch limousine to prom!
My friend got upset at me because I couldn't read between the lines, and I said something I shouldn't have.
My friend graduates in one academic year.
My friend had a miscarriage and I don't know how to comfort her.
My friend had a professor who was a monarchist.
My friend had no breakfast himself, for it was one of his peculiarities that in his more intense moments he would permit himself no food.
My friend hardly glanced up as I entered.
My friend has a cat named Sock.
My friend has a fish.
My friend has a large family.
My friend has a really long name.
My friend has arrived.
My friend has been calling.
My friend has been here this week.
My friend has been shot.
My friend has broken his arm.
My friend has dark and suicidal thoughts and I don't know how I can help her.
My friend has finally paid his entire debt.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
My friend has no interest in marriage.
My friend has proposed to me that I go play in the street.
My friend has recently been very secretive and sneaky.
My friend has twice as many stamps as I do.
My friend has visited me.
My friend hasn't come back yet.
My friend helped me.
My friend helping me enabled me to succeed.
My friend here is not only a pianist, but also a composer.
My friend here wants to take diggings; and as you were complaining that you could get no one to go halves with you, I thought that I had better bring you together.
My friend here will be paying.
My friend hid in the closet so my father, who was about to enter my room, wouldn't spot her.
My friend inspires me to live each day to the utmost.
My friend invited me to dinner at the restaurant.
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.
My friend is Belgian.
My friend is Canadian.
My friend is French.
My friend is German.
My friend is Indian.
My friend is Kabyle.
My friend is Maghrebi.
My friend is Neapolitan.
My friend is North African.
My friend is Polish.
My friend is Swiss.
My friend is a TV journalist.
My friend is a bit off-kilter.
My friend is a chatty man.
My friend is a great guy but he is so shy. You can't imagine how difficult it is for him to start a conversation with a stranger.
My friend is a great guy but he is so shy. You can’t imagine how difficult it is for him to start a conversation with a stranger.
My friend is a real bookworm.
My friend is a resident of Naples.
My friend is a salt worker.
My friend is a talkative person.
My friend is a teacher.
My friend is a wonderful person.
My friend is about to have a rude awakening.
My friend is an actress.
My friend is an artist of words. It's a pleasure to read everything she writes.
My friend is beside me.
My friend is bilingual.
My friend is celiac. So she does not support gluten.
My friend is coming over tomorrow.
My friend is completely crazy. Don't pay attention to him.
My friend is completely crazy. Don’t pay attention to him.
My friend is crying.
My friend is currently designing a user interface for the new operating system.
My friend is depressed.
My friend is designing a user interface for the new operating system.
My friend is driving me to practice this weekend.
My friend is eating fish.
My friend is fluent in a lot of languages.
My friend is from Boston.
My friend is from Palestine.
My friend is from the Maghreb.
My friend is from the future.
My friend is gay and he thinks that cunnilingus is disgusting.
My friend is going to become an architect.
My friend is good-looking.
My friend is here.
My friend is into burlesque.
My friend is letting his pet dog eat raspberries.
My friend is looking for a new girlfriend.
My friend is obsessed with computers.
My friend is obsessed with this.
My friend is of Maghrebi origin.
My friend is of North African origin.
My friend is opposed to my opinion.
My friend is really a clown.
My friend is seriously injured.
My friend is seventeen years old.
My friend is seventeen.
My friend is sick.
My friend is still a soldier.
My friend is studying Korean.
My friend is studying aircraft engineering.
My friend is stupid.
My friend is talkative.
My friend is versed in many languages.
My friend is very depressed after recently losing his wife whom he loved so much.
My friend is walking a dog.
My friend is walking her dog.
My friend is walking with a dog.
My friend is walking with her dog.
My friend is writing a doctoral thesis on developing visual perceptual skills in children with learning disabilities.
My friend is you, not him.
My friend isn't Canadian.
My friend just sent me this picture of his little cousin.
My friend kept nudging me to tell me something.
My friend knows Japanese, Korean and Chinese.
My friend lets his pet dog eat raspberries.
My friend lied to me.
My friend likes chocolate ice cream.
My friend likes to live in the city, but his wife prefers to live in their little cottage in the country.
My friend lives in Buttfuck, Egypt.
My friend lives in Buttfuck, Nowhere.
My friend lives in Buttfuck.
My friend lives in Mexico.
My friend lives in Quezon City.
My friend lives in that house.
My friend lives in the middle of nowhere.
My friend lives in this house.
My friend lives near the Swiss German border.
My friend lives near the border of Switzerland and Germany.
My friend lives near the post office.
My friend lives on the border between Kyoto and Osaka.
My friend lives on the third floor.
My friend lives outside the city.
My friend lost her mother.
My friend made a good suggestion.
My friend made the suggestion that we launch a business together.
My friend may have had a bad time in Africa.
My friend never explained anything to me.
My friend never gave an explanation.
My friend never gave any explanations.
My friend never gave me any kind of explanation.
My friend never leaves the house without cigarettes.
My friend often talks about his work.
My friend only eats organic food.
My friend ought to have arrived here by now.
My friend over there is really shy, but he thinks you're cute and he'd like to talk to you.
My friend over there is really shy.
My friend over there thinks you're cute, but he's too shy to tell you.
My friend over there thinks you're cute, but she's too shy to tell you.
My friend over there thinks you're cute.
My friend paid me a visit.
My friend passed away a few months ago.
My friend picked up a bargain at a seized car auction last week.
My friend practices violin in the hope of joining a symphonic metal band.
My friend put forward a good suggestion.
My friend recommended that I shouldn't buy an iPad yet, but to wait until I see what Apple's competitors come out with.
My friend recommended that I shouldn’t buy an iPad yet, but to wait until I see what Apple’s competitors come out with.
My friend remembered which way to go.
My friend said he had bought a new watch.
My friend said she bought a new watch.
My friend saved the girl at the risk of his own life.
My friend says that she's suicidal.
My friend scored 95 on the maths exam.
My friend seems serious to me.
My friend sent me a letter asking how I was.
My friend sent me a letter in which he asked me if I'm well.
My friend sent me a letter in which he asked me if I’m well.
My friend sent me a letter to find out how I was.
My friend sent me a link to this video.
My friend shook his head as much as to say "impossible".
My friend should be home now.
My friend should've arrived by now.
My friend speaks Dutch natively.
My friend speaks many languages.
My friend spoke heaps without taking any break about himself.
My friend still continues to work at the police station.
My friend studies Korean.
My friend suddenly ghosted me, without any sort of explanation.
My friend suddenly left me alone, without an explanation.
My friend suggested that we establish a company together.
My friend surprised me with a homemade cake.
My friend talks too much and she's driving me crazy.
My friend taught me Berber.
My friend teaches English.
My friend threw out the information in a very offhand way, but I saw that he cocked his eye at me to see if I had followed his reasoning.
My friend threw the paper aside, sniffed at the odour of burnt meat, and suggested that the Hag was endeavouring to asphyxiate us.
My friend tied my shoes together and I fell when I tried to stand up.
My friend told me an interesting story.
My friend told me he bought a clock.
My friend told me he was going to a fancy dress party as an Italian island. I said to him 'Don't be Sicily'.
My friend told me that he had bought a new watch.
My friend told me that this coming Monday an exhibition about Spanish history is opening.
My friend told me to put her pleasure first.
My friend told me what she likes about American culture.
My friend took me to the north end of the island to meet the crazy goat lady.
My friend tried to rickroll me by sending me a suspicious video.
My friend uses sugar.
My friend usually helps my son with his studies.
My friend vanished into thin air.
My friend wants a car of his own.
My friend wants milk.
My friend wants sugar.
My friend wants to do business with South American firms.
My friend wants to dye her hair pink.
My friend wants to live in Azerbaijan.
My friend wants to major in American Sign Language.
My friend wants to move in with me.
My friend wants to talk to you.
My friend was French.
My friend was Polish.
My friend was Slovakian.
My friend was accepted into my family.
My friend was angry at the news.
My friend was arrested for speeding.
My friend was beside himself with anger.
My friend was getting married and asked me to be her maid of honor.
My friend was in excellent spirits over the success which had attended a succession of difficult and important cases.
My friend was luckier than me.
My friend was not at home yesterday.
My friend was on that plane.
My friend was shocked when I told her.
My friend was shot.
My friend was very angry when he saw the driver of the car in front of him throw a cigarette butt out the window.
My friend went back to Japan.
My friend went to Canada.
My friend went to Gothenburg.
My friend who lives in England will come to Brazil next week and will stay five months expecting to get a good job here.
My friend will be our guide.
My friend works at a supermarket.
My friend wrote me a letter in which he asks if I am well.
My friend wrote that he won't come.
My friend you met the other day isn't a Canadian.
My friend's apartment has a cozy reading nook.
My friend's birthday is June 8th.
My friend's car is English.
My friend's condition is very serious.
My friend's dad is a friend of my dad.
My friend's dad is friends with my dad.
My friend's dad is my dad's friend.
My friend's daughter has created a Facebook account.
My friend's dog understands Esperanto - at least, the most important orders.
My friend's dog understands Esperanto. At least the most important commands.
My friend's father is a doctor.
My friend's father is a famous novelist.
My friend's father is a friend of my father.
My friend's father is friends with my father.
My friend's friend is beautiful.
My friend's mom doesn't speak French, so my friend had to translate for us.
My friend's name is Lori.
My friend's name is Swati.
My friend, Alice, is an enby who feels neither like a male or female.
My friend, Tom, is a scholar and a fine gentleman.
My friend, if ever I return to my native land, I will never be such a crass and blithering idiot as to give way again to a spirit of adventure.
My friend, sleep is important.
My friend, this bill is wrong.
My friend, what's making you so sad today?
My friend, whose dream had always been to own a country home, has just bought a nice house in a small village.
My friend, why are you so serious? It's like I don't know you any more.
My friends Emily, Isabel and I went to the crappiest New Year's Eve party ever. There was not one decent bloke there – we were all on the pull, of course.
My friends all call me Tom.
My friends all told me what they would do.
My friends always say I'm too calm, but my family always says I'm too annoying.
My friends always say I'm too reserved, but my family always says I'm too boring.
My friends always say I'm too reserved, but my family always says I'm too much of a bore.
My friends always say I’m too calm, but my family always says I’m too annoying.
My friends always say that I'm too quiet, but my family says I'm too dull.
My friends and I are going out today.
My friends and I are hanging out tonight. Would you like to join us?
My friends and I are planning to go skiing next weekend.
My friends and I are planning to help Tom clean out his garage.
My friends and I are volunteering at the community center this weekend.
My friends and I did that yesterday.
My friends and I have made an agreement to not send presents on each of our birthdays, since it doesn’t seem like it’s worth the effort required.
My friends and I often go to the bar.
My friends and I seldom talk about politics.
My friends and I took a bus across Australia doing drag shows.
My friends and I used to hang out here.
My friends and I want to do that.
My friends and I want to throw you a goodbye party.
My friends and I want to work in South Korea.
My friends and I went partying yesterday.
My friends and I went to Paris.
My friends and I went to a party yesterday.
My friends and I'll join you.
My friends and family have also stayed healthy.
My friends are French.
My friends are all married.
My friends are all really nice.
My friends are amazing.
My friends are eating breakfast now.
My friends are here.
My friends are in danger.
My friends are in the front seats.
My friends are in the sitting room.
My friends are my estate. Forgive me then the avarice to hoard them.
My friends are my family.
My friends are nice.
My friends are slowly driving me insane.
My friends are studying French.
My friends are stupid.
My friends are the best you could have.
My friends are the best!
My friends are the best.
My friends are throwing me a party tomorrow.
My friends are very important to me.
My friends are very loyal.
My friends are waiting for me inside.
My friends are waiting for me outside.
My friends are waiting for me.
My friends are waiting in front of the library.
My friends are waiting in the hall, ready to leave.
My friends are waiting in the hallway ready for the journey.
My friends aren't young.
My friends aren’t young.
My friends arranged a wonderful birthday party for me.
My friends betrayed me.
My friends breathed in the acrid fumes of the fires below from burning tires and from buildings aflame, and they heard the crack of sniper bullets and saw protesters stumble and fall when struck almost eight years ago to the day.
My friends call me Beth.
My friends call me Ken.
My friends call me Mary.
My friends call me Tom.
My friends came to see me the day before yesterday.
My friends came to see me yesterday.
My friends came to stay with me the day before yesterday.
My friends celebrated my birthday.
My friends congratulated me on my success.
My friends couldn't go this weekend.
My friends did that without me.
My friends didn't do that.
My friends don't believe I was abducted by aliens.
My friends don't believe I'm a millionaire.
My friends don't believe I'm descended from Gengis Khan.
My friends don't believe me.
My friends don't know where I am.
My friends don't pay attention to me anymore.
My friends don't play tennis.
My friends don’t play tennis.
My friends dropped by to see me the day before yesterday.
My friends dropped by to see me the other day.
My friends encouraged me to learn German.
My friends encouraged me.
My friends gave me that still life as a present.
My friends gave us a whirlwind tour of Paris.
My friends generally call me Freddy.
My friends go to The New Pizzeria every Friday evening.
My friends got me to write my autobiography.
My friends hate her, but I love her.
My friends hate me for being a perfectionist.
My friends helped me harvest my corn.
My friends in the village have some beehives.
My friends inspired me to write my autobiography.
My friends invited me for dinner.
My friends invited me to dinner.
My friends invited me to supper.
My friends knew I was having money problems.
My friends know I have my own fashion sense.
My friends laugh at my fear of flying.
My friends laughed at me.
My friends like to cook.
My friends like to hike.
My friends like to jog.
My friends like to play basketball.
My friends like to play chess.
My friends like to play piano.
My friends like to swim.
My friends live in Kabylie, Algeria.
My friends live in the same house as me.
My friends love horror, but I just don’t get the appeal.
My friends often quarrel with their parents.
My friends opened my eyes on that.
My friends organised a wonderful birthday party for me.
My friends organized a wonderful birthday party for me.
My friends prefer to travel by car than by plane.
My friends pushed me to write a memoir.
My friends say I speak better French when I'm drunk.
My friends say I'm a prolific writer, but I haven't written anything for months.
My friends say I’m a prolific writer, but I haven’t written anything for months.
My friends scolded me for my stupid behavior.
My friends set off to America.
My friends set up a wonderful birthday party for me.
My friends sometimes talk about relationships.
My friends spoke of their parents differently.
My friends started the trip three days ago.
My friends stay at home alone.
My friends stood by me during the court case.
My friends stood by me during the process.
My friends suggested I dedicate the book to my parents.
My friends talked me out of it.
My friends think I am a lot of fun.
My friends think I'm a very lucky guy.
My friends think Pastafarianism is a joke.
My friends think that I'm a very lucky guy.
My friends treated me to a meal.
My friends tried to cheer me up.
My friends turned their backs on me.
My friends urged me to write my memoirs.
My friends usually agree.
My friends visited me the day before yesterday.
My friends visited me yesterday.
My friends want to do business with South American firms.
My friends wanted details.
My friends went to the cinema without me.
My friends went to the movies without me.
My friends were disgusted.
My friends were so boozed up that I had to drive them home.
My friends will be here at any moment.
My friends will defend me.
My friends will give me a party tomorrow.
My friends wished me happy birthday.
My friends won't talk to me anymore.
My friends won't talk to me.
My friends would like to meet you.
My friends, I have some news to give you.
My friends, this is my girlfriend, Kimberly.
My friendship with you is very important to me.
My friend’s father is a famous novelist.
My friend’s father is going to school today.
My frightening tale is based on facts.
My frivolity is the secret to my charm.
My front door was open, and I wondered why.
My front left tire is losing air.
My front teeth stick out.
My front tooth fell out.
My fuel line broke.
My full name is Maria Julia Tatoebova.
My full name is Pista Kis.
My full name is Ricardo Vernaut Junior.
My full name is Tom Jackson.
My full name is Tom Kun, Junior.
My fursona is a flying fox.
My futon was peeled away.
My futon's gone.
My future currently looks black.
My future depends on it.
My future is a hope of freedom.
My future is closely bound up with the finances of my firm.
My future is in your hands.
My future is like a star that shines so brightly.
My future is very bright.
My future mother-in-law makes wonderful blackberry pie.
My future remains uncertain.
My gait is unsteady from lack of sleep.
My gamble paid off.
My gamble seems to have paid off.
My game always crashes in the middle of the cinematic.
My garden is a mess.
My garden is filled with sweet-smelling blooms.
My garden is small but full of flowers.
My garden is small.
My garden is very colourful, because I planted a lot of flowers in it.
My gas bill for last month was very high.
My gas bill was really high last month.
My gas gauge is on empty.
My gay friend met his boyfriend at the beach.
My gaze exposed me.
My gaze locked on Tom's.
My gender identity is an integral part of who I am, regardless of societal expectations.
My gender is non-binary.
My general impression is that it is very good.
My generation is killing music as both an art and an occupation.
My generosity fueled your desires, not your love.
My geography teacher draws maps very well.
My gerbil has gone missing.
My gift is in the car. I'll get it now.
My gift is the best.
My girl friend ought to be here by this time.
My girl loved that sparrow more than her own eyes.
My girlfriend Aisha's uncle Haziq was a popinjay, always wearing brightly-colored suits with neon handkerchiefs falling out of his pockets.
My girlfriend Judy is in the Netherlands with her aunt Greta.
My girlfriend also loves to drink.
My girlfriend and I broke up three months ago.
My girlfriend and I think you're hot.
My girlfriend at that time was Mary.
My girlfriend back then was Mary.
My girlfriend broke up with me last night.
My girlfriend broke up with me.
My girlfriend commutes to work by train.
My girlfriend cried.
My girlfriend did most of the decorating.
My girlfriend doesn't know.
My girlfriend doesn't like flowers.
My girlfriend doesn't like it when I talk to other girls.
My girlfriend doesn't like scary movies.
My girlfriend doesn't want to watch black and white films.
My girlfriend dumped me last night.
My girlfriend dumped me.
My girlfriend feels bad.
My girlfriend gave it to me.
My girlfriend has 3 nipples.
My girlfriend has been calling.
My girlfriend has gone to Australia.
My girlfriend has gone to Canada.
My girlfriend hasn't met my parents yet.
My girlfriend helped me.
My girlfriend insulted me.
My girlfriend is Algerian.
My girlfriend is Australian.
My girlfriend is Belgian.
My girlfriend is Canadian.
My girlfriend is Chinese.
My girlfriend is Kabyle.
My girlfriend is a Canadian.
My girlfriend is a Satanist.
My girlfriend is a better cook than me.
My girlfriend is a dermatologist.
My girlfriend is a good dancer.
My girlfriend is a lot taller than I am.
My girlfriend is a lot taller than me.
My girlfriend is a teacher.
My girlfriend is an English teacher in South Korea.
My girlfriend is an actress.
My girlfriend is beautiful.
My girlfriend is coming over tomorrow.
My girlfriend is crazy about this name.
My girlfriend is crazy over Forever 21, but at least it's cheap.
My girlfriend is crying.
My girlfriend is doing a dab.
My girlfriend is extremely cute.
My girlfriend is five years younger than I am.
My girlfriend is five years younger than me.
My girlfriend is from Australia.
My girlfriend is from Boston.
My girlfriend is named Laurie.
My girlfriend is older than I am.
My girlfriend is older than me.
My girlfriend is packing the vaporizer.
My girlfriend is pregnant and she wants to keep the baby.
My girlfriend is quite a bit younger than I am.
My girlfriend is quite a bit younger than me.
My girlfriend is red-haired.
My girlfriend is tall and beautiful.
My girlfriend is three years older than I am.
My girlfriend is three years older than me.
My girlfriend is three years younger than I am.
My girlfriend is trans.
My girlfriend is very beautiful.
My girlfriend is very jealous.
My girlfriend is very possessive.
My girlfriend is walking her dog.
My girlfriend isn't much younger than I am.
My girlfriend isn't much younger than me.
My girlfriend just dumped me.
My girlfriend knitted a sweater for me.
My girlfriend knitted me a sweater.
My girlfriend left me.
My girlfriend lied to me.
My girlfriend lives in New York.
My girlfriend lives in a country, where she suffers from hunger and cold.
My girlfriend lives in the neighboring village.
My girlfriend lives in the neighbouring village.
My girlfriend lives near the post office.
My girlfriend loves rings.
My girlfriend mentioned buying a new watch.
My girlfriend missed the last train to the world's end, and that's quite a problem.
My girlfriend missed the last train to the world’s end, and that’s quite a problem.
My girlfriend often cuts my hair.
My girlfriend often says "Whoever eats enough, has already eaten too much."
My girlfriend passed away a few months ago.
My girlfriend said that she'd kill me if I got drunk.
My girlfriend said that she’d kill me if I got drunk.
My girlfriend sometimes flirts with other boys.
My girlfriend spent last night at my house.
My girlfriend still doesn't know my parents.
My girlfriend suffers from acid reflux.
My girlfriend suffers from osteoporosis.
My girlfriend thinks I'm overprotective and clingy.
My girlfriend was French.
My girlfriend was crying.
My girlfriend was not amused by this conversation.
My girlfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
My girlfriend would like to become a vet.
My girlfriend's birthday is tomorrow, and I really want to get her a valuable gift.
My girlfriend's boyfriend started a new game of Diablo.
My girlfriend's daughters have joined Facebook.
My girlfriend's name is Lenka.
My girlfriend's name is Mary.
My girlfriend's nonchalant blandishments slowly convinced me to start lifting weights and jogging.
My girlfriend's terse responses began to adumbrate her desire to leave me and move back to Odessa.
My girlfriend, the lover of cats, wants to have a cat.
My girlfriend’s daughters have joined Facebook.
My glass broke when I dropped it.
My glass is completely empty.
My glass is dirty.
My glass is empty.
My glass is full.
My glass was dirty.
My glass was empty.
My glass was much fuller a minute ago.
My glasses are all smudged up.
My glasses are broken.
My glasses are dirty.
My glasses are fogged up.
My glasses are fogging up.
My glasses are missing.
My glasses are on my nightstand.
My glasses are on the nightstand.
My glasses broke.
My glasses get steamed up whenever I eat ramen.
My glasses got broken.
My glasses have gotten scratched.
My glasses keep slipping down my nose.
My glasses started to slip down my nose.
My glittering dress is going to mesmerise the crowd, just you watch!
My gloves are newer than yours.
My gloves are size medium.
My gloves are wet.
My gloves got wet.
My glucose levels went down.
My glucose levels went up.
My glucose was low and I felt punch drunk.
My goal as a language teacher isn't to get my students to only say grammatically perfect phrases. It's to help them build the confidence to express themselves in another language, however that may be.
My goal in life is to be Prime Minister.
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
My goal in life is to make people think. If I do that, I've been a success.
My goal is not to convince, but to inform.
My goal is to advance personally and intellectually every day.
My goal is to appear on this album one day.
My goal is to assemble a team.
My goal is to be a polyglot.
My goal is to be happy.
My goal is to become a doctor.
My goal is to become a famous singer.
My goal is to become a mathematician.
My goal is to become a millionaire.
My goal is to become a physicist.
My goal is to become a polyglot.
My goal is to become happy.
My goal is to break my own record.
My goal is to contribute significantly.
My goal is to create a life filled with fulfillment.
My goal is to do something remarkable.
My goal is to get my autobiography published.
My goal is to get this album one day.
My goal is to get this done by October.
My goal is to help him navigate this stage of life.
My goal is to help you empower yourself.
My goal is to just keep on improving.
My goal is to learn Berber.
My goal is to learn English and French.
My goal is to learn Esperanto.
My goal is to learn French.
My goal is to learn your language.
My goal is to look hot enough to not have to pay for any drinks all night!
My goal is to maintain trust and openness between us.
My goal is to make people know art.
My goal is to make the team.
My goal is to own a home before I'm thirty.
My goal is to prove myself.
My goal is to publish my autobiography.
My goal is to speak French fluently.
My goal is to study philosophy.
My goal is to visit all the bagel places in Boston.
My goal is to visit every national park in the USA.
My goal is to write a novel in Berber.
My goal is to write a villanelle and unclog my right ear.
My goal was not really to learn Russian, but only to be with her in the same course.
My goals are lofty.
My goals are modest.
My goats are more healthful than this man's oxen will ever be.
My god exists.
My god is greater!
My god is the greatest!
My god isn't found in any book.
My goddess!
My godfather gave me a watch as a gift.
My godfather gave me that red shirt.
My godparents abandoned our family a long time ago.
My goldfish died.
My goldfish looks sick. I wonder what's wrong with it.
My good books barely sold anything, while the trash I wrote made me rich.
My good friend lives in Chile.
My good friend, Tom, convinced me to go to Australia.
My good friend, Tom, convinced me to go to Boston.
My good friends, Tom and Mary, convinced me to go to Boston.
My goodness! I have lost the car keys.
My goodness, how embarrassing.
My goodness, so many things happened while we were gone.
My goodness, that is some tasty hummus!
My goodness, what's going on here?
My government continues to treat dissent as defection.
My grade is above the average.
My grades are above average.
My grades at school have gone up.
My grades didn't come up to my father's expectations.
My grades didn’t come up to my father’s expectations.
My grades fell greatly.
My grades had dived to the bottom of the class.
My grades have improved significantly.
My grades have improved since first semester.
My grades haven't improved much.
My grades haven't improved.
My grades in school were average.
My grades this year aren't as good as last year.
My grades were bad this year.
My grades were inferior to hers.
My grammar is dead.
My grammar is flawless, making my writing clear.
My grammar is poor.
My grammar isn't the best, but I can express myself well enough.
My grammar may not be perfect, but people seem to understand what I'm trying to say.
My grammar sucks.
My gran didn't recognise me any more. She thought I was a nurse.
My gran is eighty years old.
My grand parents planned a boat trip with us.
My grandad bought himself a decent bike, but didn't get round to using it.
My grandad bought himself a good bicycle, but didn't get to use it.
My grandad dies in the same room he was born in.
My grandad doesn't drive any more.
My grandad doesn't have a driving licence any more.
My grandad grew up at a time when wearing a hat was the done thing.
My grandad has a dog.
My grandad has very painful knees, but he's still really sprightly.
My grandad hasn't got a driving licence any more.
My grandad is 90 years old.
My grandad is a lively and good-humoured man.
My grandad likes going for a walk early in the morning.
My grandad likes to go hillwalking.
My grandad likes to go rambling.
My grandad no longer has a driving licence.
My grandad's got a dog.
My grandchild has brought you these sweets.
My grandchild is eight years old.
My grandchild is eight.
My grandchildren attend this school.
My grandchildren give me such a delight.
My grandchildren live in Australia.
My granddaughter came to see me yesterday afternoon.
My granddaughter has a lot of skill at taking pictures.
My granddaughter has been calling.
My granddaughter is coming over tomorrow.
My granddaughter is eight.
My granddaughter is listening to my wife.
My granddaughter is skilled at photography.
My granddaughter is still a baby.
My granddaughter just had a baby, so now I'm a great-grandfather.
My granddaughter just had a baby.
My granddaughter passed away a few months ago.
My granddaughter talks about you all the time.
My granddaughter's behaviour has caused a rift in our family.
My grandfather always needs a cane.
My grandfather always sits in this chair.
My grandfather amassed a great fortune in the stock market and then lost it all over night.
My grandfather arrived unexpectedly from Boston.
My grandfather believes he would be killed by a thunderbolt if he committed adultery.
My grandfather bought himself a good bicycle, but didn't get to take it on its maiden voyage.
My grandfather bought himself a good bicycle, but wasn't able to use it for the first time.
My grandfather bought it for me.
My grandfather breathed his last on that night.
My grandfather built this house.
My grandfather came over from Kyushu to Hokkaido.
My grandfather can't hear very well.
My grandfather can't walk without a cane.
My grandfather can't walk without a walking stick.
My grandfather can't walk without his cane.
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick.
My grandfather cannot walk without a walking stick.
My grandfather collects books.
My grandfather comes from Algeria.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
My grandfather completed the woodwork and my grandmother finished the piece with paint.
My grandfather considered his uncle his father.
My grandfather could see ghosts.
My grandfather could sing quite well when he was young.
My grandfather did not live to see our business gain a market share.
My grandfather died before my grandmother.
My grandfather died five years ago.
My grandfather died in Korea.
My grandfather died in the Second World War.
My grandfather died in the same room in which he was born.
My grandfather died of a disease at eighty.
My grandfather died shortly after I was born.
My grandfather died shortly after my birth.
My grandfather died soon after I was born.
My grandfather died three years ago.
My grandfather died when I was a boy.
My grandfather died when I was boy.
My grandfather died when I was young.
My grandfather does moderate exercise every morning, which is why he is strong and healthy.
My grandfather does not travel by car anymore.
My grandfather doesn't drive anymore.
My grandfather doesn't have a driver's license anymore.
My grandfather doesn't know how to take money out of an ATM.
My grandfather drinks only rakia and wine.
My grandfather fell asleep sitting on the couch.
My grandfather felt no major attachment to his parents, who died when he was young.
My grandfather founded and my parents developed this company.
My grandfather founded this newspaper.
My grandfather gave his old car to me.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
My grandfather gave me a car for my twentieth birthday.
My grandfather gave me his old car.
My grandfather gets up early.
My grandfather goes for a walk every day.
My grandfather goes for a walk every morning.
My grandfather goes for a walk on fine days.
My grandfather goes for walks on days when the weather is good.
My grandfather goes to mass every Sunday.
My grandfather got seriously injured by a bomber during the war.
My grandfather had a big nose.
My grandfather had a braille book about Esperanto and Ido.
My grandfather had been dead for a long time when I was born.
My grandfather had completed the wood work and my grandmother finished the piece with paint.
My grandfather has a dog.
My grandfather has a good memory.
My grandfather has a piece of shrapnel in his chest.
My grandfather has an antique television that he wants to give me.
My grandfather has been calling.
My grandfather has gray hair.
My grandfather has grey hair.
My grandfather has lived in Kyoto for over 50 years, so he knows his way about.
My grandfather has made me what I am.
My grandfather has never consulted a doctor in his life.
My grandfather has no idea what the Berber language means.
My grandfather has retired because he's grown old.
My grandfather has snowy white hair.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
My grandfather hopes that I will enter college.
My grandfather is 90 years old and is still very active.
My grandfather is 90 years old and very healthy.
My grandfather is 90 years old and very lively.
My grandfather is 90 years old.
My grandfather is a Bedouin sheikh, chief of one of the most powerful tribes of the desert.
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.
My grandfather is a carpenter.
My grandfather is a tireless worker.
My grandfather is a very healthy man.
My grandfather is afraid of dogs.
My grandfather is an indefatigable worker.
My grandfather is coming over tomorrow.
My grandfather is five times as old as I am.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
My grandfather is from Osaka.
My grandfather is fully content when he is sitting on the garden bench with a cigar.
My grandfather is getting pretty old.
My grandfather is ill.
My grandfather is in his nineties.
My grandfather is living on a pension.
My grandfather is ninety-nine years old.
My grandfather is old.
My grandfather is over eighty years old, but he is a good walker.
My grandfather is planning to retire the year after next.
My grandfather is sick.
My grandfather is sick. He needs a lot of rest.
My grandfather is so fond of reading that not a day passes in which he doesn't open a book.
My grandfather is so fond of reading that not a day passes in which he doesn’t open a book.
My grandfather is still active at eighty.
My grandfather is still sound in mind and body.
My grandfather is still strongly anchored in my heart.
My grandfather is very fond of reading.
My grandfather is very hard to please.
My grandfather is very healthy.
My grandfather keeps early hours.
My grandfather learned five languages as a child.
My grandfather led a moral life.
My grandfather left me this farm.
My grandfather likes going for a walk early in the morning.
My grandfather likes going for walks.
My grandfather likes looking at colorful carp in the pond on a fine day.
My grandfather likes reading books.
My grandfather likes to be reminded of the time when he was young.
My grandfather likes to walk.
My grandfather lived a long life.
My grandfather lived till he was eighty-nine.
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.
My grandfather lived to be ninety-nine years old.
My grandfather lived to be ninety.
My grandfather loved reading.
My grandfather loves listening to his old records on his record player.
My grandfather loves to fish.
My grandfather loves to read.
My grandfather loves to reminisce about his youth.
My grandfather made it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
My grandfather made me read this book.
My grandfather made the company what it is today.
My grandfather needs a walking stick at all times.
My grandfather never dyed his hair.
My grandfather no longer drives.
My grandfather no longer has a driver's license.
My grandfather nodded and smiled at me.
My grandfather often doesn't remember what happened yesterday but can describe in detail what happened forty years ago.
My grandfather often doesn’t remember what happened yesterday but can describe in detail what happened forty years ago.
My grandfather often nods over his newspaper.
My grandfather on my dad's side gave his life for his wife, children, and grandchildren.
My grandfather on my father's side is celebrating his 88th birthday tomorrow.
My grandfather on my mother's side is celebrating his 60th birthday tomorrow.
My grandfather on my mother's side passed away ten years ago.
My grandfather owned a car just like this.
My grandfather owns a workshop.
My grandfather paid my way to Australia.
My grandfather passed away a few months ago.
My grandfather passed away three years ago.
My grandfather planted this tree.
My grandfather played the koto.
My grandfather predeceased my great-grandfather.
My grandfather put some dipping tobacco under his tongue.
My grandfather raises ducks.
My grandfather rarely talked about the war.
My grandfather re-upped in 1938.
My grandfather reported it.
My grandfather retired early.
My grandfather says all politicians are corrupt.
My grandfather says he's too old to swim.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he is alone.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.
My grandfather speaks very slowly.
My grandfather still endeavors to absorb new ideas.
My grandfather still uses a camera that uses film.
My grandfather succumbed to a terminal cancer this year.
My grandfather suffers from hypertension.
My grandfather suffers from osteoporosis.
My grandfather takes a walk every morning.
My grandfather takes medicine every day.
My grandfather talks about you all the time.
My grandfather taught me the good habit of squirreling away money for a rainy day.
My grandfather tells hundreds of anecdotes.
My grandfather tells us about old things.
My grandfather turned 89 years old.
My grandfather used to be a chef.
My grandfather used to drink beer on the weekends.
My grandfather used to love reading.
My grandfather used to make furniture for himself.
My grandfather used to make his own furniture.
My grandfather used to say that.
My grandfather used to work for his grandfather.
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life.
My grandfather was a coal miner.
My grandfather was a communist.
My grandfather was a doctor.
My grandfather was a farmer.
My grandfather was a fervent atheist.
My grandfather was a gold miner.
My grandfather was a hero.
My grandfather was a hillbilly from Virginia.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace.
My grandfather was a miller.
My grandfather was a miner.
My grandfather was a pharmacist.
My grandfather was a pirate, a treasure hunter.
My grandfather was a policeman.
My grandfather was a researcher.
My grandfather was a soldier during the war.
My grandfather was a soldier in the war.
My grandfather was always grumbling about something or other.
My grandfather was an archaeologist.
My grandfather was an ardent atheist.
My grandfather was born in 1920.
My grandfather was born in Kabylie, Algeria.
My grandfather was buried in a cemetery outside the city.
My grandfather was given a gold watch when he retired.
My grandfather was killed in World War II.
My grandfather was murdered during the Second World War.
My grandfather was part Indian.
My grandfather was pretty tall.
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just wasn't cut out to be a businessman.
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just wasn’t cut out to be a businessman.
My grandfather was superstitious.
My grandfather was wounded in the war.
My grandfather went to seek silver, but the silver became Indians. My grandfather went to seek Indians, but the Indians became gold. My grandfather went to seek gold, but the gold became earth. My grandfather went to seek land, but the land became a frontier. My grandfather, still intrigued, went to shape the frontier; and Brazil took the form of a harp.
My grandfather went to the hospital to seek help for his stomach pain.
My grandfather will be seventy this year.
My grandfather will have read the Bible ten times if he reads it again.
My grandfather will turn seventy this year.
My grandfather worked for many years in a mine.
My grandfather would often read and study at this desk.
My grandfather would've been ninety-nine this year.
My grandfather's ghost stories never fail to make my hair stand.
My grandfather's hair is white as snow.
My grandfather's house is surrounded by mountains.
My grandfather's house was on that street.
My grandfather's house was on this street.
My grandfather's jazz band has sold a lot of records.
My grandfather's life was long and happy.
My grandfather's painting is on the wall.
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.
My grandfather's picture is on the wall.
My grandfather's sister has grandsons, while his brother has granddaughters.
My grandfather's toenails are stiff.
My grandfather, being hard of hearing, often makes an irrelevant answer.
My grandfather, who collected baseball cards as a kid, used to compare batting averages between players. He started a lot of arguments with his friends that way.
My grandfather, who has an old-fashioned attitude, complains about how girls dress nowadays.
My grandfather, wrapped in his burnous, was warming himself by the fire.
My grandfathers and my grandmothers are dead.
My grandfather’s life was long and happy.
My grandfather’s picture is on the wall.
My grandkids live in Australia.
My grandkids live in Boston.
My grandma always wakes up early in the morning.
My grandma and her friends kibitz for hours.
My grandma and my mom used to say this all the time.
My grandma bent over to pick up a needle and thread.
My grandma cooked a tray of Butterkuchen yesterday.
My grandma doesn't have internet.
My grandma doesn't have the internet.
My grandma doesn't know who Jack Sparrow is.
My grandma gave me more than I wanted.
My grandma gave me this necklace.
My grandma gets up early.
My grandma had a friend that made quilts.
My grandma has a twin.
My grandma has a wall of precariously crockery. Their demise is inevitable.
My grandma has gotten very old.
My grandma has told me about her whole life.
My grandma injured her leg in a fall.
My grandma is 75 years old.
My grandma is 93 years old. She first got familiar with Facebook about two years back, and about a year ago she got her first smartphone.
My grandma is a very independent person.
My grandma is eating an orange.
My grandma is eighty years old.
My grandma is three years younger than David Attenborough.
My grandma just drank a bit of soup.
My grandma keeps all her cash in a cookie tin.
My grandma knows all the roads in the village.
My grandma lived here for a few years as a child and she still talks about it a lot.
My grandma lived here for a few years as a child.
My grandma loved gin and limes, that's why the gimlet was her drink of choice.
My grandma loved me a lot.
My grandma made oatmeal atole.
My grandma made us some meat and potato stew.
My grandma made us some oatmeal atole.
My grandma needs an umbrella because it's raining.
My grandma prepared us a wonderful snail stew.
My grandma speaks Arabic.
My grandma still calls me "Little Hide."
My grandma stooped down and picked up a needle and thread.
My grandma texts faster than you.
My grandma turned one hundred.
My grandma was a miller.
My grandma was a wise woman.
My grandma worked through World War II.
My grandma's favourite pudding is tiramisu.
My grandma's handmade lunch box is keeping me going.
My grandma's hearing is better than ever before.
My grandma's skin seemed like paper.
My grandma's snail stew was really tasty!
My grandmother Helen loved to crochet and knit, but she had to quit when her vision worsened.
My grandmother always said it was a sin to waste food.
My grandmother always said that homemade gifts were the best.
My grandmother always said, "Don’t breathe and drink at the same time."
My grandmother always says that it's a question of taste.
My grandmother attributes her good health to active living.
My grandmother baked cookies every Sunday.
My grandmother became sick last week.
My grandmother believes that staying active keeps her healthy.
My grandmother belongs to another generation.
My grandmother came from the village.
My grandmother can cook very well.
My grandmother can fly.
My grandmother can only eat soft food.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle, and what's more, a bicycle.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle, and what’s more, a bicycle.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle.
My grandmother can't hear anything at all.
My grandmother can't see very well.
My grandmother cannot see.
My grandmother can’t see very well.
My grandmother cooked a big turkey.
My grandmother cooked for five.
My grandmother died.
My grandmother does not understand how to upload images.
My grandmother doesn't drink water.
My grandmother doesn't know the Berber language.
My grandmother doesn't understand how to upload images.
My grandmother fell and broke her hip.
My grandmother forgot to take her pills.
My grandmother gave me more than I wanted.
My grandmother gave me these pendants.
My grandmother gets up early every morning.
My grandmother gets up early.
My grandmother goes for a walk in the evening.
My grandmother got sick the other week.
My grandmother grew up on a farm.
My grandmother had a delicious recipe for cod.
My grandmother had a green prayer rug.
My grandmother had a stroke.
My grandmother had an operation in Germany.
My grandmother had been sick for a week when I visited her.
My grandmother had cataracts surgery and now can see clearly again.
My grandmother has a cat.
My grandmother has a flower vase in her living room.
My grandmother has a green thumb.
My grandmother has a lot of vegetation that grows spontaneously.
My grandmother has a love-hate relationship with computers.
My grandmother has a twin brother.
My grandmother has an iron frying-pan.
My grandmother has become old.
My grandmother has become very old.
My grandmother has been calling.
My grandmother has been having leg pain lately.
My grandmother has dentures.
My grandmother has false teeth.
My grandmother has got old.
My grandmother has got very old.
My grandmother has gotten old.
My grandmother has gotten very old.
My grandmother has gray hair.
My grandmother has green fingers.
My grandmother has grey hair.
My grandmother has grown old.
My grandmother has knitted a green jacket for her granddaughter.
My grandmother has many sisters.
My grandmother has white hair.
My grandmother is a beautiful woman.
My grandmother is a vegetarian.
My grandmother is able to fly.
My grandmother is addicted to her cell phone.
My grandmother is afraid of falling.
My grandmother is afraid to fall.
My grandmother is alone.
My grandmother is already more than ninety years old.
My grandmother is always complaining of the cold.
My grandmother is becoming deaf.
My grandmother is becoming increasingly forgetful.
My grandmother is coming over tomorrow.
My grandmother is convalescing in a nursing home.
My grandmother is getting married again.
My grandmother is hard of hearing. In other words she is slightly deaf.
My grandmother is in sound health and lives alone.
My grandmother is knitting me a new jumper.
My grandmother is losing her memory.
My grandmother is ninety-one years old.
My grandmother is not dead.
My grandmother is old but healthy.
My grandmother is respectful, she gets along with everyone.
My grandmother is sick.
My grandmother is still very active at eighty-five.
My grandmother is still vigorous at 82 years old.
My grandmother is the oldest in this town.
My grandmother is too frail now to get in and out of bed by herself.
My grandmother is very forgetful of things nowadays.
My grandmother is very old.
My grandmother is wise and is seldom wrong.
My grandmother is working in the garden.
My grandmother knit me this sweater.
My grandmother knit that by hand.
My grandmother knit this sweater for me.
My grandmother knitted that by hand.
My grandmother knitted this by hand.
My grandmother left us a great fortune.
My grandmother left us a roof.
My grandmother likes doing cross-stitch.
My grandmother likes the tea ceremony a lot.
My grandmother likes to sew.
My grandmother likes to weave things.
My grandmother likes traveling by train.
My grandmother links her health to her commitment to an active life.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-five years old.
My grandmother lived with us.
My grandmother lives alone in a huge, old house.
My grandmother lives by herself.
My grandmother lives in Boston.
My grandmother lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
My grandmother lives in a nursing home. It costs a lot of money, but it's a relief knowing that they're taking good care of her there.
My grandmother lives in the country.
My grandmother lives in the countryside.
My grandmother lives outside in the forest, one hour from the village.
My grandmother looks after the children during the daytime.
My grandmother lost her memory.
My grandmother loved football and baseball.
My grandmother loves to sing shlokas.
My grandmother loves watching TV.
My grandmother made a new dress for me.
My grandmother made delicious homemade fudge.
My grandmother made me a new dress.
My grandmother made us some meat and potato stew.
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.
My grandmother met my grandfather in a café.
My grandmother moved the cat from its place.
My grandmother never changed her style of living.
My grandmother on my father's side has turned one hundred.
My grandmother on my father's side lives in Boston.
My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Australia.
My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Boston.
My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Osaka.
My grandmother on my mother's side turned 100.
My grandmother owns many scarves.
My grandmother paid my way to Boston.
My grandmother passed away a few months ago.
My grandmother passed away at the age of 86.
My grandmother passed away exactly 13 months before I was born.
My grandmother passed away last year.
My grandmother passed away peacefully last night.
My grandmother passed away.
My grandmother planted these trees herself.
My grandmother posted the letter this morning.
My grandmother pulled out a handful of green beans, poured them into an ancient pan, toasted them patiently, ground them in a wooden hand mill with a copper handle, carefully squeezed the result into an old-fashioned Hungarian espresso maker, put it on a tray, and two hours later, it was coffee.
My grandmother raised a family of ten.
My grandmother raised me.
My grandmother ran off with a cowboy.
My grandmother really likes watching TV a lot.
My grandmother said "After rain comes sunshine." She was always optimistic.
My grandmother says that her health comes from being active.
My grandmother speaks slowly.
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.
My grandmother talks about you all the time.
My grandmother texts faster than you.
My grandmother thinks her health is due to her active lifestyle.
My grandmother thinks it's unseemly for me to be dating my history professor.
My grandmother thinks that I am religious.
My grandmother told me about her whole life.
My grandmother told me so.
My grandmother told me the story of Cinderella.
My grandmother underwent surgery in Germany.
My grandmother used to be a beautiful woman.
My grandmother used to go out for a walk almost every day, but now she seldom, if ever, goes out.
My grandmother used to make lecsó with hotdogs.
My grandmother used to put pansies on the top of salads as a decoration, because they're typically edible.
My grandmother used to say that she would live to be a hundred, but she died at the age of 85.
My grandmother used to say that.
My grandmother used to tell me pleasant fairy tales.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot in the past.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot up until about three years ago.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot when she was younger.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine too much.
My grandmother used to wear this type of dress.
My grandmother walks faster than me, and plays tennis better than I do.
My grandmother walks more than me, and plays tennis better than I do.
My grandmother was a devout person.
My grandmother was a devout woman.
My grandmother was a farmer.
My grandmother was a nurse.
My grandmother was a peasant.
My grandmother was a very beautiful woman.
My grandmother was bilked out of her life savings.
My grandmother was devout.
My grandmother was gradually becoming forgetful and frail.
My grandmother was named after my great-great-grandmother.
My grandmother was nearly sixty when she entered menopause.
My grandmother was pulling up weeds in her back garden.
My grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard.
My grandmother was sent to a hospital in Germany.
My grandmother was taken ill last week.
My grandmother was the one who gave me this ring.
My grandmother washes her clothes by hand.
My grandmother wears a dress to rags.
My grandmother wears a shawl.
My grandmother went peacefully in the night.
My grandmother works in the garden.
My grandmother's cane is made of pinewood.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
My grandmother's family came from Újpest.
My grandmother's hair is white.
My grandmother's life was difficult.
My grandmother's mother is my "great grandmother," so my great grandmother's mother is my "great great grandmother"? Is that right?
My grandmother's nurse is very kind.
My grandmother's old watch has been lying in the drawer for years.
My grandmother's paella is delicious.
My grandmother's shoes are old.
My grandmother's visits are always special.
My grandmother, before she passed away, always asked for figs from the grocery store.
My grandmother’s death was a big shock.
My grandmother’s nurse is very kind.
My grandmother’s old watch has been lying in the drawer for years.
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
My grandpa blew out all 97 candles on his birthday cake.
My grandpa bought it for me!
My grandpa describes a Karen as a boor.
My grandpa drinks coffee with a group of old guys every morning.
My grandpa gets sicker by the day.
My grandpa got married five times, but he also got divorced five times.
My grandpa has a good memory.
My grandpa has become really senile these days.
My grandpa is a lively and good-humoured man.
My grandpa is dead.
My grandpa is eating an orange.
My grandpa is good at shogi. His level is fourth dan, amateur.
My grandpa is out of step with the younger generation.
My grandpa is sick.
My grandpa is still resting, exhausted from climbing that mountain.
My grandpa is under the delusion that we're still at war.
My grandpa lived to eighty-nine.
My grandpa lived to the ripe old age of 97.
My grandpa sat in captivity for a long time.
My grandpa smoked a cigar.
My grandpa used to work at a slaughterhouse.
My grandpa was French so I support France.
My grandpa was French.
My grandpa was a chef a long time ago.
My grandpa was a whaler.
My grandpa was an archeologist.
My grandpa was an avid collector of stamps.
My grandpa was born on Christmas Day.
My grandparents are dead.
My grandparents are devout Catholics.
My grandparents are from Lisbon, but my parents are from Rio de Janeiro.
My grandparents are retired.
My grandparents are the only people I speak French with.
My grandparents called you, they want their Peugeot 107 back.
My grandparents didn't have indoor plumbing.
My grandparents died before I was born.
My grandparents enjoy playing croquet.
My grandparents had a house in Boston.
My grandparents have smallpox vaccination scars on their arms.
My grandparents live in Australia.
My grandparents live in Boston.
My grandparents live in another town about thirty miles away.
My grandparents live in another town fifty kilometres away.
My grandparents live in the countryside.
My grandparents live in the white house.
My grandparents never liked coffee with milk.
My grandparents own an antique shop.
My grandparents owned a grocery store.
My grandparents were German, and the language has been passed down to me and my brother.
My grandparents were Jews whose families came to America from Hungary and Russia.
My grandparents were already dead when I was born.
My grandparents were born in Palestine and are buried in Nablus.
My grandparents were born in the last century.
My grandparents were children during the global economic recession.
My grandparents were in good health the last time I saw them.
My grandparents will be here for Christmas.
My grandparents' house doesn't have running water.
My grandson ate a piece of bread, leaving the crust.
My grandson called to invite me over.
My grandson cries very loud.
My grandson has a kitten. The kitten has white and black fur and greenish eyes. My grandson loves playing with it. He named it Vivi. Vivi is beautiful. It is our pet.
My grandson has a little cat. It has black and white fur and greenish eyes. My grandson loves to play with it. He named it Vivi. Vivi is pretty. It's our pet.
My grandson has a white kitten.
My grandson has been calling.
My grandson is coming over tomorrow.
My grandson is eight.
My grandson is nine years old.
My grandson is seven years old. I love him very much.
My grandson is still a baby.
My grandson is still a child.
My grandson is the son of my son.
My grandson loves playing video games.
My grandson loves the story of Snow White.
My grandson needs eyeglasses.
My grandson passed away a few months ago.
My grandson talks about you all the time.
My grandson visited me this morning.
My grandson wants to be a doctor.
My grandson's birthday is August 14th.
My grandson's toys are spread all around the house.
My grandson's wife is Russian.
My grannie was crazy good at making meatballs.
My granny is eighty years old.
My granny spoke longingly of the halcyon days of her childhood.
My grasp of the language is uneven.
My great aunt was a staunch teetotaler.
My great aunt was a staunch teetotaller.
My great grandfather is over 100 years old.
My great-aunt volunteered as a Hungarian and Yiddish interpreter.
My great-grandchild is eight years old.
My great-grandchild speaks Portuguese and Russian and is learning English.
My great-grandchildren are bilingual.
My great-granddaughter is eight years old.
My great-grandfather began to work in a Welsh colliery when he was only twelve years old.
My great-grandfather didn't believe in cars. To the end, he traveled with a horse-drawn cart.
My great-grandfather had a family in Germany.
My great-grandfather is still alive.
My great-grandfather owned an estate.
My great-grandfather was a Canadian.
My great-grandfather was a Don Cossack.
My great-grandfather was a blacksmith.
My great-grandfather was a gang leader.
My great-grandfather was a teacher, too.
My great-grandfather was caught making moonshine.
My great-grandfather was from Galicia in Eastern Europe.
My great-grandfather was from Galicia.
My great-grandfather was from Spanish Galicia.
My great-grandfather was from the Eastern European Galicia.
My great-grandfather was the leader of a gang.
My great-grandmother always says: "It's better to look after your own children than to watch other people's at the daycare."
My great-grandmother is ethnically Berber.
My great-grandmother was a dressmaker.
My great-grandmother was born in the nineteenth century.
My great-grandmother was born last century.
My great-grandparents spoke French.
My great-grandson doesn't eat eggs.
My great-grandson has an egg allergy.
My great-grandson is eight years old.
My great-grandson's father is the only child of one of my children.
My great-grandson's mother is Russian.
My great-granduncle's doctor advised him to adopt a low sodium diet.
My great-great-grandfather was a huckster.
My great-great-grandfather was a peddler.
My great-great-great grandfather lived among Indians for twenty years.
My great-great-great-grandfather was a pirate.
My great-great-great-great-great-grandfather was a bricklayer and died in seventeen seventy-four, at the age of forty.
My great-uncle speaks Frisian.
My great-uncle was a humourless man.
My greatest ambition is to be an opera singer.
My greatest desire has come true.
My greatest desire was to meet my biological father.
My greatest fault is sometimes believing that I don't have any.
My greatest fear is drowning.
My greatest fear is to disappoint my family.
My greatest need is a good night's sleep.
My green jacket has disappeared.
My green jacket's gone walkies.
My gremlin of a sister took my console while I was away and softlocked the save file I had spent dozens of hours on.
My group is always lively.
My grown-up son is studying abroad now.
My guess is Tom bought more than three.
My guess is Tom isn't going to want to do that.
My guess is Tom won't do that.
My guess is that Mary won't do what you asked her to do.
My guess is that Tom and Mary are looking for you.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want that.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to do that.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to go with us.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to sing.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't having much fun.
My guess is that Tom and Mary like what you did.
My guess is that Tom and Mary won't do what you asked them to do.
My guess is that Tom doesn't have so many friends.
My guess is that Tom is looking for you.
My guess is that Tom isn't going to want that.
My guess is that Tom isn't going to want to do that.
My guess is that Tom isn't going to want to go with us.
My guess is that Tom isn't going to want to sing.
My guess is that Tom isn't having much fun.
My guess is that Tom likes what you did.
My guess is that Tom will cry.
My guess is that Tom will do that today.
My guess is that Tom will do that.
My guess is that Tom will have to do that.
My guess is that Tom will need to do that.
My guess is that Tom will want to do that.
My guess is that Tom will win.
My guess is that Tom won't do that.
My guess is that Tom won't do what you asked him to do.
My guess is that Tom won't have to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't need to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't want that.
My guess is that Tom won't want to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't want to go with us.
My guess is that Tom won't want to sing.
My guess is that Tom won't win.
My guess is that aliens were behind it.
My guess is that he'll win the court case.
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.
My guess is that it will rain soon.
My guess is that it won't happen.
My guess is that it'll rain soon.
My guess is that it'll rain.
My guess is that that's not going to happen.
My guess is that there will be a resignation of the cabinet.
My guess was right.
My guests have only been here since yesterday, but they've already eaten me out of house and home.
My guests have only been here since yesterday, but they’ve already eaten me out of house and home.
My guilt eats away at me every day.
My guilt leaves no room for doubt.
My guinea pig doesn't like people.
My guinea pig is named Gwendolyn.
My guinea pig was my first girlfriend.
My guitar didn't cost very much.
My guitar is a lot better than yours.
My guitar is in the boot of my car.
My guitar is in the trunk of Tom's car.
My guitar will never betray me.
My gums are bleeding.
My gums are red.
My gums are swollen.
My gums bleed whenever I floss my teeth.
My gums bleed.
My gums won't stop bleeding.
My gun is cocked and ready to fire.
My gun jammed.
My gun misfired.
My gun's missing.
My gut feeling is that Tom won't show up tomorrow.
My gut feeling is that Tom won’t show up tomorrow.
My gut is finally rebelling.
My gut started telling me to get out of there.
My gut tells me that Tom is lying.
My gut tells me there's something wrong.
My gut tells me to do it, but my reason tells me not to.
My gut warned me, yet I brushed it aside.
My gut-feeling is that Tom isn't responsible for this mess.
My gut-feeling is that Tom isn't the one responsible for this mess.
My guys can be trusted.
My gym teacher hated me.
My hair curls easily.
My hair fell out when I heard the news.
My hair flows like golden silk in the wind.
My hair gets all frizzly on rainy days, so I dislike them.
My hair got kinky.
My hair grows too slowly.
My hair has grown out.
My hair has grown too long.
My hair has grown.
My hair has split ends.
My hair is a mess because the wind is very strong.
My hair is a mess.
My hair is already very long.
My hair is as long as Jane's.
My hair is as long as Jane’s.
My hair is as long as Tom's.
My hair is blond.
My hair is brown.
My hair is caught on something.
My hair is clumsily cut.
My hair is curly.
My hair is dry now.
My hair is getting long.
My hair is getting thinner.
My hair is gray.
My hair is greasy.
My hair is growing back.
My hair is just like yours.
My hair is light brown.
My hair is long.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
My hair is longer than Jane’s is.
My hair is longer than Tom's.
My hair is naturally curly.
My hair is receding.
My hair is short.
My hair is so dirty!
My hair is so messy!
My hair is starting to go grey.
My hair is still damp.
My hair is still soaked, but I'm unable to use a hair dryer.
My hair is still wet.
My hair is tangled.
My hair is the longest in my class.
My hair is the same length as Jane's.
My hair is the same length as Jane’s.
My hair is too long already, so I'm going for a haircut.
My hair is too long.
My hair is very curly.
My hair is very ugly.
My hair is wavy.
My hair is wet.
My hair is white.
My hair isn't as long as Tom's.
My hair isn’t your stress ball!
My hair looks better without highlights.
My hair looks good!
My hair looks like a bird's nest.
My hair refuses to sort out this morning.
My hair slightly bleaches in the summer.
My hair stands on end from fear.
My hair started falling out.
My hair stood on end with horror when I saw the scene.
My hair stood on end.
My hair style gets ruined whenever I wear hats, so I don't like them.
My hair takes a long time to dry.
My hair was a mess.
My hair was brown before it turned gray.
My hair was disastrously messed up.
My hair was still wet from being washed.
My hair wasn't long last year.
My hair's gone grey.
My hair's messed up this morning. At least lend me a hand mirror - it should be shut in the drawer there.
My hair's too long.
My hair's turned gray.
My hair's wet.
My hairbrush is made of wood.
My haircut only cost 1,000 yen. That's pretty rare these days. He probably didn't have a license.
My haircut only cost 1,000 yen. That’s pretty rare these days. He probably didn’t have a license.
My hairgrip is too heavy. It keeps slipping out of my hair.
My hairline is receding.
My hairpin is too heavy, it slips from my hair all of the time.
My hairslide is too heavy – it keeps slipping out of my hair.
My hair’s messed up this morning. At least lend me a hand mirror - it should be shut in the drawer there.
My half-Japanese and half-American friend Jeff from Washington State and I argued about measuring systems. It seems that American civilians are still not convinced about the metric system.
My half-brother is older than me.
My hamster escaped from its cage.
My hamster has a swollen testicle on one side.
My hamster is too cute.
My hamster's name is Cookie.
My hamstrings are very tight.
My hand are benumbed with cold.
My hand begins to tingle.
My hand came into contact with her hand.
My hand gets tired with the heavy phone.
My hand got bitten by my beloved dog.
My hand had to be amputated.
My hand has fallen asleep.
My hand hurt when Vladimir grabbed it.
My hand hurts when I hold something.
My hand hurts.
My hand is broken.
My hand is fine now.
My hand is in hot water.
My hand is in warm water.
My hand is itchy.
My hand is numb.
My hand is so cold I can't feel it anymore.
My hand is so cold that I can't feel it any more.
My hand is so numb with cold that I can't move my fingers.
My hand is tingling.
My hand is too full!
My hand itches.
My hand really hurts.
My hand was amputated.
My hand was burned.
My hand was resting on his hip.
My hand's getting too cold.
My hand-eye coordination isn't as good as it used to be.
My handbag has been stolen.
My handbag was stolen.
My handkerchief has holes in it.
My handkerchief is blue.
My handlebars are bent.
My hands and feet always feel cold.
My hands and feet are always cold.
My hands and feet are freezing.
My hands and feet have got as cold as ice.
My hands and feet were as cold as ice.
My hands and legs are swollen.
My hands are badly chapped, so I need to use rubber gloves whenever I do washing or laundry.
My hands are bound.
My hands are chapped.
My hands are clean.
My hands are clean. I haven't done anything illegal.
My hands are cold.
My hands are cold; keep them warm in yours.
My hands are covered in sweat.
My hands are dirty.
My hands are dirty. I have been repairing my bicycle.
My hands are dirty. I've been mending my bike.
My hands are entirely paralyzed by the outside cold.
My hands are essential for my work.
My hands are freezing out in this cold weather.
My hands are freezing.
My hands are frozen.
My hands are full at the moment.
My hands are full right now.
My hands are full today, so I can't do it.
My hands are full.
My hands are greasy.
My hands are hurt.
My hands are injured.
My hands are knotted.
My hands are like ice cubes.
My hands are literally tied right now.
My hands are numb because of the cold.
My hands are numb from the cold.
My hands are numb from the fall.
My hands are numb.
My hands are pretty cold.
My hands are really cold.
My hands are shaking.
My hands are small compared to Tom's.
My hands are small, my legs are short, and also my eyes are black.
My hands are so numb with cold that I can't move my fingers.
My hands are stained with ink.
My hands are stained with paint.
My hands are sticky.
My hands are sweaty.
My hands are tied and this reminds me of my limitations.
My hands are tied right now.
My hands are tied today, so I can't do that.
My hands are tied with this.
My hands are tied.
My hands are tied. I can't do anything about that.
My hands are tied. I can't help you, even if I wanted to.
My hands are tight.
My hands are too big to fit into these gloves.
My hands are wet.
My hands are wounded.
My hands became swollen up while taking a long bath.
My hands began to sweat.
My hands come in handy when I have no other tools.
My hands get cold in winter so I like to wear gloves.
My hands itch.
My hands really hurt.
My hands smell like fish.
My hands stink of onions.
My hands turned blue because it was so cold.
My hands were cold.
My hands were cut from working so much.
My hands were dirty.
My hands were full.
My hands were getting cold, so I put my gloves on.
My hands were getting cold, so I put on my gloves.
My hands were numb inside my gloves.
My hands were numb with cold.
My hands were numb.
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.
My handwriting is better than Tom's.
My handwriting is illegible.
My handwriting is so bad, even I can't read it.
My handwriting's better than Tom's.
My hand’s getting too cold.
My happiness depends on you.
My happiness disappeared in a flash.
My happiness has begun.
My happiness has no limits!
My happiness is complete.
My happiness is overshadowed by the thought that Tom is not with us.
My happiness isn't your concern.
My happiness was fleeting.
My happiness, I owe it to you.
My happiness, my daughter succeeded in her high school diploma.
My happy schooldays will soon be behind me.
My hard drive has 160 gigs.
My hard drive is almost full.
My hard drive is full.
My harsh words bruised her feeling.
My hat blew off.
My hat got blown off my head.
My hat got blown off.
My hat is bigger than Jim's.
My hat is bigger than Jim’s.
My hat is newer than yours.
My hat is not new.
My hat is the same color as Tom's.
My hat isn't new.
My hat was blown off by the wind.
My hat was blown off.
My hate for Tom has grown to a raging fire that burns with the fierce passion of a million suns.
My having caught the spider impressed the others.
My hay fever is kicking up.
My head ached.
My head aches so much.
My head aches so.
My head aches with a cold.
My head aches.
My head began to throb.
My head does hurt a little.
My head does not lean on learning.
My head doesn't ache anymore.
My head feels heavy.
My head feels like a gong.
My head feels like it's going to burst.
My head has become a tangle of confusion.
My head has begun to clear.
My head has swelled up.
My head hums.
My head hurt.
My head hurts a bit.
My head hurts because I'm sick.
My head hurts from those noisy kids.
My head hurts from working so much.
My head hurts!
My head hurts! What is wrong with me?
My head hurts, and so do my arms, legs... in fact, my whole body.
My head hurts.
My head hurts. Have you got any headache pills?
My head hurts. Have you got any headache tablets?
My head hurts. Maybe I should take an aspirin.
My head hurts. Tom, can you bring me some headache pills when you go shopping?
My head is about to explode from too much study!
My head is about to explode.
My head is bursting.
My head is exploding.
My head is fine now.
My head is flooded with thoughts.
My head is full of other things right now.
My head is full of school.
My head is full of words for you.
My head is going to explode.
My head is hurting a lot.
My head is in the right place.
My head is itchy.
My head is killing me.
My head is oblong.
My head is pounding.
My head is really cold.
My head is really itchy.
My head is round.
My head is spinning and I feel like throwing up.
My head is spinning around.
My head is spinning because of the heat.
My head is spinning from drinking alcohol.
My head is spinning.
My head is splitting from the noise.
My head is still spinning.
My head is swelling.
My head is swimming, so I'll try writing any old stuff without any deep thought.
My head is swimming, so I’ll try writing any-old stuff without any deep thought.
My head is swimming.
My head is swollen.
My head is throbbing because of all the vodka I had last night.
My head is throbbing.
My head is too hot.
My head itches.
My head really aches.
My head really hurts.
My head starts to hurt when I think about how annoying Chris is.
My head still feels woozy.
My head still felt giddy.
My head still hurts.
My head was pounding.
My head was spinning.
My head was whirling. I saw everything confusedly. My ears were buzzing.
My head's hurting a lot.
My head's really itchy.
My head's spinning round and round...
My head's still pounding but I don't have a temperature any more.
My head's still pounding, but I don't have a temperature anymore.
My headache has gone away.
My headache has gone.
My headache has worn off.
My headache is beginning to go away.
My headache is beginning to pass.
My headache is completely gone.
My headache is finally gone.
My headache is gone.
My headache returned again.
My headache stopped.
My headaches are getting worse and worse. I will have to see a doctor.
My headlights aren't working.
My head’s still pounding but I don’t have a temperature any more.
My health forbade me from venturing out unless the weather was exceptionally genial, and I had no friends who would call upon me and break the monotony of my daily existence.
My health has been good.
My health is better than the past days.
My health is good.
My health is improving.
My health is my only capital.
My health is none the better for my exercise.
My health is not equal to the voyage.
My health makes me a very slow worker.
My health temporarily gave way.
My health took a hit.
My health's very bad.
My hearing has gradually gotten worse.
My hearing is bad.
My hearing is beginning to go.
My hearing is essential for my work.
My hearing is getting worse.
My hearing is going.
My hearing is not as good as it used to be.
My hearing is not as good as yours.
My hearing is not so good as yours.
My hearing is not what it used to be.
My hearing isn't as good as it used to be.
My hearing isn't as good as yours.
My hearing isn't great, so I have to put on subtitles when I watch videos.
My hearing isn't so good as yours.
My hearing isn't what it used to be.
My hearing's not as good as yours.
My hearing's not so good as yours.
My hearing, my child, has been sharpened by my blindness, and I can now draw conclusions from the slightest sounds, which formerly reached my ears as unheeded as they now approach yours.
My heart ached for the dying birds.
My heart ached with pity for her.
My heart ached with pity for him.
My heart ached.
My heart aches because you weren't honest with me.
My heart aches for the starving children in Africa.
My heart aches for those starving children.
My heart aches from all the pain.
My heart aches from love.
My heart aches.
My heart almost stopped.
My heart and my best intentions tell me that's true, but the facts and evidence tell me it is not.
My heart beat faster.
My heart beat strongly.
My heart beat when I heard my name called.
My heart beats fast each time I see her.
My heart beats fast.
My heart beats faster whenever I see her.
My heart beats faster.
My heart beats for Tom.
My heart beats for you.
My heart beats happily when it sees you. My eyes, smiling, follow you, searching for you. But still, you run away from me, I don't know why.
My heart beats irregular.
My heart beats only for you.
My heart beats.
My heart became heavy like a lead weight.
My heart becomes heavy when I see these photos.
My heart began to beat fast.
My heart began to pound.
My heart began to race.
My heart began to tremble, as if I were a bird caught in a net.
My heart belongs to England.
My heart belongs to Tom.
My heart belongs to another.
My heart belongs to someone else.
My heart belongs to you alone.
My heart belongs to you.
My heart bleeds for you.
My heart bleeds.
My heart bounded with joy.
My heart bounds with expectation.
My heart breaks when I think about this.
My heart broke at the sight of the dying birds.
My heart broke when I heard he died.
My heart broke when I heard what happened to them.
My heart broke when I saw the dying birds.
My heart broke when I saw them.
My heart burns for you.
My heart burns with love for you.
My heart bursts with anger.
My heart dances at the thought of you.
My heart devours me but I'm powerless against it.
My heart dropped into my ass.
My heart dropped into my stomach and I started to panic.
My heart failed me.
My heart feels heavy.
My heart feels lighter after our conversations.
My heart fluttered with excitement.
My heart goes out to Tom.
My heart goes out to Yanni and his family.
My heart goes out to you and your family.
My heart goes out to you.
My heart grew light when I saw him drive away.
My heart has been destroyed.
My heart has been kidnapped and I don't know what to do.
My heart has broken into a thousand pieces.
My heart has eaten me but there's nothing I can change.
My heart has never eaten me for this.
My heart hurts.
My heart is French, but my ass is international!
My heart is a nest for you, my little swallow!
My heart is at peace.
My heart is beating absurdly quickly.
My heart is beating at an unreasonable rate.
My heart is beating fast.
My heart is beating heavily.
My heart is beating like crazy.
My heart is beating so fast!
My heart is beating tenderly for you.
My heart is bleeding.
My heart is broken.
My heart is bruised and my liver sick.
My heart is burning again with the love with which you inspired me so many years ago.
My heart is cold.
My heart is desperately trying to look for a mental connection with someone else.
My heart is eating me.
My heart is filled with joy!
My heart is filled with joy.
My heart is full of good memories of the time we spent together.
My heart is full of hope.
My heart is full of joy.
My heart is full of mourning.
My heart is full of sorrow.
My heart is full of trouble.
My heart is full.
My heart is green and yellow.
My heart is heavy, it wants to explode.
My heart is heavy.
My heart is hurting.
My heart is in pain.
My heart is in pieces.
My heart is in the East, and I am at the end of the West.
My heart is longing very hard for somebody's love.
My heart is on the verge of breaking.
My heart is on the verge of exploding.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it’s going to explode.
My heart is pounding.
My heart is pure and free from resentment.
My heart is racing.
My heart is singing now.
My heart is starting to heal.
My heart is trembling.
My heart is unbreakable.
My heart is weak.
My heart is yours.
My heart just dropped to my stomach.
My heart just melted!
My heart just sank.
My heart just went down into my stomach.
My heart knows no more joy.
My heart knows no other love.
My heart knows the truth.
My heart leaps up when I behold A rainbow in the sky; So was it when my life began, So is it now I am a man, So be it when I shall grow old, Or let me die!
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky.
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky: so was it when my life began; so is it now I am a man; so be it when I shall grow old, or let me die!
My heart leapt when I was walking on the road.
My heart leapt with joy.
My heart likes what it sees, not too regretting the missed opportunities.
My heart nearly flew out of my mouth.
My heart only has a place for you.
My heart opens to those who truly understand me.
My heart overflows with joy.
My heart pounded at the future excitement.
My heart practically skipped a beat.
My heart quickened.
My heart quickens.
My heart raced in surprise.
My heart races at the mere thought of him.
My heart races every time I see him.
My heart races when I'm near you.
My heart rates just thinking about you.
My heart refuses to forget her.
My heart sank into my boots.
My heart sank when I found out that, despite all my effort, I didn't get in.
My heart sank.
My heart says goodbye to the love we once had and cherished.
My heart says yes, but my mind says no.
My heart sings to see you.
My heart skipped a beat when my wife told me she was pregnant.
My heart skipped a beat.
My heart skips a beat at the sight of a rainbow.
My heart started beating faster.
My heart started pounding.
My heart started racing.
My heart stopped beating.
My heart stopped.
My heart ticks me.
My heart urges me to attempt it even if my head says it can't possibly work.
My heart was beating fast.
My heart was beating faster and faster.
My heart was beating rapidly.
My heart was beating so fast.
My heart was beating.
My heart was broken.
My heart was filled with happiness.
My heart was filled with joy.
My heart was filled with pity for him.
My heart was filled with sorrow.
My heart was in my boots when I thought of it.
My heart was in my throat.
My heart was literally pounding.
My heart was overwhelmed with pity for him.
My heart was pounding as I thought about what I would say to Vladimir.
My heart was pounding as my turn got nearer.
My heart was pounding ninety miles per hour.
My heart was pounding so hard, I thought it was going to come out of my mouth.
My heart was pounding.
My heart was racing.
My heart was really racing.
My heart was shaken by her song.
My heart was touched by his story.
My heart wasn't in the work.
My heart wasn’t in the work.
My heart will always go out to the families that lost their loved one in that tornado.
My heart will ever be faithful to thee.
My heart will stay closed to you.
My heart's aching.
My heart's beating so fast!
My heart's beating very fast.
My heart's pounding.
My heart's still pounding.
My heart, my body and my soul are yours.
My heart, the bird of the wilderness, has found its sky in your eyes.
My heart, the poor thing, is ailing.
My heart’s aching.
My heart’s beating so fast!
My heater isn't working.
My heating wasn't working.
My heaven is never enough.
My heavens, what an enormous box!
My height is five feet nine.
My height is one meter seventy.
My height surpasses yours.
My helicopter has to be repaired.
My helicopter needs to be repaired.
My help isn't needed anymore.
My hemorrhoids hurt.
My hen lays eggs with two yolks.
My hens laid fewer eggs last year.
My hens lay brown eggs.
My hens lay large brown eggs.
My hens lay very large brown eggs.
My hero is Tom Jackson.
My hiccups won't stop at all.
My high school French teacher was a native speaker.
My high school French teacher wasn't a native speaker.
My high-school brown-haired friend Kevin boastfully adored everything about his English heritage, from the Rolls Royce to the Royal Family. He sometimes wore a black top hat for fun. One day, my gang with Kevin discussed the intrusion of Latin into the English language. He gleefully cited the word "fix" as a true Anglo-Saxon word, which I negated, indicating that it really derived from the Latin "fīgere." He knew that as a Filipino, I had also Roman ancestors. Kevin was like redheaded Michael in Grade 5, my first elementary grade on Lulu Island. He too was keen on Anglophilia.
My hip hurts.
My hip is killing me.
My history teacher is an old Portuguese.
My history teacher is awful: he begins talking of a topic, and then he starts digressing, and I think not even he realizes what he had explained.
My hobbies are baking and watching movies.
My hobbies are cooking and reading.
My hobbies are driving and playing the guitar.
My hobbies are fishing and watching television.
My hobbies are karate and calligraphy.
My hobbies are not only wide-ranging but also useful.
My hobbies are reading, writing, walking and entering sweepstakes.
My hobbies are traveling and watching baseball.
My hobby costs a lot.
My hobby is collecting coins.
My hobby is collecting foreign stamps.
My hobby is collecting insects.
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
My hobby is collecting old coins.
My hobby is collecting old toys.
My hobby is collecting stamps.
My hobby is collecting watches.
My hobby is cooking.
My hobby is cycling.
My hobby is dancing.
My hobby is doing that.
My hobby is drawing.
My hobby is fishing.
My hobby is gardening.
My hobby is languages.
My hobby is learning languages.
My hobby is listening to music.
My hobby is making model planes.
My hobby is making phrases.
My hobby is music.
My hobby is my aquarium.
My hobby is painting.
My hobby is philosophy.
My hobby is playing chess.
My hobby is playing golf.
My hobby is playing the guitar.
My hobby is playing the piano.
My hobby is reading comics.
My hobby is reading novels.
My hobby is reading.
My hobby is shopping.
My hobby is skiing.
My hobby is stamp collecting.
My hobby is swimming with dolphins.
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.
My hobby is taking pictures.
My hobby is to collect beautiful butterflies.
My hobby is to collect old toys.
My hobby is to cook.
My hobby is to listen to music.
My hobby is to read.
My hobby is visiting old temples.
My hobby is weight lifting.
My hobby is writing songs.
My hobby is writing stories.
My hobby: inventing irregular forms of verbs.
My holiday ends tomorrow.
My holiday flew by.
My holiday is coming to an end.
My holiday is nearing its end.
My holiday is over.
My holiday plan has fallen through.
My holiday started last week.
My holiday starts next week.
My holiday starts tomorrow.
My holidays flew by.
My home country is Algeria.
My home is a yurt.
My home is about three miles from here.
My home is at the bottom of this tower.
My home is being robbed right now.
My home is big.
My home is close to the station.
My home is far away.
My home is full of rubbish.
My home is in Algeria.
My home is in the country.
My home is mine as well.
My home is my castle.
My home is on the eighth floor.
My home is on the fourth floor.
My home is on the outskirts of Boston.
My home is on the outskirts of that city.
My home is separated from his by a river.
My home is your home.
My home is yours.
My home lies far across the sea.
My home life is good, but I'm still struggling to get myself to write.
My home phone number is, area code two-oh-one, one-two-three, four-five-six-seven.
My home planet has three moons.
My home stood on a bit of country road, with three or four other cottages, close outside a biggish town.
My home town is adjacent to the ocean.
My home town lies 10 miles south of New York.
My home's door remains constantly unlocked.
My home, what could be better?
My homegirl became a physicist.
My homeland is the Portuguese language.
My homeland is the whole earth.
My homeland is the whole world.
My homeroom teacher is Mrs. Jackson.
My homeroom teacher is the same age as my mother.
My homestay parents tried to speak to me in French.
My hometown here on Lulu Island is a virtual desert with few people with whom to talk. Since age 10, I grew up here.
My hometown is Solikamsk.
My hometown is Tel Aviv.
My hometown is Zamboanga City.
My hometown is adjacent to the ocean.
My hometown is in Kabylie, Algeria.
My hometown is in the center of Hokkaido.
My hometown is in the center of Kobe.
My hometown is located about 20 minutes from a large city.
My hometown is the best in the world.
My hometown is very pretty.
My hometown on Lulu Island is like "Flat Mountain."
My homework is nearly complete.
My homework remains to be done.
My homework took longer than I expected.
My homework was easier than I expected.
My homework was finally finished.
My homosexuality has become a topic of conversation around town.
My honest opinion, if you want it, is that the book is terrible.
My honor has grown.
My hope for the new year is to study harder.
My hope has been extinguished by his remark.
My hope is a future of freedom.
My hope is gone, I do not know where it is.
My hope is that that doesn't happen.
My hope is that we won't have to do this again.
My hope is that we'll be able to get that done by Monday.
My hope is that we'll be able to get that done.
My hope is to give you good food for a low price.
My hope of seeing her again dwindles every day.
My hope was that Tom would be able to do that.
My hope was that he could.
My hopes revived.
My horizons are broader than your pupils after cannabis consumption!
My hormones are driving me crazy.
My horror at his crimes was lost in my admiration at his skill.
My horse died when she was still a yearling.
My horse fell into the river and a crocodile bit my leg off.
My horse is black.
My horse is dead.
My horse is fast.
My horse is hungry.
My horse is white.
My horse likes apples.
My horse ran away.
My horse's breath was steaming in the frosty air.
My host family gave me a hearty welcome.
My host family often advises me.
My host family was very friendly.
My host family were very friendly.
My hostage's name was Tom.
My hot chocolate, please.
My hotel room cost more than I expected.
My hotel told me to call you.
My hour has not yet come.
My hours of study are from 8 to 11 p.m.
My house always shakes when a lorry goes by.
My house always shakes when a truck goes by.
My house burned down in 2013.
My house burned down.
My house caught fire.
My house doesn't have a basement.
My house doesn't have a garage.
My house doesn't have a porch.
My house doesn't have a roof.
My house doesn't have an air conditioner.
My house doesn't have an alarm system.
My house faces a busy street.
My house faces south.
My house faces the sea.
My house faces to the south.
My house got broken into.
My house has a blue roof.
My house has a fruit garden.
My house has a pantry.
My house has a small yard.
My house has a spare room.
My house has an orchard.
My house has no insulation.
My house has three bedrooms.
My house has two bedrooms.
My house has two flights of stairs.
My house has two pantries.
My house is 17 kilometres from the city.
My house is a big house.
My house is a hovel.
My house is a little way from the street.
My house is a long way from here.
My house is a mess.
My house is a mortgage-free house.
My house is a rental house.
My house is a shack.
My house is a shanty.
My house is a ten-minute walk from the station.
My house is a two-story affair.
My house is about three kilometers from here.
My house is across from the park.
My house is backed by woods.
My house is beside the river.
My house is beside the station.
My house is between Tom's and Mary's.
My house is beyond that bridge.
My house is big, pink and white.
My house is big.
My house is bigger than yours.
My house is built of wood.
My house is built.
My house is by the lake.
My house is by the ocean.
My house is by the sea.
My house is close to a bus stop.
My house is close to a railway station.
My house is close to the amenities of a big city.
My house is close to the park.
My house is close to the school.
My house is close to the sea.
My house is close to the supermarket.
My house is comprised of these four rooms.
My house is conveniently close to the station.
My house is covered by insurance.
My house is designed so as to withstand an earthquake.
My house is designed to withstand an earthquake.
My house is diagonally opposite the church.
My house is dirty.
My house is easy to find.
My house is empty.
My house is far away.
My house is filled with stuff.
My house is filled with things.
My house is five blocks away.
My house is flooded with letters that I've received from my family abroad.
My house is for sale.
My house is fully insured.
My house is haunted.
My house is here.
My house is in France.
My house is in a village.
My house is in disarray.
My house is in the countryside.
My house is in the middle of the town.
My house is in the mountains.
My house is in the north of the city.
My house is in the north of the town.
My house is in the northern part of the city.
My house is in the suburbs.
My house is in the village.
My house is in this village.
My house is just across from the hospital.
My house is just across the street.
My house is just around the corner.
My house is just down the street.
My house is just over there.
My house is like yours.
My house is located at a distance from the station.
My house is located in a convenient place - near the train station.
My house is located in a convenient place - next to the train station.
My house is located just across the street.
My house is located right across the street.
My house is more comfortable than yours.
My house is near Tokyo Tower.
My house is near a bike trail.
My house is near a railway station.
My house is near a train station.
My house is near her house.
My house is near the beach.
My house is near the bus station.
My house is near the church.
My house is near the park.
My house is near the post office.
My house is near the school.
My house is near the station.
My house is near where I work.
My house is neither big nor small.
My house is new.
My house is next door to Tom's house.
My house is next to Tom's house.
My house is next to Tom's.
My house is next to a bus stop.
My house is next to a tall tree.
My house is next to his house.
My house is next to the big tree.
My house is next to the fire station.
My house is next to the park.
My house is next to yours. You can see it better from here.
My house is nice.
My house is north of the city.
My house is north of the library.
My house is not a Petri dish!
My house is not big.
My house is not far from here.
My house is old and dilapidated.
My house is old and falling apart.
My house is old and ugly.
My house is on Park Street.
My house is on a hill.
My house is on the hill.
My house is on the other side of that bridge.
My house is on the other side of the river.
My house is on the other side of the road.
My house is on the outskirts of the city.
My house is on the outskirts of town.
My house is on the riverbank.
My house is on the skirts of the town.
My house is on the south bank of the Thames.
My house is on the south side of the park.
My house is on the west side of the road.
My house is on the west side of the street.
My house is on your left as you go up the street towards the church.
My house is only a mile from here.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
My house is only five minutes’ walk from the station.
My house is over there.
My house is pretty far from the train station.
My house is really big.
My house is right across the street.
My house is right here, in Kabylie.
My house is situated in a convenient place - near the train station.
My house is situated in an isolated neighborhood.
My house is situated in the outskirts.
My house is situated near the station.
My house is situated on a hill.
My house is situated on the other side of that bridge.
My house is small and cramped.
My house is small.
My house is smaller.
My house is so clean that you could literally eat off its floor.
My house is so insulated, heating costs almost nothing.
My house is ten minutes' walk from the station.
My house is ten minutes’ walk from the station.
My house is that one there.
My house is the third house on the right.
My house is tiny.
My house is too big.
My house is too small.
My house is under construction.
My house is up the road.
My house is very cold.
My house is very insulated.
My house is very near the park.
My house is very old.
My house is well insulated.
My house is west.
My house is within easy reach of the station.
My house is your house.
My house isn't big.
My house isn't far from here.
My house isn't insulated.
My house isn't large or small.
My house isn't large.
My house isn't near the station.
My house isn't new.
My house isn't so far from here.
My house isn't very big but it's really comfortable and beautiful. We bought it last year and it was a great achievement in our lives.
My house isn't very far from the beach.
My house isn't very large, but it's large enough for me.
My house isn't very well insulated.
My house lays at a convenient place - near the train station.
My house looks to the south.
My house looks toward the sea.
My house needs considerable repairs.
My house needs major repairs.
My house needs repairs.
My house needs to be painted.
My house needs to be repainted.
My house seems small beside his.
My house stands by a tall tree.
My house stands on a hill.
My house stands within easy access of the railroad station.
My house was bombed during the war.
My house was broken into last night.
My house was broken into.
My house was built in 2013.
My house was damaged by the flood.
My house was destroyed.
My house was on fire.
My house was ready two months ago.
My house was robbed while I was away.
My house was struck by lightning last week.
My house went up in flames.
My house works like my office.
My house, located on a hill, command a fine view.
My house, located on a hill, commands a fine view.
My house, my rules.
My house, which I bought ten years ago, still looks new.
My houseboat has run aground.
My housemate complained about the noise.
My housemate is allergic to soya. My brother is vegan, and whenever he comes round, I never know what to cook.
My housework is to wash the dishes.
My hovercraft is full of eels, and there's a bit of chewing gum stuck to my keyboard.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
My hovercraft is full of jokes that have been overused to the point where only a small chuckle at best can be elicited from them.
My hovercraft is teeming with eel.
My how times have changed.
My hubby and I used to go mountain climbing together.
My hubby just got into an accident and I'm worried to death.
My human rights are not up for debate.
My humility makes me proud.
My humor can be really dry.
My hunch was correct.
My hunch was right.
My hungry children are asking for bread.
My husband agrees to the divorce — or rather, he knows he can't stop it.
My husband always reads in bed.
My husband and I are best friends.
My husband and I are both teachers.
My husband and I are calling it quits.
My husband and I are going on Sunday to see the ballet, Carmen, performed by the National Ballet Company at the Four Seasons Centre.
My husband and I became friends at a dinner party.
My husband and I began to drift apart, feelings became less intense.
My husband and I don't make love anymore.
My husband and I have a joint bank account.
My husband and I have reversed roles, he stays at home now and I go to work.
My husband and I met at work.
My husband and I prefer to spend time at home together.
My husband and I tell each other everything.
My husband and I used to go mountain climbing together.
My husband and I were spinners, but our spinning company drove us to ruin.
My husband and I will travel to Versailles in the spring to watch an opera.
My husband and I, we have drifted apart, and now we don't know how to reverse the process.
My husband and daughter are fast asleep.
My husband and sons arrived at the same time.
My husband beats me when he drinks.
My husband bought me a washing machine.
My husband calls me a feminist, but he is too chauvinist.
My husband came home with flowers and a bottle of wine.
My husband caught a cold and he's resting in bed.
My husband cheated on me.
My husband cheats on me all the time.
My husband comes from Bejaia, Algeria.
My husband comes from a different culture, so we don't always understand each other.
My husband comes from a very conservative Muslim family.
My husband comes home at about eight.
My husband could be here any time.
My husband damaged a nerve in his neck.
My husband didn't die.
My husband doesn't know I'm with you.
My husband doesn't like flying.
My husband doesn't love me anymore.
My husband doesn't love me.
My husband dresses the children while I make breakfast.
My husband drinks all the time.
My husband earns $100,000 a year.
My husband enjoys his glass once in a while.
My husband forces me to have sex against my will.
My husband gave me a bouquet of lilies of the valley.
My husband gave me a red car.
My husband got a vasectomy.
My husband got the hots for a Canadian and is threatening me with divorce.
My husband has bought a new suit.
My husband has five or six brains which are remarkably irrigated.
My husband has four nieces and nephews.
My husband has his breakfast while reading the newspaper.
My husband has lice.
My husband has lost three stone since he fell ill, and his trousers are now all baggy.
My husband has two older brothers. (That’s right, I’m a third-son’s wife)
My husband has two older brothers. That's right, I'm a third-son's wife.
My husband hates me and desires my death.
My husband is Canadian.
My husband is German Jewish.
My husband is German.
My husband is Luxembourgish.
My husband is Polish.
My husband is a Canadian, too.
My husband is a French teacher.
My husband is a German Jew.
My husband is a Luxembourger.
My husband is a baker.
My husband is a compulsive gambler. What can I do?
My husband is a doctor.
My husband is a good man.
My husband is a pain to live with.
My husband is a premature ejaculator and that's why I took a lover.
My husband is a professor.
My husband is a senior citizen.
My husband is a teacher, too.
My husband is a teacher.
My husband is a very good cook.
My husband is a veteran.
My husband is also Canadian.
My husband is also Russian.
My husband is also a Canadian.
My husband is also here.
My husband is always reading in bed.
My husband is an expert when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
My husband is at a conference. Would you like to get some coffee?
My husband is at our neighbor's.
My husband is at work.
My husband is away for the weekend.
My husband is better able to cook than I.
My husband is broad-shouldered, with distinctly short arms.
My husband is circumcised.
My husband is difficult to live with.
My husband is disabled.
My husband is doing badly.
My husband is engaged with another woman.
My husband is from Angola. He is Angolan.
My husband is handsomer than Al Pacino.
My husband is hardworking.
My husband is having an affair.
My husband is having dinner.
My husband is here as well.
My husband is impotent. What should I do?
My husband is in Ukraine.
My husband is in high spirits today.
My husband is in jail.
My husband is in prison.
My husband is indifferent to his clothes.
My husband is interested in anal sex.
My husband is jealous.
My husband is lazy.
My husband is loving and caring.
My husband is more handsome than Al Pacino.
My husband is out of work and looking for a job.
My husband is plotting to kill me.
My husband is seeing someone else.
My husband is the jealous type.
My husband is tidying his desk.
My husband is unemployed and looking for work.
My husband is unfaithful to me.
My husband is useless.
My husband is washing the car.
My husband is watering the flowers.
My husband isn't faithful to our marriage.
My husband isn't quite the provider he should be.
My husband isn’t quite the provider he should be.
My husband left me a surprise.
My husband lied to me.
My husband likes Japanese cars.
My husband likes to have a drink in the evening. He drinks 6 or more bottles of sparkling wine and 5 or 6 bottles of warm sake. Sometimes he has a day where he doesn't drink, but it has never lasted for more than two days.
My husband likes to have a drink in the evening. He drinks 6 or more bottles of sparkling wine and 5 or 6 bottles of warm sake. Sometimes he has a day where he doesn’t drink, but it has never lasted for more than two days.
My husband likes to sleep.
My husband lost his job.
My husband loves the fervour of the city.
My husband makes 100,000 euros per year.
My husband makes a hundred thousand dollars a year.
My husband masturbates when he's alone.
My husband never helps me with the housework.
My husband notices everything.
My husband often fails to understand what I mean.
My husband passed away after having fought against his illness for a long time.
My husband passed away in 2017.
My husband passed away three years ago, and my hands are still looking for him at night.
My husband pushes me to have sex, despite my lack of consent.
My husband ran off with someone younger.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
My husband really likes to do exercise.
My husband replaced the light bulb in the bathroom. Then the light worked again.
My husband said he would come back soon. It's been two years.
My husband says he needs her.
My husband sends his best regards to you.
My husband shot the man in self-defense.
My husband snores loudly and it's getting harder and harder for me to get to sleep each day.
My husband speaks Mexican Spanish.
My husband suffers from osteoporosis.
My husband supports me in everything.
My husband talks about our sex life with his friends.
My husband tells me he goes to work even on Sundays and holidays but sometimes I suspect there's something fishy about his story.
My husband tells me he goes to work even on Sundays and holidays but sometimes I suspect there’s something fishy about his story.
My husband thinks I spend too much money.
My husband told me a secret.
My husband took to drinking.
My husband trains dogs.
My husband tried out a new suit.
My husband usually doesn't understand what I mean.
My husband usually leaves for work at 8 o'clock.
My husband usually leaves for work at 8 o’clock.
My husband wants me to be just a housewife and quit my job.
My husband wants me to dress nice.
My husband was a lawyer.
My husband was a teacher.
My husband was behind me every step of the way.
My husband was called away on business.
My husband was interested in sport.
My husband was killed.
My husband was probably drunk when he signed this.
My husband was so flabbergasted he dropped his car keys.
My husband was wearing a suit that had just been taken out of the oven.
My husband was working overtime.
My husband washes the car.
My husband will be back soon.
My husband won't let me get a job.
My husband works as a programmer.
My husband works in Austria.
My husband works in a bank.
My husband wouldn't like it if I did that.
My husband wouldn't like that.
My husband's been my rock during these last few months.
My husband's cellmate sexually assaulted him.
My husband's first name is Tom.
My husband's going to kill me.
My husband's health concerns me.
My husband's name is Krzysztof.
My husband's name is Tom.
My husband's not in town.
My husband's sister lives with us.
My husband's situation is different.
My husband, my son and I each have a key to the flat.
My husband-to-be expects me to quit working as soon as we get married and become a full-time housewife.
My hydrophobic uncle nearly drowned in the tub when he was eight.
My iPhone chargers keep breaking. They just fall apart.
My icon photo is a bit of a neighbor's roof as seen from my bedroom window.
My idea differs from his.
My idea is better, I think.
My idea is better.
My idea is different from yours.
My idea is quite different from yours.
My idea is starting to come to life.
My idea is starting to take shape.
My idea is that we should talk to Mr Brown.
My idea is worth reading.
My idea of a nice vacation isn't lounging in a smelly catacomb.
My idea of that place is not very clear.
My idea was much better.
My idea was stolen.
My idea went against his.
My ideal woman is shapely, intelligent and a polyglot.
My ideas are always great.
My ideas are always spectacular.
My ideas are different from yours.
My identical twin is uglier than me.
My ideology does not allow me to consider that a viable option.
My ideology is unquestionably superior.
My idiot friend confused health insurance with travel insurance.
My idiot self fell for it.
My idleness will become my doom.
My idol is idle.
My illness dates back to my childhood.
My illness has no cure.
My illness kept me from starting.
My illness lasted for a month, from start to finish.
My illness, no one else has it.
My illusions were taken away by fate.
My image in the mirror does not match how I feel inside.
My imagination is limitless.
My imagination is playing tricks on me.
My imagination is without limit.
My immediate boss is tough to please.
My immediate family are Muslim.
My immediate neighbors are a commercial center, a hospital, a church, and a metro station.
My impatience took over as soon as I saw the first rays of sunlight.
My impression is that the machine belonged to a stenographer once in the employ of my father, who used frequently to come to our house to take down dictations.
My impression of America is very good.
My impression of the United States is very good.
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they’ll encounter large problems in the future.
My improvisations are pretty good.
My improvisations are terrible.
My improvisations are tolerably good.
My impulse to utter swear words has landed me in hot water on more than one occasion.
My in-laws are Canadians.
My in-laws are Kabyle.
My in-laws are from Kabylie.
My in-laws are visiting us this weekend.
My in-laws get more irrational every year, and we're starting to think they have dementia because of the terrible choices they are making.
My in-laws had to hose off their patio after the haboob blew dust and sand all over it.
My in-laws hate me.
My in-laws insisted on buying us stainless steel flatware for our wedding.
My inbox is full.
My income and expenses aren't balanced.
My income and expenses aren’t balanced.
My income falls short of my expenditure by five hundred pounds.
My income has decreased ten percent.
My income has gone down by 10 percent.
My income is a far cry from his.
My income is barely enough to maintain living.
My income is too low for me to travel.
My income is twice as large as yours is.
My income is very low.
My incompetence aggrieves me.
My index finger hurts.
My index finger was suddenly itchy.
My indignation knew no bounds.
My indoor plants keep dying.
My industry, the software industry, is scarier than the building construction industry, many might think.
My infancy was more than happy.
My information was accurate.
My initial assumption was correct.
My initials are on my briefcase.
My injuries aren't very serious.
My injuries were less serious than Tom's.
My injuries weren't as bad as Tom's.
My injuries weren't as severe as Tom's.
My injuries weren't so serious.
My injury isn't healing.
My ink is better than yours.
My inlaws are Kabyle.
My inner child never wants to grow up.
My inner thoughts will stay private.
My inner voice was clear, but I silenced it.
My inquisitive nature keeps me young at heart.
My inspiration has run dry.
My inspiration levels are too high right now for me to go to sleep just now.
My instinct said I could trust you.
My instinct told me to trust Vladimir and I did.
My instinct was right.
My instincts had a clear message, but I was skeptical.
My instructions were clear.
My insurance broker sells both home and vehicle insurance but not life insurance.
My insurance coverage is too limited, so I guess I'll just have to live with my arm bones jutting out of my skin.
My insurance coverage is too limited, so I guess I’ll just have to live with my arm bones jutting out of my skin.
My insurance will not cover any kind of alternative medicine.
My integrity and principles can't be compromised by any financial enticement.
My intellectual Russian-Scot high school friend Kenneth was interested in Chinese, as he had a stone stamp made with his name in Chinese. It is known that some Russians do have Hun ancestry. His mother liked making Russian cabbage rolls.
My intellectual abilities are so sharp and I always sharpen them further.
My intention was pure.
My intention was to prise the door open with my tool, for I am a very powerful man, but suddenly another idea occurred to me.
My intentions reached you clearly enough.
My intentions were good.
My intentions were honorable.
My intentions were instantly clear to them.
My interest faded.
My interest in Berber is something I have had all of my life.
My interest in Esperanto and Interlingua may be entangled with my interest in steampunk and dieselpunk.
My interest in languages shows some variation and cyclical patterns.
My interest in politics is purely academic.
My interest in politics is strictly academic.
My interest in the subject is waning the more I learn about it.
My interest in you has waned.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
My interest is in the future because I'm going to spend the rest of my life there.
My interest is in the future because I’m going to spend the rest of my life there.
My interest is people watching.
My interest quickened.
My interest was piqued.
My interests lie elsewhere.
My internet connection has been really slow lately.
My internet connection is slow.
My internet connection was cut off.
My internet has been choppy recently.
My internet is horrible, is yours?
My internet sucks.
My internship ends today.
My internship is about to end.
My internship is coming to an end.
My internship provides half board.
My intervention on your behalf is the only reason you still have a job.
My intuition acted as a compass during difficult decisions.
My intuition is surprisingly accurate.
My intuition says yes.
My intuition tells me that Tom is not responsible for this mess.
My intuition was correct.
My inventory is almost full.
My inventory was full, so I asked Tom to hold on to the shield I found.
My investigation has uncovered the secret.
My investments earn about 10 percent a year.
My involvement with her left me a physical and mental wreck.
My is it cloudy today!
My jacket has a secret pocket where I can hide money or other valuables.
My jacket is made differently from yours.
My jacket is not the same as yours.
My jacket isn't the same as yours.
My jacket isn't waterproof.
My jacket's in the car.
My jacket's zip got stuck.
My jar is leaking.
My jaw dropped.
My jaw drops.
My jaw hit the floor and I couldn't find words to express myself.
My jaw hurts.
My jaw is sore.
My jaws have returned to their usual English expression of subdued agony and intense gloom.
My jeans are too tight. I can't bend.
My jeans are torn.
My jeans have shrunk.
My jeans ripped at the seams.
My jeans shrank after I washed them.
My jeans shrank in the wash.
My jeans shrank.
My jeans won't fit.
My jeans won't fit. Did they shrink?
My jeep got stuck in the mud.
My jelly won't set.
My jet needed refueling.
My job begins at eight o'clock in the morning.
My job begins on Monday.
My job consists of creating problems.
My job consists of hiding problems.
My job consists of solving problems.
My job consists of taking care of this baby.
My job description has changed.
My job doesn't change.
My job has gotten harder.
My job here, is not to be your best friend, but rather to be a responsible parent.
My job involves helping people solve problems.
My job is boring.
My job is designing shoes.
My job is difficult but interesting.
My job is dull and boring.
My job is easy and I have a lot of free time.
My job is easy.
My job is giving me a stomach-ache.
My job is giving me a stomachache.
My job is just as important to me as your job is to you.
My job is just like any other job.
My job is meaningless.
My job is monotonous.
My job is my hobby.
My job is pretty complicated.
My job is safe.
My job is solving problems.
My job is strangling rats.
My job is taking care of our baby.
My job is taking care of the baby.
My job is teaching English.
My job is teaching French.
My job is the easiest.
My job is the only thing I care about.
My job is the same as it's always been.
My job is to anticipate problems.
My job is to do what other people don't want to do.
My job is to forgive you, which I do.
My job is to help people solve their problems.
My job is to help you learn to communicate better in French.
My job is to know these things.
My job is to make sure everybody is safe.
My job is to make sure everyone is safe.
My job is to make sure that everybody follows the rules.
My job is to make sure that everybody is safe.
My job is to make sure that everyone is safe.
My job is to publicize the decisions made during the meeting.
My job is to steam the vegetables for lunch.
My job is to take care of the baby.
My job is to talk on the phone, from morning to evening.
My job is to transcribe audio to text for the hard of hearing.
My job is to wash dishes.
My job is to wash the dishes.
My job is very boring.
My job is very interesting.
My job is very similar to that.
My job is washing dishes.
My job keeps me busy.
My job keeps me busy. But my new apartment is cheap.
My job keeps me pretty busy.
My job kept me busy.
My job pays fairly well.
My job pays well, but it's really demanding.
My job prevented me from devoting myself fully to you.
My job search is really going rough. I don't have any connections.
My job search is really going rough. I don’t have any connections.
My job starts in three months.
My job sucks and I can't take it anymore!
My job will only last two years at most.
My joints ache when it gets cold.
My joints ache.
My joints are aching.
My joints are hurting.
My joints hurt.
My joke went over very well.
My jokes are not funny.
My jokes aren't funny.
My jokes didn't make anyone laugh.
My journal was stolen.
My journey has been about self-improvement.
My journey is all about achieving greatness.
My journey of suffering began at a very early age.
My joy was momentary.
My juice, please.
My katakana has never been good and I'm losing my ability to read hiragana.
My key is stuck in the door.
My keyboard broke.
My keyboard does not work well.
My keyboard is bad.
My keyboard is broken.
My keyboard is dirty.
My keyboard is full of dirt.
My keyboard is missing a left arrow key.
My keyboard isn't working.
My keyboard makes clicking and clacking noises.
My keys are gone.
My keys are missing.
My keys are on the cabinet.
My keys are still missing, how frustrating!
My keys must be hiding from me.
My keys were right here a moment ago.
My kid brother is twelve.
My kid can't say "Kinpiragobo", he always says "Kinpirabogo" instead.
My kid can’t say "Kinpiragobo", he always says "Kinpirabogo" instead.
My kid doesn't do things like that.
My kid has acne and is embarrassed to go out in public.
My kid is aggressive and is always making a ruckus.
My kid is being potty trained.
My kid is being toilet trained.
My kid is nothing like your kid.
My kid is shy around strangers and always hides behind me.
My kid keeps asking me for food, even though I fed him just a week ago.
My kid learned to walk while I was away.
My kid never tidies after they've finished playing, so I'm looking to get a toy box for their room to encourage them to put things away. Do you have anything in stock I could use for this?
My kid was in the car.
My kid will come from school in an hour.
My kid's hungry.
My kid's not like your kid.
My kidnappers were never arrested.
My kidneys are sick.
My kidneys hurt.
My kids are all grown up now.
My kids are at school.
My kids are coming to see me.
My kids are great.
My kids are grown up.
My kids are grown.
My kids are home alone.
My kids are in the pool.
My kids are often grouchy in the morning.
My kids are still very young.
My kids are very young.
My kids bought me this.
My kids bought this for me.
My kids don't even know what Facebook is.
My kids don't like taking baths.
My kids don't usually lie to me.
My kids feed Tom's dog while he's away.
My kids feed themselves.
My kids graduated from public schools.
My kids grew up here.
My kids grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
My kids have a lot more toys than yours do.
My kids have a lot more toys than yours.
My kids have all left school.
My kids have been kidnapped.
My kids have grown up; now I have to take care of my parents.
My kids have their spring break soon.
My kids love animals.
My kids love dogs.
My kids love licorice.
My kids love liquorice sticks.
My kids love liquorice.
My kids love me.
My kids love you so much.
My kids need clothes.
My kids say there's a generation gap.
My kids used to go there.
My kids used to go to this school.
My kids want to buy clothes.
My kids watch too much TV.
My kids went to Algeria.
My kids will be spending Christmas with my ex-wife.
My kids will be spending Christmas with their mother.
My kind and I won't say it from now on.
My kingdom is not of this world.
My kitchen help has the intelligence of a spatula.
My kitchen is a mess.
My kitchen is always messy.
My kitchen is small.
My kite flies high in the sky.
My kitty was run over.
My knapsack is very heavy.
My knee aches.
My knee hurts a lot.
My knee hurts when I bend it.
My knee hurts when the weather changes.
My knee hurts.
My knee is bleeding.
My knee is fine now.
My knee is sore.
My knee keeps hurting.
My knee really hurts.
My knee still hurts.
My knees are fine now.
My knees crack when I run.
My knees crack when I squat.
My knees feel like butter.
My knees were shaking.
My knickers are wet.
My knife has become dull.
My knife has gotten dull.
My knife has lost its edge.
My knife has such a fine edge.
My knife is broken.
My knife is dull.
My knife is sharp.
My knife needs sharpening.
My knife needs to be sharpened.
My knife's blade is very sharp.
My knowledge about Japanese is not that good yet.
My knowledge of Berber is next to nothing.
My knowledge of French doesn't amount to much.
My knowledge of French is poor.
My knowledge of French is still very limited, but I'm keen to learn.
My knowledge of German doesn't extend that far.
My knowledge of German is insufficient.
My knowledge of German is poor.
My knowledge of Greek has not improved one iota since I began attending in your class!
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
My knowledge of biochemistry is limited.
My knowledge of geography is poor.
My knowledge of spells is non-existent.
My lab partner and I hit it off, and we've been friends ever since.
My labor has started.
My lack of enthusiasm was clear.
My lack of enthusiasm was obvious.
My lack of enthusiasm was palpable.
My ladder is not broken.
My ladder is too short to reach the roof.
My ladder isn't broken.
My ladder's banjaxed.
My lady-friends fondly call my prick ‘Rumor’, because it goes from mouth to mouth.
My lamp is leaning.
My land abuts on the river.
My land has palm trees where the thrush sings.
My landlady is a harpy.
My landlord asked me if I could pay my rent early this month.
My language has five hundred words for melancholy.
My language has many fossilised expressions.
My language is Berber.
My language is Kabyle.
My language is Kurdish.
My language is not on the list!
My language is real.
My language is very complicated.
My language is your language, too. It's the Berber language.
My language learning journey is never over.
My language shall live!
My language skills are subpar.
My language-learning has slowed down this year.
My laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to.
My laptop battery doesn’t last as long as it used to.
My laptop broke.
My laptop crashed.
My laptop doesn't have an optical disk drive.
My laptop has a built-in card reader.
My laptop has been running so slow lately.
My laptop has been stolen.
My laptop has stopped working.
My laptop is being repaired.
My laptop is broken.
My laptop is on my bed.
My laptop is on the bed.
My laptop is running Linux.
My laptop is slow.
My laptop keeps crashing on me.
My laptop keeps overheating.
My laptop ran out of charge.
My laptop suddenly packed up.
My laptop's battery is low.
My laptop's stopped working.
My large package regularly draws people's attention.
My laser printer can also scan an image.
My laser printer can only do black and white prints.
My laser printer can only handle black and white.
My laser printer only prints in black and white.
My last boss was a woman.
My last car lasted three years.
My last day of work was Monday.
My last day of work will be Monday.
My last day was Monday.
My last day will be Monday.
My last girlfriend was Slovakian and now I have a Ukrainian fiancée.
My last hope is gone.
My last husband was a real idiot.
My last husband was really stupid.
My last name is Ikeda and my first name is Kazuko.
My last name is Jackson.
My last name is Jones.
My last name is Patel, yes, but I'm not Gujarati.
My last name is Wang.
My last name is Watanabe.
My last name is indeclinable.
My last name is spelled with an O.
My last name isn't Jackson anymore.
My last name was Jackson before I got married.
My last period was two months ago.
My last real vacation was more than three years ago.
My last undergraduate semester is over.
My last workplace was 1400 km away.
My last workplace was 870 miles away.
My last year in Australia was 2013.
My last year in Boston was 2013.
My late friend's daughter said, "I will pray for my father's soul."
My late mother loved hearing me singing a lot.
My laughter always erupts at the most inappropriate moments.
My laughter is so intense that my stomach hurts!
My lawn is being overrun with dandelions.
My lawn mower is broken.
My lawyer appealed.
My lawyer didn't do his job.
My lawyer has advised me to cooperate.
My lawyer has been calling.
My lawyer is on his way.
My lawyer told me it was legal to do that.
My lawyer told me it was legal.
My lawyer told me not to say anything.
My lawyer told me that I should plead guilty.
My lawyer will provide me with guidance on the best course of action to take.
My lawyer's talking to the prosecutor.
My lawyers are going to take care of Sami.
My lawyers didn't want me to testify.
My lawyers said I should meet with you.
My least favorite season is mud season.
My leaving early made them feel sorry.
My lecture will be next Saturday, November 29, 2014, at 10:30 a.m.
My lecturer said that a good knowledge of numerical analysis, stochastic calculus and C++ programming is important for a job in banking.
My left arm hurts.
My left arm is asleep.
My left arm is tingling.
My left arm isn't so strong.
My left arm was badly burned.
My left boot has lost its heel.
My left boot is missing its heel.
My left ear lobe is swollen.
My left eye is bad.
My left eyelid is twitching.
My left foot has gone to sleep.
My left foot hurts.
My left foot is asleep.
My left foot just fell asleep.
My left hand fell asleep.
My left hand hurts.
My left hand is numb.
My left heel is inflamed.
My left knee hurts.
My left leg hurts.
My left leg is broken.
My left leg is bruised.
My left rear tire has a slow leak.
My left shoe is missing.
My left shoulder hurts.
My leg cramped up as I ran down the stairs to catch a train, and I had to sit down right there in the middle of the stairway.
My leg fell asleep because I sat weirdly.
My leg got hurt while playing football.
My leg got hurt, so I could not walk.
My leg got stuck.
My leg had to be amputated.
My leg hurts now.
My leg hurts.
My leg is aching.
My leg is broken.
My leg is broken. I can't move.
My leg is fine now.
My leg is numb.
My leg is still asleep.
My leg is still hurting.
My leg itches.
My leg itches. I think something bit me.
My leg was bitten by that dog.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
My leg was broken.
My leg's gone to sleep, so I don't think I can stand up right away.
My leg's gone to sleep, so whatever you do, don't touch my leg now.
My leg's still asleep.
My legal name is Tom Jackson.
My legs ache from sitting on tatami.
My legs ache from sitting.
My legs ached after the long walk.
My legs are as heavy as lead.
My legs are begging for a break now.
My legs are cramped.
My legs are fine.
My legs are freakishly strong.
My legs are full of hair; I'm going to have to get waxed.
My legs are getting better day by day.
My legs are getting numb.
My legs are hurting.
My legs are killing me.
My legs are much too short.
My legs are numb.
My legs are paining.
My legs are shorter than yours.
My legs are smaller than yours.
My legs are sore from walking all day.
My legs are sore from working all day.
My legs are sore.
My legs are stiff.
My legs are still shaking.
My legs are still wobbly.
My legs are stuck to these vinyl seats.
My legs are swollen.
My legs are tired.
My legs are weak.
My legs aren't as long as yours.
My legs didn't work.
My legs failed me then.
My legs feel heavy as lead.
My legs feel heavy.
My legs feel like Jell-O.
My legs feel weak!
My legs felt like jelly.
My legs felt limp.
My legs gave out on me.
My legs have fallen asleep.
My legs hurt a lot.
My legs hurt after the long walk.
My legs hurt because I walked a lot today.
My legs hurt.
My legs still hurt.
My legs were covered with leeches.
My legs were leaden from fatigue.
My legs were shaking.
My leg’s gone to sleep, so I don’t think I can stand up right away.
My leg’s gone to sleep, so whatever you do, don’t touch my leg now.
My letter made Susie angry.
My letter must have gone astray in the mail.
My letter should have reached him about this time.
My letter went unheeded.
My letters haven't been sent yet.
My level 9 barbarian has been killed.
My level 9 barbarian has died.
My level in English is intermediate.
My level of Japanese is weak, so I can't write well.
My level of perfection is so unreachable for most people to achieve it.
My license has been revoked.
My license has been suspended.
My license has expired.
My license is still suspended.
My license was confiscated.
My liege is a man of many talents.
My life began to radically change.
My life changed radically.
My life changed that day.
My life changed, sparked by meeting Mr Matsukawa.
My life choices have led me down a different path.
My life could have been different.
My life could've been different.
My life couldn't be going any better.
My life couldn't be more perfect.
My life depended on it, since I had barely enough drinking water to last eight days.
My life depends on you.
My life does not belong to me.
My life doesn't belong to me.
My life doesn't make sense anymore.
My life doesn't reflect my ideal.
My life experiences enhanced my growth.
My life feels too predictable and tiring.
My life had no linguistic meaning... until the day I met Saeb.
My life has become a disaster.
My life has become a treadmill, and I need a break.
My life has become a wreck.
My life has been a long and structured journey.
My life has been changed by this book.
My life has been changed.
My life has been complicated.
My life has been good.
My life has been so complicated.
My life has changed completely.
My life has changed for the better.
My life has changed quite a lot.
My life has changed since I have known you.
My life has changed since I met her.
My life has changed since I met him.
My life has changed.
My life has had its ups and downs.
My life has improved since embracing Islam.
My life has improved.
My life has never been the same since I first met Tom.
My life hasn't been the same since I met Tom.
My life hasn't been the same since I met her.
My life hasn't been the same since I met him.
My life in Algeria is normal.
My life is a complete mess.
My life is a cul-de-sac.
My life is a disaster.
My life is a lie.
My life is a mess of numerous inchoate pursuits which I continuously delude myself into thinking I will complete.
My life is a mess.
My life is a mistake.
My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.
My life is a soap opera.
My life is a total disaster.
My life is a voyage of discovery.
My life is about perfect.
My life is almost over.
My life is already perfect.
My life is an open book.
My life is at a critical point right now.
My life is back to normal.
My life is better without her.
My life is boring.
My life is changing for the better.
My life is chaos.
My life is comfortable, but unsatisfying.
My life is coming to an end.
My life is complete.
My life is complicated.
My life is different now.
My life is dominated by fear.
My life is easy.
My life is empty without Mary.
My life is empty without Tom.
My life is empty without him.
My life is empty without you.
My life is falling apart.
My life is far from perfect.
My life is filled with endless possibilities.
My life is full of regret.
My life is full of regrets.
My life is fun and exciting.
My life is going swimmingly.
My life is going well.
My life is half over.
My life is here.
My life is hollow without him.
My life is in danger.
My life is in your hands.
My life is incomplete without you.
My life is killing me.
My life is kind of complicated.
My life is like a fairy tale.
My life is like a sick joke.
My life is like a test I haven't studied for.
My life is like a test that I haven't studied for.
My life is like an exam, for which I did not study. Leading this infamous life, where I will end up, I do not know.
My life is like water that has passed the mill; it turns no wheel.
My life is linked to you.
My life is meaningless without you.
My life is moving along really well.
My life is not cool.
My life is not milk and honey.
My life is nothing without you.
My life is over!
My life is over.
My life is perfect right now.
My life is perfect right now. I don't want anything to change.
My life is perfect.
My life is perfectly fulfilled.
My life is pretty nice, and I intend to make sure it stays that way.
My life is really complicated.
My life is ruined.
My life is so boring.
My life is so complicated.
My life is so hard.
My life is so much more meaningful because of you in it.
My life is such a mess.
My life is terrible.
My life is totally different now.
My life is very complicated.
My life is very difficult to manage.
My life is very happy.
My life is yours.
My life isn't the same without you by my side.
My life isn't the same without you.
My life isn't worth living.
My life isn’t your problem.
My life revolves around food.
My life revolves around my own thoughts.
My life seems meaningless.
My life seems to have followed a preordained path.
My life seems unreal.
My life slowly slid into a hole.
My life sucks.
My life turned into a dark and shapeless living hell.
My life was a mess.
My life was a wreck.
My life was an empty box.
My life was getting complicated.
My life was in danger.
My life was never the same after that.
My life was not easy.
My life was poor and miserable.
My life was shattered.
My life was simpler when I was young.
My life was very different.
My life was worthless.
My life will not be complete until I buy a 1965 Matra-Dubonnet Djet 5b sports car.
My life would be completely empty without you.
My life would be meaningless without you.
My life would be really different if I hadn't done that.
My life would be so different now if I hadn't done that.
My life would be so different now if I'd gone to college.
My life would be useless without you.
My life would be very dull without books.
My life would have been completely empty without you.
My life would probably have been hugely different if I had been born a month later.
My life would probably have been quite different if I had been born a month later.
My life would probably have been quite different if I'd been born a month later.
My life would've been easier if I'd never left Boston.
My life would've been easier if I'd never married Tom.
My life would've been easier if I'd never met Tom.
My life would've been much different if I'd had brothers.
My life wouldn't been easier if I'd stayed in Boston.
My life's a contradiction.
My life's an open book.
My life's at stake.
My life's been good.
My life, my rules.
My life, which used to be beautiful, turned into something sad. The star's light went out the moment you left.
My life.
My lifestyle is a personal choice.
My lifestyle is very demanding.
My lights are on full beam.
My linguistic life is mainly like a swinging pendulum. On the Dark Side, there are Lojban, Japanese, and Tagalog. On the Light Side, there are Esperanto, Spanish, and French. Whoosh! Whoosh!
My lip split.
My lips are chapped.
My lips are dry. I need lip balm immediately.
My lips are sealed.
My lips often get chapped in the winter.
My lips quivered when he touched me between my thighs.
My lips were blue.
My list has thirty names.
My list hasn't changed.
My list is quite long.
My list of villains is getting shorter with every day I get older, and my register of fools more complete and longer.
My literature course interests me a lot.
My little Pinocchio, my dear little Pinocchio! How did you burn your feet?
My little Vasilissa, my dear daughter, listen to what I say, remember well my last words and fail not to carry out my wishes. I am dying, and with my blessing, I leave to thee this little doll. It is very precious for there is no other like it in the whole world. Carry it always about with thee in thy pocket and never show it to anyone. When evil threatens thee or sorrow befalls thee, go into a corner, take it from thy pocket and give it something to eat and drink. It will eat and drink a little, and then thou mayest tell it thy trouble and ask its advice, and it will tell thee how to act in thy time of need.
My little boy gave me his hand.
My little brother accepted Islam.
My little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear.
My little brother and I are the same height.
My little brother asked for some money.
My little brother asked me for money.
My little brother attends primary school.
My little brother can hardly swim.
My little brother can read English.
My little brother can scarcely swim yet.
My little brother cries whenever our parents go out to do something and leave us with our grandparents.
My little brother did it, not me.
My little brother drew it.
My little brother drew this.
My little brother gets delirious when he's sleepy. He says the weirdest things.
My little brother gets delirious when he’s sleepy. He says the weirdest things.
My little brother goes to an elementary school.
My little brother goes to primary school.
My little brother got hurt in an accident.
My little brother is 9 years old.
My little brother is adorable.
My little brother is at primary school.
My little brother is still a kindergartner.
My little brother is twelve.
My little brother is twenty.
My little brother is watching TV.
My little brother is watching television.
My little brother likes to make trouble at school.
My little brother lost his German book yesterday.
My little brother never helps around the house.
My little brother never helps out at home.
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.
My little brother really likes a game in which you put animals in their natural habitat.
My little brother says that he had a dreadful dream last night.
My little brother screams loud.
My little brother struggles with social difficulties.
My little brother talks real fast.
My little brother wanted to read that comic you lent me the other day, so I'll be returning it after he's done.
My little brother wants to read the manga I lent you the other day, so give it back when you're done.
My little brother was injured in the accident.
My little brother was jealous of the kids from grade 3 because they went on a school trip. His class is not going.
My little car doesn't need much gas.
My little daughter likes to sit on my shoulders.
My little daughter's height is one meter.
My little finger hurts.
My little finger is swollen.
My little jokes are not to his taste.
My little sister always tries to get a rise out of me but never succeeds.
My little sister and I used to play tag a lot. We would chase each other, and the one chasing would try to tag the one being chased and yell: "You're it!"
My little sister and I used to play tag a lot. We would chase each other, and the one chasing would try to tag the one being chased and yell: "You’re it!"
My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
My little sister can read books well now.
My little sister carefully tiptoed through the tulips.
My little sister couldn't be this pretty.
My little sister did all the exercises and went to sleep.
My little sister didn't help me.
My little sister doesn't like the taste of cottage cheese.
My little sister goes to nursery school.
My little sister goes very slowly.
My little sister has a bunny.
My little sister has been suffering from a toothache since last night.
My little sister has been suffering with a toothache since last night.
My little sister holds her lantern tightly.
My little sister is 4 years old.
My little sister is a bit lazy.
My little sister is adorable.
My little sister is crying like a child.
My little sister is kind of lazy.
My little sister is scared of all doctors.
My little sister looks a lot like Mom.
My little sister looks like my mum.
My little sister painted a picture of a snowman.
My little sister plays with Lego.
My little sister sometimes wished she was a boy.
My little sister sure knows how to push my buttons.
My little sister took my hand when we crossed the street.
My little sister wants to kill me.
My little sister was excited to see the waterfowl.
My little sister wishes that she could go to the same class as me.
My little sister's hobby is designing icons on the web, and she distributes them free of charge on her website whenever she finds the free time to do so.
My little son can drive a car.
My little son is learning to talk.
My little son is terrified of the dark. We always leave a light on in his room at night.
My little son's fond of crocodiles.
My little toe hurts.
My liver is heavily damaged.
My liver is no longer able to dispose of toxic substances.
My liver is sore.
My living expense is rising year by year.
My living room has wide windows.
My living standards are as low as it gets.
My lizard is losing hair.
My loan request was turned down.
My locality is a nexus for occidental and oriental interplay, which is abundant in emotional undulations.
My locker partner has made our locker very messy.
My long cherished dream finally came true.
My long-term memory is excellent, but my short-term memory is appalling — sorry, did I tell you that already?
My longest romantic relationship lasted four months.
My longing for you is killing me!
My looks got me places.
My lord. Thou didst ask thy servants the first time: Have you a father or a brother.
My love costs nothing.
My love doesn't cost anything.
My love feelings towards him became weaker and weaker over the course of the passing weeks.
My love feelings towards slowly grew stronger and stronger over time.
My love feelings weakened increasingly over the past six months towards him.
My love for her is true.
My love for her keeps growing.
My love for him has already cooled.
My love for irony is growing by the minute.
My love for languages sparked it all.
My love for my dog was very deep.
My love for napping is unparalleled.
My love for you comes from a clear heart.
My love for you has turned to hatred.
My love for you is as strong as ever.
My love for you is deeper than the ocean.
My love for you is growing.
My love for you is hard to explain.
My love for you is immense.
My love for you is infinitesimal.
My love for you is much too strong.
My love for you won't let me tell you everything. Some things are better left unsaid.
My love for you won’t let me tell you everything. Some things are better left unsaid.
My love has gone far away.
My love is as deep as the ocean.
My love is eternal.
My love is like a red, red rose.
My love is like a spring among the hills whose brimming waters may not be confined, but pour one torrent through the ways that wind down to a garden; there the rose distills its nectar; there a tall, white lily fills night with anointing of two lovers, blind, dumb, deaf, of body, spirit, and of mind from breathless blending of far-sundered wills.
My love is true.
My love life sucks.
My love story was too lovely to end in such a way.
My love went by and the tomatoes withered.
My love!
My love, I intend to look up a restaurant, in case the meal isn't ready by seven.
My love, I prepared you a romantic candlelit dinner.
My love, I would do anything to make you happy.
My love, I'm making a chili pie for your mother.
My love, I've finished cooking the food.
My love, I’ve finished cooking the food.
My love, if the food isn't ready by seven o'clock, I'm going to go to the restaurant.
My love, if the food isn’t ready by seven o’clock, I’m going to go to the restaurant.
My love, we need to wed.
My love, you mustn't get down. You will see that ours will only be a temporary separation, even if very painful for both of us.
My lover and I are one.
My lover doesn't love me.
My lover doesn’t love me.
My lover is Chinese.
My lover is great at cooking.
My lover promises he will visit me tomorrow.
My lover works as an au pair in Italy.
My lover works at a language school and loves it very much.
My low income prevents me from enjoying simple pleasures or engaging in leisure activities.
My lower abdomen feels bloated.
My lower left back tooth hurts.
My luck and my income depend heavily on my art of dealing with people.
My luck has abandoned me.
My luck has awakened.
My luck has changed.
My luck has died.
My luck is turning from bad to worse.
My luggage didn't arrive. What happened?
My luggage didn’t arrive. What happened?
My luggage got lost.
My luggage has arrived.
My luggage has been damaged.
My luggage has been lost or else they have put it on another airplane.
My luggage has been stolen.
My luggage has just arrived.
My luggage hasn't arrived yet.
My luggage is in the boot.
My luggage is missing.
My luggage is ready.
My luggage was insured.
My luggage was waiting for me.
My lunch break's almost over.
My lunch exploded in the microwave.
My lunch has mold in it.
My lunch was an apple and pears and pomegranate.
My lungs are congested.
My lungs are sick.
My lungs hurt.
My lungs were screaming for air.
My machine that prints money is broken.
My magic can turn water into wine.
My maid is amazing.
My maid waxes my house once a week.
My mailbox has been empty since last month.
My mailbox is full.
My mailing address is 920 Broadway.
My main concern is that we'll run out of money before we can finish this project.
My main interest is popularizing Esperanto.
My main occupation is translating sentences from Portuguese to other languages and vice versa.
My main qualm about the English language is its unmathematical and awkward orthography.
My major concern is that Tom won't like it here.
My major is agriculture.
My major is chemistry.
My major is comparative religion.
My major is economics.
My major is electrical engineering.
My major is linguistics.
My major is medieval European history.
My major points of interest are: programming in Python, medicine, mathematics and computer games.
My major preoccupation is the question, 'What is reality?'
My makeup has washed off.
My makeup is a mess.
My makeup was ruined.
My mama always said: "life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
My manager has decided that I have to work on Sundays as well.
My manager texted me over the weekend, but I didn't text her back.
My mandolin teacher has continued our lessons over Zoom.
My mandolin was stolen.
My manliness came into question when I started to like the colour pink.
My manner had convinced them.
My mare foaled.
My mare is bay in color.
My mare is white.
My mark for the English examination was close to the average mark of the class.
My marks are above average.
My marks at school were average.
My marks have got better since the first term.
My marks have improved since the first term.
My marks were average.
My marriage is in perfect condition.
My marriage is over.
My marriage is the same. It's been on the rocks for ages.
My mask smells like barbecue sauce.
My master inflicted hard work on me.
My master is living a life free from worldly cares.
My matches got wet and I couldn't start a fire.
My mate became a physicist.
My maternal aunt brought me up after my parents died in a plane crash.
My maternal grandfather raised hens and sold the eggs to his wife and children.
My maternal grandfather was Asturian.
My maternal grandfather was a murderer.
My maternal grandmother doesn't have teeth.
My maternal grandmother is my mother's mother.
My maternal grandmother lives in Kabylie.
My maternal grandmother persists in wearing that old-fashioned dress.
My maternal grandmother was born in Australia.
My maternal grandmother was one of the greatest women I've ever known in my life.
My math error is on purpose.
My math is a little rusty.
My math teacher can grade each of our tests within fifteen seconds.
My math teacher has over a hundred ties in his closet.
My math teacher hated me.
My math teacher is amazing.
My math teacher was a perv.
My math teacher was a pervert.
My mathematics grades in high school were shameful.
My maths is a bit rusty.
My maths professor suffers from insomnia.
My maths teacher suffers from insomnia.
My meals are prepared by my mother.
My mean side is silently raging on deep inside me.
My mean side often goes undetected in social gatherings.
My mean still always lies still beneath it all.
My medical bills completely cleaned me out. All the money I had saved is gone now.
My meeting Tom was purely accidental.
My meeting her at the station was a pure accident.
My meeting her was purely accidental.
My membership at the gym is for one year.
My memories of Tom are fading.
My memories of her are fading.
My memory card reader displays an error message.
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.
My memory failed me. I just couldn't remember his name.
My memory failed me. I just couldn’t remember his name.
My memory is blank on the subject.
My memory is failing.
My memory is failing; I can never seem to remember even the simplest of instructions.
My memory is hazy here.
My memory is not what it used to be.
My memory is slow.
My memory is terrible.
My memory is weak, but there are things I can never forget.
My memory isn't what it used to be.
My memory of her has begun to recede.
My memory of that is still vivid.
My memory often fails me.
My memory was at fault.
My men are prepared to die.
My men aren't so weak as to give in that easily.
My menstrual cramps have been horrible lately.
My menstrual cycle is about every four weeks.
My menstrual cycle is irregular.
My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of the higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military.
My mental health deteriorated.
My mental health has been worse this year.
My mental instability can makes me do things you would never imagine someone would be capable of doing.
My mental sickness is complicating my life far more than what I'd like to admit, but I'm always finding new ways to keep on making it easier to deal with by meditating as an example.
My mental sickness is giving me a hard time in life but I'm courageously fighting through it and I'm battling hard through it with great courage.
My mental sickness is making my love life a living hell, but I'm working on it to make things easier on me.
My mental strongness is unbeatable.
My mentor was Tom Jackson.
My message is important to young people.
My mestiza mother thinks that her face does not look Mongoloid enough, but too Caucasoid. She feels uneasy.
My method displayed a different spirit.
My method is better than yours.
My method is surprisingly simple, but highly effective.
My method is surprisingly simple, but the impact is big.
My method of learning new words is simple: every morning I learn five new words. At first I review them before going to bed, then in three days, then in a week, in a month, in three months, and finally in six months.
My mic was off.
My microphone is a dark pinkish color.
My microphone was off.
My microscope was stolen.
My microwave is acting up. I think I'd rather get a new one than repair this one.
My microwave is acting up. I think I’d rather get a new one than repair this one.
My middle name is Tom.
My middle name isn't Tom.
My midterms exams are coming up soon.
My military instructor was a guy of the special forces.
My milk, cold, please.
My milk, please.
My miller sent me several kilos of flour.
My mind about spirituality oscillates between Syncretism and Lojbanism. My Syncretism deals with Animisms as Daoism, Shintō, Native-world Animism, and so forth, as well as Buddhism and Hinduism, but I do not discount Xtian-type ideas from Jehovah's Witnesses, Gnosticism, and my birth religion, Roman Catholicism. My Lojbanism entails the study of Lojban and the practice in expressing spirituality in it, either by writing or making soliloquies.
My mind always teems with ideas.
My mind began to wander again.
My mind brings me to speak of forms changed into bodies new.
My mind comes straight from hell.
My mind constantly tells me that I am not doing things as well as I could do them.
My mind could not believe what my eyes were seeing.
My mind doesn't work well when it's hot.
My mind had been too much excited by all that had occurred, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. Every time that I closed my eyes I saw before me the distorted baboon-like countenance of the murdered man.
My mind has already all the answers.
My mind is a blank.
My mind is a constant generator of new concepts, solutions, and creative possibilities.
My mind is all tangled up.
My mind is already elsewhere.
My mind is always active in Algeria.
My mind is always on high alert, and I don't seem to be able to relax.
My mind is always on.
My mind is as bright and clean as a stainless mirror.
My mind is at ease believing you'll keep the secret.
My mind is at ease believing you’ll keep the secret.
My mind is clear today, thanks to all of yesterday's sleeping.
My mind is constantly straying and I find it difficult to focus on anything.
My mind is dying for some company right now so I'm going to join a group of people to find human warmth.
My mind is elsewhere.
My mind is filled with a jumble of conflicting thoughts.
My mind is in a state of chaos.
My mind is like a vast rubbish heap that covers some buried city; if I dig hard enough I uncover priceless treasures, temples, statues, long colonnades leading to forgotten altars where once the sacred fire burned.
My mind is made up! Please, do not confuse me with facts.
My mind is made up.
My mind is not what it used to be.
My mind is quite accustomed to reading music, but deciphering secret codes is not its forte.
My mind is quite made up.
My mind is so complex that you can't put a name of my thoughts crossing my mind and others can't read my thoughts, my mind is unreadable.
My mind is so powerful that it pushes me to be the greatest human being on this planet without me wanting to.
My mind is so sick.
My mind is too busy with overwhelming thoughts crossing it.
My mind is tormented.
My mind is torn and undecided.
My mind is torn.
My mind keeps wandering.
My mind kept recalling what had happened.
My mind knew the truth, but my heart wouldn't accept it yet.
My mind must be playing tricks on me.
My mind needs to be in constant mental activity.
My mind races with possibilities.
My mind slowly lost its grip on reality.
My mind started racing.
My mind wandered.
My mind was blank.
My mind was elsewhere.
My mind was in a haze after drinking so much.
My mind was instantly filled with suspicion.
My mind was racing.
My mind wasn't thinking straight anymore.
My mind went blank when I saw her.
My mind went blank.
My mind went completely blank.
My mind's barely working.
My mind's gone blank.
My mind's made up.
My minds needs to be constantly busy or else I'm losing my mental stability.
My ministers have my full trust.
My minivan is still getting me to work.
My mirror broke.
My miserableness overwhelms.
My mission is of critical importance.
My mission is to help people achieve their dreams.
My mission is to influence positively.
My mission is to photograph the documents.
My mistake cost me my fortune.
My mistake incurred his anger.
My mistake was doing what Tom asked.
My mistake was responding.
My mistake was to believe Tom.
My mistake!
My mistake.
My mittens got stolen.
My mobile doesn't have any reception.
My mobile doesn't work abroad, unfortunately.
My mobile fell into the loo, but I fished it out.
My mobile fell into the loo, but I've fished it out again.
My mobile has been stolen.
My mobile hasn't got a signal.
My mobile hasn't got any signal.
My mobile is ringing.
My mobile is useless in this dead zone.
My mobile packed up yesterday.
My mobile phone charger doesn't work.
My mobile phone doesn't pick up a signal.
My mobile phone doesn't work.
My mobile phone is broken.
My mobile phone is handy.
My mobile phone isn't working.
My mobile ran out of juice.
My mobile's not working.
My mole is bigger than yours.
My mole is getting bigger every day.
My mom advised me to take a walk for a change.
My mom always buys a bag of tortilla chips with a jar of salsa.
My mom always loved me.
My mom always says that she will visit me soon.
My mom always sings when she's cooking.
My mom and I are completely different.
My mom and I both hated our neighbor.
My mom and I miss my dad.
My mom and dad came to see me play today.
My mom baked cookies for me.
My mom became a widow when my dad passed away.
My mom believes I need to take breaks from my computer.
My mom bought me a new skirt.
My mom bought me a piano, and it arrived yesterday.
My mom bought me this shirt.
My mom bought me this toy when I was 8.
My mom bought me this toy when I was eight years old.
My mom bought this shirt for me.
My mom brought home the weirdest-shaped squash today.
My mom brought me a present.
My mom brought me into the world.
My mom called from Kabylie last night.
My mom came back from the store.
My mom comes from Ireland.
My mom cooked coconut taro root with fried salami; I gobbled it down and I devoured the fried salami as well with pleasure.
My mom cooked delicious meals all day long for the party.
My mom cooks for me.
My mom cooks the best food in the world!
My mom did not see the young boy on the street.
My mom did the same thing.
My mom died last year.
My mom disapproves of him.
My mom doesn't buy pork.
My mom doesn't care how well I do at school.
My mom doesn't have any baby pictures of me.
My mom doesn't let me talk to strangers.
My mom doesn't like animals.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
My mom doesn't want me hanging out with people like that.
My mom doesn't want me to play with you.
My mom doesn’t like to complain.
My mom doesn’t speak English very well.
My mom doesn’t want me to eat dried fruit.
My mom forgot to add salt to the salad.
My mom found out that I skipped school.
My mom gave me RM100 to buy necessities.
My mom gave me a HydroFlask that was left long ago by a student from the school where she works, so she wouldn't have to buy one at full price.
My mom gave me what I wanted for lunch.
My mom gets out of bed before me.
My mom gets up early every morning.
My mom got mad and yelled at me.
My mom got scared.
My mom grew up in a real cowtown in eastern Washington called Moses Lake.
My mom grew up very poor.
My mom had specified the chores that each one of us had to do.
My mom had to lend me her keys.
My mom has her hair in a bun.
My mom has psychic powers.
My mom has to do the washing this afternoon.
My mom helps me a lot.
My mom hid my jacket.
My mom is Swedish and my dad is Algerian.
My mom is a left-winger.
My mom is a leftist.
My mom is a lefty.
My mom is a secretary.
My mom is a teacher, too.
My mom is an excellent cook.
My mom is asking why you don't visit us.
My mom is asleep, and I don't want to wake her up.
My mom is coming over today.
My mom is cooking fish for dinner.
My mom is cooking in the kitchen.
My mom is fond of my friend, my dad isn't.
My mom is fond of my friend.
My mom is going to kill me.
My mom is going to roast a chicken for dinner tonight.
My mom is going to watch my kids for me.
My mom is in the kitchen.
My mom is into canning.
My mom is left-handed.
My mom is making a cake.
My mom is near.
My mom is older than my dad.
My mom is overprotective.
My mom is part Kabyle and my dad is part Jordanian.
My mom is part Kabyle and my father is part Arab from Jordan.
My mom is partial towards my brother. For example, yesterday she gave him an extra cookie.
My mom is proud of me.
My mom is sleeping.
My mom is so hypocritical.
My mom is terrified at the music I listen to, and I don't know why, because I could spend my entire life listening to the songs I like most.
My mom is the best cook in the world!
My mom is the best in the world!
My mom is the best mom in the world!
My mom is the best!
My mom is the most beautiful woman in the world!
My mom is the one who will wear it and the one to be asked.
My mom is the one who's going to wear it and the one I should ask.
My mom is two years younger than my dad.
My mom is worried.
My mom just started working towards her master's degree, even though she got her bachelor's in Mexico twenty years ago.
My mom kept fixing up my hair.
My mom left for work.
My mom let me play with her pumps.
My mom likes my brother more than me.
My mom likes my sister more than me.
My mom likes to cook.
My mom lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
My mom looked funny with a mud mask on her face and rollers in her hair.
My mom looked strange with a clay mask on her face and curlers in her hair.
My mom loves me, my mom spoils me, and I love and spoil my mom.
My mom made cakes to sell.
My mom made it for me.
My mom made me get a job against my will.
My mom made me stay home.
My mom made some yummy breakfast.
My mom made this quilt for me.
My mom makes me some coffee and then I leave in time to catch the bus.
My mom married my dad in the 80s.
My mom married my dad in the 90s.
My mom married my dad in the eighties.
My mom married my dad in the nineties.
My mom married young.
My mom mixes decaf with regular coffee.
My mom must be worried.
My mom never gives me enough pocket money, so I keep having to ask her for money whenever I want to go out.
My mom never loved me.
My mom never wanted us to move to Kabylie, Algeria.
My mom packed our suitcases.
My mom passed away a few months ago.
My mom passed away.
My mom raised me to treat all people with respect, regardless of our differences.
My mom realized I'd have difficulties.
My mom really used to like telling anecdotes.
My mom really used to like telling funny stories.
My mom really wanted me to become a doctor.
My mom remarried.
My mom reminds me that I can't be on my computer all day.
My mom says I can't.
My mom says I should find other activities besides the computer.
My mom says I shouldn't spend all day in front of my computer.
My mom says I'm pretty.
My mom says I'm smart.
My mom says hi.
My mom says she can't speak French, but she's just being modest.
My mom says that she regrets having me.
My mom says to put aloe on a burn, but there's no science to back that up. It's a myth.
My mom spoke with the school superintendent.
My mom still calls me Tom.
My mom still looks a lot younger than her age.
My mom talks about you all the time.
My mom taught me how to cook.
My mom taught me how to do it.
My mom tells me it's not good to be at my computer all day.
My mom thinks I'm smart.
My mom thinks the doctor is a quack.
My mom thought I might not develop normally.
My mom thought I'd be a football player.
My mom told me not to get into trouble.
My mom told me that I was fat.
My mom told me that I'm fat.
My mom told me the same thing.
My mom told me to clean my room.
My mom told me to go to the market.
My mom tried to help me at first, but then she gave up in no time.
My mom used to tease me all the time about it.
My mom uses my dad's old shirt as a cleaning rag.
My mom usually has toast and a glass of milk for breakfast.
My mom walked barefoot on the snow.
My mom walked into my room.
My mom wants me to get married in her wedding dress.
My mom wants me to study in Australia.
My mom wants me to study in Switzerland.
My mom wants me to wear her wedding dress.
My mom was a hero.
My mom was a heroine.
My mom was a schoolteacher.
My mom was a wonderful woman.
My mom was aware I could encounter problems.
My mom was in a beauty salon.
My mom was killed by a drunk driver.
My mom was sick, so I took care of her.
My mom was very strict, too.
My mom was very worried.
My mom washed all my clothes.
My mom went collecting toe-biters.
My mom will babysit.
My mom will be happy to see you.
My mom will be making ten batches of chocolate chip cookies for tomorrow's party.
My mom will be proud of me.
My mom will freak out.
My mom will kill me if she finds out.
My mom will kill me.
My mom won't be happy to see you.
My mom won't let me.
My mom worked in a retirement home.
My mom works in a factory.
My mom worries all the time.
My mom would like to meet you.
My mom wrapped me in the warmest clothes she could find.
My mom yells at me all the time for no reason.
My mom's a saleswoman.
My mom's dress is beige.
My mom's making lunch.
My mom's mom is my grandma.
My mom's pies are obviously the best.
My mom's pies are the best, without a doubt.
My mom's sister doesn't have any baby pictures of her own daughter.
My mom's sister doesn't have any baby pictures of my mom.
My mom's the greatest.
My mommy and daddy will love me no matter what.
My mommy and daddy won't forget me.
My mommy went outside.
My money came in.
My money got stolen.
My money has been stolen.
My money is all gone.
My money is in my wallet.
My money is missing.
My money is my money.
My money is running low.
My money seems to disappear by the end of the month.
My money was stolen by a thief.
My money was stolen last night.
My money was stolen.
My money's been stolen.
My monitor isn't capable of 4K.
My monkey ran away!
My monthly salary is 300,000 yen.
My monthly wage is 300,000 yen.
My mood can change quickly.
My mood depends totally on the weather.
My mood drops when winter arrives.
My mood is shot.
My moped was nicked.
My moped was stolen.
My moral values don't depend on religion.
My morning is clear.
My mosquito bite itches.
My mosquito bites are itching. Do you have anything I can put on them?
My most favorite style of music is pop music.
My most grievous fault.
My most interesting Canadian friend is Tom.
My most interesting Canadian friends are Tom and Mary.
My most interesting friend is Jessie.
My most recent hobby is contributing to Tatoeba.
My most striking physical trait is my beautiful long nose, it's the most perceptible and visible physical part of my whole body.
My mother - their mother's sister.
My mother abandoned me as soon as I was born.
My mother acquired her knowledge of English in the United States.
My mother advised me to see the dentist.
My mother advised me to take a walk for a change.
My mother advises me against sitting at my computer all day long.
My mother allowed me to go abroad.
My mother almost never complains.
My mother always buys at the drugstore.
My mother always comes here at home.
My mother always comes here when she can.
My mother always gets involved in my private life.
My mother always gets up earlier in the morning.
My mother always gets up early in the morning.
My mother always puts my sister before me.
My mother always said time was money.
My mother always said we have to make the best of what we have.
My mother always said, “It’s not what happens to you in life that matters, it’s how you deal with it.”
My mother always says she's going to visit me soon.
My mother always says, "You only have to study hard now."
My mother always set great store by golden milk.
My mother always sings as she cooks.
My mother always sniffs under her arms when it is hot and humid, to make sure her deodorant is working.
My mother always sticks her nose in my private business.
My mother always told me I would be able to do anything I wanted to do if I put my mind to it.
My mother always told me not to eat too fast.
My mother always told me that I should put money in the bank every month so I'd have enough money in case of an emergency.
My mother always used to say time was money.
My mother always wears a Kabyle dress.
My mother always wears a kimono at home.
My mother always wears lipstick.
My mother always worked hard.
My mother always worried about my future.
My mother and I are completely different.
My mother and I are different in every way.
My mother and I don’t have a happy relationship.
My mother and I were in the garden all afternoon.
My mother and I were in the garden.
My mother and I will go to the hospital.
My mother and even my father were born in Italy.
My mother and father are both from Boston.
My mother and father are sending me to Boston for the summer to visit my cousins.
My mother and father are the only people on the whole planet whom I will never begrudge a thing. Should I achieve great things, it is the work of their hands; they are splendid people and their absolute love of their children places them above the highest praise. It cloaks all of their shortcomings, shortcomings that may have resulted from a difficult life.
My mother and father aren't home right now.
My mother and father have a big farm there.
My mother and father met while they were both working in Australia.
My mother and father were both born in Boston.
My mother and my father are both teachers.
My mother and my father smoke, not me.
My mother anticipates all my desires.
My mother appears young for her age.
My mother approved my plan.
My mother asked me if I could fetch some milk.
My mother asked me not to feed the dog until after we had all eaten.
My mother asked me to keep her company during the weekend.
My mother asked me to set the table.
My mother asked me to shave off my beard.
My mother asked me what time I'd get back home.
My mother asked us why we'd done that.
My mother attached herself to a cooperative society.
My mother attempted to reconcile the couple.
My mother baked a birthday cake for me.
My mother baked a cake for my birthday.
My mother baked me a birthday cake.
My mother bakes bread and cookies on weekends.
My mother bakes bread every morning.
My mother bakes cakes.
My mother bakes cookies on Mondays.
My mother being ill, I couldn't go to the concert.
My mother being ill, I couldn’t go to the concert.
My mother being ill, I looked after her.
My mother being ill, I stayed home from school.
My mother believes in Christianity.
My mother believes that this doctor is a charlatan.
My mother blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
My mother boiled ten eggs.
My mother bought a loaf of bread.
My mother bought a new checkered hat, a print corset, a plaid midi skirt, a polka-dotted bag, a striped shirt, and a plain turquoise dress.
My mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered.
My mother bought me a bag.
My mother bought me a book.
My mother bought me a new bicycle.
My mother bought me a new dress.
My mother bought me a new skirt.
My mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
My mother bought me a pair of shoes.
My mother bought me a pretty dress this past Sunday.
My mother bought me the book.
My mother bought me two pairs of pants last Sunday.
My mother bought me two pairs of trousers last Sunday.
My mother bought me two pairs of trousers on Sunday.
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
My mother bought my little brother a yellow umbrella.
My mother bought my younger brother a yellow umbrella.
My mother bought some apples at a fruit store.
My mother bought some apples at the fruit shop.
My mother bought the book for me.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
My mother bought us a puppy.
My mother breastfed all her children.
My mother brought her up.
My mother brought him to my room.
My mother bundled me in the warmest clothes she could find.
My mother called from Kabylie last night.
My mother called me.
My mother called the doctor because I had a temperature.
My mother calls me Thomas, but everyone else calls me Tom.
My mother came but my father stayed at home.
My mother came, but my father stayed at home.
My mother came.
My mother can play golf very well.
My mother can't attend.
My mother can't come.
My mother can't drive a car at all.
My mother can't drive a car.
My mother can't read without glasses.
My mother can't ride a bicycle.
My mother cannot drive a car at all.
My mother cannot drive a car.
My mother cannot ride a bicycle.
My mother can’t attend.
My mother can’t come.
My mother can’t read without glasses.
My mother can’t ride a bicycle.
My mother carefully opened the door.
My mother cast me a stern look.
My mother caught a cold and couldn't smell.
My mother caught a cold and couldn’t smell.
My mother caught a terrible cold.
My mother caught the flu last week.
My mother cleans the room.
My mother comes here from time to time.
My mother comes to stay with us at least once a month.
My mother cooked a big turkey for Thanksgiving.
My mother cooked the potatoes very well.
My mother cooks better than I do.
My mother cooks for me.
My mother cooks fufu.
My mother cooks my meals for me.
My mother cooks skillfully.
My mother cooks well.
My mother could never fully open her heart to me so I never fully opened my own heart to anyone else.
My mother could speak five languages.
My mother couldn't stand the ticking of the clock that she kept on the mantel in our family home. Since she could never prove who had done it, winding it up was a way for me to exact revenge.
My mother covered the table before lunch.
My mother cut my hair too short.
My mother cut the cake.
My mother cut the cheese with a knife.
My mother did everything she could to reassure him.
My mother did nothing but weep.
My mother didn't bake me a birthday cake this year.
My mother didn't even bake me a birthday cake this year.
My mother didn't let me eat cake.
My mother didn't let me wear a miniskirt.
My mother didn't like dogs.
My mother didn't mention it.
My mother didn't see the boy on the street.
My mother didn't want me to be like that.
My mother didn’t let me wear a miniskirt.
My mother didn’t mention it.
My mother didn’t see the boy on the street.
My mother died during my absence.
My mother died in Australia in 2013.
My mother died last year.
My mother died of cancer two years ago.
My mother died on the same day I got married.
My mother died shortly after I was born.
My mother died the same day I got married.
My mother died when I was a child.
My mother died when I was a kid.
My mother died when I was born.
My mother died when I was just three months old.
My mother died when I was little.
My mother died when I was thirteen years old.
My mother died when I was thirteen.
My mother disapproves of too much exercise right after lunch.
My mother disliked caterpillars, not to mention snakes.
My mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
My mother divided the cake into three parts.
My mother does a laundry every day.
My mother does her usual shopping on her way home from work.
My mother does not always get up early.
My mother does not like television.
My mother does not like to watch the television.
My mother does not like watching the television.
My mother does not speak English.
My mother doesn't always get up early.
My mother doesn't care for our neighbor very much.
My mother doesn't concern herself with politics.
My mother doesn't do my laundry for me anymore.
My mother doesn't know anything.
My mother doesn't know how to cook modern food.
My mother doesn't know how to ride a bicycle.
My mother doesn't like animals.
My mother doesn't like me watching TV.
My mother doesn't like my room being untidy.
My mother doesn't like my watching TV.
My mother doesn't like that I drink and smoke weed.
My mother doesn't like that my room is messy.
My mother doesn't like the heat of summer.
My mother doesn't like the summer heat.
My mother doesn't like to watch TV.
My mother doesn't like watching TV.
My mother doesn't like wearing heels.
My mother doesn't speak English very well.
My mother doesn't speak French.
My mother doesn't speak much English.
My mother doesn't wake up early.
My mother doesn't want me to be a soldier, but my father thinks it would do me good.
My mother doesn't want me to go skating on the pond.
My mother doesn’t care for our neighbor very much.
My mother doesn’t like my room being untidy.
My mother doesn’t like my watching TV.
My mother doesn’t like that sales clerk.
My mother doesn’t like the heat of summer.
My mother doesn’t like the summer heat.
My mother doesn’t like this coffee.
My mother doesn’t like to watch TV.
My mother doesn’t like watching TV.
My mother doesn’t speak English very well.
My mother encourages me to limit my time in front of the computer.
My mother excused his mistake.
My mother faints every time she sees a mouse.
My mother fears for me.
My mother feeds the dog.
My mother feels better.
My mother finally approved of our plan.
My mother finally came home.
My mother finally has given in to my views.
My mother forgot to add salt to the salad.
My mother found me unconscious on the ground.
My mother from Malaysia thinks that those three horses are so-so.
My mother gave birth to me when she was sixteen years old.
My mother gave it to me.
My mother gave me a necklace made of beautiful blue chalcedony stones.
My mother gave me a pair of gloves of her own making.
My mother gave me a pearl necklace.
My mother gave me a sewing machine.
My mother gave me all the love I needed.
My mother gave me her sewing machine.
My mother gave me this flower for Easter two years ago.
My mother gave me this ring.
My mother gave me what I wanted for lunch.
My mother gazed at me fondly.
My mother gets along with my aunt.
My mother gets angry every single day.
My mother gets really angry every day.
My mother gets up an hour earlier than my father.
My mother gets up at six every morning.
My mother gets up earlier than I do.
My mother gets up earlier than I.
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else in my family.
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.
My mother gets up earlier than my father does.
My mother gets up earlier than my father.
My mother gets up early every morning.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
My mother gets up early.
My mother gets up the earliest every morning.
My mother gifted my grandmother some beautiful earrings.
My mother goes to the dentist every Monday to get her teeth fixed.
My mother goes to the hospital in the morning.
My mother goes to the market every day to buy things.
My mother got after me for my sloppiness.
My mother got custody of me.
My mother got injured, I need to be her carer.
My mother got married at the age of twenty.
My mother grew pale on hearing the news.
My mother grew up very poor.
My mother grows flowers in her garden.
My mother had a home business baking empanadas and empanaditas.
My mother had been cooking supper for two hours when I got home.
My mother had cooked supper when I got home.
My mother had just lost a child.
My mother had me at 16.
My mother had no choice but to part with her diamond ring.
My mother had none of the mod cons which are available to today's housewives.
My mother had seven sons and four daughters. She had five sisters.
My mother had thirteen children.
My mother had to patch my pants.
My mother had to patch my trousers.
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.
My mother has Parkinson's.
My mother has a big black phone.
My mother has a coffee shop.
My mother has a couple.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.
My mother has a driver’s license, but she doesn’t drive a car.
My mother has a driver’s license, but she doesn’t drive.
My mother has a driving licence, but she doesn't drive.
My mother has a kip every afternoon.
My mother has a laptop and a tablet.
My mother has a lot of work.
My mother has a notebook and a tablet.
My mother has a red apron.
My mother has a twin.
My mother has a will of steel.
My mother has arrived.
My mother has been calling.
My mother has been dead these ten years.
My mother has been dead these three years.
My mother has been in the hospital until recently.
My mother has been learning French for several years.
My mother has been sick for two days.
My mother has been sick since last month.
My mother has been taking French lessons for several years.
My mother has borne her sorrow admirably.
My mother has cooked ten eggs.
My mother has five more years than my father.
My mother has found a new recipe.
My mother has four brothers.
My mother has gone shopping.
My mother has gone to the beauty shop.
My mother has good handwriting.
My mother has gotten remarried.
My mother has hydrangeas on her balcony.
My mother has it in for me.
My mother has just gone shopping.
My mother has kept me hidden from the world all this time.
My mother has made me what I am today.
My mother has never seen me drunk.
My mother has never talked to your father before.
My mother has no wrinkles, as my family is neotenic.
My mother has not emailed or SMSed anyone in her life yet.
My mother has old-fashioned ideas.
My mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
My mother has sold everything that is dear to her.
My mother has straight hair and I have curly hair.
My mother has taught me not to waste money.
My mother has two brothers.
My mother has type 2 diabetes.
My mother has worked for most of her life.
My mother has worked most of her life.
My mother hasn't cooked dinner yet.
My mother hasn't slept in 3 days due to her illness.
My mother hasn’t slept in 3 days due to her illness.
My mother hated caterpillars, not to mention snakes.
My mother hates TV.
My mother hates it when I use expletives.
My mother hates summer heat.
My mother hates television.
My mother hates the summer heat.
My mother hates to watch television.
My mother hates to watch the television.
My mother hates to write letters.
My mother hates watching television.
My mother hates watching the television.
My mother hates writing letters.
My mother having passed away, may the title of woman fade.
My mother helped build the playground outside the school I attended.
My mother helped me pick out a pair of shoes.
My mother helps my father with the business.
My mother hummed to herself as she went about her cooking in the kitchen.
My mother insists that I should not go out after dark.
My mother insists that I shouldn't be glued to my computer all day.
My mother instincts are tingling.
My mother is Algerian.
My mother is Canadian.
My mother is French.
My mother is Greek.
My mother is Jewish and my father is Polish.
My mother is Russian.
My mother is a crazy woman.
My mother is a fantastic woman.
My mother is a good cook.
My mother is a good woman.
My mother is a high school teacher.
My mother is a kind soul.
My mother is a lawyer.
My mother is a little too overprotective.
My mother is a mechanic and she repairs cars.
My mother is a nurse.
My mother is a psychology teacher.
My mother is a sex worker.
My mother is a sister of their mother.
My mother is a sister of theirs.
My mother is a teacher, too.
My mother is a teacher.
My mother is a very good cook.
My mother is a very strange person.
My mother is a whiz on her Kindle.
My mother is a woman, my father is a man.
My mother is a woman.
My mother is active.
My mother is afraid of elevators.
My mother is afraid of lifts.
My mother is against smoking.
My mother is already dead.
My mother is already forty.
My mother is also a teacher.
My mother is always busy.
My mother is always complaining about me.
My mother is always finding fault with me.
My mother is always on the go.
My mother is always poking her nose into my private life.
My mother is always very cheerful in spite of poor health.
My mother is an alcoholic.
My mother is an architect.
My mother is an early riser.
My mother is angry.
My mother is anxious about my future.
My mother is arriving from the UK.
My mother is asleep and I don't want to wake her up.
My mother is at home every day.
My mother is at home.
My mother is awesome.
My mother is beautiful.
My mother is busy as a bee every day.
My mother is busy cooking dinner.
My mother is busy cooking supper.
My mother is busy in the kitchen.
My mother is busy planting flowers in the garden.
My mother is busy preparing supper.
My mother is called Lucy, she is British.
My mother is carefree, cheerful and good-natured.
My mother is certain to say no.
My mother is coming over tomorrow.
My mother is coming.
My mother is constantly forgetting people's names.
My mother is constantly forgetting people’s names.
My mother is cooking breakfast.
My mother is cooking for me.
My mother is cooking fufu.
My mother is cooking in the kitchen.
My mother is crazy.
My mother is currently watching French Television program.
My mother is dead too.
My mother is dead.
My mother is doing the shopping.
My mother is easily moved to tears.
My mother is eccentric.
My mother is feeding the dog.
My mother is fifty years old.
My mother is fine.
My mother is five years older than my father.
My mother is fond of fruit salads.
My mother is from Argentina.
My mother is from Benin. She is Beninese.
My mother is from Ireland.
My mother is from Kabylie.
My mother is funny in the head.
My mother is furious.
My mother is getting breakfast ready.
My mother is getting older.
My mother is going to Kabylie.
My mother is going to kill me.
My mother is good at cooking.
My mother is here.
My mother is home every day.
My mother is in a retirement home.
My mother is in hospital now.
My mother is in the hospital now.
My mother is in the kitchen.
My mother is indifferent to politics.
My mother is knitting me a new sweater.
My mother is laid up with a cold.
My mother is like a friend to me.
My mother is looking after my 3-year-old son.
My mother is loved by my father.
My mother is making a birthday cake for me.
My mother is making a cake for my father.
My mother is making a cake.
My mother is making breakfast.
My mother is making dinner.
My mother is making me a birthday cake.
My mother is making my father a cake.
My mother is making sandwiches for lunch.
My mother is making tea for us.
My mother is more nervous about the exam results than I am.
My mother is my grandmother.
My mother is my jewel.
My mother is never impatient with us.
My mother is not a man.
My mother is not a secretary.
My mother is not accustomed to hard work.
My mother is not always at home.
My mother is not at home.
My mother is not right in the head.
My mother is now crazy about tennis.
My mother is now in the kitchen cooking.
My mother is occupied with the sewing.
My mother is old but she looks very young.
My mother is older than my father.
My mother is older than yours.
My mother is on a banana diet.
My mother is on a diet.
My mother is on good terms with my aunt.
My mother is out there.
My mother is out.
My mother is outdoors.
My mother is outside.
My mother is over 80 years old.
My mother is overprotective of me.
My mother is preparing breakfast.
My mother is preparing dinner.
My mother is preparing lunch.
My mother is preparing supper.
My mother is proud of me.
My mother is quite angry.
My mother is reading a magazine.
My mother is really of the old school.
My mother is really proud that she was Miss Luzon of 1958, Luzon being the northern big Philippine island. It was a step towards Miss Philippines.
My mother is right.
My mother is said to have been beautiful when she was a girl.
My mother is seriously ill.
My mother is shopping.
My mother is sick in bed.
My mother is sick with a bad cold.
My mother is sick.
My mother is sleeping.
My mother is slicing the cake into eight pieces.
My mother is so proud of me.
My mother is still working in the kitchen.
My mother is strict about manners.
My mother is strict with manners.
My mother is strict, but my father isn't.
My mother is taller than yours.
My mother is the chieftain of this village and I will succeed her.
My mother is the first one to get up every morning.
My mother is the only one who sews clothes in our family.
My mother is the only one who understands me.
My mother is their mother's sister.
My mother is three years older than yours.
My mother is to arrive now. Would you like to stay until she arrives?
My mother is to meet with my homeroom teacher tomorrow.
My mother is two years younger than my father.
My mother is typical of her generation of women who didn't get much science education.
My mother is very busy just now.
My mother is very busy right now.
My mother is very dear to me.
My mother is very hard to please.
My mother is very pretty.
My mother is well off.
My mother is worried because my younger sister hasn't come home yet.
My mother is writing a letter now.
My mother is, without a doubt, the most important.
My mother isn't always at home.
My mother isn't at home.
My mother isn't like other mothers.
My mother isn't like the others.
My mother isn't strict, but my brother is.
My mother isn't very strict, but my father is.
My mother isn't wearing a life jacket.
My mother isn’t at home.
My mother just went shopping.
My mother knew I was going to be retarded.
My mother knows Tom's mother.
My mother knows how to make cakes.
My mother knows lots of riddles and tongue-twisters.
My mother laid the table.
My mother language is Rifain Tamazight.
My mother left 10 minutes ago.
My mother left home ten minutes ago.
My mother left me a message.
My mother likes cooking.
My mother likes our neighbors not too much.
My mother likes tea very much.
My mother likes the milk soup.
My mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister.
My mother likes you.
My mother lives a lonely life in the country.
My mother lives by herself.
My mother lives in Australia.
My mother lives in Dudelange.
My mother lives in Düdelingen.
My mother lives in a small village in Kosovo.
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
My mother looked up the history of coffee cups.
My mother looks after the plants well.
My mother looks young for her age.
My mother loved lilac bushes so I planted some outside her door.
My mother loved me unconditionally.
My mother loves cake.
My mother loves football.
My mother loves jewelry a lot.
My mother loves me.
My mother loves music.
My mother loves to eat cottage cheese.
My mother made a beautiful dress for me.
My mother made a birthday cake for me.
My mother made a complete recovery from neuralgia.
My mother made a doctor out of me.
My mother made a sweater for me.
My mother made all my clothes when I was young.
My mother made cookies this morning.
My mother made me a Christmas cake.
My mother made me a bag.
My mother made me a beautiful dress.
My mother made me a birthday cake.
My mother made me a coffee and then went out in time to catch the bus.
My mother made me a cute skirt.
My mother made me a homosexual. I was hoping she'd make me a jumper.
My mother made me a new dress.
My mother made me a new suit.
My mother made me a sweater.
My mother made me a white dress.
My mother made me become a doctor.
My mother made me clean the bathroom.
My mother made me cottage cheese pancakes when I was young.
My mother made me practice the piano every day when I was a kid.
My mother made me some new clothes.
My mother made me study for three hours last night.
My mother made me study.
My mother made me take some medicine.
My mother made me what I am today.
My mother made some new clothes.
My mother made up her face before she went out.
My mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
My mother made us some lunch.
My mother makes a cake.
My mother makes cakes.
My mother makes my bed every day after I leave for school. I make my own bed on weekends.
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.
My mother must be angry.
My mother nearly aborted me at my birth.
My mother nearly had an abortion when I was born.
My mother never drank, only my father.
My mother never drives for fear of causing an accident.
My mother never gets up early.
My mother never liked me.
My mother never punished me.
My mother never punishes me.
My mother never takes care of us.
My mother never taught me how to do laundry.
My mother never taught me how to do the laundry.
My mother never wanted to be just a housewife.
My mother noticed that my feet weren't clean.
My mother noticed that my feet weren’t clean.
My mother objected to my going to Australia.
My mother objected to my going to the Middle East.
My mother objected to my traveling alone.
My mother objected to my working part time.
My mother objects to smoking.
My mother often bakes apple pies for us.
My mother often bakes bread.
My mother often cooks.
My mother often gives pies to passers-by.
My mother often got angry with us.
My mother often makes pasta salad.
My mother often makes potato salad.
My mother often prepares us doughnuts for breakfast because we love them.
My mother often said that time is money.
My mother often sings when she's washing dishes.
My mother often slaps passers-by.
My mother often suffers from headaches.
My mother only had two children at the time.
My mother opened the door very carefully.
My mother packed my suitcase for me.
My mother passed away a few months ago.
My mother passed away recently.
My mother permitted me to go to the movies.
My mother placed a large vase on the shelf.
My mother planted daffodils in the garden.
My mother plays the piano well.
My mother prefers the arbitrary selection of the lottery machines over my lucky numbers.
My mother prepared breakfast.
My mother prepared lunch for me.
My mother prepared lunch for us.
My mother prepared me for the bad news.
My mother prepared our lunch.
My mother prepared us lunch.
My mother prepares my meals.
My mother purchased a handbag for me.
My mother purchased shoes for me.
My mother put a large vase on the shelf.
My mother put clean linen on my bed.
My mother put clean sheets on my bed.
My mother put clean sheets on the bed.
My mother put on makeup before going out.
My mother put the cake in the refrigerator.
My mother put the plates near the window.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
My mother puts cups in the kitchen cupboard.
My mother really likes cake.
My mother really loves tea.
My mother said I would've been good for politician I spoke so much. I just can't plausibly lie.
My mother said as soon as I finished my homework I could go out and play.
My mother said if I eloped, she would never forgive me.
My mother said it with a smile.
My mother said that I should come home.
My mother said that as soon as I finished my homework I could go out and play.
My mother said that she was all right.
My mother said that with a smile.
My mother said there was nothing I could do to completely prepare for parenthood.
My mother said to me, "Study."
My mother said we look like sisters in all of our pics!
My mother saved my life.
My mother says I am very handsome.
My mother says I am very intelligent.
My mother says I'm very handsome.
My mother says I'm very intelligent.
My mother says Japanese kids aren't naughty, but they live very far away, so Santa Claus doesn't bring them gifts. Thank goodness I was born in Spain.
My mother says Japanese kids aren’t naughty, but they live very far away, so Santa Claus doesn’t bring them gifts. Thank goodness I was born in Spain.
My mother says she doesn't find rock appealing.
My mother says she doesn’t find rock appealing.
My mother says that the child's illnesses are phony.
My mother says that the child’s illnesses are phony.
My mother scolded me for being late.
My mother scolded me.
My mother seldom watches TV at night.
My mother sent me a birthday present.
My mother sent me to a Moravian school because my father is a Moravian.
My mother sent us grapes packed in a box.
My mother set the table for dinner.
My mother set the table for lunch.
My mother set the table.
My mother signaled for Alice to follow her.
My mother signed up for the art course.
My mother silently listened to me.
My mother smothers me with her anxieties and worries.
My mother spanked me in front of my friends.
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English, so they usually speak to each other in French.
My mother speaks Kadazan better than my father speaks Dusun, so they usually speak to each other in Kadazan.
My mother speaks little English.
My mother speaks slowly.
My mother spends a lot of money on clothes.
My mother spoiled me with her treats.
My mother spoke Berber to me and my siblings.
My mother spoke about the time before.
My mother stays at home every day.
My mother still calls me Tom.
My mother still cooks couscous on the wood.
My mother stood for awhile, then sighed as she returned to her room.
My mother stopped her sewing and picked up her book.
My mother suffers from osteoporosis.
My mother suggested that I throw away some of the stuff in my closet.
My mother takes a bath every other day.
My mother takes a nap every afternoon.
My mother tasted the milk.
My mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt.
My mother taught me Berber.
My mother taught me how to cook.
My mother taught me how to make miso soup.
My mother taught me how to make osechi.
My mother taught me how to sew.
My mother taught me not to waste money.
My mother taught me that it's not polite to point.
My mother taught me that it’s not polite to point.
My mother taught me to always look both left and right before crossing the street.
My mother taught me to always look both to the left and to the right before crossing the street.
My mother teaches flower arranging.
My mother tells me I have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights.
My mother tells me not to study so hard.
My mother tells me to eat more vegetables.
My mother thinks I'm a liar.
My mother thinks of everything in terms of money.
My mother thinks that Esperanto is more like a plate of pierogies with a side of green salad.
My mother thinks that caesarian sections are dangerous.
My mother thinks that everything is a question of money.
My mother thinks that the doctor is a charlatan.
My mother told me I have to behave myself.
My mother told me I needed to eat less candy.
My mother told me I needed to eat more vegetables.
My mother told me a boy should never kiss a girl on the first date.
My mother told me not to be noisy.
My mother told me not to go out.
My mother told me not to study so hard.
My mother told me not to study so much.
My mother told me that I should come home.
My mother told me that Tom is my half-brother.
My mother told me that Tom is too old for me.
My mother told me that a boy should never kiss a girl on the first date.
My mother told me that if I masturbated, I'd go blind.
My mother told me that the only thing he could give me was a reputation.
My mother told me to behave myself.
My mother told me to buy butter, but I bought margarine instead.
My mother told me to clean my room.
My mother told me to clean the room.
My mother told me to come home.
My mother told me to do a careless job of it.
My mother told me to eat my vegetables.
My mother told me to mow the lawn.
My mother told me to put away the dishes.
My mother told me to throw away this old hat.
My mother told me why my father was so angry with me.
My mother told us an interesting story.
My mother tongue and my mother country's native language is Japanese.
My mother tongue in addition to my mother country's native language is Japanese.
My mother tongue is French.
My mother tongue is Hungarian.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
My mother tongue is Kabyle.
My mother tongue is Klingoranto, a mixture of Klingon and Esperanto.
My mother tongue is Luxembourgish.
My mother tongue is Polish.
My mother tongue is Russian therefore I can speak it for you.
My mother tongue is Slovak.
My mother tongue is Spanish.
My mother tongue is my father's.
My mother tongue is the most beautiful present that I received from my mother.
My mother took me to the park.
My mother took my temperature.
My mother took up weaving.
My mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.
My mother tried to encourage me to eat a healthier diet.
My mother tried to reconcile the couple.
My mother trusted no one.
My mother used my old down jacket to make a pillow.
My mother used to be into tennis.
My mother used to go to church every Sunday.
My mother used to love tennis.
My mother used to pick me up every day when I was at primary school.
My mother used to read me stories when I was a young kid.
My mother used to read stories to me when I was a young child.
My mother uses my father's old short as a dust rag.
My mother usually gets up before my father does.
My mother usually gets up before my father.
My mother usually goes shopping with me.
My mother usually relaxes and sleeps after lunch.
My mother usually speaks Tagalog at home, but she watches television in English, and when she has to read or write, she uses English. She is typical of her highly Americanized generation of Filipinos. My generation and thereafter are more nationalistic, becoming less Americanized.
My mother visits the dentist's every other day to get her teeth fixed.
My mother visits the dentist’s every other day to get her teeth fixed.
My mother waited on my father hand and foot.
My mother wanted me to clean my room.
My mother wanted to console me, but I remained bitter.
My mother wants grandchildren.
My mother wants me to be happy.
My mother wants me to become a doctor.
My mother wants me to get married in her wedding dress.
My mother wants me to study in Australia.
My mother wants me to study in Switzerland.
My mother wants me to wear her wedding dress.
My mother wants to be my friend on Facebook.
My mother warned me not to follow in the footsteps of my brother.
My mother warned me not to follow in the footsteps of my sister.
My mother warned me not to marry you.
My mother warns me not to stay in front of my computer for too long.
My mother was Algerian.
My mother was Norwegian, and my father was Danish. It was not till I was five that I learned that they spoke two separate languages.
My mother was a Japanese National Railways station attendant from 1971 until 1987.
My mother was a buzhie, but my father was a Bohemian type.
My mother was a dancer.
My mother was a midwife.
My mother was a tailor.
My mother was a teacher in the High school, too, but when she married father she gave up teaching, of course. A husband was enough responsibility.
My mother was a university graduate.
My mother was a very good cook. Unfortunately my wife isn't!
My mother was a wonderful person.
My mother was a wonderful woman.
My mother was afraid I'd get dirty.
My mother was afraid that I'd get dirty.
My mother was always proud of me.
My mother was an alcoholic.
My mother was an angel and an inspiration to me.
My mother was born in the heartland of America, but my father grew up herding goats in Kenya.
My mother was busy cooking dinner.
My mother was busy cooking the dinner.
My mother was busy getting ready for dinner.
My mother was crying.
My mother was devastated.
My mother was disappointed by my failure.
My mother was embroidering deserted tears in the early rainbows.
My mother was exhausted and went to sleep early.
My mother was fiddling with the stove.
My mother was furious.
My mother was getting ready for dinner.
My mother was happy about the news, and so was I.
My mother was happy to see her guest eating her cakes eagerly.
My mother was in tears.
My mother was in the hospital during the summer.
My mother was killed in an accident.
My mother was looking for me.
My mother was no less angry with me than my father.
My mother was not feeling any better. If anything, she looked worse.
My mother was once a champion swimmer.
My mother was one of thirteen children.
My mother was one of thirteen.
My mother was reluctant to give me love.
My mother was right.
My mother was sick for two days.
My mother was so tired that she went to bed early.
My mother was the best math student in her high school.
My mother was the one that taught me French.
My mother was the one who taught me French.
My mother was the one who taught me how to sew.
My mother was the same age I am now when she moved to Australia.
My mother was unloving towards me.
My mother was up late last night.
My mother was usually very busy.
My mother was very busy most of the time.
My mother was very pretty when she was young.
My mother was very sick, but thank God, she's much better now.
My mother was very weak from a long illness.
My mother was visiting a neighbor.
My mother was watching it.
My mother washes clothes every day.
My mother wasn't a good mother.
My mother watches television every day.
My mother went out on errands.
My mother went out shopping, didn't she?
My mother went shopping at a department store.
My mother went shopping downtown yesterday.
My mother went shopping with my brother.
My mother went shopping, didn't she?
My mother went shopping, didn’t she?
My mother went shopping.
My mother went to the department store to do some shopping.
My mother went to town to buy some bread.
My mother went to town to get some bread.
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
My mother will be destined to say no.
My mother will be expecting me at any moment.
My mother will make me a birthday cake.
My mother woke me up saying "It's a quarter past seven".
My mother woke me up saying "It’s a quarter past seven".
My mother won't accept this.
My mother won't let me have one.
My mother won't let me play with you anymore.
My mother won't let us keep pets in the house.
My mother worked hard in order to raise us.
My mother worked hard in order to rear us.
My mother worked in a factory.
My mother works as a psychologist in a hospital.
My mother works as an English teacher, but she's an economist by profession.
My mother works as an English teacher, but she’s an economist by profession.
My mother works at an office.
My mother works in a big office.
My mother works in a factory, and is tired when she comes home.
My mother works in a factory.
My mother works in catering.
My mother worries about everything.
My mother would freak out if she knew about it.
My mother would like to meet you.
My mother would not approve of my doing this.
My mother would turn in her grave if she knew I had married an *.
My mother wouldn't approve of my doing this.
My mother wouldn't let me wear one in high school.
My mother wouldn't stop crying.
My mother wrapped the sandwiches in paper.
My mother wrote to me and asked after my health.
My mother's always yelling at me.
My mother's bad mood is transient.
My mother's birthday is January 30th.
My mother's birthplace is in the east of this country.
My mother's brother's wife is my aunt.
My mother's cake always has a great flavour.
My mother's calling me.
My mother's conversion to Islam wasn't easy.
My mother's eyes were shiny with tears.
My mother's family is from Algeria.
My mother's father has white hair and a white beard.
My mother's father is my grandfather.
My mother's father is my maternal grandfather.
My mother's father's hair and beard are white.
My mother's feeling better.
My mother's friends are my friends.
My mother's garden is gorgeous, but it is out of control.
My mother's going to kill me.
My mother's homemade chocolate cake is delicious.
My mother's illness prevented me from attending the meeting.
My mother's in the kitchen.
My mother's kindness robbed off on me.
My mother's meatloaf won first place in the county fair.
My mother's mother is my grandmother.
My mother's mother is my maternal grandmother.
My mother's mother is my only living grandparent.
My mother's name is Ina.
My mother's name is Zana.
My mother's praying.
My mother's psychic friend has predicted we will have triplets.
My mother's religion helped her to come to terms with my father's death.
My mother's sister is my aunt.
My mother's sister's husband is my uncle.
My mother's uncle is as bald as an egg.
My mother's voice is quite hoarse due to all that shouting she was doing last night.
My mother's youngest brother became my godfather.
My mother, I am going to Shiprock.
My mother, where have you gone?
My mother, who has become a sun, has been on my mind throughout the years.
My mother-in-law brought him to see the baby.
My mother-in-law died of malice.
My mother-in-law died of spite.
My mother-in-law gives me the creeps.
My mother-in-law has an important job.
My mother-in-law have been strict to me.
My mother-in-law is a delightful person.
My mother-in-law is a super woman.
My mother-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My mother-in-law is kind.
My mother-in-law is my husband's mother.
My mother-in-law is younger than me.
My mother-in-law lives in a retirement community.
My mother-in-law lives in an old people's home.
My mother-in-law never passes up an opportunity to upbraid me over my decision to go into business for myself.
My mother-in-law never smiles.
My mother-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My mother-in-law talks about you all the time.
My motherboard came.
My mothers are healthy.
My mothers are old.
My mothers don't speak Dutch.
My mothers love me.
My mothers quarrel.
My mothers were not good people.
My mother’s eldest brother became a soldier for the South.
My mother’s feeling better.
My mother’s illness prevented me from attending the meeting.
My mother’s religion helped her to come to terms with my father’s death.
My motives were personal.
My motives were seen through.
My motorbike uses up a lot of gas.
My motorcycle broke down on the way.
My motorcycle is new.
My motto is "be careful and cautious."
My motto is: Comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.
My mouse ate a cat.
My mouse cursor has been slow lately.
My mouse doesn't have a wheel.
My mouse is broken, so it's a little difficult for me to drag and drop.
My mouse was eaten by a cat.
My mouth dried up.
My mouth feels great.
My mouth forms a lot of saliva.
My mouth has gone so dry since I've woken up, I could really do with a drink.
My mouth is clean.
My mouth is dry.
My mouth is dry; I need to drink something.
My mouth is full.
My mouth is numb.
My mouth is numbed.
My mouth is watering.
My mouth was dry.
My mouth was full so I couldn't answer.
My mouth was suddenly dry.
My mouth was watering.
My mouth waters when I read cooking books.
My mouth went dry.
My mouth's already watering.
My mum always read us a goodnight story.
My mum always used to read us a goodnight story.
My mum baked a cake for my birthday.
My mum bought me this shirt.
My mum bought two bottles of apple juice.
My mum cleared the table.
My mum cried a lot.
My mum doesn't know him at all.
My mum doesn't speak English very well.
My mum follows this cookery book closely whenever she cooks something.
My mum gets on well with my aunt.
My mum had to lend me her keys.
My mum has just come in.
My mum has made many dishes today.
My mum has prepared me some couscous.
My mum has three dogs.
My mum has to spoil things.
My mum helps me a lot.
My mum helps me remove the core of the plum.
My mum is about to have a bath.
My mum is about to take a bath.
My mum is called Ina.
My mum is crazy.
My mum is here.
My mum is making dinner.
My mum is making noodle salad.
My mum is making pasta salad.
My mum is older than my dad.
My mum is proud of me.
My mum is too protective of me.
My mum is too protective.
My mum is worried.
My mum keeps our house clean.
My mum keeps our house very clean.
My mum let me go to the movies.
My mum likes it too.
My mum likes tea very much.
My mum lives in Dudelange.
My mum never drinks alcohol.
My mum never went to school.
My mum paints beautiful paintings.
My mum prepared me some couscous.
My mum really wanted me to be a doctor.
My mum really wanted me to become a doctor.
My mum said I was fat.
My mum spoils me.
My mum taught me how to do that.
My mum told us off.
My mum used to say that water is the security.
My mum used to work in a factory.
My mum values this writer.
My mum walked into my room.
My mum was making dinner.
My mum was so tired that she went to bed early.
My mum will come back from the bank in a bit.
My mum won't be happy when she finds out.
My mum won't be pleased to see you.
My mum works at home and also works in the fields.
My mum works in a nursery.
My mum worries all the time.
My mum would like to meet you.
My mum'll be proud of me.
My mum's angry that I'm friends with you.
My mum's making dinner.
My mum's making tea.
My mum's mum is my nan.
My mum's the best.
My mum's the greatest.
My muscles ache.
My muscles ached from playing tennis too much.
My muscles are tense.
My muscles have become soft.
My muscles have got soft.
My muscles have gotten soft.
My muscles were aching and I was tired.
My muscular strength has weakened from lack of exercise.
My music teacher was surprised to find out that I can cook.
My music teacher was surprised to know I know how to cook.
My my! Don't you look handsome!
My nail clipper is a little dull.
My nail got attacked by a fungus and turned yellow.
My nails are blue-green.
My nails are too short.
My name also happens to be Tom.
My name and address are on it.
My name and my birthplace are irrelevant, my friend.
My name appeared in all my country's newspapers.
My name appears last in alphabetical order.
My name begins with the letter N.
My name cannot be pronounced by Earthlings, but you may call me Tom.
My name doesn't appear on the list.
My name doesn't seem to be on the list.
My name doesn’t appear on the list.
My name happens to be Tom, too.
My name is "The Strange One".
My name is Agnes Black.
My name is Ahmad.
My name is Alberto, what's yours?
My name is Alex, but I prefer that you all call me Augusto.
My name is Alex.
My name is Alexander. I'm from Sofia. I work as a programmer.
My name is Alexandra, but people call me Alex.
My name is Alfred. How are you doing?
My name is Ali.
My name is Amayes.
My name is Amelia.
My name is Andrea.
My name is Andrée.
My name is Anna.
My name is Anna. What is your name?
My name is Azad.
My name is Carl.
My name is Carlos, I'm Brazilian.
My name is Carlos.
My name is Charles.
My name is Charlotte.
My name is Che.
My name is Dan.
My name is David.
My name is Dilshad.
My name is Dorje.
My name is Dusana.
My name is Dusanna.
My name is Dušana.
My name is Edgar Degas.
My name is Edward, but everyone calls me Ned.
My name is Emily.
My name is Farshad.
My name is Francesca.
My name is Francesco.
My name is Giovanni Giorgio, but everybody calls me Giorgio.
My name is Gregory.
My name is Grisha.
My name is Hare.
My name is Hasaschi.
My name is Hase.
My name is Hashimoto.
My name is Hassan.
My name is Henry.
My name is Hisashi.
My name is Hopkins.
My name is Hugo.
My name is Ichiro Tanaka.
My name is Ichiro.
My name is Irakli.
My name is Ivan.
My name is Jack.
My name is James, but please call me Jim.
My name is James.
My name is Janez.
My name is Jatalo.
My name is Ji Sung.
My name is Jim.
My name is Jisung.
My name is Joano — and yours?
My name is Joe.
My name is John.
My name is Jose. We are friends.
My name is Juba.
My name is Jules.
My name is Julian.
My name is Julio.
My name is Julius.
My name is Julo.
My name is Kahina.
My name is Kalman, not caiman.
My name is Kami. I hope you take care of me.
My name is Karl.
My name is Ken.
My name is Kudo.
My name is Kuzey.
My name is Kyle.
My name is Lanlan, I'm Chinese.
My name is Laurie.
My name is Layla, not Nayna.
My name is Legion; for we are many.
My name is Lilette with a double "t."
My name is Lily.
My name is Lucy.
My name is Ludoviko.
My name is Ludwig.
My name is Luis.
My name is Maria Sara.
My name is Marie. What's yours?
My name is Marina.
My name is Marjan.
My name is Martin—James Briggs Martin—but almost everybody calls me Tallow, because once when I was younger I saw old Uncle Ike Bond rubbing tallow on his boots to shine them, and then hurried home and fixed mine up with the stub of a candle and went to school.
My name is Mary and I'm twenty-six years old.
My name is Mary and this is Tom.
My name is Mary and this is my husband, Tom.
My name is Mary but you can call me ma'am.
My name is Mary but you can call me madam.
My name is Mary, I'm 40 years old and I'm a zookeeper.
My name is Mary, what's yours?
My name is Mary.
My name is Mary. What's yours?
My name is Massinissa.
My name is Matthew, from Algeria.
My name is Mayas.
My name is Mehmet.
My name is Melanie.
My name is Meme.
My name is Mennad if you don't know who I am.
My name is Mennad.
My name is Mirjam, I'm 18 years old and I'm from England.
My name is Mohamed.
My name is Mojtaba.
My name is Nami.
My name is Nevruz.
My name is Niki.
My name is Nobody.
My name is Noelia, and you are?
My name is Olivia, but you can call me Liv for short.
My name is Omid.
My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!
My name is Paola.
My name is Peter.
My name is Pierre.
My name is Pista Kis.
My name is Rabi.
My name is Rahul.
My name is Ricardo, and I'm in charge of the translations of our website's interface.
My name is Ricardo.
My name is Richard, but everyone calls me Dick.
My name is Richard, but you can call me Dick.
My name is Robert Johnson.
My name is Robert, but everyone calls me Bob.
My name is Robert, but you can call me Bob.
My name is Robert, so they call me Bob for short.
My name is Roberto.
My name is Robin.
My name is Rojda.
My name is Romanian; his is American.
My name is Salas and I live in Kabylie, Algeria.
My name is Salas and I'll be your Berber teacher.
My name is Salas and I'm from Algeria.
My name is Sally.
My name is Sami and I'm your cousin.
My name is Sara.
My name is Sarah.
My name is Sascha.
My name is Sasha.
My name is Saul.
My name is Seth.
My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson.
My name is Shu.
My name is Skura, not Skrua.
My name is Skura, not Skua.
My name is Smith.
My name is Sophia.
My name is Soundararajan.
My name is Stanislava but my friends and family call me Stacy.
My name is Stephan and this is Christian.
My name is Stephen.
My name is Suzan.
My name is Tahmid.
My name is Tamako, and yours is?
My name is Tamako. What's yours?
My name is Tanaka. I just moved in next door. Pleased to meet you.
My name is Taninna and I'm from Kabylie, Algeria.
My name is Thomas, but everyone calls me Tom.
My name is Thomas, but you can call me Tom.
My name is Thomas.
My name is Tom Jackson, and I'm your new manager.
My name is Tom Jackson.
My name is Tom and I am addicted to chocolate milk.
My name is Tom and I have a cow.
My name is Tom and I'll be your server tonight.
My name is Tom and I'm a chocolate milk addict.
My name is Tom and I'm an addict.
My name is Tom and I'm an alcoholic.
My name is Tom and this is Mary.
My name is Tom and this is my wife, Mary.
My name is Tom, and I am a systems analyst.
My name is Tom, and I'm a Canadian.
My name is Tom, and I'm an alcoholic.
My name is Tom, and I'm from Australia.
My name is Tom, and my sister's name is Mary.
My name is Tom, and this is Mary.
My name is Tom, not John.
My name is Tom, too.
My name is Tom.
My name is Tom. How can I help you?
My name is Tom. I'm a human.
My name is Tom. Miss Fischer is my sister.
My name is Tom. What's yours?
My name is Ton Ala!
My name is Trang.
My name is Wang Jiaming.
My name is Wang.
My name is William, but you can call me Bill.
My name is Xiao Yu.
My name is Yamada.
My name is Yanni and I'm a 24 year old man from Algeria.
My name is Yanni and I'm from Algeria.
My name is Yanni but my friends call me Yan.
My name is Yanni, not Yan.
My name is Yatarou.
My name is Yohannis.
My name is Yoke.
My name is Yousef but some foreigners call me Joseph.
My name is Yusuf or Joseph.
My name is Ziri Yazid and I'm your Berber teacher.
My name is Ziri and I speak Berber.
My name is Ziri but my friends call me Yazid.
My name is Ziri, not Jerry.
My name is Ziri. You can call my "Zee" for short.
My name is also on the list.
My name is easy to remember.
My name is known by everyone in our town.
My name is known to everybody in my school.
My name is mud.
My name is my username.
My name is not "Mr. Ricardo"; it's just Ricardo or Rick.
My name is not "You guys".
My name is not "you"; it's Ricardo.
My name is not Eve.
My name is not Kuzey.
My name is not Tom!
My name is not Tom.
My name is not important.
My name is not listed.
My name is not on the list.
My name is not really Mary.
My name is not really Tom.
My name is of Hebraic origin.
My name is omitted from the list.
My name is on a property in Australia.
My name is on the ballot.
My name is on the door.
My name is on the list, too.
My name is still on the list.
My name is strange.
My name is third on the list.
My name is unimportant.
My name is very rare in my country.
My name is very rare in our country.
My name is written on it.
My name isn't Tom anymore.
My name isn't Tom either.
My name isn't Tom.
My name isn't Tom. It's John.
My name isn't Yan; it's Yanni.
My name isn't Yanni and I have no idea what this guy is talking about.
My name isn't even Tom.
My name isn't important.
My name isn't listed.
My name isn't on the list.
My name isn't on the schedule.
My name isn't really Tom.
My name links me with my ancestors.
My name should be on that list.
My name sounds better in your accent.
My name sounds bizarre.
My name sounds strange.
My name was at the bottom of the list.
My name was at the top of the list.
My name was called after his name.
My name was drawn.
My name was first on the list.
My name was in the newspaper.
My name was omitted from the list.
My name was on the list.
My name was spelled wrong in today's newspaper.
My name was the last one on the list.
My name was third on the list.
My name was wrongly spelled.
My name wasn't on the guest list.
My name will be great among the nations.
My name's Alan.
My name's Amanda.
My name's Cyril. Nice to meet you.
My name's Cyril. Pleased to meet you.
My name's Cyril; pleased to meet you!
My name's Dani, and my pronouns are she and her.
My name's Henry.
My name's Jack.
My name's James Gordon.
My name's John.
My name's Mary.
My name's Ricardo and I'm Brazilian.
My name's Ricardo, and you?
My name's Ricardo.
My name's Ricardo. What's yours?
My name's Thomas, but you can call me Tom.
My name's Tom, and you?
My name's Tom, not John.
My name's Tom, too.
My name's Tom.
My name's Tom. I live in Boston. I have a wife called Mary. We've two children.
My name's Tom. Pleased to meet you.
My name's Tom. What's your name?
My name's Tom. What's yours?
My name's in the newspapers.
My name's not 'girl,' either.
My name's not Ana, my name's Carmen.
My name's not Anna, it's Carmen.
My name's not Louis.
My name's not Tom.
My name's not Tom. It's John.
My name's not listed.
My name's on the door.
My name's on the list.
My name, dear lad, is not Trevor. I was James Armitage in my younger days.
My namesake was the wife of Isaac and mother of Jacob and Esau.
My name’s Cyril; pleased to meet you!
My name’s Jack.
My name’s not ’girl,’ either.
My nan gave me this necklace.
My nan has a larder where she stores food.
My nan is eighty years old.
My nan knitted a lot of stockings.
My nan likes to travel by train.
My nan likes travelling by train.
My nan no longer recognised me. She thought I was a nurse.
My nan was pulling up weeds in her back garden.
My nanny used to sing me songs.
My nape hurts.
My nationality is Albanian.
My nationality is Polish.
My nationality is Swiss.
My native language and that of the country I'm from is Japanese.
My native language is Czech.
My native language is French.
My native language is Hungarian.
My native language is Japanese.
My native language is Kurdish.
My native language is Luxembourgish.
My native language is Portuguese.
My native language is Spanish.
My native language is Turkish.
My native language is a foreign language for someone else.
My native language is not the language of my mother.
My native language is the most beautiful gift from my mother.
My native language is the most beautiful gift my mother gave me.
My native language isn't Berber.
My native language isn't French.
My native village is in Kabylie, Algeria.
My natural hair color is blond.
My natural hair colour is blond.
My natural thrust is to finish things that I’ve begun.
My nature doesn't allow me to break a commitment.
My nearest neighbours live 300 metres away from me.
My nearest neighbours live 300 metres away.
My neck does hurt a little.
My neck hurts a little.
My neck hurts from typing on the computer all day.
My neck hurts so much that I want to chop my head off and place it on a bed allowing it to rest.
My neck hurts today.
My neck hurts.
My neck is a bit sore.
My neck is a little sore.
My neck is extremely tense.
My neck is full of holes.
My neck is killing me.
My neck is sore.
My neck is stiff and sore.
My neck is stiff and sore. I think I’ve pulled a muscle.
My neck is stiff.
My neck muscles are tense.
My neck snapped when I did a headstand.
My neck snapped when my car was hit from behind.
My neck still hurts.
My need to sleep won out.
My needs are being fulfilled.
My neighbor always mows his lawn on Sunday mornings.
My neighbor bounces a stone across the water.
My neighbor brought me borek today.
My neighbor called the fire department.
My neighbor called the police.
My neighbor complained about the noise.
My neighbor found a cache of ancient Roman coins using his metal detector.
My neighbor gave me a snapmelon.
My neighbor got some anonymous letters.
My neighbor had his feet amputated due to a bacterial infection.
My neighbor has a sword in his house.
My neighbor has been boozing again.
My neighbor has been drinking again.
My neighbor has gotten anonymous letters.
My neighbor has many aches and pains.
My neighbor has pomegranate trees.
My neighbor has two big dogs.
My neighbor hosted a lovely backyard barbecue.
My neighbor is Canadian.
My neighbor is a carpenter.
My neighbor is a cutie.
My neighbor is a kleptomaniac.
My neighbor is a lovely fat woman.
My neighbor is a mailman and works in London.
My neighbor is a penny-pinching old miser who won't even give you the time of day.
My neighbor is a penny-pinching old miser who won’t even give you the time of day.
My neighbor is a realtor.
My neighbor is crazy.
My neighbor is having some work done on his roof starting tomorrow, so he came to let me know about it. "There might be a lot of dust, so I apologize beforehand. Thank you in advance."
My neighbor is my father's best friend.
My neighbor is nice.
My neighbor is ninety-five years old and she is still healthy.
My neighbor is planting new grass in his yard.
My neighbor is rich.
My neighbor is splitting timber.
My neighbor is very pretty.
My neighbor is what we call a nosy person.
My neighbor misplaced my keys while I was on vacation, and didn't return them.
My neighbor moved out yesterday.
My neighbor must go to work very early, because in the morning his car is never in front of his house.
My neighbor on the second floor told me some juicy gossip you're not going to believe it!
My neighbor received anonymous letters.
My neighbor rejected my request to cut his tree.
My neighbor renovated her house completely.
My neighbor renovated his house completely.
My neighbor saved my life.
My neighbor served the most delicious crab dip at her party last night.
My neighbor suffers from osteoporosis.
My neighbor used to get anonymous letters.
My neighbor was arrested last night.
My neighbor was born rich.
My neighbor wasn't at home when the cat came.
My neighbor went crazy.
My neighbor's a real mysophobe.
My neighbor's car is a hybrid.
My neighbor's cats ruined my flowerbed!
My neighbor's cats ruined my flowerbed.
My neighbor's chickens are better than mine.
My neighbor's crying baby kept me awake most of the night.
My neighbor's dog barks.
My neighbor's dog is barking.
My neighbor's dog is dead.
My neighbor's dog kept me awake most of the night.
My neighbor's dog never stopped barking.
My neighbor's dog never stops barking.
My neighbor's dog often comes into my yard.
My neighbor's dog often comes into our yard.
My neighbor's dog was barking all last night.
My neighbor's dog was barking.
My neighbor's dog won't eat dry dog food.
My neighbor's dog's constant barking is irritating.
My neighbor's hen is better than mine.
My neighbor's house was featured in last month's issue of Architectural Digest.
My neighbor's name is Tom Jackson.
My neighbor's name is Tom.
My neighbor's parrot speaks Romanian.
My neighbor's son made fun of my daughter today at school.
My neighbor's son was killed by a drunk driver.
My neighbor's springer spaniel is adorable.
My neighborhood has a parade on the 4th of July.
My neighborhood is a nice place to live.
My neighborhood is threatened by poverty.
My neighborhood is wonderful.
My neighbors and I don't get along.
My neighbors and I don't usually greet each other.
My neighbors are Canadian.
My neighbors are Canadians.
My neighbors are French.
My neighbors are all jerks.
My neighbors are crazy.
My neighbors are financially stable, in other words, rich.
My neighbors are four sisters and a cat.
My neighbors are hogging the laundry room in my apartment building again.
My neighbors are my friends.
My neighbors are peaceful people of good will.
My neighbors are shady.
My neighbors are strange.
My neighbors are very curious.
My neighbors are very helpful.
My neighbors are very loud.
My neighbors are very nice people.
My neighbors are very noisy.
My neighbors complained about the noise we made last night.
My neighbors despise me.
My neighbors hate me.
My neighbors have a pomegranate tree.
My neighbors left yesterday.
My neighbors loathe me.
My neighbors loved this song so much, they threw a brick through my window to hear it better.
My neighbors never complain about how loud my parties are because I always invite them to my parties.
My neighbors provided food for me.
My neighbors say they're going on a family trip to Hokkaido.
My neighbors say they’re going on a family trip to Hokkaido.
My neighbors started arguing about three hours ago and they're still at it.
My neighbors used to sell hotdogs from their house.
My neighbors usually have their TV on all night long.
My neighbors would have a fit, you know how it is around here.
My neighbors' names are Tom and Mary.
My neighbors, who live on the same floor, are from Lebanon.
My neighbors’s hen is better than mine.
My neighbor’s dog is dead.
My neighbor’s dog won’t eat dry dog food.
My neighbor’s house was featured in last month’s issue of Architectural Digest.
My neighbor’s son made fun of my daughter today at school.
My neighbor’s son was killed by a drunk driver.
My neighbour Alex on Lulu Island is a Francophone. He has a friendly dog.
My neighbour Bratislav, of Croatian descent, on Lulu Island, with the two dogs Rafa and Chino, believes that people now live in an age of ignorance. He believes that about 98% of humanity lingers on without questioning the afterlife, questioning what is beyond Earth, etc. Bratislav and I are two of the remaining 2% of humanity with more curiosity. Bratislav believes that outer space may be already inhabited by other sentient beings.
My neighbour bought a bigger SUV than I did.
My neighbour complained about the noise.
My neighbour has a dachshund that takes offense if you call him sausage.
My neighbour has renovated his house completely.
My neighbour is French.
My neighbour is Hungarian.
My neighbour is Italian.
My neighbour is a doctor.
My neighbour is a gossip.
My neighbour is a postman and works in London.
My neighbour is annoyed with me because he could not convince me to buy his old car from him.
My neighbour is called Tom.
My neighbour is constantly picking his nose.
My neighbour is nice.
My neighbour is quite mad. He doesn't stop yelling nonsense at night.
My neighbour is very helpful.
My neighbour mowed his lawn this morning.
My neighbour plays the clarinet and trumpet.
My neighbour spreads rumours.
My neighbour thinks that people do not know what to expect in increased awareness of outer space because it could cause a paradigm shift in society.
My neighbour took it out on me this morning because he couldn't manage to park his car.
My neighbour totally renovated his house.
My neighbour was arrested last night.
My neighbour yelled, "They don't know how to talk!"
My neighbour's cats have ruined my flowerbed.
My neighbour's daughter is an aerospace engineer.
My neighbour's dog barks.
My neighbour's name is Deng Daping.
My neighbour's name is Tom.
My neighbours are always pushing their modish Western religion.
My neighbours are my friends.
My neighbours bought an electric car.
My neighbours envy my new Maserati, not to mention my 23-year-old girlfriend.
My neighbours have already explained to me who BjÃ¶rk is.
My neighbours have already explained to me who Björk is.
My neighbours in that house are German and English, both.
My neighbours on Lulu Island are Filipinos. They're my "Uncle" Ed and "Auntie" Zeny with their three handsome grownup boys Derek, Michael, and Charles. The parents are from different provinces with different local languages, but as the majority of Filipinos, they share Tagalog as a common language.
My neighbours upstairs are very noisy.
My neighbours usually have their telly on all night.
My neighbours who built their house upon a rock ended up with a damp basement.
My neighbours, the Wongs, who are multiracial from Fiji, seem intimidated by, and simultaneously jealous of, Latinate culture. Once a British colony, Fiji was never a "donkey" as was my homeland, the Philippines. I suspect that many Anglophones with less than a university education still squirm at long acrolectal Greco-Latin words in English, and they try to settle in their basilectal Anglo-Saxon speech. Tangentially, I much admire French-influenced paradises like Tahiti and Mayotte. Maybe, the Wongs should learn Dutch.
My neighbour’s name is Deng Daping.
My neko loves to curl up on the couch with me and enjoy the warm glow of the massage candles.
My nephew ate bread with tomato sauce on it.
My nephew is a hockey player.
My nephew is a nurse.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
My nephew is an ice hockey player.
My nephew is as old as me, and we are in the same class.
My nephew is coming over tomorrow.
My nephew is from Ethiopia. He is Ethiopian.
My nephew is getting married tomorrow.
My nephew is in the sixth grade.
My nephew is in the sixth year of the elementary school.
My nephew is married.
My nephew is my brother's son.
My nephew is twelve.
My nephew seldom puts his things in order.
My nephew was accustomed to sitting up late.
My nephew was accustomed to staying up late.
My nephew was excused because of his youth.
My nephew was excused on the grounds of his youth.
My nephew watched the animals in the zoo.
My nephew works as a computer engineer.
My nerdy friend said it's dangerous to mix muriatic acid and bleach.
My nerves are beginning to fail.
My nerves are fairly proof, Watson, but I must confess to a start when I saw the very man who had been so much in my thoughts standing there on my threshold.
My nerves are frayed.
My nerves are not what they used to be.
My nerves are on edge.
My nerves are stretched to the limit.
My nerves have had about all they can endure for one day.
My nerves jangle when I'm sharply disturbed in sleep.
My nerves were worn to a frazzle.
My nerves, which were steady enough on the field of battle, tingled as I thought of it.
My new Alfa Romeo convertible is light red.
My new address is as follows.
My new album is available on all the streaming platforms.
My new assistant is eager to learn the ropes.
My new baby arrived!
My new beard is itching like crazy.
My new black wallet had just been lost.
My new book goes on sale October 20th.
My new book is expensive.
My new book is not yet in print.
My new boots are made of real leather and have relatively high heels.
My new boyfriend's name is Tom, too.
My new boyfriend's name is Tom.
My new can opener is sturdier than the old one, so hopefully it won't take 2 minutes to get at my beans anymore.
My new can opener is sturdier than the old one, so hopefully it won’t take 2 minutes to get at my beans anymore.
My new car enables me to go anywhere, anytime.
My new car gets better gas mileage than my old one.
My new car gets much better mileage than the old one.
My new car is red.
My new car is white.
My new car will arrive here next week.
My new class starts today.
My new coat has a lot of pockets.
My new colleague is a robot.
My new computer worked so well that the helpdesk didn’t even have to step in anymore.
My new course starts today.
My new deodorant has me smelling like a beautiful woman.
My new dress is red.
My new fountain pen writes very smoothly.
My new girlfriend is Chinese.
My new girlfriend's name is Mary, too.
My new girlfriend's name is Mary.
My new house has a big backyard.
My new house has a smaller footprint than my old one.
My new house has four bedrooms.
My new house is really nice.
My new job begins on Monday.
My new job has flexible hours, so I'm able to go to school at the same time.
My new job is harder than my old one.
My new job leaves me little time to socialize.
My new job never felt like a job and it was highly satisfying.
My new job starts Monday.
My new job starts on Monday.
My new job starts tomorrow.
My new laptop is thinner and lighter than my old one.
My new lifestyle starts over again tomorrow.
My new lifestyle starts tomorrow.
My new novel will come out next month.
My new pair of shoes are made of leather.
My new penknife has many useful functions.
My new phone case is a bit naff.
My new phone is powerful.
My new phone is thinner than my old phone.
My new primary care provider is a great doctor!
My new purpose in life is to annoy you.
My new shirt is already dirty.
My new shirt's ruined!
My new shoes are comfortable.
My new shoes are made of leather.
My new shoes don't fit very well.
My new shoes squeak.
My new socks feel wonderfully soft.
My news isn't important to people who aren't interested in sports.
My news isn't too important to people who don't want to know.
My next book will be called "The Adventures of a Blood Sausage".
My next class is French.
My next door neighbor is a virtuoso whose skills with the piano have earned him a name among music experts.
My next race is this week.
My next step is to find out why.
My next test is three hours from now.
My nickname is "Itch."
My nickname is Ryck.
My nickname is Tom.
My nickname isn't Tom.
My niece Lucia likes to tangle my hair.
My niece is a nurse.
My niece is a serious girl.
My niece is an ace at this game.
My niece is attractive and mature for her age.
My niece is coming over tomorrow.
My niece is from Libya. She is Libyan.
My niece is my sister's daughter.
My niece is obsessed with rainbows and unicorns.
My niece is the daughter of my sister.
My niece loves to read Tintin.
My niece really loves her ballet classes.
My niece works at a sheltered workshop.
My niece's birthday is March 22nd.
My nigga.
My night is at an end now that I realize the sun will be up in just a few short hours.
My night shift wasn't quite as frenetic as the night before.
My night was amazing.
My nightingale, you are the one and only love of my life.
My nights are often restless.
My nighttime routine includes showering, brushing my teeth, and washing my face.
My nipples are very sensitive.
My nipples were getting hard.
My nonprofit has a hands on approach to problem solving.
My normal body temperature is around 37 degrees.
My nose got fractured.
My nose has been broken three times.
My nose has been congested for days.
My nose hurts.
My nose is an unruly sight.
My nose is bleeding.
My nose is blocked up.
My nose is blocked.
My nose is blocked. I've got a terrible cold.
My nose is broken.
My nose is cold.
My nose is itchy and I can't stop sneezing.
My nose is itchy.
My nose is really big, and it's crooked as well.
My nose is really big, and it’s crooked as well.
My nose is really stuffed, so I can't smell anything coming from the kitchen.
My nose is red.
My nose is running like a tap.
My nose is running like mad.
My nose is running.
My nose is so itchy.
My nose is stuffed up.
My nose is stuffy.
My nose is too big.
My nose itches but I can't scratch it because my hands are full.
My nose itches.
My nose really started to itch so bad.
My nose runs whenever I have a cold.
My nose started to itch.
My nose swelled up.
My nose was 5 inches from a moray eel.
My nose was very runny.
My nostrils are sore from blowing my nose so often lately.
My not going to the market is because the car is broken.
My not knowing what to do was part of the problem.
My notebook disappeared.
My notebook is full.
My notebook is in the desk.
My notebook is pink.
My novel just came out.
My number was called last.
My nurse told me his name.
My nurse took me this morning into the streets.
My oath is sacred.
My oats are stored in Havana harbor.
My objective is clear.
My objective is to speak your language.
My observation is that religious proponents feel poor in the face of science fact and science fiction.
My offer was declined.
My offer was refused.
My office called.
My office doesn't have an air conditioner.
My office door's always open.
My office faces Fifth Avenue.
My office faces the park.
My office has six floors.
My office is a pigsty!
My office is a real mess.
My office is a very serious and high pressure place.
My office is being painted today.
My office is close by.
My office is far from my home.
My office is in another wing.
My office is in my apartment.
My office is in the Foreign Languages Department.
My office is in the central area of the city.
My office is in the city centre.
My office is just across the hall.
My office is located downtown.
My office is located on the fifth floor.
My office is monitoring the situation.
My office is near Starbucks.
My office is near where I live.
My office is nearby.
My office is next to Tom's.
My office is old.
My office is on Park Street.
My office is on another floor.
My office is on the fifth floor.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
My office is on the fourth floor of that grey six-storey building.
My office is on the second floor.
My office is on the third floor of that grey six-storey building.
My office is on the third floor.
My office is over there.
My office is significantly brighter than yours.
My office is tiny.
My office is very small.
My office is within walking distance.
My office used to be by the window and I could see the squirrels.
My office was broken into.
My old English teacher is certainly rolling in her grave right now.
My old English teacher will definitely be spinning in her grave now.
My old aunt Mary is playing on a new piano.
My old bike broke down.
My old car brought me $100.
My old car got thirty miles a gallon.
My old car is now in the junkyard.
My old car is still out back.
My old cell phone is barely working now.
My old computer now ekes out a dreary existence in the attic.
My old dress is blue.
My old friend dropped in at my house.
My old friend is from Texas.
My old friend is sick.
My old friend spends all his free time fishing.
My old friend wrote to me, informing me of his return from abroad.
My old house giving me trouble. I have to mend a part of it every day.
My old job was extremely boring.
My old leg injury ached with the pressure change from the incipient storm.
My old man digs Cardi B.
My old man never loved anyone.
My old man's put the devil in me with his talk of work.
My old phone doesn't work anymore.
My old tools were ruined by rust.
My old-fashioned grandfather complains about the way girls are dressed nowadays.
My older brother accepted Islam.
My older brother and I live in Boston, and my younger brother lives in Chicago.
My older brother became a student, and now he has to read a lot of books.
My older brother borrowed money from a loan shark.
My older brother bought his own house last month.
My older brother built his own house last month.
My older brother can drive.
My older brother did all the preparation for us.
My older brother did all the preparation.
My older brother finished his homework very quickly.
My older brother goes fishing every weekend.
My older brother got a position in a big business.
My older brother had a position in a large company.
My older brother had many German friends.
My older brother has a mustache.
My older brother has been going to the bathroom since this morning.
My older brother has been living in London for many years.
My older brother is a teacher.
My older brother is a very enthusiastic soccer fan.
My older brother is a very good person.
My older brother is a year older than her husband.
My older brother is an authority on philosophy.
My older brother is currently unemployed.
My older brother is planning to work at a drug factory.
My older brother is practicing judo. He is very good.
My older brother is really tall. He's about 180 centimeters.
My older brother is still afraid of monsters.
My older brother is very talented.
My older brother is watching TV.
My older brother isn't busy.
My older brother knows how to drive.
My older brother lives in Australia.
My older brother lives in San Diego.
My older brother lives in a small village.
My older brother made all the preparations for us.
My older brother manages that company.
My older brother married my ex-wife.
My older brother never takes our advice.
My older brother often stayed up all night reading novels.
My older brother speaks very fast.
My older brother started to take interest in Japanese folk songs when he was around 12 years old.
My older brother takes a shower every day.
My older brother wants to study abroad.
My older brother was a real problem child in high school. Nobody could deal with him.
My older brother was ill-treated.
My older brother was the one who taught me how to drive.
My older brother was treated badly.
My older brother was treated cruelly.
My older brother was treated like a dog.
My older brother was treated unkindly.
My older brother will start working at a bank next year.
My older brother's name is Tom, and my younger brother's name is John.
My older brother's namesake was our grandfather, who died before he was born.
My older brother, Tom, was born here in Australia.
My older brother, Tom, was born here in Boston.
My older brother, who lives in Australia, is a carpenter.
My older sister Angelina is sixteen years old.
My older sister can play the guitar very well.
My older sister didn't help me.
My older sister doesn’t work.
My older sister exercises every day to lose weight.
My older sister finally got married.
My older sister gave me an iPhone, but I don't know how to use it.
My older sister goes jogging every day.
My older sister got engaged.
My older sister has a mustache.
My older sister has two years over me.
My older sister helped me with my homework.
My older sister is a female ninja.
My older sister is a very talented singer.
My older sister is a volunteer firefighter.
My older sister is a year older than his wife.
My older sister is beautiful.
My older sister is getting married next spring.
My older sister is good at singing.
My older sister is good at typing.
My older sister is playing with a doll.
My older sister loves children.
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.
My older sister plays the guitar well.
My older sister plays the piano every day.
My older sister says it's her dream to become a pro illustrator.
My older sister sells shoes not far away.
My older sister showers every day.
My older sister swims very fast.
My older sister takes a shower every day.
My older sister takes a shower every morning.
My older sister was grounded for coming home too late last night.
My older sister will be the bridesmaid.
My older sister won't leave me alone.
My older sister's husband is older than I am.
My older sister's husband is older than me.
My older sister's marriage has finally been arranged.
My older sister's name is Mary, and my younger sister's name is Alice.
My oldest brother attended the meeting on behalf of our father.
My oldest brother is single.
My oldest brother lives in a small village.
My oldest daughter's name is Chizuru.
My oldest daughter's name is Mary.
My oldest sister already died.
My oldest son joined the army.
My oldest son's name is Tom.
My one wish is that the world could have an international language.
My only companion on the trip was my dog.
My only complaint is that where I work isn't closer to my house.
My only concern is chasing money.
My only concern is for your happiness.
My only critique for my car was its acceleration.
My only distraction is the game Go.
My only distraction is the game of Go.
My only fault is that I don't realize how great I really am.
My only friend was Tom.
My only hope of escaping my obligations is to die and allow my younger brother to inherit.
My only needs are focus and solitude.
My only regret is that I have never been to Germany for Oktoberfest.
My only son died of cancer.
My only trouble is I don't have a close friend.
My only trouble is I don’t have a close friend.
My only wish is to become a father.
My only worry is that I have no worries.
My operation went very well.
My opinion about Tom hasn't changed.
My opinion about that has changed.
My opinion about that hasn't changed.
My opinion about that is still the same.
My opinion about that topic has changed several times.
My opinion changed as I saw and learned more.
My opinion differs from hers.
My opinion differs from his.
My opinion differs from most of the other students in my class.
My opinion differs from yours.
My opinion differs widely from yours.
My opinion doesn't count for much at the office.
My opinion doesn't matter.
My opinion doesn't really matter.
My opinion doesn’t count for much at the office.
My opinion has changed.
My opinion hasn't changed.
My opinion is a little different from yours.
My opinion is completely different from yours.
My opinion is contrary to yours.
My opinion is different from Tom's.
My opinion is different from yours.
My opinion is entirely different from yours.
My opinion is exactly the opposite of yours.
My opinion is irrelevant.
My opinion is on the whole the same as yours.
My opinion is similar to yours.
My opinion is somewhat conservative.
My opinion is still the same.
My opinion is that you ought to let Tom go.
My opinion is the one that counts!
My opinion is the opposite.
My opinion is the same as theirs.
My opinion is the same as yours.
My opinion is the wisest.
My opinion is very distinct from yours.
My opinion of Tom has changed.
My opinion of Tom hasn't changed.
My opinion of Tom is still the same.
My opinion of him has changed over time.
My opinion on that has changed.
My opinion on that hasn't changed.
My opinion on what should be done is different from his.
My opinion really doesn't matter.
My opinion seems to be correct.
My opinion was irrelevant.
My opinion was not under consideration.
My opinion wasn't considered.
My opinions are based on my personal experience.
My opinions are similar to his.
My opinions differ from those of most of the students in the class.
My opinions matter and should be acknowledged.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right.
My opponent hates puppies.
My opponent hit a wicked drop shot to save the first match point.
My opponent loves to give grand sonorous speeches that ultimately say nothing. I prefer to get straight to the point.
My opponent once signed into law a bill outlawing cute puppies. Can you really vote for such a person?
My opponent was Tom.
My opponent was stronger than I was.
My options are limited.
My oral fixation is chewing gum.
My orders are absolute.
My orders are not up for discussion.
My orders are to go with you.
My orders should be carried out.
My other grandma didn't know or didn't care how to cook.
My other sister-in-law is proud that one of the moon craters is named after her family.
My other uniform has just been washed.
My otherwise perfect life is about to change for the worse.
My oven is gas, but yours is electric.
My overacing thoughts are giving me a hard time to try to fall asleep tonight.
My overall well-being has declined, and I'm struggling to find any glimmers of positivity.
My overcoat is light but warm.
My own beauty lays all eyes on me.
My own brother can't even pronounce my name correctly.
My own dog barked at me.
My own election address was full of such oddments.
My own family is made up of the flesh and blood and traditions and cultures and faiths from a lot of different parts of the world -- just as America has been built by immigrants from every shore.
My own house was an eyesore, but it was a small eyesore, and it had been overlooked.
My own level of beauty is so unreachable for some people to reach it.
My own level of cruelty is simply off-limits.
My own mind is my own church.
My own native language sounds weird to me.
My own special beauty comes from within.
My own team has to be devoted to soccer.
My own welfare is my top priority.
My pack is very heavy.
My package arrived sooner than expected.
My pain is chronic.
My pain is excruciating.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh. But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
My painter friend is not an ordinary man.
My painting is starting to look pretty cool.
My palms are damp.
My palms are sweaty.
My palms were sweaty.
My pan burned.
My pants are already dirty, so I might as well sit on the ground.
My pants are blue.
My pants are magenta.
My pants are pants.
My pants are ruined.
My pants are too short.
My pants are very loose because I've lost a lot of weight.
My pants are very loose because I’ve lost much weight.
My pants are wet.
My pants don't have pockets.
My pants fall down without a belt.
My pants has a lot of lint.
My pants have four pockets.
My pants need to be washed.
My pants split.
My pants were soaked.
My papa said no.
My papers piled up on my desk.
My papers were in that box.
My parent's don't approve of our relationship.
My parent's house is comfortable.
My parent's won't allow me to do that.
My parents accompanied me to the airport.
My parents adore you.
My parents advised me not to drive alone.
My parents almost always speak French to each other.
My parents also have a farm.
My parents always compare me to my older brother.
My parents always compare me to my older sister.
My parents always make me do my homework before I go out.
My parents always said time was money.
My parents always speak French to me.
My parents always speak to me in French.
My parents always think they know what I'm thinking.
My parents always told me to be wary of strangers.
My parents always told me to sit still when I would play footsie with my siblings.
My parents and I aren't close.
My parents and I disagree on a lot of things.
My parents and I don't agree on a lot of things.
My parents and I drove all night.
My parents and I have different ideas about what time my curfew should be.
My parents and I have different ideas about when my curfew should be.
My parents and I have different visions for my future.
My parents and I live together.
My parents and I moved to Australia when I was three.
My parents and I moved to Boston when I was three.
My parents and grandparents were born in Algeria.
My parents and little brother, who lived in the suburbs of Tokyo, died in the big earthquake.
My parents and teachers all used to tell me when I was younger that "Experience is the best teacher". Of course, during my high school days, my mind was still not that mature, so I took that as is. A little later, a lecturer on some seminar I forgot said that experience isn't necessarily the best teacher, especially if you need to get hurt for it. For him, the experience of others is the best teacher. After all, not only do you get to witness important lessons about the realities of life, you are also spared from getting hurt. That is always nice.
My parents approved of my marrying Mary.
My parents are 100% Algerian.
My parents are Algerian.
My parents are Americans.
My parents are Canadians.
My parents are Catholic.
My parents are Chinese.
My parents are English, but they came to Brazil in 2001.
My parents are Kabyle.
My parents are Muslim.
My parents are Spanish, but I was born in Argentina.
My parents are Spanish.
My parents are a bit old-fashioned.
My parents are a waste of my precious energy.
My parents are a waste of my valuable time.
My parents are afraid of me.
My parents are against my marriage.
My parents are aged.
My parents are already on pension.
My parents are always dependent on him.
My parents are always really busy.
My parents are arguing again.
My parents are asleep.
My parents are at the movies tonight.
My parents are away for weekend.
My parents are away on a trip and I'm alone in our house.
My parents are away on a trip and I’m alone in our house.
My parents are ballbreakers.
My parents are both Canadians.
My parents are both dead.
My parents are both doctors.
My parents are both from Boston.
My parents are both lawyers.
My parents are both nonbinary.
My parents are both still living.
My parents are both teachers.
My parents are coming back tomorrow.
My parents are coming over tomorrow.
My parents are coming to stay with us at Easter.
My parents are conservative Mormons.
My parents are constantly arguing.
My parents are crazy.
My parents are dead.
My parents are devout Catholics.
My parents are divorced, so I spend every other weekend with my father.
My parents are divorced, too.
My parents are divorced.
My parents are dying to know where Mary went.
My parents are familiar with her friend.
My parents are fantastic.
My parents are fighting again.
My parents are from Algeria.
My parents are from Algeria. They were born and raised there.
My parents are from Australia.
My parents are from China.
My parents are from Kabylie, Algeria.
My parents are getting divorced, too.
My parents are getting divorced.
My parents are getting remarried.
My parents are going to buy a new CD.
My parents are going to kick me out of the house.
My parents are going to kill me!
My parents are going to love you.
My parents are good people.
My parents are great.
My parents are happily married.
My parents are healthy.
My parents are here.
My parents are in Algeria.
My parents are in Australia.
My parents are in Paris this month.
My parents are leaving for the restaurant.
My parents are loved by me.
My parents are missionaries.
My parents are never happy no matter what I do.
My parents are no longer living.
My parents are not from Kabylie.
My parents are not home.
My parents are not strict with me.
My parents are not young anymore.
My parents are old.
My parents are older than yours.
My parents are on vacation.
My parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner.
My parents are originally from Algeria.
My parents are originally from Boston.
My parents are out of town.
My parents are pressuring me to go to Harvard, when I'd rather go to a state school.
My parents are probably already worried.
My parents are probably getting worried.
My parents are probably starting to get worried.
My parents are probably starting to worry.
My parents are probably worrying.
My parents are quarreling.
My parents are quarrelling.
My parents are religious Catholics.
My parents are retired.
My parents are rich.
My parents are right.
My parents are separating.
My parents are so unfair.
My parents are splitting up.
My parents are still very attached to me, but I feel more comfortable being on my own.
My parents are still young.
My parents are strict.
My parents are taller than yours.
My parents are teachers.
My parents are the ones who taught me how to do that.
My parents are the ones who taught me how to drive.
My parents are there.
My parents are travelling overseas for a week.
My parents are true bourgeois.
My parents are truly square.
My parents are usually at home in the evening.
My parents are very old fashioned.
My parents are very religious people.
My parents are very strict.
My parents are very worried about me.
My parents are visiting.
My parents are waiting for me.
My parents aren't Algerian.
My parents aren't at home at the moment.
My parents aren't going to be there.
My parents aren't home a lot.
My parents aren't home much.
My parents aren't home right now.
My parents aren't home.
My parents aren't in at the moment.
My parents aren't living anymore.
My parents aren't old yet.
My parents aren't saying anything!
My parents aren't young anymore.
My parents aren’t old yet.
My parents argue a lot.
My parents argue all the time.
My parents argued a lot.
My parents asked me not to do that again.
My parents attended their neighbor's funeral.
My parents began worrying.
My parents both speak French.
My parents bought a place in Baja.
My parents bought an air conditioner. But since it only cools the living room, its actually not very comfortable. I wonder, isn't that kind of absurd?
My parents bought my brother and me a brand-new yellow Hyundai Pony for transportation to our university. It was then the early days of Korean car manufacturing.
My parents call me up every day.
My parents called him.
My parents came out of the church.
My parents came to Algeria when I was a child.
My parents came to see me off at the airport.
My parents came to the airport to see me off.
My parents can't wait to meet you.
My parents caught me smoking.
My parents come from Algeria.
My parents come from Australia.
My parents come from China.
My parents constantly criticize modern technology. They just don't understand it.
My parents cook for me.
My parents cut me a generous check to help me get out from under all my credit card debt.
My parents despise each other.
My parents despised each other.
My parents did not baptize me.
My parents did not raise me very well.
My parents didn't allow me to go to the party.
My parents didn't allow me to see Tom again.
My parents didn't disagree with my plan.
My parents didn't have much money.
My parents didn't let me have a dog.
My parents didn't raise me very well.
My parents didn't suspect anything.
My parents didn't teach me Berber.
My parents didn't teach me any French.
My parents didn’t allow me to see Tom again.
My parents didn’t disagree with my plan.
My parents died in 2013.
My parents died in a car accident.
My parents died in a traffic accident when I was thirteen years old.
My parents died in a traffic accident when I was thirteen.
My parents died in an accident two months ago.
My parents died in an automobile accident three years ago.
My parents died in an automobile accident when I was thirteen.
My parents died when I was a baby.
My parents died when I was a kid.
My parents died when I was still quite young.
My parents died when I was thirteen years old.
My parents died when I was thirteen.
My parents died when I was three years old.
My parents died when I was three.
My parents died when I was very young.
My parents discouraged me from traveling alone.
My parents discouraged me from traveling.
My parents divorced when I was little.
My parents do my homework for me.
My parents don't allow me to do that.
My parents don't allow me to leave the house.
My parents don't approve of my boyfriend.
My parents don't approve of my career choice.
My parents don't approve of my girlfriend.
My parents don't know where I am.
My parents don't know.
My parents don't let me do that.
My parents don't let me drive very often.
My parents don't like Tom.
My parents don't like me.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he didn't go to college.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he dropped out of high school.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he's poor.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because of his ethnicity.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because of his race.
My parents don't like my boyfriend.
My parents don't like my girlfriend.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They say that she's a gold digger.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They think that she's not good enough for me.
My parents don't permit me to do that.
My parents don't speak Dutch.
My parents don't speak English.
My parents don't speak French with me anymore.
My parents don't speak French.
My parents don't understand anything.
My parents don't understand me.
My parents don't want me drinking beer every night.
My parents don't want me to get married.
My parents don't worry about me.
My parents don’t like the way I dress.
My parents don’t speak English.
My parents don’t understand me.
My parents educated me to do what I promised.
My parents enjoy skiing every winter.
My parents expect a lot from me.
My parents expect me to become a doctor.
My parents expect me to enter the university.
My parents expect me to go to Harvard.
My parents expect me to study.
My parents fight all the time.
My parents forbade me from seeing Tom.
My parents forbade me to see Tom again.
My parents forbade me to see him again.
My parents forbid me from seeing Tom again.
My parents forced me to get married.
My parents fought all the time when I was a kid.
My parents found out I ditched school to play, and they gave me a huge earful.
My parents found out that I had skipped school.
My parents gave a lot of things up for me.
My parents gave me a cell phone for my birthday.
My parents gave me a house when we got married.
My parents gave me a new computer for my birthday.
My parents gave me a proper education.
My parents get really mad when they argue.
My parents go to church every Sunday.
My parents got divorced a long time ago.
My parents got divorced long ago.
My parents got divorced when I was young.
My parents got divorced.
My parents got married before I was born.
My parents got married in Australia.
My parents got married in Boston.
My parents grew up here.
My parents grew up in the same town.
My parents had a car like that.
My parents had a very puritanical view towards religion.
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home.
My parents had an arranged marriage.
My parents had left before I arrived.
My parents had me a year later.
My parents had me go there.
My parents had plans for their lives that didn’t include me.
My parents hardly ever punished me for anything.
My parents hate Tom.
My parents hate each other.
My parents hate her.
My parents hate him.
My parents hated each other.
My parents hated me being a Muslim.
My parents have a big farm there.
My parents have a home with a garden on the outskirts of the city.
My parents have a water bed.
My parents have asked me not to do that again.
My parents have been divorced for a long time.
My parents have been married for thirty years.
My parents have been married since before I was born.
My parents have both passed away.
My parents have done a lot for me, but it’s time to stand on my own.
My parents have gone out.
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.
My parents have just arrived at the railway station.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My parents have just thrown me out.
My parents have kicked me out of the house.
My parents have made me what I am today.
My parents have only one vehicle.
My parents have separated.
My parents haven't come home yet.
My parents haven't had the opportunity to attend university.
My parents helped us buy a new apartment.
My parents instilled etiquette in me.
My parents instilled in me the importance of good manners.
My parents just had their silver wedding anniversary.
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It’s so annoying!
My parents keep making fun of my deep voice, especially when they mock me, and it annoys me.
My parents know about it.
My parents know my girlfriend.
My parents leave for New Zealand next Saturday.
My parents led a life of self-denial.
My parents left me here all by myself.
My parents left the church.
My parents let me do anything I want to do.
My parents let me do anything I want.
My parents let me do whatever I want to do.
My parents let me do whatever I want.
My parents let me go there.
My parents lied to me.
My parents like her.
My parents like him.
My parents live a carefree life in the countryside.
My parents live at ease in the country.
My parents live in Australia.
My parents live in Boston.
My parents live in Kyoto.
My parents live in Windhoek and I live in Lüderitz.
My parents live in Windhoek; I live in Lüderitz.
My parents live in a beautiful house just a stone's throw from the beach.
My parents live in a big house.
My parents live in a cottage.
My parents live in a log house.
My parents live in log house.
My parents live in the country.
My parents live in the suburbs of the city.
My parents live near Boston.
My parents live near the ocean.
My parents live outside the city.
My parents love Boldi more than they love me.
My parents love Tom.
My parents love each other.
My parents love her.
My parents love him.
My parents love me.
My parents love you.
My parents loved each other.
My parents loved them.
My parents loved you.
My parents made me apologize to Tom.
My parents made me go there.
My parents made me learn French.
My parents made me practice the piano every day.
My parents made me sell my motorcycle.
My parents made me study French.
My parents met each other in the mountains.
My parents met on a blind date.
My parents moved from Algeria, North Africa, to Canada in the 1990's.
My parents moved from Boston to Chicago in 2013.
My parents moved to Algeria.
My parents moved to Boston three months before I was born.
My parents named me after my grandfather.
My parents need to know the truth.
My parents never allow me to do anything.
My parents never allowed me to do anything.
My parents never allowed me to swim alone in the sea.
My parents never had time for me.
My parents never let me do anything.
My parents never let me go to my friends' houses.
My parents never let me watch TV when I was growing up.
My parents never let me watch TV when I was little.
My parents never punished me for anything I did.
My parents never punished me.
My parents never punished us.
My parents never taught me Berber.
My parents never taught me how to do that.
My parents never work on weekends.
My parents now refuse to speak French with me.
My parents object to my opinion.
My parents objected to my going there alone.
My parents objected to my studying abroad.
My parents objected to my traveling alone, saying it would be dangerous.
My parents often argue.
My parents often fight.
My parents often go to the cinema with their friends, but this evening they're watching a film on TV.
My parents often joke that I was an unexpected surprise.
My parents often shout at each other.
My parents only got married because they had me.
My parents own a music store.
My parents own a small restaurant on Park Street.
My parents own the grocery store on Park Street.
My parents own this mine.
My parents paid for my education.
My parents passed away last year.
My parents passed on to me a sense of justice and honesty.
My parents pay my college tuition.
My parents persuaded me not to travel alone.
My parents picked me up from school.
My parents prevented me from marrying him.
My parents probably aren't worried at all.
My parents prohibited me from seeing Tom again.
My parents pushed me to quit the baseball club.
My parents quarrel.
My parents raised me to think for myself.
My parents raised me.
My parents read books and magazines, but I read more.
My parents really liked you.
My parents really love me.
My parents really love their grandchildren.
My parents rely on my monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
My parents retired before I graduated from high school.
My parents run a pension for skiers.
My parents said it's bad luck to walk on your knees.
My parents said that I was too young to do that.
My parents said they have already purchased most of their Christmas presents online.
My parents saw me crying again.
My parents say nothing!
My parents say that specifying your pronouns is unnecessary. They think it should be obvious based on how you look.
My parents send you their best regards.
My parents sent me a postcard.
My parents sent me to fat camp when I was thirteen.
My parents shall be proud of me.
My parents should be proud of me.
My parents spoiled me a bit.
My parents spoiled me.
My parents spoke fluent Berber.
My parents still haven't met my girlfriend.
My parents still support me financially.
My parents stopped giving me pocket money.
My parents supported my personal and work choices.
My parents taught me Berber.
My parents taught me French.
My parents taught me differently.
My parents taught me how to do that.
My parents taught me how to drive.
My parents taught me not to take gifts from strangers.
My parents taught me not to waste money.
My parents taught me right from wrong.
My parents taught me to be a compassionate person.
My parents taught me to be a good person.
My parents taught me to be a kind person.
My parents taught me to be open minded.
My parents taught me to keep my promises.
My parents taught me to keep my word.
My parents taught me to respect my elders.
My parents taught me to show respect to my elders.
My parents taught me to skate when I was three years old.
My parents taught me to stand by my words.
My parents taught me to swim when I was three years old.
My parents taught me to tell the truth.
My parents teach me to abide by my promises.
My parents telegraphed me to come back at once.
My parents think I am at home.
My parents think I'm a creep.
My parents think I'm at home.
My parents think I'm still too young to go downtown by myself.
My parents think I'm studying medicine.
My parents think my friend is a programmer.
My parents think people must work.
My parents think that I'm still too young to go downtown by myself.
My parents threw me out of the house when I was 16.
My parents threw me out.
My parents told me I have to lose three pounds this week.
My parents told me that I need to respect old people.
My parents told me that I was adopted when I was thirteen.
My parents told me that I'm much too young to date.
My parents told me that if I worked hard I would have a good career.
My parents told me that we should respect the elderly.
My parents told me the same stories that Tom's parents told him.
My parents told me they bought me at a shop.
My parents told me to honor my elders.
My parents told me to not ever get in a car with a stranger.
My parents told me we should respect the elderly.
My parents told me we should respect the old.
My parents took my uncle to the airport.
My parents treat me unfairly compared to my brother.
My parents treat me unfairly compared to my sister.
My parents tried to convert me to their way of thinking.
My parents tried to talk him out of marrying her, but he wouldn't listen.
My parents tried to talk him out of marrying her, but he wouldn’t listen.
My parents used to call me Tom.
My parents used to live in France.
My parents used to read me stories when I was a little boy.
My parents used to say they bought me at a shop.
My parents used to watch that show.
My parents usually go to bed after lunch.
My parents usually speak French to each other.
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.
My parents usually take a nap after lunch.
My parents usually take naps after lunch.
My parents want grandchildren.
My parents want me to come home.
My parents want me to study in Australia.
My parents want me to study medicine.
My parents want to dismiss our nurse because they don't have enough money to pay her.
My parents want to divorce.
My parents want to know the truth.
My parents want to meet you.
My parents want to move to another town.
My parents want you to come to dinner with us tomorrow night.
My parents wanted me to go to college.
My parents wanted me to have an Islamic education.
My parents wanted me to learn French.
My parents wanted me to marry a nice guy like Tom, but I was in love with John.
My parents wanted me to marry someone rich.
My parents wanted me to study French.
My parents went to church, but I did not go.
My parents were Muslim.
My parents were Sunni Muslim.
My parents were against our marriage.
My parents were asleep when I got home.
My parents were behind me every step of the way.
My parents were big on honesty.
My parents were born in Aichi Prefecture.
My parents were born in Algeria.
My parents were born in Australia.
My parents were both asleep when I got home.
My parents were both doctors.
My parents were both teachers.
My parents were delighted to hear of the arrival of our baby.
My parents were furious.
My parents were good people.
My parents were invited to Naples.
My parents were living in Australia when I was born.
My parents were living in Boston when I was born.
My parents were missionaries.
My parents were murdered when I was only three years old.
My parents were murdered.
My parents were not good people.
My parents were opposed to our marriage.
My parents were proud of me.
My parents were right.
My parents were running a silk farm.
My parents were satisfied with my grades this year.
My parents were sitting under a tree.
My parents were sitting under the tree.
My parents were surprised to hear the news.
My parents were teachers.
My parents were the ones who taught me how to do that.
My parents were there waiting for me.
My parents were upset.
My parents were very fond of her.
My parents were very permissive.
My parents were very strict.
My parents weren't at home yesterday.
My parents weren't home last weekend.
My parents weren't home yesterday.
My parents weren't pleased.
My parents weren't rich people.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me French.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me how to do that.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me how to drive.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me that.
My parents weren't very happy.
My parents weren't very rich.
My parents weren't very wealthy.
My parents will always extend a helping hand towards me to help me deal better with my mental sickness and to help take off and ease off some of the mental charge associated with my mental sickness.
My parents will be coming for me soon.
My parents will be happy.
My parents will be home about 2:30.
My parents will be home at about 2.30 p.m.
My parents will be home at about 2.30 pm.
My parents will be invited to the school celebration.
My parents will be proud of me.
My parents will disown my brother if they find out that he's gay.
My parents will jump all over me.
My parents will pay for it.
My parents will probably arrive tomorrow morning.
My parents won't allow me to do that.
My parents won't be at home this weekend.
My parents won't be there.
My parents won't let me date.
My parents won't let me do it.
My parents won't let me do that.
My parents won't let me get married until I finish college.
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
My parents won't let me go to the concert.
My parents won't let me go to the party.
My parents won't let me have a dog.
My parents won't mind.
My parents won't permit me to do that.
My parents worry a lot about my mental health and are worried sick about how my mental health is doing.
My parents worry about my health.
My parents would have loved it if my brother or I had become a doctor or lawyer.
My parents would like to meet you.
My parents would love to meet you.
My parents would never allow me to do that.
My parents would never allow me to go to Australia with you.
My parents would never allow me to go to Boston with you.
My parents would never let me do that.
My parents would never let me go to Australia by myself.
My parents would never let me go to Boston by myself.
My parents would never permit me to do that.
My parents would not let me go out with boys.
My parents would repudiate my brother if they ever found out he was gay.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that when I was younger.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that when I was your age.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that.
My parents wouldn't allow me to go by myself.
My parents wouldn't allow me to go to Halloween parties.
My parents wouldn't let me date who I wanted to date.
My parents wouldn't let me do anything else.
My parents wouldn't let me do that.
My parents wouldn't let me drive until I was twenty.
My parents wouldn't let me go to Australia with Tom.
My parents wouldn't let me go to Boston with Tom.
My parents wouldn't let me keep the puppy.
My parents wouldn't let us have a pet.
My parents wouldn't let us keep pets.
My parents wouldn't like it if I did that.
My parents wouldn't like that.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that when I was your age.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that.
My parents wouldn't understand.
My parents wouldn’t allow me to go by myself.
My parents' generation went through the war.
My parents' house is located high on a hill from which one can see the mountains in the east and the ocean in the north.
My parents' house is really big.
My parents' house is very old.
My parents' names are Terry and Christine.
My parents' names are Tom and Mary.
My parents' parents are my grandparents.
My parents' wedding photos are all in black and white.
My parents’ generation went through the war.
My parent’s house is comfortable.
My parrot Cookie speaks French and English.
My parrot can quote Shakespeare!
My parrot died yesterday.
My parrot does not like sunflower seeds.
My parrot doesn't like sunflower seeds.
My parrot flew away.
My parrot is so cute!
My parrot is so sweet.
My part of the deal's done. Now it's your turn.
My part of town also has a railway station.
My part-time job is delivering pizzas.
My partner Prabhu is Hindu.
My partner and I explore different sexual positions.
My partner and I have been winning every game today.
My partner and I work hard.
My partner and my brother are both xennials.
My partner decided to pull out in order to invest in another company.
My partner grills the best mushrooms.
My partner has been calling.
My partner has the virus, but he has it under control with medication.
My partner hasn't yet said he's gay. His family doesn't know.
My partner is Chinese.
My partner is a Soka Gakkai Buddhist.
My partner is asleep.
My partner is cheating with another woman.
My partner is having a relationship outside our marriage.
My partner is nonbinary.
My partner started school at a time when paddles were still used on students.
My partner surprised me with three new multicoloured fish for my salt-water aquarium.
My partner took me to the hospital that she works in because she wanted all her colleagues to laugh at me.
My partner was present at the birth of our baby.
My partner was there when our child was born.
My partners are nonbinary.
My party is kabylity!
My passion for you ignited long ago.
My passion is music.
My passion is the melancholy mournfulness of this meaningless existence.
My passport has been stolen.
My passport has expired.
My passport is missing.
My passport is no longer valid.
My passport isn't here.
My passport was in the bag.
My passport was stolen.
My passport will expire in October.
My passport will expire next year.
My passport's been stolen.
My password was compromised.
My past caught up with me.
My past indiscretions are coming back to haunt me.
My past self is another person.
My past speaks for me.
My pastime is collecting foreign postmarks.
My pastime is collecting insects.
My pastime is painting wild flowers.
My pastime is reading.
My pastor and I don't see eye to eye on the question of the literal interpretation of the bible.
My pastor and I don’t see eye to eye on the question of the literal interpretation of the bible.
My paternal grandfather gave his life for his wife, children, and grandchildren.
My paternal grandfather is my father's father.
My paternal grandfather wasn’t a policeman.
My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.
My paternal grandparents are Canadians.
My patience gave out.
My patience has a limit.
My patience has come to the breaking point.
My patience has finally run out.
My patience has its limits.
My patience has limits.
My patience has reached its limit; stop provoking me.
My patience has run out.
My patience is about to run out.
My patience is at an end.
My patience is coming to an end.
My patience is exhausted.
My patience is nearing its limit.
My patience is not limitless.
My patience is not unlimited.
My patience is now wearing thin.
My patience is running out with you, I warn you.
My patience is running out.
My patience is starting to wear thin.
My patience is wearing really thin.
My patience is wearing thin.
My patience is worn out.
My patience just ran out.
My patience level is lower than a college student's will to live.
My patience quickly runs thin with kids generally speaking if I stay too long around them.
My patient is doing better.
My patients are waiting for me and I'm stuck in a traffic jam.
My pay is insufficient for a vacation.
My peanuts, please.
My pee-pee hurts.
My peers don't play with me.
My pen exploded, and I got ink all over my hands.
My pen has been stolen.
My pen has run out of ink! Can I borrow your pen?
My pen has run out of ink.
My pen is good.
My pen is in my hand.
My pen is new.
My pen is old. I want a new one.
My pen is out of ink.
My pen is smaller than yours.
My pen is this one.
My pen is very easy to write.
My pen is where my book is.
My pen isn't as good as yours.
My pen isn’t as good as yours.
My pen just ran out of ink.
My pen must be looked for.
My pen won't work. What did you do to it?
My pen's run out.
My pen-drive has a virus.
My pencil case is full of colouring pencils.
My pencil fell from the edge of my table.
My pencil fell off the edge of my desk.
My pencil fell off the edge of the table.
My pencil is as sharp as your sword.
My pencil is red.
My pencil is sharper than your sword.
My pencil lead broke.
My pencil was inside my textbook this whole time.
My penis is erect.
My penis is fully erect.
My penis is small.
My people are working on a patch.
My people can be trusted.
My people come from Sweden.
My people consider me a traitor.
My people hold me for a traitor.
My people know that I have a superior intellect.
My people regard me as a traitor.
My people shouldn't have been left this illiterate.
My pepper is as good as your saffron.
My period had become very irregular and my primary care physician suggested I go on the pill.
My period hasn't come.
My period hasn’t come.
My period is five weeks late.
My period is regular.
My periods are irregular.
My periods finished, but I am bleeding again.
My periods finished, but I'm bleeding again.
My periods started to be less frequent and lighter when I was 48.
My personal beliefs put me in no man's land.
My personal favorite is borage. The flower petals smell and taste like cucumber. The fact that you can add it on fruit salads, throw it in your gazpacho or use it to garnish a drink is a nice bonus.
My personal life is none of your business!
My personal life is none of your business.
My personal life is none of your concern.
My personal local butcher looked at me astray when I asked him for an human steak.
My personality comes off as too overbearing for most people.
My personality is not at all serious!
My personality is so overbearting that it can frighten just about anyone.
My personality is too genuine for most people and my own personality doesn't mesh well with the one of others.
My perspective has changed.
My perspective is different from yours.
My perspective is similar to yours.
My perspective often clashes with family values.
My pet bear always sleeps on the floor by my bed, right under the portrait of Putin.
My pet bird chirped all night long.
My pet cat died yesterday.
My pet dinosaur is going to eat you.
My pet dinosaur is gonna eat you.
My pet dog comes dashing towards me as soon as I open the door.
My pet dog was seriously ill.
My pet hate is phones that make noise when someone is typing.
My pet is sick.
My pet mouse is a rapscallion; she keeps escaping from her cage!
My pet peeve is pen clicking.
My pet raccoon can type faster than you.
My petrol gauge is on empty.
My pets always follow me everywhere.
My pets just sleep every day.
My phlegm has blood in it.
My phone automatically updated last night, and now some of my apps aren't working.
My phone battery dies way too fast.
My phone battery is almost dead.
My phone battery is almost flat.
My phone battery is empty.
My phone battery is running low.
My phone battery is starting to give me trouble.
My phone battery runs out quickly.
My phone broke.
My phone cases don't last long.
My phone charger is broken.
My phone charger isn't working.
My phone died just as I got there.
My phone died.
My phone doesn't have Internet access.
My phone doesn't work in this spot of the city.
My phone doesn't work right now.
My phone doesn't work.
My phone fell into the crevice between the two seats.
My phone fell on the floor.
My phone fell out of my hands and shattered on the ground.
My phone got broken.
My phone has a caller ID that lets me screen my calls.
My phone has a dead battery.
My phone has a short in the charging port.
My phone has been acting weird recently.
My phone has been having some performance issues recently.
My phone is about to die.
My phone is already very old.
My phone is always on mute.
My phone is always set to silent.
My phone is beautiful.
My phone is being tapped.
My phone is big.
My phone is broken.
My phone is charging next to me.
My phone is charging.
My phone is dead.
My phone is dying.
My phone is easy to use.
My phone is fully charged.
My phone is handy.
My phone is heavy.
My phone is in my back pocket.
My phone is in my bag.
My phone is in my pocket.
My phone is in the bag.
My phone is muted all the time.
My phone is new, but I don't have money.
My phone is new.
My phone is newer than yours.
My phone is old.
My phone is on mute.
My phone is on the nightstand.
My phone is out of battery.
My phone is ringing!
My phone is ringing.
My phone is set to English.
My phone is still charging.
My phone is vibrating.
My phone isn't new.
My phone isn't working right now.
My phone isn't working.
My phone needs recharged.
My phone needs to be recharged.
My phone needs to have enough storage for my apps.
My phone number changed again.
My phone number has changed again.
My phone number has changed.
My phone number is 090-1234-5678.
My phone number is 2468.
My phone number is 789.
My phone number is: 692-267-752.
My phone rang again.
My phone rang inside my pocket.
My phone rang, but I ignored it.
My phone rang.
My phone screen is damaged.
My phone screen stopped responding to presses.
My phone service has been cut off.
My phone shut off.
My phone stopped working.
My phone sucks.
My phone takes forever to charge.
My phone vibrated.
My phone was broken.
My phone was on silent.
My phone was out of order.
My phone was very expensive.
My phone's always on silent.
My phone's battery life is terrible.
My phone's charging.
My phone's dying.
My phone's interface is set to English.
My phone's memory is full.
My phone's ringing.
My phone's screen has a broken pixel.
My phone's stopped working.
My phone's updating.
My photo library is full of duplicates.
My photo was posted on the honor board.
My physical condition is good.
My physical power has decayed.
My physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
My physics teacher doesn’t care if I skip classes.
My physics teacher is different from what he seems.
My physiotherapist instructed me to do stretching exercises for at least twenty minutes per day.
My piano is old.
My piano teacher told me I should practice at least thirty minutes a day.
My piano teacher told me that I should practice at least thirty minutes a day.
My pickup is stuck in the mud.
My pickup truck has seen its better days.
My picture's in every police station in the country.
My pie, please.
My pig doesn't have a tail.
My pig has no tail.
My pigeon returned in the evening, seriously injured.
My piggy bank is almost full.
My piggy bank is nearly full.
My piggy bank was broken by my naughty sister.
My pillow is so soft!
My pillow is waiting for me.
My pillow was drenched with tears.
My pinky hurts.
My pits started to stink.
My place is a dump.
My place is a mess.
My place is easy to get to.
My place is here.
My place is so tiny! Straight ahead you can't go very far ...
My place is with them now.
My place isn't far from here.
My place isn't usually this much of a mess.
My place or yours?
My place was taken.
My placement supervisor allowed me to take a day off.
My plan covers unlimited calls to landlines, but not mobiles.
My plan did not succeed.
My plan didn't work.
My plan failed time after time.
My plan failed.
My plan fell through.
My plan for the summer is to go to Europe.
My plan has been rejected.
My plan is better than your plan.
My plan is better than yours.
My plan is better.
My plan is different from yours.
My plan is not socialist.
My plan is perfect, I think.
My plan is simple.
My plan is still better than yours.
My plan is to buy a car.
My plan is to do that tomorrow.
My plan is to finish writing all the letters today.
My plan is to get out of here and think of a better plan.
My plan is to go to Australia next summer.
My plan is to go to Boston next summer.
My plan is to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.
My plan is to study in Australia.
My plan is very different.
My plan is visiting old castles in Scotland.
My plan is working perfectly.
My plan is working.
My plan isn't very good.
My plan saved us a lot of money.
My plan to rob a store was thwarted.
My plan to study abroad went by the board when my father died.
My plan was adopted by them.
My plan was adopted.
My plan was eventually adopted.
My plan was rejected.
My plan was simple.
My plan was to ask Tom to do that.
My plan was to go as far as possible that day and find somewhere to camp, and then continue hiking the next day.
My plan was to leave early.
My plan was very effective.
My plan wasn't any good.
My plan worked perfectly.
My plan worked.
My plane departs in an hour.
My plane had already taken off.
My plane leaves at 2 p.m.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
My plane leaves at six o’clock.
My plane takes off in an hour.
My plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
My plane's tomorrow morning.
My planet doesn't exist anymore.
My planet is colder, so I find it hot here.
My plans failed miserably.
My plans failed one after another.
My plans failed one after the other.
My plans for the weekend went pear-shaped when my car broke down on Saturday morning.
My plans have failed one after the other.
My plans haven't changed.
My plants are dying!
My plants are dying.
My plants are happy.
My plants are still alive, even though I've been away on holiday.
My plastic bottle broke.
My playing is full of wrong notes.
My playing is sloppy.
My playing is terrible.
My pleasure to meet you, Ziri.
My pleasure!
My pleasure, Tom.
My pleasure.
My plot has returned to a wild state.
My plug won't fit in that socket.
My pocket dictionary fits in my pocket.
My pocket was picked.
My pocket's empty.
My pockets are full.
My poem of reminiscing spring midnight was created.
My point exactly.
My point is a broader one.
My point of view is contrary to yours.
My point still stands.
My policy is, you pay full price, you get full service.
My political affiliations are none of your business.
My political ideal is democracy. Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized. It is an irony of fate that I should have been showered with so much uncalled for and unmerited admiration and esteem. Perhaps this adulation springs from the unfulfilled wish of the multitude to comprehend the few ideas which I, with my weak powers, have advanced.
My politics are none of your business.
My pool closes at three in the afternoon on the weekend.
My poor Amazigh cost me my job.
My poor English cost me my job.
My poor dumb friend died this morning.
My poor friend's face had suddenly assumed the most dreadful expression. His eyes rolled upwards, his features writhed in agony, and with a suppressed groan he dropped on his face upon the ground.
My poor grandmother is very ill now and I'm afraid she's at death's door.
My poor grandmother is very ill now and I’m afraid she’s at death’s door.
My poor heart is sick.
My poor heart suffers.
My poor sister, she was so young.
My poor state of mind made me distraught.
My poor uncle was there, lying on his bloody bed, with a dagger lodged deeply in his heart.
My portable computer runs Linux.
My portable computer uses Linux.
My portion arrived cold.
My position is very clear.
My positive self-talk creates my reality.
My power is the love of the people.
My power went out several times today.
My prayer to hear from my daughter who's long gone from the world of the hereafter has never been answered and I'm still waiting for signs from the universe.
My prayer was answered.
My prayers are answered.
My prayers are with you.
My prayers go out to you and your family.
My prayers have been answered.
My prayers were answered.
My prayers were heard.
My precious little angel, I promise to always love you unconditionally with all my heart.
My precious!
My precious.
My predecessors had asked their questions of nature with genuine curiosity and awaited her reply.
My prediction was accurate.
My predictions were accurate.
My preferences are very dissimilar to yours.
My premonition turned out to be right.
My preparations are already made—a sword and a cloak, and a bold heart and a determined hand.
My prescription is ready at the pharmacist's.
My presence helps him feel more relaxed.
My presence seems to be unnecessary.
My present is better!
My previous boss was a woman.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
My pride's not hurt.
My primary care provider is Tom Jackson, NP.
My primary concern is your safety.
My principal kicked that teacher out of the school.
My printer doesn't work.
My printer is low on ink.
My printer is very low on all four ink cartridges, and the quality of the printing is poor.
My printer only prints in black and white.
My printer ran out of ink.
My printer's black ink is defective; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger.
My printer’s black ink is defective; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger.
My priorities are different from Tom's.
My priorities are different from yours.
My priorities are different.
My priorities aren't the same as Tom's.
My priorities aren't the same as yours.
My priorities differ from yours.
My priorities have changed.
My private library consists of more than a thousand specimens.
My problem is I don't trust you.
My problem is I love Mary, but she doesn't love me.
My problem is I'm too busy.
My problem is called "procrastination".
My problem is genetic.
My problem is inherited.
My problem is money.
My problem is no different than yours.
My problem is other people know that you're the one who's paying my bills.
My problem is other people know you're the one who's paying my bills.
My problem is that I understand French, but I can't speak it.
My problem is that I understand the language, but I can't speak it.
My problem is that I'm always hungry.
My problem is that my wife doesn't love me anymore.
My problem isn't drinking, but smoking.
My problems are nothing compared to yours.
My problems are very similar to yours.
My problems seem to never end.
My problems won't get better.
My profession is my hobby.
My profession is my passion.
My profession is policemen.
My profession? Poet and humbug.
My professional duties don't allow me to be absent for many days.
My professional life has been full of ups and downs.
My professor didn't have tenure and was fired.
My professor is learning to speak Danish.
My professor is very strict.
My professor of French is my own age.
My professor sneers at science books for the general public.
My professors like me.
My profile pic will not upload.
My profits were just on paper.
My prognosis is bleak.
My progress is minimal.
My project hopes to empower members of the community to make the changes they want to see.
My project is different from yours.
My project won the science fair.
My promise to come next Monday still holds.
My promise to come next Sunday still holds good.
My promotion hangs on his decision.
My pronouns are he/him.
My pronouns are she/her.
My pronouns are they/them.
My pronunciation is accurate, and I sound fluent.
My proposal met with a negative.
My proposal met with unexpected opposition.
My proposal was turned down in the conference.
My provider is unfortunately very expensive.
My psychiatrist is Dr Jackson.
My psychiatrist is Dr. Jackson.
My psychiatrist is crazy.
My pubes are too long. I should trim them.
My public duties take a lot of time.
My pudding looked strange to me.
My pudding was really delicious in the end.
My pulse is fast.
My pulse is low.
My pulse is slow.
My pulse is weak.
My pumpkin was the best.
My punch didn't land.
My punch sent him reeling into the rope.
My punch sent him reeling.
My punctuation isn't perfect.
My pup took a marrow-bone and sat mousy-quiet in a corner.
My pupils are in love with me.
My puppy always howls when Mary sings.
My puppy died, and I'm terribly upset.
My puppy died, and I’m terribly upset.
My purpose in life is to achieve remarkable things.
My purse has been stolen.
My purse is in my bag.
My purse is in my pocket.
My purse must be with him.
My purse was snatched while I was walking through the downtown streets.
My purse was stolen on the bus.
My purse was stolen.
My quality of work is directly related to the quality of the coffee available.
My question is for Tom.
My question is why.
My question requires a response.
My question seemed to surprise Tom.
My question still stands.
My questions concern the phenomenal world.
My questions were met with a frosty silence.
My queue is huge.
My quill ran out of ink this morning.
My rabbits were eaten by a tiger.
My racial composition is just a camouflage.
My radiator leaks.
My radio has broken down again.
My radio has broken.
My radio is broken.
My raft is coming out of the sea. I should go work, love.
My rant had surprised him.
My reading group voted to disband.
My reading is getting better and better.
My real English doesn't interest women. It sounds like sci-fi.
My real address is as follows.
My real dad wouldn't tell me what to say.
My real name has nothing to do with my nickname.
My real name is Mary.
My real name is Tom Jackson.
My real name is Tom.
My real name isn't Tom.
My receptionist is called Marta.
My receptionist's name is Marta.
My reckoning was correct.
My recommendation is that they not be punished.
My recommendation is that you invest in government bonds.
My record speaks for itself.
My recorded voice does not sound like my natural voice.
My records show nothing of interest out there.
My refrigerator does not work anymore.
My refrigerator is full.
My refrigerator is out of order.
My refugee cat speaks with a Vietnamese accent.
My refund came.
My refusal to explain exempts me from the poll.
My refusing to eat meat occasioned an inconvenience, and I was frequently chided for my singularity.
My regards to Tom.
My regret is that, in a world where one so often hungers in vain for friendship, where even not to be wilfully misunderstood is felt as a kindness, I shall never meet in person these appreciative readers, male and female, and shake them by the hand.
My regular waitress wouldn't have anything to do with me.
My regular waitress wouldn’t have anything to do with me.
My reign is supreme.
My relationship with Tom is none of your business.
My relationship with Tom isn't your concern.
My relationship with Tom was nothing but professional.
My relationship with Tony has lasted twenty-five years now, and I don't know whether to end it next spring or not.
My relationship with Tony has lasted twenty-five years now, and I don’t know whether to end it next spring or not.
My relationship with him is a disaster.
My relationship with my boyfriend began yesterday - one of the most memorable days of my life.
My relationships are built on mutual enjoyment.
My relative lives near the school.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
My religion is Islam.
My religion is better than other religions.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is simple: I believe whatever I want.
My religion is to live – and die – without regret.
My religion is work and science, everything else is illusory.
My religion says I can't do this.
My religion, Islam, is an amazing religion.
My religious woman neighbour feels really insecure when she sees anything about science fiction.
My remarks were not aimed at you.
My rent has gone up.
My rent's due tomorrow.
My reply was negative.
My report is due tomorrow.
My reputation has been destroyed.
My reputation has improved.
My reputation is at stake.
My reputation is ruined.
My request has been denied.
My request has been rejected.
My request is denied.
My request is rejected.
My request may seem strange to you.
My request was denied.
My request was granted.
My request was ignored.
My request was refused.
My request was rejected.
My requests were ignored.
My resignation took effect yesterday morning.
My resolution dissolved at the last moment.
My resolution was shaken when I heard about it.
My respect for his power of analysis increased wondrously.
My response is still negative.
My response remains the same.
My responsibility is to keep the company solvent.
My resting heart rate went down by 8 BPM in the last week. I must be getting fit.
My results justify taking drastic action.
My resume isn't as impressive as yours.
My retribution will be swift.
My ribs are a bird cage.
My rich neighbors belong to a private golf club.
My ride is arriving at 2:30.
My ride is coming at 2:30.
My rifle wasn't loaded.
My rifle's empty.
My right arm is in a sling.
My right arm is strong.
My right arm is stronger.
My right elbow hurts a lot.
My right eye feels hot.
My right eye is much better than my left eye.
My right foot hurts.
My right foot is numb.
My right foot is sleeping.
My right hand has fallen asleep.
My right hand hurts.
My right hand is Uighur, and my left is Han.
My right hand is numb.
My right leg hurts.
My right leg is broken.
My right leg was injured in that accident.
My right shoulder hurts.
My right turn signal doesn't work.
My rights were violated.
My rights will always be important to me.
My rights will always come first.
My rights will be my main focus.
My ring is gone.
My rival I embrace, only but to choke him.
My rizz is silent but deadly.
My robot will prepare meals, clean, wash dishes, and perform other household tasks.
My robot won't stop beeping.
My robot's name is Maruchi.
My robot's name is Multi.
My robot’s name is Maruchi.
My robot’s name is Multi.
My rock-paper-scissors is weak. I've never heard of a sure fire way to win.
My roof has a hole in it.
My roof has a leak.
My roof is leaking.
My roof leaks.
My roof's got a leak.
My room doesn't have curtains.
My room faces east.
My room faces south, which makes it sunny and very comfortable.
My room faces the garden.
My room faces the street.
My room had a picturesque view of the mountains.
My room has a large closet.
My room has a view of the garden.
My room has no door.
My room has only one window.
My room has three windows.
My room has two windows.
My room is a calm space where I can relax while listening to my favorite music.
My room is a calm, relaxing place where I can listen to my favorite music.
My room is a complete mess.
My room is a little small, but comfortable.
My room is a lot messier than yours is.
My room is a lot messier than yours.
My room is a mess.
My room is a mess. I need to tidy it up.
My room is a pigsty.
My room is a real mess.
My room is a tip.
My room is a tip. I need to tidy it.
My room is almost six meters long.
My room is always clean.
My room is always neat.
My room is always tidy.
My room is an inviolable refuge.
My room is as large as yours is.
My room is as large as yours.
My room is cleaner than yours.
My room is comfortable, if it is a little small.
My room is dirty.
My room is down the hall.
My room is just above.
My room is just below.
My room is messy.
My room is much smaller than yours.
My room is next to Tom's.
My room is number 5.
My room is number five.
My room is number fourteen on the third floor.
My room is on the fourth floor.
My room is on the third floor.
My room is on the upper floor.
My room is only slightly larger than yours.
My room is quite small.
My room is really good, though a little bit chilly.
My room is really small.
My room is small, but it's big enough for me.
My room is small, but it's large enough for me.
My room is smaller than my brother's.
My room is so cluttered that I'm too embarrassed to invite anyone in.
My room is teeming with danger.
My room is three times as large as yours.
My room is tiny.
My room is twice as big as his.
My room is twice as large as yours.
My room is upstairs on the left.
My room is upstairs.
My room is very messy.
My room is very small.
My room is very untidy. I must put it in order.
My room isn't as large as yours.
My room isn't clean.
My room isn't like yours.
My room isn't very big.
My room isn't very clean.
My room isn't very large.
My room key, please.
My room looks like a mess.
My room looks out on the street.
My room must be a mess.
My room number is 5.
My room was broken into.
My room was drowned in moonlight last night.
My room was in the left wing, and looked out over the park.
My room wasn't clean.
My room's a little messy.
My room's a mess.
My room's a real mess.
My roommate complained about the noise.
My roommate entered the room.
My roommate from the barracks, who can't hold his liquor, came home after the party and puked all over my new shoes.
My roommate is 20 years old, and didn't know what a clitoris was until a few weeks ago. He thinks that his lack of knowledge is self-explanatory because he is gay, but I don't buy it. I think it just goes to show how shitty the public education system is here.
My roommate is a nitwit; he never cleans up after himself.
My roommate is crazy.
My roommate is here.
My roommate is in Mexico. You should come over.
My roommate is learning Chinese.
My roommate is prodigal when it comes to spending money on movies; he buys them the day they're released, regardless of price.
My roommate is prodigal when it comes to spending money on movies; he buys them the day they’re released, regardless of price.
My roommate is so disgusting.
My roommate is studying Chinese.
My roommate is too talkative.
My roommate walked into the room.
My roommate's having a party.
My roommate's name is Tom.
My roommate, who can't hold his liquor, came home after the party and barfed all over my new shoes!
My roommates have already explained to me who BjÃ¶rk is.
My roommates have already explained to me who Björk is.
My roommate’s having a party.
My roots are there.
My roses are covered in aphids, to say nothing of the ants!
My rota is showing a lot of additional working times.
My rota is very full this week.
My routine is to read the newspaper before breakfast.
My rowboat has a leak.
My rucksack is very heavy.
My rule always was to do the business of the day in the day.
My rusty Ford broke down, obstructing the intersection.
My sacrifice will keep you united and my name will be your battle standard.
My sacrifice will remain forever in their souls and my blood will be the price of their ransom.
My sailboat has a leak.
My salad is incomplete without avocado.
My salary doesn't allow us to live extravagantly.
My salary doesn't suit me. I am going to look for a different job.
My salary doesn’t allow us to live extravagantly.
My salary increased in February.
My salary is 300,000 yen.
My salary is miserly.
My salary is much higher than yours.
My salary is not sufficient for me to go on holiday.
My salary is very low.
My salary isn't as high as you think it is.
My salary isn't as high as yours is.
My salary isn't as high as yours.
My salary rose in April.
My salary was high this month.
My sales ad wasn't responded to.
My sales are good this month.
My sat nav doesn't work abroad.
My sat nav doesn’t work abroad.
My satchel is really heavy.
My save file got corrupted.
My save got corrupted.
My savings are so small that they won't last much longer.
My savings are so small that they won’t last much longer.
My savings ran out faster than I expected.
My savings will run out soon.
My savings will soon run out.
My scalp is itchy.
My scalp is really itchy.
My scalp is very itchy.
My scalp itches.
My scarf is blue.
My scars have your name.
My schedule has been changed.
My schedule has changed, so I'll be able to be at your birthday party after all.
My schedule is a little tight.
My schedule is already full.
My schedule is always packed.
My schedule is insane.
My schedule is often quite full.
My schedule is pretty crazy.
My schedule is pretty packed.
My schedule is rather tight.
My schedule is really tight right now.
My schedule is tight for the next three days.
My schedule's really full right now.
My schedule’s really full right now.
My school grades have been average.
My school grades were average.
My school has 1,000 students.
My school has Uighur, Han, Kazakh, Hui, Mongol, Kirghiz, Xibo, Tajik, and Uzbek ethnicities, among others.
My school has a band.
My school is about ten minutes away from the station.
My school is about ten minutes' walk from the station.
My school is about ten minutes’ walk from the station.
My school is almost ten minutes from the station.
My school is getting ready for the campus music festival.
My school is near to the station.
My school is on the left.
My school is only a bike ride away.
My school is three kilometers from my home.
My school is to the left of my house.
My school library has a collection of 2.5 million books.
My school marks were average.
My schoolbag is heavy as hell.
My schoolbag is very heavy.
My schoolmate is holding a map of Beijing in his hand.
My science is superior to your religion.
My scientific notions do not conflict with my spiritual notions.
My screen is cracked.
My screw gun is making weird noises.
My script should be ready in half an hour.
My season ticket expires on March 31.
My season ticket expires on March 31st.
My season ticket expires on March thirty-first.
My seat is in the third row. Where are you sitting?
My seat is near the door.
My seat is next to yours.
My seat is on flight 102 on Monday at 8 a.m.
My seat is this window seat.
My second appointment was with a man who was stressed out from work.
My second child doesn't like school as much as the first one.
My second primary school teacher (1941) was a beautiful blonde named Helena.
My secondary school has a great library.
My secret ingredient is pumpkin.
My secret lover has set out on his way towards me.
My secret lover is hiding his face from the big crowd.
My secret lover is on his way for me.
My secret religion is Lojban.
My secret to staying young... Having no sense of time.
My secretary has a good command of English.
My secretary has a good command of the English language.
My secretary has been calling.
My secretary is incompetent.
My secretary is pushing for a promotion.
My secretary is the sweetest person in the whole office.
My secretary is typing my texts and my assistant is talking on telephone.
My secretary said it was urgent.
My secretary told me you phoned.
My secretary understands French quite well.
My secretary will show you out.
My self-esteem was so low that I didn't believe I was capable of hurting anyone.
My sense of direction is abysmal. If I'm supposed to go north, I'll definitely head south. It's always been like that.
My sense of honor forbids me to remain silent.
My sense of responsibility is a prison.
My sense of self preservation keeps me from jumping out of perfectly good airplanes.
My sense of smell is weakening.
My sense of smell isn't as good as yours.
My sensors detect an intruder in the area.
My sentence is original.
My sentence was wrong, but the teacher corrected it.
My sentences and my opinions only sometimes overlap.
My sentences are heavily disliked by your bots.
My sentences are my ideas, so please don't steal them.
My sentences are my property, my creation. Don't steal them!
My sentences are not sacrosanct.
My sentences are original: this is why those who shamelessly plagiarize me denounce themselves.
My sentences were translated into Russian.
My services are free.
My seven-year-old niece said to her brother "I'll tell on you."
My seven-year-old niece said to her brother "I’ll tell on you."
My shift begins at noon.
My shift ends at five.
My shift ends at midnight.
My shift is over.
My shift starts at 2:30.
My shift starts at noon.
My shift will be over in three hours.
My shift's almost done.
My shift's almost over.
My shift's over in a couple of hours.
My shift's over in fifteen minutes.
My shift's over soon.
My shift's over.
My shinbone was injured.
My ships are in the sea.
My shirt is clean, and yours is dirty.
My shirt is dirty.
My shirt is drying on the clothesline.
My shirt is made of cotton.
My shirt is made of wool.
My shirt is orange.
My shirt is red and my shoes are dark blue.
My shirt is torn at the elbow.
My shirt is wet.
My shirt is wool.
My shirt isn't brown.
My shirt isn't dry yet.
My shirt isn’t dry yet.
My shirt needs to be washed.
My shirt shrank in the washing machine.
My shirt was ruined.
My shirt was soaked with sweat, so I took it off and put on another one.
My shoe came undone.
My shoe came untied.
My shoe size is 45.
My shoe size is the same as Tom's.
My shoelace broke.
My shoelace came undone.
My shoelace got caught in the escalator.
My shoelace has snapped. I'll be there in a minute.
My shoelace has snapped. I'll be there in a second.
My shoelace has snapped. I'll be with you in a tick.
My shoelace's snapped. I'll be there in a sec.
My shoelaces are untied.
My shoelaces came undone.
My shoelaces came untied as I was walking down the street.
My shoes and socks are wet.
My shoes are bigger than Tom's.
My shoes are bigger than yours.
My shoes are brown.
My shoes are chafing my feet.
My shoes are completely worn out.
My shoes are covered with dirt.
My shoes are dirty.
My shoes are giving me blisters.
My shoes are gone.
My shoes are missing.
My shoes are newer than yours.
My shoes are not comfortable.
My shoes are old, but his are new.
My shoes are old, while his are new.
My shoes are smaller than yours.
My shoes are the same size as Tom's shoe size.
My shoes are the same size as Tom's.
My shoes are the same size as his.
My shoes are too old. I need some new ones.
My shoes are too small.
My shoes are too small. I need new ones.
My shoes are too tight.
My shoes are under the desk.
My shoes are wet.
My shoes are worn down at the heels.
My shoes are worn out.
My shoes are worn out. I need to buy a new pair.
My shoes aren't here.
My shoes don't fit me very well.
My shoes got soaked.
My shoes got soaking wet.
My shoes got wet.
My shoes have holes in them.
My shoes have very long laces.
My shoes hurt.
My shoes hurt. I'm in agony.
My shoes hurt. I’m in agony.
My shoes need polishing.
My shoes need to be resoled.
My shoes squeak.
My shoes want repairing.
My shoes were hurting me until I wore into them a bit.
My shoes will have to be mended.
My shoes won't bear wearing twice.
My shoes won’t bear wearing twice.
My shop is on the main street of the town.
My shopping bag broke.
My short-term memory is getting shorter and shorter.
My shoulder hurts so much, I don't know what to do.
My shoulder hurts when I lift my arm.
My shoulder hurts.
My shoulder is OK now.
My shoulder is fine now.
My shoulder really aches.
My shoulders are fine now.
My shoulders are stiff.
My shoulders are tired from carrying so much weight.
My shoulders feel stiff.
My shoulders hurt.
My shower drain is clogged.
My shrink is nuts.
My sibling hates me.
My sibling is at their desk.
My sibling is nonbinary.
My sibling is out of work.
My sibling often cries.
My sibling passed away yesterday.
My sibling will only stop using the phone when the battery is at 1%.
My sibling wrote many stories.
My siblings and I were all smiles at the beach.
My siblings and I were raised in an one-parent family.
My siblings are often at loggerheads over toys.
My siblings have eleven cats and two dogs.
My siblings have left it to me to take care of my aging mother.
My siblings slept in the garden.
My siblings won't be at home tomorrow.
My siblings!
My sickness, no other person has it.
My side mirror is misaligned.
My side mirror is out of alignment.
My side mirror isn't aligned.
My sides ache, doctor.
My sight is essential for my work.
My sight is not as good as it used to be.
My sight is not what it used to be.
My sight isn't as good as it used to be.
My sight isn't good; I have to wear glasses.
My sight isn’t good; I have to wear glasses.
My sign of the Zodiac is Virgo. What's yours?
My signature is meaningful, majestic and inimitable.
My signature is on all my books.
My signature was forged.
My significant other and I often go bowling.
My significant other has 3 nipples.
My significant other works at a language school and loves it very much.
My silence can only be bought with a kiss.
My silence is not to be read as consent.
My silence is priceless and can't be bought, no matter the offer or amount.
My silence made Tom angry.
My silence made Tom even angrier.
My silence made her even angrier.
My sincere condolences!
My sister Julia and I were twins, and we were only two years old at the time of my mother's re-marriage.
My sister Mary is now in Boston.
My sister Susan gets up early every morning.
My sister adored, and at the same time feared, my father.
My sister adores music.
My sister also became Muslim.
My sister always chooses the bigger one.
My sister always keeps her room clean.
My sister always keeps spare rubber bands in her wallet to tie her hair.
My sister always makes fun of me.
My sister always wears jeans, but now she's buying a skirt for Tom's party.
My sister and I are about the same age.
My sister and I are best friends.
My sister and I are different in every way.
My sister and I are nothing alike.
