Sami saw Layla with her purse open.
Sami saw Layla's Facebook.
Sami saw Layla's YouTube video.
Sami saw Layla's apartment.
Sami saw Layla's ass.
Sami saw Layla's beautiful face.
Sami saw Layla's car all the time.
Sami saw Layla's car in the driveway.
Sami saw Layla's car in the parking lot.
Sami saw Layla's car pull up.
Sami saw Layla's car.
Sami saw Layla's clothes there.
Sami saw Layla's credit card.
Sami saw Layla's e-mail.
Sami saw Layla's face.
Sami saw Layla's father.
Sami saw Layla's feet.
Sami saw Layla's gun.
Sami saw Layla's headlights.
Sami saw Layla's last video.
Sami saw Layla's little brother.
Sami saw Layla's message pop up.
Sami saw Layla's message.
Sami saw Layla's minivan in her driveway.
Sami saw Layla's mugshot and recognized her.
Sami saw Layla's name.
Sami saw Layla's nipples.
Sami saw Layla's note.
Sami saw Layla's photo shoot online.
Sami saw Layla's photos on Facebook.
Sami saw Layla's photos.
Sami saw Layla's picture on Twitter.
Sami saw Layla's pictures online.
Sami saw Layla's reaction.
Sami saw Layla's recent videos.
Sami saw Layla's room.
Sami saw Layla's rusty broken-down little car.
Sami saw Layla's shoes.
Sami saw Layla's sister.
Sami saw Layla's tattoo.
Sami saw Layla's video.
Sami saw Layla.
Sami saw Muslims praying.
Sami saw a French bulldog.
Sami saw a beautiful orange butterfly.
Sami saw a black Beamer in his driveway.
Sami saw a black cat.
Sami saw a black mass moving inside of his closet.
Sami saw a blaring light coming from behind his car.
Sami saw a building.
Sami saw a car parked across the street.
Sami saw a car parked there.
Sami saw a car pull up.
Sami saw a cluster of kids standing on the balcony.
Sami saw a completely different side of Layla.
Sami saw a coyote.
Sami saw a dead octopus on the beach.
Sami saw a deer on his farm.
Sami saw a dirty-looking guy walking around the office.
Sami saw a dog sitting in that room.
Sami saw a fight in school.
Sami saw a ghost behind him.
Sami saw a ghost in the attic.
Sami saw a girl having sexual intercourse with a dog.
Sami saw a girl pop up on his Instagram.
Sami saw a girl with red hair.
Sami saw a gun by Layla's hand.
Sami saw a handprint on the ceiling.
Sami saw a head come over the wall.
Sami saw a huge black mass moving in his closet.
Sami saw a lot of faces that he didn't know.
Sami saw a man prowling the parking lot.
Sami saw a man walking through the front door.
Sami saw a man with a dog.
Sami saw a mass of people.
Sami saw a message pop up.
Sami saw a name that looked familiar.
Sami saw a picture of Layla with Farid on Facebook.
Sami saw a picture of the woman.
Sami saw a porcupine in his backyard.
Sami saw a psychiatrist.
Sami saw a raccoon.
Sami saw a rocking chair.
Sami saw a scruffy old dog.
Sami saw a shadow in the window.
Sami saw a shark.
Sami saw a spider crawling across the table.
Sami saw a spider crawling on Layla's back.
Sami saw a squirrel on the road.
Sami saw a strange black mass moving inside his closet.
Sami saw a strange guy hanging around his house.
Sami saw a tall guy standing behind Layla.
Sami saw a very different side of Layla.
Sami saw a white dog in the backyard.
Sami saw a white minivan.
Sami saw a white van.
Sami saw a woman standing there.
Sami saw a young boy sitting on a bench.
Sami saw adolescent young girls as prey.
Sami saw all that dirty shit in the kitchen.
Sami saw an opportunity to assault Layla sexually.
Sami saw an opportunity.
Sami saw an orange butterfly fly out of the bush.
Sami saw another woman with hijab in the mall.
Sami saw blood all over his arms and hands.
Sami saw blood.
Sami saw confusion on Layla's face.
Sami saw droplets inside the flask.
Sami saw everything.
Sami saw glory holes everywhere in that whore house.
Sami saw hair everywhere.
Sami saw headlights coming down the driveway.
Sami saw headlights coming.
Sami saw her.
Sami saw him.
Sami saw himself in the video.
Sami saw his class with his teacher leaving the gym.
Sami saw his face in the mirror.
Sami saw his father doing that.
Sami saw his father laying across a chair with blood all over him.
Sami saw his father push his mother to the ground.
Sami saw his friends.
Sami saw his girlfriend talking to a boy.
Sami saw his girlfriend talking to a dude at the party.
Sami saw it again.
Sami saw it coming.
Sami saw it with his own eyes.
Sami saw it, too.
Sami saw it.
Sami saw jewelry in Layla's purse.
Sami saw many blue doors with numbers on them.
Sami saw many familiar faces at the bar.
Sami saw many prairie dogs.
Sami saw me watching TV.
Sami saw me with Layla.
Sami saw me.
Sami saw more and more photos of Layla.
Sami saw my car in the driveway.
Sami saw my face.
Sami saw no improvement in Layla's condition.
Sami saw no light.
Sami saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Sami saw one of the biggest diamond rings that he had ever laid his eyes on.
Sami saw people dancing on the beach.
Sami saw pictures of Layla smoking.
Sami saw snakes coming out from the hole.
Sami saw some messages between Layla and other men on her Facebook page.
Sami saw some shit in that haunted house.
Sami saw somebody else.
Sami saw somebody outside.
Sami saw someone coming.
Sami saw someone in a grey hoodie standing by his car.
Sami saw someone moving outside.
Sami saw someone walking along the road.
Sami saw something moving around.
Sami saw something moving in the dark.
Sami saw something moving.
Sami saw something strange in the bathroom.
Sami saw something strange.
Sami saw something very unusual.
Sami saw syringes on the floor.
Sami saw that Layla was upset.
Sami saw that e-mail address.
Sami saw that girl staring at him from afar.
Sami saw that girl's face.
Sami saw that guy.
Sami saw that huge red mark on Layla's face.
Sami saw that in a pornographic movie.
Sami saw that look on Layla's face.
Sami saw that man again.
Sami saw that man all the time.
Sami saw that movie.
Sami saw that something had been going on between Layla and Farid.
Sami saw that town as the perfect place to set up his dental practice.
Sami saw that woman.
Sami saw that, too.
Sami saw that.
Sami saw the arrogance in Layla.
Sami saw the ball game.
Sami saw the blue car coming down the road.
Sami saw the body up.
Sami saw the bottle of champagne.
Sami saw the bus coming.
Sami saw the bus go by.
Sami saw the cabinet door in the kitchen slam open.
Sami saw the car sitting on the street, outside Layla's house.
Sami saw the cops outside.
Sami saw the cops.
Sami saw the damage.
Sami saw the documentary.
Sami saw the dog but ignored it.
Sami saw the dog.
Sami saw the door slowly begin to open.
Sami saw the entire thing.
Sami saw the face of the ghost.
Sami saw the fight.
Sami saw the flames.
Sami saw the flash.
Sami saw the flyer.
Sami saw the ghost going up in the air.
Sami saw the gun.
Sami saw the helicopter and waved his arms.
Sami saw the house from the highway.
Sami saw the house.
Sami saw the mark on Layla's face.
Sami saw the movie American Beauty.
Sami saw the movie.
Sami saw the pale face of a ghost.
Sami saw the panties.
Sami saw the police officers standing there.
Sami saw the right Farid gave to Layla.
Sami saw the scene.
Sami saw the silhouette of a person.
Sami saw the story in the paper.
Sami saw the video footage.
Sami saw the videos.
Sami saw the woman.
Sami saw them there.
Sami saw there was blood everywhere.
Sami saw things in a different way.
Sami saw this guy.
Sami saw this shit.
Sami saw this video.
Sami saw this.
Sami saw those drawings.
Sami saw tons of cops in the area.
Sami saw trees.
Sami saw two other girls.
Sami saw what Layla wanted him to see.
Sami saw what happened.
Sami saw what just happened.
Sami saw what was going on.
Sami saw what was happening.
Sami says he didn't do it.
Sami says he doesn't want to do that anymore.
Sami says he never thinks about Layla anymore.
Sami says hello to me in the morning.
Sami says it all the time.
Sami says it takes a to piss him off.
Sami says that traffic is psychotic in Cairo.
Sami says the opposite.
Sami says this every time.
Sami says this happened later but he doesn't remember how much later.
Sami scammed Layla out of money.
Sami scammed Layla.
Sami scared Layla so much.
Sami scared Layla to death.
Sami scared Layla's cat.
Sami scared Layla.
Sami scared everybody.
Sami scared me.
Sami scared the children away.
Sami scared the children to death.
Sami scared the crap out of me.
Sami scared the hell out of Layla.
Sami scared the kids away.
Sami scared the living crap out of me.
Sami scared the shit out of me.
Sami scared us to death.
Sami scares me.
Sami scattered Layla's body parts around the city.
Sami scavenged for food.
Sami scheduled a conference room for the CEO.
Sami scheduled a second meeting with the police chief.
Sami scheduled another meeting with the police chief.
Sami scored three goals.
Sami scoured the Internet to find more information about that.
Sami scratched his back with the remote control.
Sami scratched his heel so much that it started to bleed.
Sami screamed and yelled.
Sami screamed at the top of his voice.
Sami screamed in Layla's face.
Sami screamed.
Sami screenshot Layla's e-mail and e-mailed it to Farid.
Sami screenshot Layla's message and sent it to Farid.
Sami screenshot Layla's messages.
Sami screenshot Layla's picture and sent it to Farid.
Sami screenshot Layla's text message.
Sami screenshot a Google map.
Sami scrubbed the stain.
Sami scurried away.
Sami scurried back to his desk.
Sami scurried off.
Sami sealed his pledge to Layla with a tattoo.
Sami searched Layla's body for all the valuables.
Sami searched Layla's name on Google.
Sami searched Layla's name on Instagram.
Sami searched Layla's room and found her diary.
Sami searched everything.
Sami searched everywhere in the house.
Sami searched everywhere.
Sami searched for Layla in every single room of that house.
Sami searched for Layla through the night.
Sami searched for his children in Egypt but in vain.
Sami searched the Internet for answers.
Sami searched the house and found nothing.
Sami searched the house for Layla.
Sami searched the video on Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami searched the whole globe to find Layla.
Sami searched the whole house and no one was there.
Sami secretly converted to Christianity.
Sami secretly enjoyed the company of another woman while his wife suffered a terminal illness and needed his support more than ever.
Sami secretly recorded Layla.
Sami secretly struggled with his homosexuality.
Sami secretly terrorized his neighbors, sending them anonymous death threats.
Sami secured a job interview.
Sami seduced one of the female guards.
Sami seduces women.
Sami seemed OK.
Sami seemed a little bored.
Sami seemed a little more mature.
Sami seemed a little nervous.
Sami seemed a lot older than what he was.
Sami seemed an unlikely suspect.
Sami seemed cool.
Sami seemed emotionally drained.
Sami seemed he knew what he was doing.
Sami seemed he was angry about it.
Sami seemed he was trying to hide something.
Sami seemed his usual outgoing self.
Sami seemed like Mr. Right.
Sami seemed like a crazy person.
Sami seemed like a creep.
Sami seemed like a good dad.
Sami seemed like a likely suspect.
Sami seemed like a nice guy.
Sami seemed like a really nice person.
Sami seemed like a rude person.
Sami seemed like the perfect guy.
Sami seemed nice.
Sami seemed normal at first.
Sami seemed older.
Sami seemed pretty upset.
Sami seemed really concerned about Layla.
Sami seemed really concerned.
Sami seemed really genuine.
Sami seemed really nervous.
Sami seemed really nice.
Sami seemed really remorseful.
Sami seemed really shy.
Sami seemed sincere.
Sami seemed so genuine.
Sami seemed so nervous.
Sami seemed so tired.
Sami seemed the perfect model of the successful businessman.
Sami seemed to adore Layla.
Sami seemed to be a bad influence on Layla.
Sami seemed to be a very mild-mannered man.
Sami seemed to be acquainted with his killer.
Sami seemed to be enjoying all the fuss and the festivities.
Sami seemed to be in love with Layla.
Sami seemed to be living exceedingly well.
Sami seemed to be losing money head over fist.
Sami seemed to be missing.
Sami seemed to be on the right path.
Sami seemed to feel trapped.
Sami seemed to have it all.
Sami seemed to have no known enemies.
Sami seemed to have the edge on his older brother.
Sami seemed to love Layla.
Sami seemed to love those videos.
Sami seemed to realize the seriousness of the situation.
Sami seemed to really love and care about the members of his congregation.
Sami seemed to treat Layla with respect.
Sami seemed unorganized.
Sami seemed upset.
Sami seemed very dishevelled and confused.
Sami seemed very mysterious.
Sami seemed very nervous.
Sami seemed very normal.
Sami seemed very outgoing.
Sami seemed very regretful.
Sami seemed very rude.
Sami seemed very sincere.
Sami seemed very, very sincere.
Sami seems a little tense.
Sami seems busy.
Sami seems cool.
Sami seems he has learned his lesson.
Sami seems like a great guy.
Sami seems nice.
Sami seems pretty special to me.
Sami seems to be loving every minute of it.
Sami seems to be taking his job very seriously.
Sami seems to know nothing about his.
Sami sees Layla do this.
Sami sees Layla every week.
Sami sees Layla once a year.
Sami sees a psychiatrist.
Sami sees a therapist three times a week.
Sami sees everything in a different light.
Sami sees me as more than a friend.
Sami sees things very differently.
Sami sees this every day.
Sami sees those people as his brothers.
Sami seethed with rage.
Sami seized the moment.
Sami selected Layla to be the scapegoat.
Sami sells appliances.
Sami sells camels in Cairo.
Sami sells drinks at a club.
Sami sells fake alcohol at his club.
Sami sells jewelry.
Sami sells lemonade in the market.
Sami sells stuffed animals.
Sami sells trucks.
Sami sells weed in high school.
Sami sells weed.
Sami sells whisky.
Sami sensed he had made a mistake by hiring Layla.
Sami sensed he wasn't alone.
Sami sensed his wife was back to her cheating ways.
Sami sensed something was wrong.
Sami sensed that something was going on.
Sami sensed that something was very wrong.
Sami sensed that something wasn't quite right.
Sami sent Farid a homophobic message.
Sami sent Layla a birthday card.
Sami sent Layla a bunch for Chinese characters.
Sami sent Layla a crazy text.
Sami sent Layla a flower emoji.
Sami sent Layla a friendship request.
Sami sent Layla a funny picture.
Sami sent Layla a gift card.
Sami sent Layla a gift.
Sami sent Layla a goodnight text message.
Sami sent Layla a hand emoji.
Sami sent Layla a lengthy text message.
Sami sent Layla a letter.
Sami sent Layla a link to a picture.
Sami sent Layla a link.
Sami sent Layla a long letter.
Sami sent Layla a lot of letters.
Sami sent Layla a meme.
Sami sent Layla a picture message.
Sami sent Layla a picture of Farid.
Sami sent Layla a picture of him shirtless.
Sami sent Layla a picture of his dick.
Sami sent Layla a picture of his penis.
Sami sent Layla a picture right away.
Sami sent Layla a picture.
Sami sent Layla a postcard.
Sami sent Layla a private message.
Sami sent Layla a screenshot of the e-mail.
Sami sent Layla a screenshot.
Sami sent Layla a simple message.
Sami sent Layla a text.
Sami sent Layla a very poetic text message.
Sami sent Layla a video link.
Sami sent Layla a video.
Sami sent Layla a waving hand emoji.
Sami sent Layla an e-mail.
Sami sent Layla an emoji.
Sami sent Layla an inspirational quote.
Sami sent Layla an invitation.
Sami sent Layla another e-mail.
Sami sent Layla another letter.
Sami sent Layla back to her Egyptian homeland.
Sami sent Layla back to school.
Sami sent Layla death threats.
Sami sent Layla e-mails for updates.
Sami sent Layla flowers.
Sami sent Layla horrible videos about Islam.
Sami sent Layla information.
Sami sent Layla letters but they were unanswered.
Sami sent Layla letters.
Sami sent Layla love letters.
Sami sent Layla many letters but they kept bouncing back from Egypt.
Sami sent Layla many letters.
Sami sent Layla many text messages.
Sami sent Layla messages requesting that she contact him.
Sami sent Layla messages.
Sami sent Layla money every month.
Sami sent Layla next door to get help.
Sami sent Layla nudes through text message.
Sami sent Layla photos of his torso.
Sami sent Layla pictures of his dick.
Sami sent Layla questions about her relationship with Farid.
Sami sent Layla questions.
Sami sent Layla really bizarre letters.
Sami sent Layla romantic novels through texts.
Sami sent Layla screenshots of Farid's messages.
Sami sent Layla so many scary videos.
Sami sent Layla some books.
Sami sent Layla some creepy pictures.
Sami sent Layla some nudes.
Sami sent Layla some pictures of his.
Sami sent Layla some questions.
Sami sent Layla some really disgusting stuff.
Sami sent Layla some sexy photos.
Sami sent Layla that message from his phone.
Sami sent Layla the link to his video.
Sami sent Layla the link to the video.
Sami sent Layla the link.
Sami sent Layla the rest of the story.
Sami sent Layla the video.
Sami sent Layla this photo a few days ago.
Sami sent Layla this photo on Twitter.
Sami sent Layla thousands of messages via Facebook.
Sami sent Layla to Egypt.
Sami sent Layla to an early grave.
Sami sent Layla to get him a Starbucks.
Sami sent Layla to get some ice cream.
Sami sent Layla to look for the money.
Sami sent Layla to the bank.
Sami sent Layla two hundred letters.
Sami sent Layla two versions of the story.
Sami sent Layla's nudes to her dad.
Sami sent Layla's son to an early grave.
Sami sent Layla's threatening video to the cops.
Sami sent Layla's topless photos to her dad.
Sami sent a car to take Layla home.
Sami sent a donation to the orphanage.
Sami sent a handwritten letter to the manager.
Sami sent a letter to Layla.
Sami sent a new message.
Sami sent a picture to Layla.
Sami sent a picture.
Sami sent a sexy selfie of himself.
Sami sent a text message to Layla at midnight.
Sami sent a text to his parents saying that he had converted to Islam.
Sami sent a very friendly e-mail to Layla.
Sami sent a very poetic text message to Layla.
Sami sent an MP a letter declaring his innocence.
Sami sent an e-mail to Layla.
Sami sent blessings upon the Prophet.
Sami sent his application.
Sami sent his boos weekly updates.
Sami sent his boss an e-mail.
Sami sent his boss his schedule.
Sami sent his daughter to school.
Sami sent his mistress 3000 voice messages.
Sami sent his mother here to take his things.
Sami sent his resume.
Sami sent his video to the casting director.
Sami sent joyful text messages to Layla.
Sami sent me a picture of his car.
Sami sent me a picture.
Sami sent me a private message.
Sami sent me a text message.
Sami sent me an e-mail.
Sami sent me e-mails.
Sami sent me home.
Sami sent me pictures.
Sami sent me that shit off of Layla's phone.
Sami sent me the story.
Sami sent money home.
Sami sent over sixty e-mails to Layla.
Sami sent peace and blessings upon the Prophet Muhammad.
Sami sent salawat upon the Prophet.
Sami sent the bank a nasty letter.
Sami sent the kids outside to play.
Sami sent the link to his video to a group chat.
Sami sent the link to over sixty of his Facebook friends.
Sami sent the message anonymously.
Sami sent the message to Layla via Twitter.
Sami sent the message to his sister.
Sami sent the photos to Layla's e-mail.
Sami sent the picture to Layla.
Sami sent the pictures to Layla's e-mail.
Sami sent the pictures to Layla.
Sami sent the screenshot of Layla's threatening message to his teacher.
Sami sent the text message to both Layla and Farid.
Sami sent the text to me by accident.
Sami sent the video to Layla.
Sami sent this to me.
Sami sent those messages to Layla.
Sami sent threatening e-mails to Layla.
Sami sent us all an e-mail telling us that he was resigning from the company.
Sami sent us beautiful photos.
Sami sent us to an Islamic school.
Sami sent you a letter.
Sami separated from his parents.
Sami separated himself from the negative people in his life.
Sami separately texted Layla.
Sami served Layla a delicious dinner.
Sami served Layla a free shot of tequila.
Sami served Layla food.
Sami served Layla some juice.
Sami served Layla wine even if she was underage.
Sami served a long time in jail.
Sami served at a nightclub.
Sami served by himself.
Sami served fifteen years in prison and was released in 2013.
Sami served his entire sentence and was released from prison.
Sami served his time.
Sami served in Iraq.
Sami served in Vietnam.
Sami served in the Egyptian navy.
Sami served in the army in the mid-1960's.
Sami served out his entire sentence.
Sami served six months in jail.
Sami served six years for his crimes.
Sami served six years.
Sami served sixty days in jail.
Sami served them shots.
Sami set Layla a trap.
Sami set Layla's body on fire.
Sami set Layla's lyrics to music.
Sami set a trap.
Sami set about destroying any evidence he might have left.
Sami set eyes for the first time on those two little babies.
Sami set fire to the shed.
Sami set goals for himself.
Sami set his Facebook profile to private.
Sami set his alarm to wake up for the dawn prayer.
Sami set his house on fire.
Sami set his plan into action.
Sami set his sights on fixing things in his marriage.
Sami set his trap.
Sami set off on a journey around the world.
Sami set the barn on fire.
Sami set the bathroom on fire.
Sami set the church on fire.
Sami set the fire.
Sami set up a Facebook page dedicated to finding Layla.
Sami set up a catfish account.
Sami set up a makeshift clinic in Cairo.
Sami set up a new Facebook account.
Sami set up a plan to kill Layla.
Sami set up an online dating profile.
Sami set up his alibi, spending time with family.
Sami set up the tables and chairs.
Sami settled down and started a new life with Layla.
Sami settled in for a quiet night alone.
Sami settled into the job.
Sami severed his relationship with his mom.
Sami sewed up the hole in his pocket.
Sami sexually assaulted Layla in every way you can imagine.
Sami sexually assaulted Layla.
Sami sexually molested Layla.
Sami shackled Layla with a chain.
Sami shaked Layla's hand.
Sami shamefully admitted that he was having an affair with Layla.
Sami shared Layla's insatiable desire to shop.
Sami shared Layla's love of hiphop.
Sami shared Layla's obsession with vampires.
Sami shared Layla's passion for horses.
Sami shared a bed with Layla.
Sami shared a parking lot with the Bakirs.
Sami shared a room with Farid for many years.
Sami shared his cookies with us.
Sami shared his experience on YouTube.
Sami shared his innermost secrets with Layal.
Sami shared his own special secret with Layla.
Sami shared his powerful story.
Sami shared his privileges with a charming young woman from Egypt, his wife Layla.
Sami shared his story of how he came to Islam.
Sami shared his story on Facebook.
Sami shared his story on his blog.
Sami shared his story online.
Sami shared his story with us.
Sami shared the book with his Facebook followers.
Sami shared the kitchen.
Sami shared the post with a couple of friends.
Sami shared the room with his brothers.
Sami shared the story with us.
Sami shared the toilet with three other roommates.
Sami shares his story at marriage conferences.
Sami shares the exact same interests as Layla.
Sami shat his pants.
Sami shat in Layla's toilet.
Sami shat in the basement.
Sami shat in the bathtub.
Sami shat on the walls of Layla's toilet.
Sami shat on the walls.
Sami shaved Layla's head.
Sami shaved his head.
Sami shaved his lower region.
Sami shaved the back of his head.
Sami shed three tiny hairs at the crime scene.
Sami shits on the walls.
Sami shocked Layla with that question.
Sami shook Layla's hand.
Sami shook hands with Layla.
Sami shook her hand.
Sami shook my hand and looked me in the eyes.
Sami shook the tree.
Sami shoplifted the latex gloves.
Sami shot Farid in front of his wife.
Sami shot Layla and left her naked in the basement.
Sami shot Layla in a very sensitive area.
Sami shot Layla in cold blood while she ate breakfast.
Sami shot Layla in cold blood.
Sami shot Layla in the back of the head.
Sami shot Layla in the back.
Sami shot Layla in the face.
Sami shot Layla in the head.
Sami shot Layla in the torso.
Sami shot Layla point blank.
Sami shot Layla several times.
Sami shot Layla then disappeared.
Sami shot Layla through the right eyebrow.
Sami shot Layla twice through a pillow.
Sami shot Layla unintentionally.
Sami shot Layla with a BB gun.
Sami shot a duck.
Sami shot a leopard with a rifle.
Sami shot a new video.
Sami shot a stray dog.
Sami shot a taxi driver in the face.
Sami shot a woman in her face.
Sami shot an unarmed black teenager.
Sami shot and killed Layla and played like it was an accident.
Sami shot and killed his brother.
Sami shot and missed.
Sami shot at Layla and missed.
Sami shot at a cat.
Sami shot at us with a BB gun.
Sami shot back.
Sami shot between Layal's legs.
Sami shot himself in the head.
Sami shot his daughter.
Sami shot his roommate.
Sami shot his wife's lover.
Sami shot in the same direction.
Sami shot me.
Sami shot six more times.
Sami shot the bear dead.
Sami shot the bear.
Sami shot the horses in the stables.
Sami shot the man in self-defense.
Sami shot the movie in Egypt.
Sami shot this man on purpose.
Sami shot this video on Christmas.
Sami shot two bullets into the head of his wife, Layla.
Sami should advertise.
Sami should already know.
Sami should also talk to Layla.
Sami should apologize for being so rude.
Sami should apologize to you.
Sami should apologize.
Sami should apply.
Sami should ask Layla what she thinks.
Sami should assume responsibility.
Sami should be able to figure it out.
Sami should be able to move forward.
Sami should be able to work this thing.
Sami should be ashamed of himself.
Sami should be asleep.
Sami should be at the shop right now.
Sami should be at this party.
Sami should be aware of his surroundings.
Sami should be aware of the situation.
Sami should be careful of what he posts on Internet.
Sami should be careful on who he adds on Facebook.
Sami should be careful.
Sami should be doing this soon.
Sami should be fired.
Sami should be honest with me about it.
Sami should be in jail.
Sami should be locked up for the rest of his life.
Sami should be mindful of the way he treats other people.
Sami should be more specific.
Sami should be paying attention.
Sami should be prepared.
Sami should be sent to jail.
Sami should be waking up in a few minutes.
Sami should be wearing his glasses all the time.
Sami should behave himself well with Layla.
Sami should call Layla and apologize.
Sami should call Layla.
Sami should call the police.
Sami should calm down.
Sami should come back at six.
Sami should come back.
Sami should come down here.
Sami should come have a look at this.
Sami should come to work at Walmart with me.
Sami should concentrate on staying safe.
Sami should definitely help Layla.
Sami should die in jail.
Sami should do something about that.
Sami should finish the job.
Sami should focus on the priorities.
Sami should follow Layla first.
Sami should follow Layla on Instagram.
Sami should follow Layla's example.
Sami should follow Layla.
Sami should get a camera.
Sami should get his butt back here and help us finish the job.
Sami should get out of here.
Sami should get out of my business.
Sami should get out of that marriage.
Sami should get out of there.
Sami should get out of this relationship.
Sami should get this in his head.
Sami should get this out of his mind.
Sami should get used to this.
Sami should give Layla a chance.
Sami should give Layla another chance.
Sami should give Layla his number.
Sami should give Layla some space.
Sami should give his puppy a permanent name.
Sami should give us a public apology.
Sami should go fuck himself.
Sami should go in.
Sami should go outside.
Sami should have a checkup.
Sami should have a dog.
Sami should have asked Layla.
Sami should have been more diligent.
Sami should have blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami should have bought Layla a plane ticket.
Sami should have called Layla.
Sami should have called his family.
Sami should have called the police instead of me.
Sami should have called the police.
Sami should have died instantly.
Sami should have fired Layla that day.
Sami should have fun while he still can.
Sami should have got life in jail.
Sami should have hired a maid instead of marrying Layla.
Sami should have kept the camera on.
Sami should have known this.
Sami should have known.
Sami should have left Layla alone.
Sami should have left.
Sami should have let us know.
Sami should have listened to Layla.
Sami should have reported that paedophile.
Sami should have said this to Layla.
Sami should have stopped taking appointments.
Sami should have stopped taking orders.
Sami should have stopped taking people's money.
Sami should have taken a picture.
Sami should have taken pictures of Layla's room.
Sami should have taken that more seriously.
Sami should have thought of that.
Sami should have told Layla earlier.
Sami should have told Layla what was up.
Sami should have told Layla.
Sami should have told this to Layla when he had the chance.
Sami should have waited.
Sami should have worded it differently.
Sami should honor God's word.
Sami should jump right into the story.
Sami should just concentrate on staying safe.
Sami should just go away.
Sami should just leave it there.
Sami should just sit down and be quiet.
Sami should keep doing that.
Sami should keep his crazy shit to himself.
Sami should keep his mouth shut.
Sami should keep that in mind.
Sami should keep this in mind.
Sami should keep well away from Layla.
Sami should kill himself.
Sami should know Layla.
Sami should know that.
Sami should know this.
Sami should learn about it himself.
Sami should learn to not take things personally.
Sami should leave Layla alone.
Sami should leave both of us alone.
Sami should leave things well alone.
Sami should let Layla know right now.
Sami should let Layla know that he is OK.
Sami should let Layla mess with his life.
Sami should let bygones be bygones.
Sami should listen to Layla.
Sami should listen to his intuition.
Sami should listen to his mother.
Sami should listen to me.
Sami should listen to that voice and follow it.
Sami should listen to this story.
Sami should listen to this.
Sami should look there.
Sami should make a better decision.
Sami should make a video about this.
Sami should make sure that Layla doesn't steal his stuff.
Sami should make sure that these things don't happen again.
Sami should make up a better excuse.
Sami should mind his business.
Sami should mind his fucking business.
Sami should never have a dog.
Sami should never have done that.
Sami should never say no to this.
Sami should not be a teacher.
Sami should not be there.
Sami should not do that again.
Sami should not have a girlfriend.
Sami should not have survived.
Sami should not mix business with pleasure.
Sami should not trust Layla.
Sami should pay attention to his surroundings.
Sami should pay for Layla's meal because he is her date.
Sami should probably listen to that video.
Sami should proceed with caution.
Sami should put things the right place.
Sami should read this book.
Sami should read this.
Sami should realize that the world doesn't revolve around him.
Sami should regain his memory soon.
Sami should see the teacher after class.
Sami should sew his mouth tight.
Sami should shut his big mouth.
Sami should shut up and help us.
Sami should slow down.
Sami should stand up for himself.
Sami should stay away from Layla.
Sami should stay clear from Layla.
Sami should stay here.
Sami should stay on the right side of the road.
Sami should stay out of this.
Sami should stay positive.
Sami should stay right where he is.
Sami should stay with Layla.
Sami should stick to his schedule.
Sami should stop being so nervous.
Sami should stop dancing around the subject and go straight to the point.
Sami should stop following Layla around the school.
Sami should stop giving his loyalty to somebody who doesn't deserve it.
Sami should stop moving.
Sami should stop playing games.
Sami should stop putting all the blame on Layla.
Sami should subscribe to this YouTube channel.
Sami should take Layla's advice.
Sami should take care of that wound.
Sami should take good care of Layla.
Sami should take his pills.
Sami should take his time.
Sami should take it easy.
Sami should take life easy.
Sami should take some precautions.
Sami should take the mile instead of the inch.
Sami should talk to Layla's brother.
Sami should tell the police about that.
Sami should text Layla about this.
Sami should thank God for that.
Sami should thank his lucky stars.
Sami should think about his safety before he does anything.
Sami should think about that.
Sami should totally get a dog like this.
Sami should trust Layla.
Sami should trust his gut.
Sami should try again.
Sami should try something else.
Sami should try to be more professional.
Sami should try to forget his ex-girlfriend.
Sami should try to stay in bed.
Sami should understand this once and for all.
Sami should use his energy for something more constructive.
Sami should wait a little bit.
Sami should wait.
Sami should watch his tone.
Sami shouldn't apologize to Layla over something he didn't do.
Sami shouldn't be a teacher.
Sami shouldn't be afraid.
Sami shouldn't be angry.
Sami shouldn't be arguing with customers.
Sami shouldn't be around children.
Sami shouldn't be doing that.
Sami shouldn't be drinking.
Sami shouldn't be dumb like me.
Sami shouldn't be fooled.
Sami shouldn't be here.
Sami shouldn't be messing with Layla.
Sami shouldn't be offended about that.
Sami shouldn't be scared.
Sami shouldn't be the one doing that.
Sami shouldn't be there.
Sami shouldn't be upset.
Sami shouldn't be worried so much.
Sami shouldn't blame himself for everything that's happened.
Sami shouldn't bring that shit over here.
Sami shouldn't call Layla again.
Sami shouldn't click on that link.
Sami shouldn't come near Layla.
Sami shouldn't cross the border.
Sami shouldn't die so soon.
Sami shouldn't do it that way.
Sami shouldn't do that.
Sami shouldn't do that. He's not ready.
Sami shouldn't do things like that.
Sami shouldn't do this in front of the children.
Sami shouldn't do this in front of the kids.
Sami shouldn't do this to Layla.
Sami shouldn't do this.
Sami shouldn't even worry about it.
Sami shouldn't even worry about that.
Sami shouldn't feel bad.
Sami shouldn't follow blindly like a sheep.
Sami shouldn't fuck with Layla's Facebook content.
Sami shouldn't fuck with Layla.
Sami shouldn't fuck with me.
Sami shouldn't go anywhere yet.
Sami shouldn't go near Layla. She's sick.
Sami shouldn't go out now.
Sami shouldn't go outside.
Sami shouldn't have a girlfriend.
Sami shouldn't have anything to worry about.
Sami shouldn't have been so scared.
Sami shouldn't have been there.
Sami shouldn't have blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami shouldn't have come.
Sami shouldn't have done that.
Sami shouldn't have done this.
Sami shouldn't have exposed Layla to this.
Sami shouldn't have given Layla all that trust.
Sami shouldn't have handed that check to Layla.
Sami shouldn't have put himself in that situation.
Sami shouldn't have put that camera in the suitcase.
Sami shouldn't have told anyone about this.
Sami shouldn't have worried about that.
Sami shouldn't involve those dudes in the fight.
Sami shouldn't judge me.
Sami shouldn't let Layla get away with that.
Sami shouldn't let anybody mess with him.
Sami shouldn't look back.
Sami shouldn't look down.
Sami shouldn't make the same mistakes Layla made.
Sami shouldn't make this into a big deal.
Sami shouldn't mess with Layla.
Sami shouldn't move in with Layla.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of Farid.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of Layla's kids.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of his roommates.
Sami shouldn't panic.
Sami shouldn't pay for it.
Sami shouldn't put Layla in his marital issues.
Sami shouldn't put Layla in this position.
Sami shouldn't say anything else.
Sami shouldn't say that.
Sami shouldn't show this to Layla.
Sami shouldn't stand there.
Sami shouldn't take Layla too seriously.
Sami shouldn't take it personally.
Sami shouldn't take this for granted.
Sami shouldn't talk about his past sins.
Sami shouldn't talk about that much.
Sami shouldn't talk about this in front of the kids.
Sami shouldn't talk to Layla like that.
Sami shouldn't talk to Layla.
Sami shouldn't talk to those guys.
Sami shouldn't tell Layla what to do.
Sami shouldn't test Layla.
Sami shouldn't touch the dog.
Sami shouldn't treat Layla like shit.
Sami shouldn't treat his best friend like that.
Sami shouldn't use his real name.
Sami shouldn't waste any time.
Sami shouldn't waste his time.
Sami shouldn't watch this video.
Sami shouldn't worry about Layla. She will be fine.
Sami shouldn't worry about this.
Sami shouldn't worry.
Sami shouted at Layla.
Sami shoved Layla so hard that she went flying.
Sami shoved the bottle into Layla's vagina.
Sami shoved the bottle of beer into Layla's vagina.
Sami showed Layla Farid's messages.
Sami showed Layla Farid's room.
Sami showed Layla Salima's e-mails.
Sami showed Layla a card trick.
Sami showed Layla a few pictures that he had on Instagram.
Sami showed Layla a letter that broke his heart.
Sami showed Layla a lot of attention.
Sami showed Layla a photo of his baby daughter.
Sami showed Layla a picture of his dog.
Sami showed Layla a picture of his penis.
Sami showed Layla a samurai sword.
Sami showed Layla a sword.
Sami showed Layla a video.
Sami showed Layla an old yellowing newspaper article.
Sami showed Layla around campus.
Sami showed Layla around his mansion.
Sami showed Layla around the mall.
Sami showed Layla around the store.
Sami showed Layla attention.
Sami showed Layla his drawings.
Sami showed Layla his entire house.
Sami showed Layla his gun.
Sami showed Layla his marble collection.
Sami showed Layla his phone.
Sami showed Layla his stamp collection.
Sami showed Layla his work.
Sami showed Layla how to cut a mango with a knife.
Sami showed Layla how to do her job.
Sami showed Layla how to dye her hair.
Sami showed Layla how to ride a camel.
Sami showed Layla how to sign some basic ASL phrases.
Sami showed Layla photos of the murder.
Sami showed Layla pictures of her and her lover.
Sami showed Layla so much love and support.
Sami showed Layla some nudes.
Sami showed Layla some of his drawings.
Sami showed Layla some old pictures.
Sami showed Layla some pictures of him and his children.
Sami showed Layla some relaxation exercises.
Sami showed Layla the bandages.
Sami showed Layla the cat.
Sami showed Layla the dress.
Sami showed Layla the footage.
Sami showed Layla the love he had for her.
Sami showed Layla the money.
Sami showed Layla the photo.
Sami showed Layla the receipts.
Sami showed Layla the right clubs to use.
Sami showed Layla the ring.
Sami showed Layla the ropes.
Sami showed Layla the tenderness she had never experienced.
Sami showed Layla the wig that he purchased.
Sami showed Layla to her room.
Sami showed Layla where Salima was.
Sami showed Layla's e-mail to Farid.
Sami showed back up.
Sami showed compassion.
Sami showed everybody where location of his store was.
Sami showed genuine interest in Layla.
Sami showed himself.
Sami showed his students the wrong video.
Sami showed his true colors. He was a coward.
Sami showed his wife much affection.
Sami showed me Layla's picture.
Sami showed me his room.
Sami showed me how to do stuff.
Sami showed no sympathy.
Sami showed police slices on his forearms.
Sami showed remorse for what he had done.
Sami showed resilience.
Sami showed signs of mental illness.
Sami showed the bartender his ID.
Sami showed the boys how to shoot their weapons.
Sami showed the cops this video.
Sami showed the picture to Layla.
Sami showed the product to Layla.
Sami showed the video to Layla.
Sami showed the video to his students.
Sami showed up a few days after that.
Sami showed up a little bit later.
Sami showed up at Layla's front door.
Sami showed up at Layla's home.
Sami showed up at Layla's house.
Sami showed up at my door on Saturday.
Sami showed up at my house.
Sami showed up at school.
Sami showed up at six.
Sami showed up at the club.
Sami showed up for his lunch with Layla.
Sami showed up in his uniform.
Sami showed up in the parking lot.
Sami showed up on Saturday.
Sami showed up on a Saturday night.
Sami showed up there one day.
Sami showed up there with Layla.
Sami showed up to work.
Sami showed up with a machete and was threatening people.
Sami showed up with increasing frequency.
Sami showed us Layla's house.
Sami showed us his prom photo.
Sami showed us his prom picture.
Sami showed us his room.
Sami showed us some tricks of his trade.
Sami showered Layla with a attention she had been craving.
Sami showered Layla with gifts and affection.
Sami showered Layla with gifts.
Sami shrugged his shoulders.
Sami shut himself off to the things of God.
Sami shut his door.
Sami shut his eyes.
Sami shut his laptop.
Sami shut his locker door.
Sami shut off the air conditioning.
Sami shut the bathroom door.
Sami shut the door and locked it.
Sami shut the door behind him.
Sami shut the door for good.
Sami shut the door in Layla's face.
Sami shut the door.
Sami shut the freezer door.
Sami sided with his daughter.
Sami signed Layla's yearbook.
Sami signed a confidentiality agreement.
Sami signed a contract of his own free will.
Sami signed a contract.
Sami signed a few papers this morning.
Sami signed everything away and took off.
Sami signed his name.
Sami signed over power of attorney to Layla, allowing her to withdraw money from his accounts.
Sami signed the lease and got the keys.
Sami signed the lease contract.
Sami signed the lease.
Sami signed the paper.
Sami signed the papers.
Sami signed the report.
Sami signed the slip.
Sami silently recited the Verse of the Throne to wake up from sleep paralysis.
Sami simply cowered.
Sami simply did what any father would do.
Sami simply doesn't care.
Sami sipped some wine.
Sami sits around all day, doing nothing.
Sami sits at a little desk.
Sami sits here.
Sami sits next to Layla.
Sami sits next to me.
Sami sits there.
Sami six thousand words in three days.
Sami skates outside.
Sami skipped his biology test.
Sami skipped school again.
Sami skipped school and got caught.
Sami skipped school and never got caught.
Sami skipped school first.
Sami skipped school so many times.
Sami skipped the ad.
Sami skipped the video to the part where Layla was crying.
Sami skipped the whole school year.
Sami skipped town.
Sami skipped up a grade.
Sami slammed Layla's head in cabinet doors.
Sami slammed his passenger door shut.
Sami slammed the bottle on the table.
Sami slammed the car door close.
Sami slammed the door close.
Sami slammed the door in Layla's face.
Sami slammed the door open and that woke Layla up.
Sami slammed the door shut.
Sami slammed the door.
Sami slammed the picture onto Layla's head.
Sami slapped Layla again.
Sami slapped Layla's face.
Sami slapped Layla.
Sami slapped a boy in the park.
Sami slapped her.
Sami slapped his dick on the table.
Sami slapped me.
Sami slashed Layla's throat with a knife.
Sami slashed his wrists.
Sami sleeps here.
Sami sleeps in his studio.
Sami sleeps in the attic.
Sami sleeps on a mattress.
Sami sleeps on the couch.
Sami sleeps there.
Sami sleeps upstairs.
Sami sleeps with the light on.
Sami slept around.
Sami slept at Layla's house.
Sami slept away the weekend.
Sami slept during the day.
Sami slept for a couple hours.
Sami slept for six hours.
Sami slept here.
Sami slept in Layla's bed.
Sami slept in Layla's living room.
Sami slept in Layla's room.
Sami slept in his car and he smelt so bad.
Sami slept in his car.
Sami slept in his own room.
Sami slept in his socks.
Sami slept in his tent.
Sami slept in my bed.
Sami slept in that creepy attic.
Sami slept in that empty house.
Sami slept in that room.
Sami slept in the attic.
Sami slept in the basement.
Sami slept in the chair next to Layla's bed.
Sami slept in the guest bedroom.
Sami slept in the living room.
Sami slept in the master suite.
Sami slept in the room with Layla.
Sami slept inside.
Sami slept like a baby.
Sami slept on a couch in the living room.
Sami slept on a couch.
Sami slept on his couch.
Sami slept on the bus.
Sami slept on the couch in the living room.
Sami slept on the couch.
Sami slept on the floor again.
Sami slept on the pull-out couch.
Sami slept on the sectional couch.
Sami slept over a lot.
Sami slept over at his dad's house.
Sami slept over at his friend's house.
Sami slept over at his mother's house.
Sami slept the entire day.
Sami slept there.
Sami slept through the movie.
Sami slept until 6 o'clock.
Sami slept with Farid's ex.
Sami slept with Layla in the attic.
Sami slept with Layla's mother.
Sami slept with a gun under his pillow.
Sami slept with a pistol under his pillow.
Sami slept with one eye open.
Sami slept with the light on.
Sami sliced a sheet with his toe nails.
Sami slid a bullet into the chamber.
Sami slid into a coma.
Sami slid the beer across the bar.
Sami slipped and fell.
Sami slipped back into drugs.
Sami slipped in the tub.
Sami slipped into Layla's room.
Sami slipped into the night and was never seen again.
Sami slipped out for a cigarette.
Sami slipped outside for a cigarette.
Sami slipped through the cracks.
Sami slit his own wrists.
Sami slit his wrists.
Sami slowed down and stopped next to us.
Sami slowed down.
Sami slowed to a stop.
Sami slowly moved his hand down to Layla's genitals.
Sami slowly opened the zipper.
Sami slowly regained his sight.
Sami slowly sat up.
Sami slowly started stepping out.
Sami slumped over.
Sami smacked Layla and she smacked him back.
Sami smacked Layla back for smacking him.
Sami smacked Layla in the face.
Sami smacked Layla on the ass.
Sami smacked Layla on the butt.
Sami smacked Layla right on the cheek.
Sami smacked Layla's wrist.
Sami smacked Layla.
Sami smacked his sister in the face.
Sami smacked into Layla's car.
Sami smacked me in the face.
Sami smacked me right in my face.
Sami smashed a girl that Farid had smashed the night before.
Sami smashed the cake to my face.
Sami smashed the vase onto the floor.
Sami smashed the vase to pieces.
Sami smeared feces everywhere.
Sami smeared the chocolate all over the wall.
Sami smelled shoes.
Sami smells like chicken.
Sami smells really delicious.
Sami smelt a strong odor.
Sami smelt a very unpleasant smell.
Sami smelt blood.
Sami smelt diesel.
Sami smelt like a pig.
Sami smelt like a weed farm.
Sami smelt like metal.
Sami smelt like sweat.
Sami smelt of cigarettes.
Sami smelt of weed.
Sami smelt shoes.
Sami smelt smoke.
Sami smelt so bad.
Sami smelt that Layla was burning something.
Sami smelt that odor.
Sami smelt the coffee.
Sami smelt.
Sami smiled and waved.
Sami smiled at Layla.
Sami smiled at me.
Sami smiled.
Sami smiles all the time.
Sami smiles and makes eye contact with everyone.
Sami smirked at Layla.
Sami smirked.
Sami smoked a cigarette.
Sami smoked hookah.
Sami smoked some ganj.
Sami smoked some marijuana.
Sami smoked some weed.
Sami smoked weed at the job.
Sami smoked weed at work.
Sami smoked weed before he joined the military.
Sami smoked weed for six years.
Sami smoked weed in Layla's room.
Sami smoked weed in front of his children.
Sami smoked weed with Layla.
Sami smoked weed.
Sami smoked.
Sami smokes weed at home.
Sami smokes weed at the job.
Sami smokes weed in front of everybody.
Sami smokes weed in front of the kids.
Sami smokes weed, too.
Sami smokes weed.
Sami smothered Layla with a pillow.
Sami smuggled immigrants through the Mediterranean.
Sami smuggled immigrants through the borders.
Sami snapped and shot Layla.
Sami snapped at Layla.
Sami snapped at her.
Sami snapped at his wife.
Sami snapped at me.
Sami snapped his fingers and Layla woke up.
Sami snapped on Layla.
Sami snapped on me.
Sami snapped.
Sami snatched the pen off of Layla's hand.
Sami sneaked out of the prison in the back of a van driven by a compromised guard.
Sami sneezes every time he's near flowers.
Sami snitched on Layla for having a dog in that apartment.
Sami snitched on Layla.
Sami snitched on himself in a YouTube video.
Sami snitched on me.
Sami snitched to his boss.
Sami snitched.
Sami snored like a tractor.
Sami snorted a condom.
Sami snorted coke.
Sami snuck into Layla's house.
Sami snuck into the kitchen without his grandma knowing.
Sami snuck out again.
Sami snuck out at night.
Sami snuck out before Layla.
Sami snuck out in the middle of the night to go hang out with Layla.
Sami snuck out in the middle of the night to go talk to Layla.
Sami snuck out of the house.
Sami sold African tapestries.
Sami sold Layla a gun.
Sami sold Layla a stolen phone.
Sami sold Layla a t-shirt.
Sami sold Layla his car.
Sami sold Layla some weed.
Sami sold Layla's car after she died.
Sami sold Layla's trailer and moved away.
Sami sold a lot of products.
Sami sold acid.
Sami sold alcohol.
Sami sold all types of stuff.
Sami sold beauty products online.
Sami sold cakes to Layla.
Sami sold diamonds.
Sami sold drugs on the street.
Sami sold drugs.
Sami sold encyclopedias.
Sami sold his apartment to Layla.
Sami sold his apartment.
Sami sold his beloved mansion.
Sami sold his book online.
Sami sold his car for six hundred dollars.
Sami sold his car to start his own business.
Sami sold his company for a million dollars.
Sami sold his hair.
Sami sold his house and joined Layla in her smaller house.
Sami sold his iPhone.
Sami sold his pomsky for six thousand dollars.
Sami sold his soul to the devil to get what he wanted.
Sami sold his soul to the modeling industry.
Sami sold his trailer to Layla.
Sami sold hoodies and sweaters.
Sami sold ice cream cakes, too.
Sami sold it.
Sami sold makeup products.
Sami sold me this for sixty bucks.
Sami sold six products today.
Sami sold some of the furniture.
Sami sold some weed to the janitor.
Sami sold the furniture.
Sami sold the phone for sixty dollars.
Sami sold the property.
Sami sold the rest of his books.
Sami sold the stolen car to a gang member.
Sami sold those books to other people.
Sami sold weed in school.
Sami sold weed.
Sami solved all my problems.
Sami solved the problem.
Sami somehow kept calm.
Sami somehow knew that it wasn't right.
Sami somehow managed to make it.
Sami sometimes carried a handgun.
Sami sometimes exploded with fits of anger.
Sami sometimes stopped to play with the Bakirs' dog on his way home from school.
Sami soon became a regular at Layla's store.
Sami soon died.
Sami soon discovered his father had been keeping secrets, too.
Sami soon learned about the affair.
Sami soon learned that Farid was very dangerous.
Sami soon moved in.
Sami soon moved to Cairo.
Sami soon realized that Layla had demons of her own.
Sami soon showed his true colors.
Sami sort of expected this.
Sami sought a career focused on helping others.
Sami sought help for his mental health issues.
Sami sought outside help.
Sami sought revenge by murder.
Sami sounded distraught.
Sami sounded irritated.
Sami sounded kind of panicky.
Sami sounded lethargic.
Sami sounded like an aggressive person.
Sami sounded like selfish.
Sami sounded more like a wild animal than a human being.
Sami sounded so happy.
Sami sounded the alarm.
Sami sounded upset.
Sami sounds like a king's name.
Sami sounds like a male chauvinist.
Sami sounds tired.
Sami spat at Layla.
Sami spat his beer on me.
Sami spat in the soup.
Sami spat on the floor.
Sami spat the water on Layla.
Sami speaks Arabic but he has a Turkish background.
Sami speaks Arabic.
Sami speaks Maltese.
Sami speaks a little Arabic, but doesn't know how to read it.
Sami speaks his mind.
Sami speaks perfect Arabic.
Sami speaks the language of his father.
Sami speaks the language.
Sami speaks with a Canadian accent.
Sami speaks with the heavy Arabic accent of his birthplace.
Sami speaks with the heavy French accent of his birthplace.
Sami sped at sixty miles an hour.
Sami sped off.
Sami sped up the video.
Sami sped up.
Sami spelt my name wrong.
Sami spelt the word correctly.
Sami spelt the word right.
Sami spend a lot of money on Layla.
Sami spends Ramadan alone.
Sami spends all his money on clocks.
Sami spends all his time wasting money.
Sami spends every single day at the bar.
Sami spends much of the day alone in the house.
Sami spent 16 days in the cave with little food or water.
Sami spent 600 dollars that day.
Sami spent Halloween in Florida.
Sami spent Ramadan alone.
Sami spent a few months behind bars.
Sami spent a few months in the care of relatives.
Sami spent a few years in the military.
Sami spent a long day of biking.
Sami spent a long holiday in Egypt.
Sami spent a lot of money on that phone.
Sami spent a lot of time talking to Layla.
Sami spent a lot of time there.
Sami spent a lot of time with Layla, excluding Salima.
Sami spent a lot of time with Layla.
Sami spent a lot of time with his parrot.
Sami spent a month in foster care.
Sami spent a month trying to call Layla.
Sami spent a really nice day on the beach.
Sami spent a sleepless night in jail.
Sami spent a week in Egypt.
Sami spent a week sleeping in the bug-infested woods.
Sami spent a weekend alone in the house.
Sami spent a whole week without alcohol.
Sami spent about six to seven hours per day exercising.
Sami spent about sixty thousand dollars on that garden.
Sami spent all his free time surfing X-rated websites.
Sami spent all that time searching.
Sami spent an entire hour on the phone with Layla.
Sami spent an entire week in Cairo.
Sami spent an hour with a customer and he didn't buy anything.
Sami spent every single day with the same person.
Sami spent half a million dollars.
Sami spent her life controlling million-dollar deals.
Sami spent his bus money on candy.
Sami spent his childhood in this hood.
Sami spent his entire adult life behind bars.
Sami spent his entire life there.
Sami spent his first Ramadan in Egypt.
Sami spent his money on that.
Sami spent his whole life caring for people.
Sami spent his youth in Egypt.
Sami spent his youth in the hood.
Sami spent like a month there.
Sami spent long hours at the fire station.
Sami spent long hours at work.
Sami spent many weeks in the company of Muslims.
Sami spent millions.
Sami spent months in a halfway house.
Sami spent more and more time apart from his wife.
Sami spent more time with Layla.
Sami spent most days crying in despair.
Sami spent most of his life in the jungle.
Sami spent nights in bars like these.
Sami spent one night there.
Sami spent over sixteen thousand dollars buying studio equipment.
Sami spent over sixteen thousand dollars on studio equipment.
Sami spent over sixty thousand dollars on Layla alone.
Sami spent quality time with Layla.
Sami spent several weeks in Egypt.
Sami spent several weeks living the high life in Vegas.
Sami spent six days in a forest region.
Sami spent six days in a mental hospital.
Sami spent six days in that cave.
Sami spent six days with a mad man.
Sami spent six decades in prison.
Sami spent six hundred dollars on fast food.
Sami spent six hundred dollars that day.
Sami spent six hundred dollars.
Sami spent six months in Cairo.
Sami spent six months on house arrest.
Sami spent six tense hours in the interrogation room.
Sami spent six years in a federal prison.
Sami spent six years in jail.
Sami spent six years in the FBI's behavioral analysis unit.
Sami spent sixteen dollars a day on ice cream.
Sami spent sixteen years in jail.
Sami spent sixty dollars on getting a new battery.
Sami spent sixty dollars on this wallet.
Sami spent so much money on Layla.
Sami spent so much time at Layla's apartment.
Sami spent so much time doing interviews.
Sami spent so much time in that house.
Sami spent so much time with Layla.
Sami spent some time in a county jail.
Sami spent some time with Layla.
Sami spent ten days in Egypt.
Sami spent the New Year's Eve in Egypt.
Sami spent the afternoon praying with his dad in the mosque.
Sami spent the day with his daughter.
Sami spent the entire day cleaning the house.
Sami spent the majority of his life in Egypt.
Sami spent the majority of his lunch time in the library, talking to Layla.
Sami spent the majority of the time at Layla's apartment.
Sami spent the money as fast as possible.
Sami spent the money on alcohol.
Sami spent the money on strippers, liquors, and weed.
Sami spent the next six days without food or water.
Sami spent the next six months in marriage counseling.
Sami spent the next six years in a Cairo prison.
Sami spent the next years rebuilding a life nearly destroyed by the accident.
Sami spent the night at Layla's house.
Sami spent the night at his best friend's house.
Sami spent the night at his grandma's.
Sami spent the night at my house.
Sami spent the night at the clinic.
Sami spent the night in Layla's house.
Sami spent the night in jail.
Sami spent the night in the house.
Sami spent the night over there.
Sami spent the night with Layla's dog.
Sami spent the night with that girl.
Sami spent the night, hidden in the closet.
Sami spent the only money he got on pizza.
Sami spent the rest of his life in a vegetative state.
Sami spent the rest of the night with Layla.
Sami spent the rest of the week at Layla's house.
Sami spent the weekend partying.
Sami spent the whole day at college.
Sami spent the whole day in the bathroom.
Sami spent the whole day talking about that.
Sami spent the whole evening with Layla.
Sami spent the whole night there.
Sami spent the whole weekend in Cairo.
Sami spent thousands of dollars at that club.
Sami spent time at a local church.
Sami spent time developing his relationship with God.
Sami spent time with Farid in jail.
Sami spent time with Layla.
Sami spent two decades in jail.
Sami spent two hundred dollars on a piece of steak.
Sami spent two years in jail.
Sami spent weeks in Cairo doing business.
Sami spilled a bottle of alcohol in the room.
Sami spilled a drink on Layla's prom dress.
Sami spilled a tray of drinks on a young lady.
Sami spilled everything in the police interrogation room.
Sami spilled his drink in the store.
Sami spilled his whole story to Layla.
Sami spilled milk on the bar.
Sami spilled soup all over my room.
Sami spilled the beans to Layla.
Sami spilled the water on the bar.
Sami spiralled out of control.
Sami spit at Layla.
Sami splashed gasoline around Layla's house.
Sami split up with his second wife.
Sami split ways with Layla.
Sami split with his wife.
Sami spoilt Layla because she was his only daughter.
Sami spoilt his girlfriend.
Sami spoke Arabic.
Sami spoke about Islam.
Sami spoke about Layla with great admiration.
Sami spoke about it.
Sami spoke about religion.
Sami spoke against Layla.
Sami spoke aloud.
Sami spoke exclusively to Al-Jazeera.
Sami spoke fast.
Sami spoke his mind.
Sami spoke little Arabic.
Sami spoke on the phone with his friend.
Sami spoke out against the stigma against mental health issues.
Sami spoke to Layla Saturday.
Sami spoke to Layla about Islam.
Sami spoke to Layla about that.
Sami spoke to Layla on the phone.
Sami spoke to another customer.
Sami spoke to his dad.
Sami spoke to his lawyer on the phone.
Sami spoke to his mom.
Sami spoke to his mother about that.
Sami spoke to me calmly.
Sami spoke to me.
Sami spoke to that guy.
Sami spoke to the police.
Sami spoke too fast.
Sami spoke with Layla on the phone.
Sami spotted a house.
Sami spotted a problem with his finances.
Sami spotted headlights coming down the driveway.
Sami spotted those girls.
Sami sprained his ankle.
Sami sprayed his dogs with water to keep them cool.
Sami sprayed some perfume when he got home.
Sami sprayed the car with bullets.
Sami sprinkled rose petals across the bed.
Sami sprouted into a handsome young man.
Sami squashed the bug.
Sami squeezed Layla's hand too hard.
Sami squished the mosquito.
Sami stabbed Layla in her temple.
Sami stabbed Layla in the throat.
Sami stabbed Layla multiple times.
Sami stabbed Layla six times.
Sami stabbed a completely innocent person.
Sami stabbed the bear in the neck.
Sami stacked his CD's inside a book.
Sami staggered downstairs.
Sami stalked Layla for months.
Sami stalked Layla for six months.
Sami stalked Layla.
Sami stalked his victims.
Sami stalked that woman.
Sami stalked young girls.
Sami stalks girls.
Sami stared at me.
Sami stared at the attic door.
Sami stared back at Layla.
Sami stared death in the face.
Sami started Arabic lessons.
Sami started Saturday.
Sami started a YouTube channel.
Sami started a blog.
Sami started a cult in Egypt.
Sami started a family in Egypt.
Sami started a fight.
Sami started a fire.
Sami started a major innovation to the store.
Sami started a new YouTube channel.
Sami started a new affair.
Sami started a new chapter in his life.
Sami started a new company.
Sami started a new family.
Sami started a new job at the club.
Sami started a new job.
Sami started a new life.
Sami started a new relationship with Layla.
Sami started a problem with Layla.
Sami started abusing his privileges.
Sami started acting like the boss.
Sami started acting really weird.
Sami started acting strange.
Sami started acting strangely.
Sami started acting super weird.
Sami started an affair with Layla.
Sami started an affair with another cook.
Sami started an affair.
Sami started an argument on purpose.
Sami started apologizing.
Sami started asking Layla for pictures.
Sami started asking about that.
Sami started asking interesting questions.
Sami started asking questions about Islam.
Sami started asking questions.
Sami started at his first high school in September 2006.
Sami started at that man.
Sami started attending a halaqa at high school.
Sami started backing out from Layla.
Sami started bad-mouthing Layla.
Sami started banging on the door of the toilet stall I was in.
Sami started banging on the glass.
Sami started banging on the toilet door.
Sami started bawling like a baby.
Sami started bawling so hard.
Sami started bawling.
Sami started beating Layla up.
Sami started beating on the door.
Sami started behaving himself.
Sami started being interested in someone else.
Sami started being kind of flirtatious with Layla.
Sami started believing in Jesus.
Sami started belittling Layla.
Sami started bleeding profusely.
Sami started broadening his horizons.
Sami started bullying Layla.
Sami started buying Layla flowers.
Sami started calling Layla names.
Sami started calling Layla's name.
Sami started calling for his dog.
Sami started calling the company.
Sami started calming down.
Sami started caring about Layla a lot.
Sami started catching wind of Layla offering to pay people to cover for her.
Sami started changing things.
Sami started changing toward Layla.
Sami started chatting.
Sami started cheating on Layla often with women he worked with.
Sami started checking Layla's e-mails.
Sami started clapping.
Sami started classes six days ago.
Sami started cleaning up the living room.
Sami started clubbing.
Sami started collecting the rent payment from his tenants.
Sami started college in September.
Sami started coughing.
Sami started crying immediately.
Sami started crying, too.
Sami started crying.
Sami started cussing Layla out.
Sami started cussing at Layla.
Sami started cussing the dog out.
Sami started cussing.
Sami started cutting the pie.
Sami started dancing to the music.
Sami started dancing with the teacher.
Sami started dancing.
Sami started daring Layla.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of weeks into the school year.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of years ago.
Sami started dating Layla right after he broke up with Salima.
Sami started dating Layla shortly after that.
Sami started dating Layla's 14-year-old daughter.
Sami started dating Layla.
Sami started dating again.
Sami started dating his ex's sister.
Sami started dating his manager.
Sami started dating other girls.
Sami started despising Layla.
Sami started disappearing.
Sami started discussing that with Layla.
Sami started disrespecting Layla.
Sami started distancing herself from Layla.
Sami started doing Buddhist meditation for a few months.
Sami started doing business with a person from Egypt.
Sami started doing more modeling.
Sami started doing social media.
Sami started doing some extracurricular activities.
Sami started down at me.
Sami started drinking more at that time.
Sami started drinking wine.
Sami started driving at a very high pace.
Sami started driving at sixteen.
Sami started driving to the dorms.
Sami started driving up the mountain.
Sami started driving when he was 33.
Sami started driving.
Sami started dug through sixteen inches of concrete.
Sami started e-mailing Layla more.
Sami started e-mailing Layla regularly.
Sami started e-mailing Layla.
Sami started eating the cookie.
Sami started eating.
Sami started embezzling money.
Sami started experimenting with drugs.
Sami started experimenting with smoking weed.
Sami started explaining his story with Layla.
Sami started eying Layla.
Sami started fasting before he was even Muslim.
Sami started fasting that day.
Sami started fasting.
Sami started feeling a little pain.
Sami started feeling better.
Sami started feeling emotions for Layla.
Sami started feeling guilty.
Sami started feeling like Layla was getting a little bit nervous.
Sami started feeling nervous.
Sami started fighting Layla's friend.
Sami started fighting the cop.
Sami started fighting with Layla.
Sami started fighting with kids that teased him at school.
Sami started filming the video.
Sami started filming.
Sami started finding cigarette butts all around his house.
Sami started finding dimes everywhere.
Sami started firing at us with an Uzi.
Sami started firing at us.
Sami started firing the gun.
Sami started fixing the bike.
Sami started flirting with Layla.
Sami started flirting with a female employee in the prison.
Sami started following Layla to her classes.
Sami started following Layla.
Sami started following us.
Sami started forgetting about it.
Sami started freaking out of his head.
Sami started freaking out.
Sami started from scratch.
Sami started from the beginning.
Sami started from where he ended.
Sami started gaining a little bit of traction on social media.
Sami started gaining some popularity.
Sami started gathering his stuff.
Sami started getting a little bit worried.
Sami started getting a little concerned.
Sami started getting a little more uneasy.
Sami started getting a massive headache.
Sami started getting a strong hatred for Muslims.
Sami started getting a weird feeling.
Sami started getting anxiety.
Sami started getting boobs.
Sami started getting comfortable at the hotel.
Sami started getting dressed.
Sami started getting e-mails from Layla.
Sami started getting into a lot of trouble and ended up going to jail.
Sami started getting into trouble for petty theft.
Sami started getting messages from other people on Facebook.
Sami started getting more violent.
Sami started getting ready.
Sami started getting real jittery.
Sami started getting really close to Layla.
Sami started getting really crazy.
Sami started getting really frustrated.
Sami started getting really mean to Layla.
Sami started getting really tired of it.
Sami started getting really worried.
Sami started getting rude.
Sami started getting so rude.
Sami started getting the answers for those questions.
Sami started getting to know his co-workers better.
Sami started getting to know his co-workers more.
Sami started getting very close to Layla.
Sami started getting weird text messages.
Sami started getting weird.
Sami started giggling.
Sami started going at Layla.
Sami started going through all the boxes.
Sami started going to a different school.
Sami started going to another school.
Sami started going to church.
Sami started going to school in December.
Sami started going upstairs.
Sami started handing out pizza to everyone.
Sami started hanging out with Layla a lot.
Sami started hanging out with a woman.
Sami started hanging out with the wrong people.
Sami started harassing Layla.
Sami started hatching a plan.
Sami started having a panic attack.
Sami started having a terrible pain.
Sami started having sex with Layla.
Sami started having trouble with drugs.
Sami started having visions of how the mansion used to look.
Sami started heading down that way.
Sami started hearing from Layla less and less.
Sami started hiding drugs in Layla's apartment.
Sami started hiding things from Layla.
Sami started high school.
Sami started his first shift on Saturday.
Sami started his freshman year at this high school.
Sami started his job at Walmart.
Sami started his new job at the outdoor pool.
Sami started his new job in June.
Sami started his new job in a predominantly Muslim area.
Sami started his own YouTube channel.
Sami started his own job.
Sami started his own tech business.
Sami started his second year of college in Egypt.
Sami started his sixth grade here.
Sami started hitting Layla in the face.
Sami started hitting Layla on the head.
Sami started hitting Layla.
Sami started honking again.
Sami started hysterically laughing.
Sami started in the morning.
Sami started in this company in 2006.
Sami started investing in real estate.
Sami started it.
Sami started jogging.
Sami started jumping.
Sami started kissing all over his girlfriend.
Sami started laughing as well.
Sami started laughing his ass off.
Sami started laughing.
Sami started learning more about Layla.
Sami started liking Layla a lot.
Sami started liking his job less and less.
Sami started liking that girl.
Sami started living in fear.
Sami started looking a little bit freaked out.
Sami started looking around.
Sami started looking away.
Sami started looking for Layla.
Sami started looking for a daycare in that area.
Sami started looking for a daycare.
Sami started looking for a job.
Sami started looking for a mosque.
Sami started looking for a new person to move into that house with him.
Sami started looking for love.
Sami started losing consciousness.
Sami started losing his shit.
Sami started making his own decision.
Sami started making money.
Sami started making some progress.
Sami started making some verbal threats.
Sami started meeting Muslims.
Sami started messaging Layla again.
Sami started messaging Layla.
Sami started messaging that girl.
Sami started messing with Layla.
Sami started moving like he wanted to fight Farid.
Sami started moving.
Sami started naming names.
Sami started not caring at all about that.
Sami started noticing Layla getting distant.
Sami started noticing some changes in Layla.
Sami started noticing strange things.
Sami started noticing that Layla was getting up pretty early in the morning.
Sami started noticing the changes.
Sami started noticing this.
Sami started noticing those girls.
Sami started packing his shit.
Sami started painting from the center.
Sami started panicking a little bit.
Sami started panicking.
Sami started paying attention to Layla.
Sami started paying more attention to me.
Sami started plaiting Layla's hair.
Sami started planning a divorce.
Sami started planning on moving out.
Sami started planning retribution.
Sami started playing it down.
Sami started playing music.
Sami started posting photos of another girl on his Instagram.
Sami started posting things about his family.
Sami started posting videos on YouTube.
Sami started practising Islam in 2006.
Sami started practising at his house.
Sami started praying for his marriage.
Sami started praying so hard.
Sami started praying with his dad in the mosque.
Sami started praying.
Sami started puking.
Sami started punching Layla in the face.
Sami started punching Layla.
Sami started punching and kicking Layla in the stomach.
Sami started putting two and two together.
Sami started questioning Layla.
Sami started raising Layla's dress.
Sami started raising his voice.
Sami started ranting.
Sami started reaching into his pocket.
Sami started reading Layla's letter.
Sami started reading about Islam.
Sami started reading at three years old.
Sami started reading books about sex addiction.
Sami started reading that book but he couldn't understand it.
Sami started reading the Bible pretty regularly.
Sami started reading the Quran.
Sami started reading the e-mail.
Sami started reading the e-mails and it was the same shit.
Sami started reading the e-mails.
Sami started reading the letter.
Sami started reading the note but Layla took it away from him.
Sami started reading.
Sami started realizing that Layla was dating a drug addict.
Sami started realizing that.
Sami started rebelling a lot.
Sami started remembering all of this stuff.
Sami started remembering all that shit.
Sami started remembering stuff from around that time.
Sami started remembering stuff years later.
Sami started replaying things that Layla had said to him.
Sami started researching other religious.
Sami started rocking the baby.
Sami started rolling his eyes.
Sami started rolling up his window.
Sami started rolling up the window.
Sami started running around the house.
Sami started running around.
Sami started running faster.
Sami started running hard.
Sami started running the water.
Sami started running.
Sami started saving his own money.
Sami started saving money to go to Cairo.
Sami started sawing the bar.
Sami started scanning the room the minute that he came in.
Sami started school in March and he completed the year.
Sami started screaming and yelling at the cop.
Sami started screaming so loud.
Sami started screaming.
Sami started scrolling through the message.
Sami started searching about different religions.
Sami started searching the whole floor for Layla.
Sami started seeing Layla's raw personality.
Sami started seeing another woman.
Sami started selling Layla's body for money.
Sami started selling his daughter's body for money.
Sami started selling the body of his mentally challenged daughter for money.
Sami started sending out resumes.
Sami started sending threatening messages to Layla.
Sami started serving at the restaurant.
Sami started shaking and sweating.
Sami started shaking.
Sami started sharpening his pencil.
Sami started shooting and Layla shot back.
Sami started shooting.
Sami started shouting for the police.
Sami started showering Layla with gifts.
Sami started showing Layla a bunch of pictures of his girlfriend.
Sami started showing Layla the ropes.
Sami started showing me more pictures of Layla.
Sami started singing Amazing Grace.
Sami started sitting by Layla.
Sami started sixth grade.
Sami started skating away.
Sami started skating off.
Sami started skipping school.
Sami started smelling soda.
Sami started smelling that strong odor.
Sami started smoking dope regularly.
Sami started smoking hookah.
Sami started smoking weed at sixteen.
Sami started smoking weed before the age of sixteen.
Sami started smoking weed when he was sixteen.
Sami started smoking weed.
Sami started smoking.
Sami started snickering.
Sami started sobbing.
Sami started speaking.
Sami started speed walking.
Sami started spending more time at work.
Sami started sprinting.
Sami started stepping away.
Sami started strangling Layla.
Sami started struggling Layla.
Sami started student teaching.
Sami started studying Islam from an academic perspective.
Sami started studying Islam.
Sami started suspecting Layla was seeing other men.
Sami started sweating.
Sami started taking Layla for therapy.
Sami started taking Layla's clothes off.
Sami started taking acid.
Sami started taking control of everything.
Sami started taking his anger out on Layla's children.
Sami started taking my clothes off.
Sami started taking photos.
Sami started taking pictures for Tumblr.
Sami started taking pictures in the studio.
Sami started taking that seriously.
Sami started taking the Viagra.
Sami started talking about God.
Sami started talking about Layla's hair and how he didn't like it.
Sami started talking about his past.
Sami started talking about paranormal stuff.
Sami started talking about this experience.
Sami started talking about what was going on with him.
Sami started talking marriage.
Sami started talking shit to me.
Sami started talking shit, making fun of me.
Sami started talking shit.
Sami started talking to Layla about Islam.
Sami started talking to Layla about still loving her.
Sami started talking to Layla through the door.
Sami started talking to Layla's friend.
Sami started talking to Layla's sister.
Sami started talking to another girl after he broke up with Layla.
Sami started talking to another woman.
Sami started talking to me about Layla.
Sami started talking to me about marriage.
Sami started talking to me.
Sami started talking to that girl.
Sami started talking to the ghost that lived in his house.
Sami started talking to this girl from Egypt.
Sami started talking to those guys.
Sami started talking to us.
Sami started talking.
Sami started teaching his parrot how to repeat certain phrases.
Sami started telling Layla about his brother.
Sami started telling Layla about his life.
Sami started telling Layla everything.
Sami started telling Layla the truth.
Sami started telling me more about Layla.
Sami started telling so many lies.
Sami started telling the story.
Sami started texting Layla a few days later.
Sami started texting Layla back.
Sami started texting Layla that night.
Sami started texting me a whole lot more.
Sami started the count in his head.
Sami started the fire.
Sami started the problem.
Sami started thinking Layla was dead.
Sami started thinking about getting a job.
Sami started thinking about it.
Sami started thinking that his father needed to die.
Sami started this shit.
Sami started throwing up.
Sami started tiptoeing down the stairs.
Sami started to accept it.
Sami started to alter things in his new apartment.
Sami started to answer the question.
Sami started to apply too much pressure on Layla's neck.
Sami started to ask more questions about Islam.
Sami started to ask simple questions.
Sami started to attend church.
Sami started to back away.
Sami started to back up towards the front door.
Sami started to be nice to Layla.
Sami started to believe in karma.
Sami started to believe that he was being followed.
Sami started to believe that his house was being watched.
Sami started to believe that was normal.
Sami started to change.
Sami started to chat with this girl from Egypt.
Sami started to cross over to a more dangerous style of life.
Sami started to cry.
Sami started to date Layla.
Sami started to do a video.
Sami started to do something a little bit different.
Sami started to drink water.
Sami started to explain everything.
Sami started to explain why he was there.
Sami started to fall asleep.
Sami started to fall in love with Layla.
Sami started to feel better about his life.
Sami started to feel better.
Sami started to feel invincible.
Sami started to feel pain.
Sami started to feel really curious about Islam.
Sami started to feel sick in his stomach.
Sami started to feel something for Layla.
Sami started to film himself.
Sami started to freak out.
Sami started to get a little bit more aggressive.
Sami started to get a little bit scared.
Sami started to get a little creeped out.
Sami started to get a little depressed about this.
Sami started to get a little more worried.
Sami started to get aggressive.
Sami started to get angry at me.
Sami started to get annoyed with Layla.
Sami started to get defensive.
Sami started to get dressed.
Sami started to get into drugs.
Sami started to get kind of stressed.
Sami started to get mad.
Sami started to get more aggressive in his text messages.
Sami started to get panicky.
Sami started to get rather possessive.
Sami started to get really overwhelmed.
Sami started to get sick.
Sami started to get visions.
Sami started to get weird visions.
Sami started to get worried.
Sami started to go to an Islamic school.
Sami started to hang out more with Layla.
Sami started to have a panic attack.
Sami started to have feelings for Layla.
Sami started to have some serious emotional issues.
Sami started to hear footsteps in the attic.
Sami started to hear something from the attic.
Sami started to hit Layla.
Sami started to learn the American ways.
Sami started to learn the true Islam.
Sami started to listen to Layla's favorite band.
Sami started to listen to that band.
Sami started to live the life of luxury he desired.
Sami started to look around the room.
Sami started to make a lot of assumptions about Layla.
Sami started to make a lot of judgments about Layla.
Sami started to make more money.
Sami started to meet beautiful single women who were in his age range.
Sami started to notice that.
Sami started to open up more to his adoptive parents.
Sami started to panic.
Sami started to pay less attention to Layla.
Sami started to piss.
Sami started to put a lot more money into his Cairo house.
Sami started to put the dots together.
Sami started to reach for the gun.
Sami started to read the Quran.
Sami started to realize that.
Sami started to really freak out.
Sami started to really hate Layla.
Sami started to rebel.
Sami started to recite Surah Zalzalah during the earthquake.
Sami started to research Islam.
Sami started to scream.
Sami started to spend the night at Layla's house in the summer every day.
Sami started to stalk Layla.
Sami started to surround himself with Muslims.
Sami started to take actions against drug trade in his neighborhood.
Sami started to take that personally.
Sami started to talk about how he made music.
Sami started to talk all aloud to make sure that Layla was hearing.
Sami started to threaten Layla.
Sami started to undo Layla's pants as he was kissing her.
Sami started to walk away.
Sami started to walk.
Sami started to wash his hair.
Sami started to wonder if he was going crazy or if his house was haunted.
Sami started to work at that restaurant.
Sami started to work that night.
Sami started to write back.
Sami started to yell about how he hated Arabs.
Sami started to yell about how he hated Muslims.
Sami started touching Layla's leg.
Sami started touching Layla.
Sami started touching on Layla's waist.
Sami started touching up Layla's hand again.
Sami started transferring Layla's property into his name.
Sami started traveling a lot.
Sami started treating Layla like one of his own children.
Sami started tweeting at Layla all the time.
Sami started twitching and moving in the back seat of the car.
Sami started typing.
Sami started university in 2006.
Sami started university.
Sami started using meth again.
Sami started using strange emojis.
Sami started violating Layla.
Sami started visiting Layla in jail.
Sami started visiting the Islamic center before he became Muslim.
Sami started vlogging on his YouTube channel.
Sami started vomiting.
Sami started walking Layla over to the couch.
Sami started walking away from Layla.
Sami started walking back.
Sami started walking down the hall.
Sami started walking down the hallway.
Sami started walking home.
Sami started walking off with Layla.
Sami started walking out of the train station.
Sami started walking over to our table.
Sami started walking over.
Sami started walking really quickly.
Sami started walking to the buses.
Sami started walking towards Layla's apartment.
Sami started walking towards his car.
Sami started walking towards my car.
Sami started walking towards our table.
Sami started walking towards that building.
Sami started walking up the stairs.
Sami started walking us to the other side of the house.
Sami started walking with us.
Sami started walking.
Sami started washing his hands.
Sami started watching X-Files.
Sami started wearing wigs.
Sami started working at Walmart.
Sami started working at a bar downtown.
Sami started working at a gym.
Sami started working at a restaurant.
Sami started working at six.
Sami started working at sixteen.
Sami started working at that bar.
Sami started working at the club.
Sami started working at this job.
Sami started working downtown.
Sami started working for a law firm.
Sami started working full-time.
Sami started working in June.
Sami started working in the nursery.
Sami started working on that.
Sami started working there in June.
Sami started working there.
Sami started working with us.
Sami started working.
Sami started worrying about his friend.
Sami started writing Layla.
Sami started yelling and making a sense.
Sami started yelling at Layla across the room.
Sami started yelling at Layla.
Sami started yelling at the cop.
Sami started yelling.
Sami starts giggling every time he smokes weed.
Sami stashed the marijuana in a motel room.
Sami stay with his best friend.
Sami stayed a little bit longer.
Sami stayed a night at his friend's house.
Sami stayed another day in Egypt.
Sami stayed at a hotel.
Sami stayed at his old apartment.
Sami stayed at home.
Sami stayed at my house for a good six hours.
Sami stayed at the bar the whole night.
Sami stayed at the house.
Sami stayed at work.
Sami stayed beside his daughter in that hospital room.
Sami stayed by himself.
Sami stayed faithful to Layla.
Sami stayed focused.
Sami stayed here for like months.
Sami stayed here to get drunk.
Sami stayed here without my permission.
Sami stayed home all day with his daughter, Layla.
Sami stayed home for a couple of hours.
Sami stayed home to read his book.
Sami stayed home to watch and feed his little sister, Layla.
Sami stayed home.
Sami stayed in Cairo for like a week.
Sami stayed in Egypt for six weeks.
Sami stayed in Layla's car.
Sami stayed in a haunted house.
Sami stayed in a room probably half the size of this little room here.
Sami stayed in front of me.
Sami stayed in his apartment.
Sami stayed in his bed.
Sami stayed in his motorhome.
Sami stayed in his office all day.
Sami stayed in his position.
Sami stayed in his room.
Sami stayed in my car.
Sami stayed in that bathroom for an hour and a half.
Sami stayed in the area.
Sami stayed in the car.
Sami stayed in the hallway.
Sami stayed in the living room.
Sami stayed in the room and did drugs.
Sami stayed in the room until midnight.
Sami stayed in the staircase all the night.
Sami stayed in the staircase of that building.
Sami stayed in this mobile home.
Sami stayed inside.
Sami stayed live for two hours.
Sami stayed mad at Layla.
Sami stayed on the beach.
Sami stayed on the run for two years.
Sami stayed open.
Sami stayed out of trouble.
Sami stayed outside.
Sami stayed over one night.
Sami stayed over there until his grandmother came back.
Sami stayed put until the storm was over.
Sami stayed right here.
Sami stayed right there.
Sami stayed silent.
Sami stayed still for a few seconds.
Sami stayed the night at a brothel.
Sami stayed the night at a whore house.
Sami stayed the whole night.
Sami stayed there anyway.
Sami stayed there for a long time.
Sami stayed there for about five minutes.
Sami stayed there the whole night.
Sami stayed there to talk to Layla.
Sami stayed there until he was sixteen.
Sami stayed there with all those douchebags.
Sami stayed there.
Sami stayed upstairs.
Sami stayed with Layla overnight.
Sami stayed with Layla until Christmas.
Sami stayed with Layla's aunt.
Sami stayed with Layla.
Sami stayed with another aunt.
Sami stayed with friends.
Sami stayed with his aunt.
Sami stayed with his family.
Sami stayed with his wife.
Sami stayed with me this entire time.
Sami stayed with me.
Sami stayed with the kids for a couple of days.
Sami stayed.
Sami stays here.
Sami stays on the sales floor.
Sami stays up all night.
Sami steals everything.
Sami steals guns.
Sami stepped away from Layla.
Sami stepped away to make a call.
Sami stepped back.
Sami stepped forward.
Sami stepped in a deep spot and fell into the water.
Sami stepped in between Layla and Farid.
Sami stepped inside that room.
Sami stepped on Layla's toes.
Sami stepped on dog excrement.
Sami stepped on my foot.
Sami stepped on something squishy.
Sami stepped on the dog's tail.
Sami stepped out of his car.
Sami stepped out of the car.
Sami stepped out of the phone booth.
Sami stepped out of the room.
Sami stepped out of the shower.
Sami stepped out the door.
Sami stepped over the body.
Sami still acted like he was in high school.
Sami still appeared agitated.
Sami still blames his abusive mother for his actions.
Sami still can't believe to this day that this story is true.
Sami still can't explain this.
Sami still can't say his name correctly.
Sami still cares about Layla.
Sami still comes over to my house every single day.
Sami still considered Layla as a friend.
Sami still considered Layla new.
Sami still considers Farid as his best friend.
Sami still considers himself lucky.
Sami still craved sex.
Sami still didn't have any projects to work on.
Sami still didn't know how to handle that situation.
Sami still didn't want to believe it.
Sami still does drugs.
Sami still does it.
Sami still does that.
Sami still does this.
Sami still doesn't know what exactly happened.
Sami still doesn't know what happened at the worksite.
Sami still doesn't know what to call his puppy.
Sami still doesn't know what to do about it.
Sami still doesn't look very happy.
Sami still doesn't understand it.
Sami still doesn't understand this.
Sami still dreamed of Hollywood stardom.
Sami still drinks caffeine.
Sami still drinks coffee.
Sami still drinks.
Sami still feels bad.
Sami still feels ill.
Sami still feels unworthy of forgiveness.
Sami still felt dizzy.
Sami still felt very weak.
Sami still finds time to volunteer at children's safety events.
Sami still followed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami still follows Layla on Snapchat.
Sami still follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Sami still gives a shit about this.
Sami still goes to that shitty school.
Sami still had a plan.
Sami still had all of his shit in that apartment.
Sami still had beer in his mouth.
Sami still had feelings for Layla.
Sami still had his best friends around him.
Sami still had his ex's photo in his photo album.
Sami still had his ex's photo in his wallet.
Sami still had his girlfriend's photo in his wallet.
Sami still had his work boots on.
Sami still had hope that things were going to work out between him and Layla.
Sami still had one appeal left.
Sami still had to do his job.
Sami still hangs out with Layla.
Sami still has Layla's number.
Sami still has a chance.
Sami still has a few months to live here.
Sami still has a guitar.
Sami still has a long way to go.
Sami still has a mystery to solve.
Sami still has a picture of that house.
Sami still has access to those images.
Sami still has hair.
Sami still has her number.
Sami still has his guitar.
Sami still has his life.
Sami still has his own home.
Sami still has his police uniform.
Sami still has nails.
Sami still has nightmares about third grade.
Sami still has no idea what Layla is doing.
Sami still has occasional seizures.
Sami still has six minutes.
Sami still has so many questions about Islam.
Sami still has some more t-shirts.
Sami still has that book.
Sami still has that guitar.
Sami still has the same phone number.
Sami still has those pictures of Layla.
Sami still has time to take the pills.
Sami still hasn't accepted responsibility.
Sami still hasn't come back.
Sami still hasn't done it.
Sami still hasn't forgotten Layla.
Sami still hasn't heard from Layla.
Sami still hasn't responded.
Sami still hates Layla.
Sami still liked his friend.
Sami still likes Layla.
Sami still likes to manage everything at home.
Sami still likes to portray himself as an innocent victim.
Sami still listens to this song.
Sami still lived in Egypt with his father.
Sami still lived over there.
Sami still lives here.
Sami still lives in Egypt.
Sami still lives in his old apartment.
Sami still lives in that house.
Sami still lives in this area.
Sami still lives on that farm.
Sami still lives there.
Sami still loved his girlfriend.
Sami still loved his wife.
Sami still loves Walmart.
Sami still loves his family.
Sami still loves you.
Sami still maintains Layla's death was a tragic accident.
Sami still maintains his innocence, as does his family.
Sami still makes mistakes.
Sami still misses Layla terribly.
Sami still misses Layla.
Sami still mourns Layla's loss.
Sami still needed Layla.
Sami still needs to go.
Sami still owes Layla money.
Sami still owes me a lot of money.
Sami still practises it.
Sami still reads the Bible.
Sami still regrets this.
Sami still remembers Layla's exact expression.
Sami still remembers everything about Layla.
Sami still remembers.
Sami still shops there.
Sami still sings.
Sami still smells the same scent.
Sami still smokes weed.
Sami still smokes.
Sami still stared.
Sami still thinks about Layla.
Sami still thinks about it.
Sami still thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Sami still wanted Layla to be friends with him.
Sami still wanted something else.
Sami still wanted something.
Sami still wanted to be part of Layla's life.
Sami still wanted to get involved in things after school.
Sami still wanted to go to the Halloween parties.
Sami still wanted to know.
Sami still wanted to leave.
Sami still wanted to work on the marriage but Layla didn't believe him.
Sami still wants Layla to be friends with him.
Sami still wasn't back.
Sami still wasn't there.
Sami still watched Layla's YouTube videos.
Sami still watches Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami still watches Layla's videos.
Sami still went to school.
Sami still works at Walmart to this day.
Sami still works in that restaurant.
Sami stinks.
Sami stole 1600 dollars.
Sami stole DVD's.
Sami stole Farid's girlfriend.
Sami stole Farid's identity.
Sami stole Farid's jeans.
Sami stole Layal's gift card.
Sami stole Layla's TV.
Sami stole Layla's belongings.
Sami stole Layla's boat.
Sami stole Layla's bra.
Sami stole Layla's candy.
Sami stole Layla's car.
Sami stole Layla's clothes.
Sami stole Layla's credit card.
Sami stole Layla's credit cards.
Sami stole Layla's diamond ring.
Sami stole Layla's diary and destroyed it.
Sami stole Layla's diary.
Sami stole Layla's donut.
Sami stole Layla's iPod and sold it to Farid.
Sami stole Layla's iPod.
Sami stole Layla's illegal drugs.
Sami stole Layla's life savings.
Sami stole Layla's money and car.
Sami stole Layla's money.
Sami stole Layla's new phone.
Sami stole Layla's new shoes.
Sami stole Layla's painkillers.
Sami stole Layla's passport.
Sami stole Layla's phone and car.
Sami stole Layla's piggy bank.
Sami stole Layla's purse.
Sami stole Layla's tiny suitcase.
Sami stole Layla's tissue roll.
Sami stole Layla's weed.
Sami stole TV's.
Sami stole a bottle of wine from the restaurant.
Sami stole a car every week.
Sami stole a computer.
Sami stole a credit card.
Sami stole a gift card.
Sami stole a gun.
Sami stole a loaded pistol.
Sami stole a lot.
Sami stole a new car.
Sami stole a page from the doctor's prescription pad.
Sami stole a suitcase from the store.
Sami stole a wallet and sold it to me.
Sami stole a wallet.
Sami stole all of Layla's shit.
Sami stole all of Layla's stuff.
Sami stole beer from the restaurant kitchen.
Sami stole cars and sold them through a middleman.
Sami stole cars.
Sami stole clothing.
Sami stole computers.
Sami stole everything for no reason.
Sami stole expensive stuff.
Sami stole for Layla.
Sami stole from Layla to support his gambling habit.
Sami stole from Layla's restaurant.
Sami stole from Layla.
Sami stole from Walmart.
Sami stole from me.
Sami stole from the cash register.
Sami stole from the church.
Sami stole from the job.
Sami stole from the restaurant.
Sami stole his mom's money.
Sami stole his mother's pills.
Sami stole it from me.
Sami stole items from Layla's home.
Sami stole many items from Walmart.
Sami stole markers in school.
Sami stole mascara from a store.
Sami stole money from Layla.
Sami stole money from people's wallets.
Sami stole money from the club.
Sami stole my iPod.
Sami stole my phone.
Sami stole my shit.
Sami stole my stuff.
Sami stole off on Layla and punched her dead in the jaw.
Sami stole shit from Layla.
Sami stole sixty dollars from Layla.
Sami stole sixty thousand dollars.
Sami stole small things.
Sami stole so much from Layla.
Sami stole some sensible credit card information from his company.
Sami stole some things from Layla's house.
Sami stole something.
Sami stole that book for Layla.
Sami stole that little boy's candy.
Sami stole the camera from Layla.
Sami stole the camera from Walmart.
Sami stole the phone from a store.
Sami stole the poster from a movie theater.
Sami stole the ring from his grandma.
Sami stole the ring from his sister.
Sami stole the vehicle.
Sami stole things.
Sami stole this from Walmart.
Sami stole this from a gift shop.
Sami stole this from someone.
Sami stole this iPod from Layla.
Sami stole thousands of dollars.
Sami stole tires.
Sami stole what he wanted and left.
Sami stomped on Layla's head.
Sami stoned the devil in Mina.
Sami stood at his desk, reading that letter.
Sami stood behind the door.
Sami stood by Layla.
Sami stood by the bleachers.
Sami stood by the window.
Sami stood in front of Layla.
Sami stood in front of the jury.
Sami stood in front of the window.
Sami stood in line, waiting.
Sami stood in solidarity with us.
Sami stood in the middle of the arena.
Sami stood in the middle of this teenage drama.
Sami stood in the middle.
Sami stood next to Layla.
Sami stood on a stool.
Sami stood on the counter.
Sami stood on the table.
Sami stood out to me because he had the same name as my brother.
Sami stood outside of the bar space.
Sami stood outside of the bathroom.
Sami stood outside of the boys' bathroom.
Sami stood outside the hospital room.
Sami stood outside.
Sami stood over the bridge.
Sami stood right next to me.
Sami stood right next to us.
Sami stood shocked.
Sami stood still.
Sami stood there and he could hear that noise.
Sami stood there and listened.
Sami stood there for a while.
Sami stood there for like ten seconds.
Sami stood there.
Sami stood trial first.
Sami stood up and looked back.
Sami stood up and raised his arms over his head as if to thank the heavens.
Sami stood up for Layla.
Sami stood up for himself.
Sami stood up on his chair.
Sami stood up on the desk.
Sami stood up.
Sami stood with them.
Sami stopped Layla from going to church.
Sami stopped and started yelling.
Sami stopped annoying Layla.
Sami stopped at a cafe for a glass of wine.
Sami stopped at a red light.
Sami stopped at the bar.
Sami stopped at the place he was supposed to stop.
Sami stopped being flirtatious towards Layla.
Sami stopped being mean towards Layla.
Sami stopped being romantic with Layla.
Sami stopped breathing.
Sami stopped by Layla's desk again.
Sami stopped by to bring something special for Layla.
Sami stopped calling Layla that.
Sami stopped cheating on Layla.
Sami stopped cheating.
Sami stopped coming to church.
Sami stopped cooperating with the police.
Sami stopped crumpling the bag.
Sami stopped crying.
Sami stopped doing YouTube videos.
Sami stopped doing that.
Sami stopped doing this.
Sami stopped drinking alcohol.
Sami stopped drinking and his life improved.
Sami stopped drinking and looked at me.
Sami stopped drinking soda.
Sami stopped drinking.
Sami stopped e-mailing Layla.
Sami stopped eating.
Sami stopped everything.
Sami stopped filming there.
Sami stopped filming.
Sami stopped focusing on his classes.
Sami stopped following Layla.
Sami stopped going to church.
Sami stopped going to school.
Sami stopped harassing Layla.
Sami stopped his camel.
Sami stopped his car.
Sami stopped his text messages.
Sami stopped hitting Layla.
Sami stopped immediately.
Sami stopped kissing Layla.
Sami stopped laughing.
Sami stopped liking Layla.
Sami stopped making that noise.
Sami stopped messaging Layla on Facebook.
Sami stopped next to us.
Sami stopped paying his rent.
Sami stopped playing with his dog.
Sami stopped playing.
Sami stopped pursuing Layla.
Sami stopped reading the Quran.
Sami stopped replying to Layla's messages.
Sami stopped responding to Layla's calls and texts.
Sami stopped responding to Layla's messages.
Sami stopped screaming.
Sami stopped seeing Layla for a little way.
Sami stopped seeing Layla.
Sami stopped sending Layla text messages.
Sami stopped smoking cigarettes because he wanted to stop smoking weed.
Sami stopped smoking weed for six months.
Sami stopped smoking weed, too.
Sami stopped smoking.
Sami stopped stalking Layla.
Sami stopped swinging.
Sami stopped taking his medication.
Sami stopped talking about Layla.
Sami stopped talking about it.
Sami stopped talking to Layla completely.
Sami stopped talking to Layla.
Sami stopped talking to her.
Sami stopped talking to him.
Sami stopped talking.
Sami stopped texting Layla.
Sami stopped the car.
Sami stopped the truck.
Sami stopped this.
Sami stopped to buy beer.
Sami stopped to check.
Sami stopped using drugs.
Sami stopped walking.
Sami stopped watching football for a long time after he left Toronto.
Sami stopped watching that TV show.
Sami stopped where he shouldn't have.
Sami stopped yelling.
Sami stopped.
Sami stored that stuff in the attic.
Sami stores the hatchet in his toolbox.
Sami stormed away.
Sami stormed off the dance floor.
Sami stormed out of the classroom.
Sami stormed out of the house after an argument with Layla.
Sami stormed out of the house.
Sami stormed out of the restaurant.
Sami stormed out of the room.
Sami stormed out of the store.
Sami stormed out the door.
Sami story doesn't ring true.
Sami straddled the pothole.
Sami straightened his hair.
Sami strangled Layla to kill her.
Sami strangled Layla until he heard a crack.
Sami strangled Layla while she was gurgling.
Sami strangled Layla with a bathrobe sash.
Sami strangled Layla with one of her scarfs.
Sami strapped a rifle to his Jeep.
Sami strayed from the righteous path.
Sami stripped Layla's wallet of more than 600 bucks.
Sami stripped naked.
Sami struck Layla in the neck.
Sami struck Layla on the head.
Sami struck Layla with a statue.
Sami struck Layla.
Sami struck a deal with Layla.
Sami struck again and again, stabbing Layla six times in the chest and abdomen.
Sami struggled a little bit with his self-esteem.
Sami struggled to accept Layla's death.
Sami struggled to break free.
Sami struggled to cope with the jury's ruling.
Sami struggled to get air.
Sami struggled to pay the bills.
Sami struggled to raise his children on his own.
Sami struggled to talk.
Sami struggled with a lot of things.
Sami struggled with a major issue: recreational drug use.
Sami struggled with feelings of guilt.
Sami struggled with illness.
Sami struggled with the disease of addiction.
Sami struggled with the loss of his mother.
Sami stuck a note on the window.
Sami stuck by story he told police the night he was arrested.
Sami stuck plastic explosive on the window.
Sami stuck the needle into his hand.
Sami stuck to his morals.
Sami stuck to his story.
Sami student-taught for a year.
Sami studied Arabic for one year.
Sami studied Buddhism.
Sami studied Islam.
Sami studied Islamic art.
Sami studied a bit of Islam at university.
Sami studied and worked.
Sami studied at a public school.
Sami studied at high school.
Sami studied biochemical engineering.
Sami studied biology.
Sami studied butterflies.
Sami studied every single religion.
Sami studied extra hard.
Sami studied federal law.
Sami studied for an engineering degree.
Sami studied for his doctorate.
Sami studied for the test.
Sami studied harder.
Sami studied his daughter's autopsy.
Sami studied in two different schools.
Sami studied law at the University of Cairo.
Sami studied many religions.
Sami studied medicine.
Sami studied other religions.
Sami studied psychiatry.
Sami studied the Ten Commandments.
Sami studied the life of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Sami studied very hard.
Sami studies Arabic from 8 to 10 am.
Sami studies and works.
Sami studies how insects predict the weather.
Sami stuffed a bag inside Layla's mouth to stifle her.
Sami stumbled across a small village.
Sami stumbled to the road, flagging down a pickup.
Sami stumbled upon a grizzly bear and her two cubs.
Sami submerged his entire body in the freezing water.
Sami submitted a casting video doing a model walk.
Sami submitted to that dangerous sexual game.
Sami subscribed to Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami subscribed to all of Layla's YouTube channels.
Sami subscribed to my YouTube channel.
Sami subscribed to the channel.
Sami succeeded.
Sami succumbed to AIDS.
Sami succumbed to Layla's charm.
Sami succumbed to the temptation of the flesh.
Sami suddenly changed his mind.
Sami suddenly changed his story.
Sami suddenly commanded Layla to stop shooting.
Sami suddenly disappeared.
Sami suddenly fled.
Sami suddenly launched towards Layla.
Sami suddenly remembered that he hadn't locked the damn door.
Sami suddenly remembered that.
Sami suddenly turned up.
Sami suddenly went blind and deaf.
Sami sued Layla because she stole his drugs.
Sami sued his bank.
Sami sued the city of Toronto.
Sami sued the company for so much money.
Sami suffered a decade of abuse and humiliation from Layla.
Sami suffered a horrible wound to his leg.
Sami suffered a huge depression.
Sami suffered a stroke.
Sami suffered abuse at an early age.
Sami suffered abuse, especially sexual abuse.
Sami suffered anxiety.
Sami suffered excessive loss.
Sami suffered from a mental illness.
Sami suffered from all the typical side effects that came with steroids.
Sami suffered from asthma.
Sami suffered from many failed relationships.
Sami suffered from that.
Sami suffered from the disease of addiction.
Sami suffered in silence.
Sami suffered several severe injuries to his body.
Sami suffered severe internal damage.
Sami suffered so long with the guilt of killing his once best friend.
Sami suffered unimaginable abuse.
Sami suffered what's referred to as an internal decapitation. In other words, his skull was severed from his spine.
Sami suffered with Arabic.
Sami suggested a less expensive fix.
Sami suggested it.
Sami suggested that.
Sami suggested this.
Sami suggested to Layla to try online dating.
Sami summoned every ounce of strength to try to overcome his assailant.
Sami super sweet.
Sami supplied Layla's killers with all of the logistics.
Sami supported Layla and her decisions.
Sami supported Layla in her journey.
Sami supported Layla in that decision.
Sami supported Layla.
Sami supported his family.
Sami supported his friends.
Sami supported his wife.
Sami supports Layla.
Sami supports me.
Sami suppressed all those feelings.
Sami suppressed his emotions.
Sami sure was mad.
Sami surely didn't know about it.
Sami surfed the Internet.
Sami surfed the web.
Sami surfed through the channel.
Sami surprised Layla.
Sami surprised a peeping Tom in his garden.
Sami surprised me.
Sami surrendered to police.
Sami survived 6 days adrift on the open ocean.
Sami survived a barrage of bullets.
Sami survived a heart attack.
Sami survived a vicious poisoning.
Sami survived but his quality of life was deeply impacted.
Sami survived by capturing fish with his bare hands.
Sami survived five tours of duty in the Middle East.
Sami survived his affliction.
Sami survived his ordeal.
Sami survived on a tropical island alone for a hundred days.
Sami survived on what little food and water his abductors gave him.
Sami survived that night.
Sami survived the accident.
Sami survived the crash.
Sami survived three days without water in the savannah.
Sami survived worse than that.
Sami survived.
Sami survives off meager portions of bread and water.
Sami suspected Layla of having an affair.
Sami suspected Layla of killing her husband.
Sami suspected Layla was possibly having an extra-marital affair in Cairo.
Sami suspected his wife Layla is fooling around.
Sami sustained some physical and emotional abuse.
Sami swallowed a bunch of pills.
Sami swallowed a whole bottle of pills.
Sami swallowed the coin.
Sami swam back to shore.
Sami swam in the lake for a little bit.
Sami swapped good grades with street gangs.
Sami sweet-talked Layla and she believed him.
Sami swept Layla off her feet with his rugged good looks.
Sami swept up that trash.
Sami switched CD's very fast.
Sami switched gears.
Sami switched the camera to night vision.
Sami switched the light back on.
Sami switched the light on.
Sami switched the radio to a different station.
Sami swore at the staff.
Sami swore he didn't do that.
Sami swore he would get revenge.
Sami swore he would kill Layla.
Sami swore he would never again touch intoxicants.
Sami swore he would never live in a house with an attic.
Sami swore like a sailor.
Sami swore never to do this again.
Sami swore on everything that Layla didn't tell him anything.
Sami swore on everything that he didn't have a clue about what was going on.
Sami swore on everything that he never said anything to Layla.
Sami swore on his daughter's life that he didn't do that.
Sami swore that Layla told him she had done that.
Sami swore that he would make Layla pay for that.
Sami swore to Layla that he wouldn't do that again.
Sami swore to himself that he would never be broke again.
Sami swore to tell the truth.
Sami sympathized with Layla.
Sami sympathizes more with trans people now.
Sami sympathizes with transgender people.
Sami tagged Layla in the Instagram picture.
Sami takes a dose of antibiotics every eight hours.
Sami takes a dump every morning.
Sami talked Layla into driving him back to the bar.
Sami talked Layla into killing Farid.
Sami talked Layla out of it.
Sami talked a little bit about this.
Sami talked a lot.
Sami talked about Islam.
Sami talked about Jesus, peace be upon him.
Sami talked about Layla a lot.
Sami talked about Layla all the time.
Sami talked about Layla as if she was oxygen to him.
Sami talked about Layla in his last video.
Sami talked about Layla's mother.
Sami talked about Layla's sex life.
Sami talked about Layla.
Sami talked about Ramadan.
Sami talked about a real life experience.
Sami talked about abuse and manipulation.
Sami talked about basketball.
Sami talked about business the whole time.
Sami talked about creation.
Sami talked about dating.
Sami talked about domestic violence.
Sami talked about food poisoning.
Sami talked about himself.
Sami talked about his anxieties.
Sami talked about his aspirations for life.
Sami talked about his big dreams.
Sami talked about his casting process with that studio.
Sami talked about his crazy mother.
Sami talked about his efforts to win Layla back.
Sami talked about his emotions.
Sami talked about his exes very frequently.
Sami talked about his first high school.
Sami talked about his haunted house.
Sami talked about his home life.
Sami talked about his infidelity.
Sami talked about his parents.
Sami talked about his personal experience with Layla.
Sami talked about his personal experiences.
Sami talked about his son.
Sami talked about his wedding.
Sami talked about how dirty Layla was.
Sami talked about how he used to live there.
Sami talked about how much he loved Layla.
Sami talked about it with his mom.
Sami talked about it.
Sami talked about killing someone.
Sami talked about rape culture.
Sami talked about some spooky things.
Sami talked about some strange things happening in that house.
Sami talked about that at the end of the video.
Sami talked about that haunted house.
Sami talked about that in a completely different video.
Sami talked about that in a separate video.
Sami talked about that.
Sami talked about the death of his own son.
Sami talked about the principal a lot.
Sami talked about the rights of women in Islam.
Sami talked about the role of women in Islam.
Sami talked about this letter.
Sami talked about this subject.
Sami talked about this.
Sami talked about what happened.
Sami talked and acted like someone else was in the room with us.
Sami talked bad about Layla.
Sami talked exactly like this.
Sami talked like Farid.
Sami talked really fast.
Sami talked to Layla a couple of times.
Sami talked to Layla about her absences.
Sami talked to Layla after recess.
Sami talked to Layla as well.
Sami talked to Layla earlier.
Sami talked to Layla first.
Sami talked to Layla for a minute.
Sami talked to Layla for hours.
Sami talked to Layla on Christmas day.
Sami talked to Layla on Facebook.
Sami talked to Layla on the phone.
Sami talked to Layla openly about other girls that he liked.
Sami talked to Layla sexually.
Sami talked to Layla the day of the murder.
Sami talked to Layla's cousin.
Sami talked to Layla's father.
Sami talked to Layla's friends.
Sami talked to Layla's mother.
Sami talked to Layla's teacher.
Sami talked to Layla.
Sami talked to a different gate agent.
Sami talked to a few Muslim students.
Sami talked to another manager.
Sami talked to another person.
Sami talked to everybody.
Sami talked to girls.
Sami talked to himself.
Sami talked to his boss.
Sami talked to his friends.
Sami talked to his manager about that.
Sami talked to his manager.
Sami talked to his mom about it.
Sami talked to his mom after school.
Sami talked to his mom.
Sami talked to his wife.
Sami talked to me about Layla.
Sami talked to me like I was a piece of shit.
Sami talked to me.
Sami talked to my boyfriend.
Sami talked to one of them.
Sami talked to people.
Sami talked to the boss.
Sami talked to the gate agent.
Sami talked to the manager of the department store.
Sami talked to the manager.
Sami talked to the marketing head.
Sami talked to the media.
Sami talked to the minister.
Sami talked to the operator.
Sami talked to the police about it.
Sami talked to the police department.
Sami talked to the police.
Sami talked to the press.
Sami talked to the property manager.
Sami talked to the prosecutor.
Sami talked to the shaman.
Sami talked to them about this.
Sami talked to them.
Sami talked to this guy.
Sami talked to us.
Sami talked under his breath.
Sami talks about Islam.
Sami talks about Layla all the time.
Sami talks about himself.
Sami talks proper on the phone.
Sami talks proper.
Sami talks quite a lot, doesn't he?
Sami talks shit all the time.
Sami talks to everybody.
Sami talks to everyone.
Sami talks to his dog like he's a human.
Sami talks too much.
Sami talks with an accent.
Sami taped Layla while she performed sex acts on him.
Sami taped the wing mirror.
Sami tapped Layla and she tapped him back.
Sami tapped Layla on the shoulder.
Sami tapped Layla to make sure that she was still awake.
Sami tapped Layla to make sure that she was still up.
Sami tarnished Layla's reputation.
Sami tasted Layla's pie.
Sami tasted the coffee.
Sami tasted the dessert.
Sami tattooed that right on his neck.
Sami tattooed the word "hate" on his arm.
Sami tattooed vampire bite marks on his neck.
Sami taught Arabic at a Christian school.
Sami taught Layla a card trick.
Sami taught Layla a lot of things.
Sami taught Layla a valuable lesson.
Sami taught Layla about Islam.
Sami taught Layla about the Catholic faith.
Sami taught Layla everything he knew.
Sami taught Layla golf.
Sami taught Layla how to drive.
Sami taught Layla how to golf.
Sami taught Layla how to play the guitar.
Sami taught Layla how to roll the silverware.
Sami taught Layla how to steal cars.
Sami taught Layla how to swim.
Sami taught Layla how to use the crutches.
Sami taught Leyla how to swear in Arabic.
Sami taught a Bible study class.
Sami taught at a Christian school.
Sami taught at the same school that Layla was attending.
Sami taught biology.
Sami taught everything to Layla.
Sami taught his daughter the value of a dollar.
Sami taught his parrot the alphabet.
Sami taught in a predominantly Caucasian school.
Sami taught yoga.
Sami taxed the tips of his servers.
Sami teaches Arabic in Egypt.
Sami teaches Spanish literature.
Sami teaches people how to ride camels.
Sami teaches translation techniques at a renowned translation institute.
Sami telephoned Layla's family and talked to her brother.
Sami tells Layla everything.
Sami tells all his girlfriends about Layal.
Sami tells me everything.
Sami tells me the truth.
Sami tells stories about his life on his YouTube channel.
Sami tells stories from his life.
Sami tells us funny stories of things that happened to him.
Sami tells us funny stories.
Sami tells very cool and interesting stories.
Sami tended to Layla's mention.
Sami terrorized Layla into being with him.
Sami tested positive for meth use.
Sami testified about the incident.
Sami testified against his best friend.
Sami testified against his stalker.
Sami testified for the state.
Sami testified in court.
Sami testified in the murder case.
Sami testified on June 6th, 2006.
Sami testified on his own behalf.
Sami testified.
Sami texted Layla "good morning."
Sami texted Layla a few days later.
Sami texted Layla a long message.
Sami texted Layla a question mark.
Sami texted Layla afterwards.
Sami texted Layla again this morning.
Sami texted Layla again.
Sami texted Layla and she texted him right back.
Sami texted Layla back again.
Sami texted Layla back that night.
Sami texted Layla back.
Sami texted Layla every hour of every day.
Sami texted Layla from a new number.
Sami texted Layla in the morning.
Sami texted Layla more than once.
Sami texted Layla really late.
Sami texted Layla right after school.
Sami texted Layla right back.
Sami texted Layla several times.
Sami texted Layla sixty times in a row and she never replied.
Sami texted Layla that morning.
Sami texted Layla that night.
Sami texted Layla the next day.
Sami texted Layla to come downstairs.
Sami texted Layla to tell her what table he was at in the lunchroom.
Sami texted Layla while she was in school.
Sami texted Layla's friend.
Sami texted Layla.
Sami texted a quote to me.
Sami texted all of them.
Sami texted her again.
Sami texted her.
Sami texted his dad.
Sami texted his friends.
Sami texted his girlfriend back.
Sami texted his girlfriend.
Sami texted his other roommate.
Sami texted his teacher to let him know that he was sick.
Sami texted me about this.
Sami texted me at six pm.
Sami texted me back six days later.
Sami texted me back.
Sami texted me the next day.
Sami texted me.
Sami texted that number.
Sami texted the wrong person.
Sami texts Layla all the time.
Sami texts me every morning.
Sami thanked Allah for everything.
Sami thanked God for protecting him.
Sami thanked Layla for helping him.
Sami thanked Layla for her apology.
Sami thanked Layla for her patience and support.
Sami thanked Layla for saying so.
Sami thanked Layla for supporting her through everything.
Sami thanked Layla for the book.
Sami thanked Layla for the gift.
Sami thanked Layla so much for the gift card.
Sami thanked his friends for their love and support.
Sami thanked the Lord.
Sami the dog pooped in the attic.
Sami the picture and he was immediately disgusted.
Sami things that were very sentimental for him in that box.
Sami thinks Farid is a hero for what he did.
Sami thinks Farid is a hero.
Sami thinks I am lying.
Sami thinks I am too young.
Sami thinks I can do it.
Sami thinks I'm having his baby.
Sami thinks I'm lying.
Sami thinks I'm not good enough for his daughter.
Sami thinks I'm responsible for all his misfortune.
Sami thinks I'm too young.
Sami thinks Layla has a gun.
Sami thinks Layla has been drinking.
Sami thinks Layla is a bad person.
Sami thinks Layla is a dude.
Sami thinks Layla is a spy.
Sami thinks Layla is a vampire.
Sami thinks Layla is a witch.
Sami thinks Layla is capable of murder.
Sami thinks Layla is crazy.
Sami thinks Layla is cute.
Sami thinks Layla is following him.
Sami thinks Layla is insane.
Sami thinks Layla is nothing but a wife.
Sami thinks Layla is really cool.
Sami thinks Layla is really cute.
Sami thinks Layla is right.
Sami thinks Layla is smoking weed.
Sami thinks Layla is the problem.
Sami thinks Layla is too soft-spoken.
Sami thinks Layla knows too much.
Sami thinks Layla must be transgender.
Sami thinks Layla stole money from him.
Sami thinks Layla was murdered.
Sami thinks Muslim women are oppressed.
Sami thinks about it every night.
Sami thinks about it.
Sami thinks fighting is very immature.
Sami thinks he can do whatever he wants.
Sami thinks he can get away with this.
Sami thinks he did very well in the exam.
Sami thinks he has found the answer.
Sami thinks he has got a bargain.
Sami thinks he has magic powers.
Sami thinks he is caught.
Sami thinks he is in love with Layla.
Sami thinks he is in trouble.
Sami thinks he just got shot.
Sami thinks he knows everything that's going on.
Sami thinks he's a perfect father.
Sami thinks he's caught.
Sami thinks he's entitled to anything in this world.
Sami thinks he's in trouble.
Sami thinks his daughter's fiance is responsible for her death.
Sami thinks his neighbors are a nightmare.
Sami thinks his wife is cheating on him.
Sami thinks it's great.
Sami thinks it's hilarious.
Sami thinks it's time for him to go.
Sami thinks it's too weird.
Sami thinks it's weird.
Sami thinks of Layla like a best friend.
Sami thinks that Layla has been having an affair.
Sami thinks that Layla has changed.
Sami thinks that Layla has matured.
Sami thinks that Layla is having an affair.
Sami thinks that Layla knows that he knows what she did.
Sami thinks that Layla likes you.
Sami thinks that big expensive weddings are just a waste of money.
Sami thinks that camels are amazing animals.
Sami thinks that emotional cheating is as serious as physical cheating.
Sami thinks that emotional cheating is even worse than physical cheating.
Sami thinks that he should leave.
Sami thinks that he's going to die soon.
Sami thinks that might work.
Sami thinks that women are oppressed in Islam.
Sami thinks that's explainable.
Sami thinks that's so beautiful.
Sami thinks this guy is rich.
Sami thinks this is a bad omen.
Sami thinks this is a lie.
Sami thinks this is really amazing.
Sami thinks this shit is funny.
Sami thought Farid and Karim were buddies.
Sami thought Farid had a girlfriend.
Sami thought I did it.
Sami thought Layla could help him.
Sami thought Layla didn't have enough to pay for it.
Sami thought Layla got fired.
Sami thought Layla had a big nose.
Sami thought Layla heard him.
Sami thought Layla knew who he was.
Sami thought Layla knew.
Sami thought Layla might be able to help him.
Sami thought Layla really liked him.
Sami thought Layla was Muslim.
Sami thought Layla was a police informant.
Sami thought Layla was a prostitute.
Sami thought Layla was a really cool girl.
Sami thought Layla was an actual dude.
Sami thought Layla was attractive.
Sami thought Layla was cute.
Sami thought Layla was dead.
Sami thought Layla was going to shoot him.
Sami thought Layla was just joking.
Sami thought Layla was listening.
Sami thought Layla was losing her mind.
Sami thought Layla was mad.
Sami thought Layla was pregnant.
Sami thought Layla was sick.
Sami thought Layla was stalking him.
Sami thought Layla was still pregnant.
Sami thought Layla was straight.
Sami thought Layla was talking about him.
Sami thought Layla was the one.
Sami thought Layla was unfaithful, but he was mistaken.
Sami thought Layla was using the toilet.
Sami thought Layla would be so mad at him.
Sami thought Layla would have sex with him.
Sami thought Layla's black cat was demonic.
Sami thought Layla's sons had been fathered by the devil.
Sami thought a ghost lady lived in his house.
Sami thought a lot about that.
Sami thought about Layla constantly since she had left.
Sami thought about calling his mom.
Sami thought about following in Dad's footsteps at medical school.
Sami thought about his life.
Sami thought about his safety.
Sami thought about that for too long.
Sami thought about that.
Sami thought about this for a really long time.
Sami thought everyone was nice.
Sami thought everything was fine.
Sami thought hard about that.
Sami thought he committed the perfect murder.
Sami thought he could do it again.
Sami thought he could get away with it.
Sami thought he could get away with murder.
Sami thought he could outsmart the police.
Sami thought he could potentially have a relationship with Layla.
Sami thought he had a stroke.
Sami thought he had regained control of his complicated life.
Sami thought he knew why.
Sami thought he lost his checkbook.
Sami thought he lost his dog.
Sami thought he lost his kids for ever.
Sami thought he lost his wallet.
Sami thought he was alone and he wasn't.
Sami thought he was being funny.
Sami thought he was going crazy.
Sami thought he was going to die.
Sami thought he was in control.
Sami thought he was in love with Layla.
Sami thought he was safe.
Sami thought he was smarter than everybody else.
Sami thought he was so fashionable.
Sami thought he was the only one there.
Sami thought he was unlovable.
Sami thought he would die.
Sami thought he would get away with it for ever.
Sami thought he would get away with this.
Sami thought his conflict with Layla would be settled at the courtroom.
Sami thought his girlfriend was flirting with that guy.
Sami thought his marriage was over.
Sami thought it was Layla.
Sami thought it was a coincidence.
Sami thought it was a joke.
Sami thought it was a trap.
Sami thought it was an earthquake.
Sami thought it was cool back then.
Sami thought it was evening.
Sami thought it was funny.
Sami thought it was good.
Sami thought it was over.
Sami thought it was really strange.
Sami thought it was so funny.
Sami thought it was still a dream.
Sami thought it was true.
Sami thought it was you.
Sami thought it wasn't a big deal.
Sami thought it wasn't important to mention.
Sami thought life was good.
Sami thought maybe this had something to do with Layla's death.
Sami thought money could solve any problem.
Sami thought nothing of it.
Sami thought of a plan.
Sami thought of all the possibilities.
Sami thought one of his kids stole his watch.
Sami thought something had happened to Layla.
Sami thought something was wrong with Layla.
Sami thought something was wrong with him.
Sami thought something was wrong.
Sami thought that I was his mom.
Sami thought that Layla didn't want to marry him.
Sami thought that Layla had changed.
Sami thought that Layla had magic powers.
Sami thought that Layla knew it was him.
Sami thought that Layla liked him.
Sami thought that Layla loved him unconditionally.
Sami thought that Layla was fucking someone.
Sami thought that Layla was having an affair.
Sami thought that Layla was out there.
Sami thought that Layla was the girl he was going to spend the rest of his life with.
Sami thought that Layla was trying to kill herself.
Sami thought that Layla's son was fathered by the devil.
Sami thought that Majid was a dangerous threat to him.
Sami thought that all Muslims hit ladies.
Sami thought that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami thought that all Muslims wore tunics.
Sami thought that everybody was scared of him.
Sami thought that he was gay.
Sami thought that his Muslim workers were good people and that he could trust them.
Sami thought that his house was haunted by a dark spirit.
Sami thought that his house was haunted.
Sami thought that his tattoo would rinse away.
Sami thought that it was time that he told the truth.
Sami thought that no one knew that.
Sami thought that terrorism was part of Islam.
Sami thought that that was beneficial for him.
Sami thought that the adhan was singing.
Sami thought that the imam was talking about him.
Sami thought that this had something to do with the matter.
Sami thought that was OK.
Sami thought that was a little strange.
Sami thought that was funny.
Sami thought that was going to be too long.
Sami thought that was probably a coincidence.
Sami thought that was really weird.
Sami thought that was so strange.
Sami thought that was something he could do.
Sami thought that was weird.
Sami thought that would be a great idea.
Sami thought that would be funny.
Sami thought that would be perfect.
Sami thought the cops were going to bust him.
Sami thought the dog was abandoned.
Sami thought the gun was Layla's.
Sami thought the house had something weird about it.
Sami thought the whole thing was so weird.
Sami thought there was a demon in that house.
Sami thought things would be OK.
Sami thought this was a weird coincidence.
Sami thought this was really strange.
Sami thought those people were his friends.
Sami threatened Layla again.
Sami threatened Layla with a knife.
Sami threatened Layla with divorce.
Sami threatened Layla's life.
Sami threatened Layla.
Sami threatened his wife with a gun.
Sami threatened to beat Layla up.
Sami threatened to expose Layla's affair.
Sami threatened to kill Layla for being Muslim.
Sami threatened to kill Layla if she said anything.
Sami threatened to kill Layla in dozens of letters.
Sami threatened to kill Layla's dogs.
Sami threatened to kill Layla.
Sami threatened to leak Layla's address.
Sami threatened to leave Layla.
Sami threatened to report Layla's affair.
Sami threatened to strangle Layla.
Sami threw Layla down and started to beat her.
Sami threw Layla out of the house.
Sami threw Layla out.
Sami threw Layla under the bus so many times.
Sami threw Layla under the bus to save himself.
Sami threw Layla under the bus.
Sami threw Layla's ass under the bus.
Sami threw Layla's books away.
Sami threw Layla's jewelry in the trash.
Sami threw Layla's purse in the woods.
Sami threw Layla's suitcase out the window.
Sami threw a blanket over Layla's body.
Sami threw a chair through the window.
Sami threw a party in his new house.
Sami threw a peace and reconciliation barbecue at his home.
Sami threw all of his friends under the bus.
Sami threw away Layla's gift.
Sami threw away Layla's shit.
Sami threw away everything else that Layla had given him.
Sami threw away his lucrative career as a doctor to work as a taxi driver.
Sami threw dog feces onto Layla's property.
Sami threw everything in the garbage disposal.
Sami threw feces on Layla's yard.
Sami threw himself out the window.
Sami threw his arms around Layla.
Sami threw his backpack into the washing machine.
Sami threw his backpack on the floor.
Sami threw his bag on the table.
Sami threw his birthday party in his apartment.
Sami threw his mom under the bus.
Sami threw his trash into the dumpster.
Sami threw his weed away.
Sami threw it in the trash.
Sami threw money like water.
Sami threw off the sheets.
Sami threw on some clothes and went out.
Sami threw on some clothes and went to the grocery store.
Sami threw remote controls at Layla.
Sami threw sand at Layla.
Sami threw stones at Layla's cat.
Sami threw stuff everywhere.
Sami threw the bag away.
Sami threw the bag into the garbage bag.
Sami threw the bait in the water.
Sami threw the ball so hard he almost pulled his shoulder out of its socket.
Sami threw the ball to Layla.
Sami threw the beer down and it shattered.
Sami threw the blunt away.
Sami threw the bottle on the floor.
Sami threw the bouquet of flowers into the trash.
Sami threw the box into a trash can.
Sami threw the cigarette away.
Sami threw the gun out the window.
Sami threw the hat in the bin.
Sami threw the jewelry away.
Sami threw the jewelry in the trash.
Sami threw the jewelry into the trash.
Sami threw the key into the river.
Sami threw the knife off the bridge.
Sami threw the notebook at Layla.
Sami threw the panties in the trash.
Sami threw the pills in the garbage.
Sami threw the raspberries on the floor.
Sami threw the rest of the cookies away.
Sami threw the rug away.
Sami threw the syringes in the trash.
Sami threw things.
Sami threw up after he took that drug.
Sami threw up again and it was a lot.
Sami threw up all over my bags and backpack.
Sami threw up in Layla's car.
Sami threw up in the bathroom.
Sami threw up in the toilet.
Sami threw up on Layla's carpet.
Sami threw up on Layla's seat.
Sami threw up on his bed.
Sami threw up on his chest.
Sami threw up three times.
Sami threw up.
Sami threw you under the bus.
Sami thundered after Layla down the hall.
Sami tied Layla to a chair.
Sami tied a plastic bag around Layla's head and suffocated her to death.
Sami tied the cable to Layla's hands.
Sami tied the knot with Layla.
Sami tightened his vest a little bit.
Sami tipped Layla sixty dollars.
Sami tipped the server.
Sami tipped the waiter.
Sami tipped the waitress.
Sami tiptoed down the stairs.
Sami tiptoed to his mother's room.
Sami tired of riding on buses.
Sami titled the video "The Haunted House."
Sami told Farid about his escape plan.
Sami told Farid how Layla was crazy.
Sami told Farid not to date his little sister.
Sami told Farid not to fuck with his sister.
Sami told Farid that his wife was a slut.
Sami told Farid that his wife was a whore.
Sami told Layla "I love you" within like a week.
Sami told Layla Farid's last name.
Sami told Layla a horror story.
Sami told Layla a little bit about his life.
Sami told Layla a little bit more about his company.
Sami told Layla a lot of stories.
Sami told Layla a sad story.
Sami told Layla a short story.
Sami told Layla about Islam.
Sami told Layla about her husband's affair.
Sami told Layla about his ex.
Sami told Layla about his imaginary friends.
Sami told Layla about his life.
Sami told Layla about his obsession with Star Wars.
Sami told Layla about his past.
Sami told Layla about his trip.
Sami told Layla about his views on Islam.
Sami told Layla about how awful Farid was.
Sami told Layla about how his parents reacted to his coming-out.
Sami told Layla about how his parents reacted to his transition.
Sami told Layla about it in a letter.
Sami told Layla about it in the morning.
Sami told Layla about it.
Sami told Layla about my pregnancy.
Sami told Layla about that idea.
Sami told Layla about that.
Sami told Layla about the affair.
Sami told Layla about the situation with Salima.
Sami told Layla about the whole thing with Salima.
Sami told Layla again.
Sami told Layla all about his past.
Sami told Layla all about it.
Sami told Layla at work about this.
Sami told Layla everything about the affair.
Sami told Layla everything he knew.
Sami told Layla everything she needed to know about transgender people.
Sami told Layla everything that happened.
Sami told Layla everything that she needed.
Sami told Layla everything that was going on in his relationship with Salima.
Sami told Layla everything.
Sami told Layla exactly how Farid was.
Sami told Layla exactly what he was going to do to her.
Sami told Layla he didn't like dogs.
Sami told Layla he had to leave.
Sami told Layla he needed to talk to her.
Sami told Layla he really liked her a lot.
Sami told Layla he wanted to build a future with her.
Sami told Layla he was being sexually harassed.
Sami told Layla he was five, nine.
Sami told Layla he was going to be here.
Sami told Layla he was her secret admirer.
Sami told Layla he was ready to go.
Sami told Layla he was still single.
Sami told Layla he was upset.
Sami told Layla he wasn't interested.
Sami told Layla he would protect her.
Sami told Layla his friend's name.
Sami told Layla his name.
Sami told Layla his number.
Sami told Layla his real name.
Sami told Layla his story.
Sami told Layla how he became a Muslim.
Sami told Layla how he felt about her.
Sami told Layla how he felt.
Sami told Layla how to answer those questions.
Sami told Layla in the morning.
Sami told Layla it was a trap.
Sami told Layla not to call him "Sam."
Sami told Layla not to click on that button.
Sami told Layla not to come over.
Sami told Layla not to date that guy.
Sami told Layla not to do that.
Sami told Layla not to go down there.
Sami told Layla not to go near the baby.
Sami told Layla not to go near the dog.
Sami told Layla not to go to the basement.
Sami told Layla not to hang out with Farid.
Sami told Layla not to leave the house.
Sami told Layla not to tell anybody.
Sami told Layla not to touch his belongings.
Sami told Layla not to watch that video.
Sami told Layla not to worry about that.
Sami told Layla she had bad breath.
Sami told Layla she was worthless.
Sami told Layla than she couldn't put her purse on the desk.
Sami told Layla that Farid was a homosexual.
Sami told Layla that Farid was there.
Sami told Layla that I didn't like her.
Sami told Layla that Salima was his sister.
Sami told Layla that a bunch of times.
Sami told Layla that cheating wasn't really his thing.
Sami told Layla that everything was fine.
Sami told Layla that he didn't hear anything.
Sami told Layla that he didn't smoke weed.
Sami told Layla that he had been waiting all his life to meet a girl like her.
Sami told Layla that he liked her a lot.
Sami told Layla that he liked her.
Sami told Layla that he loved her.
Sami told Layla that he needed prayer.
Sami told Layla that he really loved her.
Sami told Layla that he wanted a divorce.
Sami told Layla that he was falling for her.
Sami told Layla that he was getting married.
Sami told Layla that he was going to die.
Sami told Layla that he was so excited.
Sami told Layla that he was sorry.
Sami told Layla that he was transgender.
Sami told Layla that he would see her later.
Sami told Layla that her boyfriend stole six hundred dollars from him.
Sami told Layla that her boyfriend was bisexual.
Sami told Layla that her boyfriend was married.
Sami told Layla that him and Salima were boyfriend and girlfriend.
Sami told Layla that his affair with Salima had begun in June.
Sami told Layla that his name wasn't "Farid."
Sami told Layla that his name wasn't Majid.
Sami told Layla that his relationship with Salima was trivial.
Sami told Layla that it was over.
Sami told Layla that praying makes him feel good.
Sami told Layla that she had a secret admirer.
Sami told Layla that she needed to be a good girl.
Sami told Layla that she needed to get a boob job.
Sami told Layla that she should leave her house and live with him.
Sami told Layla that she would be next.
Sami told Layla that story.
Sami told Layla that straight to her face.
Sami told Layla that the call was a buttdial.
Sami told Layla that the conversation was over.
Sami told Layla that the herbal tea would make her better.
Sami told Layla that their marriage was over.
Sami told Layla that via e-mail.
Sami told Layla that.
Sami told Layla the diamond was real.
Sami told Layla the exact same thing.
Sami told Layla the name of the club he worked at and she got quiet.
Sami told Layla the story exactly as it happened.
Sami told Layla the story.
Sami told Layla the truth about what happened.
Sami told Layla the truth.
Sami told Layla this in 2006.
Sami told Layla this morning.
Sami told Layla to avoid Farid and she listened.
Sami told Layla to be quiet.
Sami told Layla to cancel her will.
Sami told Layla to do that.
Sami told Layla to do this.
Sami told Layla to fix the door.
Sami told Layla to follow him downstairs.
Sami told Layla to get out of his room.
Sami told Layla to go away.
Sami told Layla to go fuck herself.
Sami told Layla to go to the hospital.
Sami told Layla to go upstairs.
Sami told Layla to go wash her hands.
Sami told Layla to just avoid Farid.
Sami told Layla to keep her hijab on.
Sami told Layla to keep the change.
Sami told Layla to keep this a secret.
Sami told Layla to lock the doors.
Sami told Layla to park the car like that.
Sami told Layla to pick him up from here.
Sami told Layla to redo the quiz.
Sami told Layla to remove her belongings from his house.
Sami told Layla to run away.
Sami told Layla to stay calm.
Sami told Layla to stay in her room.
Sami told Layla to stay in the room with the dogs.
Sami told Layla to stop moving.
Sami told Layla to stop texting that girl.
Sami told Layla to stop that.
Sami told Layla to stop.
Sami told Layla to strip, which she did.
Sami told Layla to strip.
Sami told Layla to take her gift back.
Sami told Layla to take her hijab off.
Sami told Layla to tell him when she got home.
Sami told Layla to wait.
Sami told Layla to watch her tone.
Sami told Layla to write down her name.
Sami told Layla what exactly happened.
Sami told Layla what happened that night.
Sami told Layla what happened.
Sami told Layla what he could do.
Sami told Layla what he did.
Sami told Layla what he had done to Farid.
Sami told Layla what he needed.
Sami told Layla what he thought about Islam.
Sami told Layla what he thought of her body.
Sami told Layla what he wanted to do.
Sami told Layla what he wanted.
Sami told Layla what the medication he had given her was.
Sami told Layla what was going on.
Sami told Layla what was going to happen.
Sami told Layla where he was.
Sami told Layla's family all about their affair.
Sami told Layla.
Sami told a shocking tale.
Sami told cops a complete fake story.
Sami told everybody about his conversion to Islam.
Sami told everybody the story.
Sami told everybody.
Sami told everyone about the affair.
Sami told everyone else.
Sami told everyone that Layla was there.
Sami told everyone to calm down.
Sami told her everything.
Sami told her what happened.
Sami told his attorney to move forward with the divorce.
Sami told his attorney what was going on.
Sami told his attorney.
Sami told his boss.
Sami told his dad that he was leaving.
Sami told his dad that he was moving out.
Sami told his dad.
Sami told his daughter not to talk to boys.
Sami told his daughter to brush her teeth.
Sami told his ex about it.
Sami told his fiance what happened.
Sami told his friend.
Sami told his girlfriend to shut up.
Sami told his manager.
Sami told his mom about it.
Sami told his mom about that incident again.
Sami told his mom about this.
Sami told his mom what was going on.
Sami told his mom.
Sami told his mother about it.
Sami told his parents.
Sami told his sister about this.
Sami told his story on tape.
Sami told his wife what had just happened.
Sami told me God exists.
Sami told me Layla's address.
Sami told me Layla's full name.
Sami told me a little bit about himself.
Sami told me about his ex.
Sami told me about his life.
Sami told me about his medical condition.
Sami told me about his past.
Sami told me about his plans for the weekend.
Sami told me about his religion.
Sami told me about his son and his baby-mom.
Sami told me about his son.
Sami told me about his troubled marriage.
Sami told me about the changes to the schedule.
Sami told me about what was happening in his family.
Sami told me about you.
Sami told me all about it.
Sami told me all that story.
Sami told me everything.
Sami told me he felt offended.
Sami told me he left town.
Sami told me he was coming over.
Sami told me he was in a lot of trouble.
Sami told me his story.
Sami told me six days later.
Sami told me some stories.
Sami told me something that chilled me to the bone.
Sami told me that I could do that.
Sami told me that Layla told him.
Sami told me that Layla was a liar.
Sami told me that Layla was his ex.
Sami told me that he was from the Bronx.
Sami told me that he was my boss.
Sami told me that he went to jail.
Sami told me that partying wasn't really his thing.
Sami told me that that girl wasn't his daughter.
Sami told me that the manager requested me.
Sami told me that this ring belonged to his grandmom.
Sami told me that this was his dog.
Sami told me that.
Sami told me the following.
Sami told me the results.
Sami told me the secret.
Sami told me the story.
Sami told me the truth.
Sami told me they didn't have any position available.
Sami told me this years ago.
Sami told me this.
Sami told me what happened.
Sami told me what he thought.
Sami told me what he wanted and I got it for him.
Sami told me what he wanted to do.
Sami told me what kind of guy he is.
Sami told me what my responsibilities were.
Sami told me what to do.
Sami told me what was happening.
Sami told me who he was.
Sami told me you were in the kitchen.
Sami told me.
Sami told my dad.
Sami told one of his friends that he thought Layla was extremely ugly.
Sami told people he didn't want to be around Layla anymore.
Sami told people he was scared for his life.
Sami told people that Layla was his wife.
Sami told people that he liked Layla.
Sami told police a complete fake story.
Sami told police a horror story.
Sami told police about how often he had sex with Layla.
Sami told police an incredible story.
Sami told police another horrific tale.
Sami told police everything that had happened that day.
Sami told police he shot his brother.
Sami told police he wasn't even there.
Sami told police six different versions of the same story.
Sami told police there had been a murder committed.
Sami told police where Layla exactly lived.
Sami told stories about his life on his YouTube channel.
Sami told that even from jail he would send somebody to kill her.
Sami told that to a nurse.
Sami told that to everybody.
Sami told that to his co-workers.
Sami told that to his friend.
Sami told that to the jurors.
Sami told the boss what was going on.
Sami told the boys.
Sami told the children what was going on.
Sami told the cops Layla was dead.
Sami told the cops this whole story.
Sami told the dispatcher was unarmed.
Sami told the doctor about that.
Sami told the jury the exact opposite.
Sami told the kids.
Sami told the kitchen to remake that customer's order.
Sami told the manager.
Sami told the police about Layla's drug history.
Sami told the police officers everything.
Sami told the police that he was being stalked.
Sami told the police what had happened.
Sami told the police what happened.
Sami told the principal.
Sami told the security guard what happened.
Sami told the story to his kids.
Sami told the story to the cops.
Sami told the story.
Sami told the truth.
Sami told the whole story.
Sami told the whole truth.
Sami told them to stop.
Sami told this to Layla.
Sami told this to his doctor.
Sami told this to his mother.
Sami told us a crazy story.
Sami told us a funny story.
Sami told us a new crazy story about aliens.
Sami told us a real story.
Sami told us a story.
Sami told us a terrifying story.
Sami told us a ton of ridiculous stories about aliens.
Sami told us a very juicy story about Layla and Farid's relationship.
Sami told us a whole bunch of things about Layla.
Sami told us about his experience.
Sami told us about his life before Islam.
Sami told us about his own experiences.
Sami told us about it.
Sami told us an interesting story.
Sami told us another crazy story about his crazy life.
Sami told us another crazy story.
Sami told us he was shocked.
Sami told us his life story.
Sami told us his personal story.
Sami told us his sad story.
Sami told us his side of the story.
Sami told us his story.
Sami told us his terrifying story.
Sami told us his version of events.
Sami told us how he did that in his own words.
Sami told us how he knew that girl.
Sami told us more about Layla's personal life.
Sami told us real stories about his past.
Sami told us some crazy stories.
Sami told us that he was resigning and that was a huge slap on the face.
Sami told us the price.
Sami told us the story last time.
Sami told us the story.
Sami told us the truth.
Sami told us this.
Sami told us to leave.
Sami told us two stories in one.
Sami told us what happened on that tragic day.
Sami told us what happened.
Sami told us what he knew.
Sami told us.
Sami told you only the truth.
Sami told you that.
Sami told you this from the beginning.
Sami told you.
Sami tolerated Layla's hijab.
Sami too a drink of it.
Sami too has been abused by his father.
Sami too me shopping.
Sami too wanted Layla all to himself.
Sami too was adopted.
Sami took Arabic in high school.
Sami took Arabic that year.
Sami took Layla aside and told her that he had a crush for her.
Sami took Layla aside and told her that he was in love with her.
Sami took Layla back to his home.
Sami took Layla back to the office.
Sami took Layla back with him.
Sami took Layla by her shirt.
Sami took Layla by the hand.
Sami took Layla down to show her his cars.
Sami took Layla down to the clinic.
Sami took Layla for a ride.
Sami took Layla for lunch.
Sami took Layla from this house.
Sami took Layla grocery shopping.
Sami took Layla home in the morning.
Sami took Layla in.
Sami took Layla into the kitchen.
Sami took Layla into the living room.
Sami took Layla on dates.
Sami took Layla out for a coffee.
Sami took Layla out for a farewell dinner.
Sami took Layla out for a pizza.
Sami took Layla out of his will.
Sami took Layla out on a date.
Sami took Layla out somewhere.
Sami took Layla out to dinner.
Sami took Layla out.
Sami took Layla over there.
Sami took Layla shopping.
Sami took Layla to Cairo.
Sami took Layla to Egypt.
Sami took Layla to Farid.
Sami took Layla to Hawaii for a week.
Sami took Layla to Walmart.
Sami took Layla to a bar.
Sami took Layla to a burger place.
Sami took Layla to a club.
Sami took Layla to a dark room.
Sami took Layla to a diner.
Sami took Layla to a fast-food restaurant.
Sami took Layla to a fine dining place.
Sami took Layla to a friend's house.
Sami took Layla to a nail salon.
Sami took Layla to a nightclub.
Sami took Layla to a pet store.
Sami took Layla to a pizzeria.
Sami took Layla to a private clinic.
Sami took Layla to a really nice sushi restaurant.
Sami took Layla to a restaurant.
Sami took Layla to a secluded spot and attacked her.
Sami took Layla to a sushi place.
Sami took Layla to a tea parlor.
Sami took Layla to a water park.
Sami took Layla to an amusement park.
Sami took Layla to an ice cream parlor.
Sami took Layla to an ice cream place.
Sami took Layla to another bar.
Sami took Layla to another bedroom.
Sami took Layla to another restaurant.
Sami took Layla to dinner.
Sami took Layla to fancy dinners.
Sami took Layla to her favorite restaurant.
Sami took Layla to her hair salon.
Sami took Layla to his new office.
Sami took Layla to his place to watch a movie.
Sami took Layla to his side of town.
Sami took Layla to see the waterfall.
Sami took Layla to take a shower.
Sami took Layla to that lake.
Sami took Layla to the airport.
Sami took Layla to the back to meet her new boss.
Sami took Layla to the barbershop.
Sami took Layla to the bathroom.
Sami took Layla to the beach.
Sami took Layla to the car and drove her to the hospital.
Sami took Layla to the doctor's.
Sami took Layla to the edge of sanity.
Sami took Layla to the embassy.
Sami took Layla to the funeral.
Sami took Layla to the garage.
Sami took Layla to the gas station.
Sami took Layla to the grocery store.
Sami took Layla to the health center.
Sami took Layla to the hospital.
Sami took Layla to the kitchen to talk to her.
Sami took Layla to the lake.
Sami took Layla to the living room.
Sami took Layla to the mall to return those shoes.
Sami took Layla to the mall.
Sami took Layla to the movies.
Sami took Layla to the park.
Sami took Layla to the playground area.
Sami took Layla to the pool.
Sami took Layla to the swimming pool.
Sami took Layla to the zoo.
Sami took Layla to trial.
Sami took Layla under his wing.
Sami took Layla up a mountain.
Sami took Layla upstairs.
Sami took Layla with him.
Sami took Layla's candy.
Sami took Layla's car and left her stranded at the hospital.
Sami took Layla's car keys and left.
Sami took Layla's car without telling her.
Sami took Layla's car.
Sami took Layla's cellphone.
Sami took Layla's credit card.
Sami took Layla's daughter under his wing.
Sami took Layla's death very painfully.
Sami took Layla's donut out of her hand.
Sami took Layla's flowers upstairs.
Sami took Layla's hand.
Sami took Layla's home.
Sami took Layla's hoodie.
Sami took Layla's life.
Sami took Layla's money.
Sami took Layla's order.
Sami took Layla's pants off.
Sami took Layla's parrot out of its cage.
Sami took Layla's phone and car.
Sami took Layla's phone.
Sami took Layla's picture.
Sami took Layla's purse.
Sami took Layla's shift that night.
Sami took Layla's shoes.
Sami took Layla's side.
Sami took Layla's suitcase.
Sami took Layla's tissue.
Sami took Layla's towel.
Sami took Layla's virginity.
Sami took Layla.
Sami took a Muslim name.
Sami took a bath.
Sami took a bite of his donut.
Sami took a break.
Sami took a bubble bath.
Sami took a burden off Layla.
Sami took a bus to Cairo.
Sami took a closer look at the autopsy report.
Sami took a coffee break.
Sami took a couple of hours off.
Sami took a couple pictures of Layla on his phone.
Sami took a day off.
Sami took a deadly gamble.
Sami took a deep breath and tried to keep his cool.
Sami took a drug ten times more powerful than methamphetamine.
Sami took a dump.
Sami took a glance at the toilet.
Sami took a hefty life insurance policy on his wife.
Sami took a knife to school on a regular basis.
Sami took a little break.
Sami took a loan from the bank.
Sami took a long time to do this.
Sami took a look at it.
Sami took a look at the computer.
Sami took a look at the file.
Sami took a lot of blows to the head.
Sami took a machete.
Sami took a nap in Layla's room while she wasn't there.
Sami took a nap.
Sami took a photo of Layla with a little girl on her lap.
Sami took a picture of Layla and her boyfriend.
Sami took a picture of Layla's boobs and sent it to his friends.
Sami took a picture of Layla's hair for his portfolio.
Sami took a picture of a seagull.
Sami took a picture of himself.
Sami took a picture of his dick.
Sami took a picture of that girl.
Sami took a picture of us.
Sami took a picture with that t-shirt.
Sami took a picture.
Sami took a piece of toilet paper and wiped off the toilet seat.
Sami took a pillow off the bed.
Sami took a plea deal to have charges reduced.
Sami took a poll on Twitter.
Sami took a polygraph test.
Sami took a pretty pricey test.
Sami took a psychedelic.
Sami took a quick nap.
Sami took a really long break to get himself together.
Sami took a really long time to reply.
Sami took a right, then another right.
Sami took a screenshot of Layla's text message.
Sami took a screenshot on his phone.
Sami took a seat and continued watching the fight.
Sami took a seat.
Sami took a selfie.
Sami took a shit in Layla's toilet.
Sami took a shit in that toilet stall.
Sami took a shit.
Sami took a shortcut to the bridge.
Sami took a shortcut.
Sami took a shot from that bottle.
Sami took a shot of whisky.
Sami took a shower by six.
Sami took a shower first.
Sami took a shower in the afternoon.
Sami took a shower.
Sami took a sip of his beer.
Sami took a sip of his wine.
Sami took a sip.
Sami took a sixty-dollar Uber ride home.
Sami took a suitcase.
Sami took a test.
Sami took a trip for six days.
Sami took a trip to Egypt.
Sami took a week off.
Sami took a whole bottle of sleeping pills.
Sami took a whole box of tranquilizers.
Sami took acid.
Sami took action.
Sami took advantage of Layla.
Sami took advantage of that.
Sami took advantage of the illegal migrants.
Sami took advantage of the opportunity.
Sami took advantage of the situation.
Sami took advantage of women.
Sami took all of that crap.
Sami took all of the shortcuts.
Sami took all the food away.
Sami took all the guns.
Sami took all the love and threw it out the window.
Sami took all the money from the register.
Sami took all the soap with him.
Sami took an Uber home.
Sami took an Uber.
Sami took an immediate liking to Layla.
Sami took an innocent person's life for no reason.
Sami took an insurance policy on Layla.
Sami took an overdose.
Sami took an unbelievably regrettable decision.
Sami took another flight.
Sami took another girl prisoner.
Sami took another look at the book.
Sami took another look.
Sami took another route.
Sami took another shot of cognac.
Sami took back what we owed him in food.
Sami took care of Layla's children.
Sami took care of Layla's daughter.
Sami took care of Layla's parrot.
Sami took care of Layla.
Sami took care of everything.
Sami took care of his mother.
Sami took care of his sisters.
Sami took care of the children.
Sami took care of the home.
Sami took care of the house.
Sami took care of the property.
Sami took care of this.
Sami took care of us.
Sami took ceramics at high school.
Sami took ceramics that year.
Sami took ceramics.
Sami took chances when they came up.
Sami took chances.
Sami took classes.
Sami took control over the situation.
Sami took cover behind his car.
Sami took custody of baby Layla.
Sami took down his trash to the dumpster.
Sami took drastic steps to establish his airtight alibi.
Sami took drugs.
Sami took education.
Sami took every precaution that he could.
Sami took extreme calculated steps to avoid detection.
Sami took fake drugs.
Sami took financial algebra in high school.
Sami took five or six photos.
Sami took food off Layla's plate and ate it.
Sami took good care of his wife.
Sami took good care of the girls.
Sami took his 26-year old daughter to the emergency room.
Sami took his CD's to Egypt.
Sami took his YouTube video down.
Sami took his anxiety medication.
Sami took his ass to bed.
Sami took his beer and took a sip.
Sami took his beer.
Sami took his braces off.
Sami took his break.
Sami took his camel to a well.
Sami took his car to a dealership to get it fixed.
Sami took his car to the dealership to have it checked.
Sami took his car to the dealership.
Sami took his car to the mechanic.
Sami took his car.
Sami took his chances in court.
Sami took his children to a lake house in Ontario.
Sami took his clothes off.
Sami took his clothes to the dry cleaner.
Sami took his daughters to the local park.
Sami took his dog everywhere.
Sami took his dog for a walk.
Sami took his dog on a walk.
Sami took his dog out at six PM.
Sami took his dog out for a twenty-minute walk.
Sami took his dog out.
Sami took his dog to the vet.
Sami took his dog.
Sami took his dogs out for a walk.
Sami took his dogs out.
Sami took his dogs to the beach.
Sami took his double shot.
Sami took his end-of-the-year test.
Sami took his friends wherever he went.
Sami took his glasses off.
Sami took his hands off his face.
Sami took his injection.
Sami took his jacket off.
Sami took his job too seriously.
Sami took his job way too seriously.
Sami took his keys and cell phone with him.
Sami took his mask off.
Sami took his own jet.
Sami took his own life in jail.
Sami took his own life in prison.
Sami took his own life.
Sami took his pants off.
Sami took his path and Layla took hers.
Sami took his puppy for a walk.
Sami took his seatbelt off.
Sami took his shahada in the mosque.
Sami took his shahada last week.
Sami took his shahada.
Sami took his shirt off.
Sami took his shit everywhere.
Sami took his shoes off in the office.
Sami took his shoes off.
Sami took his shot.
Sami took his sixth shot.
Sami took his socks off in front of everybody.
Sami took his socks off.
Sami took his son to the doctor's.
Sami took his stuff when he left.
Sami took his test.
Sami took his watch off.
Sami took in all kinds of lost souls.
Sami took it at face value.
Sami took it serious.
Sami took it so far that his prank became a crime.
Sami took it the wrong way.
Sami took it too far.
Sami took justice into his own hands.
Sami took kids for rides on his bicycle.
Sami took latex gloves from the shelf.
Sami took legal action to block the sale.
Sami took lots of trips.
Sami took many secrets to the grave.
Sami took matters into his own hands.
Sami took me down the hall.
Sami took me seriously.
Sami took me to a place and tried to rape me.
Sami took medication that might have altered his behavior that day.
Sami took medication to alleviate pain.
Sami took missionary classes in Toronto, Canada.
Sami took money out of Layla's pocket.
Sami took my car.
Sami took my money.
Sami took my order and Layla's.
Sami took my phone from me.
Sami took my phone.
Sami took notes.
Sami took off Layla's handcuffs.
Sami took off all of his clothes and went for a swim.
Sami took off down the stairs.
Sami took off his shirt.
Sami took off his socks.
Sami took off into the woods.
Sami took off on that rollercoaster.
Sami took off running.
Sami took off to the bar to go get Layla a bottle of water.
Sami took off with Layla.
Sami took off, leaving Layla behind.
Sami took offense to it.
Sami took on more hours at work.
Sami took one hit of acid.
Sami took one more picture.
Sami took one of the pills Layla had given him.
Sami took only one shot.
Sami took our car.
Sami took our money.
Sami took out four different insurance policies on his life.
Sami took out over a dozen separate policies over Layla's life.
Sami took out the trash.
Sami took over the finances.
Sami took part in a big modeling gig.
Sami took part in an LGBT orgy.
Sami took part in an anti-KKK protest.
Sami took part in an audition for a play.
Sami took part in his mother's murder.
Sami took part in the contest.
Sami took photos of Layla.
Sami took photos of his dog.
Sami took photos of his dogs.
Sami took photos of the guy.
Sami took photos with Layla's bike.
Sami took photos with a digital camera.
Sami took pictures every single day.
Sami took pictures of Layla's car.
Sami took pictures of his camel.
Sami took pictures of his cat taking a shit.
Sami took pictures on the rollercoaster.
Sami took pictures with Layla.
Sami took pictures with a confederate flag.
Sami took pictures with a few passing tourists.
Sami took pictures with them.
Sami took pills.
Sami took poison.
Sami took public transportation.
Sami took regular college classes.
Sami took selfies on the rollercoaster.
Sami took shahad on his death bed.
Sami took shahada with me.
Sami took singing lessons.
Sami took six months of sign language.
Sami took six more pictures.
Sami took six pills.
Sami took sixty percent of the room.
Sami took sleeping pills every day.
Sami took sleeping pills.
Sami took some caffeine pills.
Sami took some classes.
Sami took some good pictures.
Sami took some more pictures.
Sami took some pills.
Sami took some shots.
Sami took some sleeping pills.
Sami took that as a compliment.
Sami took that as an order.
Sami took that flight and went home.
Sami took that from Layla.
Sami took that into account.
Sami took that opportunity to talk to Layla.
Sami took that seriously.
Sami took that too far.
Sami took that trip a year ago.
Sami took that with a grain of salt.
Sami took the CD's and left.
Sami took the appetizer to the wrong table.
Sami took the arms of the manikin off.
Sami took the baby and left.
Sami took the baby and went.
Sami took the baby from Layla.
Sami took the baby off the bed.
Sami took the baby.
Sami took the bad spirits out of Layla's body.
Sami took the bait.
Sami took the bike and biked away.
Sami took the bike back into the shop.
Sami took the blame for Layla's disappearance.
Sami took the blame.
Sami took the boots off.
Sami took the bottle of champagne.
Sami took the box home.
Sami took the boxes to Layla.
Sami took the bracelet out of the box and gave it to Layla.
Sami took the breakup so hard.
Sami took the bus to the bank.
Sami took the bus.
Sami took the cakes back to the freezer.
Sami took the car to a dealership to get it checked.
Sami took the check and walked away.
Sami took the check back to the cash register.
Sami took the children to his mom's house.
Sami took the diamond ring with him.
Sami took the dog and left.
Sami took the dog inside.
Sami took the dog to the animal shelter.
Sami took the early bus to get on time.
Sami took the elevator.
Sami took the files back to the office.
Sami took the first step towards Layla.
Sami took the flowers to the living room.
Sami took the food out.
Sami took the girls to Disney World.
Sami took the groceries out of the trunk.
Sami took the gun in his right hand.
Sami took the gun out of the suitcase.
Sami took the gun to the police station.
Sami took the joke as far as he could.
Sami took the kids to lunch.
Sami took the kids.
Sami took the law into his own hands.
Sami took the life of an innocent man.
Sami took the life of an innocent young man.
Sami took the lives of those he once loved.
Sami took the long way to the bridge.
Sami took the lost do to an animal shelter.
Sami took the money and left.
Sami took the money to the bank.
Sami took the money.
Sami took the news well.
Sami took the night off.
Sami took the order from that table.
Sami took the phone call.
Sami took the photo off his website.
Sami took the photos.
Sami took the picture at night.
Sami took the picture in the gym.
Sami took the pills.
Sami took the prostitute back to his home.
Sami took the public bus.
Sami took the remote control and used it to scratch his back.
Sami took the sample to another laboratory to double-check it.
Sami took the shahada in Cairo.
Sami took the shahada in the mosque.
Sami took the shahada in the privacy of his own room.
Sami took the shahada.
Sami took the stand and testified.
Sami took the stand.
Sami took the subway.
Sami took the taser.
Sami took the test Friday.
Sami took the time to help Layla.
Sami took the tip money off the table.
Sami took the trash out.
Sami took the vacuum cleaner to the basement.
Sami took the vacuum cleaner.
Sami took the whole check.
Sami took the witness stand.
Sami took these pictures for me.
Sami took things so seriously.
Sami took this from Walmart.
Sami took this too far.
Sami took those glasses off.
Sami took those pictures down.
Sami took three months of classical Arabic.
Sami took to his new Hollywood lifestyle.
Sami took two hits of acid.
Sami took two of his dogs out for a walk.
Sami took up drinking as an escape.
Sami took us through everything that happened.
Sami took us to a little room.
Sami took us to see that tree.
Sami took us to the dining area of the restaurant.
Sami took us to the scene of one of those fires.
Sami took weight-loss hormones.
Sami took what I told him to heart.
Sami torched the whole building.
Sami tore Layla's ego down.
Sami tore the checkbook in half.
Sami tore the letter into pieces.
Sami tortured cats.
Sami tortured the prostitute to death.
Sami tossed a piece of paper on Layla's desk.
Sami tossed the ball.
Sami tossed the cigarette to the ground.
Sami tossed the food down the garbage disposal.
Sami tossed the screwdriver in the garbage can.
Sami totalled Layal's Ford Focus.
Sami totalled Layla's car.
Sami totalled his dad's car.
Sami totalled his dad's pick-up truck.
Sami totalled his father's car.
Sami totalled the car.
Sami totally forgot about that girl.
Sami totally respects women.
Sami totally understands Layla.
Sami totally understands this.
Sami totally understood that.
Sami touched Layla in front of her friends.
Sami touched Layla in her private areas.
Sami touched Layla's ass.
Sami touched Layla's daughter inappropriately.
Sami touched Layla's hair.
Sami touched Layla's hand gently.
Sami touched Layla's hand.
Sami touched Layla's leg.
Sami touched Layla's lower back.
Sami touched Layla's shoulder.
Sami touched Layla's sister in her sleep.
Sami touched Layla's stomach and could feel the baby kicking.
Sami touched a sixth-grader inappropriately.
Sami touched his nose.
Sami touched me.
Sami touched on his female employees.
Sami touched some part of my body every time he talked to me and I hated this.
Sami touched that button.
Sami touched that girl's ass.
Sami touched the gun.
Sami touched the knife to check if it was sharp enough.
Sami touched the sixth-grader inappropriately.
Sami trademarked his logo.
Sami tragically died in 2006.
Sami trained Layla to steal.
Sami trained Layla's poneys.
Sami trained Layla.
Sami trained cadaver dogs.
Sami trained his gang members for violence.
Sami trained his voice to do that accent.
Sami trained his voice to do that.
Sami trained me.
Sami trained the new receptionist.
Sami transferred a big chunk of Layla's cash into his personal account.
Sami transferred his equipment from his old place to his new place.
Sami transferred his problems to Layla.
Sami transferred money from offshore account.
Sami transferred over that school.
Sami transferred over to his new high school.
Sami transferred over to that school in the middle of the year.
Sami transferred over to that school.
Sami transferred the call to his boss.
Sami transformed his garage into an office.
Sami translated the Quran from Arabic into English.
Sami transported his furniture to Cairo.
Sami trapped Layla.
Sami trashed Layla's apartment.
Sami traveled a lot.
Sami traveled all the way from Cairo just to see Layla.
Sami traveled all the way just to see Layla.
Sami traveled all the way to see Layla.
Sami traveled alone.
Sami traveled around the world.
Sami traveled first class.
Sami traveled for work.
Sami traveled from state to state.
Sami traveled on Egyptian documents.
Sami traveled the world.
Sami traveled to Cairo to tell his story on a TV talk show.
Sami traveled with his dog.
Sami traveled with his family.
Sami travels on his own jet.
Sami treated Layla differently.
Sami treated Layla like a dog.
Sami treated Layla like a princess.
Sami treated Layla like a slave.
Sami treated Layla like shit but she deserved it.
Sami treated Layla like shit.
Sami treated Layla nice.
Sami treated Layla so well.
Sami treated Layla's children like dogs.
Sami treated his daughters to a fancy steak dinner.
Sami treated his girlfriend so well.
Sami treated me so different.
Sami treats Layla like a friend.
Sami treats Layla like shit.
Sami treats Layla the way she deserves to be treated.
Sami treats everybody the same.
Sami treats his YouTube channel like a diary.
Sami treats his dogs horribly.
Sami treats his girlfriend well.
Sami treats people the way he would want them to treat him.
Sami tricked Layla.
Sami tried LSD once.
Sami tried Layla's juice.
Sami tried Layla's lemonade.
Sami tried a few samples, but he didn't buy.
Sami tried acid.
Sami tried as best he could to avoid that.
Sami tried calling Layla again.
Sami tried calling Layla's mom.
Sami tried calling his manager but he was not responding.
Sami tried every product under the sun.
Sami tried everything to fix that.
Sami tried everything.
Sami tried his best to be helpful.
Sami tried his best to be perfectly silent.
Sami tried his best to be professional.
Sami tried his best.
Sami tried his hand at a new game.
Sami tried his hand at writing.
Sami tried his hardest.
Sami tried his luck one more time.
Sami tried many paths before he decided to serve God.
Sami tried not to be judgy.
Sami tried not to freak out.
Sami tried one key after another.
Sami tried one of Layla's cookies.
Sami tried one of the cookies.
Sami tried so hard to keep himself together.
Sami tried some easy magic tricks.
Sami tried talking to Layla.
Sami tried that.
Sami tried the clothes on.
Sami tried the hat on.
Sami tried this.
Sami tried to add Layla on Facebook.
Sami tried to answer the question.
Sami tried to apply for a job.
Sami tried to avoid life in prison.
Sami tried to be Layla's friend.
Sami tried to be a good friend to Layla.
Sami tried to be strong.
Sami tried to befriend Layla.
Sami tried to blame Layla.
Sami tried to blame the murder on someone else.
Sami tried to blend in with the clique.
Sami tried to bother Layla.
Sami tried to brainwash Layla into being a completely different person.
Sami tried to break up the fight between Farid and Salim.
Sami tried to break up with Layla.
Sami tried to bring Layla back from the brink, but there was little he could do.
Sami tried to bring Layla back to life.
Sami tried to burn Layla's body.
Sami tried to bury Layla alive.
Sami tried to buy Layla's silence.
Sami tried to call Layla on the intercom.
Sami tried to call Layla.
Sami tried to call that number back but it didn't work.
Sami tried to call the hospital that Layla was in.
Sami tried to calm Layla down.
Sami tried to calm Layla.
Sami tried to calm the baby down.
Sami tried to carry on with his life.
Sami tried to cash the check.
Sami tried to charm the jurors.
Sami tried to chase after Layla and talked to her.
Sami tried to clean the blood stains with detergent found in Layla's apartment.
Sami tried to clean up the crime scene.
Sami tried to close the door.
Sami tried to close the freezer door on Layla.
Sami tried to come up really nice.
Sami tried to comfort Layla.
Sami tried to commit suicide with a bottle of pills.
Sami tried to commit suicide.
Sami tried to confuse Layla.
Sami tried to console Layla.
Sami tried to contact Layla.
Sami tried to convert Layla to Islam.
Sami tried to convince Layla to move.
Sami tried to convince Layla to run away with him to Cairo.
Sami tried to cut his hair.
Sami tried to cut his own throat.
Sami tried to defuse the situation.
Sami tried to describe what happened.
Sami tried to dissolve Layla's body using some chemicals.
Sami tried to distract the snake.
Sami tried to divert suspicion.
Sami tried to do everything possible to try to save Layla's life.
Sami tried to do everything to make Layla happy.
Sami tried to do something.
Sami tried to drown Layla.
Sami tried to drown himself in a pool.
Sami tried to electrocute Layla.
Sami tried to embarrass Layla in front of the whole class.
Sami tried to escape but he was caught immediately.
Sami tried to escape from justice.
Sami tried to escape from prison.
Sami tried to escape from the court.
Sami tried to escape from the psychiatric hospital.
Sami tried to escape.
Sami tried to explain that to everyone.
Sami tried to explain that to his children.
Sami tried to explain that.
Sami tried to explain this.
Sami tried to explain to his parents why he converted to Islam.
Sami tried to explained what had happened but it was tough for him.
Sami tried to fake a robbery.
Sami tried to fight me multiple times.
Sami tried to fight me.
Sami tried to fight with me about that.
Sami tried to file charges against Layla.
Sami tried to fill that emptiness with alcohol.
Sami tried to fire Layla.
Sami tried to fix the garbage disposal himself.
Sami tried to follow Layla home.
Sami tried to fool Layla.
Sami tried to form a friendship with Layla.
Sami tried to get Layla to confess to him.
Sami tried to get Layla up off the ground.
Sami tried to get another job.
Sami tried to get away from Layla.
Sami tried to get away with murder.
Sami tried to get hold of his brother.
Sami tried to get into the store but the door was locked.
Sami tried to get me in trouble.
Sami tried to get some more alcohol.
Sami tried to give Layla CPR.
Sami tried to give Layla some water.
Sami tried to go home.
Sami tried to go through Layla's phone.
Sami tried to handle that on his own.
Sami tried to help Layla but he couldn't.
Sami tried to help Layla through her psychiatric problems.
Sami tried to help Layla.
Sami tried to help us.
Sami tried to help.
Sami tried to hide his addiction from Layla.
Sami tried to hook up with Layla immediately after he met her.
Sami tried to hug Layla but she pushed him away.
Sami tried to hurt Layla.
Sami tried to impress Layla.
Sami tried to jump a girl in school.
Sami tried to keep Layla awake.
Sami tried to keep his circle of friends very small.
Sami tried to keep his composure.
Sami tried to kidnap Layla.
Sami tried to kidnap a mentally challenged woman.
Sami tried to kill Layla and her daughter.
Sami tried to kill Layla with a mallet.
Sami tried to kill Layla.
Sami tried to kill her.
Sami tried to kill himself with arsenic.
Sami tried to kill himself.
Sami tried to kill his father.
Sami tried to kill his own child.
Sami tried to kill his own daughter.
Sami tried to kill me.
Sami tried to kiss me.
Sami tried to lead Farid off the property.
Sami tried to lead two lives.
Sami tried to leave Layla.
Sami tried to leave the house.
Sami tried to leave without paying.
Sami tried to lift Layla's body but he couldn't.
Sami tried to lift Layla's body, but he couldn't.
Sami tried to look at Layla.
Sami tried to lure Layla into a corner.
Sami tried to lure Layla out of hiding.
Sami tried to make Layla change her mind.
Sami tried to make Layla feel better.
Sami tried to make a little bit extra money.
Sami tried to make a picture perfect-life for himself and his family.
Sami tried to make excuses.
Sami tried to make it seem terrible.
Sami tried to make out with Layla.
Sami tried to make out with that girl.
Sami tried to make plans with Layla.
Sami tried to make the bouquet look nice.
Sami tried to make the police's work easy.
Sami tried to make up with Layla.
Sami tried to move in with Layla.
Sami tried to move to a different department.
Sami tried to open the airplane door.
Sami tried to outsmart the guards.
Sami tried to penetrate Layla but she didn't let him.
Sami tried to pick Layla up off the floor.
Sami tried to poison Layla with a mixture of sleeping pills and pesticides.
Sami tried to poison Layla's dog.
Sami tried to poison his own daughter.
Sami tried to protect himself.
Sami tried to protect his daughter.
Sami tried to pull Layla's hijab off her head.
Sami tried to push my hand away.
Sami tried to put his arm around Layla.
Sami tried to put those things behind his life.
Sami tried to quit smoking weed.
Sami tried to rape Layla.
Sami tried to reach out to Layla again.
Sami tried to read as much as he possibly could.
Sami tried to reason with the robbers.
Sami tried to remain calm.
Sami tried to remember as best as he could.
Sami tried to repent his sins.
Sami tried to resist the desire.
Sami tried to retrieve the call Layla had made.
Sami tried to revive Layla.
Sami tried to rob a bank.
Sami tried to ruin Layla's marriage.
Sami tried to ruin Layla's party.
Sami tried to run.
Sami tried to sabotage Layla's modeling career.
Sami tried to salvage his job.
Sami tried to salvage his marriage.
Sami tried to save Layla.
Sami tried to save his marriage.
Sami tried to scare the cougar away.
Sami tried to see the good in everyone.
Sami tried to sell her car.
Sami tried to sell his car.
Sami tried to separate Farid and Layla.
Sami tried to sexually assault Layla.
Sami tried to shake Layla but she didn't wake up.
Sami tried to shoot Layla.
Sami tried to shut the door.
Sami tried to sleep in Layla's bed.
Sami tried to slice Layla's throat from ear to ear.
Sami tried to sneak into Layla's house.
Sami tried to snitch on me.
Sami tried to socialize a little bit.
Sami tried to stand up but he just kept falling over.
Sami tried to start the car.
Sami tried to stay in Cairo and get a job.
Sami tried to stay out of it.
Sami tried to stay up until his mother came home.
Sami tried to steal Farid's girlfriend.
Sami tried to steal Layla's car.
Sami tried to steal Layla's iPod.
Sami tried to steal Layla's new shoes.
Sami tried to steal Layla's purse.
Sami tried to steal Layla's shoes.
Sami tried to steal a car from the dealership parking lot.
Sami tried to steal from Walmart.
Sami tried to steal some shit.
Sami tried to stop Layla.
Sami tried to stop smoking weed.
Sami tried to strangle Layla with her pantyhose.
Sami tried to strike a deal.
Sami tried to take a nap.
Sami tried to take advantage of Layla.
Sami tried to take everything.
Sami tried to take over the role of caretaker for the property.
Sami tried to talk Layla out of it.
Sami tried to talk but he couldn't.
Sami tried to talk to Layla.
Sami tried to talk to his manager.
Sami tried to talk to that girl.
Sami tried to telephone Layla's apartment.
Sami tried to touch Layla up.
Sami tried to touch my private parts.
Sami tried to trap Layla in the basest manner.
Sami tried to understand why Layla felt that way.
Sami tried to wake Layla up.
Sami tried to walk, but he couldn't.
Sami tried to warn Layla.
Sami tried to watch a movie but he was just so bored.
Sami tried to wave his arm.
Sami tried to work this problem out.
Sami tries not to criticize Layla so much.
Sami tries to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
Sami tripped at the bottom of the stairs.
Sami tripped over his cat.
Sami truly believed that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami truly kept his friends close and his enemies closer.
Sami truly loved making videos.
Sami trusted Layla a hundred percent.
Sami trusted Layla absolutely.
Sami trusted Layla and why wouldn't he.
Sami trusted Layla completely.
Sami trusted Layla so much.
Sami trusted Layla to do the right thing.
Sami trusted Layla with everything.
Sami trusted Layla.
Sami trusted Layla. Why wouldn't he?
Sami trusted his mom.
Sami trusted his wife.
Sami trusted so many wrong people.
Sami trusts Layla and she trusts him.
Sami trusts Layla completely.
Sami trusts Layla, too.
Sami trusts Layla.
Sami trying to kill himself? It's just nonsense.
Sami turn off the light.
Sami turned Layla down.
Sami turned Layla in.
Sami turned Layla's body over and found a huge gaping wound in her chest.
Sami turned Layla's story into a stage production.
Sami turned all of Layla's friends against her.
Sami turned around and Layla punched him in his face.
Sami turned around and asked Layla why she was following him.
Sami turned around and it was Layla again.
Sami turned around and made eye contact with Layla.
Sami turned around and saw Layla.
Sami turned around and saw a ghost behind him.
Sami turned around and saw a man with a dog.
Sami turned around and saw his mom.
Sami turned around super fast.
Sami turned around the street.
Sami turned around to close the door.
Sami turned around to look behind him.
Sami turned around to look over his shoulder.
Sami turned around.
Sami turned back around.
Sami turned back towards Layla.
Sami turned down our request for an interview.
Sami turned down the volume.
Sami turned eighteen and moved out.
Sami turned evidence on Layla.
Sami turned from Dexter to a Johnny Bravo.
Sami turned himself in.
Sami turned himself into the victim.
Sami turned his attention to Layla.
Sami turned his back on God.
Sami turned his back on the Lord.
Sami turned his car back off.
Sami turned his car on.
Sami turned his desk around.
Sami turned his hate on the innocent.
Sami turned his life around when he married Layla.
Sami turned his phone back on.
Sami turned his phone off.
Sami turned his violence on his dog.
Sami turned his wrath on his stepkids.
Sami turned into a Johnny Bravo.
Sami turned into a different person.
Sami turned into a victim.
Sami turned off all the lights.
Sami turned off every light in the building.
Sami turned off his TV.
Sami turned off his camera.
Sami turned off his phone.
Sami turned off the TV and ran to bed.
Sami turned off the air conditioner.
Sami turned off the camera.
Sami turned off the lights.
Sami turned off the microphone.
Sami turned off the wifi.
Sami turned on Layla as the mastermind of this crime.
Sami turned on Layla for a reward.
Sami turned on every single light.
Sami turned on everything.
Sami turned on his headlights.
Sami turned on the TV.
Sami turned on the air conditioner to suck the smell outside.
Sami turned on the air conditioner.
Sami turned on the camera again.
Sami turned on the camera to film that.
Sami turned on the light in Layla's room.
Sami turned on the light.
Sami turned on the lights in the living room.
Sami turned on the lights.
Sami turned on the radio.
Sami turned on the television.
Sami turned over and looked at Layla.
Sami turned red in the face.
Sami turned red.
Sami turned sixteen in 2006.
Sami turned sixteen that same year.
Sami turned sixteen when he was dating Layla.
Sami turned sixteen.
Sami turned the AC on.
Sami turned the TV off.
Sami turned the TV on.
Sami turned the air conditioner on.
Sami turned the fire alarm off.
Sami turned the gun on himself.
Sami turned the light off.
Sami turned the light on.
Sami turned the lights of the living room.
Sami turned the lights off.
Sami turned the music up.
Sami turned the opposite way.
Sami turned the tables.
Sami turned to God.
Sami turned to Layla for comfort.
Sami turned to alcohol and narcotics to stop the pain.
Sami turned to his best friend for help.
Sami turned to leave.
Sami turned to the bottle to ease his pain.
Sami turned towards Layla.
Sami turned towards his closet and saw a black mass moving.
Sami tutored Layla's kids.
Sami tweeted Layla when this happened.
Sami tweeted Layla.
Sami tweeted about it.
Sami tweeted about that.
Sami tweeted about this.
Sami tweeted it.
Sami tweeted where he worked.
Sami twisted Layla's arm.
Sami twisted Layla's hair.
Sami typed a suicide note.
Sami typed out the document himself.
Sami typed something.
Sami typed the first sentence of Layla's article and found it online.
Sami unbuttoned a few buttons of his shirt.
Sami unbuttoned his pants.
Sami unclogged the toilet.
Sami understands Layla's concerns.
Sami understands Layla.
Sami understands better now.
Sami understands everything.
Sami understands that.
Sami understands the hard work it takes to build a successful career.
Sami understands what he has to do.
Sami understands what's actually going on.
Sami understood Layla all too well.
Sami understood Layla's motives for doing this.
Sami understood it.
Sami understood that.
Sami understood what Layla was trying to say.
Sami understood what attracted Layla to Farid.
Sami understood what motivated Layla to do that.
Sami understood.
Sami underwent a heart procedure.
Sami underwent a minor heart procedure.
Sami underwent a psychiatric evaluation.
Sami underwent three separate psychiatric evaluations.
Sami underwent years of therapy.
Sami undid his seatbelt.
Sami undressed Layla's body.
Sami unexpectedly quit his band.
Sami unfollowed Layla on Facebook.
Sami unfollowed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami unfortunately lives here.
Sami unfriended Layla on Facebook.
Sami unfriended Layla.
Sami unfriended me on Facebook.
Sami unfurled the banner.
Sami unholstered his pistol.
Sami unleashed his emotions.
Sami unloaded his tools.
Sami unlocked Layla's door.
Sami unlocked the back door and left it open.
Sami unlocked the door and came out.
Sami unlocked the door.
Sami unlocked the doors.
Sami unlocked the freezer.
Sami unwillingly unmasked himself.
Sami uploaded Layla's photos to his personal website.
Sami uploaded a new video.
Sami uploaded a picture of Layla.
Sami uploaded a video.
Sami uploaded new videos.
Sami uploaded six new videos last week.
Sami uploaded the photos.
Sami uploaded the pictures yesterday.
Sami uploaded the video on YouTube.
Sami uploaded the video six hours ago.
Sami uploaded the video yesterday.
Sami uploaded this video.
Sami uploads a new video every single Saturday.
Sami uploads new videos all the time.
Sami uploads new videos every day.
Sami uploads videos every day.
Sami upset his family.
Sami upset his sister.
Sami urged Layla to do the same.
Sami urinated.
Sami used "poop" which is another word for "shit."
Sami used Facebook all the time.
Sami used Layla as a drug mule.
Sami used Layla in almost every movie he made.
Sami used Layla's bathroom.
Sami used Layla's body for some dark ritual.
Sami used Layla's card without her permission.
Sami used Layla's credit card.
Sami used Layla's debit card.
Sami used Layla's hose.
Sami used Layla's logo in his video.
Sami used Layla's money to buy a home.
Sami used Layla's phone.
Sami used Layla's picture of his fake profile on Facebook.
Sami used Layla's sink.
Sami used a baseball bat in that attack.
Sami used a cord to strangle Layla.
Sami used a fake name.
Sami used a flashlight to navigate in the attic.
Sami used a forceps to pick the ant up from its thorax.
Sami used a girl's name.
Sami used a horse rope to strangle Layla.
Sami used a ligature to strangle Layla.
Sami used a paper clip to unlock his handcuffs.
Sami used a payphone.
Sami used a pillow to muffle the sound of his gun.
Sami used a pillow to smother Layla.
Sami used a powerful sedative to drug Layla.
Sami used a slang word for cocaine.
Sami used a translator.
Sami used all of his money on that plane ticket.
Sami used all of the shampoo bottle.
Sami used all the toilet paper.
Sami used an online translator.
Sami used an undetectable poison to kill Layla.
Sami used antifreeze for murder.
Sami used drugs and was violent.
Sami used drugs.
Sami used ecstasy.
Sami used enough heroin to kill three horses.
Sami used excessive force to defend himself.
Sami used flashcards to learn Arabic words.
Sami used gasoline to burn Layla's body.
Sami used his bare hands to murder Layla.
Sami used his bare hands to strangle his wife.
Sami used his key.
Sami used his mom's bathroom.
Sami used his own truck to transport his furniture.
Sami used his privileges as an officer of the law to track women he wanted to date.
Sami used many abuse techniques.
Sami used painkillers.
Sami used profanities.
Sami used some chemicals to get Layla's body to decompose quicker.
Sami used some kind of hatchet to kill Layla.
Sami used steroids.
Sami used that name.
Sami used the N-word in a derogatory manner.
Sami used the N-word in his video.
Sami used the N-word in public.
Sami used the N-word.
Sami used the app.
Sami used the bathroom.
Sami used the computer upstairs.
Sami used the microwave to make some macaroni.
Sami used the office bathroom.
Sami used the other bedroom.
Sami used the story as an excuse to hike up his rent.
Sami used the toilet every single day.
Sami used this app to edit pictures.
Sami used this phrase a lot.
Sami used those needles for doing drugs.
Sami used those syringes for doing drugs.
Sami used three different textbooks to learn Arabic.
Sami used to ask himself the same question.
Sami used to ask very rude questions to trans people.
Sami used to bathe his parrot.
Sami used to be a boyscout.
Sami used to be a piercer.
Sami used to be a teacher.
Sami used to be addicted to diet coke.
Sami used to be bullied.
Sami used to be like the eyes of Layla's eyes.
Sami used to be naive.
Sami used to be the life of the party.
Sami used to beat me.
Sami used to beg for money on the street.
Sami used to bully everybody at our school.
Sami used to butt heads with Layla.
Sami used to call Layla late at night.
Sami used to call Layla's job all the time.
Sami used to call people to Christianity.
Sami used to call people to Islam.
Sami used to come over.
Sami used to cut himself.
Sami used to date Layla.
Sami used to date that other girl.
Sami used to do really nasty things.
Sami used to do that all the time.
Sami used to do that when he was in college.
Sami used to do that, didn't he?
Sami used to do that.
Sami used to do this.
Sami used to drink lemonade.
Sami used to drink soda.
Sami used to eat a lot of fast food.
Sami used to eat ice cream every single night.
Sami used to get severe headache.
Sami used to go around there all the time.
Sami used to go running every morning.
Sami used to go to Layla's house.
Sami used to go to the grocery store every single night.
Sami used to hang out with Layla and her friends.
Sami used to hang out with Layla.
Sami used to hate that.
Sami used to have a very bad picture about Islam and Muslims.
Sami used to hear sounds coming from the ceiling of his room.
Sami used to hurt himself.
Sami used to joke with all his friends.
Sami used to judge people so hard.
Sami used to like vodka.
Sami used to live in Cairo.
Sami used to live in a military town.
Sami used to live in a one-hundred year old house.
Sami used to live in that neighborhood.
Sami used to live next door to us.
Sami used to make Layla's lunch.
Sami used to make pretty good money.
Sami used to make us tamales.
Sami used to pass out all the time.
Sami used to pay Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami used to pick on me.
Sami used to punch Layla even when she was several months pregnant.
Sami used to read the Quran.
Sami used to ride my bus to school.
Sami used to ride the bus.
Sami used to run off with his mom's phone.
Sami used to say this quote.
Sami used to sell Layla drugs.
Sami used to sell Layla weed.
Sami used to sit in that chair.
Sami used to smoke cocaine all the time.
Sami used to smoke weed.
Sami used to stay there.
Sami used to steal.
Sami used to support me.
Sami used to talk to a lot of different people.
Sami used to talk to me about this type of thing.
Sami used to tell Layla that she needed to be an actress.
Sami used to tell his crazy stories to Layla.
Sami used to text Layla emojis.
Sami used to think like that.
Sami used to travel a lot.
Sami used to wait tables for six years.
Sami used to wear a cap all the time.
Sami used to wear glasses all the time.
Sami used to work at Walmart.
Sami used to work at a nightclub.
Sami used to work at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami used to work at that restaurant.
Sami used to work at the restaurant.
Sami used to work for the previous owner of this house.
Sami used to work in customer service.
Sami used to work nights.
Sami used unusual forms of punishment.
Sami used up all the film.
Sami used violence on a number of occasions.
Sami uses YouTube.
Sami uses a lot of slang words.
Sami uses a slang word for cocaine.
Sami uses hard drugs like meth.
Sami uses his car every single day to get to work.
Sami uses his mother's Facebook account.
Sami uses his own toilet.
Sami uses that term very loosely.
Sami uses the English language effectively.
Sami uses the N-word.
Sami uses this pot for cooking.
Sami uses this to get his blood pressure.
Sami ushered us back to that room.
Sami ushered us out.
Sami usually asks Layla for help.
Sami usually does this.
Sami usually gets drunk.
Sami usually performs prayers in congregation.
Sami usually performs the isha prayer just before going to bed.
Sami usually shows up at noon.
Sami usually sits there.
Sami usually smokes weed.
Sami usually spends a lot of time in the bathroom.
Sami usually wears this.
Sami usually works from nine to five.
Sami valued money more than lives.
Sami vandalized Layla's car.
Sami vandalized Layla's desk.
Sami vandalized Layla's property.
Sami vanished from his apartment.
Sami vanished only to resurface a few days later with an attorney at his side.
Sami vanished somewhere in Egypt, taking the children with him.
Sami vanished soon after.
Sami vanished.
Sami vehemently denied everything.
Sami verified what Layla told him.
Sami viciously raped Layla.
Sami viewed Farid as his leader.
Sami views himself as better than anybody else.
Sami violated Layla's trust by looking into her Facebook account.
Sami violated a restraining order.
Sami violated his parole.
Sami violated his son.
Sami violated the restraining order.
Sami violated the terms of his parole again.
Sami violated the terms of his release.
Sami violated the terms of the service agreement.
Sami visited Al-Masjid an-Nabawi.
Sami visited Buckingham Palace.
Sami visited Central Park.
Sami visited Istanbul during the Eid holiday.
Sami visited Layla again.
Sami visited Layla at her dance studio.
Sami visited Layla at the county jail.
Sami visited Layla for a few weeks.
Sami visited Layla in her library.
Sami visited Layla in jail twice a week.
Sami visited Layla's daycare.
Sami visited Layla.
Sami visited a brothel.
Sami visited a counselor.
Sami visited a haunted house.
Sami visited a mosque.
Sami visited a psychiatrist at a veterans' hospital.
Sami visited a shopping center.
Sami visited an adoption agency.
Sami visited fetish websites.
Sami visited his daughter every other weekend.
Sami visited his granny.
Sami visited his mother.
Sami visited his store to check on security.
Sami visited his wife for a few weeks.
Sami visited many Muslim countries.
Sami visited many countries in the region.
Sami visited many different mosques.
Sami visited many mosques in Egypt.
Sami visited porn websites to cope with his sexual urges.
Sami visited pornographic websites.
Sami visited the Bakir family.
Sami visited the Dome of the Rock.
Sami visited the Prophet's Mosque.
Sami visited the Prophet's mosque in Medina, Saudi Arabia.
Sami visited the aviary.
Sami visited the book fair.
Sami visited the cemetery.
Sami visited the hospital.
Sami visited the local Islamic center.
Sami visited the pastor.
Sami vividly remembers everything Layla was wearing.
Sami vlogged every single night.
Sami voluntarily came to the station for an interview.
Sami volunteered samples for the police.
Sami volunteered to do that.
Sami volunteered to drive us home.
Sami vomited on the floor.
Sami vomited on the rollercoaster.
Sami voted against Layla.
Sami voted for Layla.
Sami vowed revenge.
Sami vowed to fight for Layla.
Sami vowed to never contact his family again.
Sami waited anxiously at the police station.
Sami waited at a nearby hotel.
Sami waited for Layla in her apartment.
Sami waited for Layla in the clinic.
Sami waited for Layla in the lobby.
Sami waited for Layla to get there.
Sami waited for Layla to leave the room.
Sami waited for Layla to speak but she didn't say anything.
Sami waited for Layla to wake up.
Sami waited for Layla while she was washing her hair.
Sami waited for Layla's call.
Sami waited for Layla's sister.
Sami waited for Layla.
Sami waited for a few minutes.
Sami waited for about twenty minutes.
Sami waited for five or six minutes.
Sami waited for his mom to come home.
Sami waited for like fifteen minutes.
Sami waited for like thirty minutes.
Sami waited for six days.
Sami waited for six weeks.
Sami waited for the police to contact him.
Sami waited for the right moment.
Sami waited for years.
Sami waited for you all afternoon.
Sami waited in a line of probably fifty to sixty people.
Sami waited in silence.
Sami waited in the car.
Sami waited in the parking lot.
Sami waited in the van for what seemed to be an eternity.
Sami waited maybe like a week or two before he moved out.
Sami waited out there.
Sami waited outside the door.
Sami waited outside, in the car.
Sami waited outside.
Sami waited six more months.
Sami waited six weeks.
Sami waited there for over an hour.
Sami waited there.
Sami waited to be called.
Sami waited until Layla got back.
Sami waited until Layla left.
Sami waited until his dog died.
Sami waited until the next day in the afternoon to text Layla.
Sami waited until the next day.
Sami waited until the prices dropped down.
Sami waited up all night.
Sami waited.
Sami waked Layla up and kissed her goodbye.
Sami walked Layla away from the door.
Sami walked Layla back to her car.
Sami walked Layla back to the theater.
Sami walked Layla out of the store.
Sami walked Layla out.
Sami walked Layla to her car.
Sami walked Layla to the back of the room to introduce her to Salima.
Sami walked Layla to the bathroom.
Sami walked Layla to the bus stop.
Sami walked Layla to the car.
Sami walked Layla up the stairs.
Sami walked across that field.
Sami walked around like he owned the place.
Sami walked around the Kaaba seven times.
Sami walked around the living room.
Sami walked at night to avoid German sentries.
Sami walked away and went about his night.
Sami walked away from God.
Sami walked away from his locker.
Sami walked away from the check-out line.
Sami walked away from the fight.
Sami walked away from the situation.
Sami walked away with Layla.
Sami walked away, happy as hell.
Sami walked away.
Sami walked back across the hallway.
Sami walked back home.
Sami walked back into the supermarket.
Sami walked back out.
Sami walked back to his little brother.
Sami walked back to his vehicle.
Sami walked back to that room.
Sami walked back to the house.
Sami walked back to the main street.
Sami walked back to the school.
Sami walked back to the sink.
Sami walked back towards the store.
Sami walked back with his friends.
Sami walked behind me.
Sami walked by Layla and called her "bitch."
Sami walked by Layla and said nothing.
Sami walked by me.
Sami walked by the bathroom and didn't hear anything.
Sami walked by us.
Sami walked closer to the cash register.
Sami walked downtown.
Sami walked free.
Sami walked from the mall to Layla's house.
Sami walked his ass around the counter and left the store.
Sami walked his daughter down the aisle.
Sami walked his dog all the time.
Sami walked his dog around the building.
Sami walked his dog in the whole house.
Sami walked his dog through that neighborhood.
Sami walked in five minutes after Layla walked in.
Sami walked in from his break.
Sami walked in on Layla and Farid.
Sami walked in the house.
Sami walked in there.
Sami walked in through the door.
Sami walked in with his girlfriend.
Sami walked in.
Sami walked inside.
Sami walked into Layla's bedroom.
Sami walked into Layla's office.
Sami walked into Layla's room.
Sami walked into his room.
Sami walked into that house.
Sami walked into that room.
Sami walked into the apartment building.
Sami walked into the arcade.
Sami walked into the bathroom.
Sami walked into the bitter cold.
Sami walked into the break room.
Sami walked into the closet.
Sami walked into the courtroom.
Sami walked into the hotel.
Sami walked into the house.
Sami walked into the kitchen by himself.
Sami walked into the lobby of the hotel.
Sami walked into the lunchroom all by himself.
Sami walked into the mosque.
Sami walked into the movie theater.
Sami walked into the nightclub.
Sami walked into the office.
Sami walked into the restaurant.
Sami walked into the store.
Sami walked me outside.
Sami walked next to Layla.
Sami walked next to me.
Sami walked on the roof.
Sami walked out of his building.
Sami walked out of nowhere and grabbed Layla by the neck.
Sami walked out of the bathroom stall.
Sami walked out of the bathroom.
Sami walked out of the bedroom.
Sami walked out of the classroom.
Sami walked out of the elevator alone.
Sami walked out of the kitchen.
Sami walked out of the store at six o'clock.
Sami walked out of the store.
Sami walked out of the train station.
Sami walked out onto the tarmac.
Sami walked out the door.
Sami walked out the front door.
Sami walked out.
Sami walked outside.
Sami walked over to Layla's desk and gave her a flower.
Sami walked over to Layla's desk.
Sami walked over to Layla's table.
Sami walked over to me and called me by my name.
Sami walked over to that girl and introduced himself.
Sami walked over to the bar.
Sami walked past Layla's table.
Sami walked past and didn't say anything.
Sami walked past that girl a couple of times.
Sami walked past the bathroom and didn't notice anything strange.
Sami walked past the reception.
Sami walked past us.
Sami walked really fast.
Sami walked right by Layla.
Sami walked that way so many times and never noticed that tree.
Sami walked the dog.
Sami walked the dogs.
Sami walked the kids out to their parents.
Sami walked the rest of the way.
Sami walked through that door.
Sami walked through the club's parking lot.
Sami walked through the door.
Sami walked through the front door.
Sami walked through the mud.
Sami walked to his car.
Sami walked to his house.
Sami walked to the bathroom.
Sami walked to the bus stop.
Sami walked to the grocery store.
Sami walked to the pool.
Sami walked to the window.
Sami walked towards the door.
Sami walked until six in the morning.
Sami walked up the stairs.
Sami walked up to Layla's table.
Sami walked up to her.
Sami walked up to me and started yelling at me.
Sami walked up to me and started yelling in my ear.
Sami walked up to my desk.
Sami walked up to the bad and snatched the blanket off.
Sami walked up to the bus stop.
Sami walked up to the casket.
Sami walked up to the counter.
Sami walked up to the receptionist.
Sami walked up to us and greeted us.
Sami walked us to the car.
Sami walked with a flashlight.
Sami walked with the kids.
Sami walked.
Sami walks his dog late at night.
Sami walks to school every morning.
Sami wand Layla walked to school together.
Sami wandered for six days.
Sami want to move out to Cairo in the next two years.
Sami wanted Farid to be his roommate for second year.
Sami wanted Layla about Farid.
Sami wanted Layla and Salima to be cool with him.
Sami wanted Layla but she didn't want him back.
Sami wanted Layla dead.
Sami wanted Layla home all the time.
Sami wanted Layla murdered.
Sami wanted Layla off the city council.
Sami wanted Layla on his team.
Sami wanted Layla out of his business.
Sami wanted Layla out of his life for good.
Sami wanted Layla out of his life.
Sami wanted Layla out of sight, out of mind.
Sami wanted Layla out of the picture.
Sami wanted Layla out.
Sami wanted Layla silenced.
Sami wanted Layla to always remember that.
Sami wanted Layla to answer some tough questions on her past.
Sami wanted Layla to be a doctor.
Sami wanted Layla to be happy.
Sami wanted Layla to be high like her.
Sami wanted Layla to be honest with him.
Sami wanted Layla to be in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami wanted Layla to be there from eight to six.
Sami wanted Layla to believe this.
Sami wanted Layla to cancel her will.
Sami wanted Layla to come home.
Sami wanted Layla to come to him.
Sami wanted Layla to come to his desk and help him.
Sami wanted Layla to come to his house.
Sami wanted Layla to come.
Sami wanted Layla to cooperate.
Sami wanted Layla to disappear from his life.
Sami wanted Layla to do that.
Sami wanted Layla to do this.
Sami wanted Layla to drive.
Sami wanted Layla to feel the pain that he had felt.
Sami wanted Layla to forgive him.
Sami wanted Layla to get an abortion.
Sami wanted Layla to get better.
Sami wanted Layla to get finish college and get her career started.
Sami wanted Layla to get the death penalty.
Sami wanted Layla to give him a chance to prove himself because he loved her.
Sami wanted Layla to give him a chance.
Sami wanted Layla to give him more money.
Sami wanted Layla to give him some head.
Sami wanted Layla to go back to Egypt.
Sami wanted Layla to go to hell.
Sami wanted Layla to go to the lobby.
Sami wanted Layla to go with him to a club.
Sami wanted Layla to go.
Sami wanted Layla to have kids with Farid.
Sami wanted Layla to hear him.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he knew.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he loved her.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he was thinking about her.
Sami wanted Layla to know that she was not alone.
Sami wanted Layla to know that she wasn't alone.
Sami wanted Layla to know that.
Sami wanted Layla to leave her marriage and for them to begin a new life.
Sami wanted Layla to leave him alone.
Sami wanted Layla to look a little bit more bitchy.
Sami wanted Layla to look at that light.
Sami wanted Layla to love him.
Sami wanted Layla to marry a man two decades older than she was.
Sami wanted Layla to marry him.
Sami wanted Layla to meet Farid.
Sami wanted Layla to meet his daughter.
Sami wanted Layla to meet the new manager.
Sami wanted Layla to move out.
Sami wanted Layla to pay half of the bill.
Sami wanted Layla to put her own job on the line for him.
Sami wanted Layla to see Salima.
Sami wanted Layla to shave her legs on camera.
Sami wanted Layla to shave her legs.
Sami wanted Layla to speak in a bitchy way.
Sami wanted Layla to stay away from Farid.
Sami wanted Layla to stay but Salima said no.
Sami wanted Layla to stay single for him.
Sami wanted Layla to stay.
Sami wanted Layla to stop controlling his life.
Sami wanted Layla to stop wearing the hijab.
Sami wanted Layla to suffer.
Sami wanted Layla to take better care of her hair.
Sami wanted Layla to take care of his dog.
Sami wanted Layla to take her hijab off.
Sami wanted Layla to take his picture.
Sami wanted Layla to take provocative pictures of herself.
Sami wanted Layla to tell the truth.
Sami wanted Layla to text him.
Sami wanted Layla to train Farid.
Sami wanted Layla to try on the dress and the shoes at the same time.
Sami wanted Layla to understand what was happening.
Sami wanted Layla under his control.
Sami wanted Layla's cookies.
Sami wanted Layla's dog to like him.
Sami wanted Layla's money.
Sami wanted Layla.
Sami wanted a Shiba Inu.
Sami wanted a beer.
Sami wanted a better life for himself.
Sami wanted a bite of my donut.
Sami wanted a car.
Sami wanted a clean startover.
Sami wanted a comfortable life.
Sami wanted a country house.
Sami wanted a different sexual experience.
Sami wanted a divorce.
Sami wanted a dog.
Sami wanted a family of his own.
Sami wanted a good time.
Sami wanted a job.
Sami wanted a logical explanation.
Sami wanted a lover, not a wife.
Sami wanted a male dog.
Sami wanted a medium-size dog.
Sami wanted a new computer.
Sami wanted a new laptop.
Sami wanted a new tattoo.
Sami wanted a nose job.
Sami wanted a person that he could talk to.
Sami wanted a real fight.
Sami wanted a real physical fight.
Sami wanted a serious relationship with Layla.
Sami wanted a snack.
Sami wanted a son that would carry his name.
Sami wanted a son to inherit his name and fortune.
Sami wanted a tasteless poison.
Sami wanted a tattoo on his ankle.
Sami wanted affection.
Sami wanted an attorney.
Sami wanted another marriage.
Sami wanted another round.
Sami wanted another shot of whisky.
Sami wanted attention.
Sami wanted children.
Sami wanted coffee.
Sami wanted custody of his kids on certain holidays.
Sami wanted dancers on stage.
Sami wanted every woman.
Sami wanted free drugs.
Sami wanted girls to pay attention to him.
Sami wanted help with video editing.
Sami wanted his daughter to be happy.
Sami wanted his daughter to live the American dream.
Sami wanted his daughter, Layla, and Salima's daughter, to meet.
Sami wanted his diamond ring back.
Sami wanted his fantasy to become real.
Sami wanted his furniture back.
Sami wanted his iPod back.
Sami wanted his kids to have a chance to grow up in a safe place.
Sami wanted his life back.
Sami wanted his money back.
Sami wanted his money.
Sami wanted his old life back.
Sami wanted his own room.
Sami wanted his steak well done.
Sami wanted his students to take notes.
Sami wanted his things back.
Sami wanted his true personality to show through in that video.
Sami wanted his wife killed.
Sami wanted his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami wanted homosexual sex.
Sami wanted ice cream.
Sami wanted it to be a surprise.
Sami wanted it to be done.
Sami wanted it.
Sami wanted justice.
Sami wanted me to pay half.
Sami wanted money first.
Sami wanted money for his weed.
Sami wanted more attention from Layla.
Sami wanted more attention.
Sami wanted more coffee.
Sami wanted more money.
Sami wanted more of those videos.
Sami wanted more people to know this.
Sami wanted more women in his life.
Sami wanted more.
Sami wanted nothing to do with Layla.
Sami wanted nothing to do with her.
Sami wanted out of the marriage.
Sami wanted people to know that.
Sami wanted people to like him for what he had more than for what he was.
Sami wanted prostitutes.
Sami wanted revenge on Layla.
Sami wanted revenge.
Sami wanted school to be his escape.
Sami wanted six bucks for it.
Sami wanted some acid.
Sami wanted some juice.
Sami wanted some money to buy weed.
Sami wanted some money.
Sami wanted some sort of action.
Sami wanted some water.
Sami wanted somebody to take care of him.
Sami wanted someone to watch over him.
Sami wanted something from Layla in return.
Sami wanted something in return.
Sami wanted something more.
Sami wanted soup.
Sami wanted stability.
Sami wanted that book.
Sami wanted that so bad.
Sami wanted that.
Sami wanted the best for Layla.
Sami wanted the money.
Sami wanted the murder to look like a robbery.
Sami wanted the rest of the money.
Sami wanted the work redone.
Sami wanted the world to see him that he was killing Layla.
Sami wanted them.
Sami wanted things to go his way.
Sami wanted this so bad.
Sami wanted this to work.
Sami wanted this.
Sami wanted to access Layla's money.
Sami wanted to act out his fantasies.
Sami wanted to affect people positively.
Sami wanted to alleviate the growing tension between his son and his second wife.
Sami wanted to apologize to Layla.
Sami wanted to apologize.
Sami wanted to arrange a marriage between his daughter and Farid's son.
Sami wanted to ask Layla something.
Sami wanted to ask me a question.
Sami wanted to attend the Friday prayer.
Sami wanted to audition.
Sami wanted to avoid a conflict with his mom.
Sami wanted to avoid a fight.
Sami wanted to avoid detection.
Sami wanted to avoid punishment.
Sami wanted to avoid the fight.
Sami wanted to be Farid's friend.
Sami wanted to be Layla's boyfriend.
Sami wanted to be Layla's friend.
Sami wanted to be a Buddhist monk.
Sami wanted to be a Crip member.
Sami wanted to be a Muslim.
Sami wanted to be a better person.
Sami wanted to be a dad.
Sami wanted to be a dancer.
Sami wanted to be a detective.
Sami wanted to be a father to Layla's baby.
Sami wanted to be a girl.
Sami wanted to be a good Muslim.
Sami wanted to be a good person.
Sami wanted to be a millionaire.
Sami wanted to be a part of a play.
Sami wanted to be a part of it.
Sami wanted to be a part of this.
Sami wanted to be a psychologist.
Sami wanted to be a singer.
Sami wanted to be a time traveler.
Sami wanted to be a tour guide.
Sami wanted to be a trainer.
Sami wanted to be a training coordinator.
Sami wanted to be a vehicle for social change.
Sami wanted to be a world-changer.
Sami wanted to be able to meditate like Layla did.
Sami wanted to be always in the center of attention.
Sami wanted to be an artist.
Sami wanted to be arrested.
Sami wanted to be avoided.
Sami wanted to be cool with Layla.
Sami wanted to be cremated.
Sami wanted to be embalmed.
Sami wanted to be focused on his career.
Sami wanted to be focused on school.
Sami wanted to be friends with Farid.
Sami wanted to be friends with Layla.
Sami wanted to be friends with us.
Sami wanted to be heard and seen.
Sami wanted to be his own boss.
Sami wanted to be home.
Sami wanted to be in a relationship with Layla.
Sami wanted to be in the church play.
Sami wanted to be independent.
Sami wanted to be intimate with Layla.
Sami wanted to be left alone.
Sami wanted to be left completely alone.
Sami wanted to be like Fadil.
Sami wanted to be liked.
Sami wanted to be loved by everybody.
Sami wanted to be more feminine.
Sami wanted to be moved to another room.
Sami wanted to be nice.
Sami wanted to be on the show.
Sami wanted to be polite.
Sami wanted to be realistic.
Sami wanted to be remembered for the person that he was.
Sami wanted to be romantic.
Sami wanted to be safe.
Sami wanted to be single and fuck around.
Sami wanted to be successful.
Sami wanted to be treated with kindness.
Sami wanted to be with Layla for the rest of his life.
Sami wanted to be with Layla.
Sami wanted to be with his people.
Sami wanted to beat Farid's ass.
Sami wanted to become Muslim.
Sami wanted to become a better person.
Sami wanted to become a deacon.
Sami wanted to become a millionaire.
Sami wanted to become a missionary to bring Muslims to Christianity.
Sami wanted to become a pediatrician.
Sami wanted to become a top writer.
Sami wanted to become famous.
Sami wanted to become rich.
Sami wanted to believe Layla.
Sami wanted to better his life.
Sami wanted to bleach his skin.
Sami wanted to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami wanted to break all ties with his friends.
Sami wanted to break off the affair.
Sami wanted to break up with Layla.
Sami wanted to bribe the judge.
Sami wanted to bring a Bible to the meeting.
Sami wanted to bring some change into his life.
Sami wanted to build a new life Layla could be part of.
Sami wanted to burn Layla's body.
Sami wanted to bury Layla in Cairo.
Sami wanted to buy Layla a drink.
Sami wanted to buy Layla a purse.
Sami wanted to buy Layla clothes.
Sami wanted to buy Layla's car.
Sami wanted to buy a car.
Sami wanted to buy a house after his honeymoon.
Sami wanted to buy a pomsky.
Sami wanted to buy a shot for Layla.
Sami wanted to buy a watch.
Sami wanted to buy crack.
Sami wanted to buy one.
Sami wanted to buy other ones.
Sami wanted to buy some more ingredients.
Sami wanted to buy some weed.
Sami wanted to buy something from Walmart.
Sami wanted to call his lawyer.
Sami wanted to call security.
Sami wanted to call the cops anonymously.
Sami wanted to call the police.
Sami wanted to catapult Layla to celebrity status.
Sami wanted to change Layla's immoral ways.
Sami wanted to change careers.
Sami wanted to change himself.
Sami wanted to change his life.
Sami wanted to change his name.
Sami wanted to change his password.
Sami wanted to change his religion.
Sami wanted to chase the liquor with some juice.
Sami wanted to chat with Layla.
Sami wanted to check on Layla.
Sami wanted to chill here for a minute.
Sami wanted to chill with Layla.
Sami wanted to chill with one of his friends.
Sami wanted to chill with somebody else.
Sami wanted to climb that mountain.
Sami wanted to close the clinic.
Sami wanted to close the door.
Sami wanted to come by and chill.
Sami wanted to come in.
Sami wanted to come.
Sami wanted to conceal the crime he had committed.
Sami wanted to confess.
Sami wanted to confront Layla about her dogs.
Sami wanted to confront Layla's ass.
Sami wanted to confront Layla.
Sami wanted to constantly have Layla's attention.
Sami wanted to continue his affair.
Sami wanted to continue the affair with Layla.
Sami wanted to control the situation.
Sami wanted to convert Layla to Islam.
Sami wanted to convert Layla to become a Christian.
Sami wanted to convert to Islam.
Sami wanted to convince everybody that he was dead.
Sami wanted to convince the jury that he didn't do that.
Sami wanted to cover his tattoo.
Sami wanted to cover his tracks.
Sami wanted to cover up his failures.
Sami wanted to cry.
Sami wanted to cut his hair really short.
Sami wanted to cut his hair.
Sami wanted to cut off all ties with us.
Sami wanted to dance with Layla.
Sami wanted to dance.
Sami wanted to date Layla.
Sami wanted to deceive Layla.
Sami wanted to defend Layla.
Sami wanted to destroy Layla's reputation.
Sami wanted to detail about that.
Sami wanted to devote himself to his religion.
Sami wanted to die a Muslim.
Sami wanted to die alone.
Sami wanted to die of embarrassment.
Sami wanted to die with Layla.
Sami wanted to die.
Sami wanted to dig his family out of debt.
Sami wanted to dip out early.
Sami wanted to direct a film.
Sami wanted to discuss a case with Layla.
Sami wanted to discuss this in person.
Sami wanted to discuss this.
Sami wanted to dispose of the evidence.
Sami wanted to dispose of the weed.
Sami wanted to distract Layla.
Sami wanted to divorce Layla and marry Salima.
Sami wanted to do Layla harm.
Sami wanted to do a change.
Sami wanted to do a video about that.
Sami wanted to do a video.
Sami wanted to do his bit for the country.
Sami wanted to do it, too.
Sami wanted to do more YouTube.
Sami wanted to do something to get closer to God.
Sami wanted to do something.
Sami wanted to do that video.
Sami wanted to do that without Layla.
Sami wanted to do this.
Sami wanted to download that app.
Sami wanted to dress like those people.
Sami wanted to drink Layla's pee.
Sami wanted to drink some soda.
Sami wanted to drink vodka.
Sami wanted to dump Layla's body in the marsh.
Sami wanted to eat Layla's shit.
Sami wanted to eat anything he saw.
Sami wanted to eat at a restaurant.
Sami wanted to eat cupcakes.
Sami wanted to eat for free.
Sami wanted to eat pizza.
Sami wanted to eat shit.
Sami wanted to eliminate his rivals.
Sami wanted to eliminate the witnesses.
Sami wanted to embrace Islam.
Sami wanted to end his life.
Sami wanted to end his relationship with Layla.
Sami wanted to end that relationship.
Sami wanted to enjoy his life.
Sami wanted to erase Layla's identity.
Sami wanted to escape from jail.
Sami wanted to exact his revenge.
Sami wanted to expand his business.
Sami wanted to experience life with Layla.
Sami wanted to experience that.
Sami wanted to explain everything to Layla.
Sami wanted to explore Cairo.
Sami wanted to express his pain.
Sami wanted to fast.
Sami wanted to feel included.
Sami wanted to feel like his old self again.
Sami wanted to feel very important.
Sami wanted to fight one of his teachers.
Sami wanted to fight that boy.
Sami wanted to fight the gym teacher.
Sami wanted to fight those guys.
Sami wanted to fight.
Sami wanted to figure out his mother's identity.
Sami wanted to figure out how he could salvage his professional life and reputation.
Sami wanted to figure out what was in those CD's.
Sami wanted to figure out who that bitch was.
Sami wanted to find Layla.
Sami wanted to find a new partner.
Sami wanted to find another job.
Sami wanted to find his true north.
Sami wanted to find love.
Sami wanted to find nice things to say to Layla.
Sami wanted to find out what happened at the clinic.
Sami wanted to find out what was going on.
Sami wanted to find out who that person was.
Sami wanted to find the purpose of life.
Sami wanted to finish off the dog.
Sami wanted to finish the film.
Sami wanted to finish the job.
Sami wanted to fix his marital problems.
Sami wanted to fix his marriage.
Sami wanted to focus on school and work.
Sami wanted to focus on school.
Sami wanted to follow Layla on YouTube.
Sami wanted to follow Layla.
Sami wanted to follow his heart.
Sami wanted to fucking kill Layla.
Sami wanted to fulfill his fantasies with Layla.
Sami wanted to get Layla a bird.
Sami wanted to get Layla and Farid together.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of his life for ever.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of jail.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of the picture.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of the way.
Sami wanted to get Layla to notice him.
Sami wanted to get Layla's attention.
Sami wanted to get Layla's number.
Sami wanted to get a car.
Sami wanted to get a copy of the Quran.
Sami wanted to get a degree.
Sami wanted to get a fix.
Sami wanted to get a shower.
Sami wanted to get a tattoo.
Sami wanted to get an A on this paper.
Sami wanted to get attention and views on YouTube.
Sami wanted to get attention.
Sami wanted to get away from everyone.
Sami wanted to get away with murder.
Sami wanted to get away.
Sami wanted to get back to Egypt and his family so badly.
Sami wanted to get drunk.
Sami wanted to get help.
Sami wanted to get his ball back.
Sami wanted to get his hands on all of Layla's wealth.
Sami wanted to get his life back on track.
Sami wanted to get his money back.
Sami wanted to get his shit together.
Sami wanted to get his teeth removed.
Sami wanted to get his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami wanted to get home before it got too late.
Sami wanted to get home.
Sami wanted to get married by the age of 26.
Sami wanted to get married by the age of twenty-six.
Sami wanted to get married right away.
Sami wanted to get more shifts.
Sami wanted to get noticed on YouTube.
Sami wanted to get noticed.
Sami wanted to get on that ride.
Sami wanted to get on the rollercoaster.
Sami wanted to get out of his relationship with Layla.
Sami wanted to get out of that house.
Sami wanted to get out of town.
Sami wanted to get people in trouble.
Sami wanted to get revenge.
Sami wanted to get rid of Layla without a divorce.
Sami wanted to get rid of Layla.
Sami wanted to get rid of any toxic thing in his life.
Sami wanted to get rid of the body.
Sami wanted to get rid of this.
Sami wanted to get some answers.
Sami wanted to get some attention.
Sami wanted to get some money from Layla.
Sami wanted to get that fixed.
Sami wanted to get that job.
Sami wanted to get that off his chest.
Sami wanted to get that stranger to leave.
Sami wanted to get the stranger to leave without putting himself in danger.
Sami wanted to get this job done.
Sami wanted to get to the bottom of what happened to Layla.
Sami wanted to get to the safety of Switzerland.
Sami wanted to get up here.
Sami wanted to give Layla a chance.
Sami wanted to give Layla a hug.
Sami wanted to give Layla a huge hug.
Sami wanted to give Layla a pet.
Sami wanted to give Layla a second chance.
Sami wanted to give Layla his phone number.
Sami wanted to give it a try.
Sami wanted to give meaning to his own life.
Sami wanted to go a step further.
Sami wanted to go ahead.
Sami wanted to go and hang out with his family.
Sami wanted to go and hang out with some friends that he hadn't seen in years.
Sami wanted to go and live with Layla.
Sami wanted to go and look for Layla.
Sami wanted to go back and hug that girl.
Sami wanted to go back to Egypt.
Sami wanted to go back to his house.
Sami wanted to go back to school.
Sami wanted to go back to the hotel.
Sami wanted to go explore the city.
Sami wanted to go find the guy and fight him.
Sami wanted to go first.
Sami wanted to go for a walk.
Sami wanted to go hang out with his girlfriend.
Sami wanted to go home quickly.
Sami wanted to go home.
Sami wanted to go hug Layla.
Sami wanted to go on a Skype call with Layla.
Sami wanted to go on a date with Layla.
Sami wanted to go on a safari.
Sami wanted to go on dates.
Sami wanted to go out and talk to Layla.
Sami wanted to go out clubbing and dancing.
Sami wanted to go out, socialize and meet other people.
Sami wanted to go out.
Sami wanted to go there more.
Sami wanted to go there.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo as well.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo the very next day.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo which was a couple of hours from where he lived.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo.
Sami wanted to go to Costa Rica and grow bananas.
Sami wanted to go to Egypt.
Sami wanted to go to a Halloween event.
Sami wanted to go to a big city and be rich and famous.
Sami wanted to go to a football game.
Sami wanted to go to a party.
Sami wanted to go to a strip club.
Sami wanted to go to a sushi places.
Sami wanted to go to an expensive restaurant.
Sami wanted to go to another hair salon.
Sami wanted to go to another planet.
Sami wanted to go to bed.
Sami wanted to go to his house.
Sami wanted to go to sleep at six.
Sami wanted to go to sleep.
Sami wanted to go to that bar.
Sami wanted to go to the Halloween party.
Sami wanted to go to the bathroom.
Sami wanted to go to the game.
Sami wanted to go to the kitchen.
Sami wanted to go to the mall.
Sami wanted to go to the movies but he didn't have money.
Sami wanted to go to the movies with Layla.
Sami wanted to go to the prom dance.
Sami wanted to go to the rollercoaster.
Sami wanted to go with Layla.
Sami wanted to go with us.
Sami wanted to go, too.
Sami wanted to go.
Sami wanted to grieve in private.
Sami wanted to grow his hair long.
Sami wanted to grow his hair.
Sami wanted to handle his anger.
Sami wanted to handle the situation without getting anybody in trouble.
Sami wanted to handle this himself.
Sami wanted to hang out with Layla.
Sami wanted to hang out with other people.
Sami wanted to harm himself.
Sami wanted to have Layla fined.
Sami wanted to have Layla on his team.
Sami wanted to have a big wedding.
Sami wanted to have a child with Layla.
Sami wanted to have a child.
Sami wanted to have a convo with Layla.
Sami wanted to have a face to face conversation with Layla.
Sami wanted to have a good time.
Sami wanted to have a healthy relationship with his father.
Sami wanted to have a hook-up with Layla.
Sami wanted to have a mother in his life.
Sami wanted to have a quick chat with Layla.
Sami wanted to have breakfast with Layla.
Sami wanted to have complete power and control over Layla.
Sami wanted to have dinner with Layla.
Sami wanted to have fun at the party.
Sami wanted to have fun before the snow melted.
Sami wanted to have fun.
Sami wanted to have his nipples pierced.
Sami wanted to have his own business and be his own boss.
Sami wanted to have his own friends.
Sami wanted to have his own house.
Sami wanted to have his perfect life back.
Sami wanted to have it all.
Sami wanted to have sex with Layla.
Sami wanted to have sex.
Sami wanted to have some fun.
Sami wanted to have that look.
Sami wanted to have things go his way.
Sami wanted to heal people.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's opinion.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's reaction.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's side of the story.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's voice.
Sami wanted to hear a little bit more about how that ended.
Sami wanted to hear about that.
Sami wanted to hear all about it.
Sami wanted to hear that out of Layla's own mouth.
Sami wanted to hear that.
Sami wanted to hear the story.
Sami wanted to help Layla out.
Sami wanted to help Layla.
Sami wanted to help his family out.
Sami wanted to help make Layla better.
Sami wanted to help people.
Sami wanted to hide in the closet.
Sami wanted to hire Layla.
Sami wanted to hire a new receptionist.
Sami wanted to hit Layla.
Sami wanted to hold Layla's hand on the playground.
Sami wanted to hold Layla's hand.
Sami wanted to humiliate Layla.
Sami wanted to hurt Layla.
Sami wanted to hurt himself.
Sami wanted to impress Layla.
Sami wanted to impress his parents.
Sami wanted to improve his faith.
Sami wanted to improve his marriage.
Sami wanted to incinerate Layla's body.
Sami wanted to inherit everything.
Sami wanted to introduce Layla to Farid.
Sami wanted to introduce us to Layla.
Sami wanted to introduced Layla to Farid.
Sami wanted to introduced himself but didn't know how.
Sami wanted to invite Layla to his apartment.
Sami wanted to join the Marines to go to Afghanistan and kill as many Muslims as possible.
Sami wanted to join the National Guard.
Sami wanted to join the accounting department.
Sami wanted to join the military.
Sami wanted to jump off the balcony.
Sami wanted to jump off the bridge.
Sami wanted to keep Layla awake.
Sami wanted to keep Layla distant from his friends.
Sami wanted to keep his cellphone on him.
Sami wanted to keep his distance from the lesbian couple.
Sami wanted to keep his family together.
Sami wanted to keep his infidelity from ever becoming public.
Sami wanted to keep his private life private.
Sami wanted to keep his private life separate from his work life.
Sami wanted to keep it nice.
Sami wanted to keep that information just to himself.
Sami wanted to keep that picture.
Sami wanted to keep the affair secret.
Sami wanted to keep the affair separate from the rest of his life.
Sami wanted to keep this going.
Sami wanted to kick Layla out.
Sami wanted to kill Layla and take over her estate.
Sami wanted to kill Layla by cutting her head off.
Sami wanted to kill Layla once and for all.
Sami wanted to kill Layla with antifreeze.
Sami wanted to kill Layla's nephew.
Sami wanted to kill Layla.
Sami wanted to kill himself.
Sami wanted to kill his boss.
Sami wanted to kill his own daughter to save himself.
Sami wanted to kill me.
Sami wanted to kiss Layla.
Sami wanted to kiss that girl.
Sami wanted to know Layla's background.
Sami wanted to know Layla's ethnicity.
Sami wanted to know Layla's full name.
Sami wanted to know Layla's zodiac sign.
Sami wanted to know about all of Layla's exes.
Sami wanted to know everything about who those guys were.
Sami wanted to know how Layla broke her toe.
Sami wanted to know how Layla got his number.
Sami wanted to know how Layla had sex with girls.
Sami wanted to know how Layla quit using drugs.
Sami wanted to know how Layla's parents reacted to her conversion to Islam.
Sami wanted to know how it'd be like to shoot a real person.
Sami wanted to know how long Layla's affair had been going on.
Sami wanted to know how much that diamond ring cost.
Sami wanted to know how much that ring was worth.
Sami wanted to know how tall Layla was.
Sami wanted to know how to convert to Islam.
Sami wanted to know how to perform tayammum.
Sami wanted to know how to purify himself as a Muslim.
Sami wanted to know how to stop smoking weed.
Sami wanted to know if Layla was rich.
Sami wanted to know more about Layla's daily life.
Sami wanted to know more about Layla's past.
Sami wanted to know more about it.
Sami wanted to know more about religion.
Sami wanted to know more about that job.
Sami wanted to know that story.
Sami wanted to know that.
Sami wanted to know what Layla meant by that.
Sami wanted to know what Layla was texting.
Sami wanted to know what club Layla was at.
Sami wanted to know what had happened to his father.
Sami wanted to know what happened after that.
Sami wanted to know what happened to Layla.
Sami wanted to know what happened to her.
Sami wanted to know what he had to do next.
Sami wanted to know what to do next.
Sami wanted to know what was going on in the attic.
Sami wanted to know what was going on.
Sami wanted to know when Layla's book was going to be released.
Sami wanted to know where his father was.
Sami wanted to know who Layla was with.
Sami wanted to know who did that.
Sami wanted to know who he was.
Sami wanted to know who might have abducted Layla.
Sami wanted to know who that girl was.
Sami wanted to know who was Layla's neighbor.
Sami wanted to know who was there.
Sami wanted to know why Layla decided to take off the hijab.
Sami wanted to know why Muslim women wear the hijab.
Sami wanted to know.
Sami wanted to learn how to control his anger.
Sami wanted to learn how to shoot.
Sami wanted to learn many languages.
Sami wanted to learn more Arabic.
Sami wanted to learn more about Islam.
Sami wanted to learn more about Layla.
Sami wanted to learn.
Sami wanted to leave Layla.
Sami wanted to leave immediately.
Sami wanted to leave that house.
Sami wanted to leave the room.
Sami wanted to leave the town.
Sami wanted to leave.
Sami wanted to let Layla know he was there.
Sami wanted to let Layla know that he knew that she was talking about him.
Sami wanted to let Layla know that she wasn't alone.
Sami wanted to listen to Layla's new album.
Sami wanted to live a good healthy happy life.
Sami wanted to live a good life.
Sami wanted to live a life of luxury.
Sami wanted to live close to where he studied.
Sami wanted to live free.
Sami wanted to live his life.
Sami wanted to live in a Muslim country.
Sami wanted to live in a cottage.
Sami wanted to live in a haunted house.
Sami wanted to live in the countryside.
Sami wanted to live in this area.
Sami wanted to live in this house.
Sami wanted to live next to nature.
Sami wanted to live on his own.
Sami wanted to live the rest of his life feeling God.
Sami wanted to live with a girlfriend.
Sami wanted to look better.
Sami wanted to look his best.
Sami wanted to lure Layla back.
Sami wanted to make Layla Muslim.
Sami wanted to make Layla a Christian.
Sami wanted to make Layla an honest woman.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel less nervous.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel special.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel the same way.
Sami wanted to make Layla happier.
Sami wanted to make Layla happy.
Sami wanted to make Layla his girlfriend.
Sami wanted to make Layla love him.
Sami wanted to make Layla pay for leaving him.
Sami wanted to make a deal.
Sami wanted to make a difference in this world.
Sami wanted to make a new start.
Sami wanted to make a pie.
Sami wanted to make a salad for lunch.
Sami wanted to make a salad.
Sami wanted to make a video on this.
Sami wanted to make extra money.
Sami wanted to make fun of Layla.
Sami wanted to make himself really clear.
Sami wanted to make his Instagram content better.
Sami wanted to make his behavior acceptable.
Sami wanted to make his company big.
Sami wanted to make his mom happy.
Sami wanted to make his mother happy.
Sami wanted to make it easier.
Sami wanted to make it happen.
Sami wanted to make it up to Layla.
Sami wanted to make love to Layla.
Sami wanted to make me happy.
Sami wanted to make music.
Sami wanted to make musicals.
Sami wanted to make out with that girl.
Sami wanted to make some friends at school.
Sami wanted to make some things clear.
Sami wanted to make sure Layla was OK.
Sami wanted to make sure Layla wasn't there.
Sami wanted to make sure everything was OK.
Sami wanted to make sure everything was good.
Sami wanted to make sure it really worked.
Sami wanted to make sure it wasn't late.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was happy.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was having a good time.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was safe and secure.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was safe.
Sami wanted to make that clear.
Sami wanted to make the next move in his life.
Sami wanted to make the wedding really big.
Sami wanted to make the world a better place.
Sami wanted to make things easier.
Sami wanted to make this happen.
Sami wanted to marry Layla.
Sami wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
Sami wanted to marry an Egyptian woman.
Sami wanted to marry that girl.
Sami wanted to meet Layla for lunch.
Sami wanted to meet Layla in person.
Sami wanted to meet Layla there.
Sami wanted to meet Muslims.
Sami wanted to meet a Muslim woman.
Sami wanted to meet his biological mother.
Sami wanted to meet me in person.
Sami wanted to meet new friends.
Sami wanted to meet new people.
Sami wanted to meet real Muslims.
Sami wanted to meet this girl.
Sami wanted to meet women n Cairo.
Sami wanted to move away as far as he could.
Sami wanted to move here.
Sami wanted to move in with Layla.
Sami wanted to move in.
Sami wanted to move into that vacant room.
Sami wanted to move on with his life.
Sami wanted to move on.
Sami wanted to move out.
Sami wanted to move to Cairo.
Sami wanted to move to a different state for a change.
Sami wanted to move.
Sami wanted to name his son after him: Sami Bakir II.
Sami wanted to name his son after his father.
Sami wanted to occupy himself with something else to stop smoking weed.
Sami wanted to offer Layla a place to stay.
Sami wanted to order the cheapest thing on the menu.
Sami wanted to pay Layla a lot of money for this.
Sami wanted to peacefully coexist with Christians.
Sami wanted to perfect his dancing.
Sami wanted to persuade Layla.
Sami wanted to piss Layla off.
Sami wanted to play God.
Sami wanted to play a game.
Sami wanted to play baseball in the middle of winter.
Sami wanted to play football.
Sami wanted to play in the yard.
Sami wanted to play outside.
Sami wanted to play that song.
Sami wanted to play the victim.
Sami wanted to prepare himself.
Sami wanted to prevent Layla endangering the life of their baby.
Sami wanted to propose to Layla.
Sami wanted to protect and love Layla.
Sami wanted to protect his family.
Sami wanted to prove his innocence.
Sami wanted to prove how tough he was.
Sami wanted to prove that he loved Layla.
Sami wanted to prove to Layla that he loved her.
Sami wanted to puke.
Sami wanted to punch Layla in the face.
Sami wanted to punish Layla.
Sami wanted to punish people for what he had suffered.
Sami wanted to purge the evil spirit our of Layla's body.
Sami wanted to pursue a modeling career.
Sami wanted to put Layla back on her feet.
Sami wanted to quit Walmart.
Sami wanted to quit the band.
Sami wanted to raise his children as Muslims.
Sami wanted to rape Layla.
Sami wanted to read about Islam.
Sami wanted to read the Quran.
Sami wanted to read the letter.
Sami wanted to read the second part of the story.
Sami wanted to record this.
Sami wanted to rekindle his relationship with Layla.
Sami wanted to relax a little bit.
Sami wanted to remind Layla of how much he loved her.
Sami wanted to remodel the bathroom.
Sami wanted to repent.
Sami wanted to rephrase the sentence.
Sami wanted to replace Farid.
Sami wanted to rest for a while.
Sami wanted to retrace Layla's journey.
Sami wanted to ride a camel.
Sami wanted to ride some rides.
Sami wanted to ride the rollercoaster.
Sami wanted to rip Layla's head off.
Sami wanted to rob Layla.
Sami wanted to rob a bank.
Sami wanted to rob that girl.
Sami wanted to room with Farid.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's life.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's party.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's wedding.
Sami wanted to run over Layla with his car.
Sami wanted to run.
Sami wanted to save his marriage.
Sami wanted to save his own butt.
Sami wanted to save his skin.
Sami wanted to scare Layla.
Sami wanted to secure custody of 6-year old Farid.
Sami wanted to see Cairo so bad.
Sami wanted to see Cairo.
Sami wanted to see Farid in the flesh.
Sami wanted to see Layla acquitted.
Sami wanted to see Layla at the beach.
Sami wanted to see Layla at the concert.
Sami wanted to see Layla at the party.
Sami wanted to see Layla in person.
Sami wanted to see Layla on the beach.
Sami wanted to see Layla suffer.
Sami wanted to see Layla urgently.
Sami wanted to see Layla's apartment.
Sami wanted to see Layla's beautiful face.
Sami wanted to see Layla's boobs.
Sami wanted to see Layla's gorgeous face.
Sami wanted to see Layla's room.
Sami wanted to see Layla.
Sami wanted to see a fight.
Sami wanted to see a therapist.
Sami wanted to see dolphins.
Sami wanted to see her.
Sami wanted to see his family again.
Sami wanted to see his hair.
Sami wanted to see his mom happy.
Sami wanted to see his son.
Sami wanted to see more videos about that.
Sami wanted to see more videos.
Sami wanted to see something interesting.
Sami wanted to see the jewelry again.
Sami wanted to see the rollercoaster.
Sami wanted to see the video.
Sami wanted to see the western part of Egypt.
Sami wanted to see this.
Sami wanted to see what Layla looked like.
Sami wanted to see what Layla was doing.
Sami wanted to see what life held for him.
Sami wanted to see what was about to happen.
Sami wanted to see what was happening.
Sami wanted to sell his Ford Focus and buy a Mercedes.
Sami wanted to sell his Shiba Inu.
Sami wanted to sell his mentally challenged sister into slavery.
Sami wanted to sell the rest of his books.
Sami wanted to send his daughter on a vacation.
Sami wanted to send the authorities a message: I'm smarter than you.
Sami wanted to separate Layla from her family.
Sami wanted to serve the Lord.
Sami wanted to set Layla's poem to music.
Sami wanted to set an example.
Sami wanted to set the shed on fire.
Sami wanted to settle down.
Sami wanted to settled down and have a real life.
Sami wanted to sexually assault Layla.
Sami wanted to share this with Layla.
Sami wanted to shave his head.
Sami wanted to shield his daughter from Western ways.
Sami wanted to show Layla so many great things.
Sami wanted to show Layla that he cared about her.
Sami wanted to show Layla that he could still do whatever.
Sami wanted to show a side of him that very few people know.
Sami wanted to show love to Layla.
Sami wanted to show me a good sushi place.
Sami wanted to show me one of his favorite places.
Sami wanted to show that to Layla.
Sami wanted to show us his room.
Sami wanted to show us something.
Sami wanted to shower.
Sami wanted to sing Layla happy birthday.
Sami wanted to sit here for a little bit.
Sami wanted to sit right next to Layla.
Sami wanted to skip school, too.
Sami wanted to skip school.
Sami wanted to skip town.
Sami wanted to smash Layla.
Sami wanted to smoke a blunt.
Sami wanted to smoke.
Sami wanted to socialize with the other people.
Sami wanted to solve the mystery.
Sami wanted to solve the problem for Layla.
Sami wanted to speak to Layla.
Sami wanted to speak to me.
Sami wanted to speak with Layla.
Sami wanted to spend his evening with Layla.
Sami wanted to spend his holidays on a tropical island.
Sami wanted to spend more time with Layla.
Sami wanted to spend more time with his natural father in Egypt.
Sami wanted to spend the night at Layla's house.
Sami wanted to start a family.
Sami wanted to start a new life.
Sami wanted to start his own business.
Sami wanted to stay a little bit longer.
Sami wanted to stay here.
Sami wanted to stay home.
Sami wanted to stay in Cairo.
Sami wanted to stay in a haunted hotel room.
Sami wanted to stay in his room.
Sami wanted to stay single.
Sami wanted to stay with his sister.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's Shiba Inu.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's car.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's iPod.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's money.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's pills.
Sami wanted to steal a car.
Sami wanted to steal that car.
Sami wanted to steal the money.
Sami wanted to stop Layla from having an abortion.
Sami wanted to stop the pain.
Sami wanted to straighten up Layla.
Sami wanted to study mathematics.
Sami wanted to study.
Sami wanted to sue the school.
Sami wanted to sue the tattoo artist.
Sami wanted to summarize the article.
Sami wanted to support his friend.
Sami wanted to surprise Layla with a present.
Sami wanted to surprise Layla.
Sami wanted to survive on his own.
Sami wanted to take Layla home.
Sami wanted to take Layla out on a date.
Sami wanted to take Layla out.
Sami wanted to take Layla somewhere.
Sami wanted to take Layla's job.
Sami wanted to take a break.
Sami wanted to take a nap.
Sami wanted to take a picture with Layla.
Sami wanted to take a shower.
Sami wanted to take a vacation with us.
Sami wanted to take a year off.
Sami wanted to take care of Layla.
Sami wanted to take care of his family.
Sami wanted to take education.
Sami wanted to take his shahada in the mosque.
Sami wanted to take it to the next level.
Sami wanted to take more time to convert to Islam.
Sami wanted to take part in an orgy.
Sami wanted to take perfect pictures.
Sami wanted to take pictures.
Sami wanted to take shahada with me.
Sami wanted to take shit in his own hands.
Sami wanted to take shortcuts in life.
Sami wanted to take some more pictures.
Sami wanted to take the shahada with Layla.
Sami wanted to take the stand.
Sami wanted to take those classes.
Sami wanted to talk about his family life.
Sami wanted to talk about that.
Sami wanted to talk about this.
Sami wanted to talk about what happened.
Sami wanted to talk to God.
Sami wanted to talk to Layla about something.
Sami wanted to talk to Layla about those text messages.
Sami wanted to talk to Layla.
Sami wanted to talk to his mom about it.
Sami wanted to talk to his mom.
Sami wanted to talk to me about it.
Sami wanted to talk to me about something.
Sami wanted to talk to the imam.
Sami wanted to talk to the owner of the property.
Sami wanted to talk to you.
Sami wanted to taste Layla's poop.
Sami wanted to taste Layla's shit.
Sami wanted to tattoo his face.
Sami wanted to teach Layla a lesson.
Sami wanted to team up with other photographers.
Sami wanted to tell Layla about that.
Sami wanted to tell Layla everything.
Sami wanted to tell Layla that story.
Sami wanted to tell Layla.
Sami wanted to tell that story.
Sami wanted to tell the story.
Sami wanted to tell the truth.
Sami wanted to tell you something.
Sami wanted to test his skills in Cairo.
Sami wanted to test his theory.
Sami wanted to testify.
Sami wanted to text his mom.
Sami wanted to throw suspicion on Layla.
Sami wanted to throw up.
Sami wanted to torture Layla for what she did to him.
Sami wanted to touch Layla's hair.
Sami wanted to touch Layla's hands.
Sami wanted to touch my hair.
Sami wanted to transfer out.
Sami wanted to travel much more.
Sami wanted to trick-or-treat in a rich neighborhood.
Sami wanted to try Layla's bike.
Sami wanted to try it.
Sami wanted to try some new drugs.
Sami wanted to try something different.
Sami wanted to try something else.
Sami wanted to try something new.
Sami wanted to try that game.
Sami wanted to try those products.
Sami wanted to turn himself in.
Sami wanted to understand everything about Islam.
Sami wanted to use Layla's fridge.
Sami wanted to use the bathroom.
Sami wanted to vindicate himself.
Sami wanted to visit Florida's Atlantic coast.
Sami wanted to wait outside.
Sami wanted to walk away from his problems and become a drifter.
Sami wanted to wash his sins away.
Sami wanted to watch Layla peeing.
Sami wanted to watch Layla shitting.
Sami wanted to watch Layla taking a shit.
Sami wanted to watch a hockey game.
Sami wanted to watch more videos like these.
Sami wanted to watch the fight.
Sami wanted to watch the movie.
Sami wanted to watch the video.
Sami wanted to win the lottery.
Sami wanted to win.
Sami wanted to wipe all of those people out.
Sami wanted to withdraw money.
Sami wanted to work at Walmart.
Sami wanted to work in a Muslim environment.
Sami wanted to work that day.
Sami wanted to work there so bad.
Sami wanted to work things out with Layla.
Sami wanted to work with Layla.
Sami wanted to write something but he didn't know what.
Sami wanted us to come to his party.
Sami wanted us to go to jail.
Sami wanted us to go to that club.
Sami wanted us to leave.
Sami wanted us to start a wonderful life together.
Sami wanted violent sex.
Sami wanted what Layla had.
Sami wants Layla out of his life.
Sami wants Layla to be his girlfriend.
Sami wants Layla to come to Egypt.
Sami wants Layla to do that.
Sami wants Layla to do this.
Sami wants Layla to feel at home.
Sami wants Layla to hear.
Sami wants Layla to love him.
Sami wants Layla to stay.
Sami wants Layla to work for him tonight.
Sami wants Layla to work for him.
Sami wants Layla's money.
Sami wants Layla's opinion.
Sami wants a cigarette.
Sami wants a dog.
Sami wants a massage.
Sami wants a new wallet.
Sami wants a puppy.
Sami wants a wallet.
Sami wants another one.
Sami wants attention.
Sami wants complete silence.
Sami wants everybody to be miserable.
Sami wants everyone to know the truth.
Sami wants me at the museum.
Sami wants money but he doesn't want to go to work.
Sami wants money but he doesn't want to work.
Sami wants more stories like these.
Sami wants more.
Sami wants nothing to do with Layla or her family.
Sami wants out.
Sami wants revenge.
Sami wants sex.
Sami wants six hundred dollars for this gun.
Sami wants some French fries.
Sami wants some food.
Sami wants some fries with it.
Sami wants some water.
Sami wants something in return from Layla and she doesn't like that.
Sami wants that gun.
Sami wants the job done this time.
Sami wants the truth.
Sami wants this chair.
Sami wants this dog.
Sami wants this to work.
Sami wants this.
Sami wants to apologize.
Sami wants to be Layla's business partner.
Sami wants to be Layla's friend.
Sami wants to be a bartender.
Sami wants to be a better person.
Sami wants to be a creator.
Sami wants to be a doctor.
Sami wants to be a massage therapist.
Sami wants to be a pilot.
Sami wants to be a rapper.
Sami wants to be a singer.
Sami wants to be an Arabic teacher.
Sami wants to be an inventor.
Sami wants to be friends with Farid.
Sami wants to be friends with Layla.
Sami wants to be in a relationship.
Sami wants to be in the play.
Sami wants to be on TV.
Sami wants to be pharmacist.
Sami wants to be single.
Sami wants to be with Layla.
Sami wants to be with his people.
Sami wants to beat Farid's ass.
Sami wants to become a Berber teacher.
Sami wants to become an Arabic teacher.
Sami wants to break up with Layla.
Sami wants to buy a dog.
Sami wants to buy a gun.
Sami wants to buy a new dishwasher.
Sami wants to buy a parrot.
Sami wants to buy it.
Sami wants to buy that camera.
Sami wants to change his life.
Sami wants to come back to this house.
Sami wants to come back.
Sami wants to come in.
Sami wants to come over here.
Sami wants to come.
Sami wants to confess.
Sami wants to confront Layla.
Sami wants to control Layla.
Sami wants to convert to Islam.
Sami wants to date Layla.
Sami wants to die.
Sami wants to do a good job.
Sami wants to do it right.
Sami wants to do this again.
Sami wants to do this outside.
Sami wants to do this.
Sami wants to drink Layla's pee.
Sami wants to drink with us.
Sami wants to dye his hair.
Sami wants to eat French fries.
Sami wants to eat cookies.
Sami wants to eat fries.
Sami wants to eat ice cream.
Sami wants to eat rice.
Sami wants to eat some ice cream.
Sami wants to eat the sandwich.
Sami wants to end his relationship with Layla.
Sami wants to explain why.
Sami wants to fight the teacher.
Sami wants to file a police report.
Sami wants to film outside.
Sami wants to find another job.
Sami wants to finish this project.
Sami wants to fire Layla.
Sami wants to focus on his career.
Sami wants to get a degree.
Sami wants to get attention.
Sami wants to get good grades.
Sami wants to get his revenge on Layla.
Sami wants to get out of here.
Sami wants to get rid of Layla.
Sami wants to get some rest.
Sami wants to get that camera.
Sami wants to give this book to Layla as a gift.
Sami wants to go back to school.
Sami wants to go home now.
Sami wants to go home.
Sami wants to go out.
Sami wants to go to Layla's apartment.
Sami wants to go to a gift shop.
Sami wants to go to the movies with Layla.
Sami wants to go to the science museum.
Sami wants to go to this bar.
Sami wants to go, too.
Sami wants to go.
Sami wants to grow up.
Sami wants to have his money back.
Sami wants to have sex and Layla has never done that before.
Sami wants to have sex with Layla.
Sami wants to have some fun.
Sami wants to hear Layla's song.
Sami wants to hear about that, too.
Sami wants to hear about that.
Sami wants to hear that story, too.
Sami wants to hear that story.
Sami wants to hear the story.
Sami wants to help.
Sami wants to humiliate Layla.
Sami wants to impress Layla.
Sami wants to invite Layla to his apartment.
Sami wants to keep the vlog going.
Sami wants to kill me.
Sami wants to know what Layla is thinking about this.
Sami wants to know what is going on.
Sami wants to know where this place is.
Sami wants to know why Layla wears the hijab.
Sami wants to know.
Sami wants to leave this house.
Sami wants to leave.
Sami wants to live better.
Sami wants to live with somebody else.
Sami wants to make Layla happy.
Sami wants to make a video about this.
Sami wants to make his peace with God.
Sami wants to make out with that girl.
Sami wants to marry a Muslim woman.
Sami wants to move here.
Sami wants to move in with Layla.
Sami wants to move on with his life.
Sami wants to move out.
Sami wants to move to Cairo.
Sami wants to play that song right now.
Sami wants to play this game.
Sami wants to protect Layla.
Sami wants to quit Walmart.
Sami wants to quit.
Sami wants to read more stories.
Sami wants to read more.
Sami wants to recant.
Sami wants to remind Layla who is boss.
Sami wants to say something very quick.
Sami wants to scare Layla.
Sami wants to see Layla again.
Sami wants to see Layla tomorrow.
Sami wants to see Layla.
Sami wants to see him.
Sami wants to see more videos like that.
Sami wants to see more videos.
Sami wants to see that.
Sami wants to see the next scene.
Sami wants to see the ocean.
Sami wants to see what Layla looks like.
Sami wants to see what will happen.
Sami wants to see you before you leave.
Sami wants to see you.
Sami wants to sell his Shiba Inu.
Sami wants to show Layla something.
Sami wants to show us something.
Sami wants to show you something.
Sami wants to smoke a blunt.
Sami wants to speak to me.
Sami wants to spend some time alone.
Sami wants to stay here.
Sami wants to stay home.
Sami wants to stay in Egypt.
Sami wants to stay.
Sami wants to study at a school of tourism.
Sami wants to take Layla out on a date.
Sami wants to take Layla's money.
Sami wants to take Layla's place.
Sami wants to take a nap.
Sami wants to take a walk.
Sami wants to take matters into his own hands.
Sami wants to take pictures.
Sami wants to take psychology.
Sami wants to talk about it later.
Sami wants to talk about that girl.
Sami wants to talk to Farid man to man.
Sami wants to talk to Layla now.
Sami wants to talk to Layla.
Sami wants to talk to his sister tonight.
Sami wants to talk to that girl.
Sami wants to talk to you about it now.
Sami wants to talk to you.
Sami wants to talk with you about a couple of things.
Sami wants to teach Layla a lesson.
Sami wants to tell Layla this story.
Sami wants to throw up.
Sami wants to touch Layla's hair.
Sami wants to try Layla's lemonade.
Sami wants to try it.
Sami wants to try this again.
Sami wants to try this bike.
Sami wants to try this on.
Sami wants to use the bathroom.
Sami wants to use the money to buy a gun.
Sami wants to watch TV.
Sami wants to watch the video.
Sami wants to watch this.
Sami wants us to stay.
Sami wants what's best for you.
Sami wants you to do it.
Sami wants you to tell the whole truth.
Sami war running downstairs.
Sami warmed up to Layla and she warmed up to him, too.
Sami warmed up to me.
Sami warned Layla about this.
Sami warned Layla but she didn't care.
Sami warned Layla not to cross that line.
Sami warned Layla not to go back down that street.
Sami warned Layla several times.
Sami warned Layla.
Sami warned me about Layla.
Sami was 16 years old.
Sami was Arab.
Sami was Christian.
Sami was Egyptian but he dyed his hair blond.
Sami was Egyptian.
Sami was Fardi's best friend.
Sami was Farid and Layla's mutual friend.
Sami was Farid's bandmate.
Sami was Farid's best Facebook friend.
Sami was Farid's best man.
Sami was Farid's college friend.
Sami was Farid's drinking buddy.
Sami was Farid's identical twin.
Sami was Farid's last roommate.
Sami was Farid's new associate.
Sami was Hindu.
Sami was Jewish and he had to be buried within 48 hours.
Sami was Latino.
Sami was Layla and Farid's brother.
Sami was Layla up at six every single morning.
Sami was Layla's Egyptian high school crush.
Sami was Layla's Prince Charming.
Sami was Layla's Southern sweetheart. They were both from Alabama.
Sami was Layla's age.
Sami was Layla's biographer.
Sami was Layla's boy toy.
Sami was Layla's boyfriend at the moment.
Sami was Layla's boyfriend.
Sami was Layla's brother.
Sami was Layla's cousin.
Sami was Layla's dance partner.
Sami was Layla's direct boss.
Sami was Layla's estranged husband.
Sami was Layla's first boss.
Sami was Layla's first grandchild and she adored him.
Sami was Layla's first love.
Sami was Layla's first.
Sami was Layla's former Arabic teacher.
Sami was Layla's friend.
Sami was Layla's hero.
Sami was Layla's high school crush.
Sami was Layla's high school sweetheart.
Sami was Layla's husband.
Sami was Layla's life.
Sami was Layla's little brother.
Sami was Layla's man.
Sami was Layla's mentor.
Sami was Layla's military superior.
Sami was Layla's most devoted student.
Sami was Layla's neighbor.
Sami was Layla's nephew by marriage.
Sami was Layla's next door neighbor.
Sami was Layla's older brother.
Sami was Layla's only grandchild.
Sami was Layla's only kid.
Sami was Layla's only reasonable choice.
Sami was Layla's other half.
Sami was Layla's partner in crime.
Sami was Layla's passion.
Sami was Layla's romantic getaway.
Sami was Layla's school boyfriend.
Sami was Layla's secret admirer.
Sami was Layla's secret lover.
Sami was Layla's secret suitor.
Sami was Layla's spiritual counselor.
Sami was Layla's stepfather.
Sami was Layla's superior.
Sami was Layla's supervisor.
Sami was Layla's teacher at elementary school.
Sami was Layla's worst enemy.
Sami was Muslim.
Sami was OK with it.
Sami was OK with losing his wife and children.
Sami was OK with that.
Sami was OK with this.
Sami was OK.
Sami was Satan in Layla's eyes.
Sami was a 26 year old sailor.
Sami was a 32-year-old traffic cop.
Sami was a Bible professor.
Sami was a Bible studies teacher.
Sami was a Buddhist teacher.
Sami was a Cancer.
Sami was a Christian as a child.
Sami was a Christian family man.
Sami was a Christian.
Sami was a Gemini.
Sami was a Grand Dragon in the KKK.
Sami was a Muslim student.
Sami was a MySpace model.
Sami was a Navy veteran.
Sami was a Star Wars fan.
Sami was a UCLA basketball star.
Sami was a YouTuber.
Sami was a baby-faced boy.
Sami was a baby.
Sami was a bad boy.
Sami was a bad friend to Layla.
Sami was a bad influence in my life.
Sami was a bad kid in school.
Sami was a bad person.
Sami was a banker.
Sami was a bartender for many years.
Sami was a bartender.
Sami was a beast that needed to be controlled.
Sami was a big bully.
Sami was a big deal to me because he was my first.
Sami was a big drug dealer.
Sami was a big partier.
Sami was a big talker.
Sami was a bishop.
Sami was a bit nervous and shy.
Sami was a bit of an introvert.
Sami was a bit scared.
Sami was a bit worried about Layla.
Sami was a bit younger than Layla.
Sami was a black boy.
Sami was a black dude.
Sami was a born gambler.
Sami was a born-again Christian.
Sami was a bouncer.
Sami was a braggart and a bore.
Sami was a brutal beast.
Sami was a brutal merciless killer.
Sami was a brute.
Sami was a bully and nobody wanted to be around him anymore.
Sami was a business manager at a biotech company.
Sami was a businessman on his way up.
Sami was a cancer patient.
Sami was a careless killer.
Sami was a caretaker who lived in a mobile home on the property of Layla Bakir.
Sami was a cashier at a grocery store.
Sami was a casting director.
Sami was a celebrity.
Sami was a chapter in my life and that chapter is closed.
Sami was a cheater and a beater.
Sami was a cheater.
Sami was a cheating lover.
Sami was a chef.
Sami was a child and had absolutely no idea that that was sexual assault.
Sami was a child in danger.
Sami was a child.
Sami was a church member.
Sami was a classic manipulator.
Sami was a cold-blooded murderer.
Sami was a college student with a sense of adventure.
Sami was a comic fan.
Sami was a competitive cyclist.
Sami was a complete asshole to Layla.
Sami was a complete asshole.
Sami was a complete idiot.
Sami was a complete nerd when he was younger.
Sami was a complete pedo.
Sami was a complete pedophile.
Sami was a complete stranger to Layla.
Sami was a complete stranger.
Sami was a completely different person.
Sami was a computer programmer.
Sami was a confident student.
Sami was a confidential informant.
Sami was a confirmed risk to our community.
Sami was a convert to Islam.
Sami was a convict.
Sami was a convicted killer.
Sami was a convicted murderer.
Sami was a cool guy.
Sami was a cosmetologist.
Sami was a couple of months old.
Sami was a coward.
Sami was a crazy boy.
Sami was a crazy kid.
Sami was a crazy person.
Sami was a creative child.
Sami was a criminal in search of gold.
Sami was a criminal profiler.
Sami was a crooked cop.
Sami was a cross-dresser.
Sami was a customer from hell.
Sami was a customer service agent.
Sami was a cute little kid.
Sami was a cutie, too.
Sami was a cyberstalker.
Sami was a dad himself.
Sami was a damaged child.
Sami was a dance teacher.
Sami was a dangerous criminal.
Sami was a deaf student.
Sami was a decent human being.
Sami was a dental hygienist.
Sami was a desirable target for Layla because of his wealth.
Sami was a devil in disguise.
Sami was a devoted teacher.
Sami was a devout church organist.
Sami was a devout evangelical Christian.
Sami was a die-hard Christian.
Sami was a different person.
Sami was a dirty-looking guy.
Sami was a dishwasher.
Sami was a divorced single parent.
Sami was a doctor with a comfortable salary and a reputation.
Sami was a dog breeder.
Sami was a dog handler.
Sami was a dog lover.
Sami was a double-amputee.
Sami was a drag performer.
Sami was a drag queen.
Sami was a drinker back then.
Sami was a drinker in the past.
Sami was a drug addict.
Sami was a drug dealer.
Sami was a drug user and abuser.
Sami was a drunk crowd of people.
Sami was a family man.
Sami was a fashion designer.
Sami was a few feet away from that door.
Sami was a few feet away.
Sami was a few minutes late.
Sami was a few months older than Layla.
Sami was a few years older than Layla.
Sami was a few years older than me.
Sami was a fierce fighter.
Sami was a filthy person.
Sami was a financial burden.
Sami was a fire chief.
Sami was a food vendor.
Sami was a fool.
Sami was a football player.
Sami was a fresh part-time employee at Walmart.
Sami was a freshman in high school at the time.
Sami was a freshman in high school.
Sami was a freshman just like us.
Sami was a freshman when Layla was a junior.
Sami was a freshman.
Sami was a friend of mine.
Sami was a fucking coward.
Sami was a fucking mess.
Sami was a fugitive on the run.
Sami was a full-size bed.
Sami was a full-time student.
Sami was a fun person to be around.
Sami was a general education teacher.
Sami was a genius in math.
Sami was a gentle giant.
Sami was a gentleman.
Sami was a gift from God.
Sami was a godly man.
Sami was a good Muslim.
Sami was a good and dedicated teacher.
Sami was a good boy.
Sami was a good friend.
Sami was a good guy.
Sami was a good judge of character.
Sami was a good liar.
Sami was a good person and father.
Sami was a good roommate.
Sami was a goofy funny guy.
Sami was a gorgeous boy.
Sami was a government contractor with six kids.
Sami was a great teacher and he loved everybody.
Sami was a great teacher.
Sami was a gun lover.
Sami was a habitual cheater.
Sami was a hard-working banker.
Sami was a hardcore atheist.
Sami was a harmless teddy bear.
Sami was a heartless monster in disguise.
Sami was a heavy partier.
Sami was a heavy smoker.
Sami was a heavyset guy and was not Layla's type.
Sami was a heroin addict.
Sami was a high school Arabic teacher.
Sami was a high school student.
Sami was a highly regarded member of the community.
Sami was a hippy.
Sami was a hitchhiker.
Sami was a hobo.
Sami was a homicide victim.
Sami was a hopeless womanizer.
Sami was a horrible actor.
Sami was a horrible person.
Sami was a huge Egyptian dude.
Sami was a huge creepy-looking muscular guy.
Sami was a huge romantic.
Sami was a hypocrite.
Sami was a janitor.
Sami was a junkie.
Sami was a junky.
Sami was a juvenile at the time of the murder.
Sami was a kid at the time.
Sami was a kid.
Sami was a kind soul.
Sami was a ladies' man.
Sami was a leader in his church.
Sami was a legal citizen.
Sami was a lieutenant.
Sami was a little behind on the bills.
Sami was a little bit concerned.
Sami was a little bit early and had some time to kill.
Sami was a little bit more Americanized than his brother.
Sami was a little bit more comfortable at that school.
Sami was a little bit more polite.
Sami was a little bit more understanding about that.
Sami was a little bit nervous.
Sami was a little bit nosy.
Sami was a little bit resentful.
Sami was a little bit younger than his cousin.
Sami was a little brat.
Sami was a little concerned.
Sami was a little confused about who Jesus was.
Sami was a little creepy.
Sami was a little cutie.
Sami was a little freaked out.
Sami was a little irritated.
Sami was a little jealous.
Sami was a little late.
Sami was a little older than me.
Sami was a little rednecky.
Sami was a little resentful because he worked so much.
Sami was a little sketchy with Layla.
Sami was a little thief.
Sami was a little too eager to get his hands on the money.
Sami was a little vague on that point.
Sami was a long-time family friend.
Sami was a loose cannon.
Sami was a lot more confrontational than Layla.
Sami was a lot of fun to be around.
Sami was a lot older than us.
Sami was a lottery winner.
Sami was a loud mouth.
Sami was a loving husband.
Sami was a lucky man.
Sami was a lying impostor.
Sami was a mad man.
Sami was a magnet for scammers.
Sami was a makeup artist.
Sami was a man of God.
Sami was a man of ill repute.
Sami was a man with a mission.
Sami was a man without compassion.
Sami was a manager at Walmart.
Sami was a manipulative person.
Sami was a master criminal.
Sami was a master manipulator of people and this started when he was a young boy.
Sami was a master manipulator.
Sami was a math teacher in Egypt.
Sami was a mature man.
Sami was a mean and selfish man.
Sami was a medical examiner.
Sami was a medical professional.
Sami was a medical technician.
Sami was a member of Farid's cult.
Sami was a member of an Asian gang.
Sami was a member of the casting team.
Sami was a member of the club.
Sami was a member of the congregation.
Sami was a member of the cult for 16 years.
Sami was a mercenary.
Sami was a mess.
Sami was a meth addict.
Sami was a middle-schooler at the time.
Sami was a mild-mannered cop.
Sami was a mild-mannered policeman.
Sami was a military.
Sami was a millionaire businessman.
Sami was a miserable jerk.
Sami was a mixed-race baby.
Sami was a model prisoner.
Sami was a model student.
Sami was a monster.
Sami was a motivational speaker?
Sami was a movie producer.
Sami was a much esteemed teacher.
Sami was a murderer with a notorious nickname.
Sami was a musician.
Sami was a naive teenager.
Sami was a natural born teacher.
Sami was a neo-Nazi.
Sami was a nerd.
Sami was a nice guy.
Sami was a nice kid.
Sami was a nice man.
Sami was a nice person.
Sami was a non-Muslim.
Sami was a normal person.
Sami was a nosy boy.
Sami was a nursery worker.
Sami was a once promising medical student.
Sami was a paedophile.
Sami was a pale guy with black hair.
Sami was a parent to me.
Sami was a park owner in Cairo.
Sami was a parking attendant.
Sami was a parolee.
Sami was a part of Layla's congregation.
Sami was a part of the KKK.
Sami was a passionate rider.
Sami was a pathological liar.
Sami was a patrol officer.
Sami was a pedophile.
Sami was a peeping tom.
Sami was a people person.
Sami was a perfect stranger.
Sami was a person who could be manipulated.
Sami was a pervert.
Sami was a perverted man.
Sami was a physician.
Sami was a picture of Layla.
Sami was a piece of shit.
Sami was a pillar in the community.
Sami was a pillar of the community.
Sami was a pimp.
Sami was a police officer.
Sami was a police snitch.
Sami was a pot farmer.
Sami was a potential suspect.
Sami was a powerful businessman.
Sami was a powerful figure within the Toronto Arab community.
Sami was a predator.
Sami was a pretty logical person.
Sami was a prisoner of the Kurds.
Sami was a professional dog trainer.
Sami was a professional fighter.
Sami was a professional hitman.
Sami was a professional photographer.
Sami was a professional sailor.
Sami was a professional.
Sami was a prominent Cairo plastic surgeon.
Sami was a prominent member of the medical community.
Sami was a prominent plastic surgeon.
Sami was a promising cardiologist.
Sami was a pugnacious businessman.
Sami was a punk.
Sami was a quality control specialist.
Sami was a really awesome roommate.
Sami was a really bad driver.
Sami was a really cool guy.
Sami was a really cool person.
Sami was a really famous NFL player.
Sami was a really good captain.
Sami was a really good friend of mine.
Sami was a really good friend.
Sami was a really good parent.
Sami was a really loud dude.
Sami was a really nice guy.
Sami was a really nice person.
Sami was a really quiet person.
Sami was a really skinny man.
Sami was a really strong businessman.
Sami was a really sweet guy.
Sami was a really weird person.
Sami was a registered sex offender.
Sami was a regular.
Sami was a relative of ours.
Sami was a reoccurring character in Layla's stories.
Sami was a resourceful guy.
Sami was a respectable smooth-talking reverend.
Sami was a respected leader in the community.
Sami was a rich Egyptian playboy.
Sami was a rich guy.
Sami was a rich kid.
Sami was a rising tennis star.
Sami was a rude asshole.
Sami was a salient suspect.
Sami was a sassy redneck.
Sami was a scared man.
Sami was a schoolteacher.
Sami was a seasoned assassin.
Sami was a secretive man.
Sami was a security guard.
Sami was a self-centered person who lived by himself.
Sami was a senior agent.
Sami was a senior in high school.
Sami was a serial molester.
Sami was a server for six years.
Sami was a server.
Sami was a sex offender.
Sami was a shoulder to cry on.
Sami was a shy bachelor.
Sami was a shy introvert.
Sami was a sibling of Layla's.
Sami was a sibling of mine.
Sami was a sick peeping Tom.
Sami was a singer from Cairo.
Sami was a singer.
Sami was a slow-witted handyman.
Sami was a snitch.
Sami was a socially awkward kid.
Sami was a sociopath.
Sami was a sophomore at that high school.
Sami was a sophomore in high school.
Sami was a sophomore.
Sami was a soulless ex-con.
Sami was a sports hero.
Sami was a standout suspect.
Sami was a star student.
Sami was a state employee.
Sami was a staunch Christian.
Sami was a store employee.
Sami was a straight-A achiever.
Sami was a straight-A student.
Sami was a strict vegetarian.
Sami was a strong suspect.
Sami was a student at the University of Cairo.
Sami was a substitute teacher.
Sami was a successful businessman.
Sami was a successful oncologist.
Sami was a super bubbly boy.
Sami was a super cool guy.
Sami was a super cutie.
Sami was a super nice guy.
Sami was a suspect.
Sami was a suspicious character.
Sami was a sweet guy.
Sami was a sweet person but he was dirty.
Sami was a talented pianist.
Sami was a tall slender white man.
Sami was a target again.
Sami was a technician.
Sami was a teen in trouble.
Sami was a teenager.
Sami was a tenacious person.
Sami was a terrible worker.
Sami was a thief, an adulterer and a murderer.
Sami was a thug.
Sami was a top customer.
Sami was a total asshole.
Sami was a tough cookie.
Sami was a town pastor.
Sami was a troubled teenager.
Sami was a trusted inmate.
Sami was a typical bad boy.
Sami was a very Americanized Egyptian guy.
Sami was a very affable guy.
Sami was a very attractive man.
Sami was a very bad person.
Sami was a very bizarre individual.
Sami was a very charming and super interesting man.
Sami was a very close friend.
Sami was a very controlling man.
Sami was a very controlling person.
Sami was a very devout Catholic and he didn't believe in divorce.
Sami was a very doormat type of guy.
Sami was a very energetic man.
Sami was a very friendly guy.
Sami was a very hard-working guy.
Sami was a very influential guy.
Sami was a very intimidating guy.
Sami was a very kind person.
Sami was a very manipulative person.
Sami was a very naive boy.
Sami was a very rebellious teenager.
Sami was a very sensitive person.
Sami was a very social guy.
Sami was a very successful entrepreneur.
Sami was a very tough guy.
Sami was a very troubled teenager.
Sami was a very violent person.
Sami was a vicious killer.
Sami was a vicious malicious salesman.
Sami was a victim of Layla's manipulation.
Sami was a victim of abuse.
Sami was a victim of bullying.
Sami was a victim of chronic arsenic poisoning.
Sami was a victim.
Sami was a violent man.
Sami was a volunteer firefighter.
Sami was a waiter at an Indian restaurant.
Sami was a wealthy guy.
Sami was a wealthy rancher.
Sami was a web womanizer.
Sami was a weird guy.
Sami was a weirdo.
Sami was a well respected man.
Sami was a well-known sex offender.
Sami was a witch doctor.
Sami was a wonderful person.
Sami was a wonderful roommate.
Sami was a yoga teacher.
Sami was a young and impressionable teenager back then.
Sami was a young immature ignorant kid.
Sami was a young man with a bright future ahead of him.
Sami was a zombie. He didn't know what was going on.
Sami was abandoned by his Canadian father in Egypt.
Sami was abducted.
Sami was able to achieve his dream.
Sami was able to achieve his dreams.
Sami was able to bring Layla to safety.
Sami was able to convince people of his sincerity.
Sami was able to cope.
Sami was able to cross the Egyptian border.
Sami was able to direct the police to exactly where he had been held captive.
Sami was able to do this legally.
Sami was able to escape.
Sami was able to find Layla.
Sami was able to fix the computer.
Sami was able to fool Layla.
Sami was able to fully recover.
Sami was able to get his money back.
Sami was able to get over it.
Sami was able to get some help.
Sami was able to get throughout the house without anybody hearing him.
Sami was able to go to clubs.
Sami was able to go to college.
Sami was able to help Layla out.
Sami was able to help Layla.
Sami was able to learn a lot of things.
Sami was able to manipulate and deceive Layla.
Sami was able to manipulate women.
Sami was able to pack everything himself.
Sami was able to process it.
Sami was able to read the Quran in just a few days.
Sami was able to take Layla back to court.
Sami was able to think clearly.
Sami was able to travel to Egypt.
Sami was about Farid and Layla's age.
Sami was about a mile away.
Sami was about six.
Sami was about sixteen years old.
Sami was about to admit that.
Sami was about to be arrested by the FBI.
Sami was about to be sixteen and Layla was about to be twelve.
Sami was about to die.
Sami was about to end his own life.
Sami was about to explode.
Sami was about to fall asleep.
Sami was about to get in huge trouble.
Sami was about to get jumped.
Sami was about to go on vacation.
Sami was about to go somewhere.
Sami was about to go to a party.
Sami was about to go.
Sami was about to graduate.
Sami was about to have his party with his friends.
Sami was about to hit the doorbell.
Sami was about to jump.
Sami was about to leave.
Sami was about to lose his mind.
Sami was about to lose his shit.
Sami was about to move in with me.
Sami was about to pass the intersection.
Sami was about to play the biggest show of his career.
Sami was about to snap.
Sami was about to stand up.
Sami was about to start crying himself.
Sami was about to start crying.
Sami was about to talk.
Sami was about to throw up.
Sami was about to turn sixteen.
Sami was about to win the custody case.
Sami was absolutely certain Layla was dead.
Sami was absolutely disgusted.
Sami was absolutely enamored with Layla.
Sami was absolutely having an affair with his secretary.
Sami was absolutely in love with his next door neighbor.
Sami was absolutely mortified.
Sami was absolutely obsessed with Layla.
Sami was absolutely right.
Sami was absolutely shocked.
Sami was absolutely terrified.
Sami was abused by his mother.
Sami was abusing Layla and calling her every name in the book.
Sami was abusing Layla's space.
Sami was abusing Layla.
Sami was abusing his children.
Sami was abusing that girl.
Sami was abusing that lady.
Sami was abusive to Layla verbally and physically.
Sami was abusive towards Layla.
Sami was abusive.
Sami was accepted.
Sami was accused of an unusual crime.
Sami was accused of child abuse.
Sami was accused of embezzlement.
Sami was accused of infidelity with Farid's wife.
Sami was accused of killing Layla with antifreeze.
Sami was accused of lying.
Sami was accused of making the story up.
Sami was accused of physical assault.
Sami was accused of practising magic.
Sami was accused of raping a child.
Sami was accused of solicitation to commit murder.
Sami was accused of trying to jump a girl in school.
Sami was accustomed to getting his own way.
Sami was acquitted of murder.
Sami was acquitted of murdering his wife.
Sami was acquitted.
Sami was across the street, walking his dog.
Sami was acting a little bit different from Layla.
Sami was acting as Layla on Facebook.
Sami was acting crazy with his aunt.
Sami was acting fucking crazy.
Sami was acting like a zombie.
Sami was acting like he was drunk.
Sami was acting normal.
Sami was acting really weird again.
Sami was acting really weird.
Sami was acting so weird.
Sami was acting strangely from the start.
Sami was acting stupid.
Sami was acting super weird.
Sami was acting suspiciously.
Sami was acting weird.
Sami was active on Facebook.
Sami was actively stalking Layla.
Sami was actually annoyed.
Sami was actually doing a pretty good job.
Sami was actually pissed.
Sami was actually stalking Layla.
Sami was actually sweet.
Sami was actually terrified.
Sami was actually the mastermind behind the murder.
Sami was actually there.
Sami was adamant that he had never had sex with Layla.
Sami was addicted to Internet pornography.
Sami was addicted to acid.
Sami was addicted to cocaine.
Sami was addicted to drugs and facing divorce.
Sami was addicted to drugs.
Sami was addicted to gambling.
Sami was addicted to heroine.
Sami was addicted to ice cream.
Sami was addicted to methamphetamine.
Sami was addicted to online dating.
Sami was addicted to painkillers.
Sami was addicted to phone sex.
Sami was addicted to pornography.
Sami was addicted to sex.
Sami was addicted to social media.
Sami was addicted to studying Islam.
Sami was addicted to that game.
Sami was addicted to wealth.
Sami was addicted to weed.
Sami was adding a whole bunch of girls on Facebook.
Sami was adopted as an infant by Farid and Layla Bakir.
Sami was adopted by a wealthy businessman.
Sami was adopted into a loving home.
Sami was adopted.
Sami was adored and admired.
Sami was afraid Layla would laugh at him.
Sami was afraid for his life.
Sami was afraid his infidelity would be exposed.
Sami was afraid of Islam.
Sami was afraid of Layla's driving.
Sami was afraid of dragonflies.
Sami was afraid of failure.
Sami was afraid of getting caught.
Sami was afraid of heights.
Sami was afraid of losing Layla.
Sami was afraid of talking to Layla.
Sami was afraid of that guy.
Sami was afraid of that.
Sami was afraid of what Layla might do.
Sami was afraid to do that.
Sami was afraid to move.
Sami was afraid to speak up.
Sami was afraid to tell that story.
Sami was after Layla's money.
Sami was against it.
Sami was against that because of Layla's past.
Sami was against the hijab.
Sami was aggressive with his girlfriend.
Sami was alcoholic.
Sami was alive and well.
Sami was alive but barely breathing.
Sami was all Layla had left.
Sami was all alone.
Sami was all over the news.
Sami was all over the place.
Sami was all wet.
Sami was allergic to telling the truth.
Sami was allowed to change his identity.
Sami was allowed to come spend the night with Layla.
Sami was allowed to cremate his wife.
Sami was allowed to eat and pay later.
Sami was allowed to leave.
Sami was allowed to walk on his cast.
Sami was almost an adult.
Sami was almost crying.
Sami was almost like a father figure.
Sami was almost penalized for even existing.
Sami was almost scared of Layla.
Sami was almost six feet.
Sami was almost sixteen years old.
Sami was alone in his room.
Sami was alone in the bathroom.
Sami was alone in the house, upstairs.
Sami was alone in the house.
Sami was alone in the nursery.
Sami was alone on the island.
Sami was alone that night.
Sami was alone with Layla.
Sami was alone.
Sami was already a manager at McDonald's.
Sami was already a part of the step team.
Sami was already a worldwide celebrity.
Sami was already at work.
Sami was already dead before the fire had started.
Sami was already dead.
Sami was already enrolled.
Sami was already feeling really sick to his stomach.
Sami was already fired at the time.
Sami was already freaking out.
Sami was already full-blown drunk.
Sami was already gone.
Sami was already heading downstairs.
Sami was already in a bad room.
Sami was already late.
Sami was already making friends in school.
Sami was already my boss.
Sami was already on edge.
Sami was already on the rollercoaster.
Sami was already out of school.
Sami was already out.
Sami was already over the wall and down the road.
Sami was already pissed off.
Sami was already sitting there.
Sami was already sixteen years old.
Sami was already sixteen.
Sami was already so used to that happening.
Sami was already so used to that.
Sami was already suspicious.
Sami was already up.
Sami was alright.
Sami was also Egyptian.
Sami was also Mother's little helper.
Sami was also a Muslim.
Sami was also frustrated.
Sami was also greedy.
Sami was also heavy-set.
Sami was also in the car.
Sami was also one of them.
Sami was also scared.
Sami was also shy.
Sami was also super all.
Sami was also up early.
Sami was also very tall.
Sami was also watching.
Sami was also young.
Sami was always around Layla.
Sami was always asking for something.
Sami was always at the church that Layla used to go to.
Sami was always borrowing money.
Sami was always complaining about his job at the convenience store.
Sami was always complaining.
Sami was always complimenting Layla on her performances.
Sami was always dead serious.
Sami was always drinking.
Sami was always e-mailing people.
Sami was always eavesdropping on Layla.
Sami was always empty inside.
Sami was always firing and hiring employees.
Sami was always gambling.
Sami was always getting grounded for the stupidest shit.
Sami was always grounded.
Sami was always in that room.
Sami was always involved in drama.
Sami was always like that.
Sami was always listening to Christian radio stations.
Sami was always mean.
Sami was always nervous.
Sami was always smiling.
Sami was always so anxious.
Sami was always the center of my life.
Sami was always the last to know.
Sami was always trying Layla.
Sami was always trying different things.
Sami was always trying to be nice to Layla.
Sami was always trying to fight.
Sami was always trying to get Farid to fight him.
Sami was always very gentle with Layla.
Sami was always very nice.
Sami was always very secretive.
Sami was always with Layla.
Sami was always working.
Sami was amazingly calm and collected after he had shot Farid.
Sami was an Egyptian diplomat.
Sami was an Egyptian photographer.
Sami was an Egyptian shipping magnate.
Sami was an Evangelist.
Sami was an absolute mess.
Sami was an accused sex offender.
Sami was an active politician.
Sami was an actor struggling to make ends meet.
Sami was an adult.
Sami was an agent for the Mossad.
Sami was an alcoholic out of control.
Sami was an amazing athlete.
Sami was an amazing man.
Sami was an ambulance attendant.
Sami was an angel on earth.
Sami was an angel.
Sami was an animal trainer.
Sami was an arrogant person.
Sami was an arsonist.
Sami was an asshole to anybody.
Sami was an asshole.
Sami was an average student with a brilliant mind.
Sami was an avid weed smoker.
Sami was an awkward kid.
Sami was an awkward person.
Sami was an easy target.
Sami was an emotional wreck.
Sami was an emotionless person.
Sami was an engineer.
Sami was an evangelical missionary who converted to Islam.
Sami was an evil person.
Sami was an ex-gang member before he converted to Islam.
Sami was an example to be followed.
Sami was an excellent shooter.
Sami was an exception.
Sami was an experienced hunter.
Sami was an experienced liar.
Sami was an experienced photographer.
Sami was an experienced server.
Sami was an experienced technician.
Sami was an extraordinary child.
Sami was an extreme risk to the public.
Sami was an extremely abusive husband.
Sami was an extremely deep sleeper.
Sami was an extremely feminine boy.
Sami was an extremely nerdy and introvert kid.
Sami was an extremely violent husband.
Sami was an honest man.
Sami was an idiot on the Internet.
Sami was an idiot.
Sami was an illegal immigrant.
Sami was an important character in Layla's stories.
Sami was an incredible athlete.
Sami was an industrious individual.
Sami was an interpreter.
Sami was an introvert as a child.
Sami was an introvert.
Sami was an introverted person.
Sami was an investigator for the district attorney.
Sami was an invisible criminal.
Sami was an old black man.
Sami was an old man.
Sami was an online predator.
Sami was an online stalker.
Sami was an open and honest person.
Sami was an open-minded person.
Sami was an ordained minister in Egypt.
Sami was an ordinary Muslim.
Sami was an outcast.
Sami was an undercover police operative.
Sami was an undergraduate at Cairo University.
Sami was an uninvited guest.
Sami was angry about that.
Sami was angry at Layla.
Sami was angry at the world.
Sami was angry enough to kill.
Sami was angry that Layla quit the band.
Sami was angry with Layla.
Sami was angry.
Sami was annoyed as shit.
Sami was annoyed with a customer.
Sami was annoyed.
Sami was annoying Layla.
Sami was annoying the fuck out of me.
Sami was another candidate.
Sami was another employee at Layla's store.
Sami was answering those questions.
Sami was apologizing to Layla.
Sami was apologizing.
Sami was applying for jobs.
Sami was applying for that university.
Sami was applying for the army.
Sami was apprehensive about doing so.
Sami was apprehensive as he approached the door.
Sami was approached by a cop.
Sami was approaching his wedding.
Sami was arguing and yelling with somebody on the phone.
Sami was arguing on the phone.
Sami was arguing with Layla.
Sami was arguing with a girl.
Sami was arguing with me.
Sami was arguing with someone.
Sami was arguing with the gate agent.
Sami was armed with an assault rifle.
Sami was armed.
Sami was around Layla's age.
Sami was around a lot.
Sami was around fifteen or sixteen.
Sami was around good people.
Sami was around my age.
Sami was around sixteen at the time.
Sami was around the house.
Sami was arrested a year after the murder.
Sami was arrested and charged with felony murder.
Sami was arrested and charged with first degree murder.
Sami was arrested and charged with murder.
Sami was arrested and extradited to Egypt.
Sami was arrested and handcuffed.
Sami was arrested and offered no resistance.
Sami was arrested and spent the night in jail.
Sami was arrested for arson.
Sami was arrested for attempting to kill Layla by the use of arsenic.
Sami was arrested for carrying a penknife.
Sami was arrested for cocaine possession.
Sami was arrested for domestic assault.
Sami was arrested for domestic violence six times.
Sami was arrested for driving without a license.
Sami was arrested for grand theft.
Sami was arrested for kidnapping Layla.
Sami was arrested for rape.
Sami was arrested for shoplifting.
Sami was arrested for something minor.
Sami was arrested for the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami was arrested for twenty-six counts of child pornography based on computer evidence.
Sami was arrested in his Al Capone costume on Halloween.
Sami was arrested in the middle of the night.
Sami was arrested on his sister's wedding day.
Sami was arrested on his wedding day.
Sami was arrested on the spot.
Sami was arrested soon after.
Sami was arrested thanks to Layla's bravery.
Sami was arrested three days later.
Sami was arrested with his girlfriend.
Sami was arrested without incident.
Sami was arrested, tortured, and even got his ass smacked.
Sami was arrested, tried and convicted of arson.
Sami was arrested.
Sami was as cold-blooded as his brother.
Sami was as good on crutches as he was on his own feet.
Sami was as quiet as fuck.
Sami was as white as a sheet.
Sami was ashamed.
Sami was asked if he would place Farid in the ground.
Sami was asked to come back.
Sami was asked to go undercover.
Sami was asked to step out of the car.
Sami was asked to take his YouTube video down.
Sami was asking Layla about her bike.
Sami was asking Layla about her little sister.
Sami was asking Layla all types of rude questions.
Sami was asking Layla for money all the time.
Sami was asking Layla for money.
Sami was asking Layla question.
Sami was asking Layla questions about her life.
Sami was asking Layla strange questions.
Sami was asking a lot of questions about Islam.
Sami was asking a lot of questions about the liquors.
Sami was asking about his dog.
Sami was asking how much everything cost.
Sami was asking more questions.
Sami was asking questions about the menu.
Sami was asking questions.
Sami was asleep in bed.
Sami was asleep in his own bedroom.
Sami was asleep on the couch by himself.
Sami was asleep on the couch.
Sami was asleep on the living room sofa.
Sami was asleep.
Sami was assaulted while he was walking in the park alone at night.
Sami was assaulted.
Sami was assigned a seat on that plane.
Sami was assigned to a homeless shelter.
Sami was assigned to the Cairo office.
Sami was assigned to this group.
Sami was assisting customers.
Sami was asthmatic.
Sami was astonished at the verdict.
Sami was astounded by what he found in the Quran.
Sami was at Layla's apartment.
Sami was at Layla's home Saturday afternoon.
Sami was at Layla's house every single day.
Sami was at Layla's house today.
Sami was at Layla's party.
Sami was at Layla's place, drinking.
Sami was at a bachelor party.
Sami was at a birthday party.
Sami was at a convenience store.
Sami was at a crossroads.
Sami was at a fisherman's campground.
Sami was at a local bar.
Sami was at a networking event.
Sami was at a new school.
Sami was at a party.
Sami was at a pet store.
Sami was at a resort.
Sami was at a shitty school.
Sami was at a singles' bar.
Sami was at a table with Layla.
Sami was at a whore house.
Sami was at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami was at an Indian restaurant.
Sami was at an engagement party.
Sami was at her house.
Sami was at high school.
Sami was at his desk.
Sami was at his girlfriend's birthday party.
Sami was at his house with his baby son.
Sami was at his house, waiting for Layla.
Sami was at his locker with Layla.
Sami was at his locker.
Sami was at his mom's house.
Sami was at his uncle's place.
Sami was at home all night.
Sami was at home with Layla.
Sami was at lunch with Layla.
Sami was at odds with Layla.
Sami was at peace with everything in his life.
Sami was at peace with what he was doing.
Sami was at risk.
Sami was at school.
Sami was at that party and he didn't even know the person who was getting engaged.
Sami was at that party by himself.
Sami was at the art institute.
Sami was at the bank.
Sami was at the beach.
Sami was at the bus station.
Sami was at the bus stop, waiting.
Sami was at the corner store.
Sami was at the counter.
Sami was at the doctor's office.
Sami was at the end of the row.
Sami was at the front desk.
Sami was at the funeral.
Sami was at the mall.
Sami was at the opposite end of the house.
Sami was at the party.
Sami was at the police station.
Sami was at the repair shop.
Sami was at the scene of the murder.
Sami was at the shopping center.
Sami was at the site this morning.
Sami was at the table.
Sami was at the top of his class.
Sami was at the top of the command structure.
Sami was at the wrong place, at the wrong time.
Sami was at work and bored.
Sami was at work that evening.
Sami was at work when Layla called him.
Sami was at work.
Sami was attached to his lifestyle.
Sami was attacked by a cougar.
Sami was attacked by a group of masked men.
Sami was attacked by a hippo.
Sami was attacked by a massive bear.
Sami was attacked by a pitbull.
Sami was attacked from behind by Layla.
Sami was attempting to turn around.
Sami was attracted by Arabic calligraphy.
Sami was attracted by Jenny's Southern charm.
Sami was attracted by Satanism.
Sami was attracted right back into Layla's orbit.
Sami was attracted to Layla.
Sami was attracted to biracial girls.
Sami was attracted to me.
Sami was attracted to the life of vampirism.
Sami was attracted to this.
Sami was attractive.
Sami was auditioned for a show.
Sami was avoiding Layla.
Sami was awaiting trial.
Sami was awake a hundred percent.
Sami was awake but he couldn't move.
Sami was awake.
Sami was awakened by the voice of his mother shouting from the bathroom.
Sami was aware that he could hurt people.
Sami was away from his family for the first time in his life.
Sami was away from his family.
Sami was away from work.
Sami was babysitting Layla's daughter.
Sami was babysitting all those kids.
Sami was babysitting the kids.
Sami was back at work.
Sami was back for Layla.
Sami was back from the health center.
Sami was back from work.
Sami was back home living with Layla in Cairo.
Sami was back home.
Sami was back in Layla's life.
Sami was back in bed.
Sami was back in hell.
Sami was back in high school.
Sami was back in his hometown.
Sami was back in his office.
Sami was back in the house.
Sami was back in town mid-semester.
Sami was back on his board six weeks later.
Sami was back on stage.
Sami was back there.
Sami was back to drinking and using drugs.
Sami was back to his Western ways.
Sami was back to his old ways.
Sami was back to normal alright.
Sami was back to normal.
Sami was back to square one.
Sami was back.
Sami was backtalking his manager.
Sami was baffled.
Sami was banging a frying pan.
Sami was banging on Layla's window.
Sami was banging on people's doors.
Sami was banging on the bathroom door.
Sami was banging on the door so hard.
Sami was banging on the door.
Sami was banging so loud.
Sami was banned from college.
Sami was banned from that school.
Sami was barbecuing in a park.
Sami was barely alive.
Sami was barking at Layla verbally and loud.
Sami was bartending.
Sami was basically unresponsive.
Sami was basking in attention.
Sami was battling a heroine addiction.
Sami was battling lung cancer.
Sami was bawling crying.
Sami was bawling his eyes out.
Sami was bawling.
Sami was beaten down mentally.
Sami was beaten enough.
Sami was beaten then strangled.
Sami was beaten up in the boys' bathroom.
Sami was beaten with a heavy belt.
Sami was beaten.
Sami was beating Farid's ass.
Sami was beating Layla.
Sami was beating the fuck out of Farid's ass.
Sami was beating the fuck out of Layla.
Sami was beating the shit out of Farid's ass.
Sami was bedridden for some time.
Sami was been hired here.
Sami was beeping his horn outside.
Sami was begging Layla to get back together.
Sami was begging Layla to stay with him.
Sami was begging for his life.
Sami was begging me to come and stay with him at his house.
Sami was begging me.
Sami was begging.
Sami was beginning a new life.
Sami was behind Layla.
Sami was behind a computer screen.
Sami was behind a curtain.
Sami was behind bars again.
Sami was behind bars.
Sami was behind his desk.
Sami was behind me, rubbing my back.
Sami was behind me.
Sami was behind that girl.
Sami was behind the bar.
Sami was behind the counter.
Sami was behind the desk.
Sami was behind the door.
Sami was behind the register.
Sami was being a clown.
Sami was being a fucking creep.
Sami was being a little sketchy with Layla.
Sami was being aggressive.
Sami was being an asshole.
Sami was being brainwashed by the guru.
Sami was being bullied in the hallway.
Sami was being bullied.
Sami was being casual with his students.
Sami was being catfished.
Sami was being charged with second degree murder.
Sami was being cheated on.
Sami was being disrespectful to the teacher.
Sami was being dramatic.
Sami was being fleeced by his personal caregiver.
Sami was being followed by a crazy stalker.
Sami was being followed.
Sami was being friendly.
Sami was being funny.
Sami was being gentlemanly to Layla.
Sami was being harassed.
Sami was being held against his will.
Sami was being held hostage for a whole month.
Sami was being honest with me.
Sami was being ignored.
Sami was being immature, too.
Sami was being killed.
Sami was being mean to Layla.
Sami was being nasty.
Sami was being paranoid.
Sami was being petty.
Sami was being polite.
Sami was being prejudiced.
Sami was being quiet.
Sami was being real.
Sami was being really disrespectful.
Sami was being really nice to the kids.
Sami was being really weird with that girl.
Sami was being seen as a desirable young man by his female classmates.
Sami was being serious.
Sami was being sexual with other girls.
Sami was being smacked in his face.
Sami was being so belligerent.
Sami was being so careful.
Sami was being so elusive.
Sami was being so fricking negative.
Sami was being so mean to me.
Sami was being stalked.
Sami was being super nice.
Sami was being super stand-offish.
Sami was being tortured.
Sami was being uncooperative.
Sami was being unfaithful.
Sami was being very quiet.
Sami was being very rude.
Sami was being watched.
Sami was being weird.
Sami was bending Layla's fingers back.
Sami was berating Layla.
Sami was best friends with Farid.
Sami was betrayed in a very bad way.
Sami was better looking.
Sami was big and handsome.
Sami was biologically male.
Sami was biracial as well.
Sami was biracial.
Sami was birthday-obsessed.
Sami was bisexual.
Sami was bitten by a camel.
Sami was bitten by a dog.
Sami was bitten by a viper.
Sami was black and didn't look like anybody there.
Sami was black.
Sami was blaming me for something I couldn't control.
Sami was blaring that song.
Sami was blaring the music.
Sami was blasted several times with a shotgun.
Sami was blasted with a shotgun.
Sami was blatantly indifferent.
Sami was bleeding badly.
Sami was bleeding everywhere.
Sami was bleeding so much from his nose.
Sami was bleeding to death.
Sami was bleeding.
Sami was blessed with a vibrant and growing career.
Sami was blind.
Sami was blinded by love.
Sami was blinking.
Sami was blocked by Layla.
Sami was blocked from my Facebook page.
Sami was blogging.
Sami was blowing smoke at Layla's ass.
Sami was bludgeoned beyond recognition.
Sami was bludgeoned with a baseball bat.
Sami was bored and restless.
Sami was bored.
Sami was born Muslim.
Sami was born a long time after I deserted Layla. He's not my son.
Sami was born a she.
Sami was born and raised Muslim.
Sami was born and raised by Layla in his native Egypt.
Sami was born and raised in Cairo.
Sami was born and raised in that town.
Sami was born and raised on the quiet streets of a small town.
Sami was born before Layla.
Sami was born for something different.
Sami was born in Cairo and he's Jewish.
Sami was born in Cairo in 1996.
Sami was born in Canada to Egyptian parents.
Sami was born in Egypt and grew up in Toronto, Ontario.
Sami was born in Egypt.
Sami was born in Toronto, Ontario.
Sami was born in Waco, Texas.
Sami was born in a rural community.
Sami was born in the Philippines.
Sami was born into a large and loving family in Cairo, Egypt.
Sami was born into a life of privilege.
Sami was born into a very wealthy family.
Sami was born into the Hindu religion.
Sami was born into this Satanic cult.
Sami was born into this religion.
Sami was born of incest.
Sami was born out of an affair.
Sami was born out of wedlock in Egypt.
Sami was born sixty years ago in Cairo, Egypt.
Sami was born to a Christian household.
Sami was born to teenaged parents.
Sami was born when Egypt got its independence.
Sami was born with a birth mark on his right thigh.
Sami was born with a silver spoon.
Sami was born with both genitals.
Sami was born with spina bifida. He was paralyzed from the waist down.
Sami was borrowing from his brother for a long time.
Sami was bossing Layla around the entire night.
Sami was bossing Layla around.
Sami was bothered by Layla's presence.
Sami was bothered by something.
Sami was bothered.
Sami was bothering Layla.
Sami was boujee.
Sami was bragging about that.
Sami was bragging all the time.
Sami was braking but the brakes didn't work.
Sami was brave.
Sami was breathing a sigh of relief.
Sami was breathing heavily into the phone.
Sami was breathing heavily.
Sami was breathing on Layla.
Sami was briefed by police.
Sami was broke as fuck.
Sami was broke.
Sami was broken because of Layla's affair.
Sami was brought back into the courtroom.
Sami was brought back to justice.
Sami was brought in for a handwriting test.
Sami was brought in for questioning.
Sami was brought into the clinic.
Sami was brought into the police station and questioned.
Sami was brought into the police station.
Sami was brought to the station for questioning.
Sami was brought up Muslim.
Sami was brought up a Baptist Christian.
Sami was brought up in a loving Christian family.
Sami was brought up in a religious environment.
Sami was browsing the internet.
Sami was brushing Layla's hair.
Sami was brushing his camel.
Sami was brushing his hair.
Sami was brushing in hair in the car.
Sami was brushing my hair.
Sami was brutally attacked.
Sami was brutally murdered.
Sami was brutally stabbed by Layla.
Sami was building a car in his garage.
Sami was building a good relationship with Layla.
Sami was building a relationship back with his father.
Sami was building the house as a rental unit.
Sami was bullied all the time.
Sami was bullied by boys.
Sami was bullied for his acne.
Sami was bullied in his old school.
Sami was bullied in school.
Sami was bullied.
Sami was bullying Layla's brother in high school.
Sami was bullying Layla, too.
Sami was bullying Layla.
Sami was bullying black kids.
Sami was bullying girls.
Sami was bullying me.
Sami was bullying that girl.
Sami was bullying that lady.
Sami was bullying that little girl.
Sami was bullying the little girl.
Sami was buried in a cemetery outside Cairo.
Sami was buried in a family plot.
Sami was buried in a shallow grave.
Sami was buried in a very secluded place.
Sami was buried in an unmarked grave.
Sami was buried in this small cemetery.
Sami was buried there.
Sami was burned beyond recognition.
Sami was burned while he was in a coma.
Sami was burping all the time.
Sami was busy at work.
Sami was busy outside.
Sami was busy preparing his speech.
Sami was busy reviving his movie career.
Sami was buying Layla shots.
Sami was buying and selling cars.
Sami was buying and selling used cars.
Sami was buying ice cream and cakes for the party.
Sami was buying more used cars.
Sami was buying things to make himself appear greater than he was in real life.
Sami was called by a customer.
Sami was called down to the office.
Sami was called names.
Sami was called the "Gentleman Robber."
Sami was called there.
Sami was called to the stand.
Sami was calling Layla all kinds of fucking names.
Sami was calling Layla every five minutes.
Sami was calling Layla every name in the book.
Sami was calling Layla names.
Sami was calling Layla.
Sami was calling his cat.
Sami was calling his mom.
Sami was calling me by my apartment number.
Sami was calling me on my phone.
Sami was calling me.
Sami was calling out Layla's name.
Sami was calling people.
Sami was calling security.
Sami was callous to the end.
Sami was calm and collected.
Sami was capable of doing so.
Sami was captivated by Layla's child-like charms.
Sami was captured on camera stealing a box of latex gloves.
Sami was careful around Layla's dog.
Sami was careful not to wake his wife.
Sami was careful.
Sami was caressing Layla's hair.
Sami was carrying a book about Islam in his bag.
Sami was carrying a gun.
Sami was carrying a gym bag.
Sami was carrying a large cup.
Sami was carrying a weapon.
Sami was carrying on his life.
Sami was carrying something.
Sami was casted for the show.
Sami was caught and brought back to the interrogation room.
Sami was caught at a hospital pretending to be a doctor.
Sami was caught by his stepfather sneaking out.
Sami was caught drinking.
Sami was caught in 2006.
Sami was caught in Layla's house.
Sami was caught in a fierce storm.
Sami was caught in a weird love triangle.
Sami was caught in an elaborate sting.
Sami was caught in the act of doing something.
Sami was caught in the act.
Sami was caught off guard.
Sami was caught on camera.
Sami was caught selling weed in school.
Sami was caught smoking weed in a public place.
Sami was caught smoking weed.
Sami was caught sneaking out.
Sami was caught trying to steal Layla's car.
Sami was caught within Layla's web.
Sami was caught.
Sami was causing Layla problems.
Sami was causing a scene.
Sami was causing even more issues.
Sami was causing nothing but problems.
Sami was causing such a scene at the party.
Sami was celebrating a new relationship with girlfriend Layla.
Sami was celebrating his birthday.
Sami was certain he knew who was responsible for Layla's death.
Sami was certain that his relationship with Layla was going to end.
Sami was certainly attracted to Layla and the feeling was mutual.
Sami was chained to the radiator.
Sami was changing in the locker room.
Sami was changing poses.
Sami was charged as an accessory to murder.
Sami was charged extra.
Sami was charged of attempted murder of his own daughter.
Sami was charged with aggravated arson.
Sami was charged with arson and murder.
Sami was charged with arson.
Sami was charged with assault and rape.
Sami was charged with assault.
Sami was charged with attempted murder.
Sami was charged with first degree homicide.
Sami was charged with first degree murder.
Sami was charged with manslaughter.
Sami was charged with murder in the second degree.
Sami was charged with murder.
Sami was charged with setting fire to federal land.
Sami was charged with six counts of first degree murder.
Sami was charged with six counts of murder.
Sami was charged with starting the fire.
Sami was charged with the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami was charged with the murder of his roommate.
Sami was charged with voluntary manslaughter.
Sami was charming and caring.
Sami was charming, cultured, and successful.
Sami was chasing Layla.
Sami was chasing after Layla.
Sami was chatting in the middle of the night.
Sami was chatting with Layla.
Sami was chatting with a minor.
Sami was chatting with friends.
Sami was chatting with his friends.
Sami was cheated on.
Sami was cheating and flirting.
Sami was cheating on Layla with a sixteen year old girl.
Sami was cheating on Layla.
Sami was cheating on his ex.
Sami was cheating on his girlfriend.
Sami was cheating on his wife.
Sami was cheating on me.
Sami was cheating.
Sami was checking ID's.
Sami was checking every stall for toilet paper.
Sami was checking his bag.
Sami was checking his e-mail.
Sami was checking his e-mails.
Sami was checking his phone intermittently.
Sami was checking his phone.
Sami was checking his tires.
Sami was checking that e-mail.
Sami was checking the door.
Sami was checking the living room.
Sami was checking the rooms.
Sami was checking the tickets.
Sami was childish.
Sami was chilling at Layla's house.
Sami was chilling at the bus stop.
Sami was chilling at the house.
Sami was chilling with a bunch of white rednecks.
Sami was chilling with a couple of his friends.
Sami was chilling with his friends.
Sami was chilling with that girl.
Sami was chilling with that other girl.
Sami was chilling with this girl.
Sami was chilling.
Sami was chiming in as well.
Sami was choking Layla hard as fuck.
Sami was choking Layla.
Sami was choking on water.
Sami was chopping apples.
Sami was chronically unemployed.
Sami was chubby and kind of nerdy.
Sami was circumcised at the age of 6.
Sami was clapping.
Sami was clean.
Sami was cleaning dishes.
Sami was cleaning his gun.
Sami was cleaning the house.
Sami was cleaning up Layla's shit.
Sami was cleaning up after himself.
Sami was cleaning up his Instagram.
Sami was cleaning up the kitchen.
Sami was cleaning upstairs.
Sami was cleaning.
Sami was cleansy clean.
Sami was cleared of murder.
Sami was clearly frustrated.
Sami was clearly in love.
Sami was clearly on the right path.
Sami was climbing the ladder.
Sami was clipping his nails.
Sami was close to Layla.
Sami was close with the manager.
Sami was close-by, waiting patiently for Layla to finish talking with her girlfriends.
Sami was close.
Sami was closed off from the world.
Sami was clutching a cup of tea.
Sami was coaching Layla.
Sami was coaching the team.
Sami was cold.
Sami was collecting money from the local prostitutes.
Sami was college-educated.
Sami was coloring.
Sami was comfortable doing that.
Sami was comfortable mixing with high society.
Sami was coming across the street.
Sami was coming all the way from Cairo to see Layla.
Sami was coming all the way to see Layla.
Sami was coming at Layla when she shot him.
Sami was coming at me.
Sami was coming back.
Sami was coming down the stairs.
Sami was coming down the street.
Sami was coming for you.
Sami was coming from that coffee shop.
Sami was coming from there.
Sami was coming home from school.
Sami was coming in the opposite direction.
Sami was coming into work.
Sami was coming of age.
Sami was coming on Saturday.
Sami was coming onto me and I told him to stop it.
Sami was coming onto me.
Sami was coming over.
Sami was coming to Arabic class.
Sami was coming to pick me up.
Sami was coming to the office.
Sami was coming towards Layla.
Sami was coming.
Sami was commenting on Layla's breasts.
Sami was communicating with Layla on a personal level.
Sami was comparing Layla to his wife.
Sami was competing with other candidates.
Sami was complaining about how fat he was.
Sami was complaining about how miserably cold he was.
Sami was complaining about that.
Sami was complaining that it was too hot in the car.
Sami was completely alone in that big house.
Sami was completely caught off guard.
Sami was completely confused.
Sami was completely devoted to his Satanist master.
Sami was completely different.
Sami was completely dumbfounded.
Sami was completely emotionless.
Sami was completely independent.
Sami was completely on edge.
Sami was completely shocked.
Sami was completely silent.
Sami was completely stunned.
Sami was completely unaware of the insatiable greed driving Layla.
Sami was completely unaware that Layla and Majid were secretly dating.
Sami was concerned about Layla.
Sami was concerned for Layla.
Sami was concerned that his father wasn't there.
Sami was concerned.
Sami was conducting a meeting.
Sami was conducting business as usual while his wife was missing.
Sami was confidential about this.
Sami was confused by Layla's erratic behavior.
Sami was confused, too.
Sami was confused.
Sami was connected to that unsolved murder.
Sami was connected to the disappearance of Layla Bakir.
Sami was connected to the internet.
Sami was conned.
Sami was conscious enough to drive home.
Sami was conscious enough to drive to the hospital.
Sami was considered a celebrity.
Sami was considered a great teacher.
Sami was considering divorce.
Sami was consistently running away from his father.
Sami was constantly busy.
Sami was constantly complaining to Layla about his job at the convenience store.
Sami was constantly crazy.
Sami was constantly fucking up.
Sami was constantly offering drinks to his guests.
Sami was constantly surrounded by Muslims.
Sami was consumed by the argument he had had with Layla that morning.
Sami was consumed by what had happened that morning.
Sami was contacted by Al-Jazeera.
Sami was contacted by Layla's mother.
Sami was contacted by Layla.
Sami was contacted from a fake account.
Sami was controlling at times.
Sami was conversing with Layla.
Sami was convicted and sentenced to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Sami was convicted as an accessory to the murder of Layla.
Sami was convicted for abuse of a corpse.
Sami was convicted of capital murder.
Sami was convicted of conspiracy to murder.
Sami was convicted of double murder.
Sami was convicted of impersonating an Egyptian diplomat.
Sami was convicted of killing a jeweler.
Sami was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
Sami was convicted of murder.
Sami was convicted of six homicides.
Sami was convicted on two counts of capital murder.
Sami was convicted.
Sami was convinced Layla did not die from natural causes.
Sami was convinced Layla had been cheating on him.
Sami was convinced for a fact that the house was haunted.
Sami was convinced that Farid was a serial killer.
Sami was convinced that Layla no longer wanted to kill him.
Sami was convinced that Layla was having an affair.
Sami was convinced that Layla was the killer.
Sami was convinced the attacker was a mugger.
Sami was convulsing.
Sami was cooking early in the morning.
Sami was cooking.
Sami was cool as shit.
Sami was cool with Layla.
Sami was cool with those people.
Sami was cool, calm, and collected.
Sami was cooling his heels in Sharm al-Sheikh.
Sami was cornered.
Sami was coughing.
Sami was counting the beads of his rosary.
Sami was court martialled in the military for having an affair.
Sami was covered in blood and traumatized.
Sami was covered in blood.
Sami was covered in chills.
Sami was covered in tattoos and body piercings.
Sami was covered with blood.
Sami was covering Layla's shifts.
Sami was covering for Layla.
Sami was covering things up.
Sami was cracking his fingers.
Sami was craving affection.
Sami was crawling towards Layla.
Sami was crazy about Layla.
Sami was crazy as hell.
Sami was crazy in love.
Sami was crazy.
Sami was creeped out, to say the least.
Sami was creeped out.
Sami was cremated and his ashes were scattered at a lake.
Sami was cross-dressing.
Sami was cross-examined.
Sami was crossing the street.
Sami was crouching down.
Sami was cruel.
Sami was crumbling under the pressure.
Sami was crumpling the bag.
Sami was crushed to death under a pickup truck.
Sami was crushed.
Sami was crying a lot.
Sami was crying about his ex-girlfriend.
Sami was crying and screaming his father's name.
Sami was crying and yelling in the next room.
Sami was crying every night.
Sami was crying for no reason.
Sami was crying in front of me.
Sami was crying in the car.
Sami was crying like a baby.
Sami was crying on his way to the bathroom.
Sami was crying on the beach.
Sami was crying so hard.
Sami was crying uncontrollably.
Sami was crying while he was throwing up.
Sami was crying.
Sami was curious about this girl.
Sami was curious.
Sami was cursing at the waitress.
Sami was cursing out.
Sami was cursing.
Sami was cussing Layla out.
Sami was cussing Layla.
Sami was cussing at Farid's sister.
Sami was cussing in front of my mom.
Sami was cussing me and this is not very Christian-like to me.
Sami was cut across the neck.
Sami was cut badly.
Sami was cyber-dating another woman.
Sami was dabbling in pornography.
Sami was dancing at the club.
Sami was dancing naked.
Sami was dancing on the beach.
Sami was dancing on the dance floor.
Sami was dancing to that song.
Sami was dancing to that very crazy music.
Sami was dancing.
Sami was dangerous to himself.
Sami was dating 19-year-old Layla.
Sami was dating Farid's ex-girlfriend.
Sami was dating Farid's girlfriend.
Sami was dating Layla at the time.
Sami was dating Layla's best friend.
Sami was dating Layla's friend.
Sami was dating Layla's sister.
Sami was dating Layla.
Sami was dating a chubby girl.
Sami was dating a few girls, but nothing serious.
Sami was dating a girl before Layla.
Sami was dating a girl named Layla.
Sami was dating a girl that worked with us.
Sami was dating a girl.
Sami was dating a minor.
Sami was dating a sophomore.
Sami was dating a stripper.
Sami was dating a teenager.
Sami was dating a twerker.
Sami was dating a white girl.
Sami was dating a woman named Layla.
Sami was dating again.
Sami was dating an Egyptian girl.
Sami was dating an ex.
Sami was dating another girl.
Sami was dating her.
Sami was dating his manager.
Sami was dating one of the most popular girls in school.
Sami was dating other girls.
Sami was dating someone else.
Sami was dating that bitch.
Sami was dating the teacher's daughter.
Sami was dating this girl.
Sami was dating.
Sami was dead in his sleeping bag.
Sami was dead on the floor.
Sami was dead worried about Layla.
Sami was dead.
Sami was dealing drugs.
Sami was dealing with financial issues.
Sami was dealing with some emotional difficulties.
Sami was decapitated, his heart cut out.
Sami was deceitful.
Sami was deceiving Layla.
Sami was declared missing.
Sami was deeply paranoid and in need of help.
Sami was deeply unstable.
Sami was deer hunting in Alaska.
Sami was defending Layla.
Sami was definitely afraid.
Sami was definitely fucked up in the head.
Sami was dehydrated.
Sami was delighted.
Sami was denied parole.
Sami was dependent on his dog.
Sami was dependent upon his daughter, Layla.
Sami was depressed.
Sami was depressive.
Sami was described as a beloved pastor by his congregation.
Sami was described as a quiet guy.
Sami was desperate enough to try that.
Sami was desperate for answers.
Sami was desperate for cash.
Sami was desperate for money.
Sami was desperate to flee his abusive family.
Sami was desperate to get his girlfriend back.
Sami was desperate to keep his family above water.
Sami was desperate to make his relationship with Layla work.
Sami was desperate.
Sami was desperately in love with Layla.
Sami was desperately lonely.
Sami was desperately looking for someone to help him.
Sami was destroyed.
Sami was detained twice.
Sami was determined to build a successful life for him in Canada.
Sami was determined to confront the problem head on.
Sami was determined to execute Layla's will.
Sami was determined to keep his children.
Sami was determined to kill.
Sami was determined to restore his sister's honor.
Sami was determined to try.
Sami was determined to win Layla back.
Sami was devastated by his son's actions.
Sami was devastated.
Sami was developing an even more dangerous habit.
Sami was devious and manipulative.
Sami was devoted to helping other people improve their lives.
Sami was devoted to the cult.
Sami was diabolically evil.
Sami was diagnosed as a narcissist.
Sami was diagnosed as a teenager with bipolar disorder.
Sami was diagnosed with acute depression.
Sami was diagnosed with cancer.
Sami was digging holes in his backyard.
Sami was digging up his yard with an excavator.
Sami was direct and unapologetic about his opinions.
Sami was directly behind me.
Sami was directly in front of me.
Sami was dirty as fuck.
Sami was disappointed in Layla.
Sami was disappointed.
Sami was discharged from his treatment program.
Sami was discharged from the military.
Sami was disconnected from his wife.
Sami was discovered by an agent.
Sami was discovered face down in a shallow grave.
Sami was discovering the country.
Sami was discriminated against.
Sami was disgusted with Layla's behavior.
Sami was disgusted with Layla.
Sami was disgusted with that girl.
Sami was disorganized.
Sami was disowned by his family.
Sami was disowned by his parents.
Sami was disrespectful to Layla.
Sami was disrespecting his boss.
Sami was disrespecting his girlfriend.
Sami was disrespecting his principal.
Sami was disrespecting his teacher.
Sami was disrespecting the principal.
Sami was disrespecting the teacher.
Sami was distracted.
Sami was distraught.
Sami was disturbed enough by this.
Sami was divorced.
Sami was doing Internet porn with his girlfriend.
Sami was doing Uber.
Sami was doing YouTube.
Sami was doing a cleaning job.
Sami was doing a dangerous job.
Sami was doing a lot of LSD at the time.
Sami was doing a model walk.
Sami was doing a pretty good job.
Sami was doing a project for school.
Sami was doing a puzzle.
Sami was doing a very good job.
Sami was doing amateur porn.
Sami was doing cocaine at work.
Sami was doing drugs in Layla's room.
Sami was doing drugs on the premises.
Sami was doing drugs with Layla.
Sami was doing drugs with a prostitute.
Sami was doing drugs.
Sami was doing everything Layla wanted him to do.
Sami was doing everything on his own and he liked it that way.
Sami was doing everything online.
Sami was doing everything.
Sami was doing great in the social media department.
Sami was doing his Christmas shopping.
Sami was doing his best.
Sami was doing his homework.
Sami was doing his job on the computer.
Sami was doing his lingerie.
Sami was doing his own shit.
Sami was doing his own thing.
Sami was doing his residency at a local hospital.
Sami was doing his shift.
Sami was doing his shit.
Sami was doing his thing.
Sami was doing it.
Sami was doing live chats.
Sami was doing paperwork.
Sami was doing really well.
Sami was doing shit like that.
Sami was doing shopping.
Sami was doing sit-ups on the floor.
Sami was doing some crazy shit with that girl.
Sami was doing some creepy shit.
Sami was doing some worksheets.
Sami was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
Sami was doing something illegal.
Sami was doing something in the bathroom.
Sami was doing something on his phone.
Sami was doing something right.
Sami was doing something stupid.
Sami was doing something weird.
Sami was doing something.
Sami was doing step.
Sami was doing that around the kids.
Sami was doing that at the time.
Sami was doing that for Layla.
Sami was doing that for his daughters.
Sami was doing that in good faith.
Sami was doing that job.
Sami was doing that, too.
Sami was doing that.
Sami was doing the damn thing.
Sami was doing the work so quickly.
Sami was doing this in front of his parents.
Sami was doing this to other children.
Sami was doing this to other kids.
Sami was doing this.
Sami was doing weird shit.
Sami was dominating Layla's life.
Sami was done doing those videos.
Sami was done fighting.
Sami was done getting ready.
Sami was done in time.
Sami was done peeing.
Sami was done processing the payment.
Sami was done speaking to Layla.
Sami was done taking pictures.
Sami was done there.
Sami was done using the toilet.
Sami was done with his presentation.
Sami was done with his work.
Sami was done with this.
Sami was done working there.
Sami was done.
Sami was down on his luck that night.
Sami was down on his luck.
Sami was downing and downing coffee.
Sami was downloading porn videos.
Sami was downstairs as well.
Sami was downstairs.
Sami was dozing on a sofa.
Sami was drawn to Layla's sweet, simple nature.
Sami was dreading this whole thing.
Sami was drenched head to toe.
Sami was dressed as a woman.
Sami was dressed in black pants and a gray hoodie.
Sami was dressed in black.
Sami was dressed in cowboy attire.
Sami was dressed in his costume.
Sami was dressed in his pajamas.
Sami was dressed in his work attire.
Sami was dressed in tactical gear.
Sami was dressed really casual.
Sami was dressed really nice.
Sami was drifting off.
Sami was drinking a drink that looked like a cocktail but it didn't have alcohol in it.
Sami was drinking a glass of ros.
Sami was drinking a little bit.
Sami was drinking a lot of coffee.
Sami was drinking a lot.
Sami was drinking alcohol from an unmarked bottle.
Sami was drinking alcohol.
Sami was drinking all the lemonade at the restaurant.
Sami was drinking antifreeze.
Sami was drinking his drink.
Sami was drinking his water.
Sami was drinking in the bathroom.
Sami was drinking most of the alcohol.
Sami was drinking some stuff.
Sami was drinking some tea.
Sami was drinking tea.
Sami was drinking tequila.
Sami was drinking vodka.
Sami was drinking water.
Sami was drinking wine in his car.
Sami was drinking wine.
Sami was drinking with Layla.
Sami was drinking with his friend.
Sami was drinking with me.
Sami was drinking with us.
Sami was drinking.
Sami was driven back to his apartment.
Sami was driven to his house.
Sami was driven to kill by his wife's behavior.
Sami was driven to make his vision be reality.
Sami was driving Layla home.
Sami was driving Layla to the gas station.
Sami was driving Layla's car.
Sami was driving a Ford Focus.
Sami was driving a Vespa.
Sami was driving a cab.
Sami was driving a car.
Sami was driving a church bus.
Sami was driving a horse and carriage.
Sami was driving a huge minivan.
Sami was driving a motorcycle.
Sami was driving a taxi.
Sami was driving a white Mitsubishi.
Sami was driving across the meadow.
Sami was driving across town.
Sami was driving alone.
Sami was driving an 18-wheeler.
Sami was driving an old car.
Sami was driving and swerving all over the road.
Sami was driving around, looking for Layla.
Sami was driving away.
Sami was driving backwards down the street.
Sami was driving backwards, following Layla's car.
Sami was driving backwards.
Sami was driving by.
Sami was driving down the driveway.
Sami was driving down the street.
Sami was driving his car.
Sami was driving his own car.
Sami was driving home from the gym.
Sami was driving home.
Sami was driving in the dirt.
Sami was driving into a really nice neighborhood.
Sami was driving me crazy.
Sami was driving me home.
Sami was driving normally.
Sami was driving on a high-speed highway.
Sami was driving on a very dangerous highway.
Sami was driving on the highway.
Sami was driving the car around.
Sami was driving the car.
Sami was driving the carriage.
Sami was driving there.
Sami was driving through Cairo with his girlfriend, Layla.
Sami was driving through the roundabout.
Sami was driving to Layla's apartment.
Sami was driving to Layla's house.
Sami was driving to his work.
Sami was driving to the bank.
Sami was driving to work.
Sami was driving towards Cairo.
Sami was driving towards Layla at 60 miles an hour.
Sami was driving up a mountain.
Sami was driving us all over town.
Sami was driving very fast.
Sami was driving when Layla called him.
Sami was driving.
Sami was dropped off at the far.
Sami was drugged and helpless.
Sami was drugged.
Sami was drugging Layla.
Sami was drunk and he didn't know what he was doing.
Sami was drunk as fuck.
Sami was drunk as hell.
Sami was drunk or something.
Sami was drunk out of his mind.
Sami was drunk that night.
Sami was drunk.
Sami was drying his hands with a paper towel.
Sami was drying his hands.
Sami was dumb.
Sami was dumbfounded.
Sami was dusting off his knees.
Sami was dying, surrounded by his co-workers.
Sami was dying.
Sami was e-mailing Layla every day.
Sami was e-mailing so many different customers.
Sami was eager to help Layla fix her problems.
Sami was eager to impress.
Sami was eager to participate into the crime.
Sami was earning six dollars an hour.
Sami was easy to talk to.
Sami was eating a sandwich at a food stand.
Sami was eating a slice of coconut cake.
Sami was eating a snack in the break room.
Sami was eating asleep.
Sami was eating at a nearby McDonald's.
Sami was eating biscuits.
Sami was eating by himself.
Sami was eating chips.
Sami was eating fancy food every single day.
Sami was eating his dinner.
Sami was eating his lunch.
Sami was eating his sandwich.
Sami was eating ice cream.
Sami was eating lunch with Layla.
Sami was eating sushi.
Sami was eating the donuts in front of the kids while they were just staring.
Sami was eating the donuts.
Sami was eating there.
Sami was eating with a baby spoon.
Sami was eating with some of his friends.
Sami was eating.
Sami was ecstatic.
Sami was either in the fifth or sixth grade.
Sami was embarrassed about how he looked.
Sami was embarrassed and ashamed.
Sami was embarrassed and humiliated.
Sami was embarrassed as fuck.
Sami was embarrassed as shit.
Sami was embarrassed to go to school.
Sami was embarrassed.
Sami was emboldened by his father's presence.
Sami was emotionally distanced from Layla.
Sami was emotionally drained.
Sami was emotionally scarred from the break-up.
Sami was emphatically apologizing.
Sami was employed by a movie theater.
Sami was emptying his store.
Sami was endangering himself.
Sami was endangering the dog's life.
Sami was engaged but he wasn't married yet.
Sami was engaged in a lot of criminal activities.
Sami was enjoying a leisurely life.
Sami was enjoying afternoon tea with his relatives.
Sami was enjoying another lunch with Layla.
Sami was enjoying dating Layla.
Sami was enjoying every moment of it.
Sami was enjoying everything.
Sami was enjoying himself.
Sami was enjoying his bath.
Sami was enjoying his freedom.
Sami was enjoying his life.
Sami was enjoying his three-day weekend.
Sami was enjoying life.
Sami was enjoying precious family time at home before his long trip to Egypt.
Sami was enjoying that.
Sami was enjoying the comfort of his new home.
Sami was enraged.
Sami was entertaining Layla.
Sami was enthralled with Layla.
Sami was escorted by police to his mother's house.
Sami was escorted out by two policemen.
Sami was escorted out of the bar by two cops.
Sami was escorted out of the bar.
Sami was escorted out.
Sami was establishing an alibi.
Sami was even a guest at Layla's wedding.
Sami was eventually caught.
Sami was eventually cleared of any wrongdoing.
Sami was eventually eaten by sharks.
Sami was everywhere.
Sami was evicted.
Sami was evil.
Sami was exasperated by Layla's behavior.
Sami was excited about golfing on his days off.
Sami was excited about it.
Sami was excited for Farid and Layla.
Sami was excited to be there.
Sami was excited to go to Egypt.
Sami was excited.
Sami was executed and left for dead.
Sami was executed nearly six years later.
Sami was executed on June 6th, 2006.
Sami was executed.
Sami was exhausted.
Sami was expecting Layla to come home.
Sami was expecting Layla to do something.
Sami was expecting Layla's call.
Sami was expecting a little more than that.
Sami was expecting company.
Sami was expecting someone to come.
Sami was expecting that.
Sami was experimenting with alcohol.
Sami was experimenting with cigarettes.
Sami was experimenting with drugs.
Sami was experimenting with hair products.
Sami was explaining that.
Sami was explaining this.
Sami was explaining what happened.
Sami was exploring his fetishes.
Sami was extradited to Canada in June.
Sami was extradited to Canada.
Sami was extremely abusive.
Sami was extremely blessed that nothing happened to him.
Sami was extremely concerned.
Sami was extremely emotionally abusive towards Layla.
Sami was extremely furious with the photographer.
Sami was extremely good with numbers.
Sami was extremely intelligent.
Sami was extremely jealous of Layla's relationship with Farid.
Sami was extremely manipulative.
Sami was extremely nervous.
Sami was extremely overwhelmed.
Sami was extremely paranoid.
Sami was extremely proud to help Layla.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending to Layla.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending.
Sami was extremely rude to Layla.
Sami was extremely rude to the waitress.
Sami was extremely unprofessional.
Sami was extremely upset and when I say upset, I mean angry.
Sami was extremely upset.
Sami was eying me down.
Sami was faced with a decision no parent would like to make.
Sami was facing Layla.
Sami was facing a wall.
Sami was facing capital murder charges.
Sami was facing charges of first degree murder.
Sami was facing me.
Sami was facing murder charges.
Sami was facing some tough times.
Sami was facing the road.
Sami was fairly young.
Sami was fake nice.
Sami was faking it.
Sami was falling asleep.
Sami was falling down drunk.
Sami was falling for Layla.
Sami was falling for me.
Sami was falling in love with Islam.
Sami was falling in love with Layla.
Sami was falsely convicted for Layla's murder.
Sami was falsifying his university records.
Sami was familiar with Layla.
Sami was familiar with death.
Sami was familiar with the area.
Sami was family.
Sami was fantasizing about Layla.
Sami was far from God.
Sami was far from being an angel, especially with Layla.
Sami was far from being disturbed.
Sami was far from the construction site.
Sami was fascinated by Islam.
Sami was fascinated by serial killers and violence.
Sami was fascinated by stories about violence.
Sami was fascinated by the story.
Sami was fascinated with witchcraft.
Sami was fast asleep.
Sami was fasting.
Sami was fat, too.
Sami was fat.
Sami was fearful that his dog was going to bite one of his kids and hurt them.
Sami was fed up and could take it no more.
Sami was fed up and couldn't take it anymore.
Sami was fed up with Layla's outlandish claims.
Sami was feeding his dog.
Sami was feeling OK after that.
Sami was feeling a bit unusual.
Sami was feeling a little off.
Sami was feeling ashamed and embarrassed.
Sami was feeling crazy.
Sami was feeling depressed about the affair.
Sami was feeling good about himself.
Sami was feeling good.
Sami was feeling great.
Sami was feeling it.
Sami was feeling like shit.
Sami was feeling nauseous.
Sami was feeling on the wall, trying to find a light switch.
Sami was feeling on the walls.
Sami was feeling pretty groggy.
Sami was feeling really fine.
Sami was feeling really sick.
Sami was feeling sad.
Sami was feeling shitty.
Sami was feeling sick before he even got there.
Sami was feeling so much anxiety.
Sami was feeling so much better than he did before.
Sami was feeling so sad.
Sami was feeling so shaken up that he could barely move.
Sami was feeling the pressure.
Sami was feeling uncomfortable.
Sami was feeling unwell.
Sami was feigning memory loss.
Sami was fiddling with the beads of his rosary.
Sami was fifteen minutes early.
Sami was fifteen or sixteen.
Sami was fifteen, sixteen.
Sami was fighting Layla's battles for her.
Sami was fighting a black boy.
Sami was fighting blindly and didn't even know where he was hitting Farid.
Sami was fighting for his freedom.
Sami was fighting for his life.
Sami was fighting his daughter like she was a man on the street.
Sami was fighting in the parking lot.
Sami was fighting on the playground.
Sami was fighting the bigger guy.
Sami was fighting the gym teacher.
Sami was fighting with Layla.
Sami was fighting with other people.
Sami was fighting.
Sami was filing his nails.
Sami was filled of excitement for his future.
Sami was filled with guilt.
Sami was filming Layla.
Sami was filming a new video.
Sami was filming a video.
Sami was filming another video.
Sami was filming himself.
Sami was filming on his camera.
Sami was filming the video in the attic.
Sami was filming this video.
Sami was filming videos.
Sami was filming with his phone.
Sami was filming.
Sami was filthy rich.
Sami was finally able to talk to me.
Sami was finally about to meet that girl.
Sami was finally acquitted.
Sami was finally ready for divorce.
Sami was fine as hell.
Sami was fine with that.
Sami was fine.
Sami was fingering his prayer beads.
Sami was finishing his high school online.
Sami was finishing up high school.
Sami was fired because he was black.
Sami was fired because of a rude customer.
Sami was fired for breaking the rules.
Sami was fired for his methamphetamine use.
Sami was fired from his job for stealing.
Sami was fired from the club.
Sami was fired.
Sami was first molested by his father at age four.
Sami was five foot.
Sami was five minutes away.
Sami was five or six at the time.
Sami was five or six years old.
Sami was fixated on finding out every detail.
Sami was fixing an escalator.
Sami was fixing his van in the backyard.
Sami was fixing something in the attic.
Sami was fixing up a condo for a new tenant.
Sami was flabbergasted.
Sami was flaunting his wealth.
Sami was fleeced by his maid.
Sami was flirting and cheating on Layla.
Sami was flirting back with that girl.
Sami was flirting with Layla in front of Salima.
Sami was flirting with Layla.
Sami was flirting with other girls.
Sami was flirting with that girl.
Sami was flirty with that girl.
Sami was floored by Layla's Facebook post.
Sami was flossing his teeth.
Sami was flustered.
Sami was flying back to Cairo.
Sami was focused on his career.
Sami was focused on working on his own businesses.
Sami was folding his clothes.
Sami was folding his laundry.
Sami was followed by a car.
Sami was following Layla on the streets.
Sami was following Layla.
Sami was following another blond-haired woman.
Sami was following her.
Sami was following me.
Sami was following that girl around and harassing her.
Sami was following us around.
Sami was following us on the street.
Sami was following us.
Sami was fondling Layla's breasts.
Sami was fooling around.
Sami was forbidden to talk to Layla.
Sami was forced by the police to surrender his dog.
Sami was forced to admit he needed help to survive.
Sami was forced to break the rules.
Sami was forced to choose between love and self-preservation.
Sami was forced to cut the rope, sending Layla down to her death.
Sami was forced to dump his catch in an effort to stabilize his boat.
Sami was forced to kill Layla.
Sami was forced to leave his family behind.
Sami was forced to make an emergency landing.
Sami was forced to pick a side.
Sami was forced to take off his clothes and shoes.
Sami was forced to work with two women that he hated so much.
Sami was forced to work with two women.
Sami was fortunate to convert to Islam.
Sami was fortunate to have the protection of a dedicated bodyguard.
Sami was found abandoned in the woods.
Sami was found alone in that hotel room.
Sami was found brutally strangled to death in his bathroom.
Sami was found dead in the garage.
Sami was found dead in the underground parking.
Sami was found dead on the kitchen floor of his trailer.
Sami was found dead, buried in his own home in Cairo.
Sami was found deceased on the floor.
Sami was found frozen to death in his truck.
Sami was found guilty for one count of attempted murder.
Sami was found guilty of aggravated assault and attempted murder.
Sami was found guilty of felony stalking.
Sami was found guilty of first-degree murder.
Sami was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life.
Sami was found guilty of murder in the first degree.
Sami was found guilty of murder.
Sami was found guilty of solicitation to commit first degree murder.
Sami was found guilty on all arson counts.
Sami was found guilty.
Sami was found in a terrible state.
Sami was found in the closet.
Sami was found just as guilty as Layla and was sentenced to life.
Sami was found lying in a blood-stained bed.
Sami was found murdered on the roadside.
Sami was found murdered.
Sami was found naked in a bathtub with two girls.
Sami was found naked in the closet.
Sami was found with a gaping gunshot wound to the back of his head.
Sami was four hours away from Layla.
Sami was frantic with worry.
Sami was frantic.
Sami was frantically waving a flashlight.
Sami was freaked out by that old guy.
Sami was freaked out.
Sami was freaking out.
Sami was free to do whatever he wanted to do.
Sami was free to go live a good life again.
Sami was free to go.
Sami was free to leave.
Sami was free.
Sami was freed from Guantanamo.
Sami was freed from his addiction.
Sami was freezing.
Sami was fresh from college.
Sami was fresh from high school.
Sami was fresh out of jail.
Sami was freshly sixteen.
Sami was friendly.
Sami was friends with Layla's friends.
Sami was friends with Layla.
Sami was friends with a guy who lived there.
Sami was friends with a lot of Farid's friends.
Sami was friends with someone named Farid Bakir.
Sami was frightened more than he was injured.
Sami was frightened, too.
Sami was frightened.
Sami was from Egypt and had a very heavy accent.
Sami was from Egypt.
Sami was from a Sikh family.
Sami was from a practising Muslim family.
Sami was from a very good family.
Sami was from an Arab family and he spoke Arabic.
Sami was frozen in fear.
Sami was frustrated that it ended this way.
Sami was frustrated.
Sami was fucked up mentally.
Sami was fucked up.
Sami was fucking Layla in the freezer.
Sami was fucking Layla in the kitchen.
Sami was fucking Layla.
Sami was fucking around with this bitch.
Sami was fucking crazy.
Sami was fucking depressed.
Sami was fucking drunk.
Sami was fucking dumb.
Sami was fucking girls in his department.
Sami was fucking his manager.
Sami was fucking in his room.
Sami was fucking lying.
Sami was fucking nasty.
Sami was fucking pissed at me.
Sami was fucking that girl.
Sami was fucking up so much.
Sami was fucking weird.
Sami was fucking with me.
Sami was fucking yelling at me.
Sami was fucking.
Sami was full of life.
Sami was full of rage.
Sami was full-on sprinting.
Sami was fully awake.
Sami was fully aware of the situation.
Sami was fully convinced that his room was haunted.
Sami was fully dressed.
Sami was fully submerged in the water.
Sami was funny but he was an asshole, too.
Sami was funny.
Sami was furious when he heard of Layla's affair.
Sami was furious.
Sami was furnishing his bedroom.
Sami was fussing with his hat.
Sami was gaining weight.
Sami was gambling.
Sami was gasping for life.
Sami was gay and wanted male attention.
Sami was gay but he's straight now.
Sami was gay.
Sami was genuinely pissed.
Sami was genuinely scared.
Sami was genuinely worried about Layla.
Sami was getting a lot of compliments.
Sami was getting a new interest in music.
Sami was getting along with his girlfriend.
Sami was getting annoyed.
Sami was getting beat up outside.
Sami was getting beat up.
Sami was getting better and better as the months went on.
Sami was getting boobs.
Sami was getting bullied.
Sami was getting changed.
Sami was getting cheated on.
Sami was getting closer.
Sami was getting cussed at by the crowd.
Sami was getting dehydrated.
Sami was getting drunk at work.
Sami was getting drunk in the park.
Sami was getting everything ready to close his store.
Sami was getting freaked out.
Sami was getting her hair done.
Sami was getting his freedom.
Sami was getting his life back on track.
Sami was getting his master's degree.
Sami was getting his stuff out of the kitchen.
Sami was getting in bed.
Sami was getting married in six months.
Sami was getting married.
Sami was getting more inebriated.
Sami was getting off the plane.
Sami was getting on Layla's nerves.
Sami was getting on my nerves.
Sami was getting oral sex from his secretary.
Sami was getting out of the car as well.
Sami was getting overwhelmed.
Sami was getting paid cash.
Sami was getting paid dirt money.
Sami was getting picked on by his own little cousin.
Sami was getting pissed off.
Sami was getting prepared to move.
Sami was getting punched in the face.
Sami was getting ready for a party.
Sami was getting ready for that party.
Sami was getting ready for the interview.
Sami was getting ready for the winter break.
Sami was getting ready in the bathroom.
Sami was getting ready to change into his uniform.
Sami was getting ready to cook the food.
Sami was getting ready to get in his car.
Sami was getting ready to go to work.
Sami was getting ready to graduate.
Sami was getting ready to leave.
Sami was getting ready to meet his friend for lunch break.
Sami was getting ready to move to Cairo.
Sami was getting ready to move to a new building.
Sami was getting ready to shower.
Sami was getting ready.
Sami was getting really angry.
Sami was getting really attached to Layla.
Sami was getting really drunk.
Sami was getting really sick and tired of Layla's mentality.
Sami was getting so drunk.
Sami was getting so mad.
Sami was getting so much anxiety.
Sami was getting so sick of Layla doing this.
Sami was getting so upset.
Sami was getting stitches.
Sami was getting stressed out.
Sami was getting suspicious.
Sami was getting tipped fat that night.
Sami was getting tired of doing that.
Sami was getting to graduate.
Sami was getting uncomfortable.
Sami was getting very stand-offish.
Sami was getting visibly annoyed.
Sami was getting yelled at.
Sami was giggling a little bit.
Sami was giggling.
Sami was given a life sentence.
Sami was given a new identity in the Federal Witness Protection Program.
Sami was given a new job.
Sami was given a new uniform.
Sami was given a polygraph exam.
Sami was given a psychiatric evaluation.
Sami was given a raise.
Sami was given a sixty year prison sentence.
Sami was given a taxi voucher to call a taxi.
Sami was given a warning.
Sami was given amazing opportunities.
Sami was given an opportunity to tell the truth.
Sami was given his money bank.
Sami was given multiple tickets.
Sami was given six units of blood.
Sami was given the night shift and it's the shittiest shift.
Sami was given twenty stitches.
Sami was given two drink tickets.
Sami was given two years jail.
Sami was giving Layla a back massage.
Sami was giving Layla a weird look.
Sami was giving Layla advice.
Sami was giving Layla questions to answer.
Sami was giving Layla the benefit of the doubt.
Sami was giving Layla the side-eye.
Sami was giving Layla the silent treatment.
Sami was giving a speech in class.
Sami was giving and caring.
Sami was giving himself away.
Sami was giving me the dirtiest look.
Sami was giving me the silent treatment.
Sami was giving out Layla's personal information to other Facebook users.
Sami was giving the money to Layla.
Sami was giving updates on the weather.
Sami was glad Layla came.
Sami was glad Layla was back.
Sami was glad Layla was out of his life.
Sami was glad everything went well.
Sami was glad that Layla came over.
Sami was glad that he got fired.
Sami was glad to do that for Layla.
Sami was glad to hear how dedicated Layla was for animals.
Sami was glad to see Layla again.
Sami was glad to see Layla happy again.
Sami was glad.
Sami was glancing at me from the corner of his eye.
Sami was glaring.
Sami was gloomy as fuck.
Sami was glued to the window, waiting for his mother to appear.
Sami was going after a feral dog.
Sami was going back to leave.
Sami was going back to school.
Sami was going broke.
Sami was going down the stairs.
Sami was going downstairs.
Sami was going home early.
Sami was going in and out of consciousness.
Sami was going in that direction.
Sami was going in the wrong direction.
Sami was going into business.
Sami was going into the sophomore year of high school.
Sami was going on a business trip.
Sami was going on dates.
Sami was going out of his mind.
Sami was going out skating with his friends.
Sami was going out.
Sami was going really fast.
Sami was going through Layla's drawers.
Sami was going through Layla's files.
Sami was going through a divorce.
Sami was going through a similar situation.
Sami was going through a tough time.
Sami was going through an identity crisis.
Sami was going through his e-mails.
Sami was going through his messages.
Sami was going through his voice mail.
Sami was going through puberty.
Sami was going through rough times.
Sami was going through some bank issues.
Sami was going through the clothes.
Sami was going through the list.
Sami was going to Cairo to spend a few days with Layla.
Sami was going to Disneyland.
Sami was going to Egypt with Layla.
Sami was going to Egypt.
Sami was going to Layla's house.
Sami was going to a different bar.
Sami was going to a party that one of his friends was hosting.
Sami was going to a party.
Sami was going to be casted for the show.
Sami was going to be caught.
Sami was going to be crucified.
Sami was going to be fired.
Sami was going to be moving schools.
Sami was going to be out for about six weeks.
Sami was going to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami was going to breakfast.
Sami was going to bring his friend.
Sami was going to buy a gun.
Sami was going to buy the fur coat.
Sami was going to buy the liquor for the party.
Sami was going to college.
Sami was going to come over.
Sami was going to commit a crime that would shock the world.
Sami was going to die.
Sami was going to do it.
Sami was going to drop all of us off.
Sami was going to dump Layla.
Sami was going to eat the cupcakes.
Sami was going to fight a sixth grader.
Sami was going to find out anyway.
Sami was going to fire Layla.
Sami was going to get caught.
Sami was going to go to bed.
Sami was going to great lengths to keep his relationship with Layla intact.
Sami was going to have to wait for longer.
Sami was going to help Layla out.
Sami was going to his annual appointment with his doctor.
Sami was going to his first high school.
Sami was going to his new high school.
Sami was going to jail.
Sami was going to kill himself.
Sami was going to kill his daughter.
Sami was going to leave the club.
Sami was going to leave.
Sami was going to lose that job.
Sami was going to marry Layla.
Sami was going to name this video "Layla."
Sami was going to one of his cousins' wedding.
Sami was going to pass away.
Sami was going to pay.
Sami was going to regret it.
Sami was going to renew the lease.
Sami was going to retire the next year.
Sami was going to rob Layla.
Sami was going to school every day.
Sami was going to school.
Sami was going to see Layla.
Sami was going to see a house.
Sami was going to sue Layla for the money that he owed her.
Sami was going to sue Layla.
Sami was going to take Layla's money.
Sami was going to take a shower.
Sami was going to take care of it.
Sami was going to tell Layla.
Sami was going to tell that story.
Sami was going to that birthday party.
Sami was going to that bus stop.
Sami was going to the bathroom.
Sami was going to the cafeteria to have breakfast.
Sami was going to the door.
Sami was going to the gas station.
Sami was going to the gym six times a week.
Sami was going to the mall.
Sami was going to the sixth floor.
Sami was going to travel with his cousin and his friend.
Sami was going to use that rice for dinner.
Sami was going to wait.
Sami was going to watch the game at the coffee shop.
Sami was going up in the elevator.
Sami was going up the steps.
Sami was going up.
Sami was going upstairs.
Sami was going upward.
Sami was going with Layla.
Sami was going.
Sami was gone for like thirty minutes.
Sami was gone for six days.
Sami was gone for the entire day.
Sami was gone for the whole day.
Sami was gone from Facebook for almost a year.
Sami was gone somewhere.
Sami was gone.
Sami was good at his job.
Sami was good at manipulating people.
Sami was good-natured.
Sami was good.
Sami was grabbing on Layla.
Sami was graduating middle school.
Sami was granted a one-year restraining order.
Sami was granted a reprieve.
Sami was granted one hour of visitation with the children.
Sami was granted temporary custody of his children.
Sami was grateful to have a woman like Layla in his life.
Sami was greeted by Layla's growling dog.
Sami was greeted with warmth.
Sami was grieving.
Sami was gripped with fear.
Sami was grooming Layla with candy and food.
Sami was grounded by his mom.
Sami was grounded by something so insignificant.
Sami was grounded for a month.
Sami was grounded for insignificant reasons.
Sami was grounded for six days.
Sami was grounded.
Sami was growing addicted to meth.
Sami was growing closer and closer to Layla.
Sami was growing up.
Sami was growing very interested in Layla's finances.
Sami was grumpy toward Layla.
Sami was guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping.
Sami was guilty on all charges.
Sami was guilty.
Sami was gullible.
Sami was gunned down in his house.
Sami was hacking.
Sami was handcuffed in a box.
Sami was handcuffed.
Sami was handling a lot of money.
Sami was handsome, successful, and charming.
Sami was hanging around unwantedly.
Sami was hanging around with Farid and his group.
Sami was hanging from the ceiling.
Sami was hanging out at Layla's house.
Sami was hanging out in Layla's apartment.
Sami was hanging out wit Layla a lot in his apartment.
Sami was hanging out with Layla at her house.
Sami was hanging out with Layla during lunch.
Sami was hanging out with Layla's brother.
Sami was hanging out with Layla's friend.
Sami was hanging out with Layla.
Sami was hanging out with a bad girl.
Sami was hanging out with a bunch of weirdos.
Sami was hanging out with a girl.
Sami was hanging out with a pretty Asian girl.
