She had her camera stolen.
She had her car stolen in broad daylight.
She had her car stolen last month.
She had her car stolen yesterday.
She had her dress made.
She had her eyes checked last week.
She had her first child aged 18.
She had her first love in her memory until she died.
She had her fortune told.
She had her hair cut because she liked shorter hair, not because she had lost her love.
She had her hair cut short.
She had her hair cut yesterday.
She had her hair cut.
She had her hair dyed black.
She had her hair dyed.
She had her hair in braids.
She had her handbag stolen.
She had her hands cuffed behind her.
She had her hat blown off by the strong wind.
She had her hat blown off by the wind.
She had her hat blown off yesterday.
She had her head covered by a mantilla.
She had her head on his chest.
She had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter.
She had her house painted white.
She had her husband drive the children to their homes.
She had her kids paint the garage.
She had her left leg amputated.
She had her leg bandaged by him.
She had her license as a registered nurse revoked for repeated DUI convictions.
She had her luggage taken to the airport.
She had her navel pierced.
She had her only son die.
She had her palm read.
She had her parents' love to herself.
She had her parents’ love to herself.
She had her piano tuned.
She had her picture taken by him.
She had her picture taken with him.
She had her picture taken.
She had her purse snatched from her arm.
She had her reasons for doing that.
She had her scarf pulled off on the campus.
She had her shoes shined.
She had her sweater on inside out.
She had her tooth pulled.
She had her wisdom teeth removed.
She had her wisdom teeth taken out.
She had him wrapped around her little finger.
She had huge mood swings.
She had hunger pangs.
She had ice cold hands.
She had immediately regretted uttering those words.
She had important information for me.
She had jet black eyes.
She had jet black hair.
She had just come home when I called.
She had just gone in the bathroom when the mailman came at the door with a package.
She had just gone out, the double door still swinging in her wake.
She had just sat down when a few pigeons arrived flying.
She had just signed a new contract.
She had killed her first husband with the help of the second one. They had done it with a nail that they pushed together into his temples while he was sleeping.
She had knocked back a fair amount of vodka, and was quite unsteady on her feet.
She had known him for a long time.
She had known that the sight of Matthew jaunting off so unaccountably would be too much for her neighbor's curiosity.
She had left her son alone in the car.
She had left the front door open.
She had left the front door unlocked.
She had left the room in a flash.
She had less free time than I.
She had literally disappeared into the hood.
She had little choice.
She had lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
She had lived in five different countries.
She had long been learning to play the piano.
She had long black hair with a silky lustre.
She had long blond hair.
She had long hair last year.
She had long, black, silky hair.
She had looked on so many unlovely places in her life, poor child; but this was as lovely as anything she had ever dreamed.
She had lost all hope after the death of her husband.
She had lost her mother a few years earlier.
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.
She had lost weight; the "puppy fat" and the ebullience had gone.
She had lunch outside with him.
She had lunch with him.
She had lunch.
She had mahogany-coloured hair.
She had many awards, notably a Nobel Prize.
She had many ideas flashing in her head.
She had many of the same problems I do.
She had matured into an excellent woman.
She had my mother take care of the baby.
She had nausea.
She had nearly everything a girl could want.
She had never been kissed before.
She had never been kissed like that before.
She had never been kissed like this.
She had never been so afraid in her life.
She had never been so lonely.
She had never been so proud of herself.
She had never dreamed of meeting him abroad.
She had never happened to see a young man of mien and features so romantic and so striking as young Ravenswood.
She had never imagined he would react this way.
She had never kissed a boy before.
She had never kissed a girl before she kissed him.
She had never kissed a guy before.
She had never kissed anyone before.
She had never mentioned her boyfriend before.
She had never mentioned her boyfriend.
She had never mentioned him.
She had never mingled in the society of women.
She had never really paid attention to him.
She had never really thought about getting married, not seriously.
She had never seen New York before, so I offered to show her around.
She had never seen New York before.
She had never seen a fuller beard than his.
She had never seen a real cock in real life before.
She had never seen him before.
She had never seen him laugh.
She had never seen it before.
She had never seen such beauty before.
She had never spoken to him before that time.
She had never taken the subway.
She had never traveled by subway.
She had never wanted to be a mother.
She had new tires put on her car.
She had next to no money.
She had nice teeth. She liked to laugh to show them off.
She had nightmares.
She had no brother.
She had no cares or troubles of any sort, and every day her tasks became easier, and the years that had gone before seemed more and more like a bad dream.
She had no chance to defend herself.
She had no chance to express herself.
She had no choice but to accept her fate.
She had no choice but to do it.
She had no choice but to follow him.
She had no choice but to leave her abusive husband.
She had no choice but to live with Mom.
She had no choice but to support him.
She had no choice but to turn down his proposal.
She had no clue that that was only the beginning.
She had no clue.
She had no common sense.
She had no desire to argue with him.
She had no desire to go out with him.
She had no desire to stay home by herself.
She had no difficulty in learning the poem by heart.
She had no dress to attend the party in.
She had no enemies.
She had no food.
She had no friends when she was growing up.
She had no idea how she got there.
She had no idea how to set about her work.
She had no idea that she was being followed.
She had no idea that the kind-looking old woman leaning on her crutch was in reality a wicked witch, who envied the Queen her good fortune, and was determined to ruin her.
She had no idea what I said.
She had no idea what I was talking about.
She had no idea what Tom was talking about.
She had no idea what she should do.
She had no idea what she should tell him.
She had no idea what she was doing.
She had no idea what to expect.
She had no idea what was funny.
She had no idea where she was.
She had no idea.
She had no illusions about her looks.
She had no incentive to work after she was refused a promotion.
She had no intention of going there by herself.
She had no intention of harming him.
She had no intention of helping him.
She had no intention of marrying him.
She had no intention of quarreling with him.
She had no intention of quarrelling with him.
She had no intention to quarrel with him.
She had no money.
She had no moral upbringing.
She had no more paper.
She had no motive to kill him.
She had no need for a bicycle.
She had no objection.
She had no one but herself to blame.
She had no one to blame but herself.
She had no one to help her.
She had no one to tell her story to.
She had no one to turn to.
She had no other choice but to marry the old man.
She had no problems with him.
She had no reason to be angry.
She had no reason to do so.
She had no recollection of how she got there.
She had no regrets.
She had no relatives she could go to.
She had no right to complain.
She had no right to do what she did.
She had no rule of thumb about it, but she got it right every time.
She had no sooner encountered the keen black eyes of the stranger than her own were bent on the ground with a mixture of bashful embarrassment and fear.
She had no sooner read his letter than she tore it up.
She had no sooner seen me than she ran away.
She had no sooner taken it into her hand than, either because she was too quick and heedless, or because the decree of the fairy had so ordained, it ran into her hand, and she fell down in a swoon.
She had no teeth.
She had no time to catch her breath.
She had no tissues to wipe away her tears.
She had no way but to oblige.
She had no way of knowing about that.
She had no way of knowing when she would see him again.
She had no way to know about it.
She had nobody to tell her story to.
She had nostalgia for her country of origin, Algeria.
She had not been employed two months when her ability was recognized.
She had not been expecting this.
She had not considered that possibility.
She had not exaggerated: the meal was indeed excellent.
She had not expected this.
She had not let go of her son.
She had nothing against alcohol.
She had nothing else in the world.
She had nothing else to do.
She had nothing else to drink.
She had nothing else to lose.
She had nothing else to say to him.
She had nothing else to say.
She had nothing in common with him.
She had nothing in common with them.
She had nothing in common with us.
She had nothing to do with it.
She had nothing to do with the case.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
She had nothing to lose.
She had nothing to say about it.
She had nothing.
She had on a miniskirt.
She had on a red silk dress.
She had on an apricot-colored dress.
She had once been a great beauty.
She had one misfortune after another last year.
She had one of her legs amputated.
She had only a small fortune.
She had only a small sum of money.
She had only been there five minutes and then she was leaving.
She had only eaten a little before she left the table.
She had only gathered three primroses, a few violets, and had her hand on a fine wild hyacinth, to pluck it, when she heard a rustling noise behind her: she looked to see what occasioned it.
She had only herself to blame for the failure.
She had only recently ended her convalescence.
She had other things on her mind.
She had planned for this.
She had planted roses before he came.
She had plenty of acquaintances, but no friends.
She had plenty of time to find a boyfriend.
She had predicted it.
She had pretty eyes.
She had problems dealing with him.
She had problems with him.
She had reached her goal.
She had reached the outskirts of the city when she found the road blocked by a great drove of cattle, driven by a half-dozen wild-looking herdsmen from the plains.
She had reasons to be upset with him.
She had red spots all over her body.
She had returned home long before.
She had rings on every finger.
She had said she would help us.
She had sat up until nearly twelve the preceding night composing a speech she meant to make to her pupils upon opening the school. She had revised and improved it painstakingly, and then she had learned it off by heart. It was a very good speech and had some very fine ideas in it, especially about mutual help and earnest striving after knowledge. The only trouble was that she could not now remember a word of it.
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.
She had scarcely started reading the book, when someone knocked at the door.
She had scratches on her arms.
She had scratches on her face.
She had seen ships, but only far away, so that they looked like sea-gulls.
She had serious financial troubles but despite this she put on a brave face.
She had several operations last year.
She had severed all ties with him.
She had sex out of wedlock.
She had sex with a cop.
She had sex with a stranger.
She had so many things she wanted to say to him.
She had so much money.
She had some cookies to stay her hunger until dinner.
She had some fun.
She had some money. She wanted to give it to you.
She had some problems dealing with him.
She had some reason to be disgusted with me now, and the gap between us began to be wider and wider.
She had some things to say.
She had some tricks up her sleeve.
She had some trouble with him before.
She had some.
She had something else on her mind.
She had something in her hand.
She had something of the assurance of a famous actress.
She had something she needed to tell him.
She had something she wanted to show him.
She had something to lose.
She had something to talk over with him.
She had something very important to tell him.
She had something weird on her head.
She had stationed herself by the tube entrance and was leaning against the tiled wall, listening to the music coming from a pub across the road, when her friends came walking into view.
She had such a confident stride.
She had suffered a heart attack.
She had surgery on her right leg.
She had surgery.
She had suspicions.
She had tears in her eyes.
She had tears pouring down her cheeks.
She had the bigger room.
She had the blues.
She had the book with a torn cover under her arm.
She had the box carried downstairs.
She had the box carried to the first floor.
She had the boys paint the house.
She had the care of many older people.
She had the choice to stay or go.
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam.
She had the courage to say it.
She had the decency to apologize.
She had the distinct feeling that something was brewing.
She had the distinct feeling that something was up.
She had the dog sold.
She had the fire on and the tea steeping when Diana returned.
She had the giggles.
She had the good fortune to get into the school she wanted to.
She had the habit of taking a walk before lunch.
She had the habit of wearing a ribbon on her hat; a different one each day, and each day a different colour.
She had the hotel suite to herself.
She had the kindness to buy a ticket for me.
She had the kindness to help me.
She had the kindness to inform us.
She had the kindness to pick me up at my house.
She had the kindness to show me around the city.
She had the kindness to show me the way to the hospital.
She had the kindness to take the lady to her home.
She had the large room to herself.
She had the last laugh.
She had the nerve to speak out.
She had the place to herself.
She had the prettiest little white legs any maiden could desire, but she was quite naked, so she wrapped her long thick hair around her.
She had the reputation of being very strict with her children.
She had the right idea.
She had the right to defend herself.
She had the whole campsite to herself.
She had the whole house to herself.
She had the whole place to herself.
She had the whole room to herself.
She had the whole summer off that year.
She had the wind of his true intentions.
She had the wisdom to follow the custom.
She had the wrong number.
She had things she needed to do.
She had three DPT shots before.
She had three daughters with him.
She had three of her friends with her.
She had three people with her.
She had three sons who became seamen.
She had time for her favorite hobby.
She had time to lose herself in her favorite amusement.
She had to accept her fate.
She had to accept that she was wrong.
She had to act as soon as possible.
She had to act fast.
She had to adjust her schedule to accommodate the compensatory time off she had accrued.
She had to admit she was wrong.
She had to admit that she was wrong.
She had to alter her dress by herself.
She had to be here at five o'clock sharp.
She had to be put to bed.
She had to blink.
She had to cancel her trip.
She had to cauterize the wound.
She had to change her plan.
She had to choose her words carefully.
She had to clean her room.
She had to come back there.
She had to come back.
She had to cover for him.
She had to deal with a man who was both of a most determined character and of too high condition to be trifled with.
She had to discuss something with him.
She had to do a test before she could enrol on the course.
She had to do all this.
She had to do everything herself.
She had to do it all by herself.
She had to do it even though she didn't want to.
She had to do some shopping in the afternoon.
She had to do that by herself.
She had to engage in this situation.
She had to explain the joke to him.
She had to fight for her life.
She had to give up her dream.
She had to go back home.
She had to go before the judge again.
She had to go by herself.
She had to go herself.
She had to go out.
She had to go there by herself.
She had to go to Boston by herself.
She had to go to Boston with him.
She had to go to a hospital.
She had to go under the knife.
She had to have her leg amputated.
She had to have more of it.
She had to hurry.
She had to kill herself.
She had to know the truth.
She had to learn to walk again.
She had to leave her abusive husband.
She had to leave her cat at home.
She had to leave her dog at home.
She had to leave him at home by himself.
She had to leave right away to pick up the kids from school.
She had to leave school for good.
She had to look after her sister.
She had to look after him.
She had to move to a new home.
She had to part with her family when the war began.
She had to part with her fur coat.
She had to part with her jewelry box.
She had to pass between these boiling eddies to reach the witches' domain, and for a long way the only path led over warm bubbling mud.
She had to pay for everything herself.
She had to pay her rent yesterday.
She had to rely upon her inner strength.
She had to resign from her job.
She had to rest a lot.
She had to rewrite her essay.
She had to rob her bank to redraw money from her own account.
She had to say farewell to her hometown.
She had to say goodbye to her hometown.
She had to sell her car.
She had to sell her house.
She had to share a bedroom with her sister.
She had to share her room with her brother.
She had to smile at her misfortune.
She had to speak before a large audience.
She had to stand in the train.
She had to stay in the hospital for 6 weeks because of her illness.
She had to stay in the hospital.
She had to stop to catch her breath.
She had to stop.
She had to study hard to catch up with her classmates.
She had to support herself on the railing.
She had to take a painful decision.
She had to take a test before she could enroll in the course.
She had to take care of her sister.
She had to take care of him.
She had to take matters into her own hands.
She had to tell the truth.
She had to travel on a bus.
She had to undergo a difficult operation.
She had to use her dictionary many times.
She had to wait for him.
She had to wait.
She had to withdraw her son from the club.
She had toad-stools all over the front yard.
She had told Anne to be sure and have tea ready at five o'clock.
She had travelled extensively and was an excellent storyteller.
She had triplets.
She had trouble finding her key.
She had trouble getting pregnant.
She had trouble stifling a laugh when she saw the dress.
She had tuberculosis.
She had twins three times. I like babies in moderation, but twins three times in succession is too much.
She had twins.
She had two accidents within a year.
She had two beautiful girls at one birth.
She had two cell phones. One to lose and the other in order to be able to find the lost one by calling it.
She had two children by him.
She had two daughters of her own, who were, indeed, exactly like her in all things.
She had two illegitimate children.
She had two lovely children.
She had very pretty breasts.
She had very red cheeks.
She had what she wanted.
She had white shoes on.
She had wonderful food and, what was more, she was given a New year's gift.
She had wonderful food and, what was more, she was given a New year’s gift.
She had, I thought, no reason to do what she did.
She had, I thought, no right to do that.
She hadn't been to the dentist for many years.
She hadn't considered that possibility.
She hadn't given me her name.
She hadn't noticed him.
She hadn't noticed the cold until she opened the door.
She hadn't opened her mouth.
She hadn't put on an ounce over the years.
She hadn't seen her sister since around 4 P.M.
She hadn't seen him for a long time.
She hadn't seen him in a long time.
She hadn't slept a wink for three days.
She hadn't slept a wink in three days.
She hadn't spoken French.
She hadn't yet returned to work.
She hadn’t forgotten the fun she had playing on the beach in Florida, and while this beach was different—it didn’t have any of the pretty shells or funny little crawdads she had found on the Florida beach—still it had lovely white sand and dainty little waves and was quite the nicest place for play that Mary Jane had seen.
She hadn’t given me her name.
She hadn’t noticed the cold until she opened the door.
She half dragged, half carried the log.
She hammered a nail into the wall and hung the painting.
She hammered the ball towards the goal.
She handcuffed him to the bed.
She handed Tom a piece of fruit.
She handed a baseball bat to him.
She handed a cocktail to him.
She handed a cup of coffee to him.
She handed a glass of wine to him.
She handed a pamphlet to him.
She handed a sandwich to him.
She handed a set of keys to him.
She handed a small envelope to him.
She handed an envelope full of cash to him.
She handed an envelope to him.
She handed her cellphone to him.
She handed her her jacket, opened the door and asked her to leave.
She handed her jacket to him.
She handed her keys to the valet.
She handed her pen to him.
She handed her son a lollipop.
She handed her the key.
She handed him a book.
She handed him his bag.
She handed him his blazer.
She handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave.
She handed him his jacket, opened the door and asked him to leave.
She handed him his jacket.
She handed him the cigarette packet.
She handed him the key.
She handed him the money that she owed him.
She handed him the money.
She handed in a blank test.
She handed in her report.
She handed in her term paper after the deadline.
She handed in the weapons.
She handed me a postcard.
She handed me a sheet of paper.
She handed me my sandwich.
She handed me the basket and suggested I wait until I got home to open it, in case anyone was watching.
She handed me the letter without saying anything.
She handed out a key to him.
She handed the bowl of buttered popcorn to him.
She handed the brochures to him.
She handed the broom to him.
She handed the contract to him.
She handed the document to him.
She handed the empty bottle to him.
She handed the empty pizza box to him.
She handed the file to him.
She handed the key to her.
She handed the key to him.
She handed the knife to him.
She handed the list to him.
She handed the money to him.
She handed the newspaper to him.
She handed the note to him.
She handed the parcel to the customer.
She handed the passports over to the policeman.
She handed the pencil to him.
She handed the phone to him.
She handed the photo album to him.
She handed the photo back to him.
She handed the picture back to him.
She handed the picture to him.
She handed the salt shaker to him.
She handed the scissors to him.
She handed the weapons over.
She handled herself beautifully.
She handled it well.
She handled snakes.
She handled that problem.
She handles a saw very well.
She handles the business when the manager is away.
She handles things with grace.
She hanged herself in her jail cell.
She hanged herself in jail.
She hanged herself last night.
She hanged herself yesterday.
She hangs her coat behind the door.
She hangs her coat up behind the door.
She hangs on every word he says.
She hangs on his every word.
She happened to have the day off.
She happened to know his address.
She happily agreed.
She happily consented to play another song for the audience.
She happily granted my request.
She harbored the deserter.
She harboured the deserter.
She hard-boiled the eggs.
She hardly ate anything.
She hardly ever does that by herself.
She hardly ever goes to the cinema.
She hardly ever keeps her word.
She hardly ever leaves her room.
She hardly ever loses her temper.
She hardly ever missed school.
She hardly ever puts sugar in her coffee.
She hardly ever sees him.
She hardly ever talks about herself.
She hardly ever talks to him.
She hardly ever uses her phone.
She hardly ever wears makeup.
She hardly ever works.
She hardly fits into that car. Find something better for her.
She hardly knew him.
She hardly speaks English.
She hardly spoke any Berber.
She hardly talks at all.
She harmed people.
She harvested all the oranges in the tree.
She harvested oranges from that tree.
She harvested oranges whenever she wanted.
She harvested the oranges too soon.
She has 1001 wishes.
She has 2,000 books.
She has 3,500 books in her library and many of them are first editions.
She has 5 children.
She has Cupid lips.
She has Kabyle dresses. Lots and lots of Kabyle dresses.
She has Kabyle dresses. Lots of them.
She has MS.
She has Tom wrapped around her little finger.
She has Ukrainian citizenship.
She has YouTube.
She has a 10 percent interest in the company.
She has a Japanese car.
She has a Kabyle dress.
She has a VIP pass.
She has a baby who is a few months old.
She has a bad habit of chewing on her pencil.
She has a bad habit of smoking.
She has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone.
She has a bad head cold.
She has a bad reputation.
She has a bag under her arm.
She has a basket full of apples.
She has a bath every morning.
She has a beautiful Kabyle dress.
She has a beautiful daughter.
She has a beautiful doll.
She has a beautiful face.
She has a beautiful purse to go with this Kabyle dress.
She has a beautiful singing voice.
She has a beautiful tan.
She has a beautiful voice.
She has a bee in her bonnet about arriving on time.
She has a beer bottle in her hand.
She has a bestseller.
She has a bias toward Japanese literature.
She has a bicycle.
She has a big appetite.
She has a big butt.
She has a big crush on him.
She has a big family.
She has a big heart.
She has a big house and two cars.
She has a big problem, though.
She has a big room all to herself.
She has a bike.
She has a birthmark on her left leg.
She has a bit of a bad temper.
She has a bit of a crush on him.
She has a bit of a temper.
She has a bit of charm.
She has a black dog, doesn't she?
She has a black puppy.
She has a blind faith in him.
She has a blog.
She has a blue coat.
She has a body to die for.
She has a book under her arm.
She has a book.
She has a bottle of beer in her hand.
She has a bottle of milk every morning.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school but feels their relationship has become a matter of habit and is increasingly dissatisfied.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school, but she feels their relationship has stagnated, so she's become dissatisfied.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school, but she feels their relationship is in a rut, so she's become discontented.
She has a boyfriend she’s been going out with since high school but feels their relationship has become a matter of habit and is increasingly dissatisfied.
She has a boyfriend.
She has a brace on her right leg.
She has a brilliant future.
She has a broad view of things.
She has a brother in Tokyo.
She has a bruise on her face.
She has a bruise on her right leg.
She has a buyer for her house.
She has a calm voice.
She has a camel toe.
She has a cameltoe.
She has a car, doesn't she?
She has a cat and two dogs.
She has a cat.
She has a cat. The cat is white.
She has a cat. This cat is white.
She has a certain je ne sais quoi.
She has a character defect.
She has a charming face.
She has a charming smile.
She has a charming voice.
She has a cheerful disposition.
She has a cheerful personality.
She has a chip on her shoulder.
She has a chronic anxiety disorder.
She has a claim on her deceased husband's estate.
She has a claim on her deceased husband’s estate.
She has a clean heart.
She has a cleft lip.
She has a close relationship with him.
She has a cold and is absent from school.
She has a cold.
She has a collection of stuffed animals.
She has a color television.
She has a comfortable income to live on.
She has a comfortable income.
She has a compelling reason for avoiding him.
She has a complete lack of self-awareness.
She has a convertible.
She has a cool job.
She has a cottage by the sea.
She has a cough, she coughs every morning.
She has a cough, she expectorates every morning.
She has a cough, she hacks every morning.
She has a cough.
She has a cow.
She has a credit card.
She has a cruel stepfather.
She has a crush on Justin Bieber.
She has a crush on Justin Timberlake.
She has a crush on Justin Trudeau.
She has a crush on her teacher.
She has a crush on him.
She has a crush on the boy next door.
She has a crush on this boy.
She has a crush on you.
She has a cucumber at her bedside.
She has a curable tumor.
She has a cute accent.
She has a cute belly button ring.
She has a cute giggle.
She has a dad.
She has a dark secret.
She has a dashcam in her car.
She has a daughter named Mary.
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
She has a daughter who is tall.
She has a daughter whose name is Mary.
She has a day off school tomorrow.
She has a decayed tooth.
She has a degree in biology.
She has a degree in music education.
She has a delightful sense of humor.
She has a desire to be wealthy.
She has a difficult relationship with her mother, but she idolises her father.
She has a dirty face.
She has a dislike for snakes and mathematics.
She has a distinct English accent.
She has a dog and six cats.
She has a dog.
She has a dominant personality.
She has a double chin.
She has a double-barrelled name.
She has a dreamy body.
She has a drunken husband.
She has a faculty for doing two things at once.
She has a fair complexion.
She has a fair skin and hair.
She has a fake tan.
She has a farm.
She has a fascination with French food.
She has a fear of flying.
She has a feel for beauty.
She has a feel for music.
She has a feminine insight into human behavior.
She has a fertile imagination.
She has a fever.
She has a few books.
She has a few cards up her sleeve.
She has a few friends.
She has a few pen pals.
She has a few tattoos, doesn't she?
She has a field there.
She has a fierce temper.
She has a fleshy mouth all to kiss.
She has a flower in her hand.
She has a fluent tongue.
She has a foreign car.
She has a freckle on the top part of her nose.
She has a friendly appearance.
She has a friendly nature.
She has a frozen heart.
She has a funny face.
She has a garden.
She has a genetic disorder.
She has a genius for acting.
She has a genius for music.
She has a gentle disposition.
She has a gentle heart.
She has a gentle nature.
She has a gentle voice.
She has a gift for prophecy.
She has a gift.
She has a gigantic appetite.
She has a gold credit card.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
She has a good command of French.
She has a good figure.
She has a good hand for painting.
She has a good heart.
She has a good many friends here.
She has a good memory, too.
She has a good memory.
She has a good reason for avoiding him.
She has a good relationship with her mother-in-law.
She has a good relationship with her parents, which means she can always ask them for help when she needs it.
She has a good reputation.
She has a good voice, doesn't she?
She has a graceful carriage.
She has a graceful demeanor.
She has a great affection for her little brothers.
She has a great affection for her parents.
She has a great appetite for adventure.
She has a great body.
She has a great faculty for music.
She has a great fear of snakes.
She has a great interest in house keeping.
She has a great interest in music.
She has a great liking for rich foods.
She has a great love for antique goods.
She has a great mastery of the Italian language.
She has a great number of books.
She has a great physique.
She has a great relationship with her brother-in-law.
She has a great smile.
She has a great wish to travel around the world.
She has a growth on her arm.
She has a growth on her nape.
She has a guide dog.
She has a habit of biting her nails.
She has a habit of coughing before she speaks.
She has a hair salon in Algeria.
She has a handsome boyfriend.
She has a hard-on.
She has a harsh stepfather.
She has a headache.
She has a healthy life style.
She has a healthy lifestyle.
She has a heart condition.
She has a heart disease.
She has a heart of gold.
She has a heart of stone!
She has a heated swimming pool.
She has a high grade of intelligence.
She has a high opinion of herself.
She has a high opinion of him.
She has a high-class hotel.
She has a hot temper.
She has a house at the beach.
She has a house by the sea.
She has a house, a dog, a cat, two kids and a husband.
She has a house.
She has a huge crush on him.
She has a huge feather.
She has a huge nose.
She has a hunger for knowledge.
She has a husband and children.
She has a husband and kids.
She has a husband and two daughters.
She has a husband.
She has a jacuzzi in her garden.
She has a job with good prospects.
She has a keen business sense.
She has a kid.
She has a kidney problem.
She has a kind heart, so I think it'll make her happy.
She has a kind heart.
She has a kind of nobleness about her.
She has a knack for math.
She has a large bedroom to herself.
She has a large bosom.
She has a large family to support.
She has a large fortune to herself.
She has a large lump on her back.
She has a large mansion.
She has a large office in this building.
She has a large room all to herself.
She has a large staff working for her.
She has a light-blue dress with short sleeves.
She has a light-blue pair of shoes.
She has a little black dog.
She has a little bread.
She has a little money put aside.
She has a lively interest in everything around us.
She has a long drive ahead of her.
She has a long nose.
She has a loose tongue.
She has a lot going for her.
She has a lot in common with him.
She has a lot of English books.
She has a lot of Kabyle dresses.
She has a lot of allergies, so she prefers to cook her own food instead of going to restaurants.
She has a lot of books in her room.
She has a lot of books.
She has a lot of carry-on luggage.
She has a lot of confidence in herself.
She has a lot of credit card debt.
She has a lot of experience as a doctor.
She has a lot of experience in computers.
She has a lot of experience in this field of work.
She has a lot of experience team teaching.
She has a lot of experience with mechanics.
She has a lot of faults. Still, I like her.
She has a lot of faults; even so, she is liked by everybody.
She has a lot of free time on her hands lately.
She has a lot of friends from different parts of the world.
She has a lot of friends here.
She has a lot of friends in America.
She has a lot of friends in school.
She has a lot of gray hair.
She has a lot of grey hair.
She has a lot of history books.
She has a lot of money.
She has a lot of patience.
She has a lot of perfumes.
She has a lot of pictures of him.
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.
She has a lot of tattoos on her body.
She has a lot of things to do.
She has a lot of work to do.
She has a lot on her mind.
She has a lot on her plate.
She has a love of learning.
She has a love of music.
She has a lovely Kabyle accent.
She has a lovely Kabyle dress.
She has a lovely round face.
She has a lover.
She has a loving family.
She has a low sex drive.
She has a lump on her forehead.
She has a lump on her neck.
She has a lunch date with him.
She has a magnetic personality.
She has a marvelous sense of humor.
She has a masculine way of talking.
She has a message for him.
She has a migraine.
She has a milky complexion.
She has a mill.
She has a mind like a steel trap.
She has a mole under her left eye.
She has a mother who loves her.
She has a mother.
She has a motivating effect on others.
She has a mouse.
She has a mysterious air about her.
She has a mysterious side.
She has a nasty cut on her cheek.
She has a nasty cut on her leg.
She has a nasty personality.
She has a natural talent for music.
She has a negative attitude toward life.
She has a neighbor who arrived from Japan.
She has a new Berber dictionary.
She has a new Kabyle dress.
She has a new boyfriend.
She has a new car.
She has a new guide dog.
She has a new job and a new boyfriend.
She has a new man in her life.
She has a nice Kabyle dress.
She has a nice ass.
She has a nice body.
She has a nice daughter, but she is good for nothing.
She has a nice face.
She has a nice figure.
She has a nice line in self-deprecation.
She has a nice little ass.
She has a nice rack.
She has a nice voice.
She has a nodding acquaintance with him.
She has a pale complexion.
She has a particular concept of home.
She has a passion for cake.
She has a passion for her work.
She has a pen in her hand.
She has a perfect alibi.
She has a perfect body.
She has a perfect witness.
She has a phobia of dogs.
She has a photographic memory.
She has a piano lesson once a week.
She has a picture he wants to show him.
She has a picture.
She has a piece of bread stuck in her throat.
She has a plan now.
She has a pleasant character.
She has a point.
She has a positive attitude.
She has a preachy tone that puts people off.
She has a pretty daughter.
She has a pretty doll.
She has a pretty face.
She has a pretty loose mouth.
She has a pretty smile.
She has a problem with him.
She has a problem.
She has a proportionate figure.
She has a pure heart.
She has a purplish face.
She has a question.
She has a quick grasp.
She has a rare given name.
She has a ravenous craving for chocolate.
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.
She has a real stubborn streak.
She has a really bad toothache.
She has a really cute accent.
She has a remarkable capacity for learning languages.
She has a rich boyfriend.
She has a rich vocabulary of English words.
She has a right to defend herself.
She has a right to her own opinion.
She has a right to know this before anyone else.
She has a ring whose value is beyond belief.
She has a ring with a jewel.
She has a ring worth more than she can imagine.
She has a ring.
She has a robust constitution.
She has a roll.
She has a rose in her hair.
She has a rose in her hand.
She has a round face.
She has a rude manner.
She has a rudimentary grasp of the Berber language.
She has a rug.
She has a runny nose.
She has a safe in her office.
She has a scar on her cheek.
She has a scar on her chin.
She has a scar on her face.
She has a scar on her forehead.
She has a scar on her left cheek.
She has a scar on her right leg.
She has a scar on her stomach.
She has a scar on the left elbow.
She has a scarf around her neck.
She has a scratch on her forehead.
She has a screw loose.
She has a secret admirer.
She has a secret crush on her sister's boyfriend.
She has a secret.
She has a sense of fashion.
She has a sense of humor.
She has a sense of humour.
She has a sensual mouth.
She has a serious boyfriend.
She has a set of irregular teeth.
She has a sharp nose.
She has a sharp tongue.
She has a short attention span.
She has a short temper.
She has a short-sleeved light-blue dress.
She has a shower every morning.
She has a shower every night.
She has a skinny butt.
She has a slender figure.
She has a slender waist.
She has a slight lisp.
She has a small advantage.
She has a small black dog.
She has a small house.
She has a small waist.
She has a small, black dog.
She has a soft and clear voice.
She has a soft spot for him.
She has a soft spot for you.
She has a soft voice.
She has a soft, soothing voice.
She has a son and a daughter.
She has a son and two daughters.
She has a son everybody loves.
She has a son who is a doctor.
She has a son, who became a doctor.
She has a son.
She has a sore back.
She has a spare tire around her waist.
She has a special organ just for digesting chocolate.
She has a special way of making bread.
She has a splinter in her finger.
She has a sprinkler system in her front yard.
She has a stalker.
She has a stepfather.
She has a strange disease.
She has a strange hat on.
She has a strange illness.
She has a strong bias against abstract painting.
She has a strong character.
She has a strong dislike of insects.
She has a strong interest in her field.
She has a strong liking for cooking.
She has a strong objection to my plan.
She has a strong personality.
She has a strong wish to work as an interpreter.
She has a submissive personality.
She has a subtle charm.
She has a sunny disposition.
She has a superiority complex.
She has a surprise for him.
She has a sweet tooth.
She has a swelling on her neck.
She has a swimming pool.
She has a swollen belly.
She has a swollen head.
She has a talent for dance.
She has a talent for languages.
She has a talent for music.
She has a talent for writing.
She has a taste for reading.
She has a tattoo of a lizard on her thigh.
She has a telephone.
She has a tendency to fantasise.
She has a tendency to look on the dark side of things.
She has a tender heart.
She has a terror of darkness.
She has a theory.
She has a thick Kabyle accent.
She has a thing about red-haired people.
She has a thing for him.
She has a thing for older men.
She has a thorough grasp of her work.
She has a tidy apartment.
She has a tight schedule.
She has a ton of stuffed animals in her car.
She has a toothache.
She has a traditional food business.
She has a twinkle in her eye.
She has a unique art style.
She has a very beautiful accent.
She has a very beautiful laugh.
She has a very busy schedule.
She has a very busy work schedule.
She has a very enviable position.
She has a very expensive bicycle.
She has a very good figure.
She has a very good piano teacher.
She has a very good relationship with her students.
She has a very good voice.
She has a very high opinion of herself.
She has a very high-pitched voice.
She has a very important role.
She has a very open personality.
She has a very peculiar sense of humor.
She has a very pretty face.
She has a very quick mind.
She has a very radical opinion about the problem.
She has a very strong personality.
She has a very welcoming smile.
She has a victim mentality.
She has a view that is different from mine.
She has a vivid imagination.
She has a voluptuous body.
She has a wasp waist.
She has a way of keeping old letters.
She has a way with words.
She has a wayward streak that worries her parents.
She has a weak stomach.
She has a website for her business.
She has a well-proportioned figure.
She has a white cat.
She has a white dog.
She has a wicked tongue.
She has a wonderful hand with children.
She has a wonderful personality.
She has a wool hat.
She has a yard.
She has a year left on her contract.
She has a yellow Kabyle dress.
She has a young voice.
She has a youthful voice.
She has about 2,000 books.
She has about as many stamps as I do.
She has about forty students in her class.
She has about two thousand books.
She has absolute trust in him.
She has absolutely no confidence.
She has absolutely no enemies.
She has abstained ever since.
She has abundant hair.
She has accounts in all social networks.
She has achieved her goals.
She has achieved nothing.
She has acne.
She has all her suits made to order.
She has all the good qualities in her.
She has all the money she needs.
She has almond-shaped eyes.
She has already been told to stay away from him.
She has already begun.
She has already completed the form.
She has already completed this form.
She has already cooked the meal.
She has already donated a lot of money.
She has already done.
She has already eaten.
She has already explained the problem.
She has already finished the work.
She has already forgotten.
She has already found out all she needs to know from the news.
She has already gone home.
She has already gone to school.
She has already introduced herself to him.
She has already left on her motorbike.
She has already left the office.
She has already left.
She has already lived in that town for five years.
She has already mopping the floors.
She has already packed her suitcases.
She has already published two books.
She has already sold her car.
She has already spoken with the President.
She has already told Mom everything.
She has already told you, hasn't she?
She has already visited the USA.
She has also published articles in the periodical Science.
She has also said she can't do that.
She has also said she won't do that.
She has altered the way she does her hair.
She has altitude sickness.
She has always been a popular actress.
She has always been afraid of getting old.
She has always been an actress.
She has always been at the head of her class.
She has always been easy to get along with.
She has always been faithful to her husband.
She has always believed in good.
She has always done her best to make their life easier.
She has always dreamt of taking a trip to Australia.
She has always dreamt of travelling to Australia.
She has always dressed and identified as a male.
She has always had a kind of love-hate relationship with the Berber language.
She has always had problems with the circulation in her hands and feet.
She has always lived in Otaru.
She has always refused to do nudity.
She has always repeated that she is innocent.
She has always smoked.
She has always treated Walid like a son.
She has always wanted to go to the mall at night.
She has always wanted to own a house.
She has always wanted to start a YouTube channel to teach Berber.
She has amazing eyes.
She has an abscess on her foot.
She has an absent look on her face.
She has an abundant supply of seeds to plant in the spring.
She has an abusive father who can't give her affection.
She has an accredited diploma.
She has an acid tongue.
She has an advantage over me.
She has an agreeable disposition.
She has an agreeable voice.
She has an airtight alibi.
She has an amazing smile.
She has an ample bust.
She has an amusing turn of phrase.
She has an ancient family name.
She has an annoying voice.
She has an appointment at 11 a.m.
She has an appointment at 11 o'clock.
She has an asthma attack again.
She has an attitude problem.
She has an automatic washing machine.
She has an ax to grind.
She has an eating disorder.
She has an electric car.
She has an elegant manner.
She has an encyclopedic knowledge of cooking.
She has an enormous nose.
She has an epileptic seizure.
She has an equal number of grandsons and granddaughters.
She has an evident need of medical attention.
She has an excellent track record for staying on task.
She has an extraordinary ability in music.
She has an extravagant lifestyle.
She has an extreme colonial mentality. She is crazy for Spanish culture.
She has an extremely expressive singing voice.
She has an eye for antiques.
She has an eye for beauty.
She has an eye for the beautiful.
She has an eye on a good bargain.
She has an iguana.
She has an impeccable alibi.
She has an important air about her.
She has an important exam.
She has an important role in our organization.
She has an incurable disease.
She has an indefinite contract.
She has an inflammation of the dental pulp.
She has an innate love of adventure.
She has an interest in fashion.
She has an iron in the fire.
She has an old Algerian family background.
She has an older brother.
She has an open tibia fracture.
She has an opinion about the lesson, but doesn't have the courage to speak.
She has an opportunity to learn.
She has an oval face.
She has an unbridled passion for apricot juice.
She has an uncle who works in a bank.
She has an unhealthy obsession with Tom.
She has an unquenchable desire for justice.
She has another man in her life.
She has another phone number as well.
She has another phone number.
She has answered, France has answered, in thunderings articulate, / From the Alps and either Seaboard, to the Pyrenees, the Rhine; / And though a horde of demagogues may bellow and gesticulate, / They know this is a victory of the PEOPLE'S RIGHT DIVINE.
She has anxiety for your safety.
She has arrived.
She has as fine a figure as I have ever seen.
She has as many as me.
She has as many as seven children.
She has as many books again as he.
She has as many books as I.
She has as many books as her father does.
She has as many books as me.
She has as many stamps as I do.
She has as many stamps as I.
She has asked him to change his mind.
She has asked the man at the hotel desk to get her the number.
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
She has asked us to do that for her.
She has asked us to help her.
She has aspirations to become an interior decorator.
She has assisted us in the kitchen.
She has assured me she'll be there.
She has assured me she'll do that.
She has asthma.
She has at least partial Berber ancestry.
She has at least twelve children.
She has attractive eyes.
She has attractive feet.
She has back pain.
She has bad eyesight.
She has baked a cake for lunch.
She has balloons.
She has balls.
She has beautiful blue eyes.
She has beautiful boobs.
She has beautiful breasts.
She has beautiful eyes.
She has beautiful feet.
She has beautiful hair.
She has beautiful handwriting.
She has beautiful hips.
She has beautiful rosy cheeks.
She has beauty and charm.
She has beauty and what passes for intelligence.
She has beauty as a point in her favour.
She has become Muslim.
She has become a nurse.
She has become a postwoman.
She has become a very streetwise girl.
She has become more and more beautiful.
She has become the laughingstock now.
She has become the laughingstock of the village!
She has bedroom eyes.
She has been a gambler all her life.
She has been a great mom.
She has been a nominee on five occasions, three of them in consecutive years.
She has been a part of my life for the last four years.
She has been a photographer all weekend.
She has been a wonderful role model for us.
She has been absent from school for five days.
She has been absent since last Wednesday.
She has been asked to sit on the committee.
She has been asking for a cat for a while.
She has been baking biscuits.
She has been better.
She has been blind from birth.
She has been busy all month.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the U.S.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the USA.
She has been busy preparing for the coming trip to the U.S.
She has been busy since last week.
She has been busy since yesterday.
She has been busy, hasn't she?
She has been cherishing that flower.
She has been chosen to lead the team.
She has been complaining about the noise.
She has been cooking hours.
She has been dating an actor.
She has been dating him for about two years.
She has been dead five years.
She has been dead for ten years.
She has been disappearing a lot lately.
She has been donating money to the orphanage.
She has been drinking.
She has been dumb since birth.
She has been dyeing her hair black for years.
She has been dying her hair.
She has been eyeing the service award since her first day at the job.
She has been faking her orgasms with you.
She has been gambling again.
She has been going out with him for about two years.
She has been harbouring a great level of resentment all these years.
She has been having issues with this for months.
She has been having lesbian encounters.
She has been here before, and so have I.
She has been hospitalized for 2 months already.
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about.
She has been ill for three weeks.
She has been ill since about summer.
She has been ill since last Wednesday.
She has been in Japan for three years.
She has been in hospital for a month.
She has been in jail.
She has been in prison.
She has been in the hospital for a month.
She has been investing her energy in helping the poor in that area.
She has been invited to give the keynote speech at their annual conference.
She has been invited to sing in a choir in a foreign country.
She has been jealous all this time.
She has been kidnapped from the hospital the day she was born.
She has been learning Cantonese for two years.
She has been learning English since the age of ten.
She has been lied to.
She has been living in Paris for ten years.
She has been living in an abandoned house ever since then.
She has been looking after her sick sister for ten years.
She has been looking for you.
She has been lying, hasn't she?
She has been made redundant.
She has been making biscuits.
She has been marginalized.
She has been married three times.
She has been married to him for a decade now.
She has been married to him for two years.
She has been mending since she entered the hospital.
She has been on a diet for the past two months because she put on too much weight during the winter.
She has been on her own since the age of eighteen.
She has been out of work these two years.
She has been planting roses since 12 o'clock.
She has been poor all her life.
She has been practicing the piano since morning.
She has been praised everywhere.
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.
She has been promoted twice since she joined this company.
She has been renovating her home.
She has been sacked.
She has been sad since her cat died.
She has been saying strange things. I really don't get it.
She has been saying that for months now.
She has been scolding me to write the homework since yesterday.
She has been selling Kabyle dresses for four years.
She has been sick for a week.
She has been sick for three weeks.
She has been sick in bed for a week.
She has been sick in bed for some time.
She has been sick in bed for the last week.
She has been sick in bed since last Monday.
She has been sick since last Wednesday.
She has been sick since last week.
She has been single for a while.
She has been so unfair to the kids.
She has been spreading rumors about him.
She has been struck by lightning three times.
She has been studying English since the age of ten.
She has been studying French for a few years.
She has been studying French for ten years, so she ought to realize what French is.
She has been telling the story to deckchair hirers.
She has been to England once.
She has been to France three times.
She has been to Hawaii several times.
She has been to London three times.
She has been to Paris.
She has been told she can't do that.
She has been told she has to do that.
She has been told she has to leave.
She has been told she should do that.
She has been trapped an hour already.
She has been traveling all over Kabylie.
She has been unhappy since her cat died.
She has been unlucky, hasn't she?
She has been very lonesome since her husband died.
She has been waiting for him thirty minutes.
She has been watching television for three hours.
She has been watching the kids for days.
She has been with a publishing company for two years.
She has been with me through the ebb and flow of my fortunes.
She has been wondering if she really has any Semitic ancestry.
She has been working at the university for years.
She has been working here for years.
She has begun to play tennis not so much out of curiosity as out of vanity.
She has big apples.
She has big boobs.
She has big boots.
She has big breasts.
She has big dreams for her future.
She has big guns.
She has big hands.
She has big lips.
She has black hair.
She has blond hair.
She has blonde hair and a slim figure.
She has blonde hair and blue eyes.
She has blonde hair.
She has blue eyes and blonde hair.
She has blue eyes.
She has blue undertones to her skin.
She has borrowed my car without asking.
She has both beauty and brains.
She has bought a new computer.
She has bought a record of dance music.
She has bought herself a coat.
She has bought some cloth; she is going to make herself a dress.
She has braces on her teeth.
She has braces.
She has brains.
She has breast cancer.
She has bright teeth.
She has broad shoulders.
She has broken his heart.
She has broken the toaster again.
She has broken with him.
She has brought nothing but trouble here!
She has brought up five children.
She has brown eyes.
She has brown shoes.
She has buried her only son.
She has called off her trip.
She has canceled her party.
She has cardiac arrhythmia.
She has cats.
She has caught a serious illness.
She has caught cholera.
She has caught up with you in every respect.
She has changed a lot since high school.
She has changed a lot since secondary school.
She has changed a lot since then.
She has changed greatly since I last saw her.
She has changed her mind.
She has changed her plans.
She has changed now.
She has changed.
She has charisma.
She has charm.
She has checked.
She has children now.
She has children.
She has chosen me to be with her.
She has chronic bronchitis.
She has coffee-colored shoes.
She has come a long way.
She has come out of her coma.
She has come to her senses.
She has come to know something like love.
She has come to this mosque before.
She has come up with the best result once again.
She has come up with the right answer once again.
She has committed all the pieces of that musician to memory.
She has complete faith in him.
She has completely recovered from her illness.
She has confidence in Tom.
She has confidence in him, and that's all he needs.
She has confidence in him.
She has consented to take the leadership of the party.
She has constructive ideas.
She has convulsions.
She has crabs now that they are in season.
She has crocheted herself a jumper.
She has crooked teeth.
She has crucified herself.
She has cute dimples when she smiles.
She has dark curly hair that glistens.
She has dark hair.
She has dated actors before.
She has decided she'll do that.
She has decided she's had enough.
She has decided that she'll do that.
She has decided to live in America for good.
She has decided to live in the United States for good.
She has decided to run every day.
She has declined the invitation.
She has delicate skin.
She has denied she cheated.
She has denied she did that.
She has denied that she cheated.
She has denied that she did that.
She has developed a style of her own.
She has devoted most of her spare time to playing the piano.
She has diabetes and so they chopped off her feet.
She has diarrhea.
She has died.
She has difficulties with math.
She has disappeared.
She has disgraced herself.
She has dishonored the family.
She has dizzy spells.
She has done a good deed.
She has done all she can.
She has done everything she can do.
She has done everything she can.
She has done her best.
She has done her homework.
She has done him many kindnesses.
She has done it again.
She has done it before.
She has done it.
She has done nothing wrong.
She has done that again, hasn't she?
She has done that, hasn't she?
She has done the best she can do.
She has done the best she can.
She has done this before, hasn't she?
She has done this too many times.
She has done this.
She has done us many kindnesses.
She has done what she can.
She has done what she had to do.
She has done what she promised to do.
She has done what she was told to do.
She has done what we told her to do.
She has done wonders in the scientific field.
She has double eyelids.
She has dressed for sex.
She has dropped out of school due to health issues.
She has drunk milk.
She has dry hair.
She has dyed her hair black.
She has eagle eyes.
She has earplugs.
She has eight clocks.
She has eight dogs. That's quite a few.
She has eight dogs. That’s quite a few.
She has eight watches.
She has enough money.
She has enough time.
She has enough willpower.
She has enriched me, improving my life.
She has even more books.
She has even teeth.
She has every reason to feel aggrieved.
She has everything for a happy life.
She has everything she needs.
She has everything she wants.
She has everything that she needs.
She has everything that she wants.
She has everything.
She has expensive tastes in cars.
She has experience.
She has eyes like emeralds.
She has eyes like no one has ever seen.
She has faced many obstacles in her career.
She has failed the exam.
She has fainted.
She has fair skin and hair.
She has faith in her beauty.
She has faith in me.
She has fake eyelashes.
She has fallen in love with me.
She has fallen into ridicule now.
She has fallen so low as to sing at a third-rate night club.
She has faults, but I love her none the less.
She has faults, too.
She has feelings for him.
She has few books.
She has few friends.
She has finally achieved her end.
She has finally achieved her goal.
She has finally been regarded by the nation as the most charismatic actress.
She has finally found her prince charming.
She has finally reached the Arctic.
She has finally recovered from her cold.
She has fine features.
She has fine manners.
She has finished correcting the exercises.
She has finished eating, hasn't she?
She has finished her work.
She has finished.
She has five brothers.
She has five cats.
She has five older brothers.
She has flowers in her hand.
She has fond memories of him.
She has forgiven him for everything.
She has forgiven him.
She has forgotten about that.
She has forgotten everything.
She has forgotten seeing me before.
She has forgotten what she ate yesterday.
She has forgotten what she was going to say.
She has forgotten what she was going to write.
She has found a way to solve this.
She has found herself in a ridiculous situation now.
She has found one.
She has four Kabyle dresses.
She has four children.
She has four daughters, and all four are pretty.
She has four of them.
She has freckles.
She has friends who can help her.
She has friends.
She has gained a few pounds.
She has gained weight.
She has giant hands.
She has giant man hands.
She has gingivitis.
She has given birth to five children.
She has given her word.
She has given me a shirt.
She has given me her book.
She has given up hope.
She has given up on trying to learn Berber.
She has goats.
She has gone abroad.
She has gone crazy.
She has gone for a walk somewhere.
She has gone out with him.
She has gone out.
She has gone over to the other side.
She has gone shopping.
She has gone through many difficulties.
She has gone to America.
She has gone to Italy.
She has gone to Paris.
She has gone to the United States.
She has gone to the bad since she lost her husband.
She has gone to the swimming pool.
She has gone to work.
She has gone too far.
She has gone, I feel like crying.
She has gone, but I still love her.
She has gone. I feel like crying.
She has gonorrhea.
She has good control over her class.
She has good eyesight.
She has good footwork.
She has good handwriting.
She has good ideas.
She has good sense.
She has good style, so she looks good in anything she wears.
She has good taste, so she looks great regardless of what she wears.
She has good taste.
She has got a book.
She has got a flu, she cannot get up.
She has got a job to do.
She has got a lot of weak points.
She has got a mellow, round voice.
She has got a new Kabyle dress.
She has got a nice hat on.
She has got cold feet.
She has got different interests now.
She has got it.
She has got long hair.
She has got no desire to live.
She has got over her illness.
She has got plans.
She has got the prettiest buttocks I've ever seen.
She has got the prettiest buttocks I’ve ever seen.
She has got there just in time.
She has got things she needs to do.
She has got three daughters.
She has got to go straight to school.
She has got what she wanted.
She has gout.
She has graced the covers of several fashion magazines.
She has grandchildren.
She has great ability in teaching English.
She has great charm.
She has great hate for dogs.
She has great respect for her form teacher.
She has great respect for her homeroom teacher.
She has great respect for her teacher.
She has green eyes and blonde hair.
She has green eyes and light brown hair.
She has green eyes.
She has grey hair.
She has grieved over his loss for nearly ten years.
She has grown into a beautiful young lady.
She has grown stronger.
She has grown up to be a woman.
She has guests.
She has had a long day.
She has had a magnificent career.
She has had a rough day.
She has had about all she can take.
She has had enough.
She has had her chance.
She has had her house repainted.
She has had multiple plastic surgeries, including breast augmentations and a nose job.
She has had quite a lot to drink.
She has had surgery.
She has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen.
She has had the support of friends at school.
She has had the support of her family.
She has had this house since 2010.
She has had to stay here.
She has hair similar to his.
She has hanged herself.
She has hated him as long as I can remember.
She has hated him for as long as I can remember.
She has hazel eyes.
She has heard about what happened.
She has heard there is no treatment for COVID-19 and wonders, “Am I going to slump over? Is that going to be it?”
She has heard there is no treatment for COVID-19.
She has her arm in a cast.
She has her children with her.
She has her daughter with her.
She has her dog with her.
She has her eyes closed.
She has her father's eyes and her mother's nose.
She has her father's gait.
She has her father's nose.
She has her faults, but I like her.
She has her finger on the pulse.
She has her hands full.
She has her heart in music.
She has her hijab on.
She has her kid with her.
She has her kids with her.
She has her mother's eyes.
She has her own apartment.
She has her own bedroom.
She has her own blog.
She has her own business.
She has her own house.
She has her own life to live.
She has her own problems.
She has her own reasons for doing it.
She has her own restaurant.
She has her own room.
She has her own way in everything.
She has her period.
She has her pyjamas on.
She has her reasons for doing that.
She has her reasons.
She has her toes in the water.
She has her umbrella with her.
She has her whole life ahead of her.
She has her work cut out for her.
She has him at her beck and call.
She has him under her thumb.
She has him wrapped around her finger.
She has his number.
She has hit the jackpot once again.
She has honourable intentions.
She has hope.
She has huge debts.
She has huge hands.
She has huge man hands.
She has hundreds of books.
She has hurt her left arm.
She has hurt her left hand.
She has hurt her leg.
She has improved her skill in cooking recently.
She has incredible beauty and great wisdom.
She has infinite resources.
She has inherent dignity.
She has injured her hand.
She has injured her left arm.
She has injured her left hand.
She has injured her shoulder.
She has injured herself.
She has international renown as a painter.
She has invited me to attend her wedding.
She has invited you all.
She has issues with gluten.
She has issues.
She has it there.
She has just arrived at the school.
She has just arrived.
She has just been to the post office to get her package.
She has just bought an apartment in Kabylie, Algeria.
She has just come home.
She has just finished doing her nails.
She has just finished secondary school.
She has just finished washing dishes.
She has just given birth.
She has just gone inside.
She has just gone out.
She has just got here.
She has just graduated from college.
She has just left.
She has just lost her job.
She has just missed the train.
She has just phoned.
She has just returned from abroad.
She has just rung.
She has just seen him.
She has just stated a fact.
She has just stolen your boyfriend.
She has just told me.
She has just turned twelve.
She has just turned twenty.
She has kept a diary for 3 years.
She has kept her promise.
She has kids.
She has knitted her an angora pullover.
She has knowledge and experience.
She has known better days.
She has known him for a long time.
She has known him only a fortnight.
She has known him since they were very young.
She has known them for a long time!
She has large blue eyes.
She has large breasts.
She has large hands.
She has large interests in the car industry.
She has learned the entire repertoire of that artist by heart.
She has led a very sheltered life.
She has left her umbrella behind.
She has left me.
She has left us.
She has left, but she'll be back.
She has legally divorced her husband.
She has lent me a new CD of a very good Brazilian band called Tinastacia.
She has let her house furnished.
She has liking for ice cream.
She has little contact with the children's father.
She has little knowledge of physics.
She has little knowledge of science.
She has lived alone ever since her husband died.
She has lived alone for ages.
She has lived and she will still live.
She has lived here all her life.
She has lived here for more than a year.
She has lived in this city for five years already.
She has lived independently since her 18th birthday.
She has lived there for seven years.
She has lived with us since last summer.
She has located Tom.
She has long arms and legs.
She has long braids.
She has long feet.
She has long hair.
She has long legs.
She has long, curly hair.
She has lost all hope.
She has lost both her parents.
She has lost both parents.
She has lost face.
She has lost faith in the doctor.
She has lost her car key.
She has lost her car keys.
She has lost her glasses.
She has lost her head.
She has lost her hearing.
She has lost her key.
She has lost her keys.
She has lost her mind.
She has lost her passport.
She has lost her umbrella.
She has lost her voice.
She has lost the little money she had.
She has lost weight.
She has lost, that is why she is crying.
She has lots of friends to help her.
She has lots of things she has to do.
She has lots of things to tell him.
She has lovely dimples in her cheeks.
She has lovers for every day of the week.
She has low tastes.
She has lunch at home.
She has lung cancer.
She has made a fool of herself.
She has made great progress recently.
She has made her choice.
She has made herself clear.
She has made herself master of flower arranging.
She has made herself master of typing.
She has made some biscuits.
She has made the same mistake as last time.
She has made up her mind to go to America to study.
She has made up her mind to go to the States to study.
She has made up her mind.
She has mahogany furniture.
She has many American friends.
She has many admirers regardless where she goes.
She has many books.
She has many boyfriends, but this one is special.
She has many dogs.
She has many enemies in the political world.
She has many faults, but I trust her none the less.
She has many faults.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
She has many friends in the United States.
She has many friends to help her.
She has many friends.
She has many good qualities.
She has many handkerchiefs.
She has many history books.
She has many hobbies, cooking, knitting, gardening, collecting stamps, and so on.
She has many problems of her own.
She has many problems. She will end up committing suicide.
She has many rings and wants one more.
She has many skirts.
She has many valuable books.
She has marginalised herself.
She has marginalized herself.
She has married a nobody.
She has married nobody.
She has mascara all over her face.
She has memorized all the songs of that singer.
She has mended the broken table.
She has mental issues.
She has met someone.
She has milk.
She has misaligned teeth.
She has missed her chance.
She has missed this.
She has money problems.
She has money.
She has moods.
She has more books than I have.
She has more books than she can read.
She has more books.
She has more experience than others.
She has more money than brains.
She has more money than she needs.
She has more than one trick up her sleeve.
She has more years than me.
She has moved house six times since she came here.
She has moved.
She has much greater command of language and uses a greater variety of words.
She has multiple sclerosis.
She has my Kabyle dress.
She has my hand in hers.
She has narrow hips.
She has nearly no close friends.
She has never asked a favour of anybody.
She has never asked me to help her.
She has never been asked for a date.
She has never been asked out on a date.
She has never been in a car driven by him.
She has never been in love.
She has never been so scared.
She has never been so sure.
She has never been there.
She has never been to Algeria.
She has never been to Hokkaido.
She has never been to Kabylie, Algeria.
She has never been to Kabylie.
She has never been to school with us.
She has never been to school.
She has never danced before.
She has never danced with him.
She has never done that by herself.
She has never eaten in my house.
She has never ever really loved me.
She has never fallen in love.
She has never forgotten those rules.
She has never gone abroad.
She has never gone on a date with him.
She has never had a bad experience.
She has never heard of me, has she?
She has never known love.
She has never let you down.
She has never lived in India.
She has never met Maria.
She has never raised a child.
She has never read a book in her life.
She has never said anything about it.
She has never said she was sorry.
She has never seen him.
She has never seen it before.
She has never seen the ocean.
She has never seen the sea.
She has never sung a song with him.
She has never taken a vacation abroad.
She has never visited her.
She has never visited him.
She has never worn a Kabyle dress.
She has news about him.
She has nice legs.
She has nice teeth.
She has nightmares.
She has no bicycle.
She has no brains.
She has no brothers.
She has no care when writing in French.
She has no chances of coming in contact with foreigners.
She has no children of her own.
She has no children, does she?
She has no children.
She has no choice.
She has no clue who she's with.
She has no clue.
She has no computer.
She has no control over her class.
She has no deep convictions.
She has no desire to go dancing with him.
She has no enemies.
She has no experience in typing, nor does the skill interest her.
She has no faith in God.
She has no family.
She has no fashion sense.
She has no faults.
She has no fear.
She has no fewer than seven sons.
She has no figure.
She has no friends at all.
She has no friends whatsoever.
She has no girlfriend.
She has no glasses.
She has no honour.
She has no hope left.
She has no idea how lucky she is.
She has no idea she's being ignored.
She has no idea that I'm coming.
She has no idea what I intend to do.
She has no idea what happened to him.
She has no idea what she's doing.
She has no idea what she's talking about.
She has no idea what we've planned.
She has no idea what's become of him.
She has no idea what's happened to him.
She has no illusion about my ability.
She has no imagination.
She has no intention of apologizing to him.
She has no intention of going there by herself.
She has no intention of letting her son travel by himself.
She has no intention of marrying him.
She has no job, no boyfriend, no money and no apartment.
She has no knowledge.
She has no less chance than I do.
She has no less than one thousand yen.
She has no less than seven sons.
She has no less than ten children.
She has no less than twelve children.
She has no manners at all.
She has no manners.
She has no mercy.
She has no money about her.
She has no money in her pocket.
She has no money.
She has no more pain.
She has no more than 100 dollars.
She has no more than fifteen dollars.
She has no more than one thousand yen.
She has no more than twelve cubs.
She has no more than twelve puppies.
She has no one else she can rely on.
She has no one she can rely on.
She has no one she can turn to.
She has no one to advise her.
She has no one to blame but herself.
She has no one to give her advice.
She has no one to help her.
She has no one to speak to.
She has no one to take care of her.
She has no one to talk to.
She has no one to turn to.
She has no one to wait on her.
She has no one to wait upon her.
She has no one to whom to leave the message.
She has no opinion about religion.
She has no plans for her retirement.
She has no pulse.
She has no qualms about being violent towards her children.
She has no real friends.
She has no reason not to trust him.
She has no reason to be angry.
She has no reason to be jealous.
She has no reason to lie.
She has no remorse.
She has no respect for anyone.
She has no right to do this.
She has no right to speak on behalf of the EU.
She has no self-esteem.
She has no sense of beauty.
She has no sense of duty.
She has no sense of humor.
She has no sense of the beautiful.
She has no sex appeal.
She has no shame.
She has no spatial awareness.
She has no strength even to try to resist.
She has no thought of self.
She has no time for that.
She has no understanding of money.
She has no value.
She has no worth left at this point.
She has nobody to advise her.
She has nobody to blame but herself.
She has nobody to help her.
She has none.
She has not a few friends in America.
She has not been affected by the disease this year.
She has not been heard of since.
She has not been to school.
She has not brought something to eat.
She has not come here yet.
She has not come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She has not completed this form yet.
She has not finished her homework yet.
She has not given birth yet.
She has not more than 1000 yen.
She has not replied.
She has not seen him for a long time.
She has not seen the lawyer.
She has not seen you for a while.
She has not smiled at me.
She has not so much patience as you.
She has not spoken to me yet.
She has not taken a bad way.
She has not woken up yet.
She has not yet accepted his proposal.
She has not yet arrived.
She has not yet had her name entered in her husband's family.
She has not yet had her name entered in her husband’s family.
She has nothing against it.
She has nothing in common with him.
She has nothing in common with them.
She has nothing in common with us.
She has nothing snobbish about her.
She has nothing to do with that affair.
She has nothing to do with the matter.
She has nothing to lose.
She has nothing to say.
She has nothing.
She has occult powers!
She has oily skin.
She has one cat.
She has one kid.
She has one that he doesn't.
She has one too.
She has one.
She has only bitter memories of her time with them.
She has only done half her homework.
She has only heard him fart in the bathroom.
She has only herself to blame.
She has only one flaw.
She has only one great passion in life, dancing.
She has only six months to live.
She has other things on her mind.
She has otherwordly powers!
She has outgrown her clothes.
She has outlived many of her friends.
She has overstayed her visa.
She has overstepped her authority.
She has paid back what she owes us.
She has paid the bill.
She has pain all over her body.
She has painted the door red.
She has partial Berber ancestry and may not be aware of it.
She has passed an English exam.
She has passed away.
She has pear-shaped breasts.
She has pearly eyes.
She has pearly teeth.
She has perfect teeth.
She has perfected the art of handling difficult customers.
She has phoned.
She has pity for her classmates who failed the exam.
She has pity for you.
She has plans.
She has planted a rose.
She has platinum blonde hair.
She has plenty of books.
She has plenty of friends in the United States.
She has plenty of friends.
She has plenty of her own problems.
She has plenty of work to do.
She has pleurisy.
She has poisoned herself.
She has posters of her favorite bands on her walls.
She has preternatural powers!
She has pretty eyes.
She has problems at school.
She has problems dealing with him.
She has problems with her back.
She has problems.
She has promised that she'll do that.
She has promised to come.
She has proof.
She has proven herself.
She has psychic abilities.
She has pulpitis.
She has put her house up for sale.
She has put on weight recently.
She has quite a bit of experience in that field.
She has quite a career ahead of her.
She has quite a lot of clothes.
She has quite a temper, doesn't she?
She has read War and Peace 15 times.
She has read a lot of Tagalog books.
She has realized I don't love her.
She has really let herself go.
She has received a good education.
She has received a present from him.
She has recently given birth.
She has recently made remarkable progress in English.
She has red flowers.
She has red hair and freckles.
She has red hair, so they gave her the nickname "Carrot".
She has red hair, so they gave her the nickname "Carrot-Top".
She has red hair.
She has red spots all over her body.
She has reddish hair, whence comes her nickname "Carrot".
She has reddish hair. That's why her nickname is Carrot.
She has rejected his request.
She has remained abroad ever since.
She has remained in her present position for ten years.
She has reminded him many times to do his homework.
She has renovated the old houses.
She has reported sick today.
She has returned from Madrid.
She has returned.
She has run out of fuel.
She has rung.
She has sagging tits and her husband has a limp noodle.
She has said she can't do that.
She has said she can't win.
She has said she has to do that.
She has said she intends to do that.
She has said she needs to do that.
She has said she should do that.
She has said she wants to do that.
She has said she won't do that again.
She has said she won't do that.
She has said she won't win.
She has said she'll do that.
She has said she'll win.
She has sail-like ears.
She has scars all over her body.
She has scars on her arms.
She has scars on her legs.
She has scars that will last for the rest of her life.
She has school tomorrow.
She has scorn for me.
She has seconds of life left.
She has secrets.
She has seen a lot of crazy things but this one took the cake.
She has seen a lot of life.
She has seen better days.
She has selective hearing.
She has sent Mary a postcard.
She has sent a postcard to Mary.
She has seven children.
She has seven sons.
She has several hundred books.
She has several scars on her arms.
She has several skirts.
She has sharpened the knives.
She has sheep.
She has short hair.
She has shoulder-length hair.
She has shown her room to me.
She has shown she can't be trusted.
She has shown us what she can do.
She has singing lessons.
She has slept with a lot of rock stars.
She has slept with thousands of guys.
She has slept.
She has small breasts, but I don't mind.
She has small feet.
She has snow-white skin.
She has so many things to do before the wedding.
She has soft skin.
She has sold all her valuables.
She has sold her company.
She has sold the rest of her books.
She has some amusing ideas about how to run a company.
She has some beautiful antique furniture.
She has some bizarre ideas about how to run a company.
She has some faults, but I love her all the more because of them.
She has some faults, but I love her none the less.
She has some freckles.
She has some funny ideas about how to run a company.
She has some literary talent.
She has some money of her own.
She has some nice old furniture.
She has some relation to that group.
She has some things she has to do.
She has something different.
She has something else on her mind.
She has something for him.
She has something in her hand.
She has something in her hands.
She has something in her right hand.
She has something in her suitcase for him.
She has something of a magnetic force.
She has something on her face.
She has something she needs to discuss with him.
She has something she needs to do.
She has something she wants to say.
She has something to ask him.
She has something to do with the group.
She has something to hide.
She has something to say to you.
She has something to tell him.
She has something under her arm.
She has something very important to tell him.
She has something very important to tell me.
She has sparkling teeth.
She has special powers.
She has spent all her money.
She has spent her entire life looking for Mr Perfect.
She has spent hours at the gym trying to lose weight.
She has spent most of the day on the phone.
She has spoiled her work by being careless.
She has spoken English well for many years.
She has spoken only in the present perfect.
She has started acting strangely.
She has started high school.
She has started school this year.
She has started to get a few wrinkles around her eyes.
She has started to show an interest in him.
She has stolen from her friends.
She has stolen from us.
She has stopped picking daisies.
She has stopped studying.
She has stopped working.
She has stopped.
She has strong influence on people around her.
She has strong opinions about education.
She has strong opinions on the issues of the day.
She has submitted her resignation.
She has such a fine car that her friends envied her.
She has such a kind heart.
She has such beautiful eyes.
She has suffered from bad headaches for a long time.
She has suffered his ill treatment of her in silence for years.
She has suggested the idea to Marie.
She has sunglasses.
She has survived three wars.
She has sweaty hands.
She has sweet dimples in her cheeks.
She has swept him off his feet.
She has taken a great hold on the public mind.
She has taken everything from me.
She has taken her dog for a walk on the beach.
She has taken to painting in oils.
She has taken up knitting in her spare time.
She has talent in writing.
She has talent.
She has tattoos on her arms.
She has taught me Berber.
She has taught music for thirty years.
She has ten children.
She has that annoying Valley Girl accent.
She has that.
She has the Berber keyboard on her computer.
She has the Berber keyboard on her phone.
She has the ability to communicate in Turkish.
She has the ability to speak and write French.
She has the ability to speak with spirits.
She has the advantage of beauty.
She has the advantage of being bilingual.
She has the air of being a lady.
She has the bad habit of always being late.
She has the beauty of a Greek statue.
She has the big room entirely to herself.
She has the books.
She has the choice to stay or go.
She has the choice.
She has the clap.
She has the eyes of a lynx.
She has the face of a goddess.
She has the flu.
She has the gift of cheering me up, even in the most difficult moments.
She has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous.
She has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she’s nervous.
She has the hands on the window.
She has the hots for Tom.
She has the kindness to lend me a good dictionary.
She has the large house to herself.
She has the largest collection of cuddly toys that I have ever seen.
She has the measles.
She has the most peculiar ideas, which surprise everybody.
She has the possibility to work!
She has the right to defend herself.
She has the right to know the truth.
She has the right to live.
She has the same bag as you have.
She has the same idea as him.
She has the same idea.
She has the skin of a baby.
She has the thirteenth apple.
She has the wine.
She has the wonderful capability to overcome any obstacle.
She has thin lips.
She has things on her mind.
She has things she needs to do.
She has things she still has to do.
She has things she still needs to do.
She has this app.
She has this big room all to herself.
She has this pretty lace nightgown with straps.
She has threatened me with a knife.
She has three brothers.
She has three cars in her garage.
She has three children.
She has three daughters.
She has three kids.
She has three older sisters.
She has three pens in her pocket.
She has three sisters.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the other two are teachers.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
She has three sons who became sailors.
She has three sons, who became sailors.
She has three sons.
She has three teeth out.
She has three tickets in her hand.
She has three times as many dictionaries as you do.
She has three weeks.
She has three young kids of her own.
She has tiny feet.
She has to be feeling better today.
She has to be rushed to the hospital.
She has to be stopped.
She has to be taken to hospital.
She has to brush her teeth.
She has to build a house for her parents.
She has to buy them abroad.
She has to call her grandmother.
She has to change clothes before tonight's party.
She has to change clothes before tonight’s party.
She has to change her bicycle tyre.
She has to change her plan.
She has to change her plans.
She has to come.
She has to count every penny.
She has to cross the river four times.
She has to discuss this with her husband.
She has to do it by herself. Nobody is allowed to help her.
She has to do it.
She has to do that again.
She has to do that by herself.
She has to drink water.
She has to eat.
She has to explain everything to him.
She has to find another way.
She has to finish what she's doing.
She has to fix the fridge.
She has to get by on a low income.
She has to get her hair cut.
She has to get her stuff.
She has to go if she doesn't want to stay.
She has to go see him.
She has to go shopping in the afternoon.
She has to go there herself.
She has to go there.
She has to go to England this summer.
She has to go with him.
She has to grin and bear it.
She has to have a finger in every pie!
She has to have surgery.
She has to help him.
She has to keep her powers hidden from her family.
She has to know that.
She has to learn Berber.
She has to leave Boston.
She has to leave early and pick up her kids at school.
She has to leave this house.
She has to leave, but she doesn't want to.
She has to lie to her family about her boyfriend.
She has to listen to him.
She has to live on the pension.
She has to look after her mother.
She has to look after him.
She has to make her own decisions.
She has to make up her own mind.
She has to manage on a low income.
She has to move to a group home.
She has to pay attention to her diet.
She has to pay for the book.
She has to pay for what she did.
She has to pay her own debts.
She has to pay her rent today.
She has to protect her family.
She has to protect herself.
She has to prove that she is a woman.
She has to read between the lines.
She has to read it.
She has to renew her passport.
She has to speak French for her job.
She has to start as soon as possible.
She has to stay focused.
She has to stay here with him.
She has to stay in the bunker.
She has to stop smoking.
She has to stop.
She has to stretch.
She has to study hard and catch up with everybody in her class.
She has to study science.
She has to take a remedial course in English.
She has to take a rest.
She has to take her medication.
She has to take in the waist of her pants a bit.
She has to tell people the truth.
She has to think about what she consumes.
She has to travel a lot for her job.
She has to wait for a tow truck.
She has to wait for him.
She has to wear a Kabyle dress.
She has to wear a hijab.
She has to wear hijab.
She has to work weeks in order to get a reservation here.
She has told me she can do that.
She has told me she can swim.
She has told me she can win.
She has told me she can't do that.
She has told me she can't win.
She has told me she has to do that.
She has told me she needs to do that.
She has told me she wants to do that.
She has told me she wants to win.
She has told me she won't do that.
She has told me she won't win.
She has told me she'll do that.
She has told me she'll win.
She has told me so much about you.
She has too high an opinion of herself.
She has too many boyfriends.
She has too many friends.
She has too many hobbies to count.
She has too many hobbies to list.
She has too many pairs of shoes, and she never knows which ones to put on.
She has too many unnecessary gadgets. She should give some of them to me!
She has too much chat about her.
She has too much stuff on her face.
She has too much time on her hands.
She has totally changed her character.
She has traits of her aunt Djoher.
She has traveled all over the globe.
She has traveled in foreign countries.
She has traveled in foreign parts.
She has traveled to France three times.
She has travelled through Japan.
She has tried to correct the child’s habit of telling lies.
She has tried to invite him to her birthday party.
She has tried to kill herself again.
She has tried to kill herself.
She has tried various methods of slimming down.
She has triophobia, the fear of the number three.
She has triphobia, the fear of the number three.
She has triskaphobia, the fear of the number three.
She has trouble becoming pregnant.
She has trouble budgeting her time.
She has trouble coping with people like him.
She has trouble keeping her temper.
She has trouble making herself understood in French.
She has turned into a beautiful young lady.
She has twenty children.
She has twice as many CDs as I do.
She has twice as many books as he has.
She has twins to breastfeed.
She has twins.
She has twisted her ankle.
She has two Kabyle dresses.
She has two aunts on her mother's side.
She has two bangles on her right arm.
She has two brothers, who work in the computer industry.
She has two cats.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
She has two cats. One is white and one is black.
She has two cats. One is white and the other one is black.
She has two children.
She has two couches and neither of them were purchased new.
She has two daughters.
She has two faces.
She has two girls, Caroline and Tanya, who are 12 and 13 years, respectively.
She has two houses.
She has two kids to support.
She has two of Picasso's paintings.
She has two older brothers.
She has two parents who love her and will always be there for her.
She has two postgraduate degrees, and will begin work on her doctorate next year.
She has two sisters, both of whom live in Tokyo.
She has two sisters, who live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters.
She has two sisters. Both live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters. Both of them live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters. They live in Kyoto.
She has two sons, I believe.
She has two sons; one is a doctor and the other is a dentist.
She has two sons; one of them is a doctor, and the other is a dentist.
She has two thousand books.
She has two uncles in Belgium.
She has two uncles; one lives in Kyoto and the other in Osaka.
She has ugly hands.
She has undertaken too much work.
She has unrealistic standards.
She has unruly hair.
She has used TikTok to document her experience in quarantine, which she has described as more boring than hectic.
She has uterine cancer.
She has valuable experience working in theaters.
She has vanished.
She has very bad taste in clothing.
She has very beautiful eyes.
She has very big apples.
She has very big hands.
She has very deep convictions.
She has very few close friends.
She has very few photos of herself as a baby.
She has very good content.
She has very good manners.
She has very large ears.
She has very little free time due to her busy schedule.
She has very long and beautiful hair.
She has very long hair.
She has very neat handwriting.
She has very nice eyes.
She has very nice-looking handwriting.
She has very refined manners.
She has very short hair.
She has very small eyes.
She has visited New York once.
She has vowed that she'll do that.
She has waded into one controversy after another.
She has waited her whole life for this very moment.
She has walked to the store.
She has water.
She has watered the plants.
She has wet hair.
She has what she needs.
She has what she wants.
She has white skin.
She has white teeth.
She has wide hips.
She has wine.
She has wit.
She has woken up from her coma.
She has won numerous awards.
She has won numerous prizes.
She has won the regard of the other scientists in her field.
She has work to do.
She has worked at the university for years.
She has worked here for the last three years.
She has worn the same hat for a month.
She has writing talent.
She has written a book and dedicated it to her mother Sidonie.
She has written a song about him.
She has written me a few letters, but I can't understand her handwriting at all.
She has written my name wrong.
She has written several books.
She has written the report.
She has yellow hair.
She has yet to answer any of the questions.
She has yet to respond to Tom's letter.
She hasn't achieved anything.
She hasn't addressed me for more than two days.
She hasn't admitted she did that yet.
She hasn't announced her next move.
She hasn't answered me yet.
She hasn't apologized to him.
She hasn't beaten us yet.
She hasn't been able to contact him.
She hasn't been able to reach him.
She hasn't been answering her phone.
She hasn't been doing her homework.
She hasn't been heard of since.
She hasn't been helping him.
She hasn't been herself lately.
She hasn't been herself the last few days.
She hasn't been married long.
She hasn't been okay ever since her parents got divorced.
She hasn't been okay since her parents' divorce.
She hasn't been outside for a week.
She hasn't been paying her rent.
She hasn't been the same ever since she got that brain chip implanted.
She hasn't been there in years.
She hasn't been to school for three days.
She hasn't been to the dentist's for years.
She hasn't bought her ticket yet.
She hasn't bought what she needs yet.
She hasn't called you, has she?
She hasn't called.
She hasn't changed at all.
She hasn't changed her mind.
She hasn't changed.
She hasn't cleaned her room yet.
She hasn't cleaned his room yet.
She hasn't come here in a long time.
She hasn't come here yet.
She hasn't come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She hasn't come home yet, has she?
She hasn't come yet.
She hasn't come yet. She may have taken a wrong bus.
She hasn't decided yet.
She hasn't done anything.
She hasn't done her homework yet.
She hasn't done her homework.
She hasn't done that again, has she?
She hasn't done that yet, has she?
She hasn't eaten all day.
She hasn't eaten anything.
She hasn't eaten for two days.
She hasn't eaten yet, has she?
She hasn't eaten.
She hasn't even eaten lunch.
She hasn't ever played tennis with him.
She hasn't ever said anything about it.
She hasn't finished her lunch yet.
She hasn't finished her training.
She hasn't forgotten these rules.
She hasn't found anything.
She hasn't gone mad.
She hasn't got a lot to give.
She hasn't got any.
She hasn't got glasses.
She hasn't got much money with her.
She hasn't got much money.
She hasn't got the knack of cooking yet.
She hasn't got to do it herself.
She hasn't got to eat it.
She hasn't got used to that mobile phone yet.
She hasn't got used to that mobile yet.
She hasn't gotten back to me yet.
She hasn't gotten better.
She hasn't had any other boyfriends since him.
She hasn't had breakfast yet.
She hasn't had her dinner yet.
She hasn't had her lunch yet.
She hasn't heard from him.
She hasn't heard the news yet.
She hasn't improved.
She hasn't learned Berber yet.
She hasn't learned her lesson.
She hasn't left her room all day.
She hasn't left the room yet.
She hasn't lost her confidence.
She hasn't lost her fighting spirit.
She hasn't lost hope.
She hasn't lost the game yet.
She hasn't made her schedule public.
She hasn't made it yet.
She hasn't made up her mind yet.
She hasn't met him.
She hasn't opened her book yet.
She hasn't ordered dinner yet.
She hasn't packed her suitcase yet.
She hasn't paid Tom yet.
She hasn't paid her rent yet.
She hasn't paid her rent.
She hasn't paid her taxes.
She hasn't painted her house yet.
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
She hasn't read the book yet.
She hasn't read the letter yet.
She hasn't realized her mistake yet.
She hasn't reimbursed me yet.
She hasn't responded to Tom's letter yet.
She hasn't said a word.
She hasn't said anything about that to me.
She hasn't said what she might do.
She hasn't said what she plans to do.
She hasn't seen Mom since.
She hasn't seen him for a long time.
She hasn't seen him for more than a year.
She hasn't seen you since secondary school.
She hasn't shown it to you.
She hasn't slept all night.
She hasn't sold her house yet.
She hasn't stopped being friends with him.
She hasn't stopped calling me and sending me messages.
She hasn't taken her pills.
She hasn't talked to her ex-husband in ten years.
She hasn't talked to him since his birthday.
She hasn't talked to me since.
She hasn't texted me back.
She hasn't told me who helped her.
She hasn't told me who helped him.
She hasn't told me why she did that.
She hasn't told us her opinion yet.
She hasn't told us what she might do.
She hasn't touched her food.
She hasn't translated the sentences in French.
She hasn't turned up yet.
She hasn't understood the question.
She hasn't violated her contract.
She hasn't washed her car in ages.
She hasn't washed her car recently.
She hasn't worn a Kabyle dress in a long time.
She hasn't yet admitted she did that.
She hasn't yet apologized to him.
She hasn't yet bought her ticket.
She hasn't yet bought what she needs.
She hasn't yet done her homework.
She hasn't yet even kissed him.
She hasn't yet heard the news.
She hasn't yet made up her mind.
She hasn't yet recovered from the trauma of the abortion.
She hasn't yet sold her house.
She hasn't yet talked to him.
She hasn't yet told me who helped her.
She hasn’t been to the dentist’s for years.
She hasn’t cleaned her room yet.
She hasn’t come here yet.
She hasn’t come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She hasn’t come yet.
She hasn’t come yet. She may have taken a wrong bus.
She hasn’t got the knack of cooking yet.
She hasn’t heard the news yet.
She hasn’t phoned since she went to London.
She hasn’t said a word.
She hasn’t turned up yet.
She hastened back to her room.
She hastened to deny the story.
She hastily packed her suitcase.
She hastily ran to her room.
She hatched a plan to kill her husband.
She hated Nuja.
She hated bats.
She hated commercials.
She hated cucumbers.
She hated her high school experience.
She hated her husband.
She hated her math teacher.
She hated her mother.
She hated her parents.
She hated her stepfather.
She hated her.
She hated herself.
She hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him.
She hated him so much.
She hated him.
She hated law school.
She hated me a lot.
She hated school.
She hated sex.
She hated staying after school.
She hated taking the bus.
She hated that photo.
She hated that.
She hated vanilla.
She hated walking.
She hates Berber.
She hates Facebook.
She hates Halloween.
She hates arts.
She hates asparagus.
She hates bathing alone.
She hates carrots.
She hates commercials.
She hates cooking.
She hates country music.
She hates dancing tango.
She hates eating by herself.
She hates fish and never eats any.
She hates fishing.
She hates flying.
She hates football.
She hates gaining weight.
She hates getting up early in the morning.
She hates getting up early.
She hates going to Kabylie.
She hates green peppers.
She hates her Berber teacher.
She hates her director.
She hates her job.
She hates her life.
She hates her mother-in-law.
She hates her parents.
She hates her stepfather.
She hates herself.
She hates him.
She hates his dog.
She hates insects.
She hates ivy.
She hates living in this dump.
She hates living paycheck to paycheck.
She hates me as much as I hate her.
She hates me for no reason.
She hates me.
She hates mushrooms.
She hates opera.
She hates parties.
She hates pizza.
She hates raw onions.
She hates reptiles.
She hates rules.
She hates running.
She hates scary movies.
She hates secrets.
She hates shopping with him.
She hates shopping.
She hates shrimps.
She hates speaking in public.
She hates spiders.
She hates teenagers.
She hates that Kabyle dress.
She hates that.
She hates the Algerian authority.
She hates the people of the town.
She hates the rules.
She hates the taste of egg yolks, but doesn't mind egg whites.
She hates this Kabyle dress.
She hates this idea, doesn't she?
She hates this, doesn't she?
She hates this.
She hates to get her feet wet.
She hates to study.
She hates us.
She hates washing up but she does not mind laundering.
She hates women.
She hates you, it seems.
She having a rat infestation in her mansion.
She headed back inside.
She headed back to her apartment.
She headed back to the kitchen.
She headed into the kitchen to make some tea.
She headed out there.
She headed out.
She headed the ball towards the goal.
She headed to a nearby river.
She headed to the club.
She headed to the library.
She headed to the northern camp.
She headed to the spring.
She heaped her plate with salad.
She heaped praise upon him.
She heard I was helping him.
She heard Tom.
She heard a dog barking in the distance.
She heard a key turning inside the lock.
She heard a knock on the door.
She heard a loud splash behind her.
She heard a noise behind her.
She heard a noise.
She heard a voice behind her.
She heard about Islam.
She heard about the fire from him.
She heard about the kidnapping from him.
She heard about the murder from him.
She heard about the sheriff's death.
She heard about what happened from him.
She heard coughing.
She heard everything I had to tell her for the longest time ever.
She heard everything I said.
She heard everything you said.
She heard everything.
She heard footsteps behind her.
She heard gunshots every night.
She heard her name being called.
She heard her name called out in the crowd.
She heard her phone ringing.
She heard her stomach rumbling.
She heard him cry in the middle of the night.
She heard him cry.
She heard him practicing his violin.
She heard him scream, so she ran into his bedroom.
She heard him scream.
She heard him sing his favorite song.
She heard him sing.
She heard him talking in his sleep.
She heard him talking on his phone.
She heard him talking to himself.
She heard his voice.
She heard how people talked about that person.
She heard it.
She heard jackals.
She heard rapid thumping sounds inside the cabin.
She heard screaming.
She heard somebody calling her name.
She heard somebody yell her name.
She heard someone calling for help.
She heard someone calling her name.
She heard someone calling her.
She heard someone yell her name.
She heard something behind her.
She heard that I was coming to Kabylie.
She heard that I was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
She heard that a song had been written about her and sung all over the country, "The arrogant girl who trod on a loaf to keep her shoes clean."
She heard that word repeatedly.
She heard that.
She heard the back door close.
She heard the birds singing, and the sun was so hot that she was often obliged to dive, to cool her burning face.
She heard the good people, her employers, who had been like parents to her, talking about her. "She was a sinful child," they said. "She did not value the gifts of God, but trod them under foot. She will find it hard to open the door of mercy."
She heard the gunfire echo through the canyon.
She heard the message.
She heard the outlaws coming.
She heard the rattle of the snake.
She heard the sound of my voice.
She heard the sound.
She heard this from him.
She heard you.
She heard.
She hears English all through the day.
She heated the food.
She heated the milk.
She heated up the cold soup for supper.
She heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the good news.
She heaved a sigh.
She heaved her chest.
She held a book in her hands.
She held a flower in her hand.
She held a grudge against him because of this affair.
She held a jug in her hand.
She held a large bouquet of artificial flowers in her hands.
She held a press conference.
She held a rope.
She held back her anger, and smiled graciously.
She held her baby in her arms.
She held her breath and waited.
She held her breath for a moment.
She held her breath.
She held her hand out to him.
She held her hand out.
She held her hands over her ears.
She held her hands tightly over her ears.
She held her hat in her hand.
She held her head high as she walked among the nobles.
She held her head up bravely.
She held her nose.
She held her two hands on her ears to not hear the noise.
She held him by the sleeve.
She held him like mother gorillas hold their babies.
She held him responsible for all her problems.
She held him tightly and never wanted to let go.
She held him tightly.
She held his hand.
She held his hands in hers and looked into his eyes.
She held his hands in hers.
She held his head above the water.
She held in her hand a book with a torn cover.
She held my arm firmly.
She held my hand firmly.
She held my hand in the car.
She held my hands and looked at me very emotionally.
She held my hands, looked at me very emotionally and told me: "I'll miss you."
She held on to it for dear life.
She held on to me to prevent me from going.
She held on to my hand tightly.
She held open the car door for him.
She held out her arms to me.
She held out her cup for a refill.
She held out her glass.
She held out her hand and I shook it.
She held out her hand to help him up from the ground.
She held out her hand to him.
She held out her hand.
She held out her hands.
She held out the wine glass expecting someone to clink it.
She held the baby in her arms.
She held the bat confidently, ready to hit.
She held the bat like a professional cricketer.
She held the book in her hand.
She held the car door open for him.
She held the child to her bosom.
She held the door for him.
She held the door open for him.
She held the fan delicately between her fingers.
She held the kids close.
She held the kitten in the same way a mother gorilla would hold her own baby.
She held the kitten like a mother gorilla would hold her own baby.
She held the kitten like mother gorillas hold their babies.
She held up her end of the bargain.
She held up her end of the deal.
She held up her hand to silence him.
She held up her hand to stop him.
She held up her hand.
She held up her head.
She held up her right hand.
She held up her skirts and picked her steps carefully so as to keep her shoes nice and clean.
She helped Hassan.
She helped Nuja.
She helped Skura get ready.
She helped Tom.
She helped a patient.
She helped a student.
She helped an old man across the street.
She helped an old man cross the road.
She helped an old man cross the street.
She helped an old woman across the street.
She helped an old woman cross the street.
She helped because she wanted to.
She helped complete strangers.
She helped cook lunch.
She helped her brother out with his picture.
She helped her daughter get dressed.
She helped her father with the gardening.
She helped her father with the work in the garden.
She helped her father with work in the garden.
She helped her father.
She helped her friends.
She helped her husband with his work.
She helped her mother clean the house.
She helped her mother cook dinner.
She helped her mother cook the turkey.
She helped her mother of her own accord.
She helped her mother set the table.
She helped her son get dressed.
She helped her younger brother finish his picture.
She helped her younger brother with his homework.
She helped her.
She helped herself to a cookie.
She helped herself to a cup of coffee and a donut.
She helped herself to a cup of coffee.
She helped herself to a slice of pizza.
She helped herself to another dish of ice cream.
She helped herself to another serving of mashed potatoes.
She helped herself to coffee.
She helped herself.
She helped him carry his bags.
She helped him carry his suitcases.
She helped him carry stuff out to his car.
She helped him decorate his Christmas tree.
She helped him do his homework.
She helped him dye his hair.
She helped him find his daughter.
She helped him fix his bicycle.
She helped him get back on his feet.
She helped him get into his wheelchair.
She helped him get over his bad mood.
She helped him get up from his seat.
She helped him in the belief that he was innocent.
She helped him off with his jacket.
She helped him on the bus, and then got on herself.
She helped him on with his coat.
She helped him on with his jacket.
She helped him overcome his sadness.
She helped him pack his suitcase.
She helped him pick up his books.
She helped him pick up his stuff.
She helped him put his coat on.
She helped him put on his coat.
She helped him put on his jacket.
She helped him take his shoes off.
She helped him take off his jacket.
She helped him take off his shoes.
She helped him tie his shoes.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn’t know how to.
She helped him tie his tie.
She helped him tune his guitar.
She helped him wash his car.
She helped him with his homework.
She helped him with his luggage.
She helped him with his science project.
She helped him with his work.
She helped him.
She helped his mother set the table.
She helped me a lot.
She helped me clean up the mess.
She helped me decorate the house.
She helped me in a very sticky situation.
She helped me in every way.
She helped me morally.
She helped me move on.
She helped me out countless times.
She helped me pack my suitcase.
She helped me to clear snow away.
She helped me to learn Berber.
She helped me when I was in Paris.
She helped me when I was in trouble.
She helped me willingly.
She helped me.
She helped others.
She helped people.
She helped rescue him.
She helped stray cats in winter.
She helped the boy with his homework.
She helped the elderly man cross the road.
She helped the girl.
She helped the old man across the street.
She helped the old man across.
She helped the old man cross the road.
She helped the old man out of pure kindness.
She helped the poor.
She helped translate Czech Holocaust literature.
She helped us make some couscous for dinner.
She helped us out when she could.
She helped us with pleasure.
She helped us.
She helped you today, didn't she?
She helped you, didn't she?
She helped.
She helps Mina.
She helps anybody that asks her.
She helps anybody who asks her.
She helps anyone that asks her.
She helps anyone who asks her.
She helps her dad out on the farm.
She helps her.
She helps him with his homework sometimes.
She helps him with his homework.
She helps him.
She helps others.
She helps out any way she can.
She helps the Mackintosh boy.
She helps the poor.
She helps us.
She helps whoever asks her for help.
She helps you to write it.
She herself asked us to come.
She herself did that.
She herself did the homework.
She herself gave him something to eat.
She herself helped him because no one else would.
She herself helped him.
She herself knew that it would be very difficult to carry out this task.
She herself may have done that.
She herself might've done that.
She herself sewed on the button that had come off.
She herself told me this story.
She herself was silent.
She herself went there.
She hesitantly agreed.
She hesitated for a moment before answering him.
She hesitated for a second.
She hesitated to discuss the subject with him.
She hid a necklace.
She hid behind her car.
She hid behind her mom.
She hid behind the door and held her breath.
She hid behind the rocks, waiting.
She hid behind the tree.
She hid behind the trunk of the nearest tree.
She hid her burning cheeks in the bosom of the young man.
She hid her face behind a veil.
She hid her face in her hands.
She hid her face.
She hid her money.
She hid her sorrow behind a smile.
She hid her ugly face.
She hid her weapons.
She hid herself behind the curtain.
She hid herself behind the tree.
She hid herself for fear of meeting the man.
She hid herself in the closet.
She hid herself under the bed.
She hid herself under the covers.
She hid it at home.
She hid out of fear of being seen.
She hid some papers behind her back.
She hid that from Mom.
She hid the book behind her back.
She hid the book under her pillow.
She hid the letter carefully so no one would see it.
She hid the letter carefully so that no one should see it.
She hid the money in her basement.
She hid the money.
She hid the orange.
She hid the prickly pear.
She hid the secret from her husband all her life.
She hid the truth from him.
She hid the truth from you.
She hid there.
She hid this from her husband.
She hid under her bed.
She hid under the sheets.
She hid under the table.
She hid.
She hindered me in my study.
She hinted that he was of a stern and unforgiving character, more ready to resent than to pardon injuries.
She hinted that she might study abroad.
She hinted that she would like him to leave.
She hired Mina.
She hired Tom.
She hired a driver.
She hired a great team of lawyers.
She hired a hitman to kill him.
She hired a man to kill him.
She hired a private detective to inquire into the case.
She hired a private detective.
She hired a private eye.
She hired a private investigator.
She hired herself an assistant.
She hired him as a programmer.
She hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best.
She hired him as an interpreter.
She hired him.
She hired me to help her.
She hired me to paint her house.
She hired me.
She hired somebody to cook for her.
She hired somebody to train her dog.
She hired someone to cook for her.
She hired someone to kill him.
She hired someone to train her dog.
She hires other people to write her speeches.
She hires prostitutes.
She hit Silya.
She hit a high note.
She hit a million subscribers on YouTube.
She hit her boyfriend and broke his nose.
She hit her elbow during a fall.
She hit her elbow when she fell.
She hit her sister.
She hit herself on the forehead.
She hit him again and again.
She hit him hard.
She hit him with a broom handle.
She hit him with a hammer.
She hit him.
She hit me on the head and she ran away.
She hit me on the head with a hammer.
She hit me over the head with the heel of her shoe.
She hit me with her head and broke my teeth.
She hit me, not him.
She hit pay dirt.
She hit the ball hard.
She hit the ball with her baseball bat.
She hit the nail on the head.
She hit the teacher with a textbook.
She hit the wall with her fist.
She hit upon a good idea.
She hogged her parents' love all to herself.
She hogged her parents’ love all to herself.
She holds a bachelor's degree in communications from California State University, and is a powerlifter and mother to a one-year-old son.
She holds a grudge against me.
She holds a senior position in the government.
She holds a wood in her hands.
She holds grace in stillness.
She holds grace like a treasure.
She holds her baby in her arms.
She holds herself above everyone else, including me.
She holds ten per cent of the company's shares.
She holds the boy back.
She holds the calm within.
She holds the dawn in her hands.
She holds the world record for the hundred meters.
She hollered at him.
She honked her horn as she drove by.
She honked her horn three times.
She honked her horn.
She hoodwinked you.
She hooked the ball around the defender.
She hoped fervently that she would be among the first ten at least, so that she might see Matthew's kindly brown eyes gleam with pride in her achievement.
She hoped her dream would come true.
She hoped she could do that.
She hoped she could win.
She hoped she might hear from him.
She hoped she wouldn't be captured.
She hoped she wouldn't be too late.
She hoped she'd be able to do that.
She hoped she'd be able to win.
She hoped to be able to go to Athens.
She hoped to be something special for that boy.
She hoped to cheer him up.
She hoped to find an opportunity to talk to him.
She hoped to get back together with him.
She hoped to patch things up with him.
She hopes for a swift resolution.
She hopes for tranquillity.
She hopes parents of tomorrow’s elite athletes will focus on developing the whole person, rather than just the budding sports superstar.
She hopes she didn't botch the job.
She hopes she doesn't have to live there for more than a year.
She hopes she won't be demoted.
She hopes she won't be deported.
She hopes she won't be disqualified.
She hopes she'll be able to do that.
She hopes she'll win.
She hopes that everyone will work enthusiastically on this unique project.
She hopes that he'll like the present she bought for him.
She hopes that her sweetheart will also turn in soon.
She hopes that her team wins.
She hopes that she can do that.
She hopes that she can win.
She hopes that she won't be demoted.
She hopes that she won't be deported.
She hopes that she'll be able to win.
She hopes to be able to resolve this problem.
She hopes to become a designer.
She hopes to become a doctor.
She hopes to find us by her side.
She hopes to one day play in the WNBA or even coach in the NBA.
She hopes you'll speak to him.
She hopped in her car and drove off.
She hopped in her car.
She hopped off the bed and skipped across the room.
She hopped on her motorcycle.
She hopped onto the bed with a smile.
She hovers over that child like a hen with one chick.
She hugged Mina.
She hugged Mom.
She hugged a cushion.
She hugged her dog.
She hugged her knees.
She hugged her parents before she left.
She hugged her son and put him to bed.
She hugged her teddy bear.
She hugged her teddy.
She hugged herself.
She hugged him a little longer than necessary.
She hugged him affectionately.
She hugged him and gave him a big kiss.
She hugged him and then kissed him.
She hugged him and told him she loved him.
She hugged him tightly.
She hugged him while he cried.
She hugged him.
She hugged me.
She hugged the baby to her breast.
She hugged the boy tightly.
She hugs a tree.
She hugs trees.
She hummed a song.
She hummed away to herself.
She hummed her child to sleep.
She hummed softly while preparing dinner in the kitchen.
She hummed to herself.
She hung a curtain over the window.
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room.
She hung beautiful curtains over the window.
She hung between refusing or accepting the invitation.
She hung her cap on a nail.
She hung her coat behind the door.
She hung her coat in the closet.
She hung her coat up in the closet.
She hung her diploma on the wall.
She hung her head low in shame.
She hung her jacket up.
She hung on his every word.
She hung on to his arm as they walked.
She hung onto me.
She hung out with her friends.
She hung some new curtains today.
She hung the banner on the front side of her shop.
She hung the cage from the eaves.
She hung the calendar on the wall.
She hung the picture upside down.
She hung the present on the Christmas tree.
She hung the washing on the line.
She hung up angrily.
She hung up her keys on the hook.
She hung up in silence.
She hung up on him.
She hung up the phone and headed to the kitchen.
She hung up without saying good-bye.
She hungered for a sight of her mother.
She hurled the alarm clock out the window when it started to ring and kept on sleeping.
She hurried across the lawn.
She hurried across the street.
She hurried along the street.
She hurried along.
She hurried back from England.
She hurried back into the house.
She hurried back to her office.
She hurried back to her room.
She hurried home.
She hurried inside.
She hurried out of the restaurant.
She hurried over to Skura's house.
She hurried so she wouldn't be late.
She hurried so she wouldn’t be late.
She hurried to bgayet.
She hurried to catch the last train home.
She hurried to catch the train.
She hurried to catch up to him.
She hurried to catch up with him.
She hurried to keep up with him.
She hurried to the station only to miss the train.
She hurried to the station so as not to miss the train.
She hurried to the station so that she wouldn't miss the train.
She hurriedly left.
She hurriedly threw a few clothes into her suitcase.
She hurries to knead the dough for the bread her family will eat all week.
She hurt her arm when she fell.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
She hurt her elbow when she fell.
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.
She hurt her knee when she fell down.
She hurt her left arm.
She hurt her left hand.
She hurt her left leg.
She hurt her leg while playing football.
She hurt her leg.
She hurt her right foot.
She hurt her right hand.
She hurt her shoulder.
She hurt herself doing that.
She hurt herself this morning.
She hurt herself trying to do that.
She hurt herself trying to win.
She hurt herself when he tried to do that.
She hurt herself when she fell.
She hurt herself yesterday.
She hurt herself.
She hurt me deliberately.
She hurt me on purpose.
She hushed her baby to sleep.
She hypnotized him.
She idealized Mina.
She identified her as the murderer.
She identified her shooter.
She identified him as the murderer.
She identified him immediately.
She identified the victim.
She idled away many hours lying in the hammock.
She idled away many hours on the beach.
She idolised him.
She idolized him.
She ignored Mina.
She ignored Tom.
She ignored all my warnings.
She ignored her all day.
She ignored her for the entire day.
She ignored her husband.
She ignored her mother's advice.
She ignored him all day.
She ignored him almost all day.
She ignored him pretty much all day.
She ignored him until he became rich.
She ignored him, which proved unwise.
She ignored him.
She ignored it all day long.
She ignored me completely.
She ignored me even when she met me on the street.
She ignored me for a whole year.
She ignored me for a year.
She ignored me in the street.
She ignored me.
She ignored the fact that he is ill.
She ignored the fact that he was ill.
She ignored the radio.
She ignored the warning.
She ignores all the advice we try and give her, so I guess she'll have to learn it all in the school of hard knocks.
She ignores him completely.
She ignores me.
She ignores mirrors because she believes she's unattractive.
She ignores the fact that she is at fault.
She imagined something.
She imagined what life in the city would be like.
She immediately apologized for her abrasive comment.
She immediately blushes in his presence.
She immediately came home.
She immediately came.
She immediately felt annoyed.
She immediately guessed the truth.
She immediately ran to the house.
She immediately recognized him.
She immediately regretted her decision.
She immediately returned home after that.
She immediately took the boy into her custody.
She immediately tried to call him.
She immediately went to the kitchen.
She immersed herself in the culture of the city.
She immersed herself in the world of drawing, sketching every day to hone her skills.
She implements new organizational processes.
She implied that she would like to come with us.
She implored for mercy.
She implored him to come back.
She implored mercy with tears running down her cheeks.
She implores my forgiveness.
She imposed herself, but she can't do it!
She imposed the work on him.
She imposes on her friends too often.
She incarnates all womanly virtues.
She inched forward.
She inclined her head in greeting.
She indicated her reasons to us.
She indicated on the map how to get to the post office.
She indicated that the problem was serious.
She indulged herself in nostalgic memories.
She indulged herself in reading.
She indulged in a fit of temper.
She indulges in tennis all the day.
She inferred from his silence that he was angry.
She informed her parents of her success.
She informed him of her arrival.
She informed him that she was going to have to do that by herself.
She informed me of her decision.
She informed me of her departure.
She informed that the exam will not take place tomorrow.
She infrequently drinks soda.
She inherited her mother's blue eyes.
She inherited her mother’s blue eyes.
She inherited her uncle's estate.
She inherited her wealth.
She inherited land in Kabylie, Algeria.
She initiates a lot of projects but seldom completes one.
She injected a sleeping drug into my arm.
She injected herself into his life.
She injured a co-worker.
She injured her back playing tennis.
She injured her elbow when she fell.
She injured her hand.
She injured her left arm.
She injured her left hand.
She injured her shoulder.
She injured herself at work today.
She injured herself doing that.
She injured herself mountain climbing.
She injured herself this morning.
She injured herself when she jumped out of the window.
She injured herself while dancing.
She injured herself.
She inquired after him.
She inquired as to whether the beer was actually non-alcoholic or just off.
She inquired directions from the policeman.
She inquired.
She inserted herself, but she's unable!
She inserted herself.
She insisted he be invited to the party.
She insisted on applying for a part-time job.
She insisted on going abroad, but her father told her not to.
She insisted on going there.
She insisted on helping him.
She insisted on helping me.
She insisted on her innocence.
She insisted on my going there.
She insisted on my helping her.
She insisted on my paying the bill for the dinner.
She insisted on my paying the bill.
She insisted on my seeing the doctor.
She insisted on speaking with him.
She insisted on us going.
She insisted she was innocent.
She insisted she was no killer.
She insisted she was ready to go.
She insisted she wasn't in the car.
She insisted she wouldn't do that.
She insisted that I consult a doctor.
She insisted that I go back with her.
She insisted that I go there with her.
She insisted that I go.
She insisted that I help her.
She insisted that I join her.
She insisted that I should consult a doctor.
She insisted that I should go back with her.
She insisted that I should pay the bill.
She insisted that I should see the doctor.
She insisted that he be invited to the party.
She insisted that he go there by himself.
She insisted that he play the piano.
She insisted that he should go to the hospital.
She insisted that he should stay where he was.
She insisted that it was my fault.
She insisted that she acted alone.
She insisted that she didn't do it.
She insisted that she didn't do that.
She insisted that she was home the entire night.
She insisted that she was right.
She insisted that we go.
She insisted we go.
She insisted, but I refused.
She insisted, but I said no.
She insists a lot on doing things like that.
She insists on her son being innocent.
She insists she's innocent.
She insists she's telling the truth.
She insists that her son is innocent.
She inspected the cave.
She inspired fear and respect.
She inspired me with confidence.
She installed a new electric stove in the room.
She installed a program.
She installed a security camera.
She installed herself in an easy chair.
She instantly fell in love with him.
She instantly recognized him.
She instructed the small children to go home.
She instructs students in English.
She insulted Mina.
She insulted her friend in anger.
She insulted him and his wife.
She insulted him.
She insulted his ancestors.
She insulted me.
She insults people.
She integrated into their group.
She intended to become an actress.
She intended to go shopping with her mother, but her mother was busy.
She intended to go shopping.
She intended to kill herself.
She intended to withdraw all her savings from the bank.
She intends to get a divorce.
She intends to get divorced.
She intends to kill herself.
She intends to participate in a beauty contest.
She intends to play tennis this afternoon with her father.
She intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon with him.
She intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon.
She intends to play tennis.
She interacts successfully with others.
She interacts well during chats.
She interjected herself again.
She interpreted for him.
She interpreted his remarks as a threat.
She interprets the survey results.
She interrogated a suspect.
She interrogated me in an inquiring tone.
She interrupted everyone.
She interrupted her studies.
She interrupted him while he was speaking to my father.
She interrupted him while he was speaking.
She interrupted him.
She interrupted me when I was speaking by putting her finger on my mouth.
She interrupted me.
She interrupts me non-stop.
She interviewed him.
She interviewed presidents.
She intimidated him.
She intrigues me.
She introduced her sister to him more than two years ago.
She introduced her sister to him.
She introduced her sister to me.
She introduced herself in French.
She introduced herself to everyone in the room.
She introduced herself to everyone.
She introduced herself to him.
She introduced herself to me.
She introduced herself to the people behind the counter.
She introduced herself to the people who were there.
She introduced herself to the rest of the class.
She introduced herself to them.
She introduced herself.
She introduced his sister to me.
She introduced me to her brother.
She introduced me to her father.
She introduced me to her friends at the party.
She introduced me to her parents.
She introduced me to her roommate.
She introduced me to her sister.
She introduced me to him at the party.
She introduced the lady to me.
She introduces herself.
She introjected her family's ideals and values.
She investigated the company's output record carefully.
She investigated the company’s output record carefully.
She investigated the incident.
She invited Tom and me to the party.
She invited her friends over.
She invited her friends to dinner.
She invited him and his friends to dinner.
She invited him and his sister to her party.
She invited him and me to the party.
She invited him in for a cup of coffee.
She invited him in.
She invited him to her party.
She invited him.
She invited me over for coffee.
She invited me to dinner.
She invited me to eat.
She invited me to go have one last drink at her place.
She invited me to her birthday party.
She invited me to her daughter's quinceañera.
She invited me to her home.
She invited me to her party.
She invited me to her wedding.
She invited me to join her.
She invited me to the ballet.
She invited me to the mosque.
She invited me.
She invited the boy to her birthday party.
She invited two of her classmates - Jane and Mary.
She invited two of her classmates, Jane and Mary.
She invited us to her birthday party.
She invited us to her concert because she wants to impress her audience with how many friends she has.
She invited us to her party, which was nice of her.
She invites her friends for her birthday.
She invites me to all her parties.
She invites us to all her parties.
She ironed a skirt.
She ironed her Kabyle dress.
She ironed her clothes.
She ironed her hair.
She ironed her shirt.
She ironed his shirts.
She ironed the clothes.
She irrigates the flowers each night.
She irritated Mina.
She irritates me to no end with her complaints.
She is 100 years old.
She is 35 years old and in the prime of life.
She is 5 feet 5, but appears taller.
She is 8 months pregnant.
She is Alan's wife.
She is American, but she lives in England.
She is American.
She is Ana.
She is Anna; Anna and Louis are coworkers.
She is Argentinian.
She is Betty.
She is British and he is American.
She is British.
She is Cabo Verdean.
She is Cambodian.
She is Canadian.
She is Chaoui.
She is Comorian.
She is Congolese.
She is English.
She is Ethiopian.
She is French.
She is German.
She is Greek.
She is Grenadian.
She is HIV-infected.
She is Hungarian.
She is Icelandic.
She is Irish.
She is Italian.
She is Japanese.
She is Joanna.
She is Kabyle.
She is Li Ying.
She is Magyar.
She is Malawian.
She is Mary's stepmother.
She is Minghui.
She is Moroccan.
She is Mr. Uda's secretary.
She is Mr. Uda’s secretary.
She is OK.
She is Pierrot's sister.
She is Portuguese.
She is Russian.
She is Sierra Leonean.
She is Slovak.
She is Sri Lankan, isn't she?
She is Swiss.
She is Tom's older sister.
She is Tunisian.
She is Yugoslavian.
She is a British citizen but her native land is France.
She is a British citizen, but she was born in France.
She is a British citizen, though she was born in France.
She is a Christian.
She is a DJ.
She is a Dutchwoman.
She is a GP.
She is a Hollywood star.
She is a Kabyle woman.
She is a Korean.
She is a Muslim convert.
She is a Muslim woman.
She is a Nobel Prize winner.
She is a Persian-American athlete who was both a state and national Tae Kwon Do champion, and one of the top amateur boxers in the world.
She is a Senegalese traditional healer who for years has used cowry shells to help people improve their health and lives.
She is a Wiccan.
She is a bad person.
She is a bad speaker.
She is a baker.
She is a beautiful girl with blonde hair and blue eyes.
She is a beautiful girl.
She is a beautiful lady.
She is a beautiful woman.
She is a beauty, admittedly, but she has her faults.
She is a beauty.
She is a beaver.
She is a beginner, but she is learning fast.
She is a beginner.
She is a better cook than her mother.
She is a better singer than any other student in her class.
She is a big eater.
She is a bigot.
She is a bimbo.
She is a biologist.
She is a bit indignant about being kept waiting.
She is a bit like her mother.
She is a bitch.
She is a blonde girl.
She is a blonde light-complexioned girl.
She is a born artist.
She is a brainer.
She is a brave girl.
She is a brave woman.
She is a brilliant scholar and is everywhere recognized as such.
She is a celebrity.
She is a charming and reliable person.
She is a charming woman.
She is a chatterbox.
She is a cheerful giver.
She is a cheerleader.
She is a chef.
She is a chemist.
She is a child after all.
She is a child-care worker in a kindergarten.
She is a child.
She is a clear-headed.
She is a clerk in the supermarket.
She is a clerk of the trading company.
She is a college football player now.
She is a college graduate.
She is a college student.
She is a comedian.
She is a comic book artist.
She is a comic book villain.
She is a comic book writer.
She is a community activist.
She is a computer expert.
She is a computer programmer.
She is a confirmed gossip.
She is a coward.
She is a credit to her class.
She is a cyborg.
She is a dancer.
She is a dear friend.
She is a despicable human being.
She is a dictator.
She is a dietary adviser.
She is a difficult person to deal with.
She is a diligent student.
She is a doctor and also an alpinist.
She is a doctor like her father is.
She is a doctor like her father was.
She is a doctor like her father.
She is a doctor.
She is a doxy.
She is a dreamer.
She is a dressmaker.
She is a drooly girl.
She is a dull and ugly girl. I don't understand why she's so admired.
She is a famous Brazilian singer.
She is a famous Philadelphia lawmaker.
She is a famous physician.
She is a famous singer.
She is a fashion maven with a lot of influence.
She is a fencing champion.
She is a fierce-tempered person.
She is a film buff.
She is a fluent speaker of English.
She is a follower of Freud.
She is a football player.
She is a footballer.
She is a fox.
She is a friend of mine.
She is a friend of my wife's.
She is a friend of my wife’s.
She is a friend of the poor.
She is a general practitioner.
She is a genius at mathematics.
She is a genius.
She is a genius. And I think she’s even smarter than I am. I'm conceding this reluctantly, but what can I do when confronted with the truth?
She is a gentle girl.
She is a geologist.
She is a gifted artist.
She is a girl and I am a boy.
She is a girl and I'm a boy.
She is a girl and plays football.
She is a girl full of sentiment.
She is a girl, not a woman.
She is a girl, she is a woman.
She is a girl.
She is a glutton for punishment.
She is a glutton.
She is a good English speaker.
She is a good cook.
She is a good dancer.
She is a good deal older than he.
She is a good football player.
She is a good friend of mine.
She is a good liar.
She is a good mother.
She is a good student.
She is a good swimmer.
She is a good teacher, as teachers go.
She is a good tennis player.
She is a good writer.
She is a good, milk-bearing cow!
She is a graceful beauty.
She is a graduate.
She is a great talker.
She is a guest.
She is a hairdresser.
She is a hairstylist.
She is a harlot.
She is a harpist.
She is a harried mom with no life of her own.
She is a high-liver.
She is a highly influential manga artist, and many people credit her work with boosting the international popularity of Japanese comics.
She is a historian.
She is a homewrecker.
She is a horrible driver, right?
She is a horrible leader, right?
She is a hysterical woman.
She is a journalist.
She is a kind and holy woman.
She is a kind girl.
She is a kind of genius.
She is a kind of mother to me.
She is a kind person.
She is a kook.
She is a lady among ladies.
She is a lady and expects to be treated as such.
She is a lady of business acumen.
She is a lady of high calibre.
She is a lady, and ought to be treated as such.
She is a late riser.
She is a leader in her field.
She is a learner.
She is a lesbian.
She is a lesbo.
She is a liar.
She is a little bit like her father.
She is a little shy, don't you think?
She is a little shy.
She is a lively girl.
She is a living example of that philosophy.
She is a local government officer.
She is a location scout.
She is a loose woman and will honestly go with anyone.
She is a lot better at it than I am.
She is a lot like her father.
She is a lover of cinema.
She is a maniac.
She is a mathematician.
She is a megalomaniac.
She is a member of a cult.
She is a member of an evangelical church.
She is a member of our society.
She is a member of the basketball club.
She is a member of the institution.
She is a member of this organization.
She is a mere child, you know.
She is a mere child.
She is a metallurgist and has a husband. He is also a metallurgist but at the competing company.
She is a miser.
She is a model of kindness for me.
She is a model.
She is a monster.
She is a more proficient leader than he is.
She is a most beautiful lady.
She is a most charming young lady indeed.
She is a most gracious neighbor.
She is a most wise mother.
She is a musician like her father.
She is a musician.
She is a naive girl who believes in everything she's told.
She is a narcissist.
She is a native speaker of Dutch.
She is a native speaker of French.
She is a native speaker of Russian.
She is a native speaker of Serbian.
She is a natural musician.
She is a natural to play the part of Juliet.
She is a nervous, highly strung woman.
She is a new Muslim.
She is a new addition to the teaching staff.
She is a nice person.
She is a nobody.
She is a noted singer.
She is a nurse.
She is a nursery-school teacher.
She is a nutritionist.
She is a particularily interesting person.
She is a particularly pretty young woman.
She is a perfect dream.
She is a person with a fierce temper.
She is a person with a strong temper.
She is a person.
She is a photographer.
She is a physicist.
She is a physiotherapist.
She is a pianist and her sister is a singer.
She is a pianist.
She is a picky eater.
She is a pleasant person.
She is a poet and prose writer.
She is a polished lady.
She is a poor cook.
She is a poor correspondent.
She is a poor excuse for a singer.
She is a poor sailor.
She is a pop star.
She is a popular girl at school.
She is a popular kid at school.
She is a popular musician but very modest.
She is a pretty girl to look at.
She is a pretty girl.
She is a professional comic book artist.
She is a professional dancer.
She is a professional diver.
She is a professor.
She is a promising pupil.
She is a prophetic figure.
She is a prostitute.
She is a psychic.
She is a psychologist and expert in family issues.
She is a quiet woman.
She is a real beauty.
She is a real firecracker!
She is a real know-it-all.
She is a really good girl.
She is a really nice lady.
She is a really nice person.
She is a recognised expert in linguistics.
She is a reflection of her mother.
She is a regular beauty.
She is a reliable person.
She is a runner.
She is a sadomasochist.
She is a scholar and poet.
She is a scientist.
She is a second year student.
She is a second-rate singer at best.
She is a self-educated woman.
She is a self-oriented person.
She is a self-taught artist.
She is a selfish person.
She is a selfish woman.
She is a serious person.
She is a shade better today.
She is a shining example of absolutely nothing.
She is a short story writer.
She is a shrewd one.
She is a shy, insecure, overly sensitive girl.
She is a singer whose reputation is growing fast.
She is a singer without equal.
She is a singer.
She is a sinner.
She is a slave of fashion.
She is a slave to fashion.
She is a slender woman.
She is a slow runner.
She is a small person.
She is a snotty child.
She is a so-called bookworm.
She is a sophomore.
She is a sorceress.
She is a source of problems.
She is a specialist in orthopaedics.
She is a speech therapist by profession.
She is a speech therapist.
She is a speech-language pathologist in Melbourne.
She is a stranger to me.
She is a street artist.
She is a strenuous supporter of women's rights.
She is a strenuous supporter of women’s rights.
She is a strong-tempered person.
She is a strumpet.
She is a stubborn person.
She is a student at the university.
She is a student from Canada, staying with my uncle.
She is a student who studies very hard.
She is a student.
She is a superstar.
She is a sweet teacher.
She is a talkative person.
She is a taxi driver.
She is a teacher fresh from the university.
She is a teacher that I have.
She is a teacher's pet.
She is a teacher.
She is a teacher’s pet.
She is a temp.
She is a tender girl of questionable morals.
She is a tennis player.
She is a terrible mother.
She is a thief.
She is a thin woman.
She is a time traveler.
She is a time traveller.
She is a tiny animal.
She is a total stranger to me.
She is a treasure to my office.
She is a trial to her parents.
She is a troublesome woman.
She is a true daughter of her father.
She is a true luminary in the world of art.
She is a true witch!
She is a twin.
She is a typist.
She is a university graduate.
She is a vegetarian.
She is a very attractive woman.
She is a very beautiful woman.
She is a very brave young woman.
She is a very calm person.
She is a very cheerful and gregarious person.
She is a very clever liar.
She is a very correct lady.
She is a very dear girl.
She is a very experienced announcer.
She is a very fascinating and beautiful woman.
She is a very feminine person.
She is a very good acrobat.
She is a very good skier.
She is a very good teacher.
She is a very inconsistent person.
She is a very intelligent young lady.
She is a very kind girl.
She is a very nice person.
She is a very poor driver.
She is a very refined lady.
She is a very shy girl.
She is a violinist in a classical orchestra.
She is a virtuosa.
She is a virtuoso.
She is a virtuous woman.
She is a visionary.
She is a vivid, playful and fiery girl.
She is a wacko.
She is a wealthy woman.
She is a well-known singer.
She is a well-mannered girl.
She is a whore.
She is a widow.
She is a woman of character.
She is a woman of great beauty.
She is a woman of great literary ability.
She is a woman of many wiles.
She is a woman of noble birth.
She is a woman of singular beauty.
She is a woman of superior intelligence.
She is a woman who causes trouble.
She is a woman who gets things done.
She is a woman with a classical education.
She is a woman worthy of admiration.
She is a woman, not a girl.
She is a woman.
She is a wonderful wife who gave me two beautiful children.
She is a wonderful wife.
She is a wonderful woman.
She is a work of art.
She is a young artist.
She is a young girl your age.
She is a young student.
She is a young university student.
She is a young woman, pretty and smiling, like we would like to meet more often.
She is able to answer your question.
She is able to express herself in Turkish.
She is able to grasp the situation.
She is able to kill for you.
She is able to kill him.
She is able to murder me.
She is able to sing very well.
She is able to skate.
She is able to speak ten languages.
She is able to translate immediately after he says something.
She is abnormal.
She is about as tall as me.
She is about forty.
She is about my age.
She is about to choose one of them.
She is about to die.
She is about to go out.
She is about to kill me.
She is about to leave.
She is about your age.
She is above any of her classmates in speaking English.
She is above praise.
She is above telling a lie.
She is abroad.
She is absent because of sickness.
She is absent.
She is absorbed in her study.
She is absorbed in knitting.
She is absorbed in rock music.
She is abusing her power.
She is abusing her powers.
She is accessible to pity.
She is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner.
She is accustomed to rising early.
She is accustomed to sitting.
She is acting from some selfish motive.
She is acting wild.
She is active.
She is adamant.
She is addicted to Farmville.
She is addicted to alcohol.
She is admiring the sunset.
She is adopted.
She is adorable!
She is affected with the gout.
She is afflicted with a serious illness.
She is afraid of barking dogs.
She is afraid of being alone with the patient.
She is afraid of cats.
She is afraid of death.
She is afraid of dogs.
She is afraid of dying from cancer.
She is afraid of dying without ever having been loved.
She is afraid of escalators.
She is afraid of falling ill again.
She is afraid of her grandfather.
She is afraid of her own shadow.
She is afraid of losing money.
She is afraid of the frenzied dogs.
She is afraid of the sea.
She is afraid of the spider.
She is afraid that you might get lost.
She is afraid you might be lost.
She is after a better job.
She is aged seventeen.
She is aggressive.
She is aging.
She is alive!
She is all for going shopping.
She is all in all to him.
She is all in all to me.
She is all nervous.
She is all right at the moment.
She is all skin and bone.
She is allergic to dust.
She is allowed to use this typewriter.
She is almost 20 years old.
She is almost 20.
She is almost as intelligent as an average human child.
She is almost as tall as her father.
She is almost as tall as you are.
She is almost as tall as you.
She is almost certain of it.
She is almost sixty years old.
She is alone.
She is already back.
She is already beginning to read and write.
She is already married.
She is already sleeping.
She is also a beautiful woman.
She is also deaf.
She is also writing a book.
She is always afraid of being a klutz when going to parties.
She is always annoying me with her complaints.
She is always at school.
She is always at the bottom of the class.
She is always bright and smiling.
She is always busy on weekdays.
She is always busy.
She is always buying expensive clothes.
She is always by my side.
She is always careless about time.
She is always cheerful and smiling.
She is always cheerful.
She is always clothed in silk.
She is always cold-hearted.
She is always complaining about my small salary.
She is always complaining about something or other.
She is always complaining of her husband's small salary.
She is always complaining of her husband’s small salary.
She is always complaining of her job.
She is always complaining of her poor health.
She is always complaining of her small salary.
She is always complaining of one thing or another.
She is always complaining.
She is always confusing salt with sugar.
She is always courteous!
She is always critical of reckless drivers.
She is always curious about what I am doing.
She is always doing something.
She is always dressed in black.
She is always finding fault with her husband.
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.
She is always finding fault with him.
She is always finding fault with me.
She is always finding fault with other people.
She is always finding fault with others.
She is always fishing for compliments.
She is always forgetting my phone number.
She is always free in the afternoon.
She is always full of her own affairs.
She is always grumbling.
She is always hard at work.
She is always immune to criticism.
She is always in a good mood.
She is always kind to everyone.
She is always late.
She is always laughing.
She is always looking happy, but she is not happy at all.
She is always losing her handkerchief.
She is always missing the ball.
She is always neat and tidy.
She is always neatly dressed.
She is always on my side.
She is always out to make a buck.
She is always playing favorites with a few students but very strict with everyone else.
She is always polite!
She is always punctual in coming.
She is always ready to meet him halfway when she has an argument with him.
She is always right.
She is always running after her mother.
She is always scared.
She is always smiling.
She is always smoking.
She is always so unconfident.
She is always thinking of moneymaking schemes.
She is always troubled with a headache.
She is always trying new things.
She is always trying to find happiness.
She is always trying to please him.
She is always very affectionate with her relatives.
She is always very busy.
She is always welcome here.
She is always well made up.
She is always with me.
She is always wrong.
She is always young.
She is amazing.
She is ambidextrous.
She is ambitious.
She is amiable to everybody.
She is among my favorite authors.
She is among the best artists of today.
She is among those unaccounted for.
She is amusing to be with.
She is an American by birth.
She is an American.
She is an Austrian.
She is an English teacher fresh from college.
She is an FBI agent.
She is an Icelander.
She is an Olympic medal winner.
She is an absent-minded and unreliable person.
She is an acrobat.
She is an actor.
She is an actress.
She is an admirable woman.
She is an adorable woman.
She is an adult, so you should treat her accordingly.
She is an angel of a girl.
She is an anorexic girl.
She is an appalling cook.
She is an artist like her father.
She is an artist.
She is an asset to the company.
She is an atheist.
She is an authority in her field.
She is an average girl without much of a personality.
She is an avid reader.
She is an early riser.
She is an earnest student.
She is an educated girl.
She is an efficient and reliable assistant.
She is an entrepreneur.
She is an environmentalist.
She is an estate agent.
She is an excellent scholar, and is recognized everywhere as such.
She is an excellent student.
She is an excellent writer.
She is an experienced announcer.
She is an experienced politician.
She is an expert at it.
She is an expert at telling lies.
She is an expert in mathematics.
She is an expert typist.
She is an expert when it comes to cooking.
She is an expert.
She is an extremely shy woman.
She is an extremist.
She is an honor to our college.
She is an honor to our school.
She is an ill-mannered individual.
She is an illustrator.
She is an industrial designer.
She is an interesting person.
She is an interpreter.
She is an obstinate girl.
She is an office lady.
She is an old acquaintance of mine.
She is an old footballer.
She is an old hand at spying on tax evaders.
She is an orphan girl.
She is an orthopaedist.
She is an outstanding poet.
She is an outstanding professional.
She is an unknown artist.
She is an utter stranger to me.
She is angry with me.
She is angry, and still tired.
She is angry.
She is annoyed at his ignorance.
She is another Madame Curie.
She is anxious about her father's health.
She is anxious about her father’s health.
She is anxious about her safety.
She is anxious about his safety.
She is anxious about the results of her son's test.
She is anxious about the results of her son’s test.
She is anxious about your health.
She is anxious for a gift.
She is anxious to go abroad.
She is anxious to meet you.
She is anxious to visit Europe.
She is anything but a singer.
She is apparently an honest woman.
She is appearing on TV tonight.
She is applying the glasses.
She is appreciated by everyone.
She is apprehensive of failure in the finals.
She is apt to fail.
She is apt to fits of depression.
She is apt to keep a secret to herself.
She is apt to look only at the surface of things.
She is apt to lose her temper.
She is apt to win the prize.
She is armed to the teeth.
She is around twenty years of age.
She is arrogant.
She is artistic by nature.
She is as active as she looks.
She is as beautiful a model as I have ever seen.
She is as beautiful as Snow White.
She is as beautiful as a rose.
She is as beautiful as any girl that I've ever known.
She is as beautiful as any girl that I’ve ever known.
She is as beautiful as ever.
She is as beautiful as her mother is.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
She is as bright as any in her class.
She is as busy as a bee.
She is as clever as she is beautiful.
She is as flat as a pancake.
She is as good a cook as her mother.
She is as good as gold.
She is as guilty as Tom.
She is as guilty as he is.
She is as hardworking as she is bright.
She is as intelligent as he.
She is as intelligent as she is beautiful.
She is as mad as a bag of cats.
She is as modest as anything.
She is as old as the devil's grandmother.
She is as poor as ever.
She is as pretty as anything.
She is as simple as a child.
She is as skinny as a toothpick.
She is as slow as a turtle.
She is as sly as a fox.
She is as smart as anyone else in her class.
She is as talkative as her father.
She is as tall as I.
She is as tall as her father.
She is as tall as her mother.
She is as tall as you.
She is as thin as a broom stick.
She is as treacherous as a serpent.
She is as wise as fair.
She is as young as I am.
She is ashamed of her old clothes.
She is ashamed of what she's done.
She is ashamed of what she’s done.
She is ashamed to speak to a foreigner.
She is ashamed to speak up.
She is ashamed to tell the story to others.
She is asking her fiancé to come see her.
She is asking her fiancé to come see it.
She is at church right now.
She is at her wit's end with her son. He sometimes does not come home until 3 or 4 a.m.
She is at her wit’s end with her son. He sometimes does not come home until 3 or 4 a.m.
She is at home at the moment.
She is at home in English.
She is at home in the subject.
She is at home.
She is at law school.
She is at most 18 years old.
She is at the office.
She is at the top of her class.
She is at work right now.
She is at work.
She is attached to the general affairs section.
She is attending on her sick mother.
She is attracted to things that she can't have.
She is attracting comments from all quarters.
She is attractive when she is dressed in white.
She is attractive, but she talks too much.
She is attractive.
She is available.
She is awake.
She is aware I don't love her.
She is aware of her beauty.
She is aware of her mistakes.
She is aware of my secret plan.
She is away in Kyushu.
She is away.
She is awesome.
She is awkward.
She is babbling with happiness.
She is back at the party.
She is backward in expressing her opinion.
She is bad at losing.
She is bad at math.
She is bad at sports.
She is bad-mannered.
She is badly brought up.
She is badly injured.
She is badly off.
She is basing her research on the results of the survey.
She is bathing the baby.
She is beautiful and clever.
She is beautiful and how!
She is beautiful but has a very strong cigarette smell.
She is beautiful like her mother.
She is beautiful!
She is beautiful, and even better, honest.
She is beautiful, and what is more, very graceful.
She is beautiful, but dangerous.
She is beautiful, intelligent and, what is best of all, very kind-hearted.
She is beautiful, no matter what she wears.
She is beautiful, she is like a spring's flower.
She is beautiful.
She is becoming less and less attractive.
She is becoming more and more like her sister.
She is before you.
She is begging Linda.
She is beginning to play the piano.
She is behind in her rent.
She is behind the times when it comes to clothes.
She is being as nice as she can.
She is being blackmailed by him.
She is being chased by a coyote.
She is being quiet for the moment.
She is being rather difficult.
She is believed to be from China.
She is beloved by everyone.
She is bent on becoming a lawyer.
She is beside herself with joy.
She is beside herself with rage.
She is better at speaking English than any of her classmates.
She is better off than she was when I met her last.
She is better than any of her classmates speaking English.
She is bigger than I was at her age.
She is bigger than them.
She is bitterly ashamed of her son for stealing.
She is blackmailing him.
She is blessed with good sons.
She is blind to her own beauty.
She is blind.
She is blinded by love.
She is blonde.
She is blushing.
She is booked up all next week.
She is booming as a singer.
She is bored with this novel.
She is bored.
She is both rich and very beautiful.
She is both smart and beautiful.
She is bound to come here.
She is bound to pass the examination.
She is bound with her helplessness.
She is braiding her long hair in the room.
She is brave for a girl.
She is brave to live alone in the desert.
She is brave.
She is breathing deeply in her sleep.
She is breathtaking.
She is bright, friendly, kind, and considerate. In brief, she is a good person.
She is broke.
She is brushing her hair.
She is brushing her teeth.
She is brutally honest; it hurts me from time to time.
She is bubbling over with happiness.
She is building a bridge.
She is burying her head in the sand.
She is bustling about in the kitchen.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
She is busy at present and can’t speak to you.
She is busy cooking dinner.
She is busy learning English.
She is busy preparing for an examination.
She is busy preparing for the examination.
She is busy preparing for the trip.
She is busy preparing supper now.
She is busy right now and she can't speak with you.
She is busy typing the reports.
She is busy typing up reports.
She is busy with the care of her children.
She is busy. Wait a minute.
She is buying a cake in the bakery.
She is buying a toy for her child.
She is buying books in the bookstore.
She is buying bread.
She is buying food.
She is buying jewelry in a jewelry store.
She is buying the computer.
She is by far the best player in that country.
She is by far the best player in the club.
She is by no means angelic.
She is by no means beautiful.
She is by no means honest.
She is by no means polite.
She is by no means selfish.
She is by no means stupid.
She is called Mei. She is cooking in the kitchen.
She is calling her mother.
She is calling the doctor.
She is calm now; she has stopped crying.
She is capable of anything.
She is capable of handling the circumstances.
She is capable of nothing.
She is capable of teaching English.
She is capable of teaching both English and French.
She is carefree.
She is careful about her child's nutrition.
She is careful about her child’s nutrition.
She is careful about the way she receives guests.
She is careful when writing in Latin.
She is careless about dress.
She is careless about her attire.
She is careless about the way she dresses.
She is carrying a backpack on her back.
She is carrying a pack on her back.
She is cautious of giving offense to others.
She is certain that this piece of legislation will garner the whole-hearted support of her colleagues.
She is certain to be surprised.
She is certain to come on time.
She is certain to pass the exam.
She is certain to turn up.
She is certainly a career woman.
She is certainly above forty.
She is certainly over forty.
She is changing her colours once again.
She is charming as well as diligent.
She is charming for all that.
She is chattering yet.
She is checking her phone.
She is chewing.
She is chubby.
She is class president.
She is cleaning a car.
She is clearly insane.
She is clearly over forty.
She is close on sixty.
She is close to sixty.
She is closely associated with the firm.
She is clueless.
She is clutching her hot-water bottle.
She is cold to me.
She is cold, she might have a fever.
She is cold.
She is collecting material for a book.
She is collecting on behalf of the blind.
She is coming at once.
She is coming back from school.
She is coming back next week.
She is coming back tomorrow.
She is coming from England.
She is coming home at the end of this month.
She is coming home from school early.
She is coming with me.
She is coming.
She is committed to her personal growth.
She is completely absorbed in a book.
She is completely crazy.
She is completely deaf in her left ear.
She is completely drunk.
She is completely indifferent to everyone else.
She is completely naïve and believes everything people tell her.
She is concerned about Tom.
She is concerned about her health.
She is concerned about her mother's health.
She is concerned about her mother’s health.
She is concerned about her son's health.
She is concerned about her son’s health.
She is concerned about his safety.
She is concerned about the result of the exam.
She is concerned with health foods.
She is concerned.
She is confident about her decision.
She is confident of her son's success.
She is confident of her son’s success.
She is confident that she will pass the tests.
She is confused.
She is congenitally disabled.
She is connected with that company.
She is connected with the Oda's by marriage.
She is connected with the Oda’s by marriage.
She is considerate of others.
She is consistent in her opinions.
She is constantly criticised.
She is constantly getting lost.
She is constantly in and out of hospital.
She is constantly on the go.
She is constantly writing letters.
She is contemplating a trip.
She is contemplating visiting Europe this summer.
She is contemptuous of your ambition.
She is content with her present salary.
She is content with his present salary.
She is convinced of my innocence.
She is convinced that her son is still alive.
She is cooking broccoli.
She is cooking for him.
She is cooking now.
She is cooking something.
She is cooking.
She is coordinating this activity.
She is corrupt.
She is coughing.
She is courageous.
She is covered in confusion.
She is cowardly.
She is coy with everyone.
She is crazy about me.
She is crazy, she does not speak to anyone.
She is crazy.
She is crocheting a scarf.
She is crying, her heart is full.
She is crying, smiling and shouting; it's hard to watch.
She is crying.
She is curious about anything.
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
She is curious to learn new things.
She is curious.
She is currently in danger.
She is curt.
She is cute.
She is dancing.
She is dark-skinned.
She is dating his brother.
She is dead to love.
She is dead to me.
She is dead to pity.
She is dead.
She is deaf to my advice.
She is deaf.
She is dealing out two apples to each child.
She is dear to me.
She is dearly loved by everybody.
She is deep in study.
She is deeply attached to her parents.
She is deeply concerned for her.
She is deeply concerned for him.
She is definitely a homewrecker.
She is definitely innocent.
She is defrauding France.
She is delicately constituted.
She is delirious.
She is demonic, to say the least.
She is denying herself sweets because of her diet.
She is dependent on her parents even after her marriage.
She is depressed.
She is despised in our area.
She is detaining the boy.
She is determined to leave the company.
She is determined to succeed this time.
She is detested.
She is devoid of common sense.
She is devoted to her children.
She is devoted to her family.
She is devoted to her husband.
She is devoted to her parents.
She is devoted to her three children.
She is devoted to sport.
She is dieting.
She is different from her sister in every way.
She is different from her twin.
She is different from how she looks.
She is diligent and smart enough to win a scholarship.
She is discreet.
She is disgusted by the rude comments.
She is disgusted with the job.
She is dishonest.
She is disposed to get married.
She is distantly related to him.
She is distrustful.
She is dogged by misfortune.
She is doing fine.
She is doing her hair simply.
She is doing her homework now.
She is doing that only to annoy him.
She is doing well at school.
She is down with a cold.
She is down with influenza.
She is drawing a picture.
She is drawing his house.
She is drawing.
She is dreaming.
She is dressed elegantly.
She is dressed in her best.
She is dressed in white.
She is dressed like a bride.
She is drinking beer with our friends in the restaurant.
She is drinking tea.
She is drinking the water.
She is drinking water.
She is drinking.
She is driving.
She is drop dead beautiful.
She is drowning.
She is drunk with happiness.
She is drunk.
She is due soon.
She is due to speak for the class.
She is dying of grief.
She is dying.
She is eager for knowledge.
She is eager to go to France.
She is eager to live in Australia.
She is eager to see cars.
She is easily distracted.
She is easily moved to emotion.
She is easily moved to tears.
She is easily taken in by flattery.
She is easy to get on-board with flattery.
She is easygoing.
She is eating an orange.
She is eating now.
She is eating some bread.
She is eating sweets.
She is eating.
She is economical of her time.
She is economically independent of her parents now.
She is economically independent of her parents.
She is eight months pregnant.
She is eight.
She is eighteen at most.
She is eighty-one.
She is elegant and refined.
She is elegantly dressed.
She is embarrassed to breastfeed in public.
She is embarrassed.
She is employed in a trading company.
She is encouraged that some of the money is slotted for development projects, a key issue, she argues, at this juncture.
She is endowed with a special talent.
She is endowed with a talent for music.
She is endowed with beauty.
She is engaged in social work.
She is engaged in writing a book.
She is engaged in writing letters.
She is engaged to a rich man.
She is engaged to him.
She is engaged.
She is enraged.
She is envious of my good fortune.
She is envious of my success.
She is equal to the occasion.
She is estranged from her parents.
She is even more beautiful.
She is everything to him.
She is everywhere.
She is evidently sick.
She is exact in all the instructions she gives.
She is exact in money matters.
She is exaggerating, obviously.
She is exaggerating, of course.
She is exceedingly sensitive to the cold.
She is excellent at making speeches.
She is excellent in English.
She is excellent in composition.
She is exercising.
She is exhausted from her trip overseas.
She is exhausted.
She is expecting a baby in June.
She is expecting a child.
She is expecting twins.
She is experienced.
She is explaining.
She is extreme in her taste in clothes.
She is extremely attractive.
She is extremely competent.
She is extremely natural in her manner.
She is extremely opinionated but very loving.
She is extremely patient.
She is extremely sensitive to the cold.
She is extremely unpleasant.
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.
She is fair, fat and forty.
She is falling asleep.
She is famed as a soprano.
She is familiar with Japanese history.
She is familiar with the subject.
She is famous as a singer.
She is famous as a soprano.
She is famous as an actress.
She is famous.
She is far away, but I still love her.
She is far better today than yesterday.
She is far from a fool.
She is far from beautiful.
She is far from being pleased about it and she is very angry.
She is far from being richly gifted.
She is far from honest.
She is far more smartly dressed than I am.
She is fashionable.
She is fat.
She is fearless.
She is feeling it.
She is feeling lost.
She is fiercely independent.
She is fifty-five years old, right?
She is fighting for the liberation of the oppressed natives.
She is figure-conscious.
She is filled with grief.
She is filled with joy.
She is filming.
She is filthy rich.
She is fine without sports.
She is fine.
She is finished.
She is finishing a dress with a Peter Pan collar tomorrow.
She is firmly against my plan.
She is firmly determined to own a store of her own.
She is first in line.
She is fit for the job.
She is five years his junior.
She is five years junior to me.
She is five years old.
She is five years younger than me.
She is fixable.
She is fixated on one perceived imperfection when she is perfect in every way.
She is fixing computers.
She is fixing the stove.
She is flexible in her opinions.
She is flexing her skills as a singer.
She is fluent in English and French.
She is flying.
She is focused on finishing high school, securing a college scholarship and getting a job so she can raise her siblings under one roof.
She is fond of animals.
She is fond of baking pirogi.
She is fond of cake.
She is fond of display.
She is fond of painting a picture.
She is fond of playing tennis.
She is fond of singing old songs.
She is forbidden to go out.
She is forty years old.
She is frank in speech.
She is free from care.
She is fresh from college, so she has no experience.
She is friendly to everybody.
She is frightened of thunder.
She is frigid.
She is from Algeria.
She is from Austria.
She is from Chile.
She is from France.
She is from Hokkaido, but is now living in Tokyo.
She is from Japan.
She is from Mexico but lives in the United States.
She is from Rima's school.
She is frugal, not to say stingy.
She is full of adventure.
She is full of energy.
She is full of good intentions.
She is full of potential.
She is funny.
She is gaining in weight.
She is gaining weight.
She is garbed in furs.
She is gathering evidence.
She is gathering healing herbs.
She is gentle to animals.
She is gentle with children.
She is gentle.
She is getting abandoned.
She is getting better by degrees.
She is getting better by slow degrees.
She is getting better day by day.
She is getting breakfast ready.
She is getting married this fall.
She is getting old.
She is getting older.
She is getting on.
She is getting prettier and prettier.
She is getting prettier.
She is getting ready.
She is getting up a new play.
She is getting used to this rural life by degrees.
She is getting well by degrees.
She is getting worse and worse every day.
She is given to drinking rather heavily.
She is given to tennis.
She is giving a party next week.
She is giving a party tonight.
She is giving the baby a bath.
She is glued to the TV all day.
She is going by ferry.
She is going into the second year of pre-school.
She is going on 35.
She is going on the 25th.
She is going out.
She is going to Adekar.
She is going to Bob's.
She is going to Bob’s.
She is going to Chiba Stadium.
She is going to France next week.
She is going to France to study art.
She is going to France to study painting.
She is going to Mount Tate.
She is going to Sendai this spring.
She is going to be a mother soon.
She is going to be in for a great surprise.
She is going to be late for school.
She is going to be six next year.
She is going to buy something tomorrow, so she is happy.
She is going to change her job.
She is going to climb that mountain someday.
She is going to deactivate my phone.
She is going to drive me crazy!
She is going to have a baby this month.
She is going to have a baby.
She is going to have an international marriage.
She is going to have another blouse made to go with her costume.
She is going to have kittens next month.
She is going to have some explaining to do.
She is going to have to choose either the green or the red.
She is going to impose boundaries on her.
She is going to impose boundaries on him.
She is going to learn how to drive.
She is going to marry Mr Johnson on June 4.
She is going to meet the project leaders.
She is going to miss us.
She is going to part from her boyfriend.
She is going to see the lawyer.
She is going to sleep.
She is going to solve this.
She is going to take the bus.
She is going to the shopping center to buy clothes.
She is going to the store.
She is going to visit her grandmother on Saturday.
She is going to wait for her sister here.
She is going to wake up early tomorrow.
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
She is going with me.
She is going.
She is gone for the week.
She is gone shopping.
She is gone.
She is good at climbing up a tree.
She is good at cooking.
She is good at everything, especially in English!
She is good at everything.
She is good at football.
She is good at geography.
She is good at imitating him.
She is good at languages, though.
She is good at making up interesting stories.
She is good at playing tennis.
She is good at playing the guitar.
She is good at playing the piano.
She is good at skiing.
She is good at speaking English, no less so than her brother.
She is good at speaking English.
She is good at swimming.
She is good at taking pictures.
She is good with kids.
She is good-natured.
She is good.
She is graceful.
She is gracious to everyone.
She is gradually recovering.
She is great at skiing.
She is great with child.
She is greatly consumed by remorse.
She is greedy.
She is grieved at her husband's death.
She is grieved at her husband’s death.
She is grounded.
She is growing tall.
She is growing up.
She is guilty of fraud.
She is guilty of stealing.
She is guilty of theft.
She is gutted by her results in the exams.
She is habitually late.
She is half-living, half-dead.
She is handicapped by poor hearing.
She is handsome rather than beautiful.
She is handy with a needle.
She is handy.
She is happiest when she is at home.
She is happiest when she is playing the piano.
She is happy next to her boyfriend.
She is happy to have conceived a baby by him.
She is happy.
She is hard at work.
She is hard on him.
She is hard on them.
She is hard to impress.
She is hard to please.
She is hard up for money.
She is hardly ever late for appointments.
She is hated in our place.
She is hated.
She is having coffee now.
She is having dinner now.
She is having dinner.
She is having lunch now.
She is having lunch.
She is having second thoughts about buying another car.
She is healthy.
She is heaps better today.
She is heating water for the tea.
She is heavy hearted.
She is helping her.
She is helping him.
She is her friend.
She is her mother's match in character.
She is her mother’s match in character.
She is her old self again.
She is her own worst enemy.
She is her real mother.
She is here for a computer.
She is here for bank robbery.
She is here for me.
She is here to keep me company while I’m still recovering.
She is here to stay.
She is here!
She is here.
She is herself again.
She is hidden at home.
She is hideous.
She is hiding.
She is highly reputed not only as a scholar but also as a poet.
She is highly talented and well educated.
She is hiking.
She is his best girlfriend.
She is his complete opposite.
She is his friend.
She is his present wife.
She is his real mother.
She is holding a box with more than two hundred toys.
She is holding a ladle in her right hand.
She is holding a ladle with her left hand.
She is holding a ladle with her right hand.
She is holding a pen in her hands.
She is holding a red flower.
She is holding an umbrella in her hand.
She is holding flowers in her hand.
She is holding her baby in her arms.
She is holding it.
She is holding the boy back.
She is homesick.
She is honest and above bribery.
She is honest and above telling a lie.
She is honest in all she does.
She is honest in deeds and in words.
She is honest.
She is hopeful the upcoming semester will mark a return to normal.
She is horrified.
She is hostile to me.
She is huge.
She is human.
She is hungry for affection.
She is hungry for friends.
She is hungry for knowledge.
She is hungry.
She is hurt.
She is ignorant of even the simplest fact about science.
She is ignorant of even the simplest facts about science.
She is ignorant of everything.
She is ignorant of respite.
She is ignorant of the world.
She is ignoring you.
She is ill-mannered.
She is ill-natured.
She is ill.
She is iller than you think, and the mornings and the evenings are already chill in this bleak clime.
She is impatient for her holidays.
She is impatient.
She is important.
She is in Algeria.
She is in Bergen.
She is in Berlin.
She is in Mallorca, sunbathing by the sea.
She is in Paris.
She is in a bad mood.
She is in a band called "Durian Durian", and they stink.
She is in a cute swimsuit.
She is in a difficult situation.
She is in a green dress.
She is in a hurry because she is late.
She is in a hurry to catch the train.
She is in a hurry to see her mother.
She is in a hurry.
She is in a mood.
She is in a rush, I wonder why?
She is in a temper, because she missed her usual train in the subway and had to walk to work.
She is in a very good mood.
She is in an awful mood.
She is in an very enviable position.
She is in bed with a cold.
She is in bed with a fever.
She is in bed with a temperature.
She is in conference now.
She is in conflict with her father.
She is in danger.
She is in denial.
She is in excellent physical condition.
She is in good circumstances with a large fortune.
She is in good hands.
She is in grave danger.
She is in great anxiety about her son's examination.
She is in great anxiety about her son’s examination.
She is in great danger.
She is in harmony with all her classmates.
She is in her element when it comes to tennis.
She is in her hotel now.
She is in her pyjamas.
She is in her room now.
She is in her second year at university.
She is in her thirties, but looks old for her age.
She is in hospital now.
She is in love with him.
She is in love.
She is in low spirits today.
She is in need of help.
She is in no humor for task.
She is in partial agreement with this decision.
She is in prison.
She is in the bathroom.
She is in the best age now.
She is in the bloom of youth.
She is in the classroom.
She is in the habit of fidgeting in the presence of others.
She is in the habit of jogging before breakfast.
She is in the habit of keeping a diary every day.
She is in the habit of keeping late hours.
She is in the habit of taking exercise before breakfast.
She is in the habit of writing in her diary every day.
She is in the hospital at the moment.
She is in the hospital.
She is in the kitchen because she's making dinner.
She is in the kitchen because she’s making dinner.
She is in the kitchen right now.
She is in the kitchen.
She is in the know.
She is in the pocket of big corporations.
She is in the third trimester of her pregnancy.
She is in the wrong.
She is in trouble.
She is in.
She is incapable of deceit.
She is incapable of doing anything alone.
She is inclined to take a nap.
She is incompetent.
She is incredible.
She is independent of her parents.
She is indifferent to the new religion.
She is indifferent.
She is infected.
She is inferior to him in math.
She is ingenious in economising every oddment.
She is injured.
She is inquisitive, but I like her none the worse.
She is insufferable.
She is intelligent.
She is intense in her study.
She is intensely preparing for the exam.
She is intent on mastering French.
She is interested in Korean because of Korean drama.
She is interested in Mathematics.
She is interested in everything that has to do with history.
She is interested in jazz.
She is interested in justice.
She is interested in learning Berber.
She is interested in learning new ideas.
She is interested in mathematics.
She is interested in music.
She is interested.
She is intimidated by all of us.
She is intimidating.
She is invisible to the naked eye.
She is jealous of Skura.
She is jealous.
She is joking.
She is just a child.
She is just a little girl.
She is just a wallflower.
She is just a washed-up football player.
She is just an ordinary girl.
She is just as beautiful as her mother.
She is just as charming as her sister.
She is just back from the toilet.
She is just going shopping.
She is just started for your house.
She is just such a teacher as we all admire.
She is just the girl I want.
She is keen on birds and flowers.
She is keen to go abroad.
She is keen to pass the examination.
She is keeping me company.
She is killing me.
She is kind by nature.
She is kind to him.
She is kind to old people.
She is kind.
She is kindhearted by nature.
She is kindness itself.
She is kissing him.
She is knitting a scarf.
She is knitting a sweater for her boyfriend.
She is knitting a sweater.
She is known as auntie at the office.
She is known as the Japanese Picasso.
She is known for her soup.
She is known in India as well as in China.
She is known to everyone.
She is lacking in common sense.
She is lacking in sense of beauty.
She is large, not to say fat.
She is late again.
She is late for work again and is not afraid to lose her job.
She is late.
She is laughing.
She is lazy.
She is leading by two meters.
She is learning English and Chinese.
She is learning Gaelic.
She is learning both Vietnamese and English.
She is learning how to drive a car.
She is learning how to play the accordion.
She is learning pole dancing.
She is learning the piano.
She is learning very quickly.
She is leaving at nine o'clock.
She is leaving for America tonight.
She is leaving for her hometown tomorrow morning.
She is leaving for the United States tonight.
She is leaving the town tomorrow morning.
She is leaving.
She is less beautiful than her mother is.
She is less beautiful than her sister is.
She is less beautiful than her sister.
She is less intelligent than you.
She is lighting some candles in her room.
She is lighting some candles in his room.
She is lighting some candles in your room.
She is like a beautiful dream.
She is like a hen with one chicken.
She is like a mother to me.
She is like a runaway waterfall leaping over boulders, like the topmost bamboo twig rustling in the restless wind.
She is like a sister to me.
She is like my own child.
She is liked by everyone.
She is likely to come.
She is likely to live to be one hundred.
She is likely to live to one hundred.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she does not like him.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn’t like him.
She is listening to him.
She is listening to music.
She is listening to the new song.
She is listening to the radio.
She is listening.
She is living abroad.
She is living an unhappy life.
She is living from hand to mouth.
She is living hand-to-mouth.
She is living in London.
She is living in some village in India.
She is living in the middle of nowhere.
She is living in the village.
She is living with her uncle now.
She is loaded with sex appeal.
She is longing for city life.
She is longing to meet Tom.
She is looked on as the leading authority on the subject.
She is looked up to by all her classmates.
She is looked up to by her friends.
She is looked up to.
She is looking at a beautiful picture.
She is looking at my beautiful picture.
She is looking at our fruit.
She is looking at your beautiful tulip.
She is looking for a book.
She is looking for a hotel.
She is looking for a job as a baker.
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
She is looking for a job, but her standards are too high.
She is looking for a large apartment.
She is looking for an apartment.
She is looking for her car keys.
She is looking for her car.
She is looking for her father whom she has not met.
She is looking for her missing wallet.
She is looking forward to going to the Tohoku district.
She is looking forward to going to the movies with him.
She is looking forward to her birthday party.
She is looking forward to seeing him again.
She is looking up at me with impassive eyes.
She is losing blood.
She is losing her hair.
She is losing.
She is loved by everybody because she is cheerful.
She is loved by everybody.
She is loved by everyone.
She is loved by him.
She is loved.
She is lovely.
She is lucky to be alive after that fall.
She is lucky.
She is lying about her age.
She is lying on the bed with a bruised face.
She is lying on the table.
She is lying.
She is mad at me.
She is mad at you.
She is made to be an editor.
She is madly in love with her.
She is madly in love with him.
She is making a mountain out of a molehill.
She is making an effort at becoming a model.
She is making dinner.
She is making flowers out of paper.
She is making paper flowers.
She is making progress with her English.
She is making progress.
She is making spare parts in a car factory.
She is making tea.
She is making the beds.
She is making use of you.
She is manipulative.
She is married and has children.
She is married to a foreigner.
She is married to an American.
She is married to an English teacher, so she can take lessons free of charge.
She is married with a German.
She is married, and has two daughters, a son, and five grandchildren.
She is married.
She is marrying Mr. Johnson on the 4th of June.
She is materialistic and superficial.
She is meditating.
She is merciful.
She is mischievous.
She is missing the point.
She is mixing with the wrong crowd.
She is modest about her achievement.
She is more active.
She is more an acquaintance than a friend.
She is more beautiful than any other girl.
She is more beautiful than you think.
She is more charming that the others.
She is more clever than beautiful.
She is more famous than he is.
She is more famous than him.
She is more famous than you.
She is more gentle than kind.
She is more human in thinking than you.
She is more influenced by personal anecdote than I.
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
She is more shy than cold.
She is more skeptical than I am.
She is more than difficult.
She is more thin than slender.
She is more wise than clever.
She is most kind to me.
She is motivated.
She is moving.
She is much afraid of dogs.
She is much cleverer than she looks.
She is much concerned about the result.
She is much taller than I.
She is much taller than her mother.
She is much taller than me.
She is much the tallest girl.
She is much younger than Tom.
She is mumbling.
She is muttering to herself.
She is my best friend.
She is my boss and also my best friend.
She is my classmate.
She is my cousin on my mother's side.
She is my daughter.
She is my dream girl.
She is my elder sister.
She is my father's mother. She is my paternal grandmother.
She is my father's sister. She is my aunt.
She is my favorite character.
She is my first love.
She is my foster daughter.
She is my friend Mari.
She is my friend.
She is my future wife.
She is my gipsy wife.
She is my girlfriend.
She is my grandmother.
She is my happiness.
She is my heart's desire.
She is my heart.
She is my idol.
She is my leader.
She is my mistress!
She is my most beautiful friend.
She is my mother-in-law.
She is my mother.
She is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.
She is my muse.
She is my older sister.
She is my one and only.
She is my protector.
She is my queen.
She is my relative on my father's side.
She is my sister.
She is my stepmother.
She is my teacher.
She is my third cousin twice removed.
She is my ward.
She is my wife's mother, that is to say, my mother-in-law.
She is my wife.
She is naked.
She is nearly blind if she's not wearing glasses.
She is neatly dressed.
She is needy.
She is neither alive nor dead.
She is neither at home nor at school.
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
She is never late for school.
She is never on time.
She is never online, even during her vacation.
She is never wrong.
She is new, so she doesn't know anyone.
She is newly divorced.
She is next to them.
She is nice and an educated person.
She is nice.
She is no beauty.
She is no better than a thief.
She is no doubt pretty, but she isn't beautiful.
She is no doubt pretty, but she isn’t beautiful.
She is no fool.
She is no less beautiful than her mother.
She is no less beautiful than her older sister.
She is no less beautiful than her sister is.
She is no less beautiful than her sister.
She is no less charming than her older sister.
She is no less charming than her sister.
She is no less clever than her sister.
She is no less kind than her sister is.
She is no less pretty than her sister.
She is no less slender than her sister is.
She is no longer a nine-year-old Cinderella.
She is no longer employed in Tizi Ouzou.
She is no longer my friend.
She is no longer my girlfriend.
She is no longer of childbearing age.
She is no longer the cheerful woman she once was.
She is no longer welcome here.
She is no longer what she used to be.
She is no longer what she was five years ago.
She is no match for me.
She is no more beautiful than her mother is.
She is no more careful than her mother is.
She is no more than a child.
She is no ordinary singer.
She is no ordinary student.
She is no saint.
She is no stranger to me.
She is nobody's fool.
She is nodding her head.
She is nodding.
She is none the less beautiful for her faults.
She is not Anna.
She is not Finnish.
She is not Lili.
She is not South Korean.
She is not a baker.
She is not a butcher.
She is not a club member.
She is not a doctor, but a teacher.
She is not a famous dancer.
She is not a fan of winter sports.
She is not a girl.
She is not a good person.
She is not a good sailor.
She is not a maniac.
She is not a member of the club.
She is not a nurse, but a doctor.
She is not a physician.
She is not a pilot yet.
She is not a poet but a novelist.
She is not a professor of Spanish.
She is not a real doctor.
She is not a singer, but an actress.
She is not a student.
She is not a virgin anymore.
She is not a woman to break her promise.
She is not a woman.
She is not able to keep vigil.
She is not able to read what is written.
She is not about to get married.
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time.
She is not afraid of anything.
She is not afraid to die.
She is not allowed to go out now.
She is not alone.
She is not always happy.
She is not always late.
She is not an American, but she loves America.
She is not an open book.
She is not angry with me.
She is not angry.
She is not animal-loving.
She is not anything like her mother.
She is not as beautiful as her older sister.
She is not as beautiful as she was before.
She is not as intelligent as you.
She is not as lucky as he is.
She is not as lucky as him.
She is not as old as my sister is.
She is not as patient as you.
She is not as pretty as her sister.
She is not as punctual as her little sister.
She is not as smart as she thinks she is.
She is not as tall as Mary.
She is not as tall as he.
She is not as tough as she seems.
She is not as young as I am.
She is not as young as she looks.
She is not ashamed of her misconduct.
She is not at all a beauty, but she has an indescribable charm.
She is not at all a beauty, but she has an unspeakable charm.
She is not at home.
She is not available.
She is not aware of her beauty.
She is not bad in herself.
She is not beautiful, certainly, but she is good-natured.
She is not beautiful, to be sure, but she is good-natured.
She is not beautiful.
She is not being careful.
She is not capable of loving any man.
She is not coming back until next year.
She is not concerned in the affair.
She is not dead yet.
She is not disappointed.
She is not dumb.
She is not eaten up by her heart.
She is not eligible for marriage.
She is not even a math teacher.
She is not even a teacher.
She is not far from the truth.
She is not fond of pets.
She is not freezing.
She is not going to Australia to build stores.
She is not going to accompany the children to school.
She is not going to explain it to them.
She is not going to help us.
She is not going to like this very much.
She is not going to take the children to school.
She is not good at cooking.
She is not happy.
She is not here yet.
She is not here.
She is not herself today.
She is not home, but at school.
She is not honest at all.
She is not ill.
She is not important.
She is not in the kitchen, nor is she in the living room.
She is not in the least surprised.
She is not in the least worried about her test scores.
She is not innocent anymore.
She is not interested in swimming.
She is not jealous.
She is not just intelligent, but pretty.
She is not known in the country.
She is not less beautiful than her sister.
She is not less than thirty.
She is not lucky, she remained a spinster.
She is not lying.
She is not merely beautiful but bright.
She is not my aunt.
She is not my enemy.
She is not my friend.
She is not my mother but my oldest sister.
She is not my mother but rather my oldest sister.
She is not my sister but my mother.
She is not my sister, but my mother.
She is not old enough to get a driving licence.
She is not old enough to travel abroad by herself.
She is not old.
She is not older than you.
She is not only beautiful but also amiable.
She is not only beautiful but also intelligent.
She is not only beautiful but also kind to everybody.
She is not only beautiful, but also gentle and, furthermore, intelligent.
She is not only fluent in English but speaks French fluently as well.
She is not only gentle but brave.
She is not only good at running; she is also good at singing.
She is not only honest, but also wise.
She is not only intelligent but beautiful.
She is not only kind but honest.
She is not only kind, but also honest.
She is not only pretty, but also bright.
She is not only pretty, but also kind.
She is not only well known in India, but is also well known in China.
She is not pathetic.
She is not playing straight.
She is not pregnant.
She is not pretty, to be sure, but she is very clever.
She is not proud of what she did.
She is not quite content.
She is not quite sincere in what in what she says.
She is not quite sincere in what she says.
She is not ready.
She is not really a good teacher.
She is not rich enough to waste money.
She is not rich.
She is not scared of taking big risks.
She is not self-sufficient.
She is not serious.
She is not sick.
She is not smart, but she is built.
She is not so foolish that she does not know it.
She is not so insensitive a girl as to laugh at a funeral.
She is not so much a singer as a comedian.
She is not so much a singer as an actress.
She is not so much an actress as a singer.
She is not so much honest as clever.
She is not so much unsociable as bashful.
She is not so shy as she used to be.
She is not such a girl as you imagine her to be.
She is not such a girl as you imagine.
She is not tall.
She is not the cheerful woman she was before.
She is not the founder, she's the investor.
She is not the kind of person you think she is.
She is not the victim.
She is not the woman she was before she married.
She is not there at all.
She is not there yet.
She is not there.
She is not to blame.
She is not ugly.
She is not under our protection.
She is not up yet.
She is not very good at arcade games.
She is not very good at the game of politics.
She is not very good with words.
She is not very tall.
She is not very well off.
She is not wearing slippers.
She is not what she used to be ten years ago.
She is not what she used to be.
She is not what she was ten years ago.
She is not what you suppose her to be.
She is not what you think she is.
She is not without beauty.
She is not without money.
She is not working for free.
She is not worried.
She is not wrong.
She is not yet ready to answer.
She is not young.
She is not your enemy.
She is noted as a singer.
She is nothing but a child.
She is nothing but a singer.
She is nothing of a poet.
She is nothing to him.
She is now an utter stranger to me.
She is now as tall as her mother.
She is now better off than when she was young.
She is now busy, and therefore she cannot talk with you.
She is now eighty-one years old.
She is now in a low frame of mind.
She is now in danger.
She is now in the prime of womanhood.
She is now involved in tennis.
She is now looking like mum and not like her mum.
She is now making coffee in the kitchen.
She is now on vacation.
She is now putting the things in her room in order.
She is now staying at her uncle's house.
She is now staying at her uncle’s house.
She is now talking to one of her teachers.
She is now taller than her mother.
She is now usually in an emotional state.
She is now well enough to wash her hair by herself.
She is now well enough to work.
She is nuts.
She is obedient to her parents.
She is oblivious to her fate.
She is obsessed with her favorite band.
She is obsessed with organizing her bookshelf.
She is obsessed with redecorating her living space.
She is obsessed with taking photographs of nature.
She is obsessed with watching documentaries about space.
She is obstinate.
She is obviously offended.
She is of American parentage.
She is of French birth.
She is of average height.
She is off duty tonight.
She is often absent without leave.
She is often confused with her sister.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
She is often late for school on a rainy day.
She is often lax in her duties.
She is often mistaken for her sister.
She is old and experienced.
She is old and ill.
She is old enough to hold a driver's license.
She is old enough to hold a driver’s license.
She is old enough to know better than to expect too much of her parents.
She is old enough to know better.
She is old enough to travel by herself.
She is old.
She is older and wiser now.
She is older than Jane by two years.
She is older than him.
She is older than me.
She is on TV now.
She is on a diet for fear that she will put on weight.
She is on a diet to lose weight.
She is on a diet.
She is on a first-name basis with all the customers.
She is on death row.
She is on friendly terms with him.
She is on the cutting edge.
She is on the radio.
She is on the run.
She is on the teaching staff.
She is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
She is on the wrong side of twenty.
She is one of my best friends.
She is one of my colleagues.
She is one of my friends.
She is one of the best ballerinas in the world.
She is one of the girls we invited to the party.
She is one of the kindest people I know.
She is one of the most generous people I know.
She is one of the most untrustworthy people I have ever met.
She is one of the premiere legal minds currently trying to grok the intersection between surveillance, privacy, and public policy.
She is one of those people who are unwilling to take a risk because of the fear of losing what little they have.
She is one person I can't live without.
She is one thing on the outside, but another on the inside.
She is only 26 years old but has already managed several companies.
She is only a child.
She is only critical of me.
She is only hard on me.
She is only interested in playing.
She is only putting on an act.
She is only six months old.
She is only thinking of her future.
She is only too pleased to be advised by men.
She is only two years old but is able to count to 100.
She is only two years old, but she already knows how to count to one hundred.
She is open to people who have a different point of view.
She is open to people who see things differently.
She is opening the window.
She is ordering a drink at the bar.
She is our Arabic teacher.
She is our daughter.
She is our neighbor.
She is our neighbour.
She is our new Arabic teacher.
She is our next best pianist after Mr Long.
She is out now, as is often the case with her.
She is out now.
She is out of danger.
She is out of her mind.
She is out of his mind.
She is out on an errand.
She is outside.
She is over there.
She is over twenty.
She is overly competitive.
She is painting a beautiful picture of a swan.
She is painting.
She is pansexual.
She is panting from playing basketball.
She is paralyzed in both legs.
She is partial to chocolate cake.
She is partial to sweets.
She is particular about food.
She is particular about her dress.
She is particular about what she wears.
She is passionately in love with her.
She is passionately in love with him.
She is pathetic.
She is peeling crab shells.
She is peeling the potatoes.
She is perceived as a promiscuous mother, unworthy of raising her daughter.
She is perfect in every respect.
She is permitted to use this typewriter.
She is perplexed.
She is persecuting me.
She is persistent though she doesn't look so.
She is persistent though she doesn’t look so.
She is petting his horse.
She is physically very strong.
She is picking over a basket of grapes.
She is pigeon-toed.
She is pitiful.
She is plain and stout as popular stars go.
She is planning to stay home tonight.
She is planting trees.
She is playing an important role in our organization.
She is playing ball.
She is playing here.
She is playing in her room.
She is playing poker with them.
She is playing with a doll.
She is playing with her friends.
She is pleasant.
She is pleased at her success.
She is pleased with her new dress.
She is pleased with the company.
She is pleased with the dress.
She is pleasing to his eyes.
She is plump.
She is poisoned.
She is politeness itself.
She is poopy child.
She is poor, but happy.
She is poor, but she is happy.
She is poor, but she looks happy.
She is popular among everybody.
She is popular not because of her beauty, but because of her kindness.
She is popular not because she is beautiful, but because she is kind to everyone.
She is popular with other girls.
She is positive of passing the test.
She is positive.
She is possessed by a devil.
She is pouring milk into a cup.
She is powerful.
She is practicing the violin now.
She is practicing.
She is practising.
She is praying.
She is precise in keeping appointments.
She is pregnant again.
She is pregnant.
She is prepared for the interview tomorrow.
She is prepared.
She is preparing for college.
She is preparing for the Olympic Games this year.
She is preparing to the Olympic Games this year.
She is pressing all the phone buttons.
She is prettier than her sister.
She is pretty bad at tennis.
She is pretty rather than beautiful.
She is pretty, and what is better, very kind.
She is pretty.
She is probably burning in hell.
She is probably just making a mountain out of a molehill again.
She is probably over forty.
She is proficient in French.
She is proficient in both Spanish and Italian.
She is progressing in Chinese.
She is promoting an alliance.
She is proof against any temptation.
She is proof against flattery.
She is proud of being beautiful.
She is proud of having been beautiful in her youth.
She is proud of having been beautiful.
She is proud of her children.
She is proud of her daughter.
She is proud of her father being rich.
She is proud of her husband being rich.
She is proud of her job.
She is proud of her son.
She is proud of her sons.
She is proud of her students.
She is proud of herself.
She is proud of never having been late for school.
She is proud of the Kabyle language.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
She is proud.
She is prudish.
She is pursuing her career in interior design.
She is putting on some face lotion.
She is putting on weight.
She is putting some salt in the potato soup.
She is putting the children to bed.
She is putting the children to sleep.
She is qualified as a nurse.
She is quick at everything.
She is quick at figures.
She is quiet.
She is quite a clever girl.
She is quite a poet.
She is quite an excellent cook.
She is quite angry.
She is quite at home in English.
She is quite big.
She is quite clearly aware that her current position is very beneficial.
She is quite clearly aware that her position is very beneficial now.
She is quite coquettish.
She is quite decent in conduct.
She is quite equal to the teacher in her ability to speak English.
She is quite good at cooking.
She is quite ignorant of cooking.
She is quite ignorant of the world.
She is quite impartial.
She is quite pretty, but looks unhealthy.
She is quite satisfied with her life as it is.
She is quite satisfied with her new job.
She is quite small.
She is rarely late for appointments.
She is rarely late.
She is rather an idealist.
She is rather cross now.
She is rather nervous.
She is rather poor at tennis.
She is readily accessible to flattery.
She is reading a beginner's manual on gardening.
She is reading a book in her room.
She is reading a book in the library.
She is reading a book.
She is reading a comic book.
She is reading a manual on gardening.
She is reading a textbook.
She is reading from her computer.
She is reading it.
She is reading one entertainment magazine.
She is reading.
She is ready for this.
She is ready to leave for the airport.
She is ready.
She is really a good girl.
She is really a good singer.
She is really a nice girl.
She is really angry.
She is really beautiful.
She is really big.
She is really charming and has black hair.
She is really cute.
She is really enchanting, and has black hair.
She is really good with children.
She is really in good health.
She is really into knitting.
She is really pissed at me.
She is really pissed off at me.
She is really pissed off with me.
She is really very beautiful!
She is really wasteful!
She is reasonable, albeit strict.
She is recognized as the best figure-skater in the country.
She is recognized to be an expert on linguistics.
She is redecorating.
She is regarded as one of the best novelists ever.
She is regarded as the leading authority on the subject.
She is regardless of her appearance.
She is related to him by marriage.
She is related to him.
She is reliable, polite and knowledgeable.
She is reluctant to marry him.
She is remarkably attractive.
She is renting a house there.
She is repurposing jeans jackets by adding her distinctive artistic touch on each of them.
She is reputable, rational and above all pretty.
She is reserved by nature.
She is respected by her friends.
She is respectful.
She is responsible for it.
She is responsible for this broken window.
She is responsible.
She is resting now.
She is resting.
She is restraining the boy.
She is returning from England.
She is returning to this town.
She is rich and he is poor.
She is rich but he is poor.
She is rich, and what is better, very beautiful.
She is rich, but he is twice as rich.
She is rich, but she isn't happy.
She is rich, but unfortunate.
She is rich, certainly, but I don't think she's very smart.
She is rich, to be sure, but I don't think she's very smart.
She is rich, to be sure, but I don’t think she’s very smart.
She is rich, young, and beautiful.
She is rich, young, and pretty.
She is right in her opinions.
She is right.
She is rough in speech.
She is rude.
She is running outdoors.
She is running.
She is ruthless.
She is sad.
She is said to be France's best tennis player.
She is said to be a domestic woman.
She is said to be a good cook.
She is said to be a leader in the women's liberation movement.
She is said to be a leader in the women’s liberation movement.
She is said to be in hospital now.
She is said to be in love with him.
She is said to be very mean.
She is said to be wealthy.
She is said to have been a model.
She is said to have been an actress about twenty years ago.
She is said to have been beautiful.
She is said to have been rich.
She is said to have had a nice husband.
She is said to have had an affair with the mayor of the town.
She is said to have killed her husband.
She is said to have refused his proposal.
She is satisfied.
She is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world.
She is saving money to go abroad.
She is scared of her father.
She is scared of spiders.
She is scared of the dentist.
She is scared that you will lose the way.
She is scared to death of her father.
She is scared to death.
She is scared.
She is scaring me.
She is scary-looking with all that makeup.
She is schizophrenic.
She is second to none in French.
She is second to none in her command of French.
She is second to none in swimming in her school.
She is second to none when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
She is secretary to Mr Uda.
She is seeing a Kabuki play now.
She is seeking a job.
She is seeking my advice.
She is seeking wealth.
She is seldom at ease with strangers.
She is seldom late for school.
She is self-absorbed.
She is selling a new hat.
She is sending out an SOS.
She is senior to me by six years.
She is senior to me by three years.
She is senior to me by two years.
She is sensitive about her looks.
She is sensitive to current fashions.
She is sensitive to the heat.
She is serious when she talks about her hobby.
She is severely ill.
She is severely injured.
She is sewing a dress.
She is sexually active.
She is shaking like a leaf.
She is shaking.
She is shallow.
She is shameless.
She is sharp.
She is shearing the sheep.
She is shocked.
She is short, but beautiful.
She is shorter than Tom.
She is showing the way.
She is shy and always remains in the background.
She is shy and talks little.
She is shy of strangers.
She is shy so she cannot say "I love you".
She is shy, which is why she chose not to say "I love you".
She is sick today.
She is sick.
She is sincere in her promise.
She is singing a song on the stage.
She is singing the latest popular songs.
She is singing very well.
She is singing with a guitar.
She is single.
She is sitting at the table.
She is sitting in the tub.
She is sitting on the bench.
She is sitting on the table.
She is sitting.
She is skipping rope.
She is skipping school.
She is sleeping over at our place one night.
She is sleeping.
She is slender and petite, with long black hair which she wears in a bun at the back of her head, held in place by a single chopstick.
She is slim.
She is small.
She is smart, isn't she?
She is smarter than he is.
She is smarter than him.
She is smoking hot.
She is smoking.
She is so beautiful in her Kabyle dress.
She is so funny.
She is so going to pay for this.
She is so gullible.
She is so happy.
She is so heartless.
She is so lame.
She is so pretty that whenever I see her I get dizzy.
She is so rude: she keeps on drooling.
She is so tall!
She is so tired.
She is somebody who tries to put herself in people's shoes.
She is somebody who writes for herself.
She is someone who can get things done.
She is someone you can trust.
She is sometimes nice.
She is somewhat refined.
She is sophisticated.
She is sore everywhere.
She is sorry.
She is speaking dogmatically.
She is speaking to herself.
She is speaking.
She is spinning wool.
She is standing at the top of the mountain.
She is standing in front of the door.
She is standing.
She is starving.
She is stationed in Germany.
She is staying at a little hotel by the castle.
She is staying at her grandmother's.
She is staying at her uncle's.
She is staying with her grandmother.
She is staying with her mother.
She is sterile, she cannot have children.
She is still a girl.
She is still active.
She is still at school.
She is still dyeing her hair.
She is still financially dependent on her parents.
She is still full of energy.
She is still going in circles at home.
She is still here, isn’t she?
She is still here.
She is still in the kitchen.
She is still in the painful process of growing up.
She is still inside.
She is still little known.
She is still my daughter.
She is still not used to the cellphone.
She is still only eight years old.
She is still out.
She is still playing with a doll.
She is still pregnant to this day – forty years later!
She is still searching for you.
She is still sitting next to him.
She is still talking.
She is still there.
She is still under age.
She is still working.
She is strange.
She is strong enough to carry the suitcase.
She is strong.
She is stronger than you.
She is struggling helplessly.
She is stubborn.
She is stuck.
She is studying English, but she is also studying German.
She is studying Hawaiian.
She is studying Portuguese in Brazil.
She is studying film in college.
She is studying fine art at school.
She is studying law at the university.
She is studying law at university.
She is studying.
She is stunningly good-looking.
She is subscribed.
She is such a hypocrite.
She is such a loser.
She is suffering from a severe disease.
She is suffering from an untreatable illness.
She is suffering from anorexia.
She is suffering from jaundice.
She is suffering from kidney disease.
She is suffering from kidney failure.
She is suffering.
She is suffocating.
She is suing us.
She is sunbathing on the beach.
She is sure anyone can do anything – regardless of age.
She is sure of her success.
She is sure to come.
She is surprised.
She is surrounded by an aura of powerful magnetism.
She is suspected of being a spy.
She is sweating.
She is swimming in the river.
She is swimming.
She is taking a Dutch course.
She is taking a huge risk.
She is taking an enormous risk.
She is taking her final exam.
She is talented in many areas.
She is talented.
She is talkative, but her spouse is the exact opposite and never speaks.
She is talking all the time.
She is talking on the phone.
She is talking.
She is tall and slender.
She is tall and slim.
She is tall.
She is taller than Mary.
She is taller than her mother.
She is taller than her sister.
She is taller than me.
She is taller than you.
She is taller than your sister.
She is teaching Berber at a nearby school.
She is teaching Berber next school year.
She is teaching me.
She is teaching us English.
She is teaching us French.
She is telling the truth.
She is ten years old.
She is tenderness personified.
She is terrible at cooking.
She is terribly gluttonous.
She is terribly ill-humoured.
She is terrified of her father.
She is terrified of hospitals.
She is terrified of the dark.
She is terrified.
She is testing my patience.
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.
She is the apple of my eye.
She is the athletic trainer.
She is the best in her class.
She is the best.
She is the bride.
She is the chieftain of this tribe and you will address her with respect.
She is the chosen one.
She is the custodial parent.
She is the cutest girl.
She is the editor-in-chief.
She is the embodiment of that way of life.
She is the embodiment of this way of life.
She is the executive director of a nonprofit organization that works with local lobstermen to remove abandoned fishing gear from the ocean.
She is the executive editor.
She is the first woman to coach a boys’ varsity team in Nevada.
She is the galactic champion.
She is the goddess of orgy.
She is the happiest in her class.
She is the head of the house.
She is the joy of the whole family.
She is the last to speak ill of others.
She is the laziest person I know.
She is the leader of the family.
She is the light of my life.
She is the love of his life.
She is the love of my life.
She is the manager of a coffee shop.
She is the messenger.
She is the minister responsible for the environment.
She is the most beautiful girl in our class.
She is the most beautiful of all the girls.
She is the most boring girl I ever knew.
She is the mother of three daughters.
She is the musical director for this film.
She is the national champion.
She is the oldest of the three sisters.
She is the oldest of the two sisters.
She is the oldest.
She is the one who feeds our dog.
She is the one who is wrong among them.
She is the one who opened the door for you.
She is the one who runs the household.
She is the one who took care of her wound.
She is the one who took care of his wound.
She is the one you should model yourself after.
She is the only friend I have.
She is the only one who loves them.
She is the only trustee of the university who never attended it as a student.
She is the only woman at her job.
She is the owner of a candy store.
She is the owner of a very big house.
She is the person I was waiting for.
She is the prettiest girl in the class.
She is the pride of her class.
She is the prime minister of Finland.
She is the problem.
She is the queen of tap dancing; there is no one who surpasses her rhythm and grace of movement.
She is the same age as you.
She is the same height as me.
She is the sister of my brother's colleague.
She is the slave of her family.
She is the sweetest.
She is the tallest in the class.
She is the type men call "stunning."
She is the very image of her mother.
She is the very most famous actress.
She is the victim of this incident.
She is the woman I am marrying.
She is the woman I love.
She is the woman I will be marrying.
She is the woman of my desires.
She is the woman to whom I gave the gift.
She is the younger of the two.
She is the youngest between us.
She is the youngest of my three children.
She is there.
She is thinking about travelling.
She is thinking about what happened.
She is thinking of suing as a last resort.
She is thirsty.
She is thirty-one.
She is three years older than I am.
She is three years younger than Mary.
She is threshing wheat.
She is throwing away the old newspapers.
She is tight.
She is timid like a rabbit.
She is tired because she has worked all day.
She is tired.
She is too candid; sometimes it hurts me.
She is too drunk.
She is too independent to work under somebody's control.
She is too meek.
She is too old for you.
She is too proud.
She is too rich to become a thief.
She is too sensitive.
She is too shy to kiss him.
She is too sincere; sometimes it hurts me.
She is too skinny that her pants are slim like threads.
She is too strict.
She is too strong.
She is too tired to even go one step further.
She is too tired to study.
She is too tired to work.
She is too weak.
She is too young to go to bars.
She is too young to go to school.
She is too young to know the truth.
She is too young to marry.
She is too young to understand that her father died.
She is too young.
She is torn by jealousy.
She is tossing and turning in bed.
She is totally crazy for him.
She is totally jealous of your youth.
She is tough.
She is traveling around the world.
She is traveling now.
She is traveling west.
She is travelling around the world.
She is treacherous, like a serpent.
She is troubled with heart disease.
She is truly beautiful. Very sensitive, elegant, nice and with a majestic smile.
She is truly ill.
She is truly sick.
She is trying hard.
She is trying to find her father.
She is trying to lose weight.
She is trying to prove the existence of ghosts.
She is trying to save as much money as she can.
She is trying.
She is twenty years old.
She is two months old.
She is two years old, but she can already count to 100.
She is two years older than Jane.
She is two years older than you.
She is two years senior to you.
She is two years younger than I.
She is two years younger than me.
She is ugly as fuck.
She is ugly.
She is unable to add that sentence.
She is unable to cope with stress.
She is unable to fend for herself.
She is unable to mock me.
She is unable to stay awake.
She is unable to withstand the pressure.
She is unaware of what's in store for her.
She is unaware of who owns them.
She is unaware of who your owner is.
She is unbeaten at that video game.
She is unbelievable.
She is unbelievably naÃ¯ve.
She is unbelievably naïve.
She is uncompromising!
She is unconscious of her sin.
She is unconscious.
She is undecided this evening.
She is undeniably pretty.
She is under the chair.
She is uninjured.
She is unjustly imprisoned.
She is unpleasant and abrasive.
She is unsociable.
She is unstoppable!
She is unwilling to accept responsibility.
She is unwrapping her birthday present.
She is up the duff.
She is upset.
She is used to cooking.
She is used to getting up early.
She is used to giving lectures.
She is used to handling this machine.
She is used to living a hardworking and frugal life.
She is used to living alone.
She is used to riding horses.
She is used to sitting.
She is used to sleeping in a tent.
She is used to speaking in public.
She is used to staying up all night.
She is used to staying up late.
She is used to traveling.
She is used to walking long distances.
She is usually at home on Sundays.
She is vain about her beauty.
She is vain about her slender figure.
She is vain of her beauty.
She is vehemently opposed to political correctness.
She is very active.
She is very afraid of her father.
She is very afraid of the dark.
She is very angry with her children.
She is very angry with him.
She is very angry with me.
She is very annoyed with me.
She is very anxious about his health.
She is very anxious about your health.
She is very anxious for her son to succeed.
She is very appealing.
She is very attentive to her grandmother.
She is very bad!
She is very beautiful, and what is more, very wise.
She is very beautiful.
She is very becoming in a black party dress.
She is very biased against abstract painting.
She is very bitter toward me.
She is very bright.
She is very busy.
She is very careful, so she seldom makes mistakes.
She is very charming.
She is very clever.
She is very competent.
She is very cross with him.
She is very cunning.
She is very cynical about life.
She is very dear to me.
She is very efficient in the secretarial work.
She is very exact in her job.
She is very fast.
She is very fond of dogs.
She is very fond of flowers.
She is very fond of gossip.
She is very fond of standing out.
She is very fond of writing poems.
She is very free with her money.
She is very frugal, not to say stingy.
She is very good at changing the subject.
She is very good at imitating her teacher.
She is very good at maths.
She is very happy eating chocolate.
She is very happy to eat chocolate.
She is very hardworking.
She is very healthy.
She is very human.
She is very intelligent and passionate.
She is very intelligent.
She is very interested in politics.
She is very kind to us.
She is very kind. This is why she is liked by everybody.
She is very knowledgeable about animals.
She is very mature.
She is very much afraid of dogs.
She is very much interested in biology.
She is very much like her mother.
She is very negligent in her dress.
She is very nervous and is always ill at ease.
She is very old and deaf, and we can get no information from her.
She is very old and deaf.
She is very old, she has got one foot in the grave.
She is very particular about her food.
She is very photogenic.
She is very polite.
She is very popular among the boys.
She is very popular among the students.
She is very popular with the clients.
She is very pretty, I mean, she is attractive and beautiful.
She is very pretty, but not alluring.
She is very pretty, isn't she?
She is very pretty, isn’t she?
She is very pretty.
She is very proud of her daughter.
She is very proud of her stamp collection.
She is very proud of her talent.
She is very sad.
She is very self-serving.
She is very sensitive to criticism.
She is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties.
She is very shy.
She is very sick and needs an operation.
She is very sick.
She is very smart, and what is more, she studies hard.
She is very snappy, so don't get too close to her.
She is very strict as a teacher.
She is very talented.
She is very teachable.
She is very thoughtful and patient.
She is very thrifty.
She is very unhappy now because her husband doesn't care much about his family.
She is very well, thank you.
She is very wise.
She is very worried about her.
She is very worried about him.
She is visiting Paris.
She is waiting for the bus at the station.
She is waiting for us at the corner near the bank.
She is waiting now in the sitting-room.
She is waiting.
She is walking silently.
She is walking slowly at the back.
She is walking.
She is wandering.
She is warm.
She is washing her hands.
She is washing the car.
She is wasting her time.
She is wasting time.
She is watching a basketball game on TV.
She is watching the news on television.
She is watching.
She is watering her flowers.
She is watering the flowers.
She is watering the garden.
She is weak by nature.
She is weak.
She is weakest at science.
She is wearing a Kabyle dress.
She is wearing a beautiful hand embroidered kimono.
She is wearing a blue dress.
She is wearing a brooch.
She is wearing a dress.
She is wearing a gold necklace around her neck.
She is wearing a green robe.
She is wearing a hat.
She is wearing a leather belt around her waist.
She is wearing a light blue jacket.
She is wearing a light blue outfit.
She is wearing a long face.
She is wearing a nice dress now.
She is wearing a nice watch.
She is wearing a pair of white, silk socks.
She is wearing a valuable ring.
She is wearing a white dress today.
She is wearing a white tank top.
She is wearing a woolen sweater.
She is wearing a yellow summer dress.
She is wearing accessories.
She is wearing an expensive necklace.
She is wearing dancing shoes.
She is wearing gorgeous silk clothes.
She is wearing her green swimsuit with the hole around the navel.
She is wearing her pyjamas.
She is wearing hiking boots.
She is wearing stockings right now.
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.
She is weaving a carpet.
She is weeping for Tom.
She is welding.
She is well able to read.
She is well brought up.
She is well in Germany.
She is well known both in Japan and in America.
She is well known both in Japan and in the United States.
She is well known in both India and China.
She is well liked by her students.
She is well off now.
She is well paid.
She is well spoken of among her own sex.
She is well spoken of by everybody.
She is well versed in Spanish literature.
She is well-liked by all.
She is well-liked by everyone.
She is well.
She is what is called a baseball widow.
She is what is called a genius.
She is what is called a learned fool.
She is what is called a woman of culture.
She is what one would call a cultured woman.
She is what we call a bookworm.
She is what we call a talented woman.
She is white.
She is widely known.
She is widowed.
She is willing to do anything for me.
She is willing to do odd jobs.
She is willing to stand up for her beliefs.
She is wise and you are no less so.
She is wise beyond her years.
She is wiser than I am.
She is wiser than anyone else here.
She is with Peter.
She is with her mother, isn't she?
She is with her parents.
She is with her.
She is with him.
She is with me.
She is with you.
She is working as a volunteer interpreter at the international conference.
She is working at school.
She is working hard this semester.
She is working in our office now.
She is working night and day.
She is working on the problem.
She is working.
She is worried about her health.
She is worried about his health.
She is worried about his safety.
She is worried for her future.
She is worthless.
She is writing a book about her father.
She is writing a book.
She is writing a letter now.
She is writing a letter to her friend.
She is writing a letter.
She is writing a new book this year.
She is writing an article for the school newspaper.
She is writing.
She is wrong if she thinks that she impressed me.
She is wrong in nine cases out of ten.
She is wrong.
She is yelling at her computer.
She is yet to know the truth.
She is young and foolish.
She is young and immature.
She is young and still immature.
She is young, and her reputation is unsmirched.
She is young, beautiful, and has brown eyes.
She is young.
She is younger than me.
She is your queen.
She is, as it were, a walking speaker.
She is, if anything, a little better today than yesterday.
She is, if anything, a little better today.
She is, in a word, a dreamer.
She is, in brief, a chatterbox.
She is, indeed, a lovely girl.
She is, really, very ill.
She is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
She is, without a doubt, the best for the position.
She isn't American.
She isn't Anna?
She isn't Jewish.
She isn't a Canadian, is she?
She isn't a bus driver, is she?
She isn't a cat person, is she?
She isn't a club member.
She isn't a criminal, is she?
She isn't a diligent student.
She isn't a director.
She isn't a doctor; she's a doctor's wife.
She isn't a friend of his.
She isn't a good cook, is she?
She isn't a good cook.
She isn't a happy camper, is she?
She isn't a happy person, is she?
She isn't a heroine.
She isn't a member of the club.
She isn't a member, is she?
She isn't a quitter.
She isn't a student, is she?
She isn't a suspect anymore, is she?
She isn't a taxi driver, is she?
She isn't a teacher anymore, is she?
She isn't a teacher, she is a student.
She isn't a team player, is she?
She isn't a very good dancer, is she?
She isn't a very good driver, is she?
She isn't a very good liar, is she?
She isn't able to feed herself.
She isn't able to swim, is she?
She isn't adequate to the task.
She isn't afraid of anything, is she?
She isn't afraid of death.
She isn't afraid of heights, is she?
She isn't afraid of him.
She isn't afraid of me, is she?
She isn't afraid of snakes.
She isn't afraid to speak her mind.
She isn't afraid, is she?
She isn't alive.
She isn't all that poor, is she?
She isn't all that rich, is she?
She isn't all that tall, is she?
She isn't allowed to do that, is she?
She isn't allowed to go out by herself.
She isn't allowed to watch scary movies at night.
She isn't alone anymore.
She isn't alone in the house.
She isn't alone.
She isn't always busy, is she?
She isn't an acrobat.
She isn't angry.
She isn't answering her phone.
She isn't anything like her brother.
She isn't anything like her father.
She isn't anything like him.
She isn't armed.
She isn't as active as her brother.
She isn't as bad as she looks.
She isn't as beautiful as her sister.
She isn't as bossy as she used to be.
She isn't as busy as she seems to be.
She isn't as busy as she used to be.
She isn't as crazy as she used to be.
She isn't as cute as she used to be.
She isn't as energetic as she once was.
She isn't as fast as she once was.
She isn't as fast as she used to be.
She isn't as fat as I am, is she?
She isn't as fat as she used to be.
She isn't as fun as she used to be.
She isn't as funny as she used to be.
She isn't as fussy as she used to be.
She isn't as good as she thinks.
She isn't as happy as she should be.
She isn't as heavy as she used to be.
She isn't as innocent as she seems.
She isn't as lazy as she used to be.
She isn't as lucky as she used to be.
She isn't as naive as she used to be.
She isn't as nasty as she used to be.
She isn't as neat as she used to be.
She isn't as nice as she used to be.
She isn't as nosey as she used to be.
She isn't as nosy as she used to be.
She isn't as old as she looks.
She isn't as old as she says she is.
She isn't as old as she seems.
She isn't as old as you are, is she?
She isn't as old as you think she is.
She isn't as old as you, is she?
She isn't as picky as she used to be.
She isn't as poor as she used to be.
She isn't as pudgy as she used to be.
She isn't as pushy as she used to be.
She isn't as quick as she once was.
She isn't as rich as she says she is.
She isn't as rich as she used to be.
She isn't as rude as she used to be.
She isn't as scary as she used to be.
She isn't as shy as she used to be.
She isn't as slow as she used to be.
She isn't as smart as she looks.
She isn't as spry as she used to be.
She isn't as stupid as she looks.
She isn't as stupid as she seems.
She isn't as sure of herself as she used to be.
She isn't as tall as her brother.
She isn't as thin as she used to be.
She isn't as tidy as she used to be.
She isn't as timid as she used to be.
She isn't as tough as she looks.
She isn't as tough as she seems.
She isn't as tough as she used to be.
She isn't as ugly as she used to be.
She isn't as weak as she used to be.
She isn't as weird as she used to be.
She isn't as witty as she used to be.
She isn't as young as she looks.
She isn't as young as she says she is.
She isn't ashamed of what she did.
She isn't at all like her brother.
She isn't at her desk right now.
She isn't at home now.
She isn't at the necessary level.
She isn't babbling, is she?
She isn't being very helpful, is she?
She isn't being very nice, is she?
She isn't big, but she's strong.
She isn't busy, is she?
She isn't buying it and neither is he.
She isn't celebrating, is she?
She isn't coming back, is she?
She isn't coming, according to him.
She isn't coming, is she?
She isn't concentrating, is she?
She isn't contributing, is she?
She isn't crazy.
She isn't cruel.
She isn't crying, is she?
She isn't crying.
She isn't cut out for teaching.
She isn't dating him.
She isn't dead, is she?
She isn't dead.
She isn't dependent on her parents.
She isn't disturbing you, is she?
She isn't doing anything, is she?
She isn't doing her best.
She isn't doing her homework. She's reading a book.
She isn't doing that again, is she?
She isn't doing the best she can.
She isn't doing this anymore.
She isn't dying.
She isn't eating the apple.
She isn't eating.
She isn't enjoying herself.
She isn't even Algerian.
She isn't even dressed for sex.
She isn't even known.
She isn't famous, is she?
She isn't fast enough, is she?
She isn't fighting, is she?
She isn't fit for the job.
She isn't for me. We belong to different worlds.
She isn't friends with him.
She isn't from around here, is she?
She isn't getting any more money.
She isn't going anywhere.
She isn't going to argue with him.
She isn't going to be alone anymore.
She isn't going to buy any bread.
She isn't going to buy that for him.
She isn't going to call him.
She isn't going to catch him.
She isn't going to do that by herself.
She isn't going to do that for him.
She isn't going to do that, is she?
She isn't going to find him.
She isn't going to fire him.
She isn't going to go there by herself.
She isn't going to have to do that by herself.
She isn't going to have to do that herself.
She isn't going to help him.
She isn't going to help, is she?
She isn't going to let that stop her.
She isn't going to like this Kabyle dress.
She isn't going to lose, is she?
She isn't going to make it, is she?
She isn't going to sell her house.
She isn't going to stop him.
She isn't going to take the children to school.
She isn't going to wait for him.
She isn't going with you, is she?
She isn't going.
She isn't good at math.
She isn't good enough for him.
She isn't good enough, is she?
She isn't great at giving handjobs, but she sure knows how to use her tongue.
She isn't happy about it, is she?
She isn't happy about this, is she?
She isn't happy to be here, is she?
She isn't happy with the way she looks.
She isn't happy with this, is she?
She isn't happy, is she?
She isn't happy. She is sad.
She isn't having dinner.
She isn't helping him.
She isn't here now, is she?
She isn't here now.
She isn't here. She went home.
She isn't here. She's gone to the doctor's.
She isn't here; she's at the doctor's.
She isn't herself today.
She isn't herself.
She isn't his boss.
She isn't his daughter, but his niece.
She isn't his sister. She's his cousin.
She isn't his type.
She isn't home right now, is she?
She isn't home. She's at work.
She isn't hungry.
She isn't hurt.
She isn't in her bedroom, is she?
She isn't in her bedroom.
She isn't in her office right now.
She isn't in her office.
She isn't in her room.
She isn't in her tent.
She isn't in, is she?
She isn't interested in boys at all.
She isn't interested in him.
She isn't interested in the relationship anymore.
She isn't interested, is she?
She isn't joking.
She isn't just a girl but a girl whom everybody dreams about.
She isn't kind to him.
She isn't kind to him. In fact, she's not kind to anyone.
She isn't kissing him.
She isn't leaving, is she?
She isn't like her brother, is she?
She isn't like him.
She isn't like people say she is.
She isn't like the others, is she?
She isn't likely to come.
She isn't likely to cry, is she?
She isn't likely to do that by herself.
She isn't likely to do that, is she?
She isn't likely to find him.
She isn't likely to go to Boston with him.
She isn't likely to want to help him.
She isn't likely to win, is she?
She isn't listening to him.
She isn't lonely anymore.
She isn't lonely now.
She isn't looking at anything.
She isn't looking at him.
She isn't lying.
She isn't mad at him.
She isn't making this up.
She isn't married.
She isn't much like her brother.
She isn't much of a poet.
She isn't much of a talker, and never makes long speeches.
She isn't much older than me, is she?
She isn't my full sister.
She isn't my sister, she's my wife.
She isn't my sister. She's my wife.
She isn't my type at all.
She isn't my wife.
She isn't my wife. She is my sister.
She isn't naive.
She isn't naked.
She isn't new.
She isn't often wrong, is she?
She isn't old enough to do that by herself.
She isn't old enough to get a driver's license.
She isn't old enough to get a driving licence.
She isn't old enough to get a driving license.
She isn't old enough to go there by herself.
She isn't old enough, is she?
She isn't paid monthly, but daily.
She isn't perfect, but neither am I.
She isn't perfect.
She isn't picky about what she eats.
She isn't picky.
She isn't planning to do that by herself.
She isn't poor.
She isn't pregnant.
She isn't pulling her weight.
She isn't quite herself lately.
She isn't quite herself today.
She isn't quite right.
She isn't ready.
She isn't really enjoying herself.
She isn't really in love with him.
She isn't really listening to him.
She isn't really that old, is she?
She isn't religious, is she?
She isn't responsible for this.
She isn't responsible for what Tom has done.
She isn't right.
She isn't running.
She isn't sad.
She isn't seeing him.
She isn't serious about her studies.
She isn't serious, is she?
She isn't serious.
She isn't smart.
She isn't so against the idea.
She isn't so bright, is she?
She isn't so conservative, is she?
She isn't so dependable, is she?
She isn't so green as to say so.
She isn't so kind, is she?
She isn't so old that she can't work.
She isn't so old, is she?
She isn't so successful, is she?
She isn't so sure, is she?
She isn't so tall, is she?
She isn't speaking for everyone.
She isn't staying with you, is she?
She isn't still asleep, is she?
She isn't still at work, is she?
She isn't still doing that, is she?
She isn't still hungry, is she?
She isn't still married to him.
She isn't still sleeping, is she?
She isn't supposed to do that by herself.
She isn't supposed to eat, is she?
She isn't supposed to even talk to him.
She isn't sure how much she drank.
She isn't sure how she got here.
She isn't sure if she's right.
She isn't sure she can do that again.
She isn't sure she can do that.
She isn't sure she can help him.
She isn't sure she can win.
She isn't sure she has to do that.
She isn't sure she needs to do that.
She isn't sure she ought to do that.
She isn't sure she should do that.
She isn't sure she wants to do that.
She isn't sure she wants to do this.
She isn't sure she's ready.
She isn't sure what else she can do.
She isn't sure what she did wrong.
She isn't sure what she should do.
She isn't sure what she'll do.
She isn't sure what to do with him.
She isn't sure what to do, is she?
She isn't sure what to expect from him.
She isn't sure where she parked her car.
She isn't sure why she's here.
She isn't surprised at all.
She isn't tall for her age.
She isn't the best informed to talk about it.
She isn't the one, is she?
She isn't the only hottie on the face of the earth.
She isn't the only one around here who likes him.
She isn't there again; that happens often.
She isn't there, is she?
She isn't there.
She isn't thick, but thin.
She isn't tired.
She isn't to be trusted, is she?
She isn't to my taste.
She isn't too old for him.
She isn't too young, is she?
She isn't trying to impress him.
She isn't ugly.
She isn't upset with him.
She isn't used to her new job.
She isn't used to sitting up late at night.
She isn't very bright, is she?
She isn't very busy, is she?
She isn't very courageous, is she?
She isn't very diplomatic, is she?
She isn't very efficient, is she?
She isn't very enthusiastic, is she?
She isn't very funny, is she?
She isn't very good at her job.
She isn't very good at what she does.
She isn't very happy, is she?
She isn't very horny.
She isn't very hungry, is she?
She isn't very imaginative, is she?
She isn't very likable, is she?
She isn't very nice to him.
She isn't very obedient, is she?
She isn't very organized, is she?
She isn't very organized.
She isn't very polite, is she?
She isn't very reliable, is she?
She isn't very resourceful, is she?
She isn't very smart, is she?
She isn't very sociable, is she?
She isn't very spontaneous, is she?
She isn't very strong, is she?
She isn't very talented, is she?
She isn't very tall, is she?
She isn't very trustworthy, is she?
She isn't waiting for him.
She isn't wearing any makeup.
She isn't wearing her glasses today.
She isn't wearing her glasses.
She isn't wearing her hat.
She isn't wearing her lab coat.
She isn't wearing her new coat.
She isn't wearing her seat belt.
She isn't wearing her uniform.
She isn't wearing that Kabyle dress.
She isn't what she appears to be.
She isn't what she seems.
She isn't what she used to be.
She isn't what she was.
She isn't what you think.
She isn't where I told her to wait.
She isn't where she should be.
She isn't where she wants to be.
She isn't who she says she is, is she?
She isn't who you think she is.
She isn't willing to go by herself.
She isn't with him.
She isn't working for free.
She isn't working for him.
She isn't working with him.
She isn't worried about her grades.
She isn't worried about him.
She isn't worried about running out of water.
She isn't wrong.
She isn't yet able to swim, is she?
She isn't yet as tall as her mother.
She isn't young anymore. She's at least 30 years old.
She isn't young.
She isn’t a good cook.
She isn’t adequate to the task.
She isn’t afraid of death.
She isn’t afraid of snakes.
She isn’t alone anymore.
She isn’t as energetic as she once was.
She isn’t at home now.
She isn’t cut out for teaching.
She isn’t good enough for him.
She isn’t kind to him.
She isn’t kind to him. In fact, she’s not kind to anyone.
She isn’t lonely anymore.
She isn’t lonely now.
She isn’t married.
She isn’t much of a poet.
She isn’t picky.
She isn’t poor.
She isn’t running.
She isn’t so against the idea.
She isn’t so green as to say so.
She isn’t to my taste.
She isn’t used to sitting up late at night.
She isn’t young anymore. She’s at least 30 years old.
She jealously guarded her husband and didn't let him talk to anybody.
She jerked the door open.
She jilted her fiance for another man.
She jogs every morning before breakfast.
She joined a group.
She joined an order at the age of nineteen.
She joined her school's drama club.
She joined me in a wink of an eye.
She joined school in the fourth grade.
She joined the Red Cross.
She joined the army.
She joined the infantry.
She joined the navy after finishing college.
She joined the search party.
She joined us.
She jolted her head back in surprise.
She jotted down a message to him.
She jumped about in excitement.
She jumped back.
She jumped for joy the moment she heard the news.
She jumped for joy.
She jumped from the bleachers.
She jumped in a cab and went home.
She jumped in her car and drove off.
She jumped in her car and took off.
She jumped into her car.
She jumped into his arms.
She jumped off.
She jumped on her horse.
She jumped on the scooter.
She jumped on the train.
She jumped on top of me and took my cock in her hand.
She jumped out of bed.
She jumped out of her car.
She jumped out of her seat.
She jumped out of the bushes and scared him.
She jumped out of the car and ran away.
She jumped out of the frying pan into the fire.
She jumped out of the window.
She jumped the fence.
She jumped to her feet.
She jumped up and hugged him.
She jumped up from her chair.
She just admitted she made a mistake.
She just ate sushi and drank beer.
She just blew it off.
She just bought two entertainment magazines.
She just called me a loser!
She just called to make sure that you were safe.
She just came back from the restroom.
She just came home today.
She just came in.
She just came out of her coma.
She just can't get along with him.
She just can't have the nerve to lift it up now!
She just can't help herself.
She just can't make up her mind.
She just can't seem to get along with him.
She just can't stand him.
She just can't stop looking at him.
She just can’t have the nerve to lift it up now!
She just changed her mind again.
She just changed her mind.
She just cleaned her room.
She just couldn't do it.
She just couldn't help herself.
She just couldn't stop herself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
She just cried.
She just did what she had to do.
She just did what she was told to do.
She just didn't have any luck.
She just didn't want to tell him.
She just does what she can.
She just does what she has to do.
She just does what she needs to do.
She just does what she wants to do.
She just does what she's asked to do.
She just does what she's told to do.
She just doesn't listen.
She just doesn't understand you.
She just dumped him.
She just feels well when she makes poems.
She just finished cleaning her room.
She just finished her coffee.
She just gave birth.
She just got her braces off.
She just got her driver's license.
She just got her ears pierced.
She just got her learner's permit.
She just got home.
She just got lucky.
She just got off the phone with him.
She just had to take the bus to get there.
She just had to use her Puss-In-Boots look and I was her devoted servant.
She just hides her light under a bushel.
She just ignored him.
She just ignored me.
She just kept her distance from him.
She just kept reading her book and ignored him.
She just kissed him.
She just laughed it off.
She just laughed the matter off.
She just launched a new app.
She just leaned against me.
She just left.
She just lost her job.
She just missed her bus.
She just missed the last train of the night.
She just missed the train.
She just moved back to Kabylie from Algiers.
She just needs a few minutes.
She just needs time to cool off. I'll give it a day.
She just needs to do her job.
She just nodded.
She just played along.
She just played with him.
She just plays with me like a cat with a mouse.
She just protected the family from the father.
She just pulled your leg. It's a joke.
She just relies on me.
She just said good-bye and hung up the phone.
She just said goodbye and hung up the phone.
She just said that to be nice.
She just sat down to lunch.
She just sat there looking at him.
She just sat there, looking at him.
She just sat there, staring at him.
She just saw Tom.
She just saw him.
She just says what she thinks.
She just shook her head and laughed.
She just sits there for hours at a time doing nothing.
She just smiled.
She just stared at him.
She just started dating someone.
She just stood there for some reason.
She just stood there looking at him.
She just stood there.
She just stopped.
She just texted me.
She just told me she loved me.
She just told me she wasn't at home.
She just told me that.
She just told me what she did.
She just told me.
She just told the truth.
She just told us that she got fired.
She just vanished with him.
She just wanders around.
She just wanted it to be over.
She just wanted to get rid of me.
She just wanted to have fun.
She just wanted to hug Mom.
She just wanted to talk to him.
She just wants attention.
She just wants love and attention.
She just wants nicer things in life.
She just wants to be left alone.
She just wants to be with him.
She just wants to come home.
She just wants to get into your pants.
She just wants to have fun.
She just wants to meet you.
She just wants to spend a little more time with him.
She just wasn't lucky.
She just waved her hand.
She just went looking for her cat.
She just went to the administration to get a check.
She just went.
She just wishes I would stick to my promise.
She just wore a Kabyle dress.
She just worked 10 hours.
She just wouldn't accept defeat.
She just wouldn't stop teasing him.
She just wrote a book.
She keeps a cat. That cat is white.
She keeps a diary in English.
She keeps a diary.
She keeps a handkerchief in her hand all the time.
She keeps a human skull on her desk.
She keeps a lover in another town.
She keeps a lover in the palace.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
She keeps a record of everything she buys.
She keeps an aardvark as a pet.
She keeps asking how anyone could ever come up with such brain-dead policies.
She keeps company with a foreign student.
She keeps complaining that she doesn't have time.
She keeps complaining that she has no time.
She keeps crying.
She keeps escaping problems.
She keeps every letter her mother sends her.
She keeps falling in and out of love.
She keeps getting in trouble with people.
She keeps harping on about how successful she is.
She keeps her age a secret.
She keeps her bedroom door locked.
She keeps her boat at the pier.
She keeps her car clean.
She keeps her diary in English.
She keeps her doors locked at night.
She keeps her guitar in her closet.
She keeps her gun in a safe.
She keeps her hair in curls.
She keeps her hair long.
She keeps her room tidy.
She keeps her tea in the middle cupboard.
She keeps her uniform clean.
She keeps her youth very well.
She keeps him at arm's length these days.
She keeps him at arm’s length these days.
She keeps his room clean.
She keeps hope alive.
She keeps laughing, unable to control herself.
She keeps looking at him.
She keeps losing her umbrella.
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
She keeps on asking me for money.
She keeps on crying.
She keeps on making the same mistakes.
She keeps on rolling her eyes towards our direction.
She keeps repeating a single word over and over.
She keeps repeating the same word over and over.
She keeps saying she's innocent.
She keeps secrets.
She keeps the children at her home.
She keeps things to herself.
She keeps to herself.
She keeps up to date with the situation.
She kept Skura company.
She kept Skura informed about her whereabouts.
She kept Skura informed.
She kept Skura posted.
She kept Skura waiting.
She kept a book in her hands.
She kept a diary.
She kept a lot of cash in her house.
She kept a rabbit.
She kept a tight rein on the purse strings.
She kept all his letters.
She kept all medicine away from children.
She kept an all-night vigil over her sick child.
She kept apologizing to Mom.
She kept asking questions.
She kept blabbering about how her boyfriend is kind, compassionate, brave, and whatnot.
She kept body and soul together in such days.
She kept checking her watch.
She kept climbing.
She kept conversation on a formal plane.
She kept crawling.
She kept crying all night long.
She kept crying all night.
She kept crying all the time.
She kept dancing at the disco all night.
She kept doggedly submitting sentences.
She kept eating.
She kept fighting.
She kept filming.
She kept following that lady all the way to the other side of the mall.
She kept from talking during the meeting.
She kept gaining self-assurance.
She kept getting better.
She kept getting older.
She kept going.
She kept guard the entire time.
She kept her coat in the closet.
She kept her composure.
She kept her cool.
She kept her distance.
She kept her end of the bargain.
She kept her eyes closed.
She kept her eyes off.
She kept her eyes on him.
She kept her eyes open.
She kept her eyes shut.
She kept her gun trained on him.
She kept her head above water.
She kept her illness a secret.
She kept her mouth shut.
She kept her opinion to herself.
She kept her promise to him.
She kept her promise.
She kept her rifle aimed straight at him.
She kept her scarf on.
She kept her sorrow in her bosom.
She kept her suspicions to herself.
She kept her true identity secret.
She kept her valuables in the bank for safety.
She kept her word.
She kept herself busy.
She kept him to his word.
She kept him waiting for a long time.
She kept him waiting half an hour.
She kept hurtful weeds from growing beneath her trees and sapping the earth-food required by her charges.
She kept in touch with him.
She kept in touch with the imam.
She kept insisting.
She kept it hidden from me.
She kept it to herself.
She kept looking at him longingly.
She kept looking at him.
She kept looking at you. Didn't you notice?
She kept looking back at him.
She kept looking back.
She kept many secrets from him.
She kept me waiting an hour.
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
She kept me waiting for a long time.
She kept me waiting for an hour.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
She kept me waiting for over an hour.
She kept me waiting thirty minutes.
She kept moving.
She kept on asking me questions the whole time.
She kept on crying.
She kept on dancing all through the party.
She kept on flirting with him.
She kept on lying there.
She kept on talking after I asked her to stop.
She kept on talking while eating.
She kept on talking.
She kept on working.
She kept on writing stories about animals.
She kept painting.
She kept playing.
She kept pushing.
She kept questionable company.
She kept quiet.
She kept quiet; she did not want problems.
She kept repeating that for a while.
She kept running.
She kept saying the same things.
She kept silent about the problem.
She kept silent all day.
She kept smiling all the time.
She kept smiling.
She kept staring at him.
She kept still.
She kept talking about him.
She kept talking and talking.
She kept talking.
She kept telling me everyday the only legend she knew.
She kept that information to herself.
She kept that secret from nearly everyone.
She kept the apartment in order.
She kept the change.
She kept the dining room warm in the winter.
She kept the dining room warm in winter.
She kept the ewe.
She kept the house.
She kept the letter.
She kept the money.
She kept the secret in her bosom.
She kept the secret to herself.
She kept the suspicions to herself.
She kept the truth from him.
She kept them quiet.
She kept twitching.
She kept various kinds of pets.
She kept waiting anxiously.
She kept walking about the room.
She kept walking about the room. She seemed too uneasy to sit still.
She kept walking.
She kept watching TV.
She kept whistling.
She kept working even though she was tired.
She kept working.
She keyed my car all over.
She kicked Silya.
She kicked a ball.
She kicked her boyfriend out of the house.
She kicked her daughter out of the house.
She kicked her horse into a gallop.
She kicked her son out of the house.
She kicked him hard.
She kicked him in the balls.
She kicked him in the nuts.
She kicked him out of the house.
She kicked him.
She kicked me in the balls.
She kicked me out of her office.
She kicked me out of the house.
She kicked me out.
She kicked off her shoes and hopped into bed.
She kicked off her shoes.
She kicked off her sneakers.
She kicked the ball to him.
She kicked the ball with great force.
She kicked the door shut behind her.
She kicked the door.
She kicked the snow off her boots.
She kicked the stool out from under him.
She kidnapped him.
She kidnapped my boyfriend.
She killed a hamster thinking that it was a mouse.
She killed about two hours watching TV.
She killed an hour looking around the stores.
She killed an innocent man.
She killed both of them.
She killed her dog.
She killed her drink.
She killed her mother.
She killed her own father.
She killed her son because he wanted to convert to Islam.
She killed herself after killing him.
She killed herself at the age of thirty.
She killed herself by taking poison.
She killed herself in 2013.
She killed herself in Australia.
She killed herself in Boston.
She killed herself in October.
She killed herself last October.
She killed herself last night.
She killed herself last summer.
She killed herself last year.
She killed herself on her birthday.
She killed herself on her thirtieth birthday.
She killed herself three months ago.
She killed herself three nights ago.
She killed herself three years ago.
She killed herself yesterday.
She killed herself.
She killed him and then killed herself.
She killed him by choking his.
She killed him for his money.
She killed him in his sleep.
She killed him with a knife.
She killed him.
She killed his dog.
She killed one of her hostages.
She killed seven policewomen.
She killed the soldier.
She killed the spider.
She killed the tiger, didn't she?
She killed the wolf.
She killed them both.
She killed time going around the shops.
She killed time reading a magazine while she waited.
She kindly gave me a ride home.
She kindly helped me with my homework.
She kindly listened to my request.
She kindly showed me around the city.
She kindly showed me the way.
She kissed Dad.
She kissed away the boy's tears.
She kissed away the boy’s tears.
She kissed her baby.
She kissed her cat.
She kissed her children goodnight.
She kissed her cousin.
She kissed her farewell.
She kissed her father on the cheek.
She kissed her kids goodbye.
She kissed her little daughter on the forehead, blessed her, and shortly after died.
She kissed her mother good night.
She kissed her parents before leaving.
She kissed him again and longed that he might live.
She kissed him again.
She kissed him and slapped him across the face.
She kissed him because she liked him.
She kissed him deeply.
She kissed him gently on the cheek.
She kissed him in front of everyone.
She kissed him on both cheeks.
She kissed him on his cheek.
She kissed him on his forehead.
She kissed him on the cheek.
She kissed him on the forehead.
She kissed him on the tip of his nose.
She kissed him to the point that she couldn't stop.
She kissed him without shame, on the mouth.
She kissed him.
She kissed his cheek.
She kissed his hand.
She kissed me all of a sudden.
She kissed me and left.
She kissed me and the whole world just faded.
She kissed me before she left.
She kissed me full on the lips.
She kissed me like anything.
She kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight.
She kissed me on the cheek.
She kissed me passionately.
She kissed me without saying a word.
She kissed me, not him.
She kissed me.
She kissed my cheek.
She kissed the baby.
She kissed the crow, and hugged him almost to death with joy.
She kissed the teacher's ass.
She kissed the top of his head.
She kissed us on the cheek and wished us a good night.
She kissed you, didn't she?
She kisses her child a hundred times a day.
She kisses her husband.
She kisses his cheek.
She kneads the dough.
She kneed me again, not even caring that she was hurt.
She kneeled at once to greet the queen.
She knelt beside him and asked him what his name was.
She knelt beside him.
She knelt down as she came into the church.
She knelt down beside him and asked him his name.
She knelt down to pray beside the bed.
She knew Nuja.
She knew Skura was a ballet dancer.
She knew a lot of songs, too.
She knew almost all the top government officials.
She knew better than to argue with him.
She knew better than to ask such a stupid question.
She knew better than to believe him.
She knew better than to say such a thing to him.
She knew better than to smoke a cigarette in his presence.
She knew better than to tell him such a story.
She knew everything about him.
She knew exactly how to get what she wanted.
She knew exactly what she had to do.
She knew exactly what she was doing.
She knew he couldn't do that by himself.
She knew he couldn't do that on his own.
She knew he didn't do that by himself.
She knew he was a born manipulator.
She knew he was sad, but she couldn't pinpoint the reason why.
She knew he wouldn't let her kiss him.
She knew he wouldn't want to go there by himself.
She knew her father didn’t approve of him.
She knew her hard work would eventually lead to a service award.
She knew her plan wasn't very good.
She knew her reaction had been stupid.
She knew herself that it would be very difficult to carry out the mission.
She knew him at once.
She knew him better than did all the others.
She knew his secret.
She knew if she started to cry her mascara would run.
She knew if she started to cry that her mascara would run.
She knew it by a sixth sense.
She knew it from the start.
She knew it was a tough situation.
She knew it was foolish to go out by herself after dark.
She knew it was her duty to do that.
She knew it was wrong.
She knew it.
She knew little of Ravenswood, or the disputes which had existed betwixt her father and his.
She knew many vocabulary words, but for some reason she was not able to speak English like a native English speaker.
She knew me.
She knew more than she told us.
She knew neither his address nor his phone number.
She knew no one in the village.
She knew no one.
She knew nothing about him.
She knew perfectly well what he was doing.
She knew perfectly well what she was doing.
She knew right where she was going.
She knew she could count on him.
She knew she couldn't be replaced.
She knew she couldn't do that.
She knew she couldn't fire him.
She knew she couldn't save him.
She knew she couldn't stay.
She knew she couldn't win.
She knew she didn't have to do that.
She knew she didn't need to do that.
She knew she had a job to do.
She knew she had a problem.
She knew she had no choice.
She knew she had no time to spare.
She knew she had nothing to lose.
She knew she had to apologize.
She knew she had to do something.
She knew she had to do that.
She knew she had to escape.
She knew she had to help him.
She knew she had to leave.
She knew she had to teach them about survival.
She knew she needed help.
She knew she needed to do that.
She knew she needed to help him.
She knew she needed to leave town.
She knew she no longer needed to help him.
She knew she ought to move.
She knew she should do that.
She knew she should help him.
She knew she should study French.
She knew she shouldn't do that.
She knew she was about to die.
She knew she was being followed.
She knew she was being insulted.
She knew she was being lied to.
She knew she was being photographed.
She knew she was being watched.
She knew she was going north.
She knew she was going to be OK.
She knew she was going to be fired.
She knew she was going to die.
She knew she was going to win.
She knew she was in danger.
She knew she was in deep trouble.
She knew she was in serious trouble.
She knew she was in trouble.
She knew she was likely to be late.
She knew she was no longer needed.
She knew she was right.
She knew she was supposed to do that.
She knew she was under investigation.
She knew she was wrong.
She knew she would regret this in the future.
She knew she wouldn't be arrested.
She knew she wouldn't be expelled.
She knew she wouldn't be fired.
She knew she wouldn't be punished.
She knew she wouldn't be replaced.
She knew she wouldn't win.
She knew she'd be punished.
She knew she'd done something stupid.
She knew she'd done something wrong.
She knew she'd feel bad about herself for the rest of her life.
She knew she'd have to do that.
She knew she'd have to wait.
She knew she'd hurt him.
She knew she'd just made a mistake.
She knew she'd said too much.
She knew she'd win.
She knew so much about space.
She knew something had happened to him.
She knew something was wrong with him.
She knew something was wrong.
She knew that I loved her.
She knew that I loved him.
She knew that I watched her.
She knew that John loved her.
She knew that Kabyle dress was mine.
She knew that Skura was lying.
She knew that Tom was watching her.
She knew that going out with her son and daughter, who have their dad's Asian features and their mom's blond hair, would invite a lot of comments.
She knew that he couldn't swim, but she asked him to go swimming with him anyway.
She knew that he wanted her to help him.
She knew that he was checking her out.
She knew that he was come of noble stem and was poor, though descended from the noble and the wealthy.
She knew that he wasn't likely to be ready when she got to his house.
She knew that he'd done his best.
She knew that her work was making a difference in people's lives, and she was grateful for the opportunity to do what she loved.
She knew that if she started to cry her mascara would run.
She knew that if she started to cry, her mascara would run.
She knew that it was foolish to go out by herself after dark.
She knew that it was the last night that she would breathe the same air as he, and would look upon the mighty deep, and the blue starry heavens.
She knew that she could do it.
She knew that she could do that.
She knew that she could win.
She knew that she couldn't do that.
She knew that she couldn't trust him.
She knew that she couldn't win.
She knew that she had helped her clients feel better and that was what made her job so rewarding.
She knew that she had nothing to lose.
She knew that she had to escape.
She knew that she had to hurry.
She knew that she needed to buy a gift for him.
She knew that she needed to do something to help him.
She knew that she was being followed.
She knew that she was being lied to.
She knew that she was being unfair.
She knew that she was dying.
She knew that she was heading north.
She knew that she was in trouble with him.
She knew that she was lost.
She knew that she was overweight.
She knew that she was right.
She knew that she was safe.
She knew that she would win.
She knew that she wouldn't be fired.
She knew that she'd be late.
She knew that she'd be punished.
She knew that she'd been tricked.
She knew that she'd have to do that.
She knew that she'd win.
She knew that somebody was following her.
She knew that someone was following her.
She knew that something had happened to him.
She knew that something was wrong with him.
She knew that the dog on the porch belonged to him.
She knew that this would happen.
She knew that what he had said was true.
She knew that what she did was wrong.
She knew that.
She knew the Quran.
She knew the airport.
She knew the answer all along.
She knew the number.
She knew the place where you would be later.
She knew the prince's intentions much better than any of the others.
She knew the reason for the sudden change in plans.
She knew the story already.
She knew the teen.
She knew there was something.
She knew to an inch where everything should be.
She knew too much.
She knew what happened.
She knew what he thought.
She knew what he was thinking.
She knew what it was like for married women to look after houses, husbands and children.
She knew what needed to be done.
She knew what she had to do.
She knew what she needed to do.
She knew what she ought to do.
She knew what she wanted.
She knew what she was doing was wrong, but she still did it.
She knew what she was doing.
She knew what she was getting into.
She knew what she was going to do.
She knew what she was looking for.
She knew what she was supposed to do.
She knew what she'd say to him.
She knew what was happening.
She knew where he'd parked his car.
She knew where her car was.
She knew where she was.
She knew where she'd put her keys.
She knew who was inside her house.
She knew who was trying to kill him.
She knew why he wanted to quit his job.
She knew why no one liked her.
She knew why nobody liked her.
She knew why the cat scratched him.
She knew you loved her.
She knew.
She knit him a sweater for his birthday.
She knit him a sweater.
She knits a wool sweater.
She knitted a jumper for her father.
She knitted a scarf.
She knitted her an angora jumper.
She knitted her an angora pullover.
She knitted her father a jumper.
She knitted her father a sweater.
She knitted him a jumper.
She knocked on the door.
She knocked on the door. After a moment, the knob turned and the door swung open.
She knocked, and the door was opened by a little middle-aged woman who held a hot flatiron in one hand.
She knows Berber.
She knows Boston.
She knows English, Chinese, Esperanto and Morse Code.
She knows English.
She knows French inside out.
She knows French, and even more English.
She knows I borrowed the money from him.
She knows I don't like her.
She knows I know she knows I didn't tell the truth. Since she's a woman.
She knows I know that she knows.
She knows I lied to her.
She knows I like her.
She knows I like him.
She knows I love her deeply.
She knows I spoke with you guys.
She knows I wanted to go with her.
She knows I'm older than her.
She knows I'm older than she is.
She knows Mary.
She knows Moscow well.
She knows Skura is a very good dancer.
She knows Spanish.
She knows Tom.
She knows a lot about Islam.
She knows a lot about films. She is a cinephile.
She knows a lot about him.
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.
She knows a lot about the latest trends.
She knows a lot of stuff about him.
She knows a lot.
She knows a shortcut.
She knows about stuff like that.
She knows about such things.
She knows about that sort of stuff.
She knows about that sort of thing.
She knows about things like that.
She knows about this, doesn't she?
She knows all about him.
She knows all my friends.
She knows all that.
She knows all the cities in this area.
She knows all the customers by name.
She knows all the happening places in town.
She knows almost nothing about him.
She knows better than to answer back to him.
She knows better than to argue with him.
She knows better than to disagree with him.
She knows better than to fight with him.
She knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
She knows better than to walk home by herself after dark.
She knows better.
She knows enough about that.
She knows everyone.
She knows everything about French.
She knows everything about Kabylie.
She knows everything about cooking.
She knows everything now.
She knows everything.
She knows everything. She's really clued up.
She knows exactly how I feel about him.
She knows exactly how to make him come.
She knows exactly what she has to do.
She knows exactly what she should do.
She knows exactly what she wants.
She knows exactly what she's doing.
She knows five languages, but when she wants to swear, she does so in her maternal language.
She knows five languages.
She knows guns.
She knows her business.
She knows her children need her.
She knows her husband's psychology.
She knows her husband’s psychology.
She knows her job.
She knows her limitations.
She knows her rights.
She knows her way around a boat.
She knows her way around the city.
She knows her worth and demands respect.
She knows her.
She knows herself well.
She knows him very well.
She knows him.
She knows how I feel about him.
She knows how her dog was killed.
She knows how important this is to him.
She knows how much I love her.
She knows how much you love her.
She knows how much you love him.
She knows how to ask and answer questions.
She knows how to ask questions, and how to answer them.
She knows how to bake a cake.
She knows how to bake cakes.
She knows how to behave with them.
She knows how to braid her hair.
She knows how to brush her hair.
She knows how to comb her hair.
She knows how to cook.
She knows how to count.
She knows how to defend herself.
She knows how to do magic tricks.
She knows how to do the crawl.
She knows how to handle difficult situations.
She knows how to handle herself.
She knows how to hide things from him.
She knows how to live.
She knows how to make cakes.
She knows how to make candy.
She knows how to make dresses.
She knows how to make more than a hundred types of bread.
She knows how to make sweets.
She knows how to make up.
She knows how to party.
She knows how to plait her hair.
She knows how to play many instruments, classic or traditional.
She knows how to play poker.
She knows how to play the guitar.
She knows how to recite the Quran.
She knows how to repair computers.
She knows how to ski.
She knows how to speak Berber.
She knows how to speak Spanish.
She knows how to speak Turkish.
She knows how to swim well.
She knows how to take care of herself.
She knows how to use her good looks to get what she wants out of men.
She knows how to write.
She knows it's her call.
She knows it's her obligation.
She knows it's up to her.
She knows it.
She knows loads of top brass.
She knows lots of bigwigs.
She knows many bigwigs.
She knows many folk dances.
She knows many proverbs.
She knows many things.
She knows me.
She knows more than she's letting on.
She knows more than she’s letting on.
She knows most of the capitals.
She knows much about recent fashions.
She knows my friends without exception.
She knows my name.
She knows my wife.
She knows neither me nor you.
She knows neither me, nor you.
She knows nothing about her family.
She knows nothing about him.
She knows nothing about his family.
She knows nothing about sex.
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees.
She knows nothing about their family.
She knows nothing about your family.
She knows nothing.
She knows now that he is not to be counted on.
She knows other and easier ways of getting what she desires.
She knows poverty only in the abstract.
She knows precisely what she's doing.
She knows quite a lot about him.
She knows quite a lot about the history of the United States.
She knows she can always count on him.
She knows she can count on him.
She knows she can count on us.
She knows she can do better.
She knows she can do that.
She knows she can trust him.
She knows she can trust me.
She knows she can trust us.
She knows she can trust you.
She knows she can win.
She knows she can't afford to fail.
She knows she can't be replaced.
She knows she can't win.
She knows she cheated.
She knows she did something bad.
She knows she does not have any other choices.
She knows she has a choice to make.
She knows she has a problem.
She knows she has no choice.
She knows she has to be patient.
She knows she has to be ready.
She knows she has to buy time.
She knows she has to do it.
She knows she has to do something.
She knows she has to do that soon.
She knows she has to do that today.
She knows she has to do that.
She knows she has to keep working.
She knows she has to speak French.
She knows she has to study French.
She knows she is wrong, it's just that she doesn't want to admit it.
She knows she isn't welcome here.
She knows she made a mistake.
She knows she made the right choice.
She knows she messed up.
She knows she needs help.
She knows she needs to do that soon.
She knows she needs to do that today.
She knows she needs to do that.
She knows she needs to study French.
She knows she ought to do that soon.
She knows she ought to do that today.
She knows she ought to do that.
She knows she should be studying.
She knows she should do that by herself.
She knows she should do that soon.
She knows she should do that today.
She knows she should do that.
She knows she should never judge a book by its cover.
She knows she should study French.
She knows she shouldn't be here.
She knows she shouldn't do that here.
She knows she shouldn't do that.
She knows she was wrong.
She knows she won't get in trouble.
She knows she'll be punished.
She knows she'll pay for that.
She knows she's a terrible dancer.
She knows she's been lied to.
She knows she's being lied to.
She knows she's being watched.
She knows she's better than him.
She knows she's done something bad.
She knows she's done something wrong.
She knows she's dying.
She knows she's extremely attractive.
She knows she's going to be arrested.
She knows she's going to be fired.
She knows she's going to be given her notice.
She knows she's going to be made redundant.
She knows she's going to be punished.
She knows she's going to be sacked.
She knows she's got to do that today.
She knows she's got to keep working.
She knows she's in real trouble now.
She knows she's in trouble now.
She knows she's in trouble.
She knows she's looking fine.
She knows she's not going to win.
She knows she's partly to blame.
She knows she's really screwed up.
She knows she's right.
She knows she's running out of time.
She knows she's said too much.
She knows she's supposed to do that.
She knows she's very attractive.
She knows she's vulnerable here.
She knows she’s looking fine.
She knows speaking French fluently.
She knows ten languages.
She knows ten times as many English words as I do.
She knows ten times more English words than me.
She knows that I don't like her.
She knows that I lied to her.
She knows that I like her.
She knows that I love her.
She knows that I love him.
She knows that I'll call you.
She knows that I'm older than her.
She knows that I'm older than she is.
She knows that John loved her.
She knows that as well.
She knows that it was our duty.
She knows that it's her call.
She knows that man.
She knows that she can count on us.
She knows that she can do better.
She knows that she can do that.
She knows that she can trust me.
She knows that she can trust us.
She knows that she can trust you.
She knows that she can win.
She knows that she can't be replaced.
She knows that she can't win.
She knows that she cheated.
She knows that she has a problem.
She knows that she has no choice.
She knows that she has to be patient.
She knows that she has to be ready.
She knows that she has to buy time.
She knows that she has to do it.
She knows that she has to do that.
She knows that she hears something.
She knows that she is cute.
She knows that she made a mistake.
She knows that she messed up.
She knows that she needs help.
She knows that she needs to do that.
She knows that she ought to do that.
She knows that she should do that.
She knows that she shouldn't be here.
She knows that she shouldn't do that.
She knows that she was wrong.
She knows that she will never find somebody like him.
She knows that she'll be punished.
She knows that she's been lied to.
She knows that she's being lied to.
She knows that she's being watched.
She knows that she's dying.
She knows that she's in trouble now.
She knows that she's in trouble.
She knows that she's partly to blame.
She knows that she's right.
She knows that she's said too much.
She knows that she's vulnerable here.
She knows that that was my duty.
She knows that that's your duty.
She knows that was our duty.
She knows that we believe her.
She knows that we believe in her.
She knows that we trust her.
She knows that we trust him.
She knows that you know.
She knows that you love her.
She knows that, too.
She knows that.
She knows the Chinese characters very well.
She knows the adage.
She knows the answer.
She knows the art of making money.
She knows the city better than anyone.
She knows the entirety of my friends.
She knows the future.
She knows the main capital cities.
She knows the most important capital cities.
She knows the names of all the customers.
She knows the news better than her father.
She knows the police suspect her.
She knows the rules.
She knows the truth.
She knows the way.
She knows them.
She knows there's no way she can win.
She knows this app.
She knows this is important to him.
She knows this isn't easy.
She knows this.
She knows too much.
She knows us well.
She knows we believe her.
She knows we believe in her.
She knows we didn't do this for her.
She knows we trust her.
She knows we trust him.
She knows well how to deal with children.
She knows what awaits her.
She knows what happened to him.
She knows what is happening.
She knows what it means.
She knows what it's like to feel abandoned.
She knows what she did was a mistake.
She knows what she did was wrong.
She knows what she did wrong.
She knows what she has to buy.
She knows what she has to do.
She knows what she has to say.
She knows what she likes.
She knows what she needs to buy.
She knows what she needs to do.
She knows what she ought to do.
She knows what she should do.
She knows what she wants to hear.
She knows what she wants to say to him.
She knows what she wants to say.
She knows what she wants to see.
She knows what she wants.
She knows what she wants. That's what matters.
She knows what she's doing out there.
She knows what she's doing.
She knows what she's getting into.
She knows what she's going to do.
She knows what she's got to do.
She knows what she's looking for.
She knows what she's saying.
She knows what she's supposed to do.
She knows what she's talking about.
She knows what she's up against.
She knows what that means.
She knows what to do now.
She knows what to do, doesn't she?
She knows what you did.
She knows what you're thinking.
She knows what's going on.
She knows where I am.
She knows where I live.
She knows where he is.
She knows where she belongs.
She knows where she can find me.
She knows where she is.
She knows where she's going.
She knows where the house is.
She knows where they are.
She knows where we are.
She knows where we live.
She knows where you are.
She knows who I am.
She knows who gave that to him.
She knows who he is.
She knows who his father is.
She knows who killed her dog.
She knows who killed him.
She knows who shot him.
She knows who the father is.
She knows who they are.
She knows who we are.
She knows who you are.
She knows why he quit his job.
She knows why she's getting a chance.
She knows why.
She knows wines.
She knows you guys.
She knows you'll never forgive her.
She knows you.
She knows your mother very well.
She knows.
She knows. She always knows.
She laced her shoes.
She laced the cake with poison.
She laced up her boots.
She lacked the book.
She lacks any confidence at all.
She lacks common sense.
She lacks confidence in herself.
She lacks confidence.
She lacks courage.
She lacks courtesy.
She lacks decisiveness.
She lacks empathy.
She lacks experience, doesn't she?
She lacks motivation.
She lacks nothing.
She lacks practice.
She lacks remorse.
She laid a blanket over him.
She laid all her cards on the table.
She laid claim to the castle.
She laid down her life for her country.
She laid down the gun on the floor.
She laid hands on her own child.
She laid her baby on the bed.
She laid her cards on the table.
She laid her hand on my arm, and sank her voice to a whisper.
She laid her hand, in all simplicity and kindness, upon the skirt of his cloak, as if to detain him.
She laid her head down on the pillow.
She laid her head on my chest so she could listen to my heartbeat.
She laid her ideas before her chief.
She laid her racket on the ground.
She laid herself on the grass.
She laid the child down gently.
She laid the child down to sleep.
She laid the magazine on the table.
She laid the paper out on the table.
She laid the picture face downwards on the table.
She laid the responsibility for all her problems at his door.
She laid the table for six.
She laid the work on him.
She landed at the expected site.
She landed herself a really nice job.
She landed on her head.
She landed.
She later died from her injury.
She later died from her wounds.
She later died of her wounds.
She laughed a merry laugh.
She laughed again.
She laughed and gave me a playful shove.
She laughed and looked at him.
She laughed and shook her head.
She laughed at everything he said.
She laughed at her own joke.
She laughed at herself.
She laughed at him.
She laughed at his clever remarks.
She laughed at his every joke.
She laughed at his every word.
She laughed at his jokes, every single one.
She laughed at his playful jokes.
She laughed at his playful remarks.
She laughed at me.
She laughed at my jokes.
She laughed at the memory.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
She laughed at you.
She laughed at your expense.
She laughed happily.
She laughed harder than everyone.
She laughed heartily.
She laughed in amusement.
She laughed joyfully at his silly jokes.
She laughed maniacally.
She laughed merrily.
She laughed nervously.
She laughed sarcastically.
She laughed so hard she cried.
She laughed the way schoolgirls do, with her hand over her mouth.
She laughed till she cried.
She laughed to cover her fear.
She laughed to herself.
She laughed up her sleeve at his failure.
She laughed when I told her.
She laughed with poorly disguised disdain in her voice.
She laughed, with tears in her eyes.
She laughed.
She laughs at her own jokes.
She laughs at me.
She laughs from morning till night.
She laughs silently.
She laughs so much that her stomach aches!
She laughs so much that she can't stop laughing.
She laughs so she won't cry.
She laughs until her stomach hurts from laughing!
She launched herself into her work.
She laundered money for some drug traffickers.
She lay as if under the influence of a narcotic, so still that her breathing could scarcely be distinguished.
She lay at his feet until the morning, then she rose up before one could discern another. For he said, "Let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor." He said, "Bring the mantle that is on you, and hold it." She held it; and he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her; then he went into the city.
She lay awake all night.
She lay awake almost all night thinking about him.
She lay awake for a long time thinking about him.
She lay awake for a long time, thinking of her future.
She lay awake for hours thinking about him.
She lay down and cried.
She lay down in the bath.
She lay down in the grass and fell asleep.
She lay down on the bed.
She lay down on the floor and started reading.
She lay down until the morning.
She lay ill on the settee all day, drinking Lucozade and watching telly.
She lay in bed all the time.
She lay in his arms all night.
She lay in the hammock for hours.
She lay on a sofa with her eyes closed.
She lay on the bed with her eyes open.
She lay still with her eyes closed.
She layered ham, mushrooms, and mozzarella on the puff pastry pizza before baking it to perfection.
She layered the cake with strawberry preserves.
She layered the cake with whipped cream and berries.
She lays the table for breakfast.
She leads a life of ease in the country.
She leads a lonely life.
She leads a solitary life in a remote area of Scotland.
She leads a solitary life.
She leads a team that will study samples of regolith, or Moon soil, collected in 1972 near the Apollo 17 landing site of Taurus-Littrow Valley on the eastern rim of Mare Serenitatis.
She leads by example in the organization.
She leads him by the nose.
She leads many school clubs.
She leads me to the key.
She leads the magazine department.
She leads the organization effectively.
She leads the team meeting today.
She leads the team through changes.
She leads the team towards innovation.
She leaned against his shoulder.
She leaned back against the headboard of the bed.
She leaned back and closed her eyes.
She leaned back in her chair and stared at him.
She leaned back in her chair.
She leaned back in her swivel chair.
She leaned closer as he spoke.
She leaned closer to hear his whispers.
She leaned closer to him as they talked.
She leaned down and kissed him.
She leaned down to kiss him.
She leaned forward and kissed him.
She leaned forward and spoke to him.
She leaned forward in her chair.
She leaned forward to kiss him.
She leaned forward to look at him.
She leaned forward, offering a breathtaking view of her cleavage.
She leaned in as he spoke.
She leaned in to hear him better.
She leaned in to kiss him.
She leaned in to kiss his cheek.
She leaned into him as they laughed.
She leaned into him as they spoke.
She leaned on her cane.
She leaned on her ski poles.
She leaned on his shoulder lightly.
She leaned on his shoulder.
She leaned out of the window to watch the parade.
She leaned over and kissed him.
She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
She leaned over to kiss him.
She leaned over to talk to him.
She leaned towards him.
She leaned towards me.
She leans on her family for support.
She leant forward.
She leant out of the window to watch the parade.
She leaped for joy.
She leaped from her chair.
She leaped from her seat.
She leaped to her feet, and, catching up a timbrel, gracefully performed the movement of a dance.
She leaped to her feet.
She leaps with an irrepressible "Yippee" from the boat to the shore.
She leapt from her chair.
She leapt off her horse.
She leapt to her feet.
She learned Berber at school.
She learned Berber, Arabic, French, and Italian.
She learned English like that.
She learned English to be able to communicate with him.
She learned English with great eagerness.
She learned Finnish in school.
She learned Latin in school.
She learned a lot about Boston from him.
She learned a lot from him.
She learned a poem.
She learned about the compensatory time off policy during her orientation.
She learned from her mistakes.
She learned her children Russian.
She learned her lesson.
She learned her part very quickly.
She learned how to do that from him.
She learned it the hard way.
She learned more about Islam.
She learned nothing at school.
She learned quickly.
She learned shorthand from him.
She learned the craft of basket weaving from her grandmother.
She learned the hard way.
She learned to bicycle over the last year.
She learned to cook couscous.
She learned to dive when she was five.
She learned to fly many different kinds of planes.
She learned to play by ear.
She learned to play the guitar.
She learned to read as an adult because she wanted to be able to read to her young son.
She learned to ride a bicycle last year.
She learned to swim.
She learned to trust her instincts.
She learned traditional Algerian cuisine.
She learned yoga with one of her friends.
She learned.
She learns Berber every day.
She learns by doing.
She learns easily, but forgets quickly.
She learns fast!
She learns fast.
She learns from every experience.
She learns new instruments quickly.
She learnt English incredibly quickly.
She learnt a new technique.
She learnt about the stock market.
She learnt coding.
She learnt everything easily.
She learnt how to play the guitar.
She learnt some Berber.
She leaves behind a lot of nostalgia, but also a lot of beauty.
She leaves for New York next Sunday.
She leaves for Tokyo next month.
She leaves for school at seven.
She leaves her TV on all day.
She leaves her radio on all day.
She leaves tonight, but she still hasn't started packing up the bags.
She leaves you breathless.
She leaves.
She led a group of nuns called the Missionaries of Charity.
She led a solitary life.
She led her grandmother by the hand.
She led her horse through the canyon.
She led me from one room to another until we reached a green corridor.
She led me on.
She led the life of a princess.
She led the old man into the room.
She led the old woman to the church by the hand.
She led the way round the house to where tea was spread under the shade of a large sycamore.
She led the way.
She left Algeria in 1994.
She left Algeria with lots of ideas.
She left Algeria.
She left Algiers.
She left Boston.
She left France for America.
She left France for the United States.
She left Islam.
She left Japan, never to return home again.
She left Linda there.
She left Osaka yesterday.
She left Silya.
She left Tokyo for New York yesterday.
She left a box of fresh vegetables on his doorstep.
She left a couple of days ago.
She left a few days ago.
She left a little while ago.
She left a message for him.
She left a message on Skura's phone.
She left a message on the table for him.
She left a message.
She left a note for him.
She left a note on the table for him.
She left a note.
She left a will.
She left about an hour ago with him.
She left about three hours ago with him.
She left about three minutes after him.
She left against her boss's wishes.
She left an hour ago so she should've arrived by now.
She left an hour ago.
She left angrily.
She left as she came.
She left as soon as she could.
She left at noon.
She left because she was sick.
She left before I got home.
She left before that.
She left behind one of her glass slippers, which the Prince took up most carefully.
She left by herself.
She left earlier.
She left early because she wasn't feeling well.
She left early in the morning.
She left early.
She left everything to him.
She left five minutes after having arrived.
She left five minutes ago.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
She left for Boston.
She left for London yesterday.
She left for Osaka yesterday.
She left for Paris at the end of last month.
She left for Paris to study music.
She left for Paris.
She left for the fountain to fill her jug.
She left for the pharmacist.
She left for the police station shortly after.
She left for the water source.
She left for work.
She left her Kabyle dress in the bathroom.
She left her Muslim husband and left Islam, too.
She left her bag behind on the rack when she got off the train.
She left her bag on the train.
She left her bag.
She left her bed unmade.
She left her boyfriend to languish behind bars.
She left her car at home today.
She left her car unlocked.
She left her children alone at home.
She left her children behind.
She left her children in her aunt's care.
She left her children in her aunt’s care.
She left her children with him.
She left her children.
She left her coat downstairs.
She left her country.
She left her dog at home.
She left her dog in my room.
She left her dog outside.
She left her dog with him.
She left her entire estate to you.
She left her glasses in her car.
She left her gloves in the car.
She left her hair unadorned.
She left her hat in my room.
She left her hat in the car.
She left her hat on the table.
She left her hometown.
She left her house before dawn.
She left her house.
She left her husband to languish behind bars.
She left her jacket in her car.
She left her job to go to school.
She left her keys in the car.
She left her keys in the ignition.
She left her keys on the table.
She left her keys with me.
She left her kids at home.
She left her laptop at home.
She left her office in a hurry.
She left her passport at home.
She left her phone at home.
She left her phone in her car.
She left her purse at the office.
She left her room in haste.
She left her shoe behind at the dance.
She left her son a lot of money.
She left her son alone in the car.
She left her son alone.
She left her sunglasses in her car.
She left her sunglasses in my car.
She left her textbook in the car.
She left her ticket at home.
She left her trumpet at school.
She left her umbrella at our place.
She left her umbrella at school.
She left her umbrella behind.
She left her umbrella in my car.
She left her umbrella in the bus.
She left her umbrella in the car.
She left her umbrella in the train.
She left her umbrella on the bus.
She left her umbrella on the train.
She left her windows unlocked.
She left here in a hurry.
She left here long before you arrived.
She left here right away.
She left here with haste.
She left him a Kabyle bracelet.
She left him an urgent message.
She left him by himself.
She left him for another man.
She left him in peace.
She left him in the room by himself.
She left him when she got married.
She left him.
She left his house.
She left his room.
She left home after three days.
She left home at age thirteen.
She left home bag and baggage.
She left home early in the morning for fear that she might miss the first train.
She left home early in the morning for fear that she would miss the first train.
She left home five years ago, and has never been heard of since.
She left home just now.
She left home ten minutes ago.
She left home when she was eighteen.
She left home with everything she owned.
She left home.
She left immediately.
She left in a hurry.
She left in a taxi with him.
She left in the middle of the night and reappeared the next day.
She left in the van.
She left just a moment ago.
She left just as I arrived.
She left just before him.
She left many voice messages for him.
She left me a note.
She left me because my penis is little.
She left me for a richer guy.
She left me helpless.
She left me simply because I had a small income.
She left me standing there for two hours.
She left me the keys.
She left me to the whims of fate.
She left me waiting an hour.
She left me waiting at the terminal.
She left me waiting for an hour.
She left me with no explanation.
She left on Christmas Day.
She left on a Monday.
She left on her own.
She left out the fourth question on the examination.
She left part of her estate to him.
She left quickly.
She left sailing across the Pacific Ocean.
She left school aged 16 with no qualifications.
She left school to become a fashion model.
She left school two years ago.
She left school when she was sixteen.
She left school.
She left scratches on my back.
She left some food for him.
She left some food on her plate.
She left some money for him.
She left the baby crying.
She left the bar with him.
She left the building at about 6 p.m.
She left the cafe.
She left the city.
She left the classroom.
She left the company after 20 years.
She left the country to get work in the town.
She left the farm to go to the city.
She left the farm.
She left the final decision to him.
She left the gate open and the dog ran away.
She left the hospital an hour ago.
She left the house at about seven in the morning and took the kids to school.
She left the house early in the morning so as not to miss the first train.
She left the house to her son.
She left the house without saying goodbye.
She left the house.
She left the impression of a person open to everything.
She left the industry after 30 years.
She left the keys on the table.
She left the kitchen with the kettle boiling.
She left the kitchen.
She left the last page blank.
She left the mall.
She left the mosque.
She left the office immediately after work.
She left the old newspapers lying in a heap.
She left the party early.
She left the party with him.
She left the path to pick some flowers.
She left the planet.
She left the restaurant by herself.
She left the room and went outside.
She left the room looking downcast.
She left the room suddenly.
She left the room with her brother.
She left the room without a word.
She left the room without him noticing.
She left the room without saying a word.
She left the room without saying goodbye.
She left the room.
She left the shop.
She left the stage last year.
She left the store because she didn't have anything else that she had to buy.
She left the store because she didn’t have anything else that she had to buy.
She left the store.
She left the table after dinner.
She left the table several times to make phone calls.
She left the tent in the cabin.
She left the tin on the table.
She left the troubles of the past behind her.
She left the window open.
She left this.
She left to buy a Luxembourgish dictionary.
She left to clear her mind.
She left to distract herself.
She left to go shopping.
She left to visit Russia.
She left too soon...
She left town.
She left us at a young age.
She left us before her twentieth birthday.
She left voluntarily.
She left with her friends.
She left with him.
She left with someone else.
She left without a word.
She left without eating.
She left without even saying good-bye to her friends.
She left without me.
She left without saying a word.
She left without saying even a single word.
She left without saying goodbye.
She left without taking her bag.
She left you a message.
She left you a note.
She left.
She legally split from her husband.
She lent Rima her computer.
She lent Taninna her Kabyle dress.
She lent a book to Tom.
She lent her Kabyle dress to her best friend.
She lent her bicycle to him.
She lent her camera to him.
She lent her car to me.
She lent her sister her Kabyle dress.
She lent her sister her best Kabyle dress.
She lent her umbrella to me.
She lent me her French textbook.
She lent me her bicycle.
She lent me her car.
She lent me her computer.
She lent me her umbrella.
She lent me two books; I still haven't read any of them.
She lent them a hand with their luggage.
She lent them to me.
She lent thirty dollars to him.
She let Skura in.
She let Skura swim.
She let Tom go.
She let a room.
She let a stranger in.
She let a student leave.
She let go of the boy's hand.
She let go of the boy’s hand.
She let her dog loose in the yard.
She let her go.
She let her guard down.
She let her tears flow freely.
She let herself be charmed by his smile.
She let herself be influenced by him.
She let herself be seduced by his smile.
She let herself go.
She let herself in through the back door.
She let herself in with a key.
She let herself in with her own key.
She let herself loose.
She let him drive on his own.
She let him go fishing by himself.
She let him go.
She let him influence her.
She let him kiss her hand.
She let him kiss her.
She let him pay the bill as a matter of course.
She let it slide.
She let me borrow her bike so I wouldn't be late.
She let me borrow her bike so that I wouldn't be late.
She let me borrow her car.
She let me borrow her gloves.
She let me down. I'm really disappointed.
She let me drive her car.
She let me go.
She let me kiss her.
She let me know she could do that.
She let me know she couldn't do that.
She let me know she needs to do that.
She let me know she would do that.
She let me know she wouldn't do that.
She let me know that she'd done that.
She let me penetrate her.
She let me read the letter she'd received from him.
She let me sing with her band.
She let me sit by her.
She let me sit next to her.
She let me stay with her.
She let me stay with him.
She let me use her computer.
She let out a cry of joy. She wanted to jump at the doll wrapped in the packaging.
She let out a cry.
She let out a moan.
She let out a sigh.
She let slip that she had found out about her brother's embarrassing little secret.
She let the dog out.
She let the fire go out.
She let the house burn down.
She let the secret out.
She let them go.
She let up just when she was almost there.
She let us go.
She let us know she could do that.
She let us know she couldn't do that.
She let us know she had arrived.
She let us know she needs to do that.
She let us know she would do that.
She let us know she wouldn't do that.
She let us know that she had arrived.
She lets her children have their own way too much.
She lets her goats graze in our field.
She lets her head droop a little because her hair feels heavy over her shoulders.
She lets me go with her by plane to Shanghai.
She leveled her pistol at him.
She licked her fingers.
She licked her lips.
She licked her plate clean.
She licked her wound and declared that she was a vampire.
She licked the spoon.
She licks and sucks his cock like an experienced prostitute would.
She lied about being pregnant.
She lied about her age.
She lied about her grade.
She lied about her job experience.
She lied about her weight.
She lied about how much she weighed.
She lied about how old she was.
She lied about it.
She lied about taking the money.
She lied about what she'd been doing.
She lied about where she grew up.
She lied about where she'd been.
She lied about who she'd been with.
She lied about why she was fired.
She lied all the time.
She lied and I don't like liars.
She lied because she's hiding something.
She lied from start to finish.
She lied to Mina.
She lied to her parents.
She lied to me and so did he.
She lied to me several times, so I don't believe her.
She lied to me.
She lied to protect her family.
She lied to protect herself.
She lied to protect him.
She lied to the policeman.
She lied to you, didn't she?
She lied to you.
She lied when she said she didn't like him.
She lied when she said that she didn't like him.
She lied.
She lies all the time.
She lies here beside me.
She lies ill in bed.
She lies to everyone.
She lies to me all the time.
She lies to you all the time.
She lies!
She lies.
She lifted her arm.
She lifted her arms.
She lifted her head to call after them.
She lifted her head.
She lifted one corner of the napkin which covered her basket and let me have a quick look.
She lifted the box up.
She lifted up her head and looked at him.
She lifts her leg.
She lighted a cigarette.
She liked Charles as soon as she met him.
She liked Kabyle dresses.
She liked Silya.
She liked being with him.
She liked biking.
She liked everybody on her team.
She liked everyone on her team.
She liked everything about him.
She liked everything she heard.
She liked helping him.
She liked her job.
She liked her old car.
She liked him as soon as she met him.
She liked him from the outset.
She liked him from the start.
She liked him much better than the other two kittens.
She liked him right from the beginning.
She liked him right off.
She liked him straight away.
She liked him too little to care about his approval.
She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
She liked his car.
She liked it.
She liked me.
She liked men, if truth were told, a tiny wee bit more than women.
She liked my jokes.
She liked partying with friends and drinking.
She liked pizza.
She liked poetry and music.
She liked sentences with six words.
She liked talking about herself.
She liked teasing him.
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.
She liked that Kabyle dress.
She liked that restaurant.
She liked that.
She liked the Kabyle dress.
She liked the backing track, even though she highkey cringed at the lyrics.
She liked the ball too much, that's what killed her.
She liked the film a lot.
She liked the game.
She liked the idea.
She liked the new dress.
She liked the scarf.
She liked the video.
She liked the wine.
She liked this game.
She liked throwing her money about.
She liked to boast about the magnificent chandeliers in her house.
She liked to have her own way.
She liked to keep to herself.
She liked to party and meet boys.
She liked to pose with a cigarette between her fingers.
She liked to read about witchcraft.
She liked to take care of the children.
She liked to talk about her kids.
She liked to travel and she would often go to Kabylie, Algeria.
She liked what she saw.
She liked what she was doing.
She liked working with him.
She likens the impact of his training to a piano student progressing from the ability to play a simple tune to performing a concerto.
She likes BDSM.
She likes Bob more than Tom.
She likes Chinese bayberries.
She likes Chinese food.
She likes French more than German.
She likes Hiroshima better than any other city.
She likes Lake Mashuu.
She likes Lake Mashū.
She likes Mary.
She likes Nara all the better because she can feel at home there.
She likes Russian Pop.
She likes Russian pop music.
She likes Russian pop songs.
She likes Russian pop.
She likes Skura's Kabyle dress.
She likes a tiger.
She likes acting.
She likes adventure.
She likes all kinds of sports.
She likes all kinds of weather.
She likes all of her teachers.
She likes all of us.
She likes all the dresses he bought for her, old and new.
She likes all vegetables except cabbage.
She likes animals, you know?
She likes animals.
She likes arts.
She likes attention.
She likes bad boys.
She likes barbecuing for her family.
She likes beans.
She likes being alone.
She likes being in the limelight.
She likes being looked at by boys.
She likes birdwatching.
She likes blue dresses.
She likes blues.
She likes books also.
She likes books too.
She likes cake a whole lot.
She likes cake.
She likes cars.
She likes chemistry.
She likes chess.
She likes chocolate very much.
She likes chocolate, too.
She likes chocolate.
She likes classical composers like Mozart or Beethoven.
She likes classical composers such as Beethoven and Bach.
She likes coffee, doesn't she?
She likes coffee.
She likes composers from the classical period like Mozart and Beethoven.
She likes composers of the classical era, such as Mozart or Beethoven.
She likes cooking for her family.
She likes cooking for him.
She likes cooking, doesn't she?
She likes dancing in a disco better than skiing.
She likes dancing to Kabylie music.
She likes dogs a lot.
She likes dogs so much that even in the desert she feeds dirty dogs.
She likes doing that by herself.
She likes doing that with him.
She likes doing things her own way.
She likes drawing, doesn't she?
She likes ducks.
She likes everybody in her class.
She likes everyone in her class.
She likes everything about him.
She likes fairy tales.
She likes fishing, doesn't she?
She likes football, doesn't she?
She likes fruit, especially apricots.
She likes gambling.
She likes games.
She likes girls.
She likes going out with him.
She likes going to the library.
She likes gossiping.
She likes hanging out with him.
She likes hearing herself talk.
She likes her beer really cold.
She likes her coffee strong.
She likes her coffee without sugar.
She likes her eggs hard-boiled.
She likes her job a lot.
She likes her job.
She likes her life.
She likes her new car.
She likes her new dress.
She likes her new job a lot.
She likes her new job.
She likes her school a lot.
She likes her school.
She likes her teacher.
She likes her teachers.
She likes her.
She likes herself.
She likes him and he likes her.
She likes him very much, but she won't tell anyone because she thinks people might laugh at her.
She likes him very much.
She likes him.
She likes his Kabyle language.
She likes his car.
She likes his dog.
She likes hockey, doesn't she?
She likes horses, doesn't she?
She likes humiliating people.
She likes ice cream.
She likes it doggy style.
She likes it least of all.
She likes it when I do that.
She likes it when he gets pissed off at her.
She likes it when he gets pissed off.
She likes it when he's in a rage.
She likes it.
She likes ivy.
She likes jazz, and I do, too.
She likes jazz, and so do I.
She likes jazz.
She likes jelly donuts.
She likes keeping things to herself.
She likes linguistics very much.
She likes listening to music while she cooks.
She likes listening to music.
She likes me and I like her too.
She likes me and I like her, too.
She likes me more than she likes you.
She likes miniskirts.
She likes money.
She likes most of her teachers.
She likes music better than anything else.
She likes music very much.
She likes music, doesn't she?
She likes my jokes.
She likes neither snakes nor mathematics.
She likes new experiences.
She likes no one and no one likes her.
She likes nobody and nobody likes her.
She likes nothing but the best.
She likes oranges, doesn't she?
She likes oranges, doesn’t she?
She likes oranges, right?
She likes oranges.
She likes painting a lot.
She likes painting pictures.
She likes pasta.
She likes pizza.
She likes playing basketball.
She likes playing football.
She likes playing with the lamb.
She likes poetry and music.
She likes potato salad.
She likes puns.
She likes rain and snow.
She likes reading English literature.
She likes reading better than anything else.
She likes reading novels.
She likes reading poems.
She likes reading the most.
She likes red bayberries.
She likes reggae, doesn't she?
She likes riding her bicycle.
She likes running.
She likes salads.
She likes samosas too.
She likes school.
She likes seafood.
She likes secrets.
She likes sex.
She likes short skirts.
She likes singing.
She likes sleeping.
She likes snow.
She likes soup more than pizza.
She likes spending time with him.
She likes spending whole afternoons shopping.
She likes sports a lot.
She likes sports, doesn't she?
She likes stories.
She likes strange animals, like snakes.
She likes strawberries and her sister apples.
She likes strawberries and her sister likes apples.
She likes strawberry jam.
She likes strawberry-flavoured yoghurt.
She likes strolling around town.
She likes studying French with him.
She likes subdued colors.
She likes subdued colours.
She likes swimming in summer.
She likes taking centre stage.
She likes taking pictures.
She likes taking walks by herself.
She likes taking walks with him.
She likes talking about herself.
She likes talking about him.
She likes talking best of all.
She likes tea more than coffee.
She likes tea.
She likes teamwork.
She likes teasing him.
She likes tennis as well as basketball.
She likes that I do that.
She likes that bass.
She likes that dog.
She likes that one more.
She likes that yellow Kabyle dress.
She likes that.
She likes the beautiful pearl necklace very much.
She likes the boy looking at her.
She likes the design on the plate.
She likes the extreme cold of Alaska.
She likes the idea.
She likes the light green bra.
She likes the rain.
She likes the same things as I do.
She likes the singer.
She likes the smell of pine trees.
She likes the taste of coffee.
She likes the teacher.
She likes them.
She likes these cats a lot.
She likes these cats.
She likes this Kabyle dress.
She likes this game.
She likes tickling her son.
She likes tigers.
She likes to arrange flowers.
She likes to attract attention.
She likes to be alone.
She likes to be in the limelight.
She likes to be on her own.
She likes to burn incense while practising yoga.
She likes to chat with her friends on the phone.
She likes to chop wood.
She likes to cook for her family.
She likes to cook.
She likes to dance.
She likes to dip a cookie in coffee.
She likes to do almost everything by herself.
She likes to do everything herself.
She likes to do that by herself.
She likes to do that with him.
She likes to do things by herself.
She likes to do things her own way.
She likes to dress in an old-fashioned way.
She likes to dress out of fashion.
She likes to dress up as a nurse.
She likes to dress up as a police officer.
She likes to drink red wine, but doesn't like to drink white wine.
She likes to drink strawberry-flavored yogurt.
She likes to drink.
She likes to eat chocolate.
She likes to eat fresh raw vegetables.
She likes to eat fried rice for dinner.
She likes to eat pizza.
She likes to eat strange foods.
She likes to eat well and eat a lot, and looks as round as the sun.
She likes to get boys' attention.
She likes to go dancing with her friends.
She likes to go fishing by herself.
She likes to go for a walk in the forest.
She likes to go for solitary walks.
She likes to go for walks alone.
She likes to go for walks by herself.
She likes to go to dance with her friends.
She likes to go to the beach.
She likes to go to the library.
She likes to go to the sauna.
She likes to go walking by herself.
She likes to have a good time.
She likes to hear herself talk.
She likes to humiliate people.
She likes to hunt, doesn't she?
She likes to keep things to herself.
She likes to keep to herself.
She likes to knit.
She likes to listen to music.
She likes to make fun of him.
She likes to make scrapbooks.
She likes to observe birds.
She likes to pepper her stories with humor.
She likes to play her favorite songs on repeat.
She likes to play tag during recess.
She likes to play tennis.
She likes to play the koto very much.
She likes to play with building blocks.
She likes to play with her dogs.
She likes to play with her friends at the playground.
She likes to play with this lamb.
She likes to read books.
She likes to read everything, and she read the Quran in all the languages she knows.
She likes to read magazines.
She likes to read novels.
She likes to read scientific articles.
She likes to read short stories.
She likes to read.
She likes to ride her bicycle.
She likes to run.
She likes to say things she doesn't really mean.
She likes to shake boxes.
She likes to show off.
She likes to sing, doesn't she?
She likes to sing.
She likes to sleep.
She likes to smoke tobacco.
She likes to socialize with others.
She likes to spend whole afternoons shopping.
She likes to swim, doesn't she?
She likes to swim.
She likes to take a bath with rose petals.
She likes to take centre stage.
She likes to take her time.
She likes to take walks by herself.
She likes to talk about her parents.
She likes to talk about herself.
She likes to talk about him.
She likes to talk in our presence.
She likes to tease him.
She likes to tell dirty jokes.
She likes to undertake a fresh challenge, to “initialize my life every seven, eight years,” Kuno said.
She likes to walk alone.
She likes to walk with me.
She likes to wash in the morning with cold water.
She likes to watch TV while she eats.
She likes to watch television.
She likes to wear Kabyle dresses more than anything else.
She likes to wear dark colours.
She likes to wear makeup to school.
She likes to wear skirts.
She likes to work in the garden.
She likes to worry about stupid things.
She likes to write fan fiction.
She likes tortoises.
She likes traveling best of all.
She likes vanilla ice cream.
She likes walking alone.
She likes walking in the rain.
She likes wearing Kabyle dresses.
She likes wearing boxer briefs, she doesn't like briefs, and also doesn't like thongs.
She likes what I've done.
She likes what she does.
She likes what she sees.
She likes wine.
She likes winter.
She likes word games.
She likes working hard.
She likes yoga and hula hooping.
She likes you for being you.
She likes you too, you know. She's just too shy to admit it.
She likes you very much.
She likes you!
She likes you.
She limped.
She lingers in his thoughts.
She liquefied like a wax light.
She listed her computer on Craigslist.
She listened carefully to Skura.
She listened carefully to him.
She listened carefully.
She listened patiently.
She listened to her CDs at random.
She listened to him with her eyes modestly cast down.
She listened to him.
She listened to me patiently and very attentively.
She listened to me patiently and very carefully.
She listened to me with her eyes shining.
She listened to me.
She listened to music for hours.
She listened to music in her own room.
She listened to my opinion.
She listened to that.
She listened to the Quran.
She listened to the conversation.
She listened to the message.
She listened to the recording once again.
She listened to the story.
She listened to the verdict without betraying the slightest emotion.
She listened to the verdict without showing so much as a flicker of emotion.
She listened to the young preacher's sermon.
She listened very carefully when I praised her son.
She listened with an attention that was surely flattering enough, but Charlton felt that he had not made much impression on her.
She listens to her intuition always.
She listens to her mum and dad.
She listens to her parents.
She listens to him even though no one else does.
She listens to him.
She listens to religious music.
She listens to the radio.
She listens to the whispers of the wind.
She listens to the wind's song.
She lit a candle.
She lit a fire.
She lit a match to light the fire.
She lit a match.
She lit candles in her room.
She lit some candles in her room.
She lit the candles.
She lit up some incense.
She lived a happy life.
She lived a life of luxury.
She lived a lonely life.
She lived a long life.
She lived a quiet life in the country.
She lived a thousand miles away.
She lived abroad for a few years.
She lived all her life in that town.
She lived alone after her husband died.
She lived alone after her husband had died.
She lived alone in a cottage.
She lived alone in a room.
She lived alone with her dog.
She lived alone.
She lived an unhappy life.
She lived at 56 Russell Square.
She lived for a long time.
She lived here her entire life.
She lived here.
She lived in Algeria.
She lived in Algiers.
She lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
She lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
She lived in Lebanon from 1988 to 1994.
She lived in Osaka until she turned six.
She lived in a big city.
She lived in a nice home in a nice neighborhood.
She lived in a small apartment by herself.
She lived in a small town not far from here.
She lived in an enormous mansion.
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young.
She lived just down the road from him.
She lived just down the street from him.
She lived more than twenty-five years alone.
She lived next door to us.
She lived on her own for years.
She lived there about five years.
She lived there by herself.
She lived there for many years.
She lived there for years.
She lived there.
She lived three hours away from him.
She lived to be ninety.
She lived to be seventy years old.
She lived up to our expectations.
She lived upstairs from us.
She lived with Mina.
She lived with her elderly grandmother.
She lived with her father for more than twenty years.
She lived with him all her life.
She lived with us.
She lives 500 metres from here.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
She lives a difficult life.
She lives a few blocks away from here.
She lives a few blocks away from him.
She lives a long way away.
She lives a solitary life in a remote part of Scotland.
She lives a world away from him.
She lives about twenty minutes away from him.
She lives above me.
She lives abroad.
She lives across the river.
She lives across the street from him.
She lives across the street from the library.
She lives across the street from us.
She lives across the street.
She lives all by herself.
She lives alone in a big house.
She lives alone in a house of enormous dimensions.
She lives alone in a huge apartment in Paris.
She lives alone in a large flat in Paris.
She lives alone in a room.
She lives alone in the large house.
She lives alone in the room.
She lives alone in this room.
She lives alone with her parents.
She lives alone.
She lives an ascetic lifestyle.
She lives around here somewhere.
She lives at her grandma's.
She lives at the Gorilla Foundation in California.
She lives between Italy and France.
She lives beyond her means.
She lives by her pen.
She lives by herself in Boston.
She lives by herself.
She lives by the sea, but she doesn't know how to swim.
She lives close to the sea, but still doesn't know how to swim.
She lives close to the sea.
She lives close to us.
She lives close to you.
She lives downstream from him.
She lives elsewhere.
She lives far away from me.
She lives far away.
She lives far from her high school.
She lives far from here.
She lives far from me.
She lives far from there.
She lives from hand to mouth.
She lives here all by herself.
She lives here.
She lives in Baghdad.
She lives in Bejaia, a city located in Kabylie, Algeria.
She lives in Belfast.
She lives in Brisbane.
She lives in Britain.
She lives in Bumfuck.
She lives in Burundi.
She lives in Buttfuck.
She lives in Cairo.
She lives in Chile.
She lives in Colombia.
She lives in Dubai.
She lives in England.
She lives in Germany.
She lives in Kabylie as well.
She lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
She lives in Kabylie, too.
She lives in Kabylie.
She lives in Kenya.
She lives in Konak.
She lives in Kyoto.
She lives in LA, but she's anti-LA.
She lives in London.
She lives in Madrid.
She lives in Moscow.
She lives in New York.
She lives in Norway.
She lives in Palestine.
She lives in Peru.
She lives in Riga.
She lives in Rome.
She lives in Saint Petersburg.
She lives in Tbilisi.
She lives in Tokyo now.
She lives in Tokyo.
She lives in Ukraine.
She lives in Uruguay.
She lives in Vanadzor, Armenia.
She lives in Yokohama.
She lives in Yoshkar-Ola.
She lives in a big house all by herself.
She lives in a brownstone in a gentrified neighborhood of New York.
She lives in a dream world.
She lives in a fantasy world.
She lives in a flat.
She lives in a gated community.
She lives in a huge house.
She lives in a large house.
She lives in a lovely little cottage in the country.
She lives in a lovely little cottage outside the village.
She lives in a small college town.
She lives in a small house by herself.
She lives in a small house.
She lives in a small town in the interior.
She lives in a suburban town.
She lives in a tiny room that she shares with another student.
She lives in a tony neighborhood of New York.
She lives in a town near the Algerian border.
She lives in a trailer park.
She lives in a two-story house.
She lives in a valley in a town far from the beach.
She lives in a very big house.
She lives in a village.
She lives in abundance.
She lives in an A-frame house in the mountains.
She lives in an alternate reality.
She lives in an apartment above us.
She lives in an apartment alone.
She lives in an apartment.
She lives in an enormous house.
She lives in an expensive style.
She lives in another city.
She lives in comfort now.
She lives in comfort.
She lives in her newly restored mansion.
She lives in her own parallel world.
She lives in her own world.
She lives in la-la land.
She lives in poor circumstances.
She lives in quite a big mansion.
She lives in rural seclusion.
She lives in that house in the middle of the woods.
She lives in that house.
She lives in that village.
She lives in the United Kingdom.
She lives in the United States.
She lives in the apartment above him.
She lives in the apartment below him.
She lives in the apartment next door.
She lives in the apartment next to him.
She lives in the armpit of the world.
She lives in the asshole of the world.
She lives in the back of beyond.
She lives in the bad part of town.
She lives in the city.
She lives in the country.
She lives in the ghetto.
She lives in the house over there.
She lives in the house where her grandparents lived.
She lives in the middle of nowhere.
She lives in the neighborhood.
She lives in the next county over.
She lives in the same house her grandparents lived in.
She lives in the suburbs with her rat terrier and two children.
She lives in the village.
She lives in this house by herself.
She lives in this house.
She lives in this neighborhood.
She lives in this neighbourhood.
She lives in this village.
She lives in your neck of the woods.
She lives incognito.
She lives just across from us.
She lives just down the street from him.
She lives just down the street.
She lives just one floor above him.
She lives just outside Wripple, which is near Deal.
She lives like a princess.
She lives near Nuja's school.
She lives near Nuja’s school.
She lives near Rima's school.
She lives near a library.
She lives near here, doesn't she?
She lives near him.
She lives near the beach, but she can't swim.
She lives near the beach.
She lives near the dike.
She lives near the edge of Wripple, so she drives in every day.
She lives near the metro station.
She lives near the ocean, but she can't swim.
She lives near the tube station.
She lives near the underground station.
She lives near you, doesn't she?
She lives near you.
She lives nearby.
She lives next door to him.
She lives next door to us.
She lives next door.
She lives next to a library.
She lives next to him.
She lives on a forty-acre horse ranch.
She lives on a small pension.
She lives on an island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
She lives on another plane of existence.
She lives on her own.
She lives on milk and vegetables.
She lives on the ground floor.
She lives on the other side of the river.
She lives on the outskirts of the city.
She lives on vegetables and brown rice.
She lives over there.
She lives paycheck to paycheck.
She lives quite close by.
She lives really far from here.
She lives remote from the wear and tear of the world.
She lives right down the street from me.
She lives right down the street.
She lives right next door to him.
She lives somewhere else.
She lives somewhere in Algeria.
She lives there.
She lives three hours away from him.
She lives three miles from him.
She lives two doors down.
She lives very far away.
She lives very far from here.
She lives with her aunt.
She lives with her boyfriend.
She lives with her dad.
She lives with her family.
She lives with her father.
She lives with her grandma.
She lives with her grandmother.
She lives with her granny.
She lives with her husband and three children.
She lives with her husband in the village.
She lives with her parents.
She lives with her son in a house quite far away from the city.
She lives with him in a small apartment.
She lives with him in a small house.
She lives with him.
She lives within a stone's throw of the school.
She lives within a stone’s throw of the school.
She loaded her last round.
She loaded her pistol with precision.
She loaded her rifle with steady hands.
She lobbed the ball delicately over the defense.
She lobbed the ball into the penalty area.
She lobbies for new legislation.
She located the battery.
She locked a door.
She locked eyes with him.
She locked her bike to a tree.
She locked her car.
She locked her dog in the bathroom.
She locked her door.
She locked her doors.
She locked her jewels in the safe for fear they might be stolen.
She locked her keys in her car.
She locked her keys in the car.
She locked her sister in the closet.
She locked herself in her bedroom and turned off the light.
She locked herself in her bedroom.
She locked herself in her room and cried.
She locked herself in her room and refused to come out.
She locked herself in her room and wouldn't let anyone in.
She locked herself in her room.
She locked herself in the bathroom and howled.
She locked herself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
She locked herself in the bathroom and started to cry.
She locked herself in the bathroom.
She locked herself in the closet.
She locked herself into a world of her own.
She locked herself out of her house.
She locked herself out of her room.
She locked the door.
She locked the gate.
She locked up a suspect.
She logged in.
She longed for him, but she longed also to be reinstated in her self-esteem.
She longed to hear him say that he loved her.
She longs for her family.
She longs for her husband to arrive.
She looked a bit embarrassed.
She looked a little disappointed.
She looked a little sad.
She looked about in her room.
She looked absently out of the window.
She looked after her baby.
She looked after her old mother.
She looked after her sick father.
She looked after her sister, who was in bed with a bad cold.
She looked after my children last night.
She looked after my dog for a month.
She looked after the baby.
She looked after the child.
She looked after the children.
She looked after the patient.
She looked ahead.
She looked all around.
She looked angry.
She looked anxiously at him.
She looked around at her apartment.
She looked around at her coworkers.
She looked around at her family.
She looked around for her camera.
She looked around for her key.
She looked around her room.
She looked around her.
She looked around in wonder.
She looked around the house.
She looked around the room, but couldn't see him.
She looked around the room.
She looked around to grab some tissues.
She looked around, bewildered.
She looked around, but saw nothing.
She looked around, but she couldn't see anything.
She looked around, but she couldn’t see anything.
She looked around.
She looked around. He was nowhere to be seen.
She looked as if she had been ill for a long time.
She looked as if she had been ill.
She looked as if she had been sick for a long time.
She looked as if she had been sick in bed for years.
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
She looked as if she hadn't eaten in days.
She looked as if she hadn’t eaten in days.
She looked as if she was angry.
She looked as if she was sick.
She looked as if she'd seen a ghost.
She looked as if there were a spell upon her, keeping her motionless and hindering her from unclasping her hands, while some intense, grave yearning was imprisoned within her eyes.
She looked as though she had seen a ghost.
She looked as though she had seen me somewhere before.
She looked askance at him.
She looked at Mina.
She looked at Mom hesitantly.
She looked at Mom.
She looked at Rima's computer history.
She looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one.
She looked at a floating cloud.
She looked at her appointment book.
She looked at her beautiful hen.
She looked at her cards and smiled.
She looked at her cards.
She looked at her cell phone and noticed that it was already a quarter till two.
She looked at her compass.
She looked at her dog and her dog looked at her.
