I'm just a little distracted right now.
I'm just a little dizzy.
I'm just a little guy.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little squeamish.
I'm just a little surprised.
I'm just a little tired.
I'm just a little tired. That's all.
I'm just a little wheezy.
I'm just a little woozy.
I'm just a little worried about Tom.
I'm just a little worried about what might happen.
I'm just a lowly serf.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a messenger.
I'm just a nobody.
I'm just a normal girl.
I'm just a normal guy.
I'm just a normal person.
I'm just a nurse.
I'm just a patsy!
I'm just a pencil pusher.
I'm just a person in front of another person asking them to love me.
I'm just a phone call away.
I'm just a plain office worker.
I'm just a plain old office worker.
I'm just a poor farmer.
I'm just a poor student.
I'm just a raccoon with a PC and a MIDI keyboard.
I'm just a regular office worker.
I'm just a silly guy.
I'm just a silly monkey like you.
I'm just a simple factory worker. Why do you bother me?
I'm just a simple farmer.
I'm just a student.
I'm just a survivor.
I'm just a taxi driver.
I'm just a teacher.
I'm just a teenager.
I'm just a tourist.
I'm just a twenty-something in search of something that doesn't exist.
I'm just about done.
I'm just about finished doing the laundry.
I'm just about finished doing this.
I'm just about finished here.
I'm just about finished with my homework.
I'm just about finished with the report.
I'm just about finished.
I'm just about ready.
I'm just about to change that.
I'm just about to change the baby's nappy.
I'm just about to check in.
I'm just about to do that now.
I'm just about to do that.
I'm just about to head off to the station.
I'm just about to set off for the station.
I'm just about to shower.
I'm just about to wash the dishes.
I'm just about to whack you on the ears with a spoon, you monkey.
I'm just acknowledging reality.
I'm just advising you not to waste your time.
I'm just afraid it's all going to hell.
I'm just after meeting up with Tom.
I'm just always busy.
I'm just an amateur when it comes to art, but I really like this painting.
I'm just an amateur.
I'm just an average boy.
I'm just an average girl.
I'm just an average guy.
I'm just an average person.
I'm just an enby going about their life.
I'm just an innocent bystander.
I'm just an object of pleasure for him.
I'm just an old farm boy.
I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.
I'm just an ordinary guy.
I'm just another guy.
I'm just another man.
I'm just another spoiled Canadian.
I'm just as ambitious as ever. Only, I've changed the object of my ambitions.
I'm just as busy as Tom is.
I'm just as busy as Tom.
I'm just as busy as ever.
I'm just as busy as you are.
I'm just as confounded as you are.
I'm just as confused as you are.
I'm just as curious as you are.
I'm just as curious as you.
I'm just as frustrated as everybody else.
I'm just as frustrated as everyone else.
I'm just as hungry as you are.
I'm just as hurt as you are.
I'm just as hurt as you.
I'm just as mystified as you are.
I'm just as old as Tom is.
I'm just as old as Tom.
I'm just as scared as you are.
I'm just as surprised as everybody else.
I'm just as surprised as everyone else.
I'm just as tired as you are.
I'm just as worried as you are.
I'm just asking questions.
I'm just asking you to play along, that's all.
I'm just asking you to think about it.
I'm just asking you.
I'm just asking.
I'm just assuming, like I said.
I'm just back from a trip.
I'm just back from the UK.
I'm just beginning.
I'm just being careful.
I'm just being honest.
I'm just being me.
I'm just being myself.
I'm just being polite.
I'm just being pragmatic.
I'm just being real.
I'm just being realistic.
I'm just being sarcastic, that's all.
I'm just being sarcastic.
I'm just bored.
I'm just browsing.
I'm just busy, that's all.
I'm just buying some stuff for dinner.
I'm just calling it like I see it.
I'm just calling to let you know I'll be late for dinner tomorrow.
I'm just calling to say hi.
I'm just catching my breath.
I'm just changing into my suit.
I'm just checking to see if we're still on for 5.
I'm just checking to see if we're still on for 5:00.
I'm just cleaning up.
I'm just concentrating on playing golf.
I'm just concerned about your safety.
I'm just crazy.
I'm just curious what your plan is.
I'm just curious.
I'm just different.
I'm just digesting lunch at the moment.
I'm just disgusted with you right now.
I'm just doing it for the dragon's blood.
I'm just doing it for the food.
I'm just doing my best.
I'm just doing my civic duty.
I'm just doing my duty.
I'm just doing my job, Jim.
I'm just doing my job.
I'm just doing the washing-up.
I'm just doing what I have to.
I'm just doing what I'm told to do.
I'm just doing what Tom recommended.
I'm just doing what has to be done.
I'm just doing what my heart says. He's the leader and I'm just a subordinate.
I'm just doing what needs to be done.
I'm just doodling.
I'm just dreaming about her.
I'm just dreaming about him.
I'm just dreaming about it.
I'm just exhausted.
I'm just explaining.
I'm just feeling a little sick.
I'm just feeling down.
I'm just filling in here temporarily.
I'm just fine.
I'm just finishing off my homework.
I'm just finishing off some notes quickly.
I'm just finishing up some homework.
I'm just finishing up the report.
I'm just finishing up.
I'm just focused on baseball at this time.
I'm just following Tom's orders.
I'm just following orders.
I'm just following the argument to its logical conclusion.
I'm just following the blueprints.
I'm just fucking with you, man. You've paid your taxes on time! You can leave if you want.
I'm just fucking with you.
I'm just getting back to basics.
I'm just getting ready to do that.
I'm just getting some stuff for dinner.
I'm just getting started.
I'm just getting the runaround.
I'm just getting to know the neighborhood.
I'm just getting used to it.
I'm just getting warmed up.
I'm just giving fair warning, some people don't like it because it's over the top for them, or what not.
I'm just giving my perspective.
I'm just glad I could help.
I'm just glad I got it done on time.
I'm just glad I got it done.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are OK.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are back.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are doing that.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are home.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary weren't hurt.
I'm just glad Tom is OK.
I'm just glad Tom is back.
I'm just glad Tom is doing that.
I'm just glad Tom is here.
I'm just glad Tom is home.
I'm just glad Tom is on to better things now.
I'm just glad Tom wasn't hurt.
I'm just glad everything turned out OK.
I'm just glad everything worked out.
I'm just glad he wasn't hurt.
I'm just glad it all worked out.
I'm just glad it wasn't you who did this to me.
I'm just glad it's all over.
I'm just glad it's over.
I'm just glad my body is now the way my brain is wired to believe it should be.
I'm just glad no one got hurt.
I'm just glad no one was hurt.
I'm just glad no one was killed.
I'm just glad she wasn't hurt.
I'm just glad that I got it done on time.
I'm just glad to be part of it.
I'm just glad to have Tom back.
I'm just glad you weren't hurt.
I'm just glad you're safe.
I'm just going across to the flower shop.
I'm just going for a walk.
I'm just going into town now.
I'm just going out a minute.
I'm just going out for a bit.
I'm just going out for a walk.
I'm just going to answer the call of nature.
I'm just going to ask you some questions.
I'm just going to assume Tom will be here.
I'm just going to assume that Tom will be here.
I'm just going to be gone for a couple of hours.
I'm just going to do my job.
I'm just going to drop by the post office.
I'm just going to eat it.
I'm just going to go powder my nose.
I'm just going to go wash my hands.
I'm just going to hang the washing out.
I'm just going to leave it up to him to figure out how to clean up this mess.
I'm just going to let her sleep.
I'm just going to lie down for a few minutes.
I'm just going to lie down for a minute.
I'm just going to post a letter in the letter box, all right? Back in a bit.
I'm just going to post a letter in the letter box, all right? Back in a minute.
I'm just going to post a letter in the letter box, all right? Back in a mo'.
I'm just going to put these flowers in some water.
I'm just going to rest during the summer vacation.
I'm just going to run down to buy some tickets.
I'm just going to run down to the bank.
I'm just going to say what's on my mind.
I'm just going to saying in Berber.
I'm just going to send this to myself.
I'm just going to sit here a while and rest.
I'm just going to sit here and wait for Tom.
I'm just going to sit here for a while and think.
I'm just going to sit here for a while.
I'm just going to sit here.
I'm just going to spend a penny.
I'm just going to stay home.
I'm just going to stretch my legs.
I'm just going to take a nap.
I'm just going to take my things.
I'm just going to talk to Tom.
I'm just going to the loo.
I'm just going to think about the drive.
I'm just going to think about the present.
I'm just going to use wet wipes, since I can't actually wash my hands yet.
I'm just going to wait over there.
I'm just gonna sit here.
I'm just gonna squeeze past you real quick.
I'm just goofing off.
I'm just grateful for the opportunity to help.
I'm just grateful none of my friends saw me with Tom.
I'm just guessing.
I'm just hanging around.
I'm just hanging out.
I'm just happy I'm back.
I'm just happy as hell that you're here.
I'm just happy being a farmer.
I'm just happy for Tom.
I'm just happy it ended so well.
I'm just happy that I won.
I'm just happy that you're happy.
I'm just happy to be able to help.
I'm just happy to be here with you.
I'm just happy to be here.
I'm just happy to see you.
I'm just happy to talk to somebody.
I'm just happy to talk to someone.
I'm just happy we're together.
I'm just happy you're okay.
I'm just happy. That's all.
I'm just having a bad day.
I'm just having a little fun.
I'm just having a look to see whether she's here.
I'm just having a look to see whether she's in.
I'm just having a look.
I'm just having fun with you.
I'm just having fun.
I'm just having my wake-up coffee.
I'm just having some fun.
I'm just helping out.
I'm just helping.
I'm just here for moral support.
I'm just here to do my job.
I'm just here to find out who took Tom.
I'm just here to help them out.
I'm just here to help.
I'm just here to make money.
I'm just here to observe.
I'm just here to say hi to Tom.
I'm just here to say hi to her.
I'm just here to say hi to him.
I'm just here to say hi to them.
I'm just here to show you something.
I'm just here to talk to Tom.
I'm just here to tell you what's going to happen.
I'm just here to visit.
I'm just here to work.
I'm just here to write and translate sentences.
I'm just home from school.
I'm just hoping we can do that.
I'm just hypothesizing, but what if we did follow his plan?
I'm just joking, Tom.
I'm just joking.
I'm just keeping Mr. Kimura company as a friend.
I'm just keeping Tom company as a friend.
I'm just keeping it real.
I'm just keeping my options open.
I'm just keeping you company.
I'm just kidding you.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding. That really didn't happen.
I'm just killing time.
I'm just lacking self-confidence.
I'm just lazy.
I'm just learning how things work around here.
I'm just learning how to do this, like everybody else.
I'm just learning how to drive.
I'm just learning how to swim.
I'm just leaving now.
I'm just leaving the cinema.
I'm just leaving.
I'm just letting you know.
I'm just like Tom.
I'm just like everyone else.
I'm just like them.
I'm just like you.
I'm just listening.
I'm just living from day to day.
I'm just living my best life.
I'm just lonely.
I'm just looking around, seeing what's available.
I'm just looking around.
I'm just looking for Tom.
I'm just looking for a place to sleep.
I'm just looking for my friends.
I'm just looking forward to going home.
I'm just looking out for Tom.
I'm just looking out for her.
I'm just looking out for him.
I'm just looking out for myself.
I'm just looking out for them.
I'm just looking out for you.
I'm just looking, thank you.
I'm just looking.
I'm just lost for words.
I'm just lucky.
I'm just mad.
I'm just making a suggestion.
I'm just making conversation.
I'm just making it a little more tasty.
I'm just making sure this is still going on.
I'm just making sure we're safe.
I'm just making sure.
I'm just messing around.
I'm just messing with you, bro.
I'm just messing with you.
I'm just minding my own business.
I'm just nervous about tomorrow.
I'm just nervous.
I'm just nipping over to the supermarket. Shall I get you anything?
I'm just nipping to the toilet.
I'm just nitpicking, of course.
I'm just no good at this.
I'm just not a very nice person.
I'm just not attracted to you.
I'm just not cut out for this kind of work.
I'm just not digging it today.
I'm just not feeling up to it right now.
I'm just not going to do that.
I'm just not good enough.
I'm just not having any fun.
I'm just not hungry.
I'm just not in the mood for it at the moment.
I'm just not in the mood for it.
I'm just not in the mood to go out right now.
I'm just not in the mood.
I'm just not interested in any of your stories.
I'm just not interested in that.
I'm just not interested.
I'm just not ready yet.
I'm just not ready.
I'm just not so sure we should be helping Tom.
I'm just not sure exactly what it might be.
I'm just not sure it's for me.
I'm just not sure what to do.
I'm just not sure.
I'm just not that interesting.
I'm just not that into Halloween.
I'm just not used to doing that yet.
I'm just not very busy.
I'm just not very good at French.
I'm just not very happy.
I'm just not very hungry.
I'm just now doing that.
I'm just obeying orders.
I'm just on my way home.
I'm just passing by.
I'm just passing through.
I'm just planning ahead.
I'm just playing it by ear.
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.
I'm just playing the odds.
I'm just playing.
I'm just pleased we got it done.
I'm just popping out for some bread. Do you want anything?
I'm just popping out to post a letter in the letter box, all right? Back in a minute.
I'm just popping out to the #2 factory.
I'm just popping out to the shops.
I'm just popping to the loo.
I'm just practicing.
I'm just practising for work.
I'm just pulling your leg.
I'm just puttering here by myself, fixing my computer.
I'm just rambling.
I'm just really blessed.
I'm just really glad that you found a boyfriend.
I'm just really happy right now.
I'm just really happy.
I'm just resting for a moment.
I'm just resting my eyes.
I'm just sayin'.
I'm just saying it's a possibility.
I'm just saying it's complicated.
I'm just saying it's possible.
I'm just saying my opinion.
I'm just saying stuff.
I'm just saying that you shouldn't trust Tom too much.
I'm just saying that's the hope.
I'm just saying there must be another way to do this.
I'm just saying we can't leave yet.
I'm just saying we can't trust Tom.
I'm just saying you can't blame me.
I'm just saying you shouldn't go out alone at night.
I'm just saying you shouldn't trust Tom too much.
I'm just saying you shouldn't trust Tom.
I'm just saying!
I'm just saying, it could happen.
I'm just saying.
I'm just scared.
I'm just sensitive to energies.
I'm just setting out!
I'm just shocked.
I'm just showing my point of view.
I'm just showing off.
I'm just shy.
I'm just sick in the head.
I'm just sitting here relaxing.
I'm just sitting here staring at nothing since I don't know what to do.
I'm just sitting here thinking.
I'm just sleepy.
I'm just so grateful for you.
I'm just so happy to see you.
I'm just so happy.
I'm just so lost right now.
I'm just so proud of Tom.
I'm just so proud of you.
I'm just so tired.
I'm just someone who wants peace.
I'm just sorry it happened.
I'm just sorry that it happened.
I'm just sorting out some suitable clothes to take on holiday.
I'm just spitballing here.
I'm just starting to have a migraine come on.
I'm just starving.
I'm just stating facts.
I'm just stating the facts.
I'm just stating the obvious.
I'm just stopping by.
I'm just stressed out.
I'm just surprised to see you.
I'm just surprised.
I'm just tagging along for the ride.
I'm just taking a shower.
I'm just taking my time.
I'm just taking pictures.
I'm just talking nonsense.
I'm just talking to my friends.
I'm just talking to myself.
I'm just teasing you, Tom.
I'm just teasing you.
I'm just teasing.
I'm just telling it like it is.
I'm just telling that.
I'm just telling the truth.
I'm just telling you how it is.
I'm just telling you the facts.
I'm just telling you the truth.
I'm just telling you to think about it.
I'm just telling you what I found.
I'm just telling you what I heard.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
I'm just telling you what I've heard.
I'm just telling you what Mary told me.
I'm just telling you what Tom told me.
I'm just telling you what he told me.
I'm just telling you what she told me.
I'm just telling you what the law states.
I'm just that kind of person.
I'm just the average person you might pass on the street every day.
I'm just the messenger.
I'm just the wrong guy for this.
I'm just thinking about the baby.
I'm just thinking about what Tom said.
I'm just thinking about your reputation.
I'm just thinking out loud here.
I'm just thinking out loud.
I'm just thinking.
I'm just thinking...
I'm just tired of standing up.
I'm just tired.
I'm just too busy to stop to eat lunch right now.
I'm just too busy to take a vacation now.
I'm just too busy.
I'm just too tired now to do anything.
I'm just too tired to do anything today.
I'm just too tired to do this now.
I'm just too tired to help you now.
I'm just traveling through the region.
I'm just trying to be a friend here.
I'm just trying to be a good father.
I'm just trying to be a good mother.
I'm just trying to be a good neighbor.
I'm just trying to be a good neighbour.
I'm just trying to be consistent.
I'm just trying to be friendly.
I'm just trying to be helpful.
I'm just trying to be kind.
I'm just trying to be neighborly.
I'm just trying to be neighbourly.
I'm just trying to be professional.
I'm just trying to be realistic.
I'm just trying to be respectful.
I'm just trying to be thorough.
I'm just trying to buy some time.
I'm just trying to consider all possibilities.
I'm just trying to do my job.
I'm just trying to do the accounts.
I'm just trying to do the right thing.
I'm just trying to do what's right.
I'm just trying to enjoy it.
I'm just trying to figure out how to do this.
I'm just trying to figure out what to do.
I'm just trying to figure out what's going on.
I'm just trying to figure out what's wrong.
I'm just trying to figure out why someone would do such a thing.
I'm just trying to figure that out.
I'm just trying to find Tom.
I'm just trying to find her.
I'm just trying to find him.
I'm just trying to find my place in the world.
I'm just trying to find them.
I'm just trying to get Tom's attention.
I'm just trying to get by.
I'm just trying to get out of here.
I'm just trying to get to know you.
I'm just trying to get you to do what you said you'd do.
I'm just trying to get you to understand.
I'm just trying to have a good time.
I'm just trying to have a little fun.
I'm just trying to help Tom out.
I'm just trying to help out.
I'm just trying to help you here.
I'm just trying to help you out.
I'm just trying to help.
I'm just trying to keep busy.
I'm just trying to keep you awake.
I'm just trying to live a happy life, that's all.
I'm just trying to make a buck.
I'm just trying to make a living.
I'm just trying to make some money to feed my children.
I'm just trying to make you feel better.
I'm just trying to open your eyes.
I'm just trying to save some time here.
I'm just trying to stay warm.
I'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
I'm just trying to survive.
I'm just trying to uncover the truth.
I'm just trying to understand what's going on.
I'm just trying to understand you.
I'm just tying up some loose ends.
I'm just under 150 centimeters tall.
I'm just unlucky.
I'm just venting my frustration.
I'm just visiting.
I'm just voicing out my concerns about putting forth and about enabling such a risky monetary decision.
I'm just waiting for Tom.
I'm just waiting for a call.
I'm just waiting for a friend.
I'm just waiting for her.
I'm just waiting for him.
I'm just waiting for someone.
I'm just waiting for the bus.
I'm just waiting for them.
I'm just warming up now.
I'm just warming up.
I'm just washing up.
I'm just wasting my time with you.
I'm just watching TV.
I'm just watching television.
I'm just watching.
I'm just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
I'm just working.
I'm just worried about my weight.
I'm just worried about you.
I'm just worried.
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.
I'm just yankin' your chain!
I'm keen for Ireland again!
I'm keen on Mary passing the examination.
I'm keen on swimming.
I'm keeping a close eye on them.
I'm keeping a record of basal body temperature.
I'm keeping a secret.
I'm keeping an eye on you.
I'm keeping count.
I'm keeping it secret.
I'm keeping my cool.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you!
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
I'm keeping my mouth shut.
I'm keeping my options open.
I'm keeping the baby.
I'm keeping the car and the dog.
I'm keeping the faith.
I'm keeping this house together.
I'm keeping this.
I'm keeping three secrets from you.
I'm keeping track of everything.
I'm kidding, buddy, calm down.
I'm kidding, of course.
I'm kidding.
I'm killing myself to meet the deadline.
I'm killing time.
I'm kind of a loner.
I'm kind of aggressive.
I'm kind of angry, too.
I'm kind of astonished.
I'm kind of at a loss for words.
I'm kind of busy now.
I'm kind of busy right now, Tom.
I'm kind of busy right now.
I'm kind of busy tonight.
I'm kind of busy, too.
I'm kind of busy.
I'm kind of confused myself.
I'm kind of confused.
I'm kind of curious about that myself.
I'm kind of disappointed.
I'm kind of enjoying myself here.
I'm kind of excited about this.
I'm kind of excited, too.
I'm kind of freaked out.
I'm kind of full.
I'm kind of glad that I won't see him again.
I'm kind of happy for you.
I'm kind of happy to be back here.
I'm kind of happy.
I'm kind of hoping Tom and Mary don't come to the party.
I'm kind of hoping Tom doesn't come to the party.
I'm kind of hoping you won't leave tomorrow.
I'm kind of hungry now.
I'm kind of hungry, too.
I'm kind of hungry.
I'm kind of in a hurry.
I'm kind of in a rush here.
I'm kind of in a rush today.
I'm kind of in the middle of something here.
I'm kind of in the middle of something.
I'm kind of into that.
I'm kind of lazy.
I'm kind of looking forward to a quiet day.
I'm kind of mad at myself.
I'm kind of new at this.
I'm kind of scared to do that.
I'm kind of scared.
I'm kind of seeing someone else.
I'm kind of shy.
I'm kind of sick today.
I'm kind of sleepy so I'll be heading back soon.
I'm kind of sleepy, too.
I'm kind of sleepy.
I'm kind of speechless right now.
I'm kind of stunned.
I'm kind of surprised myself.
I'm kind of surprised.
I'm kind of tall.
I'm kind of thirsty.
I'm kind of tied up right now.
I'm kind of tired now.
I'm kind of tired of it.
I'm kind of tired of this.
I'm kind of tired today.
I'm kind of tired, too.
I'm kind of tired.
I'm kind of trapped here.
I'm kind of uncomfortable.
I'm kind to everyone and grateful.
I'm kind.
I'm kinda glad that I won't see him again.
I'm kinda hungry.
I'm kindness personified.
I'm king of the world!
I'm knackered!
I'm knackered.
I'm knackered. I just want to go to bed.
I'm kneading the dough.
I'm know Tom didn't want to study French.
I'm knowledgeable, but not skilled.
I'm known for my independent and progressive thinking.
I'm known for oversleeping.
I'm lacking sleep, so I'm going to sleep early today.
I'm lacking some practice.
I'm lacking something.
I'm lactose intolerant.
I'm laid-back.
I'm languishing for you.
I'm lasagne mad.
I'm last.
I'm late again, aren't I?
I'm late again.
I'm late because I got stuck in a traffic jam.
I'm late because I got stuck in traffic.
I'm late because I missed my train.
I'm late because I missed the bus.
I'm late because I missed the train.
I'm late because of the traffic.
I'm late because of traffic.
I'm late because the bus was late.
I'm late because the train was late.
I'm late for an appointment.
I'm late for class.
I'm late for dinner.
I'm late for lunch.
I'm late for my morning conference.
I'm late for practice.
I'm late for school.
I'm late for work.
I'm late in saying this, but happy birthday!
I'm late since I missed my train.
I'm late with my period.
I'm late, aren't I?
I'm late, as I so often am.
I'm late.
I'm late. Mary is going to kill me.
I'm laughing at Tom.
I'm laughing at her.
I'm laughing at him.
I'm laughing at his naïveté.
I'm laughing at them.
I'm laughing at you.
I'm laughing myself to death.
I'm laughing out loud.
I'm laughing so I don't have to cry.
I'm laughing to keep myself from crying.
I'm laughing too hard.
I'm laughing until I die.
I'm laughing.
I'm laying the table.
I'm laying you off.
I'm lazy about my hair, so I tend to look like a slob.
I'm lazy, I don't like to get up in the morning.
I'm lazy.
I'm leading a country.
I'm leading the investigation into the child's disappearance.
I'm leaning Esperanto.
I'm leaning towards the second option.
I'm learning Akkadian.
I'm learning Albanian.
I'm learning Ancient Greek.
I'm learning Arabic.
I'm learning Aramaic.
I'm learning Armenian.
I'm learning Basque.
I'm learning Berber conjugation and I'm really struggling with it.
I'm learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm learning Berber now and it's a little bit difficult.
I'm learning Berber now.
I'm learning Berber.
I'm learning Bulgarian.
I'm learning Burmese.
I'm learning Cantonese.
I'm learning Catalan.
I'm learning Cherokee.
I'm learning Chinese on my own.
I'm learning Chinese.
I'm learning Coptic.
I'm learning Czech.
I'm learning Danish.
I'm learning Dutch.
I'm learning Egyptian.
I'm learning English and French. I'd like to be a flight attendant in the future.
I'm learning English.
I'm learning Esperanto very quickly.
I'm learning Esperanto.
I'm learning Euskera.
I'm learning Filipino.
I'm learning Finnish.
I'm learning French now.
I'm learning French on my own.
I'm learning French online.
I'm learning French.
I'm learning Frisian.
I'm learning German now.
I'm learning German with a very old book. It was published in the year 1970.
I'm learning Greek.
I'm learning Hawaiian.
I'm learning Hebrew.
I'm learning Hittite.
I'm learning Hungarian and Polish on Duolingo.
I'm learning Hungarian.
I'm learning Icelandic.
I'm learning Ido.
I'm learning Irish slowly.
I'm learning Irish.
I'm learning Italian for my trip to Italy.
I'm learning Italian.
I'm learning Japanese by myself.
I'm learning Japanese.
I'm learning Judeo-Spanish.
I'm learning Kazakh.
I'm learning Klingon to scare normal people.
I'm learning Korean.
I'm learning Kurdish.
I'm learning Ladino.
I'm learning Lakota.
I'm learning Latin.
I'm learning Latvian.
I'm learning Lithuanian.
I'm learning Lojban because I like it.
I'm learning Magyar.
I'm learning Mandarin.
I'm learning Maori.
I'm learning Modern Greek.
I'm learning Mongolian.
I'm learning Nahuatl.
I'm learning Navajo.
I'm learning Norwegian.
I'm learning Occitan.
I'm learning Ojibwe.
I'm learning Old English.
I'm learning Polish.
I'm learning Portuguese.
I'm learning Quechua.
I'm learning Romanian.
I'm learning Russian.
I'm learning Sardinian.
I'm learning Scottish Gaelic.
I'm learning Serbian.
I'm learning Slovak.
I'm learning Slovenian.
I'm learning Spanish, English and Japanese, and I love to help others learning them too.
I'm learning Spanish.
I'm learning Sumerian.
I'm learning Swahili.
I'm learning Swedish.
I'm learning Tagalog grammar to understand Chavacano.
I'm learning Tagalog.
I'm learning Tajik.
I'm learning Tamazight.
I'm learning Thai.
I'm learning Toki Pona.
I'm learning Turkish.
I'm learning Turkmen.
I'm learning Uighur.
I'm learning Ukrainian.
I'm learning Uyghur.
I'm learning Vietnamese.
I'm learning Welsh.
I'm learning West Frisian.
I'm learning Yiddish.
I'm learning Zulu.
I'm learning a language called Berber.
I'm learning a lot.
I'm learning an old Chinese game.
I'm learning as much as you are.
I'm learning for you.
I'm learning four languages at the same time: Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian, and Montenegrin.
I'm learning how to contour my face with make-up.
I'm learning how to do that now.
I'm learning how to do that.
I'm learning how to drive.
I'm learning how to learn.
I'm learning how to play the trumpet.
I'm learning how to swim.
I'm learning how to type.
I'm learning how to write.
I'm learning languages for fun.
I'm learning languages.
I'm learning lots of languages.
I'm learning lots of things about Islam.
I'm learning mathematics.
I'm learning more about Korean culture.
I'm learning music.
I'm learning my Berber vocabulary.
I'm learning piano.
I'm learning several languages at the same time.
I'm learning so much about life right now.
I'm learning so much from you.
I'm learning something new every day.
I'm learning something new everyday.
I'm learning something of value.
I'm learning the Basque language.
I'm learning the Berber language and I love it.
I'm learning the Burmese language.
I'm learning the Kurdish language.
I'm learning the Russian language.
I'm learning the chords to my favorite song.
I'm learning the language from a self-study guide.
I'm learning the language from a self-study textbook.
I'm learning to deal with the pain.
I'm learning to do that now.
I'm learning to do that.
I'm learning to drive at a driving school.
I'm learning to drive.
I'm learning to make databases.
I'm learning to make surreal art in Photoshop.
I'm learning to play the clarinet.
I'm learning to play the guitar now.
I'm learning to read Devanagari.
I'm learning to read Yiddish.
I'm learning to sew an anatomic waistband on the skirt.
I'm learning to sew so that I can make myself a dress.
I'm learning to speak Berber.
I'm learning to speak French.
I'm learning to speak Spanish in Argentina.
I'm learning to speak Spanish.
I'm learning to speak Tagalog.
I'm learning two foreign languages at the same time.
I'm learning two foreign languages simultaneously.
I'm learning two foreign languages.
I'm learning vocabulary using a method called spaced repetition.
I'm learning.
I'm leaving Australia tomorrow.
I'm leaving Australia.
I'm leaving Baghdad tomorrow.
I'm leaving Boston in about an hour.
I'm leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
I'm leaving Boston tomorrow.
I'm leaving Boston.
I'm leaving Tatoeba.
I'm leaving Tom.
I'm leaving again.
I'm leaving and I won't come back any more.
I'm leaving at 2:30.
I'm leaving because I don't want to keep standing around.
I'm leaving earlier than anticipated because I want to give myself a head start.
I'm leaving early next week.
I'm leaving early tomorrow morning.
I'm leaving first.
I'm leaving for Algeria pretty soon.
I'm leaving for Algeria.
I'm leaving for Australia tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Australia.
I'm leaving for Boston tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Boston.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Ceres tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.
I'm leaving for Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm leaving for New York next week.
I'm leaving for the asteroid belt tomorrow.
I'm leaving for the weekend.
I'm leaving forever.
I'm leaving home.
I'm leaving in a week.
I'm leaving in one minute.
I'm leaving in ten minutes.
I'm leaving in the afternoon.
I'm leaving in the morning.
I'm leaving in three days.
I'm leaving it all up to you.
I'm leaving it to you to decide that.
I'm leaving it to you.
I'm leaving my children to your care.
I'm leaving next week.
I'm leaving now, but I'll be back in a while.
I'm leaving now, goodbye.
I'm leaving now.
I'm leaving on Monday.
I'm leaving on October 20th.
I'm leaving on Sunday.
I'm leaving on a trip at the beginning of winter.
I'm leaving on a trip to Europe.
I'm leaving right now.
I'm leaving soon because my bus goes in half an hour.
I'm leaving soon.
I'm leaving that for tomorrow.
I'm leaving that up to you.
I'm leaving the books here.
I'm leaving the business in good hands.
I'm leaving the city.
I'm leaving the day after tomorrow.
I'm leaving the talking to you.
I'm leaving the theater.
I'm leaving the village tomorrow.
I'm leaving this evening.
I'm leaving this group.
I'm leaving this harbor.
I'm leaving this in your hands.
I'm leaving this town tonight.
I'm leaving this town.
I'm leaving to go there.
I'm leaving today.
I'm leaving tomorrow afternoon sometime before 2:30.
I'm leaving tomorrow afternoon.
I'm leaving tomorrow night.
I'm leaving tomorrow.
I'm leaving tonight for Australia.
I'm leaving tonight.
I'm leaving town for a few days.
I'm leaving town tonight.
I'm leaving town.
I'm leaving without him.
I'm leaving without it.
I'm leaving you alone. I have to leave.
I'm leaving you because you don't treat me right.
I'm leaving you behind.
I'm leaving you now.
I'm leaving you tomorrow.
I'm leaving you with her.
I'm leaving you.
I'm leaving, I'm going out to dinner.
I'm leaving, but you don't have to cry.
I'm leaving, goodbye!
I'm leaving, please excuse me.
I'm leaving, too.
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving. See you tomorrow.
I'm left handed.
I'm left on the shelf.
I'm left with a pile of kittens lolling all over the place.
I'm left wondering what happened.
I'm left-handed, and so I write with my left hand.
I'm left-handed.
I'm leftist and my left hand is dominant.
I'm leftist. This means that my left hand is dominant.
I'm legally blind.
I'm legally deaf and blind.
I'm lending you the keys, so take good care of them.
I'm lending you this and not giving it to you, do you understand?
I'm less active than my brother.
I'm less afraid when I'm with you.
I'm less famous.
I'm less optimistic than you are.
I'm less optimistic than you.
I'm less than an hour away from São Paulo.
I'm less than an hour from São Paulo.
I'm letting you go.
I'm letting you leave, provided that you do not come back late.
I'm letting you study.
I'm liable to do that.
I'm lighter now.
I'm lighting my cigar.
I'm lighting some candles in my room.
I'm like Tom.
I'm like a Vorlon. My soul-memory will be preserved by technology of an advanced civilization.
I'm like a cat on a hot tin roof.
I'm like a dog with hunger.
I'm like a magnet.
I'm like a shadow.
I'm like a stone in your shoe.
I'm like drenched in sweat.
I'm like everybody else here.
I'm like her.
I'm like him.
I'm like my brother.
I'm like my father.
I'm like my mother.
I'm like my sister.
I'm like you.
I'm likely be excused from doing that.
I'm likely be late for my appointment.
I'm likely going to be doing that tomorrow.
I'm likely going to be finished doing that before lunch.
I'm likely going to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I'm likely going to be finished doing this before lunch.
I'm likely going to be fired for doing that.
I'm likely going to be tempted to do that.
I'm likely going to be the first one to do that.
I'm likely going to be the last one to do that.
I'm likely going to be the next one to do that.
I'm likely going to be too busy to do that until after 2:30.
I'm likely going to do that later today.
I'm likely going to do that tomorrow.
I'm likely going to do that.
I'm likely going to find some way to do that.
I'm likely going to have a difficult time doing that.
I'm likely going to have a hard time doing that.
I'm likely never going to do that again.
I'm likely the richest one here.
I'm likely the richest person here.
I'm likely to be able to do that.
I'm likely to be about three hours late.
I'm likely to be busy all day.
I'm likely to be excused from doing that.
I'm likely to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I'm likely to be here all afternoon.
I'm likely to be late.
I'm likely to be the first one to do that.
I'm likely to be the last one to do that.
I'm likely to be the next one to do that.
I'm likely to be there tonight.
I'm likely to be through doing that by Monday.
I'm likely to do that again.
I'm likely to do that by myself.
I'm likely to do that next week.
I'm likely to do that soon.
I'm likely to do that today.
I'm likely to do that tomorrow afternoon.
I'm likely to do that tomorrow.
I'm likely to do that.
I'm likely to feel like doing that tomorrow.
I'm likely to figure out how to do that before long.
I'm likely to forget to do that.
I'm likely to get home late tonight.
I'm likely to get into trouble if I do that.
I'm likely to go to Australia in the spring.
I'm likely to go to Boston in the fall.
I'm likely to have to do that.
I'm likely to kiss Tom.
I'm likely to need to do that.
I'm likely to never do that again.
I'm likely to never do that.
I'm likely to not do that anymore.
I'm likely to regret doing that.
I'm likely to regret doing this.
I'm likely to sleep until noon.
I'm likely to still be doing this tomorrow.
I'm likely to still be in Australia in October.
I'm likely to still be in Australia next year.
I'm likely to still be in Boston on Monday.
I'm likely to win.
I'm liking this feeling.
I'm liking this game.
I'm limited in the amount of rhinestones.
I'm listening here in Brazil.
I'm listening to Bach now.
I'm listening to Bach right now.
I'm listening to Berber music.
I'm listening to Björk's latest song.
I'm listening to Björk's new song.
I'm listening to Celtic music.
I'm listening to Kabyle music.
I'm listening to Lady Gaga's songs.
I'm listening to Lady Gaga.
I'm listening to Rihanna.
I'm listening to a Harry Potter audio book with the Walkman I just bought.
I'm listening to a beautiful song.
I'm listening to a concert.
I'm listening to a new song.
I'm listening to a podcast in French.
I'm listening to a podcast.
I'm listening to a recording of your concert right now.
I'm listening to a song Tom recorded.
I'm listening to a song that Tom recorded.
I'm listening to classical music.
I'm listening to country music.
I'm listening to everything.
I'm listening to her.
I'm listening to music in my room.
I'm listening to music, and you?
I'm listening to music.
I'm listening to music. What about you?
I'm listening to summer songs right now to bring back a taste of summer into my mind.
I'm listening to the crickets chirping.
I'm listening to the music.
I'm listening to the radio.
I'm listening to the record.
I'm listening to the teacher.
I'm listening to this band.
I'm listening to this song.
I'm listening to you.
I'm listening to your heartbeat.
I'm listening without understanding.
I'm listening.
I'm lit!
I'm literally broke.
I'm literally on a treadmill.
I'm literally starving.
I'm literally the kind of person you're attacking.
I'm literate.
I'm little worried about Tom.
I'm little worried about her.
I'm little worried about him.
I'm little worried about them.
I'm little worried about you.
I'm living a lie.
I'm living a mystical experience.
I'm living a nightmare.
I'm living a secular lifestyle.
I'm living alone.
I'm living here now.
I'm living here.
I'm living in Australia now.
I'm living in Australia.
I'm living in Boston at the moment.
I'm living in Boston now.
I'm living in Boston.
I'm living in Germany.
I'm living in Kunming at the moment.
I'm living in Scotland.
I'm living in Tom's house this year while he's in Australia.
I'm living in a luxurious palace.
I'm living in a small house on Park Street.
I'm living in a small town.
I'm living in a sumptuous palace.
I'm living in a town.
I'm living in an adobe house.
I'm living in the city.
I'm living in the town.
I'm living in the village.
I'm living my dream right now.
I'm living my dream.
I'm living near the village.
I'm living on Titan now.
I'm living on welfare, without a car or anything.
I'm living paycheck to paycheck.
I'm living proof that death can be defeated.
I'm living proof that death can be overcome.
I'm living proof that you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm living proof you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm living the American dream.
I'm living the dream.
I'm living the good life.
I'm living the happiest days of my life.
I'm living with an American family.
I'm living with my grandmother and grandfather.
I'm living with my mom now.
I'm living with my parents.
I'm living with my uncle this month.
I'm living with my uncle.
I'm loaded.
I'm loading the laundry into the washing machine.
I'm localising the software.
I'm locked in.
I'm locked out of my car.
I'm locked out of my room.
I'm locked out.
I'm locked.
I'm logging out.
I'm lonely and scared.
I'm lonely without Tom.
I'm lonely without my dog.
I'm lonely without you.
I'm lonely, so I hope you'll come back soon.
I'm lonely, something I've never felt in my life.
I'm lonely.
I'm longing for the spring.
I'm longing for you.
I'm longing to see Tom.
I'm longing to see him.
I'm longing to see my mother.
I'm looking after Jim.
I'm looking after Tom.
I'm looking after children.
I'm looking after myself.
I'm looking after the house.
I'm looking around the shops.
I'm looking around.
I'm looking at a man and a woman.
I'm looking at a pretty picture.
I'm looking at a snake.
I'm looking at my beautiful chickens.
I'm looking at my options.
I'm looking at my reflection in the lake.
I'm looking at that cow.
I'm looking at that flower.
I'm looking at that.
I'm looking at the flower.
I'm looking at the house.
I'm looking at the sky because I like to watch the clouds.
I'm looking at the snake.
I'm looking at the surface of the moon with my telescope, Tom, but I don't see any little green men.
I'm looking at those flowers.
I'm looking at what's on the menu.
I'm looking at you.
I'm looking at your beautiful pictures.
I'm looking closely to see better.
I'm looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
I'm looking for Halloween candy.
I'm looking for Jamal.
I'm looking for Mary. Do you know where she is?
I'm looking for Mary. Have you seen her?
I'm looking for Mary. You don't know where she is, do you?
I'm looking for Mary. You haven't seen her, have you?
I'm looking for Natsuko.
I'm looking for T-shirts.
I'm looking for Tom Jackson's office.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. Do you know where they are?
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. Have you seen them?
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. You don't know where they are, do you?
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. You haven't seen them, have you?
I'm looking for Tom now.
I'm looking for Tom right now.
I'm looking for Tom.
I'm looking for Tom. Do you know where he is?
I'm looking for Tom. Have you seen him?
I'm looking for Tom. You don't know where he is, do you?
I'm looking for Tom. You haven't seen him, have you?
I'm looking for Ziri.
I'm looking for a Berber syllabus.
I'm looking for a French penpal.
I'm looking for a French teacher who is a native speaker.
I'm looking for a Unicode serif font.
I'm looking for a bag for my wife.
I'm looking for a bank. Is there one near here?
I'm looking for a bar.
I'm looking for a bed.
I'm looking for a beige long-sleeved shirt.
I'm looking for a better battery for our computer.
I'm looking for a better deal.
I'm looking for a better way to learn words.
I'm looking for a bilingual partner.
I'm looking for a book about Spain during the Middle Ages.
I'm looking for a book about medieval Spain.
I'm looking for a book of jokes.
I'm looking for a book store.
I'm looking for a book to help me learn French.
I'm looking for a book.
I'm looking for a bookshop.
I'm looking for a butcher shop.
I'm looking for a car.
I'm looking for a cash machine.
I'm looking for a cashmere sweater.
I'm looking for a cashpoint.
I'm looking for a certain old man.
I'm looking for a certain old woman.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel.
I'm looking for a children's book.
I'm looking for a clothes shop.
I'm looking for a clothing store.
I'm looking for a coat in my size.
I'm looking for a coat. I'm short so the length should be on the short side, and as refined a design as possible.
I'm looking for a comfortable apartment, but not too expensive. Something around eight hundred reals.
I'm looking for a doctor who speaks French.
I'm looking for a double room.
I'm looking for a fishmonger.
I'm looking for a flat in the city centre.
I'm looking for a flat in the town centre.
I'm looking for a friend of mine.
I'm looking for a friend.
I'm looking for a full-time job.
I'm looking for a furnished flat close to the main railway station.
I'm looking for a furnished flat in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a furnished flat in the city centre.
I'm looking for a furnished flat in the town centre.
I'm looking for a furnished flat near the main station.
I'm looking for a furnished room in a shared flat close to the university.
I'm looking for a gift for Tom.
I'm looking for a gift for a friend of mine.
I'm looking for a gift for my daughter.
I'm looking for a gift for my father.
I'm looking for a gift for my friend.
I'm looking for a gift for my son.
I'm looking for a gift for my wife.
I'm looking for a good French textbook.
I'm looking for a good coffee pot.
I'm looking for a good computer.
I'm looking for a good hotel.
I'm looking for a good place to pitch my tent.
I'm looking for a good restaurant.
I'm looking for a good word.
I'm looking for a guy named Tom.
I'm looking for a gym suit for my sister.
I'm looking for a hat that goes well with a brown dress.
I'm looking for a hat that matches my brown one piece dress.
I'm looking for a hat to match a brown dress.
I'm looking for a house to rent.
I'm looking for a house.
I'm looking for a jewelry store.
I'm looking for a job for Tom.
I'm looking for a job for my wife.
I'm looking for a job in Australia.
I'm looking for a job in Boston.
I'm looking for a job near my house.
I'm looking for a job that pays better than the one I have now.
I'm looking for a job that pays well.
I'm looking for a job.
I'm looking for a laptop that'll be good for my parents to use.
I'm looking for a leather shoulder bag.
I'm looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish.
I'm looking for a list of high-frequency French words.
I'm looking for a little bit of heaven.
I'm looking for a little peace and quiet.
I'm looking for a man like myself.
I'm looking for a man who is supposed to live here.
I'm looking for a mango to eat.
I'm looking for a native speaker who can help me improve my German.
I'm looking for a native speaker who can help me to improve my German.
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.
I'm looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
I'm looking for a new assistant.
I'm looking for a new hobby.
I'm looking for a new job.
I'm looking for a new place to live.
I'm looking for a new player.
I'm looking for a parking spot.
I'm looking for a part-time job.
I'm looking for a particular product.
I'm looking for a partner.
I'm looking for a pencil.
I'm looking for a perfume to give my wife.
I'm looking for a perfume.
I'm looking for a piece of string.
I'm looking for a place I can stay.
I'm looking for a place to eat.
I'm looking for a place to live.
I'm looking for a place to sit.
I'm looking for a place to sleep.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Boston.
I'm looking for a place to stay.
I'm looking for a place to work out.
I'm looking for a plug.
I'm looking for a power outlet.
I'm looking for a power point.
I'm looking for a present for Tom.
I'm looking for a present for a friend of mine.
I'm looking for a present for a friend.
I'm looking for a present for my mother.
I'm looking for a present for my mother. Do you have anything in mind?
I'm looking for a private tutor to communicate in Japanese.
I'm looking for a program which can open this file.
I'm looking for a program with which I can open these files.
I'm looking for a quiet home.
I'm looking for a room for rent.
I'm looking for a room with two beds.
I'm looking for a room.
I'm looking for a school where I can paint portraits.
I'm looking for a shop where I can buy batteries for my watch.
I'm looking for a silver necklace.
I'm looking for a simpler solution.
I'm looking for a single room.
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
I'm looking for a smartphone with a good camera.
I'm looking for a socket.
I'm looking for a stationery store to buy some ballpoint pens.
I'm looking for a stick.
I'm looking for a sweater.
I'm looking for a tailor to make me a suit for the aunt's party.
I'm looking for a temporary job.
I'm looking for a travel agency.
I'm looking for a wallet.
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
I'm looking for a way out of here.
I'm looking for a way out.
I'm looking for a weapon.
I'm looking for a well-trafficked place, somewhere that draws big crowds. What would you say is the best place to do business in this area?
I'm looking for adventure.
I'm looking for an ATM.
I'm looking for an apartment in the center of town.
I'm looking for an apartment to rent.
I'm looking for an apartment within a five-minute walk from the station.
I'm looking for an assistant.
I'm looking for an easy way to supplement my income.
I'm looking for an easy-to-read manga with furigana.
I'm looking for an engagement ring.
I'm looking for an exit.
I'm looking for an inexpensive hotel.
I'm looking for an old man.
I'm looking for another job.
I'm looking for answers.
I'm looking for audiobooks in Berber.
I'm looking for batteries.
I'm looking for books on Roman history.
I'm looking for books on the history of Rome.
I'm looking for books to help me learn French.
I'm looking for books to learn Greek.
I'm looking for books to learn the Greek language.
I'm looking for crystals; have you seen any?
I'm looking for erotic science fiction novels.
I'm looking for exotic countries for my next book.
I'm looking for food.
I'm looking for full-time employment.
I'm looking for happiness.
I'm looking for her car.
I'm looking for her right now.
I'm looking for her.
I'm looking for him now.
I'm looking for him right now.
I'm looking for him.
I'm looking for his car.
I'm looking for his name on the list.
I'm looking for information about Australia.
I'm looking for information about Boston.
I'm looking for information on the Anderson Antique Shop in London.
I'm looking for inspiration to create new sentences.
I'm looking for it now.
I'm looking for it.
I'm looking for my Berber dictionary.
I'm looking for my French dictionary.
I'm looking for my ID.
I'm looking for my ballpoint pen.
I'm looking for my book.
I'm looking for my boots.
I'm looking for my brother.
I'm looking for my brother. Have you seen him?
I'm looking for my camera.
I'm looking for my car keys.
I'm looking for my car.
I'm looking for my cat.
I'm looking for my cell phone.
I'm looking for my cellphone.
I'm looking for my contact lens.
I'm looking for my dog.
I'm looking for my eyeglasses.
I'm looking for my father.
I'm looking for my friend.
I'm looking for my friends.
I'm looking for my girlfriend.
I'm looking for my glasses.
I'm looking for my gloves.
I'm looking for my hat.
I'm looking for my key.
I'm looking for my keys.
I'm looking for my keys. Have you seen them?
I'm looking for my keys. I might have left them at home.
I'm looking for my laptop.
I'm looking for my mobile phone.
I'm looking for my mobile.
I'm looking for my mother.
I'm looking for my older brother.
I'm looking for my parents.
I'm looking for my passport. Have you seen it?
I'm looking for my pen.
I'm looking for my pencil.
I'm looking for my phone.
I'm looking for my shoes. Have you seen them?
I'm looking for my ticket.
I'm looking for my umbrella.
I'm looking for my wallet. Have you seen it?
I'm looking for my watch.
I'm looking for my wife.
I'm looking for my younger brother.
I'm looking for one of my brothers.
I'm looking for one of my friends.
I'm looking for one of my sisters.
I'm looking for papaya in the marketplace.
I'm looking for peace, not perfection.
I'm looking for people to speak Esperanto with.
I'm looking for postcards. Where are they, please?
I'm looking for reasonably-priced accommodations.
I'm looking for recipes for a chocolate cake without any chocolate.
I'm looking for shoes, my shoe here is in bad shape, I need a new one.
I'm looking for some job or other.
I'm looking for some regular work.
I'm looking for somebody to play chess with.
I'm looking for somebody to teach French to my children.
I'm looking for somebody who speaks French.
I'm looking for somebody who understands French.
I'm looking for somebody.
I'm looking for someone I could fall in love with.
I'm looking for someone else.
I'm looking for someone to create a website.
I'm looking for someone to do my laundry for me.
I'm looking for someone to fall in love with.
I'm looking for someone to give a hand in the office.
I'm looking for someone to help me translate something from French into English.
I'm looking for someone to help me.
I'm looking for someone to mind my son on Saturday.
I'm looking for someone to play chess with.
I'm looking for someone to teach French to my children.
I'm looking for someone to travel to Boston with me.
I'm looking for someone who can babysit on Monday night.
I'm looking for someone who can build me a shed.
I'm looking for someone who can do that for me.
I'm looking for someone who can speak French.
I'm looking for someone who can speak Portuguese.
I'm looking for someone who knows French.
I'm looking for someone who speaks French.
I'm looking for someone who speaks German.
I'm looking for someone who understands French.
I'm looking for someone who will learn English with me.
I'm looking for someone who's done this.
I'm looking for someone with a boat.
I'm looking for someone with whom to learn English.
I'm looking for someone.
I'm looking for something else.
I'm looking for something fresh and different.
I'm looking for something important.
I'm looking for something less expensive.
I'm looking for something to clean the carpet with.
I'm looking for something to eat.
I'm looking for something to vent my anger on.
I'm looking for something.
I'm looking for support to stop smoking.
I'm looking for textbooks on feminist sociology.
I'm looking for that right now.
I'm looking for the Canadian consulate.
I'm looking for the Canadian embassy.
I'm looking for the Hilton Hotel.
I'm looking for the best deal.
I'm looking for the bus station.
I'm looking for the earring that Skura lost.
I'm looking for the emergency exit.
I'm looking for the entrance.
I'm looking for the flour.
I'm looking for the key.
I'm looking for the keys.
I'm looking for the light switch.
I'm looking for the manager.
I'm looking for the people who are running this hotel.
I'm looking for the perfect spot to hang this picture.
I'm looking for the person who did this.
I'm looking for the police station. Can you help me?
I'm looking for the post office.
I'm looking for the railway station.
I'm looking for the remote control. Do you know where it is?
I'm looking for the restroom.
I'm looking for the same thing you are.
I'm looking for the shark that has swallowed my grandfather's dentures.
I'm looking for the station.
I'm looking for the truth.
I'm looking for the way in.
I'm looking for them now.
I'm looking for them right now.
I'm looking for them.
I'm looking for this hotel.
I'm looking for this key.
I'm looking for ways to improve my self-awareness.
I'm looking for ways to save on electricity.
I'm looking for women who want to have fun without commitment.
I'm looking for work, too.
I'm looking for work.
I'm looking for you.
I'm looking for your sister. Where is she?
I'm looking forward to Christmas dinner with all the trimmings.
I'm looking forward to Christmas.
I'm looking forward to Monday.
I'm looking forward to Tom's present.
I'm looking forward to Tom's return.
I'm looking forward to a good match.
I'm looking forward to being in Australia for Christmas.
I'm looking forward to being retired.
I'm looking forward to being there.
I'm looking forward to coming back.
I'm looking forward to coming over to your place to eat.
I'm looking forward to coming to Turkey!
I'm looking forward to competing.
I'm looking forward to doing business with you.
I'm looking forward to doing that with you.
I'm looking forward to doing that.
I'm looking forward to doing this again.
I'm looking forward to getting it done quickly.
I'm looking forward to getting to know Occitania.
I'm looking forward to getting to know you better.
I'm looking forward to getting your letter.
I'm looking forward to going home.
I'm looking forward to going hunting with my father.
I'm looking forward to going on vacation.
I'm looking forward to going sailing with you.
I'm looking forward to going skiing with you.
I'm looking forward to going swimming with you.
I'm looking forward to going to Australia.
I'm looking forward to going to Boston.
I'm looking forward to going to the concert.
I'm looking forward to going to the zoo with you.
I'm looking forward to going to the zoo.
I'm looking forward to good news.
I'm looking forward to having some time off.
I'm looking forward to hearing from Tom.
I'm looking forward to hearing from her.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom has to say about that.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom has to say.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom thinks we should do.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom thinks.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom's opinion is.
I'm looking forward to hearing why you think that we should do that.
I'm looking forward to hearing why you think we should do that.
I'm looking forward to hearing your explanation.
I'm looking forward to his present.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to living in Australia.
I'm looking forward to living in Boston.
I'm looking forward to living there.
I'm looking forward to meeting Tom again.
I'm looking forward to meeting Tom.
I'm looking forward to meeting with you the next time I visit your town.
I'm looking forward to meeting you all after such a long time.
I'm looking forward to meeting you in Australia.
I'm looking forward to meeting you in Japan.
I'm looking forward to meeting you when you come.
I'm looking forward to meeting you.
I'm looking forward to meeting your parents.
I'm looking forward to my birthday.
I'm looking forward to my retirement.
I'm looking forward to next season.
I'm looking forward to next semester.
I'm looking forward to next summer.
I'm looking forward to next week's camping trip.
I'm looking forward to next week.
I'm looking forward to our dinner.
I'm looking forward to our getting together next Sunday.
I'm looking forward to our ski trip.
I'm looking forward to reading Ayako's diary again.
I'm looking forward to receiving a favorable answer from you.
I'm looking forward to receiving letters from you.
I'm looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
I'm looking forward to receiving your reply.
I'm looking forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
I'm looking forward to seeing Tom again.
I'm looking forward to seeing Tom.
I'm looking forward to seeing her again.
I'm looking forward to seeing him.
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
I'm looking forward to seeing the film with her.
I'm looking forward to seeing what you guys do with it.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again before long.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again in Japan.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again in October.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
I'm looking forward to seeing you and your family.
I'm looking forward to seeing you as well.
I'm looking forward to seeing you before long.
I'm looking forward to seeing you dance.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in Australia.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in Boston.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in October.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in a wedding dress.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in your cap and gown.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in your wedding dress.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Monday.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next summer.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.
I'm looking forward to seeing you one of these days.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you this April.
I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
I'm looking forward to seeing your father.
I'm looking forward to serving your company.
I'm looking forward to skiing with you tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to sleeping on a nice soft bed tonight.
I'm looking forward to spending more time with you.
I'm looking forward to spending some time in Australia.
I'm looking forward to spending some time in Boston.
I'm looking forward to spending some time with you.
I'm looking forward to spending time with Tom.
I'm looking forward to spending time with my family.
I'm looking forward to spring immensely.
I'm looking forward to summer vacation.
I'm looking forward to talking with you.
I'm looking forward to that day.
I'm looking forward to that.
I'm looking forward to the New Year holidays.
I'm looking forward to the challenge.
I'm looking forward to the change.
I'm looking forward to the concert.
I'm looking forward to the day that we eat breakfast together.
I'm looking forward to the day when Miss Cobb comes back, I can tell you.
I'm looking forward to the debate.
I'm looking forward to the graduation ceremony.
I'm looking forward to the holiday.
I'm looking forward to the launch.
I'm looking forward to the next month.
I'm looking forward to the next time.
I'm looking forward to the opportunity to do that.
I'm looking forward to the opportunity.
I'm looking forward to the party tonight.
I'm looking forward to the party.
I'm looking forward to the picnic.
I'm looking forward to the return of spring.
I'm looking forward to the snow.
I'm looking forward to the summer break.
I'm looking forward to the summer vacation.
I'm looking forward to the trip.
I'm looking forward to the weekend.
I'm looking forward to the winter break.
I'm looking forward to this afternoon.
I'm looking forward to this evening.
I'm looking forward to this weekend.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow night, since I'm set to go watch a movie with some friends.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow night.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to tonight's party.
I'm looking forward to tonight.
I'm looking forward to touring bookstores in the US.
I'm looking forward to traveling with Tom.
I'm looking forward to visiting Australia once again.
I'm looking forward to visiting Australia.
I'm looking forward to visiting Boston.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom in Australia.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom in Boston.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom.
I'm looking forward to visiting my sister in Boston.
I'm looking forward to visiting my sister in Los Angeles.
I'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
I'm looking forward to visiting your school.
I'm looking forward to watching the movie with her.
I'm looking forward to working with Tom.
I'm looking forward to working with you again.
I'm looking forward to working with you tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to working with you, Jamal.
I'm looking forward to working with you.
I'm looking forward to your Halloween party.
I'm looking forward to your coming to Japan.
I'm looking forward to your letter!
I'm looking forward to your letter.
I'm looking forward to your party.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
I'm looking forward to your support.
I'm looking forward to your visit during summer vacation.
I'm looking forward to your visit during the summer vacation.
I'm looking forward to your visit.
I'm looking forwards to my holiday next week.
I'm looking forwards to your visit next week.
I'm looking into getting one.
I'm looking into it.
I'm looking into that right now.
I'm looking it up right now.
I'm looking out for Tom.
I'm looking out for her.
I'm looking out for him.
I'm looking out for them.
I'm looking out for you.
I'm looking out of the window.
I'm looking out the window right now.
I'm looking out the window.
I'm looking outside, and it's starting to rain.
I'm looking over his report.
I'm looking pretty dapper thanks the haircut my mom gave me the other day.
I'm looking through Tom's report.
I'm looking through his report.
I'm looking to buy a computer chair, but it's hard to decide.
I'm looking to buy a home.
I'm looking towards the future.
I'm looking up at the sky.
I'm looking.
I'm losing blood.
I'm losing brain cells to this, and I like it.
I'm losing business.
I'm losing clients.
I'm losing control.
I'm losing faith in Tom.
I'm losing faith in you.
I'm losing here.
I'm losing interest in my usual activities.
I'm losing it.
I'm losing money.
I'm losing my faith.
I'm losing my grip.
I'm losing my hair.
I'm losing my heart to her.
I'm losing my mind.
I'm losing my passion for modern languages.
I'm losing my patience with you.
I'm losing my patience.
I'm losing my powers.
I'm losing my soul.
I'm losing my teeth. I'm dying by bits.
I'm losing my temper.
I'm losing patience with everything.
I'm losing patience.
I'm losing the meaning of life right before my eyes.
I'm losing track of the days.
I'm losing visual contact with you.
I'm losing weight.
I'm losing.
I'm lost and I don't have a city map.
I'm lost for words.
I'm lost in my own head.
I'm lost underground again.
I'm lost without my computer.
I'm lost!
I'm lost, I'm afraid.
I'm lost.
I'm lost. Can you help me, please?
I'm lost. Can you help me?
I'm lost. Can you please help me?
I'm lost. Could you direct me to the station?
I'm lost. Could you please help me?
I'm lost; can you please help me?
I'm lousy at golf.
I'm loved by my grandparents.
I'm loved by my parents.
I'm loved.
I'm loving Tom's enthusiasm.
I'm loving it.
I'm loving the damask, Mary.
I'm loving this espresso machine.
I'm loving this new trend of ripped jeans.
I'm loving this.
I'm low on cash right now.
I'm loyal.
I'm lucky I can do that.
I'm lucky I can still do that.
I'm lucky I was able to do that.
I'm lucky I'm alive.
I'm lucky I'm still able to do that.
I'm lucky I'm still allowed to do that.
I'm lucky enough to have a home gym.
I'm lucky no one saw me do that.
I'm lucky nobody saw me do that.
I'm lucky that I can do that.
I'm lucky that I can still do that.
I'm lucky that I was able to do that.
I'm lucky that I'm still able to do that.
I'm lucky that I'm still allowed to do that.
I'm lucky that no one saw me do that.
I'm lucky that nobody saw me do that.
I'm lucky that they still allow me to do that.
I'm lucky that they still let me do that.
I'm lucky they still allow me to do that.
I'm lucky they still let me do that.
I'm lucky to be alive.
I'm lucky to be here.
I'm lucky to do what I like to do every day.
I'm lucky to have Mary as my best friend.
I'm lucky to have a job.
I'm lucky to have good friends.
I'm lucky to have had good teachers.
I'm lucky to have her as my best friend.
I'm lucky to have her.
I'm lucky to have sincere friends.
I'm lucky to have so many friends.
I'm lucky to have some savings I can use at a time like this, but I know that a lot of people don't.
I'm lucky to have some savings I can use at a time like this.
I'm lucky to have some savings.
I'm lucky to have survived that year for multiple reasons.
I'm lucky to have this one.
I'm lucky to have this.
I'm lucky to have you as a friend.
I'm lucky to have you as friends.
I'm lucky to still be able to do that.
I'm lucky today.
I'm lucky, aren't I?
I'm lucky.
I'm lusting after her.
I'm lusting after him.
I'm lying in bed wide awake.
I'm lying in bed with a killer hangover.
I'm lying in the shade.
I'm lying now.
I'm lying on my bed.
I'm lying on the grass.
I'm lying sideways.
I'm lying.
I'm mad about football.
I'm mad about lasagne.
I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
I'm mad as shit.
I'm mad at Tom for doing that.
I'm mad at Tom.
I'm mad at both of you.
I'm mad at her.
I'm mad at him.
I'm mad at myself for following Tom's stupid advice.
I'm mad at myself.
I'm mad at them.
I'm mad at you and Tom.
I'm mad at you.
I'm mad with joy!
I'm mad.
I'm mad. You're mad. We're all mad.
I'm made from recycled plastic. Please reuse or recycle me!
I'm made up about it.
I'm majoring in American history at college.
I'm majoring in American history at university.
I'm majoring in French.
I'm majoring in cognitive science in college.
I'm majoring in cognitive science.
I'm majoring in criminology.
I'm majoring in economics.
I'm majoring in electrical engineering.
I'm majoring in history.
I'm majoring in medicine.
I'm majoring in sociology.
I'm making Kabyle couscous.
I'm making Tom a Halloween costume.
I'm making a birdhouse.
I'm making a butterfly with rhinestones.
I'm making a chocolate babka.
I'm making a couple of sandwiches for us.
I'm making a documentary.
I'm making a doll for Anna.
I'm making a film.
I'm making a fire.
I'm making a fool of myself.
I'm making a fruit salad.
I'm making a good living.
I'm making a last minute effort.
I'm making a list.
I'm making a lot more money now.
I'm making a movie.
I'm making a paper aeroplane.
I'm making a paper airplane.
I'm making a poster for my biomedical science class.
I'm making a red sauce.
I'm making a snowman.
I'm making a suggestion.
I'm making a wish for you.
I'm making about four times as much myself as when I first hired Tony.
I'm making an altar bread for the church.
I'm making an appointment for my daughter.
I'm making an egg yellows omelet. Do you want some?
I'm making breakfast now.
I'm making breakfast.
I'm making brownies with Tom.
I'm making butter.
I'm making caramel for the cake.
I'm making changes.
I'm making chili.
I'm making coffee.
I'm making cookies.
I'm making dessert.
I'm making dinner.
I'm making everything in my power to make his memory live and to keep his memory alive so that he'll be remembered for next generations to come.
I'm making far journeys, seeing foreign countries, doing things I never did before.
I'm making fudge.
I'm making good money.
I'm making good progress.
I'm making guacamole.
I'm making house repairs.
I'm making it worse for myself.
I'm making it.
I'm making lasagna.
I'm making lunch.
I'm making my own language, and none of you are invited to learn it!
I'm making my therapist's head turn right now.
I'm making myself a coffee.
I'm making myself a sandwich. Do you want one, too?
I'm making myself a sandwich. I'll make you one, too, if you want one.
I'm making myself a sandwich. Would you like me to make one for you, too?
I'm making myself something to eat.
I'm making no predictions.
I'm making pancakes.
I'm making pizza tonight, so when you go to the store, make sure you buy pepperoni, tomatoes, bell peppers, and all that jazz.
I'm making popcorn.
I'm making popcorn. Do you want some?
I'm making progress.
I'm making scrambled eggs.
I'm making sea buckthorn jam.
I'm making some changes.
I'm making some food to take to work.
I'm making soup.
I'm making spaghetti sauce.
I'm making tea.
I'm making too many mistakes.
I'm making us a couple of sandwiches.
I'm making vegan toffee.
I'm making vegetable soup.
I'm making waffles.
I'm managing scraping along on a small salary.
I'm managing.
I'm manipulative.
I'm married and I have a daughter.
I'm married and I have children.
I'm married and have three children.
I'm married now.
I'm married to Laurie.
I'm married to Lori.
I'm married to Tom.
I'm married to a Canadian woman.
I'm married to a Canadian.
I'm married to a French teacher.
I'm married to a lawyer.
I'm married to a lovely Algerian rose.
I'm married to a native French speaker.
I'm married to a nurse.
I'm married to her.
I'm married to him.
I'm married to my job.
I'm married, girls, sorry.
I'm married, you're married, let's get married!
I'm married.
I'm marrying my best friend.
I'm marrying the prettiest girl around.
I'm materialistic.
I'm mathematically oriented.
I'm mature.
I'm me.
I'm mean.
I'm meant to be alone.
I'm meant to be much more than what I've become.
I'm mediocre at tennis.
I'm meditating in the forest.
I'm meditating.
I'm meeting Skura's friends for dinner tomorrow night.
I'm meeting Tom around midday for coffee.
I'm meeting Tom at 2:30.
I'm meeting Tom at noon for lunch.
I'm meeting Tom at the airport at 2:30.
I'm meeting Tom at the station at 2:30.
I'm meeting Tom downstairs in a few minutes.
I'm meeting Tom for breakfast.
I'm meeting Tom for brunch.
I'm meeting Tom for dinner.
I'm meeting Tom for dinner. Do want to come?
I'm meeting Tom for lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I'm meeting Tom for lunch at a restaurant on Park Street.
I'm meeting Tom for lunch.
I'm meeting Tom in an hour.
I'm meeting Tom in ten minutes.
I'm meeting Tom next Monday.
I'm meeting Tom this afternoon.
I'm meeting Tom this evening.
I'm meeting Tom tonight.
I'm meeting Tom's parents tonight.
I'm meeting a buddy tomorrow who's arriving from France.
I'm meeting a friend after school.
I'm meeting a friend of mine at the store.
I'm meeting a friend this evening.
I'm meeting her for breakfast.
I'm meeting her for dinner.
I'm meeting her in an hour.
I'm meeting her in ten minutes.
I'm meeting her next Monday.
I'm meeting her this evening.
I'm meeting him for breakfast.
I'm meeting him for dinner.
I'm meeting him in an hour.
I'm meeting him in ten minutes.
I'm meeting him next Monday.
I'm meeting him on Friday.
I'm meeting him this evening.
I'm meeting someone for dinner.
I'm meeting someone later.
I'm meeting the professor at 1:30 p.m.
I'm meeting them for breakfast.
I'm meeting them for dinner.
I'm meeting them in an hour.
I'm meeting them in ten minutes.
I'm meeting them next Monday.
I'm meeting up with William later today to catch up on old times.
I'm meeting up with an old friend for lunch.
I'm meeting with Tom tonight.
I'm meeting with her.
I'm melancholic.
I'm memorizing the periodic table.
I'm mentally tired.
I'm mentally unstable.
I'm merciless.
I'm merely being a little more circumspect.
I'm messy.
I'm methodical.
I'm meticulous.
I'm middle class.
I'm milking my goat.
I'm mincing my words.
I'm miserable here.
I'm miserable when you aren't here.
I'm miserable when you're not here.
I'm miserable whenever I do that.
I'm miserable.
I'm missing a book!
I'm missing a button.
I'm missing a sock.
I'm missing home.
I'm missing one.
I'm missing something.
I'm missing three years of memories.
I'm missing you more than ever.
I'm missing you.
I'm mistaken.
I'm misunderstood.
I'm monitoring everything.
I'm mopping my room.
I'm more afraid of Tom than I am of Mary.
I'm more afraid of them than I am of you.
I'm more attractive than a sticky can of Coke in the trash is to a wasp in July.
I'm more beautiful than you.
I'm more comfortable now.
I'm more concerned about how Fadil is.
I'm more confident now.
I'm more confused than before.
I'm more confused than you.
I'm more content now than I was then.
I'm more exhausted than you could possibly understand.
I'm more experienced than Tom.
I'm more experienced than you are.
I'm more familiar with him.
I'm more famous.
I'm more handsome than you.
I'm more in love with you.
I'm more interested in practical matters.
I'm more interested in sex than in romance.
I'm more interested in speaking French.
I'm more interested in spoken English.
I'm more interested in spoken French than in written French.
I'm more interested in spoken French.
I'm more interested in the present.
I'm more interested in today.
I'm more lost than a son of a bitch on Father's Day.
I'm more mad than sad.
I'm more motivated now.
I'm more motivated than ever.
I'm more of a city person.
I'm more of a woman than you are, even if I wasn't born one.
I'm more of an oldies kind of girl.
I'm more optimistic about our prospects now.
I'm more predisposed to helping people I don't know, compared to those I do. Maybe it's because I want praise and recognition, and I take for granted that I'll get that praise from the people I know even if I do nothing for them.
I'm more productive during late hours.
I'm more relaxed today.
I'm more than OK with that.
I'm more than a friend.
I'm more than a little scared.
I'm more than a politician; I represent the public.
I'm more than grateful to you for your help.
I'm more than happy to help.
I'm more than happy.
I'm more than just a pretty face.
I'm more than just a singer.
I'm more than meets the eye.
I'm more than proud to be part of this team.
I'm more than satisfied.
I'm more than sympathetic towards Israel.
I'm more than willing to do that.
I'm more than willing to help you.
I'm more than willing to help.
I'm more than willing to put it behind me.
I'm more used to doing this now, so it's become easier.
I'm more worried about Mary now.
I'm more worried about Tom now.
I'm more worried about you than about the future of Japan.
I'm more worried than Tom is.
I'm most dangerous at night.
I'm most definitely not straight and I find the insinuation insulting.
I'm most definitely not straight.
I'm most skilled at showing the way forward for others.
I'm motivated now.
I'm motivated to do that.
I'm motivated.
I'm moved.
I'm moving across the country.
I'm moving as fast as I can.
I'm moving away to Boston.
I'm moving back home.
I'm moving back in with my parents next month.
I'm moving back to Australia after I graduate.
I'm moving back to Australia.
I'm moving back to Boston after I graduate.
I'm moving back to Boston.
I'm moving in with Tom.
I'm moving in with her.
I'm moving in with him.
I'm moving in.
I'm moving into Tom's old house.
I'm moving into a new flat tomorrow.
I'm moving next month.
I'm moving on.
I'm moving out next month.
I'm moving out next week.
I'm moving out.
I'm moving past my trauma.
I'm moving soon.
I'm moving the rock.
I'm moving to Africa this month.
I'm moving to Algiers for good.
I'm moving to Algiers.
I'm moving to Australia next summer.
I'm moving to Australia.
I'm moving to Boston next summer.
I'm moving to Boston.
I'm moving to Kabylie next week.
I'm moving to Kabylie, Algeria, this summer.
I'm moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm moving to Kabylie.
I'm moving to Vienna in two weeks.
I'm moving to another country.
I'm moving to the village.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my belongings.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my things.
I'm moving.
I'm much better at French than Tom and Mary are.
I'm much better at French than Tom is.
I'm much better at French than Tom.
I'm much better at French than you are.
I'm much better at French than you.
I'm much better at reading French than Tom and Mary are.
I'm much better at reading French than Tom is.
I'm much better at reading French than Tom.
I'm much better now after seeing you.
I'm much better now.
I'm much better than before.
I'm much better today than I was yesterday.
I'm much better today than yesterday.
I'm much braver than Tom.
I'm much busier today than I was yesterday.
I'm much calmer today.
I'm much happier wasting time looking at a handsome woman than a pretty one.
I'm much heavier than you.
I'm much less likely to win her favors than you are.
I'm much less religious than my parents.
I'm much more experienced than you are.
I'm much more motivated now.
I'm much more productive when I get up early in the morning.
I'm much more relaxed driving during the off-peak hours, when the streets are empty.
I'm much obliged to you for your kindness.
I'm much obliged to you.
I'm much older than Tom.
I'm much older than you are.
I'm much older than you think I am.
I'm much older than you.
I'm much richer now than I was then.
I'm much stronger now.
I'm much stronger than you are.
I'm much stronger.
I'm much taller than Tom.
I'm much younger than Tom is.
I'm much younger than Tom.
I'm much younger than you.
I'm mulatto.
I'm multitasking.
I'm mumbling.
I'm mute.
I'm muted in the chat.
I'm my gran's only granddaughter.
I'm my nan's only granddaughter.
I'm my own boss.
I'm my own grandfather.
I'm my own worst critic.
I'm my own worst enemy sometimes.
I'm my own worst enemy.
I'm naive.
I'm naked right now.
I'm naked.
I'm named after my ancestor.
I'm named after my father.
I'm named after my grandfather.
I'm named after my grandmother.
I'm named after my late grandfather.
I'm named after my late grandmother.
I'm named after my uncle.
I'm named after one of my ancestors.
I'm named after your grandfather.
I'm naturally inclined to be indecisive.
I'm nauseous.
I'm near the on ramp to 25 north.
I'm near the station.
I'm near the train station.
I'm near-sighted, so I can't make out what is written on that signboard.
I'm near-sighted, so I can't read that sign.
I'm nearby.
I'm nearly 5'11".
I'm nearly blind.
I'm nearly finished.
I'm nearly ready.
I'm nearsighted.
I'm neat.
I'm neck-deep in debt.
I'm needed here.
I'm needy.
I'm negative.
I'm neither alive nor dead.
I'm neither an Athenian nor a Greek.
I'm neither optimistic nor pessimistic.
I'm neither rich nor famous.
I'm neither rich not famous.
I'm nervous and excited.
I'm nervous and scared.
I'm nervous because he's not there.
I'm nervous enough already.
I'm nervous now.
I'm nervous when speaking in another language.
I'm nervous whenever I do that.
I'm nervous, but I don't think I'm as nervous as Tom is.
I'm nervous, too.
I'm nervous.
I'm neutral.
I'm never afraid of conflict.
I'm never afraid to pick up a fight with someone else.
I'm never alone, unless I choose to be.
I'm never angry without reason.
I'm never angry.
I'm never as happy as when I'm alone.
I'm never at home on Sundays.
I'm never bored.
I'm never busy on weekends.
I'm never busy.
I'm never coming back here again.
I'm never coming back here.
I'm never coming back to Australia again.
I'm never coming back to Boston again.
I'm never coming back.
I'm never coming to the beach with you again.
I'm never doing that again.
I'm never eating here again.
I'm never free from worry about my son. Nowadays, he does nothing but play video games, and never studies at all.
I'm never free on Mondays.
I'm never getting married.
I'm never going back there.
I'm never going back to Australia.
I'm never going back to Boston.
I'm never going back.
I'm never going home.
I'm never going out with Mary again.
I'm never going to Australia again.
I'm never going to Australia.
I'm never going to Boston again.
I'm never going to Boston.
I'm never going to allow you to do that again.
I'm never going to amount to anything.
I'm never going to be able to do that again.
I'm never going to be able to do that by myself.
I'm never going to be able to do that without help.
I'm never going to be able to do that without some help.
I'm never going to be able to do that without your help.
I'm never going to be able to do that.
I'm never going to be able to do this without your help.
I'm never going to be able to do this.
I'm never going to be able to face Tom again.
I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I'm never going to be like Mary. Why can't you just accept that?
I'm never going to come here again.
I'm never going to complain about that again.
I'm never going to do that again.
I'm never going to do that.
I'm never going to do this again.
I'm never going to do what you're asking me to do.
I'm never going to drink again.
I'm never going to figure this out.
I'm never going to forgive Tom for doing that.
I'm never going to forgive Tom.
I'm never going to get married.
I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I'm never going to get the hang of this.
I'm never going to get this.
I'm never going to give up trying.
I'm never going to give up.
I'm never going to give you up.
I'm never going to go anywhere.
I'm never going to have kids.
I'm never going to have to do that.
I'm never going to have to talk to Tom again.
I'm never going to leave you again.
I'm never going to leave you.
I'm never going to let Tom forget that.
I'm never going to let you do that again.
I'm never going to let you do that.
I'm never going to let you drive.
I'm never going to let you forget it.
I'm never going to let you go to Australia by yourself.
I'm never going to let you go to Boston by yourself.
I'm never going to let you go.
I'm never going to love you.
I'm never going to make it on time.
I'm never going to make it.
I'm never going to permit you to do that again.
I'm never going to permit you to do that.
I'm never going to promote Tom.
I'm never going to quit.
I'm never going to race again.
I'm never going to see Tom again.
I'm never going to speak to you again.
I'm never going to stop being mad at Tom.
I'm never going to stop loving you.
I'm never going to take your advice on pairing cheese.
I'm never going to talk to Tom again.
I'm never going to talk to you again about my granddaughter.
I'm never going to talk to you again about my nieces.
I'm never going to the beach with Tom again.
I'm never going to trust Tom again.
I'm never going to trust you again.
I'm never going to understand this.
I'm never going to understand why Tom wants to do that.
I'm never going to wear these shoes again.
I'm never gonna give you up.
I'm never gonna intentionally get drunk.
I'm never gonna let her live that down.
I'm never happier than when I'm by myself.
I'm never happy with myself, with the results I get.
I'm never helping you again.
I'm never here in the morning.
I'm never here.
I'm never home alone.
I'm never home.
I'm never hungry.
I'm never in a hurry.
I'm never invited to parties.
I'm never late for anything.
I'm never late for class.
I'm never late for school.
I'm never late to meetings.
I'm never late.
I'm never not hungry.
I'm never returning.
I'm never right.
I'm never satisfied.
I'm never sick.
I'm never so happy as when I'm in my garden.
I'm never sure of anything.
I'm never taking you fishing again.
I'm never talking to you about my female friends again.
I'm never talking to you about my girlfriends again.
I'm never talking with you about my grandchildren again.
I'm never there.
I'm never too busy for you.
I'm never wearing these shoes again.
I'm never wrong.
I'm new around here.
I'm new at this kind of work.
I'm new at this.
I'm new here.
I'm new in town.
I'm new on this platform and I'm learning how to use it right now.
I'm new to Boston.
I'm new to the job.
I'm new to the neighborhood.
I'm new to the team.
I'm new to the village.
I'm new to this team.
I'm new to this.
I'm new.
I'm next in line.
I'm next on the list, sir.
I'm next.
I'm nice to Tom.
I'm nice to him.
I'm nice.
I'm nicely combed and shaved.
I'm nicer than Tom, aren't I?
I'm nicer than Tom.
I'm nine years old.
I'm no angel.
I'm no better at cooking than my mother.
I'm no better at swimming than I am at running.
I'm no better than a beggar.
I'm no better than anyone else.
I'm no betting man, but I'd take that wager.
I'm no bleeding-heart liberal.
I'm no busier than usual.
I'm no chickenshit.
I'm no coward.
I'm no different from any other father.
I'm no different from any other mother.
I'm no different than you are in that respect.
I'm no different than you.
I'm no different.
I'm no dummy.
I'm no exception either.
I'm no exception.
I'm no expert.
I'm no fool.
I'm no friend of yours.
I'm no genius.
I'm no good at dancing.
I'm no good at keeping an early rising routine.
I'm no good at knitting.
I'm no good at maths.
I'm no good at rock-paper-scissors. I wonder if there's some sort of winning strategy to it.
I'm no good at sport myself, but my little sister's among the best tennis players in the school.
I'm no good at the log equations in this workbook.
I'm no good for you.
I'm no good.
I'm no guest.
I'm no hero.
I'm no industrial tycoon.
I'm no judge of art.
I'm no jurist, but I would think that was unconstitutional.
I'm no leader.
I'm no less of a sinner than you.
I'm no liar.
I'm no longer a beginner in English. I'm an advanced learner.
I'm no longer a beginner.
I'm no longer a child.
I'm no longer a man, but a monster!
I'm no longer a rookie.
I'm no longer a teacher.
I'm no longer able to do that.
I'm no longer afraid of Tom.
I'm no longer afraid of dogs.
I'm no longer afraid of her.
I'm no longer afraid of him.
I'm no longer afraid of snakes.
I'm no longer afraid of spiders.
I'm no longer afraid of them.
I'm no longer afraid of you.
I'm no longer afraid.
I'm no longer alone.
I'm no longer an ordinary person.
I'm no longer angry at Tom anymore.
I'm no longer angry at Tom.
I'm no longer angry at you.
I'm no longer as optimistic as I once was.
I'm no longer attracted to you.
I'm no longer bored.
I'm no longer depressed.
I'm no longer friends with Tom.
I'm no longer groggy.
I'm no longer homeless.
I'm no longer hungry.
I'm no longer ill.
I'm no longer in Australia.
I'm no longer in Boston.
I'm no longer inspired.
I'm no longer interested in hearing your falsehoods.
I'm no longer interested in you.
I'm no longer listening.
I'm no longer living in Australia.
I'm no longer living in Boston.
I'm no longer living in Kabylie.
I'm no longer married to Mary.
I'm no longer married to Tom.
I'm no longer married.
I'm no longer needed here.
I'm no longer on a diet.
I'm no longer passionate about my work.
I'm no longer planning on doing that.
I'm no longer planning to do that.
I'm no longer quite sure what the question is, but I do know that the answer is yes.
I'm no longer sleepy.
I'm no longer starving.
I'm no longer studying French.
I'm no longer sure I love you.
I'm no longer surprised by anything Tom does.
I'm no longer surprised by anything that Tom does.
I'm no longer surprised by anything.
I'm no longer surrounded by Berber as much as I used to.
I'm no longer the little child that you need to pamper all the time.
I'm no longer the same.
I'm no longer tired.
I'm no longer who I used to be.
I'm no longer working for Tom.
I'm no longer working for her.
I'm no longer working for him.
I'm no longer working for them.
I'm no longer worried.
I'm no longer your assistant.
I'm no looker.
I'm no match for Tom.
I'm no match for her in cooking.
I'm no match for him when it comes to playing the piano.
I'm no match for you.
I'm no match for your smile.
I'm no messiah.
I'm no misogynist, but were I so then I'd surely exempt you.
I'm no more an artist than you are.
I'm no more diligent than he is.
I'm no one special.
I'm no one's boyfriend.
I'm no one's girlfriend.
I'm no one's wife.
I'm no ordinary woman.
I'm no patriot.
I'm no quitter.
I'm no rebel.
I'm no richer than Tom.
I'm no saint.
I'm no scapegoat to take it lying down.
I'm no scientist.
I'm no singer.
I'm no slouch on the dance floor.
I'm no stranger to pain.
I'm no stranger to suffering.
I'm no use to anyone.
I'm nobody's doormat.
I'm nobody's enemy.
I'm nobody's friend.
I'm nobody's slave.
I'm non-binary and I use both he/him and she/her pronouns.
I'm non-binary.
I'm nonbinary.
I'm none the wiser for his explanation.
I'm normal.
I'm normally on time.
I'm not 100% certain on that.
I'm not 100% confident with this translation, but it's pretty close.
I'm not 100% sure about that.
I'm not 150 cm.
I'm not 30 anymore.
I'm not Algerian.
I'm not Amish.
I'm not Anna, I'm Carmen.
I'm not Australian, but I love Vegemite.
I'm not Baha'i.
I'm not Berber and I cannot pronounce Berber words.
I'm not Berber.
I'm not Brazilian.
I'm not Canadian, but my father is.
I'm not Canadian, but my parents are.
I'm not Canadian.
I'm not Canadian. I'm Japanese.
I'm not Canadian; I'm from Australia.
I'm not Catholic.
I'm not Chinese.
I'm not Christ.
I'm not Daphnis' father.
I'm not Darth Vader.
I'm not English.
I'm not Finnish.
I'm not German.
I'm not God.
I'm not Hungarian.
I'm not Indian.
I'm not Irish.
I'm not Italian.
I'm not Japanese and I don't give a fuck about your Japanese etiquette.
I'm not Jewish, but my father is.
I'm not Kurdish.
I'm not Magyar.
I'm not Mark.
I'm not Mary's boyfriend.
I'm not Mary's boyfriend. I'm just a friend.
I'm not Mary's brother. I'm her boyfriend.
I'm not Mary's husband.
I'm not Mary's type.
I'm not Mary's wife.
I'm not OK with that.
I'm not OK with this change.
I'm not OK with this.
I'm not OK.
I'm not Ojibwe. I'm Lakota.
I'm not Swiss.
I'm not Tom's brother.
I'm not Tom's date.
I'm not Tom's father.
I'm not Tom's girlfriend.
I'm not Tom's girlfriend. I'm just a friend.
I'm not Tom's husband.
I'm not Tom's mom. I'm his aunt.
I'm not Tom's mother.
I'm not Tom's sister.
I'm not Tom's slave.
I'm not Tom's type, and he isn't my type.
I'm not Tom's type, and he's not my type.
I'm not Tom's type.
I'm not Tom's wife.
I'm not Tom, and you're not Mary.
I'm not Tom, though I do resemble him somewhat.
I'm not Tom.
I'm not Tom. I'm John.
I'm not Tunisian. I'm Algerian.
I'm not Tunisian. I'm Egyptian.
I'm not Uyghur. I'm Russian.
I'm not a Berber speaker.
I'm not a Bolshevik, but I know quite a few.
I'm not a Canadian citizen.
I'm not a Canadian.
I'm not a Christian. I'm a Muslim.
I'm not a Coke person.
I'm not a French teacher.
I'm not a Golden Dawn supporter.
I'm not a Liechtensteiner, but a Swiss.
I'm not a Luddite.
I'm not a Maoist.
I'm not a Muslim and I'm talking about this from an outside perspective.
I'm not a Muslim and so I have no obligation to observe the fast but as long as I'm living in the same apartment having consideration for such a custom is important.
I'm not a Muslim, but I like mosques.
I'm not a Nazi!
I'm not a Roman Catholic.
I'm not a US citizen.
I'm not a baby anymore!
I'm not a baby anymore.
I'm not a baby, you know!
I'm not a baby.
I'm not a babysitter.
I'm not a bachelor anymore.
I'm not a bad actor.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad kid.
I'm not a bad mother, just a busy one.
I'm not a bad person.
I'm not a bad student.
I'm not a bandwagoner.
I'm not a barbarian.
I'm not a barber.
I'm not a bartender.
I'm not a beggar.
I'm not a beginner, you know.
I'm not a beginner.
I'm not a believer and an atheist either.
I'm not a believer in miracles.
I'm not a believer of voodoo.
I'm not a believer.
I'm not a big TV watcher.
I'm not a big beer drinker.
I'm not a big drinker.
I'm not a big fan of Tom's.
I'm not a big fan of Tom.
I'm not a big fan of basketball.
I'm not a big fan of blueberry pancakes.
I'm not a big fan of exams.
I'm not a big fan of his.
I'm not a big fan of jam.
I'm not a big fan of snacking.
I'm not a big fan of these sorts of things.
I'm not a big fan of this show, but I know I'm not the target demographic.
I'm not a big fan.
I'm not a big letter writer.
I'm not a big spender.
I'm not a big supporter of the radio.
I'm not a bigot.
I'm not a bird, though I'd like to be one.
I'm not a bit angry.
I'm not a bit interested in chemistry.
I'm not a bit scared.
I'm not a bit surprised.
I'm not a bit tired.
I'm not a bot.
I'm not a boy anymore.
I'm not a boy.
I'm not a boy. I'm a girl.
I'm not a boy. I'm a man.
I'm not a brat.
I'm not a bully.
I'm not a businessman.
I'm not a butcher.
I'm not a butler.
I'm not a candidate.
I'm not a carpenter, but my father is.
I'm not a carpenter. I'm a plumber.
I'm not a cat lover.
I'm not a cat person.
I'm not a cat.
I'm not a cat. I'm a fox.
I'm not a celebrity.
I'm not a centrist.
I'm not a chauffeur anymore.
I'm not a chauffeur.
I'm not a chemical engineer.
I'm not a child any longer.
I'm not a child anymore.
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.
I'm not a child.
I'm not a child. Don't talk to me like I am.
I'm not a choreographer, but I'd like to be.
I'm not a clone.
I'm not a clown.
I'm not a club member.
I'm not a comedian.
I'm not a communist.
I'm not a communist. In fact... wait, what's a communist again? Oh. Yeah, that's totally me.
I'm not a complete idiot. Can't you see that I've lost my head?
I'm not a computer person.
I'm not a con artist.
I'm not a connoisseur.
I'm not a conservative.
I'm not a cook.
I'm not a cop anymore.
I'm not a cop, all right?
I'm not a cop.
I'm not a cop. I promise.
I'm not a counselor.
I'm not a countess.
I'm not a coward like you.
I'm not a coward, but I'm not stupid either.
I'm not a coward.
I'm not a crackpot.
I'm not a creative enough person.
I'm not a creature of habit.
I'm not a criminal.
I'm not a cripple.
I'm not a crook.
I'm not a crybaby.
I'm not a customer. I work here.
I'm not a dairy farmer.
I'm not a deadbeat.
I'm not a demon.
I'm not a descendant of slaves. I'm a descendant of human beings who were forced into slavery.
I'm not a detective anymore.
I'm not a detective.
I'm not a dictator.
I'm not a different woman because of breast cancer.
I'm not a diplomat.
I'm not a disbeliever.
I'm not a doctor yet.
I'm not a doctor, and you're not my patient.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm not a doctor. I'm a nurse.
I'm not a doctor. I'm just a nurse.
I'm not a dog lover.
I'm not a dog.
I'm not a doll.
I'm not a dope.
I'm not a drug addict.
I'm not a drug dealer.
I'm not a drunk.
I'm not a duck.
I'm not a dwarf.
I'm not a fan of Kim Kardashian.
I'm not a fan of Ugg boots.
I'm not a fan of action movies.
I'm not a fan of centrism.
I'm not a fan of comic books.
I'm not a fan of computer games.
I'm not a fan of conservatism.
I'm not a fan of environmentalists.
I'm not a fan of horror movies.
I'm not a fan of keeping things the way they are.
I'm not a fan of liberalism.
I'm not a fan of libertarianism.
I'm not a fan of movies with a lot of special effects.
I'm not a fan of observing Shrovetide for three days, but I greatly enjoy the opportunity to eat pancakes on the final day.
I'm not a fan of oral sex with men.
I'm not a fan of pacifism.
I'm not a fan of postmodernism.
I'm not a fan of public displays of affection.
I'm not a fan of socialism.
I'm not a fan of surprise visits.
I'm not a fan of that band anymore.
I'm not a fan of that guy.
I'm not a fan of that maniac.
I'm not a fan of the "it's popular right now, so let's do it" kind of attitude.
I'm not a fan of the choreography.
I'm not a fan of yours.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fanatic.
I'm not a fanboy.
I'm not a fangirl.
I'm not a farmer.
I'm not a fascist.
I'm not a feminist.
I'm not a fighter.
I'm not a financial expert.
I'm not a fireman.
I'm not a firm believer.
I'm not a fish.
I'm not a fluent speaker of French.
I'm not a fool.
I'm not a foreigner.
I'm not a freak!
I'm not a freak.
I'm not a frog.
I'm not a furry!
I'm not a gambler.
I'm not a gangster.
I'm not a geek.
I'm not a genius.
I'm not a ghost-writer, I'm the ghost of a deceased writer.
I'm not a ghost.
I'm not a ghost. I'm alive.
I'm not a girl anymore.
I'm not a girl.
I'm not a golfer.
I'm not a good French speaker.
I'm not a good French teacher.
I'm not a good actor.
I'm not a good artist.
I'm not a good beachcomber. I only pick up pieces of broken glass where others collect coins and things.
I'm not a good carpenter.
I'm not a good chess player.
I'm not a good cook.
I'm not a good driver.
I'm not a good enough swimmer to swim across the river.
I'm not a good father.
I'm not a good fit for this neighborhood.
I'm not a good guitarist.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good kid.
I'm not a good liar.
I'm not a good loser.
I'm not a good man.
I'm not a good mother.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a good photographer.
I'm not a good runner.
I'm not a good shot.
I'm not a good singer, but I enjoy singing.
I'm not a good singer, but I like to sing.
I'm not a good singer, so I'm going to practice.
I'm not a good singer.
I'm not a good swimmer.
I'm not a good teacher.
I'm not a good tennis player.
I'm not a good writer.
I'm not a grandfather yet.
I'm not a grandmother yet.
I'm not a great carpenter.
I'm not a great fan of horror movies at all.
I'm not a great photographer.
I'm not a great singer.
I'm not a great speaker.
I'm not a great swimmer.
I'm not a greedy person.
I'm not a grownup.
I'm not a guitarist, but I know quite a few.
I'm not a gullible person.
I'm not a guy.
I'm not a guy. I'm a girl.
I'm not a handyman.
I'm not a happy camper.
I'm not a hard working person.
I'm not a heretic.
I'm not a hero.
I'm not a hippie!
I'm not a hipster.
I'm not a house nigger.
I'm not a house slave and I'm not going to be "kept in line."
I'm not a huge fan of salads, but I'll make an exception for Benedito's.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human.
I'm not a hundred per cent sure.
I'm not a hundred percent certain.
I'm not a hundred percent sure.
I'm not a hundred percent wrong.
I'm not a hunter.
I'm not a hypocrite.
I'm not a jealous person.
I'm not a journalist.
I'm not a junior high school student.
I'm not a kangaroo.
I'm not a kid anymore.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a killer.
I'm not a lab rat.
I'm not a lady.
I'm not a lawyer.
I'm not a lazy person.
I'm not a leader.
I'm not a lesbian.
I'm not a liar.
I'm not a libertarian socialist.
I'm not a linguist, but I've known plenty.
I'm not a linguist. I'm a psychologist.
I'm not a little boy anymore.
I'm not a little girl anymore.
I'm not a little surprised that the policeman was arrested.
I'm not a loser.
I'm not a lunatic.
I'm not a machine.
I'm not a madman.
I'm not a magician.
I'm not a maid.
I'm not a mammal.
I'm not a man less stronger than you.
I'm not a man yet.
I'm not a man!
I'm not a man.
I'm not a manager.
I'm not a maniac.
I'm not a maniac. You're the maniac.
I'm not a marathon runner.
I'm not a marriage counsellor.
I'm not a marriage counselor.
I'm not a mathematician.
I'm not a member of the club.
I'm not a member of the committee.
I'm not a member.
I'm not a midget. I'm a dwarf!
I'm not a militant atheist.
I'm not a millionaire.
I'm not a mind reader.
I'm not a mind reader. You need to tell me what you want.
I'm not a miracle worker.
I'm not a monk.
I'm not a monster.
I'm not a morning person like you.
I'm not a morning person.
I'm not a moron.
I'm not a mountaineer, and I don't aspire to be one, but it's so cool to stand on a summit and see the world around me from places one can only get to on foot, with a lot of huffing and puffing and sweat along the way.
I'm not a moviegoer.
I'm not a murderer.
I'm not a nationalist, I'm a patriot.
I'm not a native Berber speaker, so, feel free to correct me if I make any mistakes.
I'm not a native French speaker.
I'm not a native speaker of this language.
I'm not a native speaker, but even I can tell that Tom's French is pretty bad.
I'm not a native speaker, but even I know the difference between "haya" and "allá" in Spanish.
I'm not a native speaker.
I'm not a nerd!
I'm not a newbie at this.
I'm not a newborn baby.
I'm not a newspaper writer.
I'm not a nice guy.
I'm not a nice person.
I'm not a night owl.
I'm not a night person.
I'm not a nurse.
I'm not a nurse. I'm the maid.
I'm not a pacifist.
I'm not a painter.
I'm not a parent.
I'm not a part of this.
I'm not a part of your family.
I'm not a particularly suspicious-looking person.
I'm not a pastry chef.
I'm not a patient guy.
I'm not a patient man.
I'm not a patient person.
I'm not a patient.
I'm not a patriot.
I'm not a penguin.
I'm not a people-pleaser.
I'm not a perfectionist.
I'm not a person.
I'm not a person. I'm a robot.
I'm not a pervert.
I'm not a philosopher, but I play one on television.
I'm not a photographer.
I'm not a picky eater.
I'm not a pirate.
I'm not a poet.
I'm not a poet; I couldn't write a single line to depict its beauty.
I'm not a police officer.
I'm not a policeman.
I'm not a political expert.
I'm not a politician.
I'm not a politician. I'm a scientist.
I'm not a priest anymore.
I'm not a priest.
I'm not a prince.
I'm not a prisoner.
I'm not a problem-solver.
I'm not a professional musician anymore.
I'm not a professional.
I'm not a professor.
I'm not a programmer.
I'm not a prophet.
I'm not a prude.
I'm not a psychiatrist.
I'm not a psychic.
I'm not a psychologist.
I'm not a psychopath.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a pupil.
I'm not a puritan, I'm just shy.
I'm not a qualified chef.
I'm not a quitter.
I'm not a rabbi.
I'm not a racist, but I just don't like them.
I'm not a racist, but they're coming to steal our women and rape our jobs. I mean, rape our women and steal our jobs.
I'm not a racist.
I'm not a racist. I just don't like those people.
I'm not a racist. You're the racist.
I'm not a radiologist.
I'm not a rat.
I'm not a rational person, and neither is anyone else.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a plain stuffed toy.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a simple cuddly toy.
I'm not a real fish; I'm just a cuddle toy.
I'm not a refugee.
I'm not a religious man.
I'm not a religious person.
I'm not a reporter.
I'm not a rich man.
I'm not a right libertarian.
I'm not a robot.
I'm not a rookie anymore.
I'm not a rude person normally.
I'm not a rugrat.
I'm not a sailor.
I'm not a saint.
I'm not a scaredy-cat, I'm just careful.
I'm not a scaredy-cat. I'm just careful.
I'm not a scientist.
I'm not a secret agent.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
I'm not a servant.
I'm not a server.
I'm not a singer.
I'm not a singer. I'm a Berber teacher.
I'm not a slacker, I just like to rest before I get tired.
I'm not a slave.
I'm not a sleepy-head, I just couldn't get any sleep last night.
I'm not a slut!
I'm not a smart man.
I'm not a smart person, but I surround myself with smart people.
I'm not a smart person.
I'm not a smoker.
I'm not a snake.
I'm not a snitch.
I'm not a snob.
I'm not a soccer fan.
I'm not a social worker.
I'm not a sociopath.
I'm not a soldier anymore.
I'm not a soldier.
I'm not a southerner.
I'm not a specialist.
I'm not a sports fan.
I'm not a spy anymore.
I'm not a spy.
I'm not a squealer.
I'm not a squirrel.
I'm not a stalker.
I'm not a stegosaurus.
I'm not a stick in the mud.
I'm not a stooge.
I'm not a streamer; I just record gameplay videos and post them on YouTube.
I'm not a student either.
I'm not a student here anymore.
I'm not a student here.
I'm not a student here. I'm a teacher.
I'm not a student.
I'm not a student. I'm a teacher.
I'm not a student. I'm a worker.
I'm not a superstitious person.
I'm not a surfer.
I'm not a suspect.
I'm not a suspicious person.
I'm not a talentless bitch like you.
I'm not a tattletale.
I'm not a taxi driver.
I'm not a teacher and don't want to become one.
I'm not a teacher anymore.
I'm not a teacher.
I'm not a teacher. I'm a student.
I'm not a tech genius like you.
I'm not a teenager.
I'm not a telltale.
I'm not a terrorist.
I'm not a therapist.
I'm not a thief.
I'm not a thing, I'm a person! So start treating me like one.
I'm not a threat to you.
I'm not a tomcat.
I'm not a toothless barking dog.
I'm not a total fool.
I'm not a total idiot.
I'm not a tourist.
I'm not a traitor.
I'm not a translator.
I'm not a troll.
I'm not a trucker.
I'm not a tyrant, but I rule a country without the consent of the majority of its population and intend to make drastic changes that most of them don't want.
I'm not a unicorn.
I'm not a union member.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
I'm not a vampire.
I'm not a vegetarian anymore.
I'm not a vegetarian.
I'm not a very communicative person.
I'm not a very good French speaker.
I'm not a very good artist.
I'm not a very good carpenter.
I'm not a very good chess player.
I'm not a very good cook.
I'm not a very good dancer.
I'm not a very good doctor.
I'm not a very good driver.
I'm not a very good guitarist.
I'm not a very good singer.
I'm not a very good songwriter.
I'm not a very good speller.
I'm not a very good swimmer.
I'm not a very good writer.
I'm not a very patient person.
I'm not a vet.
I'm not a veteran.
I'm not a violent guy.
I'm not a violent person.
I'm not a virgin anymore.
I'm not a virtuoso.
I'm not a visitor. I'm a resident.
I'm not a vocal person.
I'm not a volunteer.
I'm not a waiter.
I'm not a waitress.
I'm not a wanted fugitive.
I'm not a wealthy man.
I'm not a weirdo.
I'm not a whore.
I'm not a wise man.
I'm not a witch, but I know a few.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a wizard, but I know what everybody says about me.
I'm not a woman hater; and if I were, I would make an exception for you.
I'm not a woman.
I'm not a woman. I'm a man.
I'm not a writer, I'm a doctor.
I'm not a writer.
I'm not a xenophobe, because I also hate my own ethnic group.
I'm not a xenophobe.
I'm not a yachtsman.
I'm not a young man any more.
I'm not a young man anymore.
I'm not a zombie.
I'm not abandoning them.
I'm not able to answer all of your questions.
I'm not able to answer that question.
I'm not able to answer this letter.
I'm not able to answer this question.
I'm not able to buy a house.
I'm not able to communicate in French.
I'm not able to contact Tom by phone.
I'm not able to contact my relatives.
I'm not able to dance.
I'm not able to do any other job.
I'm not able to do any other work.
I'm not able to do it.
I'm not able to do manual labor.
I'm not able to do that alone. You need to help me.
I'm not able to do that alone. You'll have to help me.
I'm not able to do that anymore.
I'm not able to do that because I don't have enough money.
I'm not able to do that by myself.
I'm not able to do that either.
I'm not able to do that now.
I'm not able to do that on my own.
I'm not able to do that today.
I'm not able to do that tonight.
I'm not able to do that yet.
I'm not able to do that.
I'm not able to do what I have to do.
I'm not able to do what I need to do.
I'm not able to do what I'm supposed to do.
I'm not able to download this episode.
I'm not able to figure out how to open this box.
I'm not able to fix my car by myself.
I'm not able to fix the car by myself.
I'm not able to fix the computer.
I'm not able to go down the stairs. Both my legs are broken.
I'm not able to go outside, so I've put on weight due to a lack of exercise.
I'm not able to grow a mustache yet.
I'm not able to have children.
I'm not able to imagine my future without you.
I'm not able to lift this stone.
I'm not able to make clear how I am feeling.
I'm not able to operate the bread machine.
I'm not able to pay now.
I'm not able to remove the indigo dye in my hair!
I'm not able to remove the tangles in my hair.
I'm not able to repair my car. Although I play characters that can do that.
I'm not able to respond to all of your questions.
I'm not able to ride a motorcycle.
I'm not able to say why.
I'm not able to skate.
I'm not able to speak French.
I'm not able to speak so fast.
I'm not able to speak.
I'm not able to swim as well as you.
I'm not able to swim.
I'm not able to translate this sentence.
I'm not able to walk.
I'm not able to work.
I'm not able to write appropriately.
I'm not about to argue with you - you're drunk.
I'm not about to ask Tom.
I'm not about to ask him.
I'm not about to do that.
I'm not about to give up now.
I'm not about to judge you. We all make mistakes, me included.
I'm not about to marry Suzie.
I'm not about to resign.
I'm not about to stop.
I'm not about to tell Tom that.
I'm not about to tell her that.
I'm not about to tell him that.
I'm not about to tell them that.
I'm not about to tell you that you're right.
I'm not about to throw away my life just because some maniac has a psychopathic obsession with sitting on a throne.
I'm not above begging in order to get the job.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what I need.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom needs.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom wants.
I'm not absolutely sure.
I'm not accountable to you for my conduct.
I'm not accusing Tom of anything.
I'm not accusing anybody of anything.
I'm not accusing anyone in particular.
I'm not accusing anyone of anything.
I'm not accusing anyone.
I'm not accusing you of anything.
I'm not accusing you.
I'm not accustomed to being in the limelight.
I'm not accustomed to being on my own.
I'm not accustomed to doing that.
I'm not accustomed to doing this.
I'm not accustomed to eating this kind of food.
I'm not accustomed to eating this sort of food.
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.
I'm not accustomed to getting up so early.
I'm not accustomed to hard work.
I'm not accustomed to speaking in public.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
I'm not accustomed to the city noises.
I'm not accustomed to this kind of work.
I'm not accustomed to walking long distances.
I'm not acquainted with Tom.
I'm not acquainted with her.
I'm not acquainted with the man.
I'm not active.
I'm not actually Canadian.
I'm not actually from Australia.
I'm not actually from here.
I'm not actually going to do that by myself.
I'm not actually going to do that today.
I'm not actually going to do that.
I'm not actually the one who did that.
I'm not actually the one who has to do that.
I'm not actually the one who needs to do that.
I'm not adding you to my list of friends.
I'm not adventurous enough to try doing that.
I'm not adventurous.
I'm not advocating deadly force.
I'm not advocating that.
I'm not affiliated with any party.
I'm not afraid any more.
I'm not afraid anymore.
I'm not afraid at all.
I'm not afraid now.
I'm not afraid of Russians.
I'm not afraid of Tom and I never will be.
I'm not afraid of Tom anymore.
I'm not afraid of Tom at all.
I'm not afraid of Tom now and I've never been afraid of him.
I'm not afraid of Tom.
I'm not afraid of anybody except Tom.
I'm not afraid of anybody.
I'm not afraid of anyone except Tom.
I'm not afraid of anyone.
I'm not afraid of anything after having verbal abuse heaped on me like that. In fact, I feel empowered by it.
I'm not afraid of anything anymore.
I'm not afraid of anything yet.
I'm not afraid of anything.
I'm not afraid of arrogant people.
I'm not afraid of burning in hell.
I'm not afraid of change.
I'm not afraid of cold, but I can't stand heat.
I'm not afraid of cops.
I'm not afraid of death anymore.
I'm not afraid of death, but I prefer not to be here when it occurs.
I'm not afraid of death.
I'm not afraid of death. I embrace it.
I'm not afraid of death; I'm afraid of dying.
I'm not afraid of dogs at all.
I'm not afraid of dogs.
I'm not afraid of dying.
I'm not afraid of either of them.
I'm not afraid of electricity.
I'm not afraid of facing pressure. When problems arise, I will quickly think of ways to find the solutions.
I'm not afraid of failing.
I'm not afraid of flying, in fact I'm not afraid of anything or anyone.
I'm not afraid of flying.
I'm not afraid of ghosts.
I'm not afraid of growing old.
I'm not afraid of heights.
I'm not afraid of her anymore.
I'm not afraid of her.
I'm not afraid of him anymore.
I'm not afraid of him.
I'm not afraid of huge spiders.
I'm not afraid of lightning.
I'm not afraid of mice.
I'm not afraid of my brother.
I'm not afraid of myself.
I'm not afraid of political correctness.
I'm not afraid of pressure.
I'm not afraid of reality.
I'm not afraid of responsibilities.
I'm not afraid of schoolyard bullies.
I'm not afraid of snakes anymore.
I'm not afraid of snakes, unless they're poisonous.
I'm not afraid of snakes.
I'm not afraid of spiders anymore.
I'm not afraid of spiders.
I'm not afraid of terrorists.
I'm not afraid of the cops.
I'm not afraid of the dark.
I'm not afraid of the devil.
I'm not afraid of the future.
I'm not afraid of them anymore.
I'm not afraid of them.
I'm not afraid of what you say.
I'm not afraid of work.
I'm not afraid of you and your political correctness.
I'm not afraid of you anymore.
I'm not afraid of you anymore. Touch me, and you'll regret it for life.
I'm not afraid of you, Tom.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not afraid of your dog.
I'm not afraid to ask Tom.
I'm not afraid to be criticized.
I'm not afraid to be myself.
I'm not afraid to confront him directly.
I'm not afraid to die.
I'm not afraid to do that alone.
I'm not afraid to do that, but some people are.
I'm not afraid to do that.
I'm not afraid to do what I have to do.
I'm not afraid to fail.
I'm not afraid to fight.
I'm not afraid to get my clothes dirty.
I'm not afraid to go into the cave.
I'm not afraid to jump over this ditch.
I'm not afraid to kiss Tom.
I'm not afraid to lose.
I'm not afraid to make mistakes.
I'm not afraid to say it.
I'm not afraid to say my opinion.
I'm not afraid to say what I saw.
I'm not afraid to say what I think.
I'm not afraid to tell Tom about that.
I'm not afraid to tell Tom about what happened.
I'm not afraid to try.
I'm not afraid to use this.
I'm not afraid to write letters to my professors at the university.
I'm not afraid when you're with me.
I'm not afraid.
I'm not after you.
I'm not against anybody.
I'm not against doing that.
I'm not against group sex as long as there aren't any straight men in the group.
I'm not against it, but I'm not for it, either.
I'm not against it, but I'm not in favour of it, either.
I'm not against it.
I'm not against outlawing guns.
I'm not against people owning guns.
I'm not against you doing that.
I'm not against your plan.
I'm not alarmed.
I'm not all that busy nowadays.
I'm not all that busy right now.
I'm not all that busy.
I'm not all that drunk.
I'm not all that famous.
I'm not all that good at baking.
I'm not all that happy.
I'm not all that hungry right now.
I'm not all that hungry.
I'm not all that interested in flowers.
I'm not all that interested in the details.
I'm not all that into reading.
I'm not all that smart.
I'm not all that surprised.
I'm not all that tall.
I'm not allergic to penicillin.
I'm not allowed out because my mum is angry with me.
I'm not allowed to be here by myself after dark.
I'm not allowed to do anything.
I'm not allowed to do it.
I'm not allowed to do so.
I'm not allowed to do that anymore.
I'm not allowed to do that either.
I'm not allowed to do that here.
I'm not allowed to do that.
I'm not allowed to drink alcohol.
I'm not allowed to drink wine.
I'm not allowed to drive anymore.
I'm not allowed to drive because I haven't got a licence.
I'm not allowed to drive my father's car.
I'm not allowed to drive.
I'm not allowed to go outside.
I'm not allowed to go there.
I'm not allowed to go to Tom's house.
I'm not allowed to have sleepovers on weeknights.
I'm not allowed to have visitors this week.
I'm not allowed to help you.
I'm not allowed to leave.
I'm not allowed to let you in there.
I'm not allowed to return to my country.
I'm not allowed to say anything.
I'm not allowed to say.
I'm not allowed to see Tom.
I'm not allowed to speak to Tom.
I'm not allowed to swear at my computer.
I'm not allowed to talk about it.
I'm not allowed to talk about that.
I'm not allowed to talk to you.
I'm not allowed to talk.
I'm not allowed to tell anybody.
I'm not allowed to tell anyone.
I'm not allowed to tell what you want to know.
I'm not allowed to tell you what happened.
I'm not allowed to tell you what you want to know.
I'm not allowed to tell you.
I'm not allowed to visit Tom in prison.
I'm not alone anymore.
I'm not alone because I have a family.
I'm not alone tonight.
I'm not alone.
I'm not alone. I have you.
I'm not alone. I'm with Tom.
I'm not always able to brush my teeth after eating.
I'm not always as polite as I should be.
I'm not always at home on Sundays.
I'm not always available.
I'm not always busy in the morning.
I'm not always busy.
I'm not always confident in my instincts.
I'm not always free on Sundays.
I'm not always going to be there for you.
I'm not always happy.
I'm not always here.
I'm not always home on Sundays.
I'm not always honest.
I'm not always in the office in the morning.
I'm not always late, but I admit I often am.
I'm not always late, but I admit that I often am.
I'm not always late.
I'm not always like this.
I'm not always on time, but I usually am.
I'm not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
I'm not always right.
I'm not always so lenient.
I'm not always this busy.
I'm not always wrong.
I'm not ambitious enough.
I'm not amused by what's going on.
I'm not amused.
I'm not amusing you.
I'm not an A student.
I'm not an ATM.
I'm not an American.
I'm not an Englishman. I'm Czech.
I'm not an Uighur. I'm a Russian.
I'm not an accountant.
I'm not an actor anymore.
I'm not an actor.
I'm not an addict.
I'm not an addict. I can stop any time I want.
I'm not an adherent of Islam.
I'm not an admin, I'm just a moderator.
I'm not an adult yet.
I'm not an adult, either.
I'm not an adult. I just look like one.
I'm not an agnostic; I'm an atheist.
I'm not an alcoholic.
I'm not an alcoholic; I just like drinking wine.
I'm not an alcoholic; I just like to drink wine.
I'm not an alcoholic; I just like wine.
I'm not an angel.
I'm not an animal.
I'm not an arrogant guy.
I'm not an artist, but I like furry art. That's one reason I call myself a furry.
I'm not an artist.
I'm not an ass-kisser like you.
I'm not an astrologer.
I'm not an astrologer; I'm an economist.
I'm not an atheist.
I'm not an athlete.
I'm not an early bird.
I'm not an early riser.
I'm not an easy girl.
I'm not an easy person to get along with.
I'm not an electrician but I can fix it, I think.
I'm not an eloquent man.
I'm not an eloquent person.
I'm not an enemy to myself.
I'm not an engineer yet, but I want to become one.
I'm not an engineer.
I'm not an envious person.
I'm not an experienced cook.
I'm not an expert at relationships.
I'm not an expert either.
I'm not an expert in this field, and neither are you.
I'm not an expert in this field.
I'm not an expert of psychology.
I'm not an expert on bovine anatomy, but I think they have four stomachs.
I'm not an expert on the matter.
I'm not an expert, so my answer to your question is just an educated guess.
I'm not an expert.
I'm not an idiot!
I'm not an idiot.
I'm not an idiot. I'm just not good at calculations.
I'm not an iguana.
I'm not an imbecile.
I'm not an infidel.
I'm not an interesting person.
I'm not an interpreter.
I'm not an invalid.
I'm not an observant Jew.
I'm not an officer.
I'm not an old-fashioned guy.
I'm not an only child.
I'm not an orphan.
I'm not an owl!
I'm not an unbeliever.
I'm not angry about it.
I'm not angry any more, but I'm still going to resign.
I'm not angry any more.
I'm not angry anymore.
I'm not angry at Tom.
I'm not angry at all of you.
I'm not angry at her.
I'm not angry at him.
I'm not angry at them.
I'm not angry at you, just very disappointed.
I'm not angry at you.
I'm not angry at you. I should have known better.
I'm not angry because you have failed.
I'm not angry like I was back then.
I'm not angry with Tom anymore.
I'm not angry with Tom.
I'm not angry with any of you, except Tom.
I'm not angry with anyone.
I'm not angry with her.
I'm not angry with him.
I'm not angry with them.
I'm not angry with you any more.
I'm not angry with you.
I'm not angry!
I'm not angry, just hurt.
I'm not angry.
I'm not angry. I'm just disappointed.
I'm not annoyed.
I'm not annoying anyone, am I?
I'm not annoying anyone.
I'm not answering it because it's a stupid question.
I'm not answering that question.
I'm not answering that.
I'm not any better at swimming than I am at running.
I'm not any busier than usual.
I'm not any busier today than usual.
I'm not any good at doing that.
I'm not any good at doing this.
I'm not any good at math.
I'm not any more to blame than you are.
I'm not any smarter than Tom is.
I'm not any smarter than Tom.
I'm not anybody's friend.
I'm not anyone's girlfriend.
I'm not apologizing to you.
I'm not apologizing.
I'm not applauding you.
I'm not arguing with that.
I'm not arguing with you.
I'm not arguing.
I'm not arguing. Just stating a fact.
I'm not armed.
I'm not arresting Tom.
I'm not arresting her.
I'm not arresting him.
I'm not arresting them.
I'm not arresting you.
I'm not arrogant.
I'm not arrogant. I'm right.
I'm not artistic.
I'm not as active as I used to be.
I'm not as afraid of heights as I used to be.
I'm not as afraid of snakes as I used to be.
I'm not as agile as I used to be.
I'm not as alienated now as I was then.
I'm not as ambitious as I used to be.
I'm not as angry about this as Tom seems to be.
I'm not as angry as Tom is.
I'm not as attentive as I should be.
I'm not as bad as Tom is.
I'm not as bad as Tom.
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
I'm not as big as Tom.
I'm not as big as you.
I'm not as bored as Tom seems to be.
I'm not as brave as Tom.
I'm not as broke as Tom is.
I'm not as busy as I thought I'd be.
I'm not as busy as Tom and Mary are.
I'm not as busy as Tom is.
I'm not as busy as Tom.
I'm not as busy as you are.
I'm not as busy as you think.
I'm not as busy now as I was at this time last year.
I'm not as busy now as I was this time last year.
I'm not as busy this month as I was last month.
I'm not as busy this week as I was last week.
I'm not as busy today as I usually am.
I'm not as claustrophobic as Tom.
I'm not as competitive as I used to be.
I'm not as confident as I used to be.
I'm not as confident as you are.
I'm not as confused as Tom seems to be.
I'm not as conservative as I used to be.
I'm not as creative as I should be.
I'm not as creative as I want to be.
I'm not as creative as Tom and Mary are.
I'm not as creative as Tom is.
I'm not as creative as Tom.
I'm not as desperate to do that as I used to be.
I'm not as desperate to do that as Tom is.
I'm not as desperate to do that as you are.
I'm not as determined to do that as I used to be.
I'm not as determined to do that as Tom is.
I'm not as discouraged as Tom is.
I'm not as drunk now as the last time you saw me.
I'm not as easily impressed as you are.
I'm not as enthusiastic about doing that as Tom is.
I'm not as expert as you are.
I'm not as famous as I used to be.
I'm not as famous you think I am.
I'm not as famous.
I'm not as far to the left as you are.
I'm not as fast as I once was.
I'm not as fast as I used to be.
I'm not as fast as Tom is.
I'm not as fast as Tom.
I'm not as fast as you are.
I'm not as fast as you.
I'm not as fat as I used to be.
I'm not as fluent in French as you think I am.
I'm not as fond of music as you are.
I'm not as forgetful as I used to be.
I'm not as furious as Tom is.
I'm not as good a French speaker as Tom.
I'm not as good a French teacher as Tom.
I'm not as good a driver as I used to be.
I'm not as good a guitarist as I thought.
I'm not as good a guitarist as you think I am.
I'm not as good as I used to be.
I'm not as good at French as Tom and Mary are.
I'm not as good at French as Tom is.
I'm not as good at French as Tom.
I'm not as good at French as you are.
I'm not as good at French as you think I am.
I'm not as good at French as you.
I'm not as good at doing that as I used to be.
I'm not as good at doing that as Tom is.
I'm not as good at doing that as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing chess as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing chess as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing tennis as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing tennis as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing the trombone as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing the trombone as Tom.
I'm not as good at speaking French as Tom is.
I'm not as good at speaking French as Tom.
I'm not as good at speaking French as you think I am.
I'm not as good-natured as people think I am.
I'm not as gullible as I used to be.
I'm not as gullible as you think I am.
I'm not as happy as I used to be.
I'm not as happy now.
I'm not as healthy as I used to be.
I'm not as heavy as I used to be.
I'm not as heavy as Tom.
I'm not as hesitant to do that as Tom is.
I'm not as impressed as Tom seems to be.
I'm not as impulsive as I used to be.
I'm not as influential as I used to be.
I'm not as influential as you think I am.
I'm not as influential as you think.
I'm not as innocent as you think I am.
I'm not as intelligent as Tom is.
I'm not as intelligent as Tom.
I'm not as intelligent as he is.
I'm not as intelligent as him.
I'm not as interested in doing that as I used to be.
I'm not as interested in doing that as Tom is.
I'm not as interested in doing that as you think I am.
I'm not as interested in literature as you are.
I'm not as interested in literature as you.
I'm not as interested in politics as I used to be.
I'm not as interested in politics as you are.
I'm not as lazy as Tom is.
I'm not as lazy as Tom.
I'm not as lazy as you think I am.
I'm not as lonely now as I was then.
I'm not as lucky as I used to be.
I'm not as lucky as Tom is.
I'm not as lucky as Tom.
I'm not as lucky as you think I am.
I'm not as lucky as you.
I'm not as motivated to do that as I used to be.
I'm not as motivated to do that as Tom is.
I'm not as motivated to do that as you are.
I'm not as much of a loner as I used to be.
I'm not as naive as a lot of people think I am.
I'm not as naive as you think I am.
I'm not as naive as you think.
I'm not as nervous as I used to be.
I'm not as nice as you think I am.
I'm not as observant as I should be.
I'm not as old as I look.
I'm not as old as Tom and Mary think I am.
I'm not as old as Tom is.
I'm not as old as Tom thinks I am.
I'm not as old as Tom.
I'm not as old as everybody thinks I am.
I'm not as old as everyone thinks I am.
I'm not as old as most people think I am.
I'm not as old as you think I am.
I'm not as old as you think.
I'm not as old as you, of course.
I'm not as optimistic as I once was.
I'm not as optimistic as I used to be.
I'm not as optimistic as Tom is.
I'm not as optimistic as Tom.
I'm not as optimistic as you are.
I'm not as optimistic as you.
I'm not as particular as Tom is.
I'm not as patient as I used to be.
I'm not as picky as I used to be.
I'm not as poor as I used to be.
I'm not as poor as you think I am.
I'm not as poor as you think.
I'm not as reluctant to do that as Tom is.
I'm not as rich as I once was.
I'm not as rich as I used to be.
I'm not as rich as I was.
I'm not as rich as I'd like to be.
I'm not as rich as Tom and Mary think I am.
I'm not as rich as Tom thinks I am.
I'm not as rich as Tom.
I'm not as rich as everybody thinks I am.
I'm not as rich as everyone thinks I am.
I'm not as rich as most people think I am.
I'm not as rich as people think I am.
I'm not as rich as you are.
I'm not as rich as you think I am.
I'm not as rich as you think.
I'm not as selfish as I used to be.
I'm not as skinny as I used to be.
I'm not as slim as my older sister.
I'm not as smart as I thought I was.
I'm not as smart as Tom is.
I'm not as smart as Tom.
I'm not as smart as people think I am.
I'm not as smart as you think I am.
I'm not as smart as you.
I'm not as strong a swimmer as I used to be.
I'm not as strong as I used to be.
I'm not as strong as you are.
I'm not as strong as you think I am.
I'm not as stubborn as I used to be.
I'm not as stubborn as Tom is.
I'm not as stubborn as Tom.
I'm not as stubborn as you say I am, and you can't change my mind.
I'm not as stubborn as you think.
I'm not as stupid as Tom is.
I'm not as stupid as Tom.
I'm not as stupid as people think.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
I'm not as sure as you seem to be.
I'm not as talkative as you.
I'm not as tall as Tom is.
I'm not as tall as Tom.
I'm not as tall as he is.
I'm not as tall as you are.
I'm not as tall as you.
I'm not as tempted to do that as I used to be.
I'm not as thin as I used to be.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
I'm not as tired as I usually am by this time of day.
I'm not as tired as Tom is.
I'm not as tired as Tom.
I'm not as tired as you are.
I'm not as tolerant as I used to be.
I'm not as tough as I used to be.
I'm not as tough as everybody says I am.
I'm not as tough as everybody thinks I am.
I'm not as tough as everyone says I am.
I'm not as tough as everyone thinks I am.
I'm not as tough as you think I am.
I'm not as upset about this as Tom seems to be.
I'm not as weak as you think I am.
I'm not as weary as I was in the weeks before.
I'm not as wild as I used to be.
I'm not as worried as Tom is.
I'm not as worried as Tom.
I'm not as young as I look.
I'm not as young as I used to be.
I'm not as young as I was.
I'm not as young as Tom and Mary think I am.
I'm not as young as Tom is.
I'm not as young as Tom thinks I am.
I'm not as young as Tom.
I'm not as young as most people think I am.
I'm not as young as the rest of my teammates.
I'm not as young as you are.
I'm not as young as you think I am.
I'm not as young as you think.
I'm not as young as you.
I'm not ashamed and neither should you be.
I'm not ashamed of anything.
I'm not ashamed of her.
I'm not ashamed of him.
I'm not ashamed of it at all.
I'm not ashamed of it.
I'm not ashamed of my behavior, even though I know I should be.
I'm not ashamed of my behavior, even though I know that I should be.
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.
I'm not ashamed of my father's being poor.
I'm not ashamed of that at all.
I'm not ashamed of that.
I'm not ashamed of what I did.
I'm not ashamed of what we did.
I'm not ashamed of who I am or what I did.
I'm not ashamed of who I am.
I'm not ashamed of you.
I'm not ashamed that I am poor.
I'm not ashamed that I'm poor.
I'm not ashamed to admit it.
I'm not ashamed to admit my ignorance either.
I'm not ashamed to admit that I was wrong.
I'm not ashamed to cry.
I'm not ashamed to dress "like a woman" because I don't think it's shameful to be a woman.
I'm not ashamed to say that I cried.
I'm not ashamed to tell you.
I'm not ashamed.
I'm not asking Tom.
I'm not asking about that.
I'm not asking about them.
I'm not asking for a quick fix, but I'm asking for a chance to rebuild our love and trust.
I'm not asking for anything.
I'm not asking for free stuff.
I'm not asking for help for them.
I'm not asking for money.
I'm not asking for much.
I'm not asking for the moon.
I'm not asking for their opinion.
I'm not asking for your help.
I'm not asking her.
I'm not asking him, I'm asking you.
I'm not asking him.
I'm not asking that of you.
I'm not asking their opinion.
I'm not asking them for help.
I'm not asking them to forgive me.
I'm not asking them.
I'm not asking you about that.
I'm not asking you any questions.
I'm not asking you to babysit.
I'm not asking you to change your opinion.
I'm not asking you to confirm, I'm asking you to verify.
I'm not asking you to do anything I wouldn't do myself.
I'm not asking you to do anything illegal.
I'm not asking you to give up all your dreams.
I'm not asking you to go against your principles.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with Tom.
I'm not asking you to lie.
I'm not asking you to say anything.
I'm not asking you to tell me what to do, I'm just asking for your opinion.
I'm not asking you to tell me what to do. I'm just asking for your opinion.
I'm not asking you, I'm asking Tom.
I'm not asking you, Tom.
I'm not asking you. I'm asking Tom.
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.
I'm not asking you. I'm ordering you to do that.
I'm not asking you. I'm telling you.
I'm not asking your permission.
I'm not asleep any more.
I'm not asleep yet.
I'm not asleep, meh.
I'm not asleep.
I'm not assigning blame.
I'm not at all afraid.
I'm not at all busy now.
I'm not at all busy.
I'm not at all concerned.
I'm not at all conventional.
I'm not at all convinced that I made the right choice.
I'm not at all convinced.
I'm not at all happy about this.
I'm not at all happy now.
I'm not at all hungry now.
I'm not at all hungry.
I'm not at all interested in physics.
I'm not at all interested in what you go around doing.
I'm not at all interested.
I'm not at all keen on getting an answer.
I'm not at all like you.
I'm not at all satisfied with Tom's work.
I'm not at all satisfied with her.
I'm not at all satisfied with the results.
I'm not at all satisfied with the way Tom did that.
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.
I'm not at all scared.
I'm not at all sleepy.
I'm not at all surprised.
I'm not at all tempted to do that.
I'm not at all tired.
I'm not at all well.
I'm not at all worried about that.
I'm not at all worried.
I'm not at fault.
I'm not at home now.
I'm not at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
I'm not at home.
I'm not at liberty to disclose to you the details of my mission.
I'm not at liberty to discuss it.
I'm not at liberty to discuss this with you.
I'm not at liberty to say.
I'm not at liberty to tell you about the incident.
I'm not at my best in the mornings.
I'm not at my full potential.
I'm not at one with you in some respects.
I'm not at school.
I'm not at work today.
I'm not at your disposal.
I'm not at your service.
I'm not athletic.
I'm not attracted to any specific gender.
I'm not attracted to her at all.
I'm not attracted to him at all.
I'm not attracted to you anymore.
I'm not attracted to you.
I'm not attuned to being treated this poorly.
I'm not authorized to answer that.
I'm not authorized to conduct business.
I'm not authorized to do anything.
I'm not authorized to do that.
I'm not authorized to negotiate that.
I'm not autistic.
I'm not available for anyone.
I'm not available right now.
I'm not available to you.
I'm not available.
I'm not averse to a good night out.
I'm not averse to meeting Tom.
I'm not avoiding my responsibilities.
I'm not avoiding you.
I'm not aware of such a law.
I'm not aware of what's happening.
I'm not backing out.
I'm not bad at all!
I'm not bad!
I'm not bald.
I'm not beating you into unconsciousness.
I'm not begging them.
I'm not begging you.
I'm not being critical.
I'm not being cruel.
I'm not being defensive.
I'm not being disloyal.
I'm not being naive.
I'm not being paid enough.
I'm not being paid for this.
I'm not being paranoid.
I'm not being rude.
I'm not being sarcastic.
I'm not being silly.
I'm not being superstitious.
I'm not being unfair to Tom.
I'm not being unrealistic.
I'm not being unreasonable.
I'm not betting on things getting better.
I'm not biased against Tom.
I'm not biased.
I'm not big on having favorites.
I'm not big on sports.
I'm not big, but short.
I'm not bigoted.
I'm not bitter at all.
I'm not bitter.
I'm not blaming Tom.
I'm not blaming anybody.
I'm not blaming anyone for it.
I'm not blaming anyone.
I'm not blaming her.
I'm not blaming him.
I'm not blaming them.
I'm not blaming you, Tom.
I'm not blaming you.
I'm not blind but deaf.
I'm not blind to the fact that Ziri is a people pleaser.
I'm not blind.
I'm not blockading you.
I'm not blocking their view.
I'm not blocking you.
I'm not blocking your way.
I'm not bluffing.
I'm not blushing!
I'm not boiling water for them.
I'm not bored.
I'm not bossy!
I'm not bossy.
I'm not bothered about you!
I'm not bothered at all.
I'm not bothered!
I'm not bothered.
I'm not bothered. It's just my usual nightcap. Having someone to drink with on occasion might be nice.
I'm not bothering anybody, am I?
I'm not bothering anybody.
I'm not bothering them.
I'm not bothering you, am I?
I'm not bothering you?
I'm not boycotting them.
I'm not boycotting you.
I'm not bragging.
I'm not brave enough to try doing that.
I'm not brave, I admit; but I'm not superstitious.
I'm not brave.
I'm not breaking the law.
I'm not breaking their glasses.
I'm not breaking your idols.
I'm not bringing Tom with me.
I'm not bringing anyone.
I'm not bringing her.
I'm not bringing it.
I'm not budging.
I'm not built for that.
I'm not busy anymore.
I'm not busy at all.
I'm not busy either.
I'm not busy now.
I'm not busy nowadays.
I'm not busy right now.
I'm not busy today.
I'm not busy tonight.
I'm not busy, and Tom isn't busy, either.
I'm not busy.
I'm not buying anything else today.
I'm not buying anything.
I'm not buying it for a second.
I'm not buying it, Tom.
I'm not buying it.
I'm not buying that.
I'm not buying two books, just one.
I'm not buying you another drink until you say sorry.
I'm not buying your story.
I'm not calling Tom.
I'm not calling anyone.
I'm not calling her.
I'm not calling him.
I'm not calling them.
I'm not calling you by name.
I'm not calming you down.
I'm not capable of doing terrible things, much less to my own family.
I'm not capable of doing that.
I'm not capable of doing two things at once.
I'm not capable of faking happiness and you know that.
I'm not capable of finishing this work alone.
I'm not capable of solving that.
I'm not capable of telling stories.
I'm not carrying a weapon.
I'm not carrying any cash.
I'm not carrying any identification.
I'm not casting a spell over their children.
I'm not catching pigeons for them.
I'm not causing the problem.
I'm not celebrating.
I'm not censoring anything.
I'm not censoring their articles.
I'm not censoring you.
I'm not certain I can do that.
I'm not certain I can trust Tom.
I'm not certain I need to do that.
I'm not certain I ought to do that.
I'm not certain I should do that.
I'm not certain I trust Tom.
I'm not certain I want to do that.
I'm not certain I'll be able to do that.
I'm not certain I'll do that tomorrow.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are happy.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are here.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are responsible.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones I need to worry about.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones we should send to Boston.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my bicycle.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary know what to do.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary like that.
I'm not certain Tom is happy.
I'm not certain Tom is here.
I'm not certain Tom is responsible.
I'm not certain Tom is the one I need to worry about.
I'm not certain Tom is the one that I need to worry about.
I'm not certain Tom is the one we should send to Australia.
I'm not certain Tom is the one we should send to Boston.
I'm not certain Tom is the one who stole my bicycle.
I'm not certain Tom knows what to do.
I'm not certain Tom likes that.
I'm not certain Tom would agree with you.
I'm not certain about anything.
I'm not certain about that.
I'm not certain about the end result.
I'm not certain if Lojban is a rational language, but I am very sure that Lojbanists are habitually not rational people.
I'm not certain if what I did was right.
I'm not certain of my feelings towards him.
I'm not certain that I can do that.
I'm not certain that I can trust Tom.
I'm not certain that I need to do that.
I'm not certain that I ought to do that.
I'm not certain that I should do that.
I'm not certain that I trust Tom.
I'm not certain that I want to do that.
I'm not certain that I'll be able to do that.
I'm not certain that Tom is the one I need to worry about.
I'm not certain that Tom is the one that I need to worry about.
I'm not certain that Tom likes that.
I'm not certain we can get tickets tonight.
I'm not certain what time I'm supposed to be there.
I'm not certain what to do.
I'm not certain what to expect.
I'm not certain where this ought to be put.
I'm not certain, but I think so.
I'm not certain.
I'm not changing my vote.
I'm not changing their name.
I'm not changing.
I'm not charging anybody for anything.
I'm not charmed about working in mid summer.
I'm not chasing them away from here.
I'm not cheating on you.
I'm not chicken.
I'm not choosing them.
I'm not cisgender.
I'm not claiming to be delivering ready-made truths.
I'm not claustrophobic.
I'm not clean now. I'm dirty.
I'm not cleaning that up.
I'm not cleaning up that mess.
I'm not cleaning your vase collection for you.
I'm not clear on what you mean.
I'm not clogging their pipes.
I'm not clogging your pipes.
I'm not cloistering them.
I'm not closing off your rooms.
I'm not closing them.
I'm not clueless.
I'm not cold anymore.
I'm not cold at all.
I'm not cold, thanks.
I'm not cold.
I'm not comfortable discussing this here.
I'm not comfortable discussing this.
I'm not comfortable doing this.
I'm not comfortable talking about this right now.
I'm not comfortable with saying.
I'm not comfortable with the idea.
I'm not comfortable with this.
I'm not comfortable working with Tom.
I'm not comfortable.
I'm not coming along.
I'm not coming back for a while.
I'm not coming back here anymore.
I'm not coming back here.
I'm not coming back home.
I'm not coming back.
I'm not coming from home.
I'm not coming home yet.
I'm not coming home.
I'm not coming in today.
I'm not coming out.
I'm not coming over.
I'm not coming to Australia this year.
I'm not coming to Boston this weekend.
I'm not coming to Boston.
I'm not coming to the pool this afternoon because I have a cold and a cough.
I'm not coming today.
I'm not coming with you.
I'm not coming.
I'm not commenting on your article.
I'm not comparing Tom to Mary.
I'm not comparing them.
I'm not competitive.
I'm not complaining about anything.
I'm not complaining and so far no one else has complained, although working conditions are truly terrible.
I'm not complaining, and until now no one else has complained either, even if the work conditions are truly deplorable.
I'm not complaining.
I'm not completely at the mercy of my passion. In fact, I know how to control it.
I'm not completely convinced that what Tom said was wrong.
I'm not completely deaf, but I'm hard of hearing.
I'm not completely happy with the settlement.
I'm not completely in accord.
I'm not completely naive.
I'm not completely prepared for this.
I'm not completely satisfied with Tom's explanation.
I'm not completely sure.
I'm not completing your assignments.
I'm not concerned about it.
I'm not concerned about my security.
I'm not concerned about that.
I'm not concerned at all.
I'm not concerned right now.
I'm not concerned what shall happen to Mary.
I'm not concerned what will happen to Mary.
I'm not concerned with politics.
I'm not concerned with that.
I'm not concerned with the details.
I'm not concerned with the matter.
I'm not concerned with the plan.
I'm not concerned with what shall become of Mary.
I'm not concerned with what shall happen to Mary.
I'm not concerned with what will happen to Mary.
I'm not concerned with you!
I'm not concerned.
I'm not condoning what Yanni did.
I'm not confident about the future.
I'm not confident around super attractive girls.
I'm not confident at all.
I'm not confident that I can translate this book.
I'm not confident.
I'm not confused.
I'm not connecting your computers.
I'm not conservative.
I'm not considered a member of the team.
I'm not contradicting them.
I'm not contradicting what their children say.
I'm not contradicting you.
I'm not convinced I have to do that.
I'm not convinced I need to do that.
I'm not convinced I should do that.
I'm not convinced Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I'm not convinced Tom can do that.
I'm not convinced Tom is guilty.
I'm not convinced Tom is telling the truth.
I'm not convinced Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not convinced at all.
I'm not convinced doing that would be a good idea.
I'm not convinced ghosts actually exist.
I'm not convinced it's a good idea to do that.
I'm not convinced it's safe to do that.
I'm not convinced of that.
I'm not convinced that I have to do that.
I'm not convinced that I need to do that.
I'm not convinced that I should do that.
I'm not convinced that Mary can do that by herself.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary are right.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I'm not convinced that Tom can do that by himself.
I'm not convinced that Tom can do that.
I'm not convinced that Tom can win.
I'm not convinced that Tom had to do that.
I'm not convinced that Tom is guilty.
I'm not convinced that Tom is right.
I'm not convinced that Tom is telling the truth.
I'm not convinced that Tom is the man for the job.
I'm not convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not convinced that doing that would be a good idea.
I'm not convinced that ghosts actually exist.
I'm not convinced that it's a good idea to do that.
I'm not convinced that it's safe to do that.
I'm not convinced that that's a good idea.
I'm not convinced that you know what you're doing.
I'm not convinced that you're telling the truth.
I'm not convinced that's a good idea.
I'm not convinced that's going to happen.
I'm not convinced that's justified.
I'm not convinced we share the same goal.
I'm not convinced yet.
I'm not convinced you know what you're doing.
I'm not convinced, that's for sure.
I'm not convinced.
I'm not cooking.
I'm not cool enough to know of all those other bands.
I'm not cool with that.
I'm not cool.
I'm not copying Tom's homework.
I'm not copying their homework.
I'm not copying your homework.
I'm not correcting your exercises.
I'm not counting on Tom to do that.
I'm not counting on Tom's help.
I'm not counting on anybody's help.
I'm not counting on anyone's help.
I'm not counting on it.
I'm not counting on you.
I'm not counting you.
I'm not counting your money.
I'm not counting.
I'm not courageous.
I'm not covering their pool.
I'm not covering your roof with straw.
I'm not cracking your mugs.
I'm not cranky.
I'm not crazy, am I?
I'm not crazy.
I'm not crazy. You're the one who's crazy.
I'm not creative enough.
I'm not creative.
I'm not criticising you in any way.
I'm not criticising you.
I'm not criticizing them.
I'm not criticizing you.
I'm not cross any more.
I'm not crying.
I'm not crying. I just have something in my eye.
I'm not crying. There's just something in my eye.
I'm not curious.
I'm not currently eating.
I'm not currently planning on doing that.
I'm not currently planning to do that.
I'm not cut out for all this.
I'm not cut out for gambling. Maybe I'm just unlucky, but working for my pay is more of a sure thing.
I'm not cut out for long-term relationships.
I'm not cut out for love.
I'm not cut out for this type of work.
I'm not cut out for this.
I'm not cut out to be a politician.
I'm not cute!
I'm not dancing for them.
I'm not dancing for you.
I'm not dangerous.
I'm not dating Mary.
I'm not dating Tom!
I'm not dating Tom.
I'm not dating anybody right now.
I'm not dating anyone right now.
I'm not dating anyone.
I'm not dating her.
I'm not dating him.
I'm not dead yet.
I'm not dead, am I?
I'm not dead.
I'm not dead; I'm sleeping.
I'm not deaf! You don't need to shout!
I'm not deaf, you know. I hear everything you guys are saying.
I'm not deaf.
I'm not deaf. You don't need to shout.
I'm not deaf; there's no need to shout like that.
I'm not deceiving anyone.
I'm not decisive enough.
I'm not decompensating. You're decompensating.
I'm not decorating their house.
I'm not defending Tom.
I'm not defending her.
I'm not defending him!
I'm not defending him.
I'm not defending that idiot.
I'm not defending that.
I'm not defending them.
I'm not deliberately keeping anything from you.
I'm not delusional!
I'm not delusional.
I'm not demented.
I'm not denouncing you.
I'm not denying anything.
I'm not denying it happened, but one example can't be called proof.
I'm not denying it.
I'm not denying that.
I'm not depressed.
I'm not deranged.
I'm not desperate.
I'm not determined enough to confess my feelings to her.
I'm not determined enough to confess my feelings to him.
I'm not diabetic.
I'm not dictating them.
I'm not difficult to talk to.
I'm not digging anything.
I'm not digging your wells.
I'm not diminishing your merits in the slightest.
I'm not disagreeing with you.
I'm not disagreeing.
I'm not disappointed at all.
I'm not disappointed in that.
I'm not disappointed whatsoever.
I'm not disappointed.
I'm not disclosing anything.
I'm not disconnecting their printers.
I'm not disconnecting your computers.
I'm not discounting that possibility.
I'm not discouraged.
I'm not disgusted.
I'm not dishonest.
I'm not disorganized.
I'm not disputing that.
I'm not disputing what you said.
I'm not distracting you, am I?
I'm not distracting you.
I'm not disturbing her.
I'm not disturbing them.
I'm not disturbing you, am I?
I'm not disturbing you.
I'm not divulging anything.
I'm not doing anything Monday evening.
I'm not doing anything Saturday evening.
I'm not doing anything about it.
I'm not doing anything at this time.
I'm not doing anything behind your back.
I'm not doing anything currently.
I'm not doing anything different.
I'm not doing anything now.
I'm not doing anything right now.
I'm not doing anything this weekend.
I'm not doing anything tomorrow night.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
I'm not doing anything, and not bothering anyone.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm not doing anything. You're just paranoid.
I'm not doing as much as I was, but I'm trying.
I'm not doing as much as I was.
I'm not doing bad, but don't worry, one day I won't fail to die.
I'm not doing great.
I'm not doing it again.
I'm not doing it alone.
I'm not doing it anymore.
I'm not doing it for you.
I'm not doing it wholeheartedly.
I'm not doing it.
I'm not doing that again.
I'm not doing that alone.
I'm not doing that any longer.
I'm not doing that any more.
I'm not doing that anymore.
I'm not doing that now.
I'm not doing that the way Tom told me to.
I'm not doing that today.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not doing the washing-up.
I'm not doing them any favors.
I'm not doing them any favours.
I'm not doing this any more.
I'm not doing this anymore.
I'm not doing this because I want to, but because you asked me to.
I'm not doing this for me.
I'm not doing this for money.
I'm not doing this for myself.
I'm not doing this for the money.
I'm not doing this for you anymore.
I'm not doing this for you.
I'm not doing this on purpose.
I'm not doing this with you again.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not doing too badly at the moment.
I'm not doing too well today.
I'm not doing well today.
I'm not doing well.
I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing.
I'm not doing what I'm supposed to do.
I'm not done deciding.
I'm not done here.
I'm not done reading it yet.
I'm not done watching it.
I'm not done with Tom yet.
I'm not done with Tom.
I'm not done with her yet.
I'm not done with her.
I'm not done with him yet.
I'm not done with him.
I'm not done with it yet.
I'm not done with them yet.
I'm not done with them.
I'm not done with you yet.
I'm not done with you.
I'm not done yet.
I'm not done.
I'm not dreaming.
I'm not dressed for Halloween.
I'm not dressed yet.
I'm not dressed.
I'm not drinking tonight.
I'm not drinking.
I'm not driving anywhere.
I'm not dropping out of school.
I'm not drunk enough for this.
I'm not drunk yet.
I'm not drunk, I'm just tired.
I'm not drunk, but I've been drinking.
I'm not drunk, just tired.
I'm not drunk.
I'm not drunk. I'm as sober as a judge.
I'm not drunk. I'm just really tired.
I'm not drunk. I'm just tired.
I'm not dumb! I'm dyslexic.
I'm not dumb.
I'm not dusting anything.
I'm not dying for them.
I'm not dying.
I'm not dyslexic, but my fingers are.
I'm not eager to meet Tom.
I'm not eager to meet him.
I'm not easily fooled.
I'm not easily impressed.
I'm not easily offended.
I'm not easygoing.
I'm not eating at the moment.
I'm not eating dinner at Mitsuyuki Ikeda's home ever again.
I'm not eating it.
I'm not eating meat.
I'm not eating pork.
I'm not eating right now.
I'm not eating that.
I'm not eating this bread.
I'm not eating this fish.
I'm not eating this potato salad.
I'm not eating this.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eligible to vote.
I'm not embarrassed at all.
I'm not embarrassed.
I'm not enchanting their children.
I'm not engaged to anybody.
I'm not engraving them.
I'm not enjoying the same routine anymore.
I'm not enjoying this, either.
I'm not enjoying this.
I'm not enthusiastic about trying a new vegan hot dog product bought on impulse.
I'm not entirely certain what has happened.
I'm not entirely convinced that what Tom said is true.
I'm not entirely convinced that you're right.
I'm not entirely convinced you're right.
I'm not entirely satisfied with my own zodiac sign, but I'm not entirely unsatisfied with it either.
I'm not entirely satisfied with my position.
I'm not entirely sure.
I'm not envious.
I'm not epileptic.
I'm not equal to doing the task.
I'm not equipped to do that.
I'm not even Canadian.
I'm not even a little hungry.
I'm not even a little surprised.
I'm not even a member.
I'm not even allowed to ask questions?
I'm not even angry, I'm kind of impressed actually.
I'm not even capable of pinpointing Germany on a map! I'm ashamed!
I'm not even going to ask why there's sauce on the ceiling.
I'm not even going to attempt that.
I'm not even going to attempt to do that.
I'm not even going to call the police.
I'm not even going to comment.
I'm not even going to consider doing that.
I'm not even going to dignify that with an answer.
I'm not even going to do that this year.
I'm not even going to go to that stupid prom.
I'm not even going to let Tom see it.
I'm not even going to let you see it.
I'm not even going to try get Tom to do that for me.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into doing that.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into helping us.
I'm not even going to try to do that.
I'm not even going to try to get Tom to do that.
I'm not even going to try to get Tom to stop doing that.
I'm not even going to try to pronounce that.
I'm not even going to try to say your name as I know I'll fudge it.
I'm not even going to try to talk Tom into helping us do that.
I'm not even going to try to talk Tom out of doing that.
I'm not even interested in doing that kind of thing.
I'm not even sorry.
I'm not even supposed to be here right now.
I'm not even supposed to be here.
I'm not even sure I like her.
I'm not even sure I like him.
I'm not even sure I want to help you.
I'm not even sure I want to see that movie.
I'm not even sure if Tom will come.
I'm not even sure if that would help or not.
I'm not even sure if this is my key.
I'm not even sure of that.
I'm not even sure that I want to help you.
I'm not even sure that I'm right, truth be told.
I'm not even sure whether Tom will come or not.
I'm not even sure who he is.
I'm not even sure why I'm here.
I'm not even surprised.
I'm not even thinking about it.
I'm not even thirty yet.
I'm not even tired.
I'm not ever coming here again.
I'm not ever going back there again.
I'm not ever going to be able to do that.
I'm not ever going to do that again.
I'm not ever going to do that.
I'm not ever going to go back to Boston.
I'm not ever going to wear these shoes again.
I'm not everyone's cup of tea, for sure, but I just don't care, I just go my own way in my life.
I'm not evil.
I'm not exactly an expert.
I'm not exactly an outdoorsman.
I'm not exactly happy about it.
I'm not exactly impressed.
I'm not exactly sure how long I'll need to be in Boston.
I'm not exactly sure how long we'll need to wait here.
I'm not exactly sure how many people we'll need to hire.
I'm not exactly sure how old Tom is.
I'm not exactly sure how this happened.
I'm not exactly sure how this is going to work.
I'm not exactly sure how to answer that.
I'm not exactly sure how to do that.
I'm not exactly sure how to explain this.
I'm not exactly sure how to implement this plan.
I'm not exactly sure how we can help you.
I'm not exactly sure that's what I need.
I'm not exactly sure what I need to buy.
I'm not exactly sure what I need to do.
I'm not exactly sure what I need to give to Tom.
I'm not exactly sure what I saw.
I'm not exactly sure what I should be doing.
I'm not exactly sure what I should buy.
I'm not exactly sure what I should do.
I'm not exactly sure what I should tell Tom.
I'm not exactly sure what I'm supposed to do.
I'm not exactly sure what Tom does.
I'm not exactly sure what Tom meant.
I'm not exactly sure what Tom wants to do.
I'm not exactly sure what Tom's opinion is.
I'm not exactly sure what happened.
I'm not exactly sure what that is.
I'm not exactly sure what the answer is.
I'm not exactly sure what this all means.
I'm not exactly sure what this is.
I'm not exactly sure what time I got here.
I'm not exactly sure what time Tom will be leaving.
I'm not exactly sure what time the meeting is supposed to start.
I'm not exactly sure what to do.
I'm not exactly sure what we should be doing.
I'm not exactly sure what you want me to do.
I'm not exactly sure what you want.
I'm not exactly sure what you're expecting us to do.
I'm not exactly sure what you're looking for.
I'm not exactly sure when I should do that.
I'm not exactly sure where I should do that.
I'm not exactly sure where Tom and Mary are.
I'm not exactly sure where Tom is.
I'm not exactly sure where Tom lives.
I'm not exactly sure where Tom works.
I'm not exactly sure where you want me to meet you.
I'm not exactly sure where you want me to park.
I'm not exactly sure where you want me to put these boxes.
I'm not exactly sure where you want me to sit.
I'm not exactly sure who I should do that with.
I'm not exactly sure who they are.
I'm not exactly sure why I should do that.
I'm not exactly sure why I was invited.
I'm not exactly sure why I'm here.
I'm not exactly sure why Tom is here.
I'm not exactly sure why you think I should do that.
I'm not exactly sure why you want me to do that.
I'm not exactly sure why you want me to do this.
I'm not exactly sure why you wanted me to do that.
I'm not exactly sure why.
I'm not exactly sure.
I'm not exactly surprised.
I'm not exaggerating when I call him a prodigy.
I'm not exaggerating when I say I'm feeling so, so tired.
I'm not exaggerating, you know.
I'm not exaggerating.
I'm not excited about it.
I'm not excited.
I'm not excluding them.
I'm not excluding you.
I'm not exempt from the afflictions we've been subjected to.
I'm not expected to do that by myself.
I'm not expected to do that.
I'm not expecting Tom to help her.
I'm not expecting Tom to help.
I'm not expecting Tom's help.
I'm not expecting any help from Tom.
I'm not expecting anybody.
I'm not expecting anyone to show up before 2:30.
I'm not expecting anyone.
I'm not expecting anything bad to happen.
I'm not expecting details.
I'm not expecting details; just a summary is fine.
I'm not expecting guests.
I'm not expecting special treatment.
I'm not expecting that to happen anytime soon.
I'm not expecting that to happen today.
I'm not expecting that to happen.
I'm not expecting you to help us.
I'm not experienced enough.
I'm not exporting your clothes.
I'm not exterminating your rats.
I'm not falling apart.
I'm not falling for that again.
I'm not falling for that one again!
I'm not falling for that one again.
I'm not falling for that one twice.
I'm not falling for that one.
I'm not falling for that.
I'm not falling for this again.
I'm not familiar with Berber pronunciations.
I'm not familiar with Canadian jurisprudence.
I'm not familiar with French poets.
I'm not familiar with Tom's work.
I'm not familiar with Tom.
I'm not familiar with her work.
I'm not familiar with that expression.
I'm not familiar with that slang.
I'm not familiar with that subject.
I'm not familiar with that term.
I'm not familiar with that.
I'm not familiar with the boy.
I'm not familiar with the genre.
I'm not familiar with the topic.
I'm not familiar with this area.
I'm not familiar with this part of the subject.
I'm not familiar with this topic.
I'm not family.
I'm not famous yet.
I'm not famous.
I'm not fast enough.
I'm not fast.
I'm not fat!
I'm not fat.
I'm not fat. I'm just a little overweight.
I'm not fat. I'm slim.
I'm not feeling any pain.
I'm not feeling as paranoid as I was.
I'm not feeling bad at the moment.
I'm not feeling hopeful.
I'm not feeling it.
I'm not feeling like I want to do that.
I'm not feeling like joking.
I'm not feeling my age at all.
I'm not feeling particularly hungry.
I'm not feeling quite up to par.
I'm not feeling relaxed.
I'm not feeling right.
I'm not feeling so good myself.
I'm not feeling so good today, can you announce this?
I'm not feeling so good.
I'm not feeling so hot myself.
I'm not feeling that great since yesterday.
I'm not feeling that great.
I'm not feeling that hungry yet.
I'm not feeling too great.
I'm not feeling too well.
I'm not feeling very energetic.
I'm not feeling very hungry right now.
I'm not feeling very hungry.
I'm not feeling very well myself.
I'm not feeling very well today.
I'm not feeling very well tonight.
I'm not feeling very well.
I'm not feeling well and I think I should stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and I think that I should stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and I'd like to stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and I'd prefer to stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and I'd rather stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and would like to stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and would prefer to stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and would rather stay home today.
I'm not feeling well at all.
I'm not feeling well at all. I wonder if I caught something.
I'm not feeling well lately.
I'm not feeling well today.
I'm not feeling well, I want to vomit.
I'm not feeling well, so I can't see you today.
I'm not feeling well.
I'm not feeling well. Could you please send for a doctor?
I'm not fighting them.
I'm not fighting with you.
I'm not fighting you.
I'm not fighting.
I'm not filtering your tea.
I'm not finding a formula.
I'm not finding anything.
I'm not finding logic in his arguments.
I'm not finding the equation.
I'm not finding the second sock.
I'm not fine.
I'm not finicky.
I'm not finished doing that yet.
I'm not finished doing that.
I'm not finished talking to you yet.
I'm not finished talking to you.
I'm not finished talking.
I'm not finished with Tom.
I'm not finished with her.
I'm not finished with him.
I'm not finished with that yet.
I'm not finished with you yet.
I'm not finished with you.
I'm not finished writing the report yet.
I'm not finished yet.
I'm not finished.
I'm not fishing for compliments.
I'm not fit for physical labor.
I'm not fixing it.
I'm not fixing them.
I'm not flabby.
I'm not flexible enough to do that.
I'm not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position.
I'm not flexible.
I'm not flirting with you!
I'm not fluent in Cat.
I'm not fluent in French.
I'm not fluent in Klingon.
I'm not fluent in Nazi.
I'm not flying on that thing even if I was paid to!
I'm not focusing on that.
I'm not folding their shirts.
I'm not folding them.
I'm not following you at all. Can you break it down for me?
I'm not following you into that cult.
I'm not following you.
I'm not following.
I'm not fond enough of you to date you.
I'm not fond of chaos.
I'm not fond of her face.
I'm not fond of the customer service business.
I'm not fond of the customer service industry.
I'm not fond of the hospitality industry.
I'm not fooling anybody.
I'm not fooling around, guys.
I'm not fooling around.
I'm not for abolishing the entire police department.
I'm not for hire.
I'm not for sale.
I'm not for spoiling pets.
I'm not for you.
I'm not forcing her.
I'm not forcing my opinion on anyone.
I'm not forcing them to pay extra.
I'm not forcing them.
I'm not forcing you to do anything.
I'm not forcing you to pay extra.
I'm not forcing you.
I'm not forgetful.
I'm not forgetting about you.
I'm not forgetting that.
I'm not freaking out.
I'm not free to go this afternoon.
I'm not free today.
I'm not free tonight.
I'm not free yet.
I'm not free.
I'm not freezing their food for them.
I'm not freezing your food.
I'm not frightened of anything.
I'm not frightened of ghosts.
I'm not frightened to be who I am, unlike you.
I'm not frightened to speak with him directly.
I'm not frightened.
I'm not from Africa.
I'm not from Algeria.
I'm not from Asia.
I'm not from Australia and neither is Tom.
I'm not from Australia originally.
I'm not from Australia.
I'm not from Beijing.
I'm not from Boston and neither is Tom.
I'm not from Boston originally.
I'm not from Boston.
I'm not from Europe.
I'm not from Kabylie.
I'm not from Ottawa.
I'm not from Saudi Arabia.
I'm not from a rich family.
I'm not from around here, so I don't know much about this area.
I'm not from around here, so I don't know this area well.
I'm not from around here.
I'm not from here.
I'm not from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
I'm not from the village.
I'm not from there.
I'm not from these parts.
I'm not from this city.
I'm not from this world.
I'm not frum.
I'm not frustrated at all.
I'm not frustrated.
I'm not fulfilling their dreams.
I'm not fussed about the colour.
I'm not fussy.
I'm not gambling anymore.
I'm not gay, I just said I liked Tom.
I'm not gay, but I like to masturbate with other males.
I'm not gay, but my boyfriend is.
I'm not gay, but my boyfriend is. I'm bisexual.
I'm not gay, but my friend is.
I'm not gay, but my girlfriend is. I'm bisexual.
I'm not gay.
I'm not gay; I'm bi.
I'm not gelding your calves.
I'm not getting a pay rise.
I'm not getting a reply.
I'm not getting along with him.
I'm not getting an answer.
I'm not getting answers.
I'm not getting any cellphone reception here.
I'm not getting any stronger.
I'm not getting any younger.
I'm not getting as much work done as I'd like today.
I'm not getting enough help from Tom.
I'm not getting enough sleep.
I'm not getting in that pond because it stinks.
I'm not getting in touch with you guys.
I'm not getting in touch with you.
I'm not getting in your car.
I'm not getting involved in this.
I'm not getting involved.
I'm not getting married at all.
I'm not getting married this year. In fact, I might never get married.
I'm not getting married.
I'm not getting my questions answered.
I'm not getting my way.
I'm not getting off it.
I'm not getting paid.
I'm not getting rid of your enemies for you.
I'm not getting the results I want.
I'm not getting this.
I'm not getting up.
I'm not getting you another thing.
I'm not gifted in maths.
I'm not giving John the apple.
I'm not giving Tom that.
I'm not giving Tom the apple.
I'm not giving an inch.
I'm not giving any more.
I'm not giving medical advice.
I'm not giving the children candy for you.
I'm not giving them a discount.
I'm not giving them my email address.
I'm not giving this to you.
I'm not giving this up.
I'm not giving up hope.
I'm not giving up on Tom.
I'm not giving up on her.
I'm not giving up on him.
I'm not giving up on my plan.
I'm not giving up on them.
I'm not giving up on you.
I'm not giving up that easily.
I'm not giving up yet.
I'm not giving up.
I'm not giving you a discount.
I'm not giving you a key to my house.
I'm not giving you any money.
I'm not giving you any more money.
I'm not giving you any more rides.
I'm not giving you back the ring.
I'm not going Tom's party.
I'm not going after her.
I'm not going alone.
I'm not going anyplace.
I'm not going anyway.
I'm not going anywhere for a while.
I'm not going anywhere on Monday.
I'm not going anywhere this afternoon.
I'm not going anywhere this summer.
I'm not going anywhere today.
I'm not going anywhere tonight.
I'm not going anywhere with Tom.
I'm not going anywhere with you!
I'm not going anywhere with you.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm not going away.
I'm not going back home just yet.
I'm not going back home.
I'm not going back inside without you.
I'm not going back there.
I'm not going back to Australia.
I'm not going back to Boston.
I'm not going back to sleep.
I'm not going back.
I'm not going because I don't have enough money.
I'm not going camping with Tom.
I'm not going down on you until you take a shower.
I'm not going down that road again.
I'm not going down there.
I'm not going either.
I'm not going far.
I'm not going first.
I'm not going for that.
I'm not going home happy.
I'm not going home.
I'm not going if Tom and Mary are.
I'm not going if Tom and Mary go.
I'm not going if Tom goes.
I'm not going if Tom is.
I'm not going if he goes.
I'm not going if no one else is going to go.
I'm not going if no one else is going.
I'm not going if no one's going to be there.
I'm not going if nobody else is going to go.
I'm not going if nobody else is going.
I'm not going if nobody else is.
I'm not going if you don't invite Mary, too.
I'm not going if you don't invite Tom, too.
I'm not going in again.
I'm not going in any case.
I'm not going in there.
I'm not going in.
I'm not going into details.
I'm not going into that.
I'm not going lower than 20$; take it or leave it.
I'm not going on holiday in July, but in September.
I'm not going on vacation this summer.
I'm not going out because I have to do my homework.
I'm not going out in this weather.
I'm not going out now.
I'm not going out on a limb for you because you never helped me before.
I'm not going out tonight.
I'm not going out with Tom.
I'm not going out.
I'm not going outside.
I'm not going over the speed limit.
I'm not going over there.
I'm not going second, I'm going first.
I'm not going second, I'm going third.
I'm not going shopping today.
I'm not going skating today.
I'm not going that far.
I'm not going that way.
I'm not going there in that clunker.
I'm not going there to socialize.
I'm not going there.
I'm not going through a midlife crisis!
I'm not going to Australia this year.
I'm not going to Australia.
I'm not going to Berlin. I've changed my mind.
I'm not going to Boston anymore.
I'm not going to Boston this weekend.
I'm not going to Boston this year.
I'm not going to Boston.
I'm not going to Boston. I'm going to stay here and teach.
I'm not going to Colombia on vacation.
I'm not going to Guinea anymore.
I'm not going to Russia anymore.
I'm not going to Spain on holiday.
I'm not going to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I'm not going to Tom's apartment.
I'm not going to Tom's concert.
I'm not going to Tom's house.
I'm not going to Tom's party.
I'm not going to Tom's place.
I'm not going to Tom's.
I'm not going to abandon you.
I'm not going to accept any more insults from you.
I'm not going to accompany the children to school.
I'm not going to agree to do that.
I'm not going to agree to your proposal so readily.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that again.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that anymore.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that to you.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that.
I'm not going to allow Tom to go to Mary's party.
I'm not going to allow Tom to talk with Mary.
I'm not going to allow anybody to hurt you.
I'm not going to allow it.
I'm not going to allow that to happen.
I'm not going to allow that.
I'm not going to allow this to happen again.
I'm not going to allow you to do that.
I'm not going to an emergency room for a first-degree burn.
I'm not going to answer any more questions.
I'm not going to answer that question.
I'm not going to answer that.
I'm not going to answer your question.
I'm not going to apologize to Tom.
I'm not going to apologize.
I'm not going to apologize. What are you going to do about it?
I'm not going to argue further.
I'm not going to argue this with Tom anymore.
I'm not going to argue with Tom.
I'm not going to argue with you, Tom.
I'm not going to argue with you.
I'm not going to arrest you.
I'm not going to ask Tom for anything.
I'm not going to ask Tom how much money he has.
I'm not going to ask Tom how to do that.
I'm not going to ask Tom that question.
I'm not going to ask Tom that.
I'm not going to ask Tom to do that.
I'm not going to ask Tom to help me do that.
I'm not going to ask Tom to stop doing that.
I'm not going to ask Tom what he did.
I'm not going to ask Tom what his problem is.
I'm not going to ask Tom where he's been.
I'm not going to ask Tom who he learned that from.
I'm not going to ask Tom why he did that.
I'm not going to ask again.
I'm not going to ask anyone else.
I'm not going to ask him.
I'm not going to ask them to leave.
I'm not going to ask you again.
I'm not going to ask you to do that.
I'm not going to ask.
I'm not going to back down.
I'm not going to be a coach.
I'm not going to be a part of this.
I'm not going to be a yes man.
I'm not going to be able to come tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to do everything by myself.
I'm not going to be able to do that alone.
I'm not going to be able to do that by myself.
I'm not going to be able to do that on my own.
I'm not going to be able to do that today.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to finish this before 2:30.
I'm not going to be able to fit your suitcase in the trunk.
I'm not going to be able to fly on that day.
I'm not going to be able to go to Australia with Tom tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to go to Boston with Tom tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to help Tom.
I'm not going to be able to stand this much longer.
I'm not going to be afraid again.
I'm not going to be afraid anymore.
I'm not going to be at school tomorrow, I'm going to be in Madrid.
I'm not going to be at this afternoon's meeting.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to be embarrassed anymore.
I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
I'm not going to be home that morning so I won't be able to check my email on my computer, so send it to my cellphone instead.
I'm not going to be home that morning so I won't be able to check my email on my computer, so text me it instead.
I'm not going to be home tonight.
I'm not going to be indiscreet.
I'm not going to be late if I can avoid it.
I'm not going to be part of this charade.
I'm not going to be pushed around by you or anyone else.
I'm not going to be that much help.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Mary what she needs to do.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom to do that.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom what he needs to do.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom what to do.
I'm not going to be there, either.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be very happy.
I'm not going to be working tomorrow. Tom won't be working either.
I'm not going to be working with you anymore.
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
I'm not going to beat around the bush. Have you and Tom had sex?
I'm not going to bed early tonight.
I'm not going to bed yet.
I'm not going to beg you to do that.
I'm not going to beg you.
I'm not going to betray you.
I'm not going to bite you.
I'm not going to blame others for my mistakes anymore.
I'm not going to blame you.
I'm not going to bother doing that.
I'm not going to build temples in Ukraine.
I'm not going to buy bread.
I'm not going to buy fruit at the market today.
I'm not going to buy one of those, at least not yet.
I'm not going to buy that CD. It's scratched.
I'm not going to buy that disc. It's scratched.
I'm not going to buy that record. It's scratched.
I'm not going to buy that.
I'm not going to buy this shirt for Tom because he'd never wear it.
I'm not going to buy this shirt.
I'm not going to buy this.
I'm not going to buy you a yacht.
I'm not going to call Tom right now.
I'm not going to call Tom.
I'm not going to call anybody.
I'm not going to call her.
I'm not going to call him.
I'm not going to call them.
I'm not going to call you.
I'm not going to carelessly blurt out something that would cause trouble!
I'm not going to change my mind.
I'm not going to change my opinion no matter how much you scoff.
I'm not going to change that.
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.
I'm not going to change who I am.
I'm not going to change your mind.
I'm not going to change.
I'm not going to chase Tom.
I'm not going to choose him.
I'm not going to church today.
I'm not going to class because I didn't do the homework.
I'm not going to class tomorrow.
I'm not going to close the door.
I'm not going to come either.
I'm not going to compete tomorrow.
I'm not going to compete.
I'm not going to complain anymore.
I'm not going to complain.
I'm not going to consider it, ever.
I'm not going to continue your work.
I'm not going to contradict myself.
I'm not going to crack.
I'm not going to cross the road here because it's too dangerous.
I'm not going to cry about it.
I'm not going to cry.
I'm not going to dance with any Tom, Dick or Harry.
I'm not going to dance.
I'm not going to defend Tom.
I'm not going to deny it.
I'm not going to deny that.
I'm not going to die today.
I'm not going to die, am I?
I'm not going to die.
I'm not going to disappear.
I'm not going to discuss it any further.
I'm not going to discuss this subject openly with you.
I'm not going to discuss this with you.
I'm not going to discuss this.
I'm not going to dissuade you from going up that mountain. Just watch out for the yetis.
I'm not going to do anything about it.
I'm not going to do anything about that, at least not tonight.
I'm not going to do anything about that.
I'm not going to do anything else today.
I'm not going to do anything for you.
I'm not going to do anything to you.
I'm not going to do anything until I talk to Tom.
I'm not going to do anything you don't want me to.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do business in France.
I'm not going to do everything Tom has asked me to do.
I'm not going to do everything for you.
I'm not going to do everything you've asked me to do.
I'm not going to do it again.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
I'm not going to do it this time.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do much better.
I'm not going to do that again.
I'm not going to do that anymore.
I'm not going to do that either.
I'm not going to do that if I don't have to.
I'm not going to do that next weekend.
I'm not going to do that now.
I'm not going to do that right away.
I'm not going to do that right now.
I'm not going to do that the way I was told to.
I'm not going to do that the way Tom showed me.
I'm not going to do that the way Tom suggested.
I'm not going to do that the way Tom told me to.
I'm not going to do that the way you suggested.
I'm not going to do that today.
I'm not going to do that tomorrow.
I'm not going to do that unless Tom does it, too.
I'm not going to do that unless you do it with me.
I'm not going to do that unless you help me.
I'm not going to do that until Monday.
I'm not going to do that with Tom today.
I'm not going to do that with Tom.
I'm not going to do that with you.
I'm not going to do that!
I'm not going to do that, at least not now.
I'm not going to do that, at least not tonight.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do the washing-up.
I'm not going to do this again.
I'm not going to do this anymore.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do to you what you want me to do.
I'm not going to do to you what you're longing for me to do.
I'm not going to do what you ask.
I'm not going to do your job for you.
I'm not going to do your work for you.
I'm not going to download your app.
I'm not going to drag their luggage around.
I'm not going to drag their suitcases around.
I'm not going to drink from the same glass as you.
I'm not going to drink this.
I'm not going to drive today.
I'm not going to eat any more cherries.
I'm not going to eat anything you cook.
I'm not going to eat breakfast today.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not going to eat now.
I'm not going to eat something this stinky.
I'm not going to eat that much.
I'm not going to eat that.
I'm not going to eat the rest of my sandwich.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to explain anything to you.
I'm not going to explain it to you again.
I'm not going to explain it to you.
I'm not going to explain that to you now.
I'm not going to fall off the ladder, am I?
I'm not going to fall.
I'm not going to fight a duel.
I'm not going to fight with you anymore.
I'm not going to fight you.
I'm not going to fire you.
I'm not going to follow Tom's advice.
I'm not going to follow Tom.
I'm not going to follow you.
I'm not going to fool myself anymore.
I'm not going to fool myself.
I'm not going to force Tom to do that.
I'm not going to force myself to love you.
I'm not going to force you to do anything that you don't want to do.
I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want to do.
I'm not going to force you to do that.
I'm not going to force you.
I'm not going to forget this.
I'm not going to forget you.
I'm not going to forgive you.
I'm not going to get a hangover because I took this drug.
I'm not going to get better.
I'm not going to get dragged into that.
I'm not going to get fired. At least, I hope I'm not.
I'm not going to get fired. At least, I hope not.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
I'm not going to get involved.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get married anytime soon.
I'm not going to get married.
I'm not going to get up.
I'm not going to give Tom a chance to do that.
I'm not going to give Tom an apple.
I'm not going to give Tom the apple.
I'm not going to give any more.
I'm not going to give them anything to eat.
I'm not going to give this to you.
I'm not going to give up on Tom.
I'm not going to give up.
I'm not going to give you BS.
I'm not going to give you a choice.
I'm not going to give you a discount.
I'm not going to give you any money.
I'm not going to give you detention.
I'm not going to give you my phone number.
I'm not going to give you the answer.
I'm not going to go anywhere.
I'm not going to go back to Boston ever again.
I'm not going to go back.
I'm not going to go either.
I'm not going to go fishing with you.
I'm not going to go in there by myself.
I'm not going to go in there.
I'm not going to go shopping with Tom today.
I'm not going to go skiing next weekend.
I'm not going to go swimming this afternoon.
I'm not going to go swimming today.
I'm not going to go there again.
I'm not going to go there anymore.
I'm not going to go there.
I'm not going to go to Australia next week.
I'm not going to go to Australia next year.
I'm not going to go to Australia this month.
I'm not going to go to Australia with Tom.
I'm not going to go to Australia with you.
I'm not going to go to Boston anymore.
I'm not going to go to Boston next week.
I'm not going to go to Boston next weekend.
I'm not going to go to Boston this month.
I'm not going to go to Boston until it gets warmer.
I'm not going to go to Boston with Tom.
I'm not going to go to Boston with you.
I'm not going to go to Tom's party.
I'm not going to go to a hotel.
I'm not going to go to school today.
I'm not going to go to school.
I'm not going to go to the party.
I'm not going to go unless you go.
I'm not going to go vote. After all, it doesn't matter who's in charge.
I'm not going to go with you.
I'm not going to go.
I'm not going to grant that request.
I'm not going to have a mid-life crisis because I can't afford a sports car.
I'm not going to have any fun.
I'm not going to have children.
I'm not going to have kids.
I'm not going to have this stupid argument with you anymore.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to help Tom do that.
I'm not going to help Tom.
I'm not going to help her.
I'm not going to help him.
I'm not going to help them.
I'm not going to help you anymore.
I'm not going to help you do that.
I'm not going to help you if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to help you.
I'm not going to hide from that.
I'm not going to hide.
I'm not going to hit you.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
I'm not going to hold that against you.
I'm not going to hold your hand.
I'm not going to hug Tom.
I'm not going to hurt you.
I'm not going to invest in your bar.
I'm not going to judge you.
I'm not going to just throw it away.
I'm not going to keep it.
I'm not going to kill you.
I'm not going to kiss Tom.
I'm not going to kiss you if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to kiss you, Tom.
I'm not going to kiss you.
I'm not going to leave her.
I'm not going to leave if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to leave my house next weekend.
I'm not going to leave the house today.
I'm not going to leave them.
I'm not going to leave this place.
I'm not going to leave this up to Tom.
I'm not going to leave today.
I'm not going to leave until I find out what happened.
I'm not going to leave you alone with Tom again.
I'm not going to leave you here all alone.
I'm not going to leave you here alone.
I'm not going to leave you here by yourself.
I'm not going to leave you.
I'm not going to lend you any money.
I'm not going to let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that to you.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I'm not going to let Tom borrow my car.
I'm not going to let Tom date my daughter.
I'm not going to let Tom die.
I'm not going to let Tom do that again.
I'm not going to let Tom do that anymore.
I'm not going to let Tom do that to you.
I'm not going to let Tom do that.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car again.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car anymore.
I'm not going to let Tom drive.
I'm not going to let Tom get to me.
I'm not going to let Tom go home early.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Australia.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Boston by himself.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Boston.
I'm not going to let Tom go.
I'm not going to let Tom harass me.
I'm not going to let Tom hurt you again.
I'm not going to let Tom hurt you.
I'm not going to let Tom push me around.
I'm not going to let Tom sing.
I'm not going to let Tom to do that.
I'm not going to let a snot-nosed brat order me around!
I'm not going to let anybody do that.
I'm not going to let anybody stop me from doing that.
I'm not going to let anybody stop me.
I'm not going to let anyone do that.
I'm not going to let anyone stop me from doing that.
I'm not going to let anyone stop me.
I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you.
I'm not going to let anything happen to you.
I'm not going to let him push me around.
I'm not going to let it happen.
I'm not going to let it lie.
I'm not going to let my children do that.
I'm not going to let myself be fired.
I'm not going to let that happen again.
I'm not going to let that happen.
I'm not going to let them push me around.
I'm not going to let this happen.
I'm not going to let you boss me around.
I'm not going to let you commit suicide.
I'm not going to let you do it.
I'm not going to let you do that.
I'm not going to let you do what you want anymore.
I'm not going to let you down.
I'm not going to let you drive.
I'm not going to let you get away with this.
I'm not going to let you get away.
I'm not going to let you go back to Australia.
I'm not going to let you go back to Boston.
I'm not going to let you go out dressed like that.
I'm not going to let you go to Tom's party.
I'm not going to let you go to the dance with Tom.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you hurt Tom.
I'm not going to let you leave.
I'm not going to let you rule over me.
I'm not going to let you spend your birthday alone.
I'm not going to let you throw your life away.
I'm not going to let you waste my time.
I'm not going to let you win this argument.
I'm not going to let you win.
I'm not going to lie for you.
I'm not going to lie to Tom.
I'm not going to lie to her.
I'm not going to lie to him.
I'm not going to lie to them.
I'm not going to lie to you.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie. I find K-dramas to be my one and only guilty pleasure. No apologies!
I'm not going to listen to any more of this nonsense.
I'm not going to listen to you.
I'm not going to live here.
I'm not going to live in a barrel, like Diogenes.
I'm not going to live on campus.
I'm not going to lock the door.
I'm not going to look.
I'm not going to lose any sleep over it.
I'm not going to lose any sleep over that.
I'm not going to lose.
I'm not going to lug their suitcases around.
I'm not going to make any comment about this.
I'm not going to make any comment.
I'm not going to make dinner for thirty people.
I'm not going to make excuses for Tom.
I'm not going to make excuses.
I'm not going to make friends in Latvia.
I'm not going to make fun of Tom.
I'm not going to make it on time.
I'm not going to make it there on time.
I'm not going to make it to your party.
I'm not going to make it.
I'm not going to make the same mistake again.
I'm not going to make the same mistake as last time.
I'm not going to make you do anything.
I'm not going to marry Mary.
I'm not going to marry Tom.
I'm not going to marry her.
I'm not going to marry him.
I'm not going to marry you.
I'm not going to mess it up.
I'm not going to miss Tom.
I'm not going to move out.
I'm not going to name names.
I'm not going to need a heavy coat where I'm going.
I'm not going to need any help.
I'm not going to need that.
I'm not going to need to do that.
I'm not going to open the window.
I'm not going to open this.
I'm not going to pack your suitcases for you.
I'm not going to participate in this charade.
I'm not going to pass out.
I'm not going to pay Tom to do that.
I'm not going to pay for that wall.
I'm not going to pay for that.
I'm not going to pay it back.
I'm not going to pay that much.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that again.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that anymore.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that.
I'm not going to play because I twisted my ankle.
I'm not going to play golf with Tom.
I'm not going to play guessing games with you.
I'm not going to play minor chords.
I'm not going to play tennis with you.
I'm not going to play this game.
I'm not going to press charges.
I'm not going to pretend I don't want to go to Australia.
I'm not going to pretend I know how to do that.
I'm not going to pretend that I don't want to go to Australia.
I'm not going to pretend that I don't want to go to Boston.
I'm not going to pretend that I know how to do that.
I'm not going to pretend that I understand French.
I'm not going to pretend that didn't happen.
I'm not going to promise to do that.
I'm not going to prove anything to anyone.
I'm not going to put up with this.
I'm not going to put up with your abuse any longer.
I'm not going to quit now.
I'm not going to quit the club because I am busy.
I'm not going to quit.
I'm not going to read it.
I'm not going to read that.
I'm not going to read this book.
I'm not going to remember it.
I'm not going to remember that.
I'm not going to repeat myself.
I'm not going to respond to you.
I'm not going to reveal details about my private life, but suffice it to say that I'm not a criminal.
I'm not going to reveal her secrets.
I'm not going to reveal their secrets.
I'm not going to rewrite your paper for you.
I'm not going to risk my life doing that.
I'm not going to risk my life.
I'm not going to risk that.
I'm not going to root for anyone.
I'm not going to ruin my clothes.
I'm not going to run after Tom.
I'm not going to run for mayor.
I'm not going to sack you.
I'm not going to say anything about that.
I'm not going to say anything against Tom.
I'm not going to say anything else.
I'm not going to say anything you want to hear.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say it again.
I'm not going to say it twice.
I'm not going to say it wasn't easy.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say this twice.
I'm not going to school anymore.
I'm not going to school on Saturday.
I'm not going to school today!
I'm not going to school today.
I'm not going to school.
I'm not going to scrabble about in the couch cushions for a spare coin.
I'm not going to seduce her.
I'm not going to see anybody else.
I'm not going to see you again.
I'm not going to sell it.
I'm not going to sell the horses.
I'm not going to sell this painting.
I'm not going to sell you my car.
I'm not going to send Tom a Christmas card.
I'm not going to send him a card.
I'm not going to send you away again.
I'm not going to set foot outside the house today.
I'm not going to shoot you.
I'm not going to show Tom how to do that.
I'm not going to show any fear.
I'm not going to show you how to do it.
I'm not going to show you how to do that.
I'm not going to show you this.
I'm not going to show you.
I'm not going to shower today because it's cold.
I'm not going to shut the door.
I'm not going to sign that confession.
I'm not going to sign this.
I'm not going to sign those documents.
I'm not going to sing that song anymore.
I'm not going to sing that song.
I'm not going to sing that stupid song with you.
I'm not going to sing today.
I'm not going to sing.
I'm not going to sit here and listen to you complaining all day.
I'm not going to sit in the front.
I'm not going to skate today.
I'm not going to sleep here.
I'm not going to sleep with you.
I'm not going to speak French anymore.
I'm not going to speak to Tom any more.
I'm not going to speak to Tom anymore.
I'm not going to speculate.
I'm not going to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I'm not going to spy on her.
I'm not going to stand for his behaviour any more.
I'm not going to stand in your way.
I'm not going to start crying.
I'm not going to start doing that today.
I'm not going to start doing that.
I'm not going to stay forever.
I'm not going to stay here much longer.
I'm not going to stay here with you.
I'm not going to stay if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to stay in Australia much longer.
I'm not going to stay in Boston much longer.
I'm not going to stay unless you stay, too.
I'm not going to stay.
I'm not going to stop doing that.
I'm not going to stop looking until I find Tom.
I'm not going to stop now.
I'm not going to stop them.
I'm not going to stop there.
I'm not going to stop working.
I'm not going to stop.
I'm not going to study French anymore.
I'm not going to study French today.
I'm not going to study tonight.
I'm not going to sue you.
I'm not going to sugarcoat it.
I'm not going to swim anymore.
I'm not going to swim.
I'm not going to take advantage of Tom.
I'm not going to take all the credit.
I'm not going to take anything.
I'm not going to take it any more.
I'm not going to take it anymore!
I'm not going to take it anymore.
I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take that chance.
I'm not going to take that risk again.
I'm not going to take that risk.
I'm not going to take the blame for this.
I'm not going to take the children to school.
I'm not going to take the job.
I'm not going to take this anymore.
I'm not going to take this lying down.
I'm not going to take you back to Australia with me.
I'm not going to take you back to Boston with me.
I'm not going to talk about it.
I'm not going to talk about that today.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about them.
I'm not going to talk anymore.
I'm not going to talk to Tom about this.
I'm not going to talk to Tom anymore.
I'm not going to talk to Tom.
I'm not going to talk to her.
I'm not going to talk to him any more.
I'm not going to talk to him.
I'm not going to talk to them.
I'm not going to talk to you about this right now.
I'm not going to talk to you anymore.
I'm not going to talk to you.
I'm not going to talk.
I'm not going to teach French here next year.
I'm not going to teach you French.
I'm not going to teach you how to do that.
I'm not going to teach you how to drive.
I'm not going to tell Tom about what happened.
I'm not going to tell Tom anything that he doesn't already know.
I'm not going to tell Tom anything.
I'm not going to tell Tom how long Mary is planning to be here.
I'm not going to tell Tom how much I bought my car for.
I'm not going to tell Tom how much I paid for my car.
I'm not going to tell Tom how much I weigh.
I'm not going to tell Tom how to do that.
I'm not going to tell Tom my middle name.
I'm not going to tell Tom that I didn't find you.
I'm not going to tell Tom that.
I'm not going to tell Tom what happened.
I'm not going to tell Tom what he should do.
I'm not going to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I'm not going to tell Tom what time Mary is planning to be here.
I'm not going to tell Tom what to do.
I'm not going to tell Tom why I did that.
I'm not going to tell Tom why I didn't do that.
I'm not going to tell Tom.
I'm not going to tell anyone.
I'm not going to tell her that.
I'm not going to tell her.
I'm not going to tell him that.
I'm not going to tell him.
I'm not going to tell that to her.
I'm not going to tell them that.
I'm not going to tell them.
I'm not going to tell you again.
I'm not going to tell you anything you don't already know.
I'm not going to tell you anything.
I'm not going to tell you because you tell Tom everything.
I'm not going to tell you because you're not good at keeping secrets.
I'm not going to tell you her name.
I'm not going to tell you how much the gift cost.
I'm not going to tell you how to do that.
I'm not going to tell you how to live your life.
I'm not going to tell you much more of the case, Doctor. You know a conjuror gets no credit when once he has explained his trick.
I'm not going to tell you my name.
I'm not going to tell you the reason.
I'm not going to tell you twice.
I'm not going to tell you unless you tell me why you want to know.
I'm not going to tell you until I tell Tom.
I'm not going to tell you what Tom and I are going to do.
I'm not going to tell you what happened until you calm down.
I'm not going to tell you what it is.
I'm not going to tell you what to buy.
I'm not going to tell you what to do.
I'm not going to tell you what to say.
I'm not going to tell you what you want to hear. I'm going to tell you what you need to hear.
I'm not going to tell you where Tom and Mary are.
I'm not going to tell you where Tom is.
I'm not going to tell you which way to go.
I'm not going to tell you why I did that.
I'm not going to tell you why.
I'm not going to tell you.
I'm not going to tell.
I'm not going to that movie. I think it's a waste of my time.
I'm not going to that party.
I'm not going to the Basque Country anymore.
I'm not going to the Comoros anymore.
I'm not going to the airport.
I'm not going to the beach with you.
I'm not going to the dentist today.
I'm not going to the library, but I can take you as far as the station.
I'm not going to the meeting.
I'm not going to the mosque tomorrow.
I'm not going to the mosque.
I'm not going to the movies tomorrow.
I'm not going to the movies with you.
I'm not going to throw Tom out.
I'm not going to tolerate this kind of behavior any longer.
I'm not going to tolerate this kind of behavior anymore.
I'm not going to tolerate your mistreatment any longer.
I'm not going to touch it.
I'm not going to translate it.
I'm not going to try doing that.
I'm not going to try to do that today.
I'm not going to try to do that.
I'm not going to try to escape.
I'm not going to try to stop Tom from doing that.
I'm not going to try to stop you from doing that.
I'm not going to try to stop you.
I'm not going to turn Tom in.
I'm not going to turn away.
I'm not going to turn her in.
I'm not going to turn him in.
I'm not going to turn my back on Tom.
I'm not going to turn the other cheek.
I'm not going to turn them in.
I'm not going to turn you in.
I'm not going to use it.
I'm not going to volunteer to do that.
I'm not going to volunteer.
I'm not going to wag my tail when they arrive.
I'm not going to wait any longer.
I'm not going to wait for Tom any longer.
I'm not going to wait for Tom.
I'm not going to wait for ever.
I'm not going to wait for her.
I'm not going to wait for him.
I'm not going to wait for the bus. I'm just going to walk.
I'm not going to wait for them.
I'm not going to wait for you.
I'm not going to wait forever.
I'm not going to wait much longer.
I'm not going to wait to find out.
I'm not going to wait.
I'm not going to walk away.
I'm not going to walk home by myself.
I'm not going to walk there.
I'm not going to walk to school today, I think.
I'm not going to wash up.
I'm not going to wash your car for you.
I'm not going to waste my mana on foolish things.
I'm not going to waste my money.
I'm not going to waste time.
I'm not going to watch TV tonight.
I'm not going to wear a tie.
I'm not going to work for peanuts.
I'm not going to work for you anymore.
I'm not going to work in Australia.
I'm not going to work today.
I'm not going to work tomorrow and Tom isn't going either.
I'm not going to work tomorrow and Tom isn't going to either.
I'm not going to work with you today.
I'm not going to work.
I'm not going to worry about it.
I'm not going to worry about this anymore.
I'm not going to worry about what I can't control.
I'm not going to write a letter in English.
I'm not going to yell at you again.
I'm not going to yell at you anymore.
I'm not going to your house.
I'm not going to your place.
I'm not going unless Tom and Mary go.
I'm not going unless Tom goes.
I'm not going with Tom.
I'm not going with her, 'cause she's like that.
I'm not going with you to Kabylie.
I'm not going with you.
I'm not going without you.
I'm not going, and that's that.
I'm not going.
I'm not gonna be your girlfriend.
I'm not gonna do anything about it.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
I'm not gonna put up with your insults.
I'm not gonna sit there and take it.
I'm not gonna take a no for an answer.
I'm not gonna take care of you for the last of your life.
I'm not gonna tell him I didn't find you.
I'm not good at French and neither is Tom.
I'm not good at French, but I have studied it.
I'm not good at French.
I'm not good at Latin.
I'm not good at Russian.
I'm not good at anything.
I'm not good at basketball.
I'm not good at being lazy.
I'm not good at carpentry.
I'm not good at classifying things.
I'm not good at cooking.
I'm not good at dancing.
I'm not good at doing that because I never practice.
I'm not good at doing that, but Tom is.
I'm not good at doing that.
I'm not good at drawing, but I can write.
I'm not good at drawing.
I'm not good at driving.
I'm not good at eating Japanese food with chopsticks.
I'm not good at either swimming or running.
I'm not good at expressing my feelings.
I'm not good at expressing myself.
I'm not good at fishing.
I'm not good at giving advice.
I'm not good at handling that.
I'm not good at handling this.
I'm not good at it.
I'm not good at keeping secrets.
I'm not good at learning foreign languages, but I was pleasantly surprised by how easy this artificial language was.
I'm not good at lying.
I'm not good at making jokes.
I'm not good at math, so I can't solve this question.
I'm not good at math.
I'm not good at mathematics.
I'm not good at maths.
I'm not good at meeting people.
I'm not good at multitasking.
I'm not good at negotiating.
I'm not good at parallel parking.
I'm not good at piano.
I'm not good at playing the piano because I never practice.
I'm not good at posting stuff online.
I'm not good at pretending.
I'm not good at pronouncing Berber names.
I'm not good at pronouncing Berber words.
I'm not good at pronouncing Berber words. Sorry.
I'm not good at public speaking.
I'm not good at reading maps.
I'm not good at remembering details.
I'm not good at remembering names.
I'm not good at riding.
I'm not good at science, but I remember the Doppler effect.
I'm not good at seizing opportunities at the right time.
I'm not good at self-promotion.
I'm not good at selling myself.
I'm not good at singing country music.
I'm not good at singing the blues.
I'm not good at singing, so I'm going to practice.
I'm not good at singing.
I'm not good at skating.
I'm not good at small talk.
I'm not good at speaking English yet.
I'm not good at speaking French yet.
I'm not good at speaking French.
I'm not good at speaking off the cuff.
I'm not good at sports.
I'm not good at swimming.
I'm not good at talking to people.
I'm not good at telling jokes.
I'm not good at tennis.
I'm not good at that.
I'm not good at thinking logically.
I'm not good at this sort of thing.
I'm not good at this.
I'm not good at writing in French.
I'm not good at writing songs.
I'm not good enough for Tom.
I'm not good enough for her.
I'm not good enough for him.
I'm not good enough for them.
I'm not good enough for you.
I'm not good enough.
I'm not good for you.
I'm not good on technical terms.
I'm not good with Japanese sardines.
I'm not good with apologies.
I'm not good with blueback fish.
I'm not good with children.
I'm not good with figures.
I'm not good with kids.
I'm not good with names.
I'm not good with numbers.
I'm not good with this sort of thing.
I'm not good with this stuff.
I'm not good-looking.
I'm not good.
I'm not great at sports, but I still enjoy playing them.
I'm not greedy.
I'm not grinding their coffee.
I'm not guaranteeing them success.
I'm not guilty nor a bad person.
I'm not guilty of anything.
I'm not guilty! I haven't done anything!
I'm not guilty.
I'm not gullible.
I'm not happy about it either.
I'm not happy about it.
I'm not happy about leaving either, but you can't make a drama out of it.
I'm not happy about that.
I'm not happy about the progress we're making, but it sure could be worse.
I'm not happy about the situation.
I'm not happy about this situation.
I'm not happy about this.
I'm not happy about your results. That's what I wanted to tell you.
I'm not happy here in Australia.
I'm not happy here in Boston.
I'm not happy here.
I'm not happy that it's taking so long.
I'm not happy to be here.
I'm not happy with how I'm living now.
I'm not happy with how the painters painted my office.
I'm not happy with how things turned out.
I'm not happy with it.
I'm not happy with my job.
I'm not happy with my looks.
I'm not happy with that color.
I'm not happy with that.
I'm not happy with the progress I've made.
I'm not happy with the situation.
I'm not happy with this contract.
I'm not happy with this situation.
I'm not happy with this.
I'm not happy with what happened.
I'm not happy with your behavior.
I'm not happy.
I'm not harming anyone.
I'm not harming them.
I'm not having a good day.
I'm not having a good time.
I'm not having an affair.
I'm not having any fun.
I'm not having any of that.
I'm not having any.
I'm not having as much fun as I should when I procrastinate, because I have that lingering guilt in the back of my head of knowing that what I'm doing is wrong.
I'm not having dinner with you tonight.
I'm not having dinner with you.
I'm not having fun.
I'm not having it.
I'm not having lunch with Tom.
I'm not having lunch with her.
I'm not having lunch with him.
I'm not having lunch with them.
I'm not having lunch with you.
I'm not having much luck.
I'm not having second thoughts.
I'm not having sex with anybody else.
I'm not having them drink.
I'm not having this fight again.
I'm not having this.
I'm not having you boss me around, man.
I'm not healthy.
I'm not heating your house.
I'm not helping Tom.
I'm not helping you with this.
I'm not helping.
I'm not helpless, you know.
I'm not helpless.
I'm not her accomplice.
I'm not her friend.
I'm not her type.
I'm not here because of that.
I'm not here early.
I'm not here every day, but I'm here at least three times a week.
I'm not here every day.
I'm not here for a vacation.
I'm not here for fun.
I'm not here for that.
I'm not here for you.
I'm not here if anybody calls.
I'm not here just to look good.
I'm not here on business.
I'm not here right now, but if you leave me a message after the tone, I'll get back to you as soon as possible. Thanks.
I'm not here to arrest you.
I'm not here to buy anything.
I'm not here to buy shoes.
I'm not here to cause trouble.
I'm not here to cause you any trouble.
I'm not here to celebrate.
I'm not here to change your mind.
I'm not here to defend Bouteflika's Algeria.
I'm not here to defend the honor of Algeria.
I'm not here to fight.
I'm not here to help you.
I'm not here to help you. I'm here to stop you.
I'm not here to hurt anybody.
I'm not here to hurt anyone.
I'm not here to hurt you.
I'm not here to look cute.
I'm not here to make friends.
I'm not here to make the decision for you.
I'm not here to put pressure on you.
I'm not here to replace Tom.
I'm not here to see you.
I'm not here to take part; I'm here to take over.
I'm not here to threaten you.
I'm not here to try to change your mind.
I'm not here to win friends.
I'm not here.
I'm not hesitating.
I'm not heterosexual.
I'm not hiding anything from you.
I'm not hiding anything.
I'm not hiding from anybody.
I'm not hiding the truth from them.
I'm not hiding the truth from you.
I'm not hiding.
I'm not high.
I'm not his accomplice.
I'm not his date!
I'm not his daughter.
I'm not his friend.
I'm not his girlfriend.
I'm not his type, and he's not my type.
I'm not his type.
I'm not hitting on you.
I'm not holding my breath.
I'm not holding you back.
I'm not home Sundays.
I'm not home on Sundays.
I'm not home right now.
I'm not home yet because I didn't take the bus.
I'm not home yet.
I'm not home.
I'm not homeless any more.
I'm not homeless anymore, but homelessness hasn't stopped existing.
I'm not homeless anymore.
I'm not homeless, I'm a hipster.
I'm not homeless.
I'm not homesick.
I'm not homophobic, but I have no problem with electroshock therapy for gay people.
I'm not homosexual, but bisexual.
I'm not hoofing it.
I'm not human.
I'm not hung over at all.
I'm not hungry and when I'm hungry, I don't have food.
I'm not hungry any more.
I'm not hungry anymore.
I'm not hungry anyway.
I'm not hungry at all.
I'm not hungry at the moment.
I'm not hungry either.
I'm not hungry now.
I'm not hungry right now.
I'm not hungry yet.
I'm not hungry, but I always want to eat something.
I'm not hungry, but I'd like to eat something.
I'm not hungry, but I'm thirsty.
I'm not hungry.
I'm not hungry. I just had breakfast.
I'm not hungry. I'm satiated.
I'm not hungry. I'm starving.
I'm not hungry. I've just had breakfast.
I'm not hurt badly.
I'm not hurt yet.
I'm not hurt.
I'm not hurting anyone.
I'm not hurting you guys.
I'm not hurting you, am I?
I'm not hurting you.
I'm not hurting your animals.
I'm not ignorant enough to believe that the Earth is six thousand years old.
I'm not ignoring them.
I'm not ignoring you.
I'm not ill any more.
I'm not ill.
I'm not illiterate.
I'm not immature! You're immature!
I'm not immune to flattery.
I'm not impersonating you.
I'm not implying anything.
I'm not imposing my view on anyone.
I'm not impoverishing you.
I'm not impressed by your magic tricks.
I'm not impressed with Tom's work.
I'm not impressed with Tom.
I'm not impressed with anything I've seen so far.
I'm not impressed.
I'm not in Australia anymore.
I'm not in Australia now.
I'm not in Australia right now.
I'm not in Australia.
I'm not in Boston anymore.
I'm not in Boston now.
I'm not in Boston right now.
I'm not in Boston.
I'm not in China.
I'm not in a club.
I'm not in a good mood either.
I'm not in a good mood today.
I'm not in a good mood.
I'm not in a good place financially.
I'm not in a great hurry.
I'm not in a homework-finishing mood.
I'm not in a hurry to at lazeziz.
I'm not in a hurry.
I'm not in a joking mood right now.
I'm not in a mood to eat right now.
I'm not in a mood to go out.
I'm not in a mood to see you today.
I'm not in a party mood.
I'm not in a position to accept it.
I'm not in a position to answer that question.
I'm not in a position to answer.
I'm not in a position to discuss that.
I'm not in a position to give you advice.
I'm not in a position to give you any advice.
I'm not in a position to say anything about that.
I'm not in a position to say.
I'm not in a position to stop it.
I'm not in a rush to learn this entire language.
I'm not in a rush.
I'm not in a very good mood.
I'm not in agreement with your methods at all.
I'm not in any big hurry.
I'm not in any condition to carry such heavy boxes, unfortunately.
I'm not in any danger.
I'm not in any hurry to do that.
I'm not in any hurry.
I'm not in any pain.
I'm not in any particular hurry.
I'm not in any trouble.
I'm not in bed yet.
I'm not in charge here.
I'm not in charge of anything.
I'm not in charge.
I'm not in college anymore.
I'm not in control of the situation. Nothing is happening the way I expected.
I'm not in denial.
I'm not in favor of such a plan.
I'm not in favor of this plan.
I'm not in good shape now.
I'm not in good shape.
I'm not in it for the money.
I'm not in it for the spooks, I'm in it for the sweets.
I'm not in love with Layla.
I'm not in love with Mary.
I'm not in love with Mary. We're just good friends.
I'm not in love with Tom any more.
I'm not in love with Tom anymore.
I'm not in love with Tom.
I'm not in love with anyone.
I'm not in love with her.
I'm not in love with him.
I'm not in love with him. We're just good friends.
I'm not in love with them.
I'm not in love with you anymore.
I'm not in love with you.
I'm not in love!
I'm not in love.
I'm not in mourning.
I'm not in my office now.
I'm not in on Monday.
I'm not in on Sunday.
I'm not in pain.
I'm not in prison.
I'm not in that much of a hurry.
I'm not in the CIA.
I'm not in the best of shape.
I'm not in the habit of staying up late.
I'm not in the habit of talking behind people's backs. I told her to her face what I think of her.
I'm not in the least afraid of dogs.
I'm not in the least afraid of it.
I'm not in the least afraid of snakes.
I'm not in the least bit happy now.
I'm not in the least concerned about the result.
I'm not in the least convinced.
I'm not in the least interested in physics.
I'm not in the least interested in such things.
I'm not in the least surprised.
I'm not in the least worried about it.
I'm not in the least worried.
I'm not in the mood any more.
I'm not in the mood anymore.
I'm not in the mood for Chinese food today.
I'm not in the mood for beer.
I'm not in the mood for company.
I'm not in the mood for fruit.
I'm not in the mood for games.
I'm not in the mood for it any more.
I'm not in the mood for jokes right now.
I'm not in the mood for jokes.
I'm not in the mood for lunch.
I'm not in the mood for pizza.
I'm not in the mood for spaghetti.
I'm not in the mood for that now.
I'm not in the mood for that right now.
I'm not in the mood for that today.
I'm not in the mood for this.
I'm not in the mood right now.
I'm not in the mood to argue with you.
I'm not in the mood to argue.
I'm not in the mood to do that now.
I'm not in the mood to do that right now.
I'm not in the mood to do that today.
I'm not in the mood to do that.
I'm not in the mood to go downtown.
I'm not in the mood to go fishing.
I'm not in the mood to go for a walk.
I'm not in the mood to go out right now.
I'm not in the mood to go to a party.
I'm not in the mood to have this conversation right now. Let's chat later, alright?
I'm not in the mood to help you.
I'm not in the mood to laugh.
I'm not in the mood to reminisce about the past.
I'm not in the mood to sing right now.
I'm not in the mood to watch TV right now.
I'm not in the mood to watch TV this evening.
I'm not in the mood.
I'm not in the office today.
I'm not in the slightest bit embarrassed.
I'm not in to mysterious guys anymore.
I'm not in touch with the older of my elder brothers, but I meet with the other one every week.
I'm not in trouble at all.
I'm not in trouble.
I'm not in your way.
I'm not in.
I'm not inciting them.
I'm not inclined to help Sebastian. He would never thank me for it.
I'm not incompetent.
I'm not indebted to you.
I'm not indispensable.
I'm not infallible.
I'm not inflexible.
I'm not innocent.
I'm not insane!
I'm not insane.
I'm not insecure!
I'm not inside, but outside.
I'm not insolent to them.
I'm not inspired any more.
I'm not inspired anymore.
I'm not inspired.
I'm not installing them.
I'm not insulting her parents.
I'm not insulting their parents.
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
I'm not insulting you. The facts are.
I'm not intending to stay long.
I'm not interested at all.
I'm not interested in Tom's opinion.
I'm not interested in Tom.
I'm not interested in a relationship.
I'm not interested in a serious relationship.
I'm not interested in accumulating a large number of acquaintances.
I'm not interested in altering my routine.
I'm not interested in any of your theories.
I'm not interested in anything Tom and Mary have to say.
I'm not interested in anything Tom does.
I'm not interested in anything Tom has to say.
I'm not interested in anything that Tom has to say.
I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
I'm not interested in anything you're selling.
I'm not interested in anything.
I'm not interested in apologetics.
I'm not interested in art.
I'm not interested in artificial languages.
I'm not interested in astronomy at all.
I'm not interested in baseball.
I'm not interested in becoming a Canadian.
I'm not interested in being rich.
I'm not interested in being wealthy.
I'm not interested in botany.
I'm not interested in carpentry.
I'm not interested in chess.
I'm not interested in cis men.
I'm not interested in committing to a serious relationship.
I'm not interested in dating at this time.
I'm not interested in dating older women.
I'm not interested in dating.
I'm not interested in detective novels at all.
I'm not interested in detective stories at all.
I'm not interested in doing anything with Tom.
I'm not interested in doing that again.
I'm not interested in doing that anymore.
I'm not interested in doing that at all.
I'm not interested in doing that now.
I'm not interested in doing that today.
I'm not interested in doing that with Tom.
I'm not interested in doing that with you.
I'm not interested in doing that, but Tom is.
I'm not interested in doing that.
I'm not interested in fashion at all.
I'm not interested in finding out who my birth parents are.
I'm not interested in football.
I'm not interested in going to Australia.
I'm not interested in going to Boston.
I'm not interested in going to Tom's concert.
I'm not interested in going to any museums today.
I'm not interested in going to the baseball game.
I'm not interested in going to the concert with Tom.
I'm not interested in having a boyfriend at this point.
I'm not interested in hearing about God.
I'm not interested in hearing about what happened.
I'm not interested in hearing any more of your theories.
I'm not interested in hearing any of your theories.
I'm not interested in her.
I'm not interested in him romantically.
I'm not interested in him.
I'm not interested in him. He's just a friend.
I'm not interested in his advice. I don't give a shit about it.
I'm not interested in history.
I'm not interested in learning French.
I'm not interested in learning about your family squabbles.
I'm not interested in learning how to cook Chinese food.
I'm not interested in learning how to cook Thai food.
I'm not interested in learning how to do that.
I'm not interested in learning how to fix a broken table.
I'm not interested in learning how to play the piano.
I'm not interested in learning how to skate.
I'm not interested in learning how to ski.
I'm not interested in learning how to swim.
I'm not interested in learning how to tap dance.
I'm not interested in looking for a boyfriend at this point.
I'm not interested in material gain.
I'm not interested in material gains.
I'm not interested in meeting him in person.
I'm not interested in modern art.
I'm not interested in mountain climbing.
I'm not interested in music.
I'm not interested in natural sciences.
I'm not interested in physics at all.
I'm not interested in poetry.
I'm not interested in politics at all.
I'm not interested in politics.
I'm not interested in science fiction.
I'm not interested in science.
I'm not interested in seeing Tom.
I'm not interested in seeing you anymore.
I'm not interested in sex.
I'm not interested in sharing a home with you.
I'm not interested in soccer anymore. The game became very boring.
I'm not interested in soccer.
I'm not interested in sport.
I'm not interested in sports.
I'm not interested in talking about Tom.
I'm not interested in talking to Tom.
I'm not interested in talking to anybody.
I'm not interested in talking to anyone.
I'm not interested in talking to her.
I'm not interested in tea ceremony or flower arranging.
I'm not interested in that anymore.
I'm not interested in that case.
I'm not interested in that job.
I'm not interested in that kind of movie.
I'm not interested in that kind of thing anymore.
I'm not interested in that kind of thing.
I'm not interested in that sort of thing anymore.
I'm not interested in that, either.
I'm not interested in that.
I'm not interested in the details.
I'm not interested in the pursuit of wealth.
I'm not interested in the same things I think you're interested in.
I'm not interested in the tea ceremony or flower arranging.
I'm not interested in things like that.
I'm not interested in this anymore.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in those.
I'm not interested in visiting Australia.
I'm not interested in visiting Boston.
I'm not interested in what Tom and Mary think.
I'm not interested in what Tom thinks.
I'm not interested in what others think about me.
I'm not interested in what people say.
I'm not interested in what you think.
I'm not interested in you like that. We can just be friends.
I'm not interested in you.
I'm not interested in your book.
I'm not interested in your company.
I'm not interested in your current boyfriend or ex-boyfriends.
I'm not interested in your excuses.
I'm not interested in your explanations.
I'm not interested in your names.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
I'm not interested in your problems.
I'm not interested in your religion.
I'm not interested in your theories!
I'm not interested right now, cat.
I'm not interested!
I'm not interested.
I'm not interested. Buzz off.
I'm not interested; sorry.
I'm not interfering, huh?
I'm not interfering, right?
I'm not interfering.
I'm not interrupting anything, am I?
I'm not intimidated.
I'm not into Asian guys.
I'm not into baseball.
I'm not into it.
I'm not into marriage.
I'm not into pageantry.
I'm not into politics.
I'm not into that.
I'm not into this.
I'm not into you.
I'm not intoxicated.
I'm not invincible.
I'm not invited to parties.
I'm not inviting you.
I'm not involved in this.
I'm not involved with any church.
I'm not involved.
I'm not involving Tom.
I'm not involving her.
I'm not involving him.
I'm not involving them.
I'm not isolated anymore.
I'm not jamming their signal.
I'm not jealous of Tom.
I'm not jealous of her.
I'm not jealous of him.
I'm not jealous of his past.
I'm not jealous of them.
I'm not jealous of your life at all.
I'm not jealous, I just don't like if you talk to her and help her.
I'm not jealous, or at least I don't think I am.
I'm not jealous.
I'm not joking at all.
I'm not joking, I'm only telling you the truth.
I'm not joking, I'm telling you what's true.
I'm not joking, Tom.
I'm not joking, though.
I'm not joking.
I'm not joking. I really mean it.
I'm not judging you.
I'm not judging.
I'm not jumpy.
I'm not just going to give it to you.
I'm not just going to wait around and see what happens.
I'm not just here to look pretty.
I'm not just saying that.
I'm not just sitting around waiting.
I'm not justifying what he did, but you have to admit, his was a labour of love.
I'm not keen on this kind of music.
I'm not keeping their photos.
I'm not keeping this thing.
I'm not kidding about this.
I'm not kidding around.
I'm not kidding you.
I'm not kidding you. Sami is crazy.
I'm not kidding you. Some people actually believe that the world is only six thousand years old.
I'm not kidding!
I'm not kidding.
I'm not late, am I?
I'm not late.
I'm not laughing at you. I'm laughing with you.
I'm not laughing, I'm telling you the truth.
I'm not laughing.
I'm not lazy but diligent.
I'm not lazy.
I'm not lazy. I just don't want to do that.
I'm not lazy. I'm just conserving energy.
I'm not leading you astray.
I'm not leading you there.
I'm not learning Esperanto only to talk about Esperanto.
I'm not learning anything.
I'm not leaving Algeria without my spouse.
I'm not leaving Mary here by herself.
I'm not leaving Tom alone.
I'm not leaving Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I'm not leaving Tom behind.
I'm not leaving Tom here alone.
I'm not leaving Tom here by himself.
I'm not leaving any time soon.
I'm not leaving anytime soon.
I'm not leaving for good.
I'm not leaving her behind.
I'm not leaving her.
I'm not leaving here until I see Tom.
I'm not leaving here until I talk to Tom.
I'm not leaving here.
I'm not leaving him behind.
I'm not leaving the door open.
I'm not leaving the two of you alone.
I'm not leaving them.
I'm not leaving this police station until I see Sami.
I'm not leaving until I get paid.
I'm not leaving until I get what I came for.
I'm not leaving until tomorrow.
I'm not leaving until we talk.
I'm not leaving until you tell me everything.
I'm not leaving until you tell me what I want to know.
I'm not leaving until you tell me what's going on.
I'm not leaving until you tell me where I can find Tom.
I'm not leaving with Tom.
I'm not leaving with her.
I'm not leaving with him.
I'm not leaving with them.
I'm not leaving with you.
I'm not leaving without Tom.
I'm not leaving without her.
I'm not leaving without him.
I'm not leaving without them.
I'm not leaving without you.
I'm not leaving you alone.
I'm not leaving you behind.
I'm not leaving you guys.
I'm not leaving you out.
I'm not leaving you, Layla.
I'm not leaving you, Tom.
I'm not leaving you.
I'm not leaving.
I'm not leaving. I live here.
I'm not legally blind.
I'm not less than you.
I'm not letting Mary do this by herself.
I'm not letting Tom and Mary do that.
I'm not letting Tom anywhere near my car.
I'm not letting Tom do that.
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.
I'm not letting Tom do this.
I'm not letting Tom drive.
I'm not letting Tom go.
I'm not letting Tom in.
I'm not letting Tom near my kids.
I'm not letting it get to me.
I'm not letting up on that.
I'm not letting you do this alone.
I'm not letting you do this.
I'm not letting you do what you want anymore.
I'm not letting you escape from here.
I'm not letting you go alone.
I'm not letting you go by yourself.
I'm not letting you go.
I'm not letting you leave.
I'm not letting you out of my sight.
I'm not lighting their candles.
I'm not like I used to be.
I'm not like Mary!
I'm not like Tom!
I'm not like Tom.
I'm not like anybody else.
I'm not like everybody else.
I'm not like her!
I'm not like her.
I'm not like him!
I'm not like him.
I'm not like most people.
I'm not like normal people.
I'm not like other girls.
I'm not like other people.
I'm not like that anymore.
I'm not like that.
I'm not like the other girls.
I'm not like the other guys. I'm the best and I always say the truth.
I'm not like the rest of these guys.
I'm not like them.
I'm not like you and Tom.
I'm not like you!
I'm not like you.
I'm not likely be able to convince Tom not to do that.
I'm not likely be able to talk Tom into helping you.
I'm not likely be fired for doing that.
I'm not likely be punished for doing that.
I'm not likely be punished for what I did.
I'm not likely change my mind.
I'm not likely do that today.
I'm not likely do that.
I'm not likely get back home until next Monday.
I'm not likely go to Australia until October.
I'm not likely go to Boston until October.
I'm not likely to be able to do that again.
I'm not likely to be able to do that.
I'm not likely to be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I'm not likely to be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I'm not likely to be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
I'm not likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'm not likely to be at tomorrow morning's meeting.
I'm not likely to be finished doing that before Monday afternoon.
I'm not likely to be fired for doing that.
I'm not likely to be forgiven.
I'm not likely to be here on Monday.
I'm not likely to be here tomorrow.
I'm not likely to be late.
I'm not likely to be present at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
I'm not likely to be the first one to do that.
I'm not likely to be the last one to do that.
I'm not likely to be the next one to do that.
I'm not likely to be there tonight.
I'm not likely to change my mind.
I'm not likely to change my opinion.
I'm not likely to do that again.
I'm not likely to do that anymore.
I'm not likely to do that anytime soon.
I'm not likely to do that soon.
I'm not likely to do that today.
I'm not likely to do that.
I'm not likely to ever do that again.
I'm not likely to ever do that.
I'm not likely to fall asleep very quickly.
I'm not likely to find what I'm looking for.
I'm not likely to forget how to do that.
I'm not likely to forget to do that.
I'm not likely to get caught.
I'm not likely to hug Tom.
I'm not likely to kiss Tom.
I'm not likely to laugh.
I'm not likely to need a gun.
I'm not likely to start doing that.
I'm not likely to stop doing that.
I'm not likely to win.
I'm not listening to him.
I'm not listening to music now.
I'm not listening to music.
I'm not listening to you anymore.
I'm not listening to you.
I'm not listening.
I'm not living for the sake of work; I'm working for the sake of a livelihood.
I'm not living in Australia anymore.
I'm not living in Boston anymore.
I'm not living on welfare.
I'm not living with Tom anymore.
I'm not living with her anymore.
I'm not living with him any more.
I'm not living with him anymore.
I'm not lonely any more.
I'm not lonely anymore.
I'm not lonely.
I'm not looking for a favor.
I'm not looking for a fight with you.
I'm not looking for a fight.
I'm not looking for a job any more.
I'm not looking for a job these days.
I'm not looking for a map of Poland, but the whole of Europe.
I'm not looking for a partner.
I'm not looking for a pregnancy.
I'm not looking for a relationship.
I'm not looking for anything.
I'm not looking for love.
I'm not looking for sympathy.
I'm not looking for trouble.
I'm not looking for your sympathy.
I'm not looking forward to Christmas this year.
I'm not looking forward to cleaning the bathroom.
I'm not looking forward to doing that.
I'm not looking forward to seeing Tom.
I'm not looking forward to that.
I'm not looking forward to the evening.
I'm not looking forward to this.
I'm not looking forward to today's meeting.
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow.
I'm not looking forward to weeding the garden.
I'm not looking to blame anybody.
I'm not looking to blame anyone.
I'm not looking.
I'm not lost.
I'm not lost. I'm just not sure where I am.
I'm not lovable.
I'm not lowering the price for them.
I'm not lowering your salaries.
I'm not lucky.
I'm not lying now.
I'm not lying to them.
I'm not lying to you.
I'm not lying.
I'm not lying. I swear to God!
I'm not mad anymore.
I'm not mad at Tom anymore.
I'm not mad at Tom.
I'm not mad at anybody.
I'm not mad at her.
I'm not mad at him over the fact he made a mistake.
I'm not mad at him.
I'm not mad at them.
I'm not mad at you anymore.
I'm not mad at you, I'm mad at me.
I'm not mad at you, since I never expected much from you anyways.
I'm not mad at you.
I'm not mad at you. I'm just disappointed.
I'm not mad at you. I'm mad at myself.
I'm not mad at you. I'm scolding you.
I'm not mad or anything.
I'm not mad yet.
I'm not mad.
I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed.
I'm not mad. I'm just sad.
I'm not made of money.
I'm not making a big deal of it.
I'm not making a decision until I hear from Tom.
I'm not making an omelet for him.
I'm not making any excuses.
I'm not making any guarantees.
I'm not making any plans.
I'm not making any problems for you.
I'm not making any promises.
I'm not making changes.
I'm not making excuses for Tom.
I'm not making excuses.
I'm not making faces at them.
I'm not making faces at them...
I'm not making fun of you.
I'm not making him an omelette.
I'm not making it up!
I'm not making it up.
I'm not making much progress in French.
I'm not making myself clear, am I?
I'm not making myself clear.
I'm not making that mistake again.
I'm not making that up.
I'm not making this up!
I'm not making this up.
I'm not making you do anything.
I'm not making your beds.
I'm not married anymore.
I'm not married but single.
I'm not married to Tom anymore.
I'm not married to Tom.
I'm not married to her anymore.
I'm not married to him anymore.
I'm not married yet.
I'm not married, but divorced.
I'm not married, but my sister is.
I'm not married, either.
I'm not married.
I'm not married. I mean, not anymore.
I'm not married. I'm divorced.
I'm not married. I'm single.
I'm not marrying you and never will.
I'm not marrying you.
I'm not marrying your daughter for all the gold in Fort Knox.
I'm not materialistic.
I'm not mean.
I'm not meddling.
I'm not mentally ill; I'm mentally different.
I'm not mentally ill; I'm neurodivergent.
I'm not mentally prepared for that.
I'm not messing around.
I'm not messing with you.
I'm not messy.
I'm not middle class.
I'm not minimizing the consequences.
I'm not miserable.
I'm not miserable. I'm just not happy.
I'm not misleading you.
I'm not missing this meeting.
I'm not missing this movie.
I'm not mistaken.
I'm not mistrustful; I'm simply cautious.
I'm not mocking, I'm simply telling you what's true.
I'm not mocking, I'm telling you the reality.
I'm not motivated by money.
I'm not motivated enough today.
I'm not motivated.
I'm not moving out of range of that telephone.
I'm not moving out.
I'm not moving to Australia.
I'm not moving to Boston.
I'm not moving to LA.
I'm not moving.
I'm not much better at doing that than Tom and Mary are.
I'm not much better at doing that than Tom is.
I'm not much better at doing that than you are.
I'm not much better than him on that front.
I'm not much for sports to tell the truth.
I'm not much good at anything, but please be kind to me.
I'm not much heavier than you.
I'm not much of a cook.
I'm not much of a dancer.
I'm not much of a dog person.
I'm not much of a drinker.
I'm not much of a golfer.
I'm not much of a mechanic.
I'm not much of a one for art.
I'm not much of a sailor.
I'm not much of a singer.
I'm not much of a swimmer.
I'm not much of a tennis player.
I'm not much of a writer.
I'm not much of an actor.
I'm not much of an artist.
I'm not much of an athlete.
I'm not much older than Tom is.
I'm not much older than Tom.
I'm not much older than he is.
I'm not much older than you are.
I'm not much younger than you are.
I'm not my father.
I'm not my own enemy.
I'm not myself a cook.
I'm not myself a cop.
I'm not myself a journalist.
I'm not myself a programmer.
I'm not myself a teacher.
I'm not myself a translator.
I'm not myself an engineer.
I'm not myself an interpreter.
I'm not myself today.
I'm not myself.
I'm not naive to that fact.
I'm not naive, I'm just an optimist.
I'm not naive.
I'm not naive. I'm just optimistic.
I'm not naked.
I'm not narrow-minded.
I'm not nearly as smart as people think I am.
I'm not neat.
I'm not nervous around Tom.
I'm not nervous at all.
I'm not nervous.
I'm not nice even though I'm rich; I'm nice because I'm rich.
I'm not nice.
I'm not normal.
I'm not normally a jealous person.
I'm not now going to work with you.
I'm not now in a position to help you.
I'm not obese.
I'm not obligated to do that.
I'm not obligated to slavishly submit to my desires.
I'm not obliged to do it for Tom.
I'm not observant, but Judaism is important to me.
I'm not obsessed with blaming you.
I'm not obsessed with money.
I'm not of Serbian nationality.
I'm not off for another thirty minutes.
I'm not offended by anyone.
I'm not offended.
I'm not often invited to parties.
I'm not often wrong.
I'm not old enough to do that by myself.
I'm not old enough to do that on my own.
I'm not old enough to do that yet.
I'm not old enough to do that.
I'm not old enough to drink.
I'm not old enough to get a driver's license.
I'm not old enough to go to school.
I'm not old enough to join the army.
I'm not old enough to vote.
I'm not old enough.
I'm not old fashioned.
I'm not old.
I'm not older than Tom.
I'm not older than him.
I'm not on Tom's side.
I'm not on Tom's team.
I'm not on a diet anymore.
I'm not on a diet.
I'm not on anybody's side.
I'm not on call tomorrow.
I'm not on drugs.
I'm not on duty this week.
I'm not on duty today.
I'm not on duty.
I'm not on good terms with my family.
I'm not on my own.
I'm not on speaking terms with Tom.
I'm not on the jury.
I'm not on the list.
I'm not on the spectrum.
I'm not on track with my diet!
I'm not one for public confrontation.
I'm not one for public displays of affection.
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.
I'm not one hundred percent convinced that's true.
I'm not one hundred percent wrong.
I'm not one of the good Jews.
I'm not one of them.
I'm not one of those folks.
I'm not one of those men who hates women.
I'm not one of your employees.
I'm not one of your patients.
I'm not one of your soldiers.
I'm not one of your students.
I'm not one to gossip.
I'm not one to hold a grudge.
I'm not one to judge.
I'm not one to sit around.
I'm not only studying English, but I'm also studying French.
I'm not open to change.
I'm not open to new experiences.
I'm not opening the door for Tom.
I'm not opposed to doing that.
I'm not opposed to going back to Australia.
I'm not opposed to going back to Boston.
I'm not opposed to speaking up on this matter.
I'm not opposed to trying things like that.
I'm not optimistic about how things will turn out.
I'm not optimistic at this point.
I'm not optimistic.
I'm not ordering food.
I'm not ordering sandwiches for them.
I'm not ordinarily picky about food.
I'm not outgoing.
I'm not over Tom.
I'm not over it.
I'm not over the hill yet.
I'm not over thirty years old.
I'm not overly concerned about that.
I'm not overly concerned.
I'm not overly interested in the event.
I'm not overly optimistic.
I'm not overreacting.
I'm not overweight.
I'm not overwhelmed.
I'm not paid much.
I'm not paid to do that.
I'm not panicking.
I'm not paranoid, they do follow me!
I'm not paranoid, they really follow me!
I'm not paranoid.
I'm not paranoid; they really are out to get me!
I'm not paranoid; they really are persecuting me!
I'm not part of his circle.
I'm not particular.
I'm not particularly fond of cinnamon.
I'm not particularly fussy.
I'm not particularly good at doing that.
I'm not particularly hungry right now.
I'm not particularly impressed.
I'm not particularly interested in that event.
I'm not particularly keen on this kind of music.
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.
I'm not particularly worried.
I'm not passionate about rice.
I'm not passive aggressive, unlike some people.
I'm not patient.
I'm not patronizing you.
I'm not paying attention because I'm writing.
I'm not paying for it.
I'm not paying for that.
I'm not paying for this.
I'm not paying good money for distressed clothes.
I'm not paying this.
I'm not paying you.
I'm not paying.
I'm not perfect, I know that.
I'm not perfect.
I'm not permitted to discuss that with you.
I'm not permitted to do that anymore.
I'm not permitted to do that either.
I'm not permitted to do that.
I'm not permitted to say.
I'm not persuaded.
I'm not pessimistic, but skeptical.
I'm not pessimistic.
I'm not petting their dog.
I'm not petty.
I'm not photogenic.
I'm not physically able to participate.
I'm not picking their olives.
I'm not picking your figs.
I'm not picky about what I eat.
I'm not picky with my professors. My issue is that there aren't enough sections for me to fit all the classes I need into my schedule.
I'm not picky.
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.
I'm not placing blame.
I'm not placing you under arrest.
I'm not planning anything.
I'm not planning on doing that again.
I'm not planning on doing that anymore.
I'm not planning on doing that by myself.
I'm not planning on doing that today.
I'm not planning on doing that tomorrow.
I'm not planning on doing that until Tom asks me to.
I'm not planning on doing that.
I'm not planning on forgiving him.
I'm not planning on going anywhere today.
I'm not planning on staying here very long.
I'm not planning on staying in Australia much longer.
I'm not planning on staying in Australia very long.
I'm not planning on staying in Boston much longer.
I'm not planning on staying in Boston very long.
I'm not planning on traveling right now.
I'm not planning to ask him.
I'm not planning to do that again.
I'm not planning to do that anymore.
I'm not planning to do that by myself.
I'm not planning to do that now.
I'm not planning to do that today.
I'm not planning to do that tomorrow.
I'm not planning to do that until Tom asks me to.
I'm not planning to do that.
I'm not planning to get married.
I'm not planning to get wet.
I'm not planning to go anywhere today.
I'm not planning to go back to Boston for a while.
I'm not planning to help, but Tom and Mary are.
I'm not planning to help, but Tom is.
I'm not planning to meet Tom at the airport.
I'm not planning to return.
I'm not planning to stay in Australia much longer.
I'm not planning to stay in Australia very long.
I'm not planning to stay in Boston much longer.
I'm not planning to stay in Boston very long.
I'm not planning to stay long.
I'm not planning to stay.
I'm not planning to tell Tom the truth.
I'm not planning to travel right now.
I'm not planning to visit Boston on this trip.
I'm not planning to visit Boston.
I'm not planning to wear a sweater today.
I'm not planning to work on Monday.
I'm not planting their trees.
I'm not playing a game.
I'm not playing their game.
I'm not playing with you now.
I'm not playing with you.
I'm not playing with your feelings.
I'm not pleased with how things turned out.
I'm not pleased with the quality of your job.
I'm not pleased with the quality of your work.
I'm not pleased.
I'm not poor, but not rich either.
I'm not poor.
I'm not popular in the office.
I'm not popular with the girls at all, and I don't even have a girlfriend. Do you?
I'm not popular.
I'm not positive that this is what we should be doing.
I'm not positive this is what we should be doing.
I'm not positive, but I think Tom has already done that.
I'm not pouting.
I'm not powerless.
I'm not practising today.
I'm not pregnant.
I'm not prejudiced against anyone.
I'm not prejudiced against black people.
I'm not prepared for retirement.
I'm not prepared for this.
I'm not prepared to compromise.
I'm not prepared to deal with that.
I'm not prepared to do it.
I'm not prepared to do that yet.
I'm not prepared to do that.
I'm not prepared to do this.
I'm not prepared to forget it.
I'm not prepared to lie for you.
I'm not prepared to share this information with you.
I'm not prepared.
I'm not presentable.
I'm not pressed for money.
I'm not pressuring them.
I'm not pressuring you.
I'm not pretty.
I'm not privy to their decisions.
I'm not protecting him.
I'm not proud of how I acted.
I'm not proud of how I handled that situation.
I'm not proud of it.
I'm not proud of my behavior.
I'm not proud of my behaviour.
I'm not proud of my daughter.
I'm not proud of my past.
I'm not proud of my son.
I'm not proud of myself.
I'm not proud of that.
I'm not proud of the choices I made.
I'm not proud of the choices I've made.
I'm not proud of this country; no, I'm actually ashamed of it.
I'm not proud of this.
I'm not proud of what I did.
I'm not proud of what I've done.
I'm not proud of you at this moment.
I'm not proud of you.
I'm not proud to be Canadian.
I'm not proud to be an American.
I'm not proud.
I'm not provoking their daughters.
I'm not psychic.
I'm not pulling out her teeth.
I'm not pulling out their teeth.
I'm not pulling your leg.
I'm not punishing you.
I'm not pushing their car.
I'm not pushing them.
I'm not putting anything at risk.
I'm not putting you in a trap.
I'm not putting you under arrest.
I'm not qualified for that job.
I'm not qualified for this internship.
I'm not qualified to do that.
I'm not qualified to do this job.
I'm not qualified.
I'm not queer.
I'm not questioning your competence.
I'm not quite 150 centimeters tall.
I'm not quite done here.
I'm not quite finished yet.
I'm not quite finished.
I'm not quite happy at the moment.
I'm not quite happy with the wording of this sentence.
I'm not quite myself today.
I'm not quite prepared for this.
I'm not quite ready to do that.
I'm not quite ready yet.
I'm not quite ready.
I'm not quite sure about that anymore.
I'm not quite sure how to describe what happened.
I'm not quite sure how to do that.
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
I'm not quite sure what I should be doing.
I'm not quite sure what I should do.
I'm not quite sure what I should tell Tom.
I'm not quite sure what to do.
I'm not quite sure what to make of this.
I'm not quite sure what to tell Tom.
I'm not quite sure where I should go.
I'm not quite sure where Tom and Mary live.
I'm not quite sure where Tom lives.
I'm not quite sure where you live.
I'm not quite sure whether I should buy it or not.
I'm not quite sure who I should ask.
I'm not quite sure who I should talk to.
I'm not quite sure who we should hire.
I'm not quite sure why you'd want to come with us.
I'm not quite sure yet what I'll do.
I'm not quite sure yet.
I'm not quite sure.
I'm not quite there yet.
I'm not quite well.
I'm not quitting now.
I'm not quitting.
I'm not racist, I just hate everybody.
I'm not racist, and I have nothing against those people, but we have to do something about the fact that they're outbreeding us five to one.
I'm not racist, but I just don't like those people.
I'm not racist, but I just don't like you people.
I'm not racist, but I vote for racist politicians with racist policy plans.
I'm not racist, but humans make me uncomfortable.
I'm not racist, but...
I'm not racist.
I'm not reading a newspaper.
I'm not reading anything.
I'm not reading that.
I'm not reading the newspaper.
I'm not ready either.
I'm not ready for a change yet.
I'm not ready for a relationship.
I'm not ready for a serious relationship yet.
I'm not ready for a serious relationship.
I'm not ready for it yet.
I'm not ready for marriage.
I'm not ready for that responsibility.
I'm not ready for that to happen.
I'm not ready for that.
I'm not ready for the exam.
I'm not ready for this.
I'm not ready to be a mother.
I'm not ready to be in a serious relationship again.
I'm not ready to die yet.
I'm not ready to die.
I'm not ready to do it.
I'm not ready to do that either.
I'm not ready to do that yet.
I'm not ready to do that.
I'm not ready to fight.
I'm not ready to forgive you yet.
I'm not ready to get married just yet.
I'm not ready to get married.
I'm not ready to give up just yet.
I'm not ready to give up yet.
I'm not ready to give up.
I'm not ready to go back yet.
I'm not ready to go home yet.
I'm not ready to go home.
I'm not ready to go yet.
I'm not ready to go.
I'm not ready to have a child.
I'm not ready to have kids yet.
I'm not ready to leave yet.
I'm not ready to leave.
I'm not ready to quit yet.
I'm not ready to quit.
I'm not ready to retire yet.
I'm not ready to retire.
I'm not ready to run a car dealership in Boston.
I'm not ready to settle down yet.
I'm not ready to settle down.
I'm not ready to show you my true nature.
I'm not ready to sing in public.
I'm not ready to stop.
I'm not ready to take on the responsibilities and commitments that come with marriage.
I'm not ready to take the great step of marriage.
I'm not ready to talk about it yet.
I'm not ready to talk about it.
I'm not ready yet for a serious relationship.
I'm not ready yet.
I'm not ready.
I'm not real good at that.
I'm not real good with kids.
I'm not real proud of that.
I'm not real.
I'm not really a bad person.
I'm not really a big Halloween guy.
I'm not really a coach anymore.
I'm not really a talkative person. It's just that I have a lot of things to tell you.
I'm not really a teacher anymore.
I'm not really all that busy.
I'm not really all that old.
I'm not really allowed to do that.
I'm not really an expert.
I'm not really angry.
I'm not really as mean as people say I am.
I'm not really as rich as everybody thinks I am.
I'm not really as rich as everyone thinks I am.
I'm not really as rich as people say I am.
I'm not really asleep, just dozing.
I'm not really big on buying that stuff.
I'm not really big on curry.
I'm not really busy.
I'm not really concerned.
I'm not really doing that.
I'm not really doing what I'm supposed to be doing.
I'm not really enjoying myself.
I'm not really expecting to hear from Tom.
I'm not really familiar with computers.
I'm not really familiar with your work.
I'm not really feeling the color scheme.
I'm not really fluent, but my French is good enough to make myself understood.
I'm not really fond of rice.
I'm not really going to do that.
I'm not really good with kids.
I'm not really happy with what I did.
I'm not really happy.
I'm not really hungry, but I can eat if it's something light.
I'm not really hungry.
I'm not really in a joking mood.
I'm not really in love with Tom.
I'm not really in the mood for jokes.
I'm not really in the mood for pizza today.
I'm not really in the mood for shopping.
I'm not really in the mood.
I'm not really interested in Tom.
I'm not really interested in buying anything.
I'm not really interested in doing that right now.
I'm not really interested in doing that.
I'm not really interested in mashed potatoes right now.
I'm not really interested, but thanks anyway.
I'm not really interested.
I'm not really into Halloween.
I'm not really into Mercedes SUVs.
I'm not really into dancing.
I'm not really into dancing. I prefer singing.
I'm not really into dogs; I'm more of a cat person.
I'm not really into sports.
I'm not really into that kind of stuff.
I'm not really into the whole Halloween thing.
I'm not really looking forward to doing that.
I'm not really looking forward to that.
I'm not really mad at Tom.
I'm not really mad at her.
I'm not really mad at him.
I'm not really mad at them.
I'm not really mad at you.
I'm not really nervous.
I'm not really planning on doing that.
I'm not really planning to do that.
I'm not really prepared to do that.
I'm not really prepared.
I'm not really ready to do that.
I'm not really religious.
I'm not really serious about managing this project, but I need to be seen to be making the effort.
I'm not really shy about using urinals.
I'm not really sick.
I'm not really supposed to do that.
I'm not really sure about anything.
I'm not really sure about this.
I'm not really sure how this is going to work.
I'm not really sure just what to do.
I'm not really sure what I have to do.
I'm not really sure what I need to do.
I'm not really sure what I should be doing.
I'm not really sure what I should do.
I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to be doing.
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.
I'm not really sure what it is.
I'm not really sure what this is.
I'm not really sure what this means.
I'm not really sure what to do.
I'm not really sure what's involved in that.
I'm not really sure what's wrong.
I'm not really sure when I'm supposed to be there.
I'm not really sure where I should park.
I'm not really sure where I'm supposed to go.
I'm not really sure where Tom is.
I'm not really sure where to begin.
I'm not really sure where to start.
I'm not really sure who I should ask.
I'm not really sure who I should talk to.
I'm not really sure who I'm supposed to talk to.
I'm not really sure who did that.
I'm not really sure why that happened.
I'm not really sure why.
I'm not really sure.
I'm not really surprised.
I'm not really that interested in it.
I'm not really that interested.
I'm not really that old.
I'm not really that sorry.
I'm not really that surprised.
I'm not really that thirsty.
I'm not really trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I'm not really very busy.
I'm not really very religious.
I'm not really very thirsty.
I'm not really willing to shell out $400 for a pair of headphones.
I'm not really worried about it.
I'm not really worried about that.
I'm not really worried.
I'm not really your friend, I was just pretending.
I'm not really your friend. I was just pretending.
I'm not rebuilding them.
I'm not recanting.
I'm not referring to my gender identity or my sexual preference.
I'm not referring to you, for God's sake.
I'm not refuting that.
I'm not registered.
I'm not registering their luggage.
I'm not reinstalling them.
I'm not rejecting you.
I'm not related to Tom.
I'm not related to her.
I'm not related to him.
I'm not related to them.
I'm not related to you.
I'm not religious in the normal sense. I believe the universe is governed by the laws of science. The laws may have been decreed by God, but God does not intervene to break the laws.
I'm not religious, but, however, I wouldn't like a godless world.
I'm not religious.
I'm not removing the paint from your door.
I'm not renting them out.
I'm not repeating myself twice.
I'm not required to do that.
I'm not resisting.
I'm not responsible for Tom's behavior.
I'm not responsible for Tom's behaviour.
I'm not responsible for that.
I'm not responsible for the damage.
I'm not responsible for this.
I'm not responsible for what Tom and Mary have done.
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.
I'm not responsible for what Tom has done.
I'm not responsible for what happened.
I'm not responsible for what he did.
I'm not responsible.
I'm not revealing anything.
I'm not rich and I don't really want to be.
I'm not rich and I don't wish to be.
I'm not rich but have so much to offer.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap stuff.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap things.
I'm not rich enough to buy that.
I'm not rich enough to do that.
I'm not rich enough.
I'm not rich, but I'm happy.
I'm not rich, but not poor either.
I'm not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I'm not rich.
I'm not risking anything.
I'm not rolling up their carpets.
I'm not romantic at all.
I'm not rueful about it.
I'm not ruining my clothing.
I'm not running away from my responsibilities.
I'm not running away.
I'm not running for re-election.
I'm not running.
I'm not sad now.
I'm not sad.
I'm not sad. I'm happy.
I'm not sad. I'm thinking!
I'm not safe here.
I'm not safe in here.
I'm not safe.
I'm not saluting your flag.
I'm not satiated yet.
I'm not satisfied either.
I'm not satisfied that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I'm not satisfied that Tom is guilty.
I'm not satisfied with Tom's progress.
I'm not satisfied with it.
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.
I'm not satisfied with my current situation.
I'm not satisfied with my performance today.
I'm not satisfied with myself.
I'm not satisfied with that company's service.
I'm not satisfied with that.
I'm not satisfied with the answer Tom gave me.
I'm not satisfied with the quality of your work.
I'm not satisfied with the restaurant's service.
I'm not satisfied with the result at all.
I'm not satisfied with the results.
I'm not satisfied with the structure of this sentence.
I'm not satisfied with the way you handled that.
I'm not satisfied with these results.
I'm not satisfied with this.
I'm not satisfied with what you've done.
I'm not satisfied with you.
I'm not satisfied with your explanation.
I'm not satisfied with your performance.
I'm not satisfied yet.
I'm not satisfied.
I'm not saying I want to do that now.
I'm not saying I'm better than Tom.
I'm not saying Tom and Mary are lying.
I'm not saying Tom and Mary are right.
I'm not saying Tom is lying.
I'm not saying Tom is right.
I'm not saying Tom is to blame.
I'm not saying Tom's music is bad.
I'm not saying another word.
I'm not saying anybody's lying.
I'm not saying anything else.
I'm not saying anything else. I'll be quiet.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying goodbye to you.
I'm not saying goodbye.
I'm not saying his music is bad.
I'm not saying it was aliens, but it was aliens.
I'm not saying it's Tom's fault.
I'm not saying it's aliens. But it's aliens.
I'm not saying it's easy.
I'm not saying it's impossible.
I'm not saying it's not possible.
I'm not saying it's right.
I'm not saying no, and I'm not saying yes.
I'm not saying no.
I'm not saying that I'm better than him, or that I'm even on par with him.
I'm not saying that Tom is wrong.
I'm not saying that any of these things are easy to do.
I'm not saying that it's not possible.
I'm not saying that that's good or bad. It's simply a fact.
I'm not saying that we can't win. I'm just saying it's not likely.
I'm not saying that what she did was right.
I'm not saying that you can't win. I'm just saying it's not likely.
I'm not saying that you have to tell me about everything.
I'm not saying that you're ignorant.
I'm not saying that you're not beautiful.
I'm not saying that your answers are always wrong.
I'm not saying that's wrong.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying this is the best way to learn Berber.
I'm not saying this is your fault.
I'm not saying this just because I'm your father.
I'm not saying this just because I'm your sister.
I'm not saying this just because you're my sister.
I'm not saying this to hurt you, but it is the truth.
I'm not saying this to hurt you, but it's the truth.
I'm not saying this to make myself likeable. I mean it.
I'm not saying this to make you feel bad. I'm saying this to encourage you.
I'm not saying this twice.
I'm not saying we're not going to do it.
I'm not saying what she did was the right thing to do.
I'm not saying why.
I'm not saying you can't go. I'm just saying I think you shouldn't go.
I'm not saying you can't swim. I'm just saying I think you shouldn't swim today.
I'm not saying you have to do everything I do.
I'm not saying you have to explain it all to me right now.
I'm not saying you’re wrong.
I'm not scared any more.
I'm not scared anymore.
I'm not scared at all.
I'm not scared of Tom and Mary, but Tom and Mary are scared of me.
I'm not scared of Tom, but Tom is scared of me.
I'm not scared of Tom.
I'm not scared of anybody.
I'm not scared of anything.
I'm not scared of dogs anymore.
I'm not scared of dogs.
I'm not scared of dying.
I'm not scared of her.
I'm not scared of him.
I'm not scared of policemen.
I'm not scared of snakes.
I'm not scared of spiders anymore.
I'm not scared of spiders, unless it's a black widow.
I'm not scared of spiders.
I'm not scared of terrorists.
I'm not scared of the police.
I'm not scared of them.
I'm not scared of women.
I'm not scared of writing longer texts in French, but I won't innately have correct grammar, and I use a dictionary a lot.
I'm not scared of you anymore.
I'm not scared of you one bit.
I'm not scared of you.
I'm not scared of your chickens.
I'm not scared to die.
I'm not scared to do that.
I'm not scared to kiss Tom.
I'm not scared to tell Tom about that.
I'm not scared to tell Tom about what happened.
I'm not scared yet.
I'm not scared! This is fun!
I'm not scared.
I'm not schooled in that subject.
I'm not searching for anything.
I'm not seducing you.
I'm not seeing Tom anymore.
I'm not seeing a poem here.
I'm not seeing the obvious and am rather puzzled.
I'm not self-employed.
I'm not selfish.
I'm not selling anything.
I'm not selling flowers.
I'm not selling the horses.
I'm not selling you my car.
I'm not sending them any further.
I'm not senile.
I'm not sentimental—I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know, is that the sentimental person thinks things will last—the romantic person has a desperate confidence that they won't.
I'm not serious.
I'm not serving them tea.
I'm not setting anything on fire.
I'm not setting them any traps.
I'm not setting you on fire.
I'm not sewing your clothes.
I'm not sharing this with Tom.
I'm not sharing this with her.
I'm not sharing this with him.
I'm not sharing this with them.
I'm not sharpening your swords.
I'm not shitposting.
I'm not shocked.
I'm not shomer shabbos, but Judaism is important to me.
I'm not short.
I'm not shouting.
I'm not showing them the way.
I'm not shy.
I'm not sick anymore.
I'm not sick.
I'm not sick. I'm healthy.
I'm not signing anything.
I'm not signing it.
I'm not signing that.
I'm not signing them.
I'm not signing these.
I'm not silent because I have nothing to say.
I'm not simply holding onto the past and letting it prevent me from moving forward. I'm observing that these certain people have only gotten worse, and using the past experience as a guide, a reminder that interacting with them has never led me anywhere positive.
I'm not singing.
I'm not singling you out.
I'm not sitting here.
I'm not sitting next to Tom.
I'm not sitting next to her.
I'm not sitting next to him.
I'm not sitting next to them.
I'm not skinny.
I'm not sleeping because of you.
I'm not sleeping here.
I'm not sleeping much.
I'm not sleeping now.
I'm not sleeping well currently and now have rings under the eyes.
I'm not sleeping well.
I'm not sleeping.
I'm not sleepy anymore.
I'm not sleepy at all.
I'm not sleepy because I took a nap.
I'm not sleepy because I took an afternoon nap.
I'm not sleepy yet.
I'm not sleepy.
I'm not slow to forgive, but I remember everything.
I'm not small but tall.
I'm not smart enough to do that.
I'm not smart, but at least I'm smart enough to know it.
I'm not smart.
I'm not sneaky. I'm just discreet.
I'm not sneezing as much as I'd expected.
I'm not so brave.
I'm not so busy nowadays.
I'm not so busy, either.
I'm not so busy.
I'm not so certain.
I'm not so confident.
I'm not so convinced.
I'm not so cool.
I'm not so daft as to lend him money.
I'm not so foolish as to lend him money.
I'm not so good as I used to be.
I'm not so good at tennis.
I'm not so good at this.
I'm not so great at following directions.
I'm not so happy.
I'm not so highly endowed.
I'm not so keen on vegetables like these.
I'm not so lucky.
I'm not so motivated to learn French.
I'm not so normal.
I'm not so old.
I'm not so optimistic.
I'm not so picky.
I'm not so poor that I can't send my son to college.
I'm not so rich that I would buy myself cheap shoes.
I'm not so sick that you should talk to me as if I were a baby.
I'm not so simple as to believe you.
I'm not so smart.
I'm not so stupid as to take Germany's television programming seriously.
I'm not so stupid to learn a foreign language with images.
I'm not so sure I could cope with that, at least not as well as you.
I'm not so sure I could do that, at least not as well as you.
I'm not so sure I want the job.
I'm not so sure I want to do this anymore.
I'm not so sure I want to get married.
I'm not so sure I want to go to Australia.
I'm not so sure I want to go to Boston.
I'm not so sure I want to study French.
I'm not so sure Tom and Mary are right.
I'm not so sure Tom and Mary are wrong.
I'm not so sure Tom is right.
I'm not so sure Tom is wrong.
I'm not so sure about Tom.
I'm not so sure about her.
I'm not so sure about him.
I'm not so sure about that any more.
I'm not so sure about that anymore.
I'm not so sure about that.
I'm not so sure about that. I suppose it depends on the situation.
I'm not so sure about this.
I'm not so sure any more.
I'm not so sure anymore.
I'm not so sure how I feel about dress codes.
I'm not so sure if I want to go to Australia.
I'm not so sure it was Tom.
I'm not so sure it was an accident.
I'm not so sure it was her who did it.
I'm not so sure it was him who did it.
I'm not so sure it was them who did it.
I'm not so sure it was time to leave.
I'm not so sure it's what I want to do.
I'm not so sure now.
I'm not so sure of that.
I'm not so sure that I could cope with that, at least not as well as you.
I'm not so sure that I could do that, at least not as well as you.
I'm not so sure that I like Mary as much as the first time I saw her.
I'm not so sure that I like Mary as much as the first time that I saw her.
I'm not so sure that I want to go to Australia.
I'm not so sure that that's really what you want.
I'm not so sure that was a good idea.
I'm not so sure this is such a good idea.
I'm not so sure why Tom is so popular; personally, I like John best!
I'm not so sure.
I'm not so tired.
I'm not so worried.
I'm not so young as I used to be.
I'm not sociable enough.
I'm not softening them.
I'm not some sicko.
I'm not sorry I came.
I'm not sorry I did this.
I'm not sorry I'm late.
I'm not sorry for being a woman.
I'm not sorry for that.
I'm not sorry for what I did.
I'm not sorry for you whatsoever.
I'm not sorry that I did this.
I'm not sorry that I'm late.
I'm not sorry.
I'm not sowing your wheat.
I'm not speaking English.
I'm not speaking to Tom.
I'm not speaking to her.
I'm not speaking to him.
I'm not speaking to you either.
I'm not speaking to you.
I'm not speaking.
I'm not special.
I'm not special. I'm just a limited edition.
I'm not speculating.
I'm not spending anything tomorrow.
I'm not spoiling their view.
I'm not squeamish.
I'm not stalking Tom.
I'm not stalking you.
I'm not stamping their postcards.
I'm not staying here another night.
I'm not staying here long.
I'm not staying here.
I'm not staying in a hotel.
I'm not staying to listen to this! Have a nice day!
I'm not staying with you.
I'm not staying.
I'm not stealing it. I'm just taking it back.
I'm not stingy.
I'm not stoned.
I'm not stopping you.
I'm not stopping.
I'm not straining your tea.
I'm not strange.
I'm not strangling your cats.
I'm not stretching them.
I'm not strong at all.
I'm not strong enough to do that yet.
I'm not strong enough to do that.
I'm not strong enough to do this.
I'm not strong enough to go to school yet.
I'm not strong enough to lift the box by myself.
I'm not strong enough yet to go to school.
I'm not strong enough.
I'm not strong.
I'm not stubborn.
I'm not stubborn. I'm persistent.
I'm not stubborn; I'm persistent.
I'm not stuck.
I'm not studying English.
I'm not studying French anymore.
I'm not studying French now.
I'm not studying French.
I'm not studying now.
I'm not studying.
I'm not stupid enough to believe you.
I'm not stupid enough to climb a mountain in the winter without first making adequate preparations.
I'm not stupid enough to fall for that.
I'm not stupid enough to lend Tom money.
I'm not stupid enough to lend him money.
I'm not stupid, am I?
I'm not stupid, you know.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not stupid. I'm clever.
I'm not stupid. I'm just bad at math.
I'm not stupid. I'm just different.
I'm not such a bad person anymore.
I'm not such a heartless person.
I'm not such an idiot that I believe you.
I'm not suggesting any of us should do that.
I'm not suggesting anything.
I'm not suggesting that any of us should do that.
I'm not suggesting that you did anything.
I'm not suggesting that.
I'm not suggesting we lie to Tom.
I'm not suggesting you do that.
I'm not suggesting you go alone.
I'm not suicidal.
I'm not suing them.
I'm not suited for love.
I'm not suited for relationships.
I'm not sulking.
I'm not superstitious, but that was a black cat.
I'm not superstitious.
I'm not supervising you.
I'm not supposed to be doing that.
I'm not supposed to be doing this now.
I'm not supposed to be doing this right now.
I'm not supposed to be doing this today.
I'm not supposed to be doing this.
I'm not supposed to be here today.
I'm not supposed to be here.
I'm not supposed to be in Australia now.
I'm not supposed to be in Boston now.
I'm not supposed to do that again.
I'm not supposed to do that alone.
I'm not supposed to do that anymore.
I'm not supposed to do that by myself.
I'm not supposed to do that here.
I'm not supposed to do that this late at night.
I'm not supposed to do that today.
I'm not supposed to do that without permission.
I'm not supposed to do that.
I'm not supposed to do this.
I'm not supposed to drink.
I'm not supposed to eat peanuts.
I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm not supposed to help Tom anymore.
I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
I'm not supposed to help Tom with his homework.
I'm not supposed to help you do your homework.
I'm not supposed to help you.
I'm not supposed to leave here.
I'm not supposed to leave the building.
I'm not supposed to let Tom see this.
I'm not supposed to take presents from strangers.
I'm not supposed to talk about it.
I'm not supposed to talk to Tom.
I'm not supposed to talk to anyone about this.
I'm not supposed to talk to you about this.
I'm not supposed to talk to you.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom about what we did.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom anything about that.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom that Mary is coming.
I'm not supposed to tell anybody about what happened.
I'm not supposed to tell anybody.
I'm not supposed to tell anyone about it.
I'm not supposed to tell anyone what happened.
I'm not supposed to tell anyone.
I'm not supposed to tell you.
I'm not sure Boston is where I want to be right now.
I'm not sure Boston is where I want to be.
I'm not sure I agree with Tom.
I'm not sure I agree with her.
I'm not sure I agree with him.
I'm not sure I agree with them.
I'm not sure I agree with you.
I'm not sure I agree.
I'm not sure I believe you.
I'm not sure I can afford it.
I'm not sure I can be all that much help.
I'm not sure I can be of any help.
I'm not sure I can be there by 2:30.
I'm not sure I can believe that.
I'm not sure I can contact Tom.
I'm not sure I can contact her.
I'm not sure I can contact him.
I'm not sure I can contact them.
I'm not sure I can convince Tom.
I'm not sure I can descend from there.
I'm not sure I can do it.
I'm not sure I can do that again.
I'm not sure I can do that.
I'm not sure I can do this anymore.
I'm not sure I can do this on my own.
I'm not sure I can do what you asked me to do.
I'm not sure I can do what you want me to do.
I'm not sure I can fix your bike.
I'm not sure I can get a hold of Tom.
I'm not sure I can help you.
I'm not sure I can share.
I'm not sure I can swim that far.
I'm not sure I can trust Tom.
I'm not sure I can trust her.
I'm not sure I can trust him.
I'm not sure I can trust you.
I'm not sure I can wait much longer.
I'm not sure I can wait that long.
I'm not sure I can win this.
I'm not sure I can win.
I'm not sure I disagree with Tom.
I'm not sure I feel the same way about that.
I'm not sure I feel the same way.
I'm not sure I feel the same.
I'm not sure I follow what you're saying.
I'm not sure I follow you.
I'm not sure I get it.
I'm not sure I have enough time to clean my room before I go to school.
I'm not sure I have enough time to finish this report.
I'm not sure I have enough time to help you.
I'm not sure I have enough time.
I'm not sure I have the answers you're looking for.
I'm not sure I have the time to do that.
I'm not sure I have time for that.
I'm not sure I have to do that again.
I'm not sure I have to do that.
I'm not sure I know what to do.
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at. Please express it differently if you can.
I'm not sure I know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I like it.
I'm not sure I like the damask wallpaper, Tom.
I'm not sure I like this plan.
I'm not sure I like this.
I'm not sure I need to do that again.
I'm not sure I need to do that.
I'm not sure I ought to do that.
I'm not sure I really know how to do it correctly.
I'm not sure I really know what to do.
I'm not sure I really need to do that.
I'm not sure I really understand this.
I'm not sure I really want that.
I'm not sure I really want to do that.
I'm not sure I really want to do this.
I'm not sure I see that as a problem.
I'm not sure I see your point.
I'm not sure I share your optimism.
I'm not sure I should do that again.
I'm not sure I should do that.
I'm not sure I should trust you.
I'm not sure I trust Tom.
I'm not sure I trust her.
I'm not sure I trust him.
I'm not sure I trust that woman.
I'm not sure I trust them.
I'm not sure I trust you anymore.
I'm not sure I trust you.
I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to do.
I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to say.
I'm not sure I understand what Tom meant.
I'm not sure I understand what it's saying.
I'm not sure I understand what you are saying.
I'm not sure I understand what you mean.
I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.
I'm not sure I understand what you're trying to say.
I'm not sure I understand.
I'm not sure I want Tom working for us.
I'm not sure I want any type of relationship with your sort of organization.
I'm not sure I want that.
I'm not sure I want the job.
I'm not sure I want to be doing this.
I'm not sure I want to do anything.
I'm not sure I want to do that again.
I'm not sure I want to do that.
I'm not sure I want to do this now.
I'm not sure I want to do this.
I'm not sure I want to get involved.
I'm not sure I want to get to know Tom.
I'm not sure I want to give this to Tom.
I'm not sure I want to go there by myself.
I'm not sure I want to know what's going on.
I'm not sure I want to know.
I'm not sure I want to see it.
I'm not sure I want to see this.
I'm not sure I want to touch that.
I'm not sure I want you to see this.
I'm not sure I would recognize Tom.
I'm not sure I'd be much help.
I'm not sure I'd notice the difference.
I'm not sure I'd want to live here.
I'm not sure I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I'm not sure I'll be able to do that.
I'm not sure I'll be able to help you with that.
I'm not sure I'll be much help.
I'm not sure I'm going to Tom's wedding.
I'm not sure I'm going to do that.
I'm not sure I'm ready for that yet.
I'm not sure I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure I'm ready for this.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do that yet.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do that.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do this.
I'm not sure I'm ready to tell you yet.
I'm not sure I'm ready.
I'm not sure I'm right.
I'm not sure I've ever met Tom.
I'm not sure I've got it right.
I'm not sure Mary knows what she's doing.
I'm not sure Mary would let anyone help her.
I'm not sure Mary would want Tom to kiss her.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are ever going to be happy.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are going to be there.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are going to survive.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are ready.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are willing to help us.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary both want to go there.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary want to go there.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary want to talk to me.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary would let anyone help them.
I'm not sure Tom can do that again.
I'm not sure Tom can do that.
I'm not sure Tom can hear me.
I'm not sure Tom did anything.
I'm not sure Tom did that.
I'm not sure Tom didn't do that.
I'm not sure Tom enjoyed the party as much as we did.
I'm not sure Tom has to do that again.
I'm not sure Tom has to do that.
I'm not sure Tom is doing that now.
I'm not sure Tom is ever going to be happy.
I'm not sure Tom is going to agree to this.
I'm not sure Tom is going to be there.
I'm not sure Tom is going to be willing to talk to me.
I'm not sure Tom is going to survive.
I'm not sure Tom is ready to do that yet.
I'm not sure Tom is ready.
I'm not sure Tom is willing to help us.
I'm not sure Tom knows what he's doing.
I'm not sure Tom likes that.
I'm not sure Tom needs to do that again.
I'm not sure Tom needs to do that.
I'm not sure Tom ought to do that again.
I'm not sure Tom ought to do that.
I'm not sure Tom really loves me.
I'm not sure Tom recognized me.
I'm not sure Tom should do that again.
I'm not sure Tom should do that.
I'm not sure Tom understands.
I'm not sure Tom understood me.
I'm not sure Tom wants to do that again.
I'm not sure Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure Tom wants to go there.
I'm not sure Tom wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure Tom will agree to that.
I'm not sure Tom will agree to this.
I'm not sure Tom will be able to do that.
I'm not sure Tom will be there.
I'm not sure Tom will do that.
I'm not sure Tom will survive.
I'm not sure Tom would help.
I'm not sure Tom would let Mary do that.
I'm not sure Tom would let anybody help Mary.
I'm not sure Tom would let anybody help him.
I'm not sure Tom would let anyone help Mary.
I'm not sure Tom would let anyone help him.
I'm not sure Tom would let me do that.
I'm not sure Tom would let me drive.
I'm not sure Tom would recognize me.
I'm not sure Tom would want Mary to kiss him.
I'm not sure Tom would want me to give you that.
I'm not sure Tom's going to be willing to talk to me.
I'm not sure Yanni actually exists.
I'm not sure about Hawaii, where there are also many Japanese, but I do find that having at least some Japanese around can be reassuring. That's how I feel.
I'm not sure about Sunday.
I'm not sure about Tom's sanity.
I'm not sure about anything.
I'm not sure about him.
I'm not sure about it at all.
I'm not sure about it.
I'm not sure about its sex.
I'm not sure about my translation.
I'm not sure about my writing skills but if it is needed I will write that text for you.
I'm not sure about that one.
I'm not sure about that.
I'm not sure about that. It depends.
I'm not sure about the date.
I'm not sure about the others, but I plan to be there.
I'm not sure about the second one.
I'm not sure about this at all.
I'm not sure about this.
I'm not sure about who to give the present to - the boy, or the girl?
I'm not sure actually.
I'm not sure anybody believed me.
I'm not sure anybody can help.
I'm not sure anybody would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure anybody would buy one of these.
I'm not sure anybody would do that.
I'm not sure anybody would want to do that.
I'm not sure anymore.
I'm not sure anyone believed me.
I'm not sure anyone can help.
I'm not sure anyone would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure anyone would buy one of these.
I'm not sure anyone would do that.
I'm not sure anyone would want to do that.
I'm not sure anything happened.
I'm not sure as to when he will turn up.
I'm not sure at the moment.
I'm not sure both Tom and Mary want to go there.
I'm not sure either.
I'm not sure exactly what I was expecting.
I'm not sure exactly what you mean.
I'm not sure he truly loves me.
I'm not sure he wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure how I can go on.
I'm not sure how I can help you.
I'm not sure how I can help.
I'm not sure how I did that.
I'm not sure how I feel about him.
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I'm not sure how I feel about this one. Do you buy it?
I'm not sure how I feel right now.
I'm not sure how I got a shilling in my change from the cashier.
I'm not sure how I got there.
I'm not sure how I got up there.
I'm not sure how I should do that.
I'm not sure how I should react.
I'm not sure how Tom will do it.
I'm not sure how Tom will do that.
I'm not sure how accurate that is.
I'm not sure how bad things are.
I'm not sure how familiar you are with the original.
I'm not sure how far away it is.
I'm not sure how it happened.
I'm not sure how it works.
I'm not sure how long I can stay here.
I'm not sure how long I'll be there.
I'm not sure how long this will take.
I'm not sure how long we can stay.
I'm not sure how many beavers live in this area, but there are many.
I'm not sure how many facelifts there are per square mile, but we can factor that into the business plan.
I'm not sure how many hours it took to finish the report.
I'm not sure how much I drank.
I'm not sure how much money I'll need.
I'm not sure how much they are expecting me to donate.
I'm not sure how much we should wait.
I'm not sure how much you'll get out of Tom.
I'm not sure how much you'll get paid.
I'm not sure how often I should be taking this medicine.
I'm not sure how old Tom is.
I'm not sure how practical it would be to do it that way.
I'm not sure how that happened.
I'm not sure how that works.
I'm not sure how they could have confused the two men since one is tall and skinny and the other is short and fat.
I'm not sure how things are going with you, but I'm feeling pretty good today.
I'm not sure how this works.
I'm not sure how to act.
I'm not sure how to answer this.
I'm not sure how to be a good husband and father.
I'm not sure how to be a good mother and wife.
I'm not sure how to begin.
I'm not sure how to bring up the topic with him.
I'm not sure how to deal with this problem.
I'm not sure how to deal with this.
I'm not sure how to do it.
I'm not sure how to do that.
I'm not sure how to do this.
I'm not sure how to fill out the form.
I'm not sure how to get to your house.
I'm not sure how to handle this.
I'm not sure how to make it happen.
I'm not sure how to proceed.
I'm not sure how to pronounce the word.
I'm not sure how to pronounce this word.
I'm not sure how to put this.
I'm not sure how to react.
I'm not sure how to respond to Tom's question.
I'm not sure how to respond to Tom's request.
I'm not sure how to respond.
I'm not sure how to take that.
I'm not sure how to translate that.
I'm not sure how to translate this.
I'm not sure how we can make that happen.
I'm not sure if George will like this idea.
I'm not sure if George will take to this idea.
I'm not sure if I agree with this.
I'm not sure if I already welcomed you to Tatoeba. So possibly for the second time: Welcome!
I'm not sure if I can come tomorrow.
I'm not sure if I can come tonight.
I'm not sure if I can do it.
I'm not sure if I can do that properly.
I'm not sure if I can do that, but I'll try.
I'm not sure if I can do that.
I'm not sure if I can find the time to do that.
I'm not sure if I can host that day.
I'm not sure if I can translate this book.
I'm not sure if I got the point across.
I'm not sure if I have enough money.
I'm not sure if I have the courage to ask for her number.
I'm not sure if I have the time to do that.
I'm not sure if I knew about this or not.
I'm not sure if I like this one or that one.
I'm not sure if I like this painting or not.
I'm not sure if I liked it.
I'm not sure if I locked the door.
I'm not sure if I made my point.
I'm not sure if I miss her or just miss having a girlfriend.
I'm not sure if I should even try to convince Tom.
I'm not sure if I should've told her that.
I'm not sure if I switched the light off.
I'm not sure if I translated it right.
I'm not sure if I translated that right.
I'm not sure if I translated this correctly.
I'm not sure if I translated this right.
I'm not sure if I want to see this.
I'm not sure if I want to talk about that with Tom.
I'm not sure if I will respond.
I'm not sure if I'll do that tomorrow.
I'm not sure if I'll do that.
I'm not sure if I'll go to Australia.
I'm not sure if I'll go to Boston.
I'm not sure if I'll go.
I'm not sure if I'll graduate this year.
I'm not sure if I'll have enough time to do that today.
I'm not sure if I'll manage.
I'm not sure if I'll respond.
I'm not sure if I'm doing this correctly.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to be of much help.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to be there on time.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to come to your party.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to sing tonight.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with Tom or not.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with Tom.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with her.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with him.
I'm not sure if I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure if I'm ready to talk about this right now.
I'm not sure if I'm right.
I'm not sure if I'm stupid or not.
I'm not sure if I'm up for that.
I'm not sure if I've been taking my third lithium dose every day.
I'm not sure if Mary can take care of herself.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary are ready.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary are still in Boston or not.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary do that anymore.
I'm not sure if Tom can do that.
I'm not sure if Tom can speak French.
I'm not sure if Tom can swim.
I'm not sure if Tom can take care of himself.
I'm not sure if Tom does that anymore.
I'm not sure if Tom drinks beer or not.
I'm not sure if Tom drinks wine or not.
I'm not sure if Tom is ready.
I'm not sure if Tom is still in Australia or not.
I'm not sure if Tom is still in Boston or not.
I'm not sure if Tom saw it.
I'm not sure if Tom wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure if Tom will be here this afternoon.
I'm not sure if Tom will be there this afternoon.
I'm not sure if Tom will do that again.
I'm not sure if Tom will do that.
I'm not sure if Tom will go.
I'm not sure if Tom will like this idea.
I'm not sure if Tom will remember anything.
I'm not sure if Tom will show up.
I'm not sure if William is the type of person who likes surprises or not.
I'm not sure if William is the type of person who likes to party or not.
I'm not sure if all of that is true.
I'm not sure if he heard me.
I'm not sure if he knows where he comes from.
I'm not sure if he saw it.
I'm not sure if he will have regrets or not.
I'm not sure if it really matters.
I'm not sure if it was Tom who did that.
I'm not sure if it was good or bad.
I'm not sure if it's Tom that I should worry about.
I'm not sure if it's Tom that should do that.
I'm not sure if it's Tom who I should worry about.
I'm not sure if it's Tom who should do that.
I'm not sure if it's a boy or a girl.
I'm not sure if it's a compliment or an insult.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not.
I'm not sure if it's a male or a female.
I'm not sure if it's love.
I'm not sure if it's normal.
I'm not sure if it's safe to drive under these conditions.
I'm not sure if my computer can handle that many computations.
I'm not sure if she saw it.
I'm not sure if that distinction is valid.
I'm not sure if that qualifies as relative tense.
I'm not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.
I'm not sure if that was meant as a compliment or as an insult.
I'm not sure if that will help.
I'm not sure if that'll help.
I'm not sure if that's a good idea or not.
I'm not sure if that's a good idea.
I'm not sure if that's a real word.
I'm not sure if the sound is coming from inside the house or outside of it.
I'm not sure if there was anything in the box or not.
I'm not sure if they'll be held up on their journey.
I'm not sure if this is actually true.
I'm not sure if this is correct.
I'm not sure if this is enough money.
I'm not sure if this is good or bad.
I'm not sure if this is good or not.
I'm not sure if this is ironic or not.
I'm not sure if this is legal.
I'm not sure if this is really true or not.
I'm not sure if this makes me feel good or bad.
I'm not sure if this painting will fit on the wall.
I'm not sure if this strategic beard stubble is working for me.
I'm not sure if this translation is correct or not.
I'm not sure if this translation is correct.
I'm not sure if those kinds of comparisons should be made.
I'm not sure if what I said to Tom was appropriate.
I'm not sure if you can.
I'm not sure if you're interested, but I translated your article into French.
I'm not sure it was Tom who did that.
I'm not sure it was Tom who made this.
I'm not sure it'd be too healthy for you two to be around me for a while.
I'm not sure it'll do you any good.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for you to do that.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I'm not sure it's a good idea.
I'm not sure it's a mistake to tell Tom.
I'm not sure it's real.
I'm not sure it's right that way.
I'm not sure it's right.
I'm not sure it's the right decision.
I'm not sure it's wise for me to stay.
I'm not sure it's wise for you to do that.
I'm not sure it's worth it.
I'm not sure it's worth looking into.
I'm not sure most people understand the depth of cruelty that people are capable of.
I'm not sure my parents know about my relationship with Tom.
I'm not sure my parents would want me to give you that.
I'm not sure of all the reasons.
I'm not sure of all the rules.
I'm not sure of anything anymore.
I'm not sure of anything now.
I'm not sure of anything yet.
I'm not sure of anything.
I'm not sure of it either.
I'm not sure of the address.
I'm not sure of the amount.
I'm not sure of the details.
I'm not sure of the exact date.
I'm not sure of the name, but the extension is 211.
I'm not sure of the name.
I'm not sure of the reason why.
I'm not sure of the reason.
I'm not sure of the rules yet.
I'm not sure of the rules.
I'm not sure right now.
I'm not sure she truly loves me.
I'm not sure she understands.
I'm not sure she wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure that I agree with Tom.
I'm not sure that I agree with you.
I'm not sure that I agree.
I'm not sure that I approve.
I'm not sure that I believe you.
I'm not sure that I can afford it.
I'm not sure that I can be all that much help.
I'm not sure that I can be of any help.
I'm not sure that I can be there by 2:30.
I'm not sure that I can believe that.
I'm not sure that I can contact Tom.
I'm not sure that I can convince Tom.
I'm not sure that I can do it.
I'm not sure that I can do that again.
I'm not sure that I can do that.
I'm not sure that I can do this on my own.
I'm not sure that I can do this.
I'm not sure that I can do what you asked me to do.
I'm not sure that I can do what you want me to do.
I'm not sure that I can get a hold of Tom.
I'm not sure that I can help you.
I'm not sure that I can help.
I'm not sure that I can swim that far.
I'm not sure that I can trust Tom.
I'm not sure that I can trust you.
I'm not sure that I can wait that long.
I'm not sure that I can win this.
I'm not sure that I disagree with Tom.
I'm not sure that I feel the same way about that.
I'm not sure that I feel the same way.
I'm not sure that I feel the same.
I'm not sure that I follow you.
I'm not sure that I have enough time to clean my room before I go to school.
I'm not sure that I have enough time to finish this report.
I'm not sure that I have enough time to help you.
I'm not sure that I have enough time.
I'm not sure that I have the answers you're looking for.
I'm not sure that I have to do that again.
I'm not sure that I know what to do.
I'm not sure that I know what you're getting at.
I'm not sure that I know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure that I like it.
I'm not sure that I like this plan.
I'm not sure that I like this.
I'm not sure that I need to do that again.
I'm not sure that I need to do that.
I'm not sure that I ought to do that.
I'm not sure that I really know how to do it correctly.
I'm not sure that I really know what to do.
I'm not sure that I really need to do that.
I'm not sure that I really understand this.
I'm not sure that I really want that.
I'm not sure that I really want to do that.
I'm not sure that I really want to do this.
I'm not sure that I see your point.
I'm not sure that I share your optimism.
I'm not sure that I should do that.
I'm not sure that I should trust you.
I'm not sure that I trust Tom.
I'm not sure that I trust you anymore.
I'm not sure that I trust you.
I'm not sure that I understand exactly what you're trying to do.
I'm not sure that I understand exactly what you're trying to say.
I'm not sure that I understand what Tom meant.
I'm not sure that I understand what you mean.
I'm not sure that I understand what you're saying.
I'm not sure that I understand what you're trying to say.
I'm not sure that I understand.
I'm not sure that I want Tom working for us.
I'm not sure that I want that.
I'm not sure that I want the job.
I'm not sure that I want to be doing this.
I'm not sure that I want to do anything.
I'm not sure that I want to do that again.
I'm not sure that I want to do that.
I'm not sure that I want to do this now.
I'm not sure that I want to do this.
I'm not sure that I want to get involved.
I'm not sure that I want to get to know Tom.
I'm not sure that I want to give this to Tom.
I'm not sure that I want to go there by myself.
I'm not sure that I want to know what's going on.
I'm not sure that I want to know.
I'm not sure that I want to see it.
I'm not sure that I want to see this.
I'm not sure that I want to touch that.
I'm not sure that I want you to see this.
I'm not sure that I would recognize Tom.
I'm not sure that I'd be much help.
I'm not sure that I'd want to live here.
I'm not sure that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I'm not sure that I'll be able to do that.
I'm not sure that I'll be able to help you with that.
I'm not sure that I'll be much help.
I'm not sure that I'm going to Tom's wedding.
I'm not sure that I'm qualified.
I'm not sure that I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure that I'm ready for this.
I'm not sure that I'm ready to do that.
I'm not sure that I'm ready to do this.
I'm not sure that I'm ready.
I'm not sure that I'm right.
I'm not sure that I've got it right.
I'm not sure that Tom and Mary both want to go there.
I'm not sure that Tom and Mary know yet.
I'm not sure that Tom can do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom can do that.
I'm not sure that Tom can hear me.
I'm not sure that Tom did anything.
I'm not sure that Tom did that.
I'm not sure that Tom didn't do that.
I'm not sure that Tom enjoyed the party as much as we did.
I'm not sure that Tom has to do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom has to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom is doing that now.
I'm not sure that Tom is ever going to be happy.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to agree to this.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to be there.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to be willing to talk to me.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to survive.
I'm not sure that Tom is ready to do that yet.
I'm not sure that Tom is ready.
I'm not sure that Tom is willing to help us.
I'm not sure that Tom knows what he's doing.
I'm not sure that Tom knows yet.
I'm not sure that Tom likes that.
I'm not sure that Tom needs to do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom needs to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom ought to do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom ought to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom really loves me.
I'm not sure that Tom recognized me.
I'm not sure that Tom should do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom should do that.
I'm not sure that Tom understands.
I'm not sure that Tom understood me.
I'm not sure that Tom understood.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to go there.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure that Tom will agree to that.
I'm not sure that Tom will be able to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom will be there.
I'm not sure that Tom would help.
I'm not sure that Tom would let Mary do that.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anybody help Mary.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anybody help him.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anyone help Mary.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anyone help him.
I'm not sure that Tom would let me do that.
I'm not sure that Tom would let me drive.
I'm not sure that Tom would recognize me.
I'm not sure that Tom would want Mary to kiss him.
I'm not sure that Tom would want me to give you that.
I'm not sure that anybody can help.
I'm not sure that anybody would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure that anybody would buy one of these.
I'm not sure that anybody would do that.
I'm not sure that anybody would want to do that.
I'm not sure that anyone can help.
I'm not sure that anyone would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure that anyone would buy one of these.
I'm not sure that anyone would do that.
I'm not sure that anyone would want to do that.
I'm not sure that anything happened.
I'm not sure that applies.
I'm not sure that both Tom and Mary want to go there.
I'm not sure that design meets the spec.
I'm not sure that ever happens.
I'm not sure that ever really happens.
I'm not sure that happened.
I'm not sure that he really loves me.
I'm not sure that helps.
I'm not sure that it was Tom who did that.
I'm not sure that it was Tom who made this.
I'm not sure that it'll do you any good.
I'm not sure that it's a good idea for you to do that.
I'm not sure that it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I'm not sure that it's a good idea.
I'm not sure that it's real.
I'm not sure that it's right.
I'm not sure that it's the right decision.
I'm not sure that it's wise for me to stay.
I'm not sure that it's wise for you to do that.
I'm not sure that it's worth it.
I'm not sure that it's worth looking into.
I'm not sure that makes any sense.
I'm not sure that matters.
I'm not sure that my parents know about my relationship with Tom.
I'm not sure that my parents would want me to give you that.
I'm not sure that she really loves me.
I'm not sure that that matters.
I'm not sure that that was what Tom said.
I'm not sure that that would be a good idea.
I'm not sure that that'll do you any good.
I'm not sure that that'll happen.
I'm not sure that that's a good idea.
I'm not sure that that's a good thing.
I'm not sure that that's all true.
I'm not sure that that's fair.
I'm not sure that that's going to happen anytime soon.
I'm not sure that that's how it happened.
I'm not sure that that's possible.
I'm not sure that that's such a good idea.
I'm not sure that that's suitable.
I'm not sure that that's the case.
I'm not sure that that's true.
I'm not sure that that's what I have to do.
I'm not sure that that's what I need to do.
I'm not sure that that's what I need.
I'm not sure that that's what I want to do.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom and Mary both want.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom has to do.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom needs to do.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom needs.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom really wanted to do.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom really wanted to say.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom wants.
I'm not sure that that's what both Tom and Mary want.
I'm not sure that that's wise.
I'm not sure that there's a problem.
I'm not sure that this is a good idea.
I'm not sure that this is a very good idea.
I'm not sure that this is necessary.
I'm not sure that this is such a good idea.
I'm not sure that this is the time.
I'm not sure that this translation is correct.
I'm not sure that this will necessitate that.
I'm not sure that was a good idea.
I'm not sure that was smart.
I'm not sure that was what Tom said.
I'm not sure that we can do this.
I'm not sure that we can trust Tom.
I'm not sure that we have any choice.
I'm not sure that we have any other choice.
I'm not sure that we have much of a choice.
I'm not sure that we should trust Tom.
I'm not sure that we're doing the right thing.
I'm not sure that we're going to do that.
I'm not sure that what I remember is what actually happened.
I'm not sure that worked.
I'm not sure that would be a good idea.
I'm not sure that you can be of much help.
I'm not sure that you have much of a choice.
I'm not sure that you realize how important Tom is to me.
I'm not sure that you'll be able to reach Tom.
I'm not sure that you'll have enough time to do everything we've asked you to do.
I'm not sure that you'll have the time to do that.
I'm not sure that you'll have the time.
I'm not sure that you'll like it.
I'm not sure that you're going to like this.
I'm not sure that you're going to understand this.
I'm not sure that you're going to want to do that.
I'm not sure that you're ready.
I'm not sure that'll do you any good.
I'm not sure that'll happen.
I'm not sure that'll work.
I'm not sure that's a bad idea.
I'm not sure that's a good enough reason.
I'm not sure that's a good idea.
I'm not sure that's a good thing.
I'm not sure that's a priority.
I'm not sure that's advisable.
I'm not sure that's all true.
I'm not sure that's allowed.
I'm not sure that's an option.
I'm not sure that's enough.
I'm not sure that's ethical.
I'm not sure that's fair.
I'm not sure that's going to happen anytime soon.
I'm not sure that's good.
I'm not sure that's how it happened.
I'm not sure that's legal.
I'm not sure that's necessary.
I'm not sure that's permitted.
I'm not sure that's possible.
I'm not sure that's practical.
I'm not sure that's relevant.
I'm not sure that's right.
I'm not sure that's something I want to do.
I'm not sure that's such a good idea.
I'm not sure that's suitable.
I'm not sure that's the case.
I'm not sure that's the only reason.
I'm not sure that's true.
I'm not sure that's what I have to do.
I'm not sure that's what I need to do.
I'm not sure that's what I need.
I'm not sure that's what I should do.
I'm not sure that's what I want to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary both want.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary have to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary need to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary want to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
I'm not sure that's what Tom has to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom needs to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom needs.
I'm not sure that's what Tom really wanted to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom really wanted to say.
I'm not sure that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom wants.
I'm not sure that's what both Tom and Mary want.
I'm not sure that's what you wanted to do.
I'm not sure that's wise.
I'm not sure the last paragraph is necessary.
I'm not sure there's a God.
I'm not sure there's a problem.
I'm not sure they'll be able to find him before morning.
I'm not sure they'll survive.
I'm not sure this is a good idea.
I'm not sure this is a very good idea.
I'm not sure this is necessary.
I'm not sure this is right.
I'm not sure this is such a good idea.
I'm not sure this is the time.
I'm not sure this translation is correct.
I'm not sure this works.
I'm not sure those were my exact words.
I'm not sure we can allow that.
I'm not sure we can do it.
I'm not sure we can do that.
I'm not sure we can keep it.
I'm not sure we can make it.
I'm not sure we can trust Tom.
I'm not sure we can trust her.
I'm not sure we can trust him.
I'm not sure we can trust them.
I'm not sure we deserve this.
I'm not sure we did it right.
I'm not sure we have a choice.
I'm not sure we have any choice.
I'm not sure we have any other choice.
I'm not sure we have enough food.
I'm not sure we have enough money.
I'm not sure we have enough time.
I'm not sure we have enough water.
I'm not sure we have much of a choice.
I'm not sure we need Tom's help.
I'm not sure we need Tom.
I'm not sure we need this.
I'm not sure we should do that.
I'm not sure we should even try.
I'm not sure we should go inside.
I'm not sure we should interfere.
I'm not sure we should tell Tom.
I'm not sure we should trust Tom.
I'm not sure we want that.
I'm not sure we would do that today.
I'm not sure we're doing the right thing.
I'm not sure we're going to do that.
I'm not sure we're safe.
I'm not sure what I did wrong.
I'm not sure what I expected mustard greens to taste like.
I'm not sure what I have to do.
I'm not sure what I mean.
I'm not sure what I need to do.
I'm not sure what I really want.
I'm not sure what I saw.
I'm not sure what I should be doing.
I'm not sure what I should do next.
I'm not sure what I should do.
I'm not sure what I should keep and what I should throw away.
I'm not sure what I should read: Harry Potter or the Bible?
I'm not sure what I think.
I'm not sure what I want to do.
I'm not sure what I want.
I'm not sure what I was thinking.
I'm not sure what I'd say.
I'm not sure what I'll do after I graduate.
I'm not sure what I'll do.
I'm not sure what I'm doing tonight.
I'm not sure what I'm doing.
I'm not sure what I'm going to do.
I'm not sure what I'm going to have for dinner.
I'm not sure what I'm looking at.
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do.
I'm not sure what I've done to offend you.
I'm not sure what I've gotten myself into.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are doing.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are talking about.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary have been doing.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary have to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary need to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary want me to buy.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary want to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary want.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary were talking about.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary were thinking.
I'm not sure what Tom bought.
I'm not sure what Tom did wrong.
I'm not sure what Tom did.
I'm not sure what Tom does for a living.
I'm not sure what Tom has been doing.
I'm not sure what Tom has to do.
I'm not sure what Tom intends to do.
I'm not sure what Tom is doing.
I'm not sure what Tom is getting at.
I'm not sure what Tom is planning to do.
I'm not sure what Tom is talking about.
I'm not sure what Tom is trying to do.
I'm not sure what Tom is trying to say.
I'm not sure what Tom means.
I'm not sure what Tom meant by that.
I'm not sure what Tom meant.
I'm not sure what Tom needs to do.
I'm not sure what Tom plans to do.
I'm not sure what Tom said.
I'm not sure what Tom sees in Mary.
I'm not sure what Tom wanted earlier.
I'm not sure what Tom wanted.
I'm not sure what Tom wants me to buy.
I'm not sure what Tom wants me to do.
I'm not sure what Tom wants to do.
I'm not sure what Tom wants.
I'm not sure what Tom was talking about.
I'm not sure what Tom was thinking.
I'm not sure what Tom was trying to say.
I'm not sure what Tom will do.
I'm not sure what Tom's objective was.
I'm not sure what Tom's plan is.
I'm not sure what Tom's talking about.
I'm not sure what caused this.
I'm not sure what day it is.
I'm not sure what else I can do for you.
I'm not sure what else I can do to help.
I'm not sure what else I can do.
I'm not sure what else I need to do.
I'm not sure what else I should do.
I'm not sure what else you want me to say.
I'm not sure what happened.
I'm not sure what he does exactly, but I know it involves computers.
I'm not sure what he meant by that.
I'm not sure what he meant by that. Why don't you ask him?
I'm not sure what he meant by that. Why not ask him?
I'm not sure what he was thinking.
I'm not sure what her name is.
I'm not sure what his name is.
I'm not sure what his number is. You'll have to look it up in the telephone directory.
I'm not sure what it means.
I'm not sure what it was, but it sounded like a gunshot.
I'm not sure what it was.
I'm not sure what it's used for.
I'm not sure what kind of car Tom and Mary have.
I'm not sure what kind of car Tom has.
I'm not sure what kind of cars Tom and Mary have.
I'm not sure what my children want for Christmas.
I'm not sure what my life purpose is.
I'm not sure what people are expecting.
I'm not sure what people were expecting, to be honest; the writing's been on the wall for years. I think certain people have been expecting that this was going to be a traumatic moment for non-Djokovic fans, when really it's been like a meeting at work you've been hoping would be cancelled that has gone ahead and is now over.
I'm not sure what people were expecting.
I'm not sure what she meant by that.
I'm not sure what she was thinking.
I'm not sure what size Tom wears.
I'm not sure what size she wears.
I'm not sure what that expression means.
I'm not sure what that is.
I'm not sure what that means.
I'm not sure what that was.
I'm not sure what the best course of action is.
I'm not sure what the last straw was, but she broke up with me the next day.
I'm not sure what the name of that movie is.
I'm not sure what the word is in Berber for this kind of fig.
I'm not sure what they want.
I'm not sure what this is.
I'm not sure what this means.
I'm not sure what time I'll be at Tom's next Monday.
I'm not sure what time I'll be getting into Boston.
I'm not sure what time Tom will be home.
I'm not sure what time Tom will get home.
I'm not sure what time the concert is going to start.
I'm not sure what to believe.
I'm not sure what to do next.
I'm not sure what to do now.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do. I need advice.
I'm not sure what to make of all this.
I'm not sure what to say to that.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm not sure what type of music William likes, but we can ask him.
I'm not sure what we can do about that.
I'm not sure what we can do.
I'm not sure what we have.
I'm not sure what we should do now.
I'm not sure what we want.
I'm not sure what we're supposed to be doing.
I'm not sure what you mean by that.
I'm not sure what you mean.
I'm not sure what you want me to do.
I'm not sure what you want.
I'm not sure what you were thinking.
I'm not sure what you're asking me to do.
I'm not sure what you're asking me.
I'm not sure what'll change.
I'm not sure what's going on here.
I'm not sure what's going on.
I'm not sure what's occurring.
I'm not sure what's the best way to disentangle this.
I'm not sure what's wrong with Tom's computer.
I'm not sure what's wrong with Tom.
I'm not sure what's wrong with her.
I'm not sure what's wrong with him.
I'm not sure what's wrong with that.
I'm not sure what's wrong with the car.
I'm not sure what's wrong with you.
I'm not sure what's wrong.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from Tom by now.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from him by now.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should've heard from Tom by now.
I'm not sure when I left.
I'm not sure when I should be there.
I'm not sure when I'll arrive.
I'm not sure when I'll be able to do that.
I'm not sure when I'll be back.
I'm not sure when I'll get home.
I'm not sure when I'll get there.
I'm not sure when I'm supposed to be there.
I'm not sure when Tom came to Australia.
I'm not sure when Tom came to Boston.
I'm not sure when Tom got back from Australia.
I'm not sure when Tom got back from Boston.
I'm not sure when Tom is coming.
I'm not sure when Tom left.
I'm not sure when Tom will arrive.
I'm not sure when Tom will be back.
I'm not sure when Tom will be coming.
I'm not sure when Tom will be here.
I'm not sure when Tom will come back.
I'm not sure when Tom will come.
I'm not sure when Tom will do that.
I'm not sure when Tom will get back.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave for Australia.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave for Boston.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave.
I'm not sure when Tom will show up.
I'm not sure when Tom will turn up.
I'm not sure when he'll be back.
I'm not sure when he'll come back.
I'm not sure when he'll come.
I'm not sure when he'll turn up.
I'm not sure when that's going to happen.
I'm not sure when the concert starts.
I'm not sure when the meeting's going to start.
I'm not sure when the picnic will be.
I'm not sure where I am.
I'm not sure where I belong now.
I'm not sure where I fit in.
I'm not sure where I should begin.
I'm not sure where I should go.
I'm not sure where I should pitch my tent.
I'm not sure where I should put this.
I'm not sure where I should sit.
I'm not sure where I'll go.
I'm not sure where I'll spend the night tomorrow.
I'm not sure where I'm going.
I'm not sure where Tom and Mary are from.
I'm not sure where Tom and Mary are.
I'm not sure where Tom and Mary live.
I'm not sure where Tom has gone.
I'm not sure where Tom is from.
I'm not sure where Tom is.
I'm not sure where Tom lives.
I'm not sure where Tom went.
I'm not sure where Tom will go.
I'm not sure where my hotel is.
I'm not sure where my keys are.
I'm not sure where she lives.
I'm not sure where to begin.
I'm not sure where to go.
I'm not sure where to park my car.
I'm not sure where to put this.
I'm not sure where to sit.
I'm not sure where to start.
I'm not sure where we are.
I'm not sure where you live.
I'm not sure whether I can do it.
I'm not sure whether I can do that or not.
I'm not sure whether I can get to Boston this summer or not.
I'm not sure whether I have the time to do that.
I'm not sure whether I really want that or not.
I'm not sure whether I really want that to happen or not.
I'm not sure whether I really want that.
I'm not sure whether I should do that or not.
I'm not sure whether I should go study abroad in Australia or Canada.
I'm not sure whether I should press the red button or the blue one.
I'm not sure whether I should sing or not.
I'm not sure whether I translated this correctly.
I'm not sure whether I translated this right.
I'm not sure whether I turned off the lights or not.
I'm not sure whether I'll be able to come with you.
I'm not sure whether I'll manage.
I'm not sure whether I'm doing this right.
I'm not sure whether I'm ready or not.
I'm not sure whether I've made the right decision or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary are still asleep or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary have to do that or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary know how to do that or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom can do that or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom can sing well or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom can speak French or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom can swim or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom drinks beer or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom drinks wine or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom has ever been to Australia or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom has ever been to Boston or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom has to do that or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom heard it or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom is ready or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom is still asleep or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom knows how to do that or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom saw it or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom understands French or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom understood my German.
I'm not sure whether Tom wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure whether Tom will be here this afternoon.
I'm not sure whether Tom will be there or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom will be there this afternoon.
I'm not sure whether Tom will come or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom will do that or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom will show up.
I'm not sure whether Tom will stay or not.
I'm not sure whether it is that I want.
I'm not sure whether my sentence is good.
I'm not sure whether that'll happen or not.
I'm not sure whether that's a good idea or not.
I'm not sure whether this is enough money.
I'm not sure whether this is some new caprice or a permanent commitment.
I'm not sure whether to press the red button or the blue one.
I'm not sure whether to stay at home or go out.
I'm not sure whether to stay home or go out.
I'm not sure whether to take it.
I'm not sure whether your words correspond to the truth.
I'm not sure which color I want.
I'm not sure which color to get.
I'm not sure which direction I should go.
I'm not sure which is harder: visiting all the countries of the world, or finding someone who loves you.
I'm not sure which is worse.
I'm not sure which one I should buy.
I'm not sure which one to choose.
I'm not sure which way I should go.
I'm not sure which way I should turn.
I'm not sure which way to go.
I'm not sure who I can trust.
I'm not sure who I should call.
I'm not sure who I should give the document to.
I'm not sure who I should give this document to.
I'm not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
I'm not sure who I should give this to.
I'm not sure who I should talk to.
I'm not sure who I'm supposed to give this to.
I'm not sure who Tom and Mary are married to.
I'm not sure who Tom is married to.
I'm not sure who Tom's married to.
I'm not sure who Tom's teacher is.
I'm not sure who did it.
I'm not sure who did that.
I'm not sure who did this.
I'm not sure who has my suitcases.
I'm not sure who he is.
I'm not sure who invented it.
I'm not sure who kissed Tom.
I'm not sure who paid the bill.
I'm not sure who she is.
I'm not sure who that girl is.
I'm not sure who that man is.
I'm not sure who that was.
I'm not sure who that woman is.
I'm not sure who they were.
I'm not sure who to call.
I'm not sure who to give this to.
I'm not sure who to talk to.
I'm not sure who to trust.
I'm not sure who to vote for.
I'm not sure who would be capable of doing such a thing.
I'm not sure who wrote this report.
I'm not sure who'll be waiting for us.
I'm not sure who's going to help us.
I'm not sure why I agreed to go.
I'm not sure why I did that.
I'm not sure why I even have a Facebook.
I'm not sure why I said that.
I'm not sure why I should care.
I'm not sure why I'm doing this.
I'm not sure why I'm feeling this way.
I'm not sure why I'm here.
I'm not sure why I'm supposed to do that.
I'm not sure why Robert hates my guts.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary are against the idea.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary are being blamed for the accident.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I'm not sure why Tom asked me that.
I'm not sure why Tom called.
I'm not sure why Tom did that.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't do that.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't pay the bill.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't want to meet Mary.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't win.
I'm not sure why Tom is against the idea.
I'm not sure why Tom is being blamed for the accident.
I'm not sure why Tom is here.
I'm not sure why Tom isn't here.
I'm not sure why Tom lied.
I'm not sure why Tom lost.
I'm not sure why Tom said those things, but I bet he now wishes he hadn't.
I'm not sure why Tom wanted me to do that.
I'm not sure why Tom wants that.
I'm not sure why Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure why Tom wants us to do this.
I'm not sure why he asked me that.
I'm not sure why it works, but it works.
I'm not sure why she asked me that.
I'm not sure why that happened.
I'm not sure why that happens.
I'm not sure why that is.
I'm not sure why that's relevant.
I'm not sure why the right is itching to bar Donald Trump from another term by introducing cognitive tests for the presidency.
I'm not sure why there has to be a comma there. Explain it to me, please.
I'm not sure why there's got to be a comma there. Please tell me.
I'm not sure why they asked me that.
I'm not sure why they do that.
I'm not sure why they were forced to close the restaurant.
I'm not sure why we did that.
I'm not sure why we have to do that.
I'm not sure why we need to do that.
I'm not sure why we're here, but I hope we can learn something new today.
I'm not sure why we're here.
I'm not sure why you came here.
I'm not sure why you wanted me here.
I'm not sure why you're always upset with me.
I'm not sure why you're telling me all this.
I'm not sure why.
I'm not sure yet if I will go to a university or get a job.
I'm not sure yet if I'll go to a university or get a job.
I'm not sure yet what I'm going to do.
I'm not sure yet, but I might do that.
I'm not sure yet, but I think I'll become a teacher.
I'm not sure yet.
I'm not sure you can be of much help.
I'm not sure you can trust what he says.
I'm not sure you have much of a choice.
I'm not sure you realize how important Tom and Mary are to me.
I'm not sure you realize how important Tom is to me.
I'm not sure you should see this.
I'm not sure you understand.
I'm not sure you'll be able to reach Tom.
I'm not sure you'll have enough time to do everything we've asked you to do.
I'm not sure you'll have the time to do that.
I'm not sure you'll have the time.
I'm not sure you'll like it.
I'm not sure you're going to like this.
I'm not sure you're going to understand this.
I'm not sure you're going to want to do that.
I'm not sure you're ready.
I'm not sure, but I think I hate Tom.
I'm not sure, but I think I know what to do.
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.
I'm not sure, but I think Tom has already done that.
I'm not sure, but I think Tom wants to be a teacher.
I'm not sure, but I think Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure, but I think he comes here from time to time.
I'm not sure, but I think that I know what to do.
I'm not sure, but I think that Tom wants to be a teacher.
I'm not sure, but I think that Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure, but I think that you may be wrong.
I'm not sure, but I think you may be wrong.
I'm not sure, but Tom may come.
I'm not sure, but Tom might come.
I'm not sure, but he might come.
I'm not sure, but perhaps Tom is already dead.
I'm not sure, but perhaps Tom won't be coming into work today.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure. I think the chances are about fifty-fifty.
I'm not sure. It depends.
I'm not surprised I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
I'm not surprised Tom cried.
I'm not surprised Tom did that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't accept the job.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't cry.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't win.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't know what to do.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom dumped Mary.
I'm not surprised Tom is afraid.
I'm not surprised Tom is here.
I'm not surprised Tom is late.
I'm not surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm not surprised Tom plans on doing that.
I'm not surprised Tom plans to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom was able to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom was late.
I'm not surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom went to Australia.
I'm not surprised Tom went to Boston.
I'm not surprised Tom won.
I'm not surprised at Tom's behavior.
I'm not surprised at all.
I'm not surprised by election results. It was to be expected.
I'm not surprised by this.
I'm not surprised one bit.
I'm not surprised she dumped him.
I'm not surprised that I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary are afraid.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary are here.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary are late.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary plan to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary were late.
I'm not surprised that Tom cried.
I'm not surprised that Tom did that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't accept the job.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't cry.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't win.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't know what to do.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom is afraid.
I'm not surprised that Tom is here.
I'm not surprised that Tom is late.
I'm not surprised that Tom isn't here.
I'm not surprised that Tom plans on doing that.
I'm not surprised that Tom plans to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom was able to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom was late.
I'm not surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom went to Australia.
I'm not surprised that Tom went to Boston.
I'm not surprised that Tom won.
I'm not surprised that happened.
I'm not surprised that she dumped him.
I'm not surprised that that happened.
I'm not surprised to hear that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm not surprised to hear that.
I'm not surprised to see Tom here.
I'm not surprised you didn't go there with Tom.
I'm not surprised you don't know the answer.
I'm not surprised you don't remember.
I'm not surprised you got up so late.
I'm not surprised.
I'm not swallowing that.
I'm not sweating.
I'm not swinging the bat.
I'm not switching.
I'm not synchronising them.
I'm not syncing them.
I'm not taking Tom's word for it.
I'm not taking a picture of them.
I'm not taking a vacation this year.
I'm not taking advantage of their garden.
I'm not taking advantage of them.
I'm not taking advantage of your orchard.
I'm not taking advice from someone I don't know.
I'm not taking all this stuff with me.
I'm not taking any chances.
I'm not taking any more chances.
I'm not taking any orders.
I'm not taking anyone with me.
I'm not taking anyone's side.
I'm not taking calls right now.
I'm not taking credit.
I'm not taking my eyes off Tom.
I'm not taking my eyes off her.
I'm not taking my eyes off him.
I'm not taking my eyes off them.
I'm not taking my eyes off you.
I'm not taking no for an answer.
I'm not taking on anything else right now.
I'm not taking sides.
I'm not taking the Berber test.
I'm not taking the bet.
I'm not taking the blame for that.
I'm not taking the blame for this.
I'm not taking the bus.
I'm not taking the dog for a walk, the dog's dragging me along for a walk.
I'm not taking the job.
I'm not taking this!
I'm not talking about Tom.
I'm not talking about her.
I'm not talking about him.
I'm not talking about just Tom.
I'm not talking about just me.
I'm not talking about just what Tom did.
I'm not talking about that now.
I'm not talking about that today.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about them.
I'm not talking about you specifically.
I'm not talking about you, Tom.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm not talking to Tom.
I'm not talking to her.
I'm not talking to him anymore! He's a real asshole!
I'm not talking to you anymore.
I'm not talking to you anymore. It's annoying how you're always fooling around with other women.
I'm not talking to you, I am talking to the monkey.
I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to her.
I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to the monkey.
I'm not talking to you, Tom.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the monkey.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
I'm not talking until my lawyer gets here.
I'm not talking.
I'm not tall enough to do that.
I'm not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I'm not tall enough to reach the top shelf.
I'm not tall enough to touch the ceiling.
I'm not tall enough.
I'm not tall.
I'm not taller than him, either.
I'm not teaching anymore.
I'm not teaching them languages.
I'm not teaching you English.
I'm not teasing their neighbors.
I'm not telling a story.
I'm not telling him the truth.
I'm not telling them stories.
I'm not telling these stories to make you think I'm a good person.
I'm not telling you again.
I'm not telling you again: Don't do that!
I'm not telling you anything.
I'm not telling you her name.
I'm not telling you his name.
I'm not telling you my phone number.
I'm not telling you to do this for me.
I'm not telling you to go alone.
I'm not telling you what to do.
I'm not telling you where Tom went, and there's no way you'll make me.
I'm not telling you.
I'm not tempting them.
I'm not tempting you.
I'm not tense.
I'm not that Jewish.
I'm not that bad.
I'm not that crazy.
I'm not that cynical.
I'm not that daft.
I'm not that desperate yet.
I'm not that desperate.
I'm not that disappointed.
I'm not that drunk.
I'm not that dumb.
I'm not that easily intimidated.
I'm not that famous.
I'm not that fast.
I'm not that good a writer.
I'm not that good at goodbyes.
I'm not that good at languages.
I'm not that good at writing songs.
I'm not that great of an interpreter.
I'm not that gullible.
I'm not that happy.
I'm not that hungry right now.
I'm not that hungry.
I'm not that interesting.
I'm not that kind of girl.
I'm not that kind of guy.
I'm not that kind of person.
I'm not that kind of sentence!
I'm not that lucky.
I'm not that much heavier than you.
I'm not that much older than you are.
I'm not that much older than you.
I'm not that much younger than you.
I'm not that naive.
I'm not that naïve.
I'm not that nice a guy.
I'm not that old!
I'm not that old.
I'm not that online.
I'm not that reckless.
I'm not that religious.
I'm not that smart.
I'm not that sophisticated.
I'm not that sort of person.
I'm not that strong.
I'm not that stupid!
I'm not that stupid, you know!
I'm not that stupid.
I'm not that surprised by it.
I'm not that surprised that Yanni got shot.
I'm not that surprised.
I'm not that tense.
I'm not that type of guy.
I'm not that type of person who likes to get drunk while partying.
I'm not that wild.
I'm not that worried.
I'm not that young.
I'm not the Messiah.
I'm not the ambassador.
I'm not the best French speaker here.
I'm not the best at receiving compliments.
I'm not the best person to ask.
I'm not the best songwriter.
I'm not the boss.
I'm not the coach.
I'm not the cook.
I'm not the crazy one.
I'm not the darkest guy around here.
I'm not the devil.
I'm not the enemy.
I'm not the expert.
I'm not the father of Daphnis.
I'm not the father!
I'm not the first person Tom robbed.
I'm not the guy you want making this decision.
I'm not the jealous type.
I'm not the judge.
I'm not the kind of girl you kiss on the first date.
I'm not the kind of idiot who would climb a mountain in the winter without proper preparations.
I'm not the kind of person that gives up so easily.
I'm not the kind of person that you think I am.
I'm not the kind of person you think I am.
I'm not the kind that gives up so easily.
I'm not the kind that gives up to easily.
I'm not the kind that surrenders so easily.
I'm not the kind to kiss and tell.
I'm not the least bit convinced.
I'm not the least bit hungry.
I'm not the least bit interested in finding out who my birth parents are.
I'm not the least bit interested in physics.
I'm not the least bit interested in role-playing games.
I'm not the least bit interested in what Tom says he's going to do.
I'm not the least bit interested in what Tom thinks of me.
I'm not the least bit scared of you.
I'm not the least bit surprised.
I'm not the least bit tired.
I'm not the least bit worried about it.
I'm not the least bit worried about losing my job.
I'm not the least bit worried.
I'm not the least surprised.
I'm not the maid. I'm his wife.
I'm not the man I used to be.
I'm not the man I was when you first knew me.
I'm not the man I was when you first met me.
I'm not the man for you, do you get it or not?
I'm not the man that I used to be.
I'm not the man that I was when you first met me.
I'm not the man you think I am.
I'm not the manager.
I'm not the most popular kid in school, but I have a lot of friends.
I'm not the most popular kid in school, but I have lots of friends.
I'm not the ogre you think I am.
I'm not the oldest person here.
I'm not the one doing the driving.
I'm not the one following you. You're the one preceding me.
I'm not the one hurting Tom.
I'm not the one hurting her.
I'm not the one hurting him.
I'm not the one hurting them.
I'm not the one in charge.
I'm not the one looking for a girlfriend, Tom.
I'm not the one looking for a job.
I'm not the one responsible for doing that.
I'm not the one responsible for that.
I'm not the one responsible for the accident.
I'm not the one responsible for this mistake.
I'm not the one responsible for what happened.
I'm not the one that did that.
I'm not the one that has to do that.
I'm not the one that needs to do that.
I'm not the one that shot Tom's dog.
I'm not the one that told Tom to leave.
I'm not the one that wants to hurt Tom.
I'm not the one who actually did that.
I'm not the one who advised Tom not to do that.
I'm not the one who advised Tom to do that.
I'm not the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I'm not the one who asked Tom to do that.
I'm not the one who asked Tom to do this.
I'm not the one who ate all the cookies.
I'm not the one who ate all the ice cream.
I'm not the one who borrowed Tom's car.
I'm not the one who broke the window.
I'm not the one who caused the accident.
I'm not the one who chose this color.
I'm not the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I'm not the one who convinced Tom to do that.
I'm not the one who cooked dinner.
I'm not the one who crashed the car.
I'm not the one who cut you off.
I'm not the one who decided that we all needed to be there.
I'm not the one who did that for Tom.
I'm not the one who did that.
I'm not the one who does that.
I'm not the one who drank all the milk.
I'm not the one who found Tom's keys.
I'm not the one who gave Tom a black eye.
I'm not the one who gave Tom that umbrella.
I'm not the one who gave Tom that.
I'm not the one who gave that to Tom.
I'm not the one who gave that umbrella to Tom.
I'm not the one who got injured.
I'm not the one who got you in this mess.
I'm not the one who has to deal with this.
I'm not the one who has to do that.
I'm not the one who helped Tom do that.
I'm not the one who helped Tom.
I'm not the one who hit Tom.
I'm not the one who hurt Tom.
I'm not the one who hurt her.
I'm not the one who hurt him.
I'm not the one who hurt them.
I'm not the one who invited Tom.
I'm not the one who kept secrets from you.
I'm not the one who kissed Tom.
I'm not the one who made these rules.
I'm not the one who makes the rules.
I'm not the one who makes these rules.
I'm not the one who met Tom.
I'm not the one who needs to do that.
I'm not the one who needs to lose weight.
I'm not the one who paid the bill.
I'm not the one who picks the fruit.
I'm not the one who poisoned Tom.
I'm not the one who prevented you from speaking.
I'm not the one who punched Tom.
I'm not the one who put out the fire.
I'm not the one who said it.
I'm not the one who said that.
I'm not the one who shot Tom's dog.
I'm not the one who should be doing this.
I'm not the one who should be worried.
I'm not the one who should go.
I'm not the one who should tell Tom that.
I'm not the one who showed Tom how to do that.
I'm not the one who signed this letter.
I'm not the one who sold Tom that.
I'm not the one who sold that to Tom.
I'm not the one who started the fight.
I'm not the one who suggested doing it this way.
I'm not the one who suggested that we do this.
I'm not the one who suggested that we leave early.
I'm not the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I'm not the one who suggested we do this.
I'm not the one who suggested we leave early.
I'm not the one who suggested we raise prices.
I'm not the one who takes out the garbage.
I'm not the one who talked Tom into doing that.
I'm not the one who talked to Tom about that.
I'm not the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I'm not the one who teaches that class.
I'm not the one who told Tom about what Mary did.
I'm not the one who told Tom about what you did yesterday.
I'm not the one who told Tom about your accident.
I'm not the one who told Tom about your party.
I'm not the one who told Tom he didn't need to attend today's meeting.
I'm not the one who told Tom he needed to study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom he should read that book.
I'm not the one who told Tom he should study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom how to do that.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to do that again.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to do that anymore.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to do that.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to trust Mary.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to trust you.
I'm not the one who told Tom that Mary didn't like him.
I'm not the one who told Tom that Mary had had an accident.
I'm not the one who told Tom that Mary's house had burned down.
I'm not the one who told Tom that he needed to study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom that he should read that book.
I'm not the one who told Tom that he should study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom that.
I'm not the one who told Tom to do that.
I'm not the one who told Tom to leave.
I'm not the one who told Tom to stay at home.
I'm not the one who told Tom what happened.
I'm not the one who told Tom what to do.
I'm not the one who told Tom when the meeting would be.
I'm not the one who told Tom where Mary lived.
I'm not the one who told Tom where to find you.
I'm not the one who told Tom where you lived.
I'm not the one who told Tom who to give it to.
I'm not the one who told Tom your phone number.
I'm not the one who told Tom.
I'm not the one who told her.
I'm not the one who told him.
I'm not the one who told them.
I'm not the one who told you that.
I'm not the one who took care of Tom when his mother was in the hospital.
I'm not the one who took care of Tom's dog while he was in Boston.
I'm not the one who took care of that.
I'm not the one who took out the garbage this morning.
I'm not the one who took the bandage off of Tom's arm.
I'm not the one who took these pictures.
I'm not the one who took this picture.
I'm not the one who turned off the lights.
I'm not the one who turned on the lights.
I'm not the one who usually does that.
I'm not the one who usually does the cooking.
I'm not the one who usually does the driving.
I'm not the one who usually does this.
I'm not the one who usually helps Tom with his homework.
I'm not the one who usually milks the goat.
I'm not the one who usually take out the garbage.
I'm not the one who usually washes the car.
I'm not the one who usually washes the dishes.
I'm not the one who usually weeds the garden.
I'm not the one who volunteered to help.
I'm not the one who wanted Tom to do that.
I'm not the one who wanted to do that.
I'm not the one who wanted to get here early.
I'm not the one who wanted to wait.
I'm not the one who wants to do that.
I'm not the one who warned Tom not to do that.
I'm not the one who washed the car.
I'm not the one who went to Boston with Tom.
I'm not the one who woke Tom up.
I'm not the one who wrote Tom's speech.
I'm not the one who wrote that letter.
I'm not the one who wrote the song that Tom sang.
I'm not the one who wrote this letter.
I'm not the one who wrote this story.
I'm not the one who yelled at your mother.
I'm not the one who'll be doing that.
I'm not the one who's been doing that.
I'm not the one who's been hurting Tom.
I'm not the one who's been teaching Tom French.
I'm not the one who's going to have to do that.
I'm not the one who's going to help you do that.
I'm not the one who's going to pay for the broken pots.
I'm not the one who's in a hurry.
I'm not the one who's sick.
I'm not the one who's supposed to be doing that.
I'm not the one you should be afraid of.
I'm not the one you should be asking that question to.
I'm not the one you should be asking.
I'm not the one you should be scared of.
I'm not the one you should be talking to.
I'm not the only Canadian here.
I'm not the only Canadian in the room.
I'm not the only Canadian living in Australia.
I'm not the only Canadian living in Boston.
I'm not the only Canadian on the team.
I'm not the only here who can do that.
I'm not the only here who can't do that.
I'm not the only one allowed to do that.
I'm not the only one here allowed to do that.
I'm not the only one here permitted to do that.
I'm not the only one here that can speak French.
I'm not the only one here who can do that.
I'm not the only one here who can speak French.
I'm not the only one here who can't do that.
I'm not the only one here who can't speak French.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't understand French.
I'm not the only one here who isn't married.
I'm not the only one here who knows French.
I'm not the only one here who knows Tom.
I'm not the only one here who knows how to do that.
I'm not the only one here who knows how to speak French.
I'm not the only one here who knows where Tom lives.
I'm not the only one here who think it's a good idea to do that.
I'm not the only one here who thinks Tom isn't a nice guy.
I'm not the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm not the only one here who thinks so.
I'm not the only one here who's not married.
I'm not the only one here who's single.
I'm not the only one in trouble here.
I'm not the only one interested in buying that house.
I'm not the only one interested in finding out what Tom did with the stolen diamonds.
I'm not the only one interested in knowing where Tom and Mary were.
I'm not the only one interested in knowing where Tom was.
I'm not the only one permitted to do that.
I'm not the only one that can do this.
I'm not the only one that did that.
I'm not the only one that does that.
I'm not the only one that has to do that.
I'm not the only one that needs to do that.
I'm not the only one that wants Mary to resign.
I'm not the only one that'll be doing that.
I'm not the only one who agrees with Tom.
I'm not the only one who can do that.
I'm not the only one who can do this.
I'm not the only one who can help you do that.
I'm not the only one who can't do that.
I'm not the only one who can't stand the way Tom sings.
I'm not the only one who could have done that.
I'm not the only one who could've done that.
I'm not the only one who couldn't do that.
I'm not the only one who decided to do that.
I'm not the only one who did it, I'll have you know!
I'm not the only one who did that wrong.
I'm not the only one who did that.
I'm not the only one who didn't do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't get enough to eat.
I'm not the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't pass the test.
I'm not the only one who didn't want to do that.
I'm not the only one who does that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't agree with Tom.
I'm not the only one who doesn't do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't have enough money to pay the membership fee.
I'm not the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know how to do this.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know where Tom and Mary live.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know where Tom lives.
I'm not the only one who doesn't like Tom.
I'm not the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't really want to be here.
I'm not the only one who doesn't want to be here.
I'm not the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I'm not the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I'm not the only one who enjoys doing that.
I'm not the only one who failed the test.
I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I'm not the only one who feels this way.
I'm not the only one who felt like doing that.
I'm not the only one who got here early.
I'm not the only one who got here late.
I'm not the only one who got up early this morning.
I'm not the only one who had to do that.
I'm not the only one who has a camera.
I'm not the only one who has done that.
I'm not the only one who has noticed.
I'm not the only one who has to do that.
I'm not the only one who is tired of the work. She is, too.
I'm not the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm not the only one who knows how to do that.
I'm not the only one who knows how to do this.
I'm not the only one who knows where Tom hides his money.
I'm not the only one who knows your secret.
I'm not the only one who likes Tom.
I'm not the only one who likes doing that.
I'm not the only one who needed to do that.
I'm not the only one who needs to do that.
I'm not the only one who noticed it, by the way.
I'm not the only one who plans to go with you.
I'm not the only one who saw Tom swimming yesterday evening.
I'm not the only one who showed up late.
I'm not the only one who thinks Mary is beautiful.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom and Mary are overweight.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom is overweight.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom should be fired.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I'm not the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
I'm not the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm not the only one who thinks so.
I'm not the only one who thinks that's a good idea.
I'm not the only one who thinks that.
I'm not the only one who thinks this way.
I'm not the only one who thinks you're stupid.
I'm not the only one who thought we had to do that.
I'm not the only one who volunteered to help Tom do that.
I'm not the only one who wanted to do go home early.
I'm not the only one who wanted to do that.
I'm not the only one who wants to do that.
I'm not the only one who wants to go home early.
I'm not the only one who wants to go swimming.
I'm not the only one who wants to go.
I'm not the only one who wants to leave early.
I'm not the only one who was able to do that without help.
I'm not the only one who was absent.
I'm not the only one who was busy.
I'm not the only one who was hungry.
I'm not the only one who was unhappy.
I'm not the only one who'll be doing that.
I'm not the only one who'll do that.
I'm not the only one who'll doing that.
I'm not the only one who's able to do that.
I'm not the only one who's already done that.
I'm not the only one who's been doing that.
I'm not the only one who's busy.
I'm not the only one who's done that.
I'm not the only one who's going to do that.
I'm not the only one who's hungry.
I'm not the only one who's planning on doing that.
I'm not the only one who's planning to do that.
I'm not the only one who's unhappy.
I'm not the only one who's wrong. You are, too.
I'm not the only one who's wrong; you are, too.
I'm not the only one with a child.
I'm not the only one.
I'm not the only person Tom talked to.
I'm not the only person that has done that.
I'm not the only person that's done that.
I'm not the only person who can do that, I think.
I'm not the only person who can do that.
I'm not the only person who can help Tom do that.
I'm not the only person who can help you do that.
I'm not the only person who couldn't do that.
I'm not the only person who criticizes the United States.
I'm not the only person who did that.
I'm not the only person who didn't do that.
I'm not the only person who didn't want to do that.
I'm not the only person who doesn't like it.
I'm not the only person who had to do that.
I'm not the only person who has to do that.
I'm not the only person who needed to do that.
I'm not the only person who needs to do that.
I'm not the only person who should have done that.
I'm not the only person who should've done that.
I'm not the only person who wanted to do that.
I'm not the only person who wants to do that.
I'm not the only survivor.
I'm not the owner.
I'm not the person I once was.
I'm not the person I used to be.
I'm not the person I was.
I'm not the person that should be doing this.
I'm not the person that you think.
I'm not the person who should be doing this.
I'm not the person you think I am.
I'm not the person you're looking for.
I'm not the pheasant plucker, I'm the pheasant plucker's son. I'm only plucking pheasants 'til the pheasant plucker comes.
I'm not the police.
I'm not the problem here.
I'm not the problem.
I'm not the real Tom Jackson; this is a parody.
I'm not the right person to ask.
I'm not the same age as Tom.
I'm not the same as my father.
I'm not the same fool I was fifteen years ago.
I'm not the same guy I used to be.
I'm not the same idiot I was fifteen years ago.
I'm not the same man I used to be.
I'm not the same man I was three years ago.
I'm not the same person I once was.
I'm not the same person I used to be.
I'm not the same person I was before.
I'm not the same person I was three years ago.
I'm not the same person I was when you first met me.
I'm not the same person anymore.
I'm not the same person that I was before.
I'm not the sort to sulk.
I'm not the sunny type.
I'm not the thief, you are a witness!
I'm not the trendy type.
I'm not the type of person to make fun of other people.
I'm not the type of person who asks a lot of questions.
I'm not the type of person who usually carries a purse.
I'm not the type that gives up so easily.
I'm not the type that surrenders so easily.
I'm not the type to get into fights.
I'm not the type to impose myself on others.
I'm not the victim here.
I'm not the woman Sami deserves.
I'm not the worst player on our team.
I'm not the worst player on the team.
I'm not the worst.
I'm not the youngest guy here.
I'm not the youngest one here.
I'm not the youngest person here.
I'm not there yet.
I'm not thin.
I'm not thinking about anything in particular.
I'm not thinking about doing anything.
I'm not thinking about it.
I'm not thinking clearly.
I'm not thirsty at the moment.
I'm not thirsty right now.
I'm not thirsty.
I'm not thirteen.
I'm not thirty years old.
I'm not threatening you.
I'm not thrilled with this idea.
I'm not thrilled.
I'm not through with Tom.
I'm not through with her.
I'm not through with him.
I'm not through with them.
I'm not through with you yet.
I'm not through with you!
I'm not through with you.
I'm not through yet.
I'm not throwing anything away.
I'm not throwing them.
I'm not ticklish.
I'm not tired at all.
I'm not tired at all. Tom did most of the driving.
I'm not tired at night.
I'm not tired of being married.
I'm not tired of studying yet.
I'm not tired right now.
I'm not tired tonight.
I'm not tired yet.
I'm not tired.
I'm not to be disturbed.
I'm not to be interrupted.
I'm not to blame for everything that has happened.
I'm not to blame.
I'm not to that point yet.
I'm not too bad at the moment.
I'm not too busy.
I'm not too certain about it myself.
I'm not too certain of that.
I'm not too clear about that point.
I'm not too concerned about it.
I'm not too concerned.
I'm not too convinced.
I'm not too crazy about that idea.
I'm not too encouraged by what I've seen.
I'm not too fond of bees myself.
I'm not too good at this game.
I'm not too happy about that.
I'm not too happy with 80's music.
I'm not too happy.
I'm not too interested in the event.
I'm not too keen on it.
I'm not too late, am I?
I'm not too old to do that yet.
I'm not too old to do that.
I'm not too old to help.
I'm not too picky.
I'm not too pleased with him being here.
I'm not too pleased with how things have turned out.
I'm not too pleased with how things turned out.
