Do you know French, too?
Do you know French?
Do you know Georgian?
Do you know Georgina?
Do you know German?
Do you know Greek?
Do you know HTML?
Do you know Hamed Abdel-Samad, the Germano-Egyptian intellectual who dared to criticize Islam, who is very appreciated by all the secular Arabic speakers?
Do you know Hu? Hu cares!
Do you know Hungarian?
Do you know I love you?
Do you know I tried to see him in the city today?
Do you know Ibn "Warraq", the Indian intellectual who dared to criticize Islam when he wrote his book "Why I Am Not a Muslim"?
Do you know Italian?
Do you know JavaScript?
Do you know John's father died of a heart attack?
Do you know John?
Do you know John’s father died of a heart attack?
Do you know Kabyle?
Do you know Kabylia?
Do you know Kurdish?
Do you know Latin?
Do you know Majid Oukacha, the French podcaster who dared to criticize Islam and who is threatened now?
Do you know Marika's e-mail address?
Do you know Mary well enough to ask her to do that?
Do you know Mary well enough to ask her to help?
Do you know Mary's boyfriend's name?
Do you know Mary's maiden name?
Do you know Michel "Onfray", the French philosopher who dared to criticize Islam in his book "Thinking Islam"?
Do you know Morse code?
Do you know Mr Bingley?
Do you know Mr Gao?
Do you know Mr Qian?
Do you know Mr Takahashi?
Do you know Mr. Bingley?
Do you know Mr. Brown?
Do you know Mr. Jackson's first name?
Do you know Mr. Jackson?
Do you know Mr. Takahashi?
Do you know Murphy's law?
Do you know Noah's ark?
Do you know Noah’s ark?
Do you know Persian?
Do you know Pho, a very famous dish in Vietnam?
Do you know Phoenix?
Do you know Professor Arditty by any chance?
Do you know Professor Brown by any chance?
Do you know Professor LÃ³pez, by any chance?
Do you know Professor López, by any chance?
Do you know Python?
Do you know Quora?
Do you know Roman numerals?
Do you know Russian?
Do you know Salman Rushdie, the Iranian intellectual who dared to criticize Islam in his bestseller "The satanic verses"?
Do you know Sami?
Do you know Sherif Gaber, the Egyptian blogger who shares his scientific and humorous videos about Islam?
Do you know Slovak?
Do you know Spanish?
Do you know Telengit language?
Do you know Toki Pona?
Do you know Tom Jackson?
Do you know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that?
Do you know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to help?
Do you know Tom and Mary?
Do you know Tom at all?
Do you know Tom by any chance?
Do you know Tom by sight?
Do you know Tom personally?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him for a loan?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to do that?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to do this?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to help?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to lend you money?
Do you know Tom well?
Do you know Tom's address and phone number?
Do you know Tom's address?
Do you know Tom's apartment number?
Do you know Tom's assistant's name?
Do you know Tom's blood type?
Do you know Tom's brother?
Do you know Tom's brothers?
Do you know Tom's dad?
Do you know Tom's daughter?
Do you know Tom's daughters?
Do you know Tom's dog's name?
Do you know Tom's email address?
Do you know Tom's family?
Do you know Tom's father's name?
Do you know Tom's father?
Do you know Tom's full name?
Do you know Tom's girlfriend's name?
Do you know Tom's home address?
Do you know Tom's intentions?
Do you know Tom's last name?
Do you know Tom's last wish?
Do you know Tom's middle name?
Do you know Tom's mother?
Do you know Tom's number?
Do you know Tom's older brother?
Do you know Tom's parents?
Do you know Tom's password?
Do you know Tom's phone number?
Do you know Tom's plans?
Do you know Tom's real name?
Do you know Tom's secret formula?
Do you know Tom's secret?
Do you know Tom's sister?
Do you know Tom's sisters?
Do you know Tom's son?
Do you know Tom's sons?
Do you know Tom's surname?
Do you know Tom's whereabouts?
Do you know Tom's wife's name?
Do you know Tom's wife?
Do you know Tom, by any chance?
Do you know Tom?
Do you know Turkish?
Do you know Ukrainian?
Do you know Umm Qirfa, the 80-year-old Arab poetess who was murdered by Muhammad?
Do you know Voltaire, the French philosopher, who dared to criticize Islamic dogma?
Do you know Waleed Al-Husseini, the Palestinian essayist who is threatened with death by Muslim fanatics?
Do you know Yanni's mother?
Do you know Yanni?
Do you know a Kabyle recipe?
Do you know a Mr. Green?
Do you know a better way than this?
Do you know a better way to do that?
Do you know a better way to do this?
Do you know a better way?
Do you know a certain Mr. Green?
Do you know a cheap hotel nearby?
Do you know a conlang?
Do you know a delicious Korean restaurant?
Do you know a doctor who makes house calls?
Do you know a doctor who speaks Japanese?
Do you know a girl called Jessica Smith?
Do you know a good apartment?
Do you know a good cook?
Do you know a good dentist?
Do you know a good disco near here?
Do you know a good film?
Do you know a good motel not far from here?
Do you know a good place to have lunch?
Do you know a good poison for cockroaches?
Do you know a good remedy for seasickness?
Do you know a good restaurant?
Do you know a good specialty store dealing in herbs?
Do you know a good spot for a picnic?
Do you know a good way to learn new words?
Do you know a good way to memorize new vocabulary?
Do you know a guy named Tom Jackson?
Do you know a lot about Tom?
Do you know a man named Tom Jackson by any chance?
Do you know a man named Tom Jackson?
Do you know a person named Sami?
Do you know a police officer named Tom Jackson?
Do you know a quiet place we can talk?
Do you know a restaurant nearby?
Do you know a safer way to do that?
Do you know a shortcut?
Do you know a way to download Youtube videos?
Do you know about "Heidi, Girl of the Alps"?
Do you know about Duolingo?
Do you know about Singapore?
Do you know about Tom's offense?
Do you know about that German letter that kind of looks like a 'B'?
Do you know about that?
Do you know about the incident from the other day?
Do you know about the new pie shop in town?
Do you know about the recent incident?
Do you know about the war happening in Russia and Ukraine?
Do you know about the website Tatoeba?
Do you know about this?
Do you know about wines?
Do you know accounting?
Do you know all of Tom's children's names?
Do you know all the flags of the world?
Do you know all the letters?
Do you know all the words to this song?
Do you know all these fellows?
Do you know all these people?
Do you know all three of Tom's sisters?
Do you know an artist who can restore this old picture for me?
Do you know an ethnic dance?
Do you know any 60 year old woman?
Do you know any Berber tongue twisters?
Do you know any Canadian folk songs?
Do you know any Canadians living in Australia?
Do you know any Canadians living in Boston?
Do you know any Canadians who can't speak French?
Do you know any Canadians?
Do you know any Finnish tongue-twisters?
Do you know any French songs?
Do you know any French swearwords?
Do you know any French tongue-twisters?
Do you know any French?
Do you know any Greek myths?
Do you know any Halloween stories?
Do you know any Kabyle in your school?
Do you know any authors who write in multiple languages?
Do you know any better way to do that?
Do you know any bilingual speakers?
Do you know any bitches in Boston?
Do you know any buses that pass in front of Shopping Via Sul?
Do you know any card tricks?
Do you know any cardiologists?
Do you know any dentists who speak French?
Do you know any doctor who speaks Japanese?
Do you know any doctor who understands Japanese?
Do you know any doctors who speak French?
Do you know any doctors who speak Japanese?
Do you know any female pilots?
Do you know any foreigners living in your country?
Do you know any forest rangers?
Do you know any ghost stories?
Do you know any good Czech movies?
Do you know any good German movies?
Do you know any good Korean restaurants?
Do you know any good doctor?
Do you know any good pizza places?
Do you know any good places to eat around here?
Do you know any good restaurant around here?
Do you know any good restaurant near here?
Do you know any good restaurants near here?
Do you know any good restaurants where I can have lunch?
Do you know any good restaurants?
Do you know any good sites for studying languages?
Do you know any haunted house in the neighborhood?
Do you know any kings?
Do you know any magic spells?
Do you know any magic tricks?
Do you know any martial arts to be traveling like this?
Do you know any new jokes?
Do you know any of Tom's brothers?
Do you know any of Tom's friends?
Do you know any of Tom’s friends?
Do you know any of the boys in this room?
Do you know any of the children in the room?
Do you know any of the people in this picture?
Do you know any of them?
Do you know any of these girls?
Do you know any of these guys?
Do you know any of these people?
Do you know any of those boys?
Do you know any of those girls?
Do you know any of those guys?
Do you know any of those men?
Do you know any of those people?
Do you know any of those students?
Do you know any of those women?
Do you know any other Toms?
Do you know any other animals apart from chickens which cluck?
Do you know any other animals which cluck apart from chickens?
Do you know any other card tricks?
Do you know any other jokes?
Do you know any other languages?
Do you know any other poems?
Do you know any other riddles?
Do you know any other songs?
Do you know any other tricks?
Do you know any other way I could try doing that?
Do you know any other way to do this?
Do you know any other way we could try doing that?
Do you know any place we can go?
Do you know any poems?
Do you know any poetesses?
Do you know any queens?
Do you know any redheads?
Do you know any restaurants with good Korean food?
Do you know any riddles?
Do you know any safer way to do that?
Do you know any sign languages? I'm learning ASL and JSL.
Do you know any single men about my age?
Do you know any single women about my age?
Do you know any swear words in French?
Do you know any synonyms for that word?
Do you know any trick to remove blood stains from a white shirt?
Do you know any words or phrases in Portuguese?
Do you know anybody around here who has a place to rent?
Do you know anybody from Australia?
Do you know anybody here?
Do you know anybody in Australia?
Do you know anybody in Boston?
Do you know anybody living in Boston?
Do you know anybody named Tom?
Do you know anybody there?
Do you know anybody who can do that for us?
Do you know anybody who can do that?
Do you know anybody who can help me?
Do you know anybody who can help?
Do you know anybody who can teach my children French?
Do you know anybody who can teach my kids French?
Do you know anybody who could help Tom?
Do you know anybody who lives in Australia?
Do you know anybody who lives in Boston?
Do you know anybody who might be able to tell me what happened?
Do you know anybody who passed last year's exam?
Do you know anybody who passed this exam?
Do you know anybody who plays the guitar?
Do you know anybody who speaks French?
Do you know anybody who speaks five languages?
Do you know anybody who studies French?
Do you know anybody who teaches French?
Do you know anybody who works in that building?
Do you know anybody who's been to Australia?
Do you know anybody who's gone to Australia?
Do you know anyone from Australia?
Do you know anyone from Boston?
Do you know anyone here?
Do you know anyone in Australia?
Do you know anyone in Boston?
Do you know anyone living in Boston?
Do you know anyone named Tom?
Do you know anyone that has done that?
Do you know anyone who can do that as well as Tom can?
Do you know anyone who can do that?
Do you know anyone who can fly an airplane?
Do you know anyone who can help me?
Do you know anyone who can read palms?
Do you know anyone who can speak French?
Do you know anyone who can teach my children French?
Do you know anyone who can teach my kids French?
Do you know anyone who can translate this French document for me?
Do you know anyone who could do that for us?
Do you know anyone who could give me a hand with my car?
Do you know anyone who does that?
Do you know anyone who doesn't like chocolate?
Do you know anyone who has gotten a divorce?
Do you know anyone who has gotten divorced?
Do you know anyone who hums while they work?
Do you know anyone who is living in Tokyo?
Do you know anyone who knows about architecture?
Do you know anyone who knows how to do this?
Do you know anyone who lives here?
Do you know anyone who lives in Australia?
Do you know anyone who might be able to help us?
Do you know anyone who needs a job?
Do you know anyone who passed last year's exam?
Do you know anyone who plays in a band?
Do you know anyone who plays the guitar?
Do you know anyone who sells what we need?
Do you know anyone who speaks French?
Do you know anyone who speaks Japanese?
Do you know anyone who speaks Urdu over here?
Do you know anyone who studies French?
Do you know anyone who teaches French?
Do you know anyone who was on that ship that sunk?
Do you know anyone who works in that building?
Do you know anyone who would be able to do that?
Do you know anyone who would be able to help me?
Do you know anyone who would be able to help us?
Do you know anyone who's been a victim of identity theft?
Do you know anyone who's been to Australia?
Do you know anyone who's been to Boston?
Do you know anyone who's gone to Australia?
Do you know anyone who's gone to Boston?
Do you know anyone who's good at French?
Do you know anyone who's gotten divorced?
Do you know anyone who's hiring?
Do you know anyone who's looking for a job?
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
Do you know anyone who's very overweight?
Do you know anyone who’s not on Facebook?
Do you know anything about Australia?
Do you know anything about Boston?
Do you know anything about Islam?
Do you know anything about Israel?
Do you know anything about Tom and the other children?
Do you know anything about Tom's childhood?
Do you know anything about Tom's family?
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
Do you know anything about Tom?
Do you know anything about art?
Do you know anything about astronomy?
Do you know anything about basketball?
Do you know anything about bee stings?
Do you know anything about cameras?
Do you know anything about cars?
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
Do you know anything about computer science?
Do you know anything about computers?
Do you know anything about fixing computers?
Do you know anything about her?
Do you know anything about him?
Do you know anything about his family?
Do you know anything about his wife?
Do you know anything about horse racing?
Do you know anything about it?
Do you know anything about predicting the weather?
Do you know anything about ships?
Do you know anything about tents?
Do you know anything about that?
Do you know anything about the Jackson family?
Do you know anything about the history or origin of this flag?
Do you know anything about the meaning of dreams?
Do you know anything about the movie Tom wants to see?
Do you know anything about the school Tom and Mary go to?
Do you know anything about the school Tom goes to?
Do you know anything about them?
Do you know anything about this matter?
Do you know anything about this?
Do you know anything about those people?
Do you know anything about training dogs?
Do you know anything about us?
Do you know anything about whales?
Do you know anything about what happened here this morning?
Do you know anything about what happened?
Do you know anything about your family?
Do you know anything else about Tom?
Do you know anything else about her?
Do you know anything else about him?
Do you know anything?
Do you know arabic?
Do you know at what time the show starts?
Do you know baseball?
Do you know both of Tom's brothers?
Do you know by any chance where Tom is?
Do you know by any chance where the police station is located?
Do you know by any chance who wrote this novel?
Do you know by chance of a hotel with a good price nearby?
Do you know chess?
Do you know each other already?
Do you know each other?
Do you know either of the girls?
Do you know either of the two girls?
Do you know either of those boys?
Do you know either of those girls?
Do you know either of those two girls?
Do you know everyone here?
Do you know everything about your family?
Do you know exactly how hard it is?
Do you know exactly what we're looking for?
Do you know exactly what you need?
Do you know exactly what you're looking for?
Do you know exactly what's going on?
Do you know exactly where Hannibal crossed the Alps?
Do you know for sure that Tom is behind that?
Do you know for sure that these are real diamonds?
Do you know for sure that was Tom?
Do you know for sure?
Do you know good from evil?
Do you know he is good at making coffee?
Do you know her address?
Do you know her address? I'm thinking of inviting her out.
Do you know her at all?
Do you know her brother?
Do you know her email address?
Do you know her father?
Do you know her favorite colors?
Do you know her last name?
Do you know her name?
Do you know her number?
Do you know her personally?
Do you know her well?
Do you know her?
Do you know him at all?
Do you know him personally?
Do you know him that much?
Do you know him that well?
Do you know him well?
Do you know him, by any chance?
Do you know him?
Do you know his address?
Do you know his apartment number?
Do you know his birthplace?
Do you know his brother?
Do you know his dad?
Do you know his email address?
Do you know his father?
Do you know his last name?
Do you know his mum?
Do you know his name?
Do you know his number by heart?
Do you know his number?
Do you know his older brother?
Do you know his password?
Do you know his phone number?
Do you know his son?
Do you know his status in the company?
Do you know his wife?
Do you know history well?
Do you know how I can get in touch with Tom?
Do you know how I can get there?
Do you know how I feel?
Do you know how Maria's leg is?
Do you know how Tom and Mary are doing?
Do you know how Tom and Mary do that?
Do you know how Tom broke his leg?
Do you know how Tom did it?
Do you know how Tom did that?
Do you know how Tom died?
Do you know how Tom does that?
Do you know how Tom escaped?
Do you know how Tom got here?
Do you know how Tom got hurt?
Do you know how Tom got in?
Do you know how Tom got injured?
Do you know how Tom got involved?
Do you know how Tom got that scar on his chin?
Do you know how Tom got the scar on his chin?
Do you know how Tom got this information?
Do you know how Tom is doing?
Do you know how Tom is related to Mary?
Do you know how Tom knew?
Do you know how Tom lost his hearing?
Do you know how Tom met Mary?
Do you know how Tom obtained the information?
Do you know how Tom obtained this information?
Do you know how Tom sprained his ankle?
Do you know how Tom's father died?
Do you know how and when?
Do you know how annoying that is?
Do you know how annoying you are?
Do you know how beautiful you are?
Do you know how busy I've been?
Do you know how can I go to the grand bazaar?
Do you know how cold it got last night?
Do you know how dangerous that is?
Do you know how deep the water is here?
Do you know how deep the water is?
Do you know how embarrassing this is for Tom?
Do you know how far Australia is from New Zealand?
Do you know how far Boston is from Chicago?
Do you know how far it is from the railway station to the town hall?
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
Do you know how far the station is from the town hall?
Do you know how fast you were driving?
Do you know how fast you were going?
Do you know how hard it is to apologize seriously to him?
Do you know how hard we worked to raise you?
Do you know how he's doing?
Do you know how high the television tower is?
Do you know how his father died?
Do you know how it feels to lose an old friend?
Do you know how it feels to translate a hundred similar variations of a sentence?
Do you know how it happened?
Do you know how it works?
Do you know how it's spelled?
Do you know how late it stays open?
Do you know how late the flower shop stays open?
Do you know how late the stores are open?
Do you know how long I've been waiting for Tom?
Do you know how long I've been waiting for her?
Do you know how long I've been waiting?
Do you know how long Tom has been waiting for you?
Do you know how long Tom has lived in Boston?
Do you know how long Tom is going to be in Boston?
Do you know how long is it going to be compiling?
Do you know how long it takes to fly from Boston to Chicago?
Do you know how long it takes to make this stuff?
Do you know how long it took Tom to make that?
Do you know how long it took to make this stuff?
Do you know how long it'll take?
Do you know how long they have been married?
Do you know how long they've been married?
Do you know how long this training will take?
Do you know how long you've been here?
Do you know how many animals suffered in the process of laying those eggs?
Do you know how many apples Tom bought?
Do you know how many apples we have?
Do you know how many cats Tom has?
Do you know how many cats she has?
Do you know how many eggs Tom bought?
Do you know how many in the world starve to death every year?
Do you know how many languages Tom can speak?
Do you know how many millionaires live in Australia?
Do you know how many millionaires live in Boston?
Do you know how many people are here?
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
Do you know how many people died when the Titanic sank?
Do you know how many people in the world die of hunger every year?
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
Do you know how many people live in Australia?
Do you know how many people live in Tokyo?
Do you know how many people starve to death in the world annually?
Do you know how many people turned up at the dance last week?
Do you know how many people will be at the party tonight?
Do you know how many programs my washing machine has?
Do you know how many school shootings took place in the US over the past few years?
Do you know how many there are?
Do you know how many tourists come to Australia every day?
Do you know how many tourists come to Boston every day?
Do you know how many years Tom and Mary have been married?
Do you know how many years old human civilization is?
Do you know how much I give to charity?
Do you know how much I love you?
Do you know how much I paid for that?
Do you know how much I really wanted to do that?
Do you know how much I really wanted to see Fadil?
Do you know how much I really wanted to see Tom?
Do you know how much I value our friendship?
Do you know how much Tom and Mary make?
Do you know how much Tom gets paid to do that?
Do you know how much Tom makes?
Do you know how much Tom paid for that?
Do you know how much Tom was being paid for doing that?
Do you know how much Tom weighs?
Do you know how much a kilo of rice costs?
Do you know how much a pound of cod is?
Do you know how much all this will cost?
Do you know how much is costs to fly from Boston to Chicago?
Do you know how much it cost me?
Do you know how much it costs to be a member here?
Do you know how much it costs to do it?
Do you know how much it costs to do that?
Do you know how much it costs to get to Australia from here?
Do you know how much it costs to get to Boston from here?
Do you know how much it costs to have a child?
Do you know how much it costs?
Do you know how much it would cost to do that?
Do you know how much love it takes for a woman to be undressed by a man, becoming nude in front of him?
Do you know how much money Tom earned doing that?
Do you know how much of a loss it was?
Do you know how much of a loss we suffered?
Do you know how much of a wait there'll be for a cab?
Do you know how much profit we made?
Do you know how much strawberries cost right now?
Do you know how much sugar Tom bought?
Do you know how much that car cost me?
Do you know how much that cost?
Do you know how much these shoes cost?
Do you know how much they paid for those?
Do you know how much this means to me?
Do you know how much this shirt cost?
Do you know how much we sacrificed for you?
Do you know how much you embarrass me?
Do you know how much you weigh?
Do you know how my friends describe me?
Do you know how old I am?
Do you know how old Miss Nakano is?
Do you know how old Mozart was when he died?
Do you know how old Tom and Mary are?
Do you know how old Tom is?
Do you know how old Tom was when he died?
Do you know how old human civilization is?
Do you know how replace a zip?
Do you know how sausage is made?
Do you know how she is doing?
Do you know how tall Tom and Mary are?
Do you know how tall Tom is?
Do you know how tall Tom was when he was thirteen?
Do you know how tall he is?
Do you know how tall she is?
Do you know how that could have happened?
Do you know how that could've happened?
Do you know how that feels?
Do you know how that happened?
Do you know how that looks?
Do you know how that's possible?
Do you know how the accident happened?
Do you know how the operate the fireplace?
Do you know how they knew?
Do you know how this ends?
Do you know how this machine is operated?
Do you know how this machine operates?
Do you know how this machine works?
Do you know how this thing works?
Do you know how this works?
Do you know how to add new contacts to this phone?
Do you know how to bake bread?
Do you know how to build a fire?
Do you know how to care for a horse?
Do you know how to catch a butterfly?
Do you know how to change a diaper?
Do you know how to change a fuse?
Do you know how to change a light bulb?
Do you know how to change a light switch?
Do you know how to change a tire?
Do you know how to change a tyre?
Do you know how to change the tire?
Do you know how to clean a leather belt?
Do you know how to climb a palm tree?
Do you know how to contact Tom?
Do you know how to contact her?
Do you know how to contact him?
Do you know how to contact me in an emergency?
Do you know how to contact me?
Do you know how to contact them?
Do you know how to contact us?
Do you know how to convert from Celsius to Fahrenheit?
Do you know how to cook Chinese food?
Do you know how to cook a certain dish?
Do you know how to cook a crab?
Do you know how to cook a lobster?
Do you know how to cook chicken?
Do you know how to cook fish?
Do you know how to cook meat?
Do you know how to cook rice well?
Do you know how to cook?
Do you know how to correctly hold chopsticks?
Do you know how to count to ten in French?
Do you know how to count?
Do you know how to create flashcards?
Do you know how to crochet?
Do you know how to dance the rhumba?
Do you know how to dance the rumba?
Do you know how to dance?
Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?
Do you know how to deal with it?
Do you know how to decline this word?
Do you know how to differentiate between poison ivy and poison oak plants?
Do you know how to disassemble a faucet?
Do you know how to dive?
Do you know how to do any card tricks?
Do you know how to do any magic tricks?
Do you know how to do first aid?
Do you know how to do it?
Do you know how to do that dance?
Do you know how to do that?
Do you know how to do this?
Do you know how to do tiling?
Do you know how to drink palm wine?
Do you know how to drive a car?
Do you know how to drive a forklift?
Do you know how to drive a manual car?
Do you know how to drive a manual?
Do you know how to drive this thing?
Do you know how to drive?
Do you know how to eat durian?
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?
Do you know how to fish?
Do you know how to fix a leaky faucet?
Do you know how to fix a rock chip in your windshield?
Do you know how to fix a stuck zipper?
Do you know how to fix this TV?
Do you know how to fix this?
Do you know how to fold a paper airplane?
Do you know how to get a hold of Tom?
Do you know how to get by with a dictionary?
Do you know how to get hold of me if there's an emergency?
Do you know how to get home from here?
Do you know how to get home?
Do you know how to get in touch with Tom?
Do you know how to get out of here?
Do you know how to get rich?
Do you know how to get the motor started?
Do you know how to get there by public transportation?
Do you know how to get there?
Do you know how to get to Tom's house from here?
Do you know how to get to Tom's house?
Do you know how to get to Tom's?
Do you know how to get to our place?
Do you know how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Do you know how to get to the conservatory?
Do you know how to get to the farm?
Do you know how to get to the pizzeria?
Do you know how to get to the police station?
Do you know how to get to the supermarket?
Do you know how to get to the train station?
Do you know how to get to the zoo?
Do you know how to give yourself an intramuscular injection?
Do you know how to grind beef?
Do you know how to haggle?
Do you know how to hold chopsticks properly?
Do you know how to hula?
Do you know how to hunt?
Do you know how to inflate the tire?
Do you know how to juggle?
Do you know how to keep a secret?
Do you know how to kiss?
Do you know how to knit?
Do you know how to lay tiles?
Do you know how to learn a foreign language quickly?
Do you know how to lift curses?
Do you know how to lucid dream?
Do you know how to make Thousand Island dressing?
Do you know how to make a birthday cake?
Do you know how to make a candle?
Do you know how to make a conlang?
Do you know how to make a cypher?
Do you know how to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
Do you know how to make a raw fish salad?
Do you know how to make an omelette?
Do you know how to make an outfit?
Do you know how to make cheesecake?
Do you know how to make chocolate milk?
Do you know how to make fig jam?
Do you know how to make garlic sauce?
Do you know how to make ice cream?
Do you know how to make jam?
Do you know how to make lasagna?
Do you know how to make paper airplanes?
Do you know how to meow like a cat?
Do you know how to milk a cow?
Do you know how to navigate office politics?
Do you know how to navigate with a compass and map?
Do you know how to navigate?
Do you know how to open this box?
Do you know how to open this safe?
Do you know how to operate a computer?
Do you know how to operate the shower?
Do you know how to operate this machine?
Do you know how to order a beer in Portuguese?
Do you know how to paint?
Do you know how to pick locks?
Do you know how to pickle?
Do you know how to plant cabbages?
Do you know how to play backgammon?
Do you know how to play cards?
Do you know how to play checkers?
Do you know how to play chess?
Do you know how to play euchre?
Do you know how to play golf?
Do you know how to play hacky sack?
Do you know how to play mahjong?
Do you know how to play office politics?
Do you know how to play poker?
Do you know how to play softball?
Do you know how to play sompoton?
Do you know how to play that game?
Do you know how to play the banjo?
Do you know how to play the dombra?
Do you know how to play the game?
Do you know how to play the organ?
Do you know how to play the piano?
Do you know how to play the trumpet?
Do you know how to play this game?
Do you know how to play?
Do you know how to prepare fish?
Do you know how to prevent it from happening again?
Do you know how to program?
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
Do you know how to pump up the tyre?
Do you know how to raise bees?
Do you know how to reach Tom?
Do you know how to reach her?
Do you know how to reach him?
Do you know how to reach me in case of emergency?
Do you know how to reach me?
Do you know how to reach them?
Do you know how to reach us?
Do you know how to read a map?
Do you know how to read and write?
Do you know how to read maps?
Do you know how to read palms?
Do you know how to read the Russian alphabet?
Do you know how to read?
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?
Do you know how to remove limescale buildup from the faucet?
Do you know how to remove mineral deposits from the faucet?
Do you know how to repair a bicycle's punctured tyre? It's really straightforward.
Do you know how to replace a light switch?
Do you know how to ride a bicycle?
Do you know how to ride a bike?
Do you know how to ride a horse?
Do you know how to ride a motorcycle?
Do you know how to ride a unicycle?
Do you know how to row a boat?
Do you know how to run this machine?
Do you know how to sail a boat?
Do you know how to sail?
Do you know how to say this in French?
Do you know how to sew?
Do you know how to sing?
Do you know how to ski?
Do you know how to solve this mystery?
Do you know how to solve this riddle?
Do you know how to speak English?
Do you know how to speak French?
Do you know how to speak Mandarin?
Do you know how to speak Romanian?
Do you know how to speak Russian?
Do you know how to speak any languages other than French and English?
Do you know how to speak both French and English?
Do you know how to speak either French or English?
Do you know how to speak well?
Do you know how to speak?
Do you know how to spell Tom's last name?
Do you know how to start a fire using just sticks of wood?
Do you know how to start a fire without matches?
Do you know how to start a fire?
Do you know how to study a conlang?
Do you know how to swear in French?
Do you know how to swim?
Do you know how to tap dance?
Do you know how to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
Do you know how to tie a knot?
Do you know how to tie a square knot?
Do you know how to tie a tie?
Do you know how to tie knots?
Do you know how to tie your shoes?
Do you know how to tile?
Do you know how to treat a first-degree burn?
Do you know how to treat first-degree burns?
Do you know how to treat men well?
Do you know how to tune a guitar?
Do you know how to tune a piano?
Do you know how to turn on the stove?
Do you know how to turn this device on?
Do you know how to type?
Do you know how to unclog a toilet?
Do you know how to unlock this door?
Do you know how to use a computer?
Do you know how to use a dheki?
Do you know how to use a dictionary?
Do you know how to use a husking pedal?
Do you know how to use a hypodermic needle?
Do you know how to use a personal computer?
Do you know how to use a sickle without cutting yourself?
Do you know how to use a slingshot?
Do you know how to use a word processing program?
Do you know how to use a word processor?
Do you know how to use an abacus?
Do you know how to use an ax?
Do you know how to use chopsticks?
Do you know how to use it?
Do you know how to use one of these?
Do you know how to use the Berber alphabet?
Do you know how to use the PTO's databases?
Do you know how to use these command line tools?
Do you know how to use these things?
Do you know how to use this camera?
Do you know how to use this kind of chain saw?
Do you know how to use this machine?
Do you know how to use this?
Do you know how to water ski?
Do you know how to whistle?
Do you know how to wield an epee?
Do you know how to wield an épée?
Do you know how to work the machine?
Do you know how to work this machine?
Do you know how to write a letter in English?
Do you know how to write it?
Do you know how worried you made me?
Do you know how you can get hold of me in case of emergency?
Do you know how you're going to stall Tom?
Do you know how?
Do you know iLe's full name?
Do you know if Grace is at home?
Do you know if Lucy can speak Japanese?
Do you know if Mary can take care of herself?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are allowed to do that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are permitted to do that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have already eaten?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have done that already?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have done that or not?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have made up yet?
Do you know if Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you know if Tom can come with us tomorrow?
Do you know if Tom can do that?
Do you know if Tom can speak French?
Do you know if Tom can swim?
Do you know if Tom can take care of himself?
Do you know if Tom has a girlfriend?
Do you know if Tom has already eaten?
Do you know if Tom has done that already?
Do you know if Tom has spoken to Mary recently?
Do you know if Tom is alive?
Do you know if Tom is allowed to do that?
Do you know if Tom is coming to the party?
Do you know if Tom is finished?
Do you know if Tom is going to do that?
Do you know if Tom is going to go with us?
Do you know if Tom is here?
Do you know if Tom is permitted to do that?
Do you know if Tom is seeing anyone?
Do you know if Tom knows French?
Do you know if Tom knows Galician?
Do you know if Tom lives here?
Do you know if Tom locked the door or not?
Do you know if Tom pays taxes?
Do you know if Tom plans on doing that?
Do you know if Tom plans to do that?
Do you know if Tom was involved?
Do you know if Tom will be coming to the party?
Do you know if Tom will do that?
Do you know if anyone's home?
Do you know if he can come to us tomorrow?
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
Do you know if he is available? I need to know in order to make an appointment with him.
Do you know if he left the hotel at night?
Do you know if he left the hotel during the night?
Do you know if he's coming to the party?
Do you know if he’s coming to the party?
Do you know if it has already snowed?
Do you know if it's started snowing yet?
Do you know if my father is still in the office?
Do you know if my husband is still in the office?
Do you know if she can speak English?
Do you know if that new restaurant is any good?
Do you know if there is a mosque near here?
Do you know if there is a pharmacy near here?
Do you know if there's a bar in the vicinity?
Do you know if there's a cheap hotel near here?
Do you know if there's a steam room anywhere around here?
Do you know if there's an automatic Hebrew vowelizer on the Internet? Could you please send me a link if you know of such a thing?
Do you know if there's an inexpensive hotel near here?
Do you know if they serve food on this train?
Do you know if this belongs to Tom?
Do you know if this has a solution?
Do you know if this is Tom's?
Do you know if this translation is any good?
Do you know in which country she lives now?
Do you know it for a fact?
Do you know it?
Do you know its etymology?
Do you know just how much my wrath can make serious damage when it is unleashed?
Do you know kabuki?
Do you know many people that have done that?
Do you know many people who have done that?
Do you know many people? > Do you know a lot of people?
Do you know maybe where Peter was this morning?
Do you know me?
Do you know me? - No, I don’t.
Do you know much about Australia?
Do you know much about Boston?
Do you know much about Tom?
Do you know much about art?
Do you know much about her?
Do you know much about him?
Do you know much about music?
Do you know much about that?
Do you know much about them?
Do you know much about us?
Do you know my address?
Do you know my age?
Do you know my brother Masao?
Do you know my brother?
Do you know my father?
Do you know my husband?
Do you know my name?
Do you know my sister?
Do you know my son?
Do you know my wife?
Do you know of Kabyle?
Do you know of a cheap hotel in the area?
Do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it?
Do you know of a good French restaurant?
Do you know of a good hospital for fixing my ingrown eyelashes?
Do you know of a good motel in the area?
Do you know of a good place for electrolysis?
Do you know of a good restaurant where I can have lunch?
Do you know of an apartment I can rent that allows pets?
Do you know of any cheap shops?
Do you know of any gay clubs?
Do you know of any good Japanese movies to watch?
Do you know of any good dentists?
Do you know of any good inexpensive hotels in Boston?
Do you know of any good medicine for a headache?
Do you know of any good movies to watch?
Do you know of any good restaurant around here?
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
Do you know of any good restaurants around here?
Do you know of any inexpensive hotels around here?
Do you know of any inexpensive stores?
Do you know of any other solutions?
Do you know of any person for me to rely on in Canada?
Do you know of any restaurants nearby?
Do you know of any studio around here that localizes Chinese games for American audiences?
Do you know of any way we can stop Tom's hiccups?
Do you know of anyone that can help us?
Do you know of someone who's never used toothpaste?
Do you know one or two good movies we could watch?
Do you know she's in the church?
Do you know sign language?
Do you know some Algerian jokes?
Do you know some palindromic primes?
Do you know somebody who can help me?
Do you know someone here?
Do you know someone we could trust?
Do you know someone who can help me?
Do you know someone who can help?
Do you know someone who formats computers?
Do you know someone who knows about air conditioning?
Do you know someone with a truck who could help me move some furniture?
Do you know something I don't know?
Do you know something about Tom's family?
Do you know something about it?
Do you know something about this?
Do you know something?
Do you know that Berber is rather a language family and not a language?
Do you know that I can speak more than ten languages?
Do you know that I don't like you at all?
Do you know that I have to pee sitting down like a woman?
Do you know that I like you?
Do you know that I think about you every day?
Do you know that I'm in love with you?
Do you know that Stephen Hawking did not believe in God at the end of his life?
Do you know that Thomas has a twin brother?
Do you know that Tom is Muslim?
Do you know that Wafa Sultan was threatened with death after revealing the truth about Islam?
Do you know that Zinedine Zidane is Kabyle?
Do you know that association?
Do you know that boy in the rowing boat with Mary?
Do you know that boy standing over there?
Do you know that boy who's crying?
Do you know that boy's name?
Do you know that boy?
Do you know that conversation is one of the greatest pleasures in life?
Do you know that crying boy?
Do you know that dog's name?
Do you know that elephants have two enormous ears, but they still can't understand you?
Do you know that everything I have is for you?
Do you know that fellow?
Do you know that for a fact?
Do you know that for certain?
Do you know that for sure?
Do you know that gentleman?
Do you know that girl over there with pigtails?
Do you know that girl's name?
Do you know that girl?
Do you know that guy over there?
Do you know that guy's name?
Do you know that guy?
Do you know that he brought us?
Do you know that hotel?
Do you know that in my garden grow leeks, onions, chives, and garlic?
Do you know that in those centers, in order to give semen, we'll have to lock ourselves in a little room and watch porn?
Do you know that it's almost time for dinner?
Do you know that kid?
Do you know that lady?
Do you know that man over there?
Do you know that man standing next to Tom?
Do you know that man standing over there?
Do you know that man there who's looking at you?
Do you know that man who is standing on the bridge?
Do you know that man who's looking at you?
Do you know that man who's standing next to Tom?
Do you know that man with a big hat on?
Do you know that man's name?
Do you know that man?
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
Do you know that part of the country?
Do you know that person?
Do you know that potatoes are growing in my garden?
Do you know that scene, when he was playing?
Do you know that smoking is prohibited here?
Do you know that song?
Do you know that sushi restaurant called Tatoeba in Shibuya?
Do you know that the French do not hear the difference between "symmetry" and "asymmetry"?
Do you know that the Olympic Games, when they began in Greece, were known to be exclusive only to those who spoke the Greek language?
Do you know that the ravens are all under the protection of the Lords of Ravenswood?
Do you know that the sun is shining?
Do you know that the word "Gospel" means "Good News"?
Do you know that there are foxes on this mountain?
Do you know that they are my problems?
Do you know that video?
Do you know that we have changed the schedule?
Do you know that woman's name?
Do you know that woman?
Do you know that you're beautiful?
Do you know that you're really beautiful?
Do you know that you're really wonderful?
Do you know that young lady sitting over there?
Do you know that young man?
Do you know that your spaceship is illegally parked in Saturn's orbit?
Do you know that's a bad sign?
Do you know that?
Do you know the American presidents?
Do you know the Berber alphabet?
Do you know the Bible?
Do you know the French equivalent of the word?
Do you know the Heimlich maneuver?
Do you know the Heimlich manoeuvre?
Do you know the Hindu trinity: Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva?
Do you know the Jacksons well?
Do you know the Kabyle academy?
Do you know the Santali language?
Do you know the WiFi password?
Do you know the Wikipedia website?
Do you know the accused?
Do you know the address?
Do you know the addressee?
Do you know the admin password for the router?
Do you know the answer to the question?
Do you know the answer to this question?
Do you know the answer?
Do you know the area well?
Do you know the best way to anger an Algerian?
Do you know the blood type of your child's father?
Do you know the boy in the picture?
Do you know the boy in this picture?
Do you know the boy next door?
Do you know the boy sitting near the window?
Do you know the boy who is crying over there?
Do you know the boy who's in the rowboat with Mary?
Do you know the boy who's in the rowing boat with Mary?
Do you know the boy who's sitting near the window?
Do you know the boy who's skateboarding over there?
Do you know the boys who beat Tom up?
Do you know the bride's parents?
Do you know the bus driver?
Do you know the capital of Belgium?
Do you know the chemical formula of phenol?
Do you know the chords to this song?
Do you know the code?
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
Do you know the conversion rate between dollars and euros?
Do you know the correct answer?
Do you know the country Mouloud Mammeri was born in? The answer is Algeria.
Do you know the creator?
Do you know the dialling code?
Do you know the difference between Brussels waffles and Liège waffles?
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
Do you know the difference between addition, subtraction, and multiplication?
Do you know the difference between an eggplant and a zucchini?
Do you know the difference between good and bad?
Do you know the difference between right and wrong?
Do you know the difference between silver and tin?
Do you know the difference between twill and corduroy?
Do you know the difference?
Do you know the exact date?
Do you know the expression "thank you?"
Do you know the extension?
Do you know the family next door?
Do you know the family?
Do you know the film The Man Who Fell To Earth?
Do you know the formal version of this word?
Do you know the girl Tom is talking to?
Do you know the girl in the portrait?
Do you know the girl over there?
Do you know the girl sitting over there?
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
Do you know the girl waving at us over there?
Do you know the girl who just came on board?
Do you know the girl who's sitting over there?
Do you know the groom?
Do you know the guy living next door?
Do you know the guy next door?
Do you know the guy sitting on the bench over there?
Do you know the guys Tom and Mary are talking to?
Do you know the guys Tom is talking to?
Do you know the history of Europe?
Do you know the imam of this mosque?
Do you know the longest word in your language?
Do you know the lyrics to this song?
Do you know the lyrics?
Do you know the major chords on the guitar?
Do you know the man gazing at you?
Do you know the man in this picture?
Do you know the man sitting on the bench?
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
Do you know the man staring at you?
Do you know the man that's staring at you?
Do you know the man who made this?
Do you know the man who was talking to me?
Do you know the man who's staring at you?
Do you know the man whose house we have just passed?
Do you know the meaning of "climate refugee"?
Do you know the meaning of these acronyms?
Do you know the meaning of this word?
Do you know the metric system?
Do you know the movie Avatar?
Do you know the name of her pediatrician?
Do you know the name of that beautiful girl over there?
Do you know the name of that beautiful mountain maid?
Do you know the name of that man over there?
Do you know the name of the boy standing over there?
Do you know the name of the boy who's playing the guitar?
Do you know the name of the boy who's standing over there?
Do you know the name of the girl that was with Tom?
Do you know the name of the girl who was with Tom?
Do you know the name of the most successful military man from this area?
Do you know the name of this flower?
Do you know the name of this game?
Do you know the name of this painting?
Do you know the name of this star?
Do you know the names of all eight of your great-grandparents?
Do you know the national anthem of Greece?
Do you know the neighbor upstairs?
Do you know the old lady at the gate?
Do you know the one who got arrested?
Do you know the one who hit you?
Do you know the origin?
Do you know the paradox about Achilles and the tortoise?
Do you know the password?
Do you know the people who live here?
Do you know the periodic table?
Do you know the person who is scheduled to give the next lecture?
Do you know the person who painted this picture?
Do you know the phone number of your relatives?
Do you know the postal code for Amsterdam?
Do you know the president?
Do you know the price of this car?
Do you know the real facts?
Do you know the real meaning of love?
Do you know the real reason Tom and Mary aren't here?
Do you know the real reason Tom isn't here?
Do you know the real reason that Tom isn't here?
Do you know the real reason why Tom isn't here?
Do you know the reason I came here?
Do you know the reason Tom came here today?
Do you know the reason Tom isn't here?
Do you know the reason Tom was asked to do that?
Do you know the reason Tom was sent to the Boston office?
Do you know the reason that Tom came here today?
Do you know the reason that Tom was sent to the Boston office?
Do you know the reason which prevented her from coming?
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are crying?
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are late?
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying?
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were doing that?
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were late?
Do you know the reason why Tom cut class today?
Do you know the reason why Tom cut classes today?
Do you know the reason why Tom is crying?
Do you know the reason why Tom is doing that?
Do you know the reason why Tom is late?
Do you know the reason why Tom is so angry?
Do you know the reason why Tom was crying?
Do you know the reason why Tom was doing that?
Do you know the reason why Tom was late?
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
Do you know the reason why two-thirds of the students did not attend the student meeting?
Do you know the reason why two-thirds of the students didn't attend the student meeting?
Do you know the reason?
Do you know the recipient?
Do you know the right answer?
Do you know the right words?
Do you know the route to Tokyo Park?
Do you know the rules of American football?
Do you know the rules of football?
Do you know the rules of soccer?
Do you know the rules of the game?
Do you know the rules?
Do you know the secret handshake?
Do you know the secret of a long life?
Do you know the secret?
Do you know the song Tom and Mary want you to sing?
Do you know the song Tom wants you to sing?
Do you know the speed of light in a vacuum by heart?
Do you know the story about the fox, the raven and the cheese?
Do you know the story of Hansel and Gretel?
Do you know the story of Tamza, grandmother used to tell us about long time ago?
Do you know the sun's shining?
Do you know the taste of thought?
Do you know the teacher who taught me French?
Do you know the team line-up yet?
Do you know the time of arrival of his plane?
Do you know the time of your bus?
Do you know the total population of Japan?
Do you know the town where he lives?
Do you know the town where he was born?
Do you know the trimurti: Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva?
Do you know the truth?
Do you know the value of fear?
Do you know the way back home?
Do you know the way back to the cabin?
Do you know the way home?
Do you know the way that he does it?
Do you know the way to Tom's house?
Do you know the way?
Do you know the website Tatoeba?
Do you know the words to that song?
Do you know the words to this song?
Do you know the words?
Do you know their address?
Do you know their brother?
Do you know their father?
Do you know their names?
Do you know them all?
Do you know them both?
Do you know them in person?
Do you know them personally?
Do you know them well?
Do you know them?
Do you know these Frenchmen?
Do you know these girls?
Do you know these guys?
Do you know these places?
Do you know these soldiers?
Do you know this French expression?
Do you know this Polish proverb?
Do you know this app?
Do you know this area well?
Do you know this book?
Do you know this card game?
Do you know this cartoon?
Do you know this channel?
Do you know this comic?
Do you know this deceased person?
Do you know this game?
Do you know this girl?
Do you know this guy?
Do you know this high schooler?
Do you know this lady?
Do you know this man in the picture?
Do you know this man's name?
Do you know this man?
Do you know this manga?
Do you know this neighborhood?
Do you know this neighbourhood?
Do you know this one?
Do you know this part of the city very well?
Do you know this person?
Do you know this place well?
Do you know this soldier?
Do you know this song?
Do you know this thing?
Do you know this tune?
Do you know this woman's name?
Do you know this woman?
Do you know this word?
Do you know this young lady?
Do you know this young man?
Do you know this?
Do you know those boys?
Do you know those children swimming with Tom?
Do you know those children talking with Tom?
Do you know those children who are swimming with Tom?
Do you know those children who are talking with Tom?
Do you know those children who're swimming with Tom?
Do you know those children?
Do you know those gentlemen?
Do you know those girls who just got off the bus?
Do you know those girls?
Do you know those guys?
Do you know those kids?
Do you know those ladies getting off the bus?
Do you know those ladies who just got off the train?
Do you know those ladies who're getting off the bus?
Do you know those ladies?
Do you know those men over there?
Do you know those men who just got off the train?
Do you know those men?
Do you know those people over there?
Do you know those people who're waiting over there?
Do you know those people?
Do you know those three boys?
Do you know those three guys?
Do you know those three?
Do you know those women who just got off the train?
Do you know those women?
Do you know until when it's open?
Do you know us?
Do you know very much about Tom?
Do you know we're the greatest country in the United States?
Do you know what AMP means?
Do you know what DAW Tom works with?
Do you know what European countries don't have access to the sea?
Do you know what FBI stands for?
Do you know what I am buying?
Do you know what I did?
Do you know what I just did for you?
Do you know what I just did?
Do you know what I like about Sami?
Do you know what I like?
Do you know what I mean?
Do you know what I really like?
Do you know what I really want?
Do you know what I see here?
Do you know what I think Mayflowers are, Marilla? I think they must be the souls of the flowers that died last summer and this is their heaven.
Do you know what I think about it?
Do you know what I think in this regard?
Do you know what I think?
Do you know what I want?
Do you know what I'm doing now?
Do you know what I'm doing?
Do you know what I'm going to do? Nothing.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Do you know what I'm thinking?
Do you know what Mark looks like?
Do you know what Mary said?
Do you know what Mr. Jackson's first name is?
Do you know what Mustafa Kemal Atatürk thinks about Islam?
Do you know what PDF stands for?
Do you know what PKO stands for?
Do you know what Pocket Monsters means in English?
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to be doing now?
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to be doing?
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to do?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are doing now?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are doing?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are going to do now?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are talking about?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are up to?
Do you know what Tom and Mary do for a living?
Do you know what Tom and Mary look like?
Do you know what Tom and Mary need?
Do you know what Tom and Mary want for Christmas?
Do you know what Tom and Mary want?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were doing in Boston?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were doing last night?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were doing there?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were hiding?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were talking about?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were wearing?
Do you know what Tom ate for lunch?
Do you know what Tom bought for us?
Do you know what Tom bought us?
Do you know what Tom bought?
Do you know what Tom did on his birthday?
Do you know what Tom did yesterday?
Do you know what Tom did?
Do you know what Tom died of?
Do you know what Tom does every afternoon?
Do you know what Tom does for a living?
Do you know what Tom does in his free time?
Do you know what Tom does in his spare time?
Do you know what Tom does?
Do you know what Tom expected to get?
Do you know what Tom expected to happen?
Do you know what Tom expected us to do?
Do you know what Tom expected?
Do you know what Tom expects Mary to do?
Do you know what Tom expects me to do?
Do you know what Tom expects us to do?
Do you know what Tom expects you to do?
Do you know what Tom had for lunch?
Do you know what Tom has done?
Do you know what Tom is capable of doing?
Do you know what Tom is doing now?
Do you know what Tom is doing?
Do you know what Tom is going to do next year?
Do you know what Tom is going to do now?
Do you know what Tom is going to do?
Do you know what Tom is looking for?
Do you know what Tom is suggesting?
Do you know what Tom is talking about?
Do you know what Tom is up to?
Do you know what Tom is working on?
Do you know what Tom looks like?
Do you know what Tom meant by that?
Do you know what Tom needs?
Do you know what Tom plans to do on his birthday?
Do you know what Tom really meant?
Do you know what Tom said about it?
Do you know what Tom said about you yesterday?
Do you know what Tom said to Mary?
Do you know what Tom said?
Do you know what Tom saw?
Do you know what Tom told Mary?
Do you know what Tom wanted?
Do you know what Tom wants for Christmas?
Do you know what Tom wants to buy?
Do you know what Tom wants to do?
Do you know what Tom wants to eat?
Do you know what Tom wants us to buy?
Do you know what Tom wants?
Do you know what Tom was doing in Australia?
Do you know what Tom was doing in Boston?
Do you know what Tom was doing last night?
Do you know what Tom was doing there?
Do you know what Tom was hiding?
Do you know what Tom was talking about?
Do you know what Tom was wearing?
Do you know what Tom will do now?
Do you know what Tom will do?
Do you know what Tom will say?
Do you know what Tom wrote?
Do you know what Tom's expectations are?
Do you know what Tom's favorite color is?
Do you know what Tom's favorite color was when he was a teenager?
Do you know what Tom's favorite colors are?
Do you know what Tom's favorite drink is?
Do you know what Tom's favorite food is?
Do you know what Tom's favorite movie is?
Do you know what Tom's favourite drink is?
Do you know what Tom's intentions are?
Do you know what Tom's last name is?
Do you know what Tom's nickname is?
Do you know what Tom's nickname was when he was a kid?
Do you know what Tom's opinion is?
Do you know what Tom's plans are?
Do you know what Tom's salary is now?
Do you know what Tom's secret ingredient is?
Do you know what Tom's secret is?
Do you know what Tom's surname is?
Do you know what Tom's wages are now?
Do you know what UNESCO stands for?
Do you know what a French horn is called in French?
Do you know what a black hole is?
Do you know what a child feels?
Do you know what a cicada is?
Do you know what a nebula is?
Do you know what a pyramid scheme is?
Do you know what a soubriquet is?
Do you know what a sprocket is?
Do you know what a taco is?
Do you know what an abacus is?
Do you know what an e-book is?
Do you know what an engagement ring is?
Do you know what annoys me the most Tom?
Do you know what benzyl acetate smells like?
Do you know what caused the accident?
Do you know what caused the problem?
Do you know what caused this?
Do you know what causes that?
Do you know what cicadas are?
Do you know what cold-blooded means?
Do you know what color Tom's car is?
Do you know what color she likes?
Do you know what colour she likes?
Do you know what colours she likes?
Do you know what compound words are?
Do you know what country he lives in now?
Do you know what country that is?
Do you know what couscous is?
Do you know what crawdads are?
Do you know what day it is today?
Do you know what day it is?
Do you know what day this is?
Do you know what divorce is?
Do you know what else is remarkable about Algiers?
Do you know what else is wrong?
Do you know what fear is?
Do you know what flower to buy on Mother's Day?
Do you know what flower to buy on Mother’s Day?
Do you know what friendship is?
Do you know what happened here this afternoon?
Do you know what happened here?
Do you know what happened in Australia today?
Do you know what happened in Boston today?
Do you know what happened last time?
Do you know what happened next?
Do you know what happened on March 15, 1848?
Do you know what happened to Tom?
Do you know what happened to her?
Do you know what happened to me?
Do you know what happened to the scissors that were here?
Do you know what happened to us?
Do you know what happened today?
Do you know what happened with him?
Do you know what happened?
Do you know what happens next?
Do you know what happens to people that do that kind of thing?
Do you know what happiness is?
Do you know what has become of him?
Do you know what he bought us?
Do you know what he brought us?
Do you know what he did?
Do you know what he has done?
Do you know what he said?
Do you know what he wants for his birthday?
Do you know what he wants to do?
Do you know what he's doing here?
Do you know what he's going to do?
Do you know what he's got planned?
Do you know what he's planning?
Do you know what her name means?
Do you know what his dreams mean?
Do you know what his name is?
Do you know what his name means?
Do you know what homesickness feels like?
Do you know what inspired Tom to do that?
Do you know what is going on?
Do you know what is happening?
Do you know what is referred to?
Do you know what is the first cause of discrimination in Italy?
Do you know what it feels like to be homesick?
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
Do you know what it is?
Do you know what it means for a man to give a woman perfume?
Do you know what it means when a man gives a woman a ring?
Do you know what it means when a man gives a woman expensive jewelry?
Do you know what it means when a man presents a ring to a woman?
Do you know what it means?
Do you know what it says?
Do you know what it was about?
Do you know what it was?
Do you know what it's all about?
Do you know what it's called in Algeria?
Do you know what it's called?
Do you know what it's for?
Do you know what just happened?
Do you know what kind of apartment Tom and Mary live in?
Do you know what kind of apartment Tom lives in?
Do you know what kind of books Tom and Mary like to read?
Do you know what kind of books Tom likes to read?
Do you know what kind of flower that is?
Do you know what kind of flower this is?
Do you know what kind of package it was?
Do you know what kind of plant this is?
Do you know what kind of salad Tom wants to order?
Do you know what kind of sandwich Tom wants to eat?
Do you know what kind of thing that is?
Do you know what kind of tree that is?
Do you know what kind of tree this is?
Do you know what love is?
Do you know what made that noise?
Do you know what movie Tom wants to watch?
Do you know what my dirtiest fantasy is?
Do you know what my father used to say?
Do you know what my mother used to say?
Do you know what my name means?
Do you know what part of Australia Tom and Mary are from?
Do you know what part of Australia Tom is from?
Do you know what part of Spain Toledo is in?
Do you know what patience is?
Do you know what people have been saying about you?
Do you know what plants are used to cure cholera?
Do you know what really happened?
Do you know what really hurts me the most?
Do you know what restaurant Tom has lunch at?
Do you know what room Tom and Mary are in?
Do you know what room Tom is in?
Do you know what sadness feels like?
Do you know what she said?
Do you know what she wants to do?
Do you know what size shoe Tom wears?
Do you know what song Tom wants to sing?
Do you know what songs Tom is going to sing tonight?
Do you know what species this is?
Do you know what steps to take next?
Do you know what street Tom and Mary live on?
Do you know what street Tom lives on?
Do you know what street they live in?
Do you know what street they live on?
Do you know what street this is?
Do you know what that guy's name is?
Do you know what that is?
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what that moron did?
Do you know what that thing over there is?
Do you know what that thing was?
Do you know what that was all about?
Do you know what that was?
Do you know what that's used for?
Do you know what the 'timun' said to the 'durian'?
Do you know what the OSCE is?
Do you know what the Philippine currency is called?
Do you know what the Wi-Fi password is?
Do you know what the acronym PKO stands for?
Do you know what the average lifespan of a horse is?
Do you know what the capital of Australia is?
Do you know what the difference between an emoticon and an emoji is?
Do you know what the difference is?
Do you know what the differences between emoticons and emojis are?
Do you know what the highest mountain in the world is?
Do you know what the kids used to call me?
Do you know what the largest ocean on Earth is?
Do you know what the longest river in the world is?
Do you know what the main causes of climate change are?
Do you know what the main exports of Australia are?
Do you know what the most common blood type is?
Do you know what the most popular sport in the world is?
Do you know what the name of last year's beauty pageant winner is?
Do you know what the neighbors say about you?
Do you know what the population of Australia is?
Do you know what the population of Boston is?
Do you know what the population of Tokyo is?
Do you know what the price of a new snowboard is?
Do you know what the problem is?
Do you know what the problem with that is?
Do you know what the problem with this is?
Do you know what the real problem is?
Do you know what the risks are?
Do you know what the rules are?
Do you know what the rules of golf are?
Do you know what the sad thing is?
Do you know what the smallest country in the world is?
Do you know what the speed limit is here?
Do you know what the speed limit is?
Do you know what the spikes on a cactus are for?
Do you know what the symptoms of the flu are?
Do you know what the tallest building in the world is?
Do you know what the temperature outside is?
Do you know what the term "false friends" means?
Do you know what the time is?
Do you know what the trouble is?
Do you know what the weather forecast is for tomorrow?
Do you know what the weather forecast is?
Do you know what the weather will be?
Do you know what the weather's going to be?
Do you know what their fate was?
Do you know what these are?
Do you know what these documents are?
Do you know what they call a French horn in French?
Do you know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in Paris?
Do you know what they call alternative medicine that works? Medicine.
Do you know what they call me here?
Do you know what they did?
Do you know what they found out?
Do you know what they have in common? Nothing!
Do you know what they plan to do if they win?
Do you know what they said?
Do you know what they want to do?
Do you know what they want?
Do you know what they're called?
Do you know what they're looking for?
Do you know what they're singing?
Do you know what they're talking about?
Do you know what they're up to?
Do you know what this blinking red light means?
Do you know what this box is made of?
Do you know what this car cost?
Do you know what this flag represents?
Do you know what this is about?
Do you know what this is all about?
Do you know what this is called in French?
Do you know what this is called?
Do you know what this is used for?
Do you know what this is?
Do you know what this means for us?
Do you know what this means?
Do you know what this means? I think this is probably French.
Do you know what this medicine is for? When did they prescribe it to you?
Do you know what this says?
Do you know what this sentence means?
Do you know what this stuff is?
Do you know what this symbol means?
Do you know what this thing is?
Do you know what this thing's called?
Do you know what this tool is used for?
Do you know what this word means?
Do you know what this word's equivalent is?
Do you know what those are?
Do you know what time Tom ate lunch?
Do you know what time Tom got here?
Do you know what time Tom left this morning?
Do you know what time Tom left?
Do you know what time Tom plans to leave?
Do you know what time Tom usually goes to bed?
Do you know what time Tom's curfew is?
Do you know what time it is in Australia?
Do you know what time it is in Boston?
Do you know what time it is now?
Do you know what time it is?
Do you know what time that accident happened?
Do you know what time that supermarket closes?
Do you know what time the accident happened?
Do you know what time the bank closes?
Do you know what time the bus is supposed to be here?
Do you know what time the class started?
Do you know what time the class starts at?
Do you know what time the class starts?
Do you know what time the class will start?
Do you know what time the flower shop closes?
Do you know what time the mall closes?
Do you know what time the next bus is?
Do you know what time the post office opens?
Do you know what time the shop is closed?
Do you know what time the shop shuts?
Do you know what time the shopping center closes?
Do you know what time the shopping centre closes?
Do you know what time the show starts?
Do you know what time the supermarket closes?
Do you know what time the zoo closes?
Do you know what time the zoo opens?
Do you know what time they came?
Do you know what to bring?
Do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building?
Do you know what to do if there’s a fire in the building?
Do you know what to do next?
Do you know what to do with this?
Do you know what to do?
Do you know what to get me for Christmas?
Do you know what to look for?
Do you know what to say?
Do you know what to write?
Do you know what today is?
Do you know what today's date is?
Do you know what used to be here?
Do you know what vivisection is?
Do you know what we ate for lunch today?
Do you know what we did?
Do you know what we have to do?
Do you know what we lost?
Do you know what we need to do?
Do you know what we ought to do?
Do you know what we should be doing?
Do you know what we should do?
Do you know what we're supposed to be doing now?
Do you know what we're supposed to be doing?
Do you know what we're supposed to do?
Do you know what will happen?
Do you know what would happen if you did that?
Do you know what would happen if you drank that?
Do you know what would really be fun?
Do you know what year it is?
Do you know what you are missing?
Do you know what you are? Trash!
Do you know what you did to me?
Do you know what you have to do?
Do you know what you just allowed to happen?
Do you know what you just did?
Do you know what you need to bring?
Do you know what you need to do?
Do you know what you need?
Do you know what you should do?
Do you know what you want for Christmas yet?
Do you know what you want for lunch?
Do you know what you want to do?
Do you know what you want?
Do you know what you're asking for?
Do you know what you're asking?
Do you know what you're doing?
Do you know what you're getting yourself into?
Do you know what you're going to do next year?
Do you know what you're going to do?
Do you know what you're saying, Tom?
Do you know what you're saying?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Do you know what you've done?
Do you know what your cats do all day alone at home?
Do you know what your children are doing right now?
Do you know what your children are eating?
Do you know what your dreams mean?
Do you know what your kids are eating?
Do you know what your name means?
Do you know what your problem is?
Do you know what you’re asking?
Do you know what'll happen next?
Do you know what'll happen?
Do you know what's become of Tom?
Do you know what's best for you?
Do you know what's bothering Tom?
Do you know what's causing the problem?
Do you know what's going on here?
Do you know what's going on in there?
Do you know what's going on over there?
Do you know what's going on there?
Do you know what's going on?
Do you know what's going to happen next?
Do you know what's going to happen to Tom?
Do you know what's going to happen?
Do you know what's happened to Tom?
Do you know what's happened?
Do you know what's happening here?
Do you know what's happening over there?
Do you know what's happening right now?
Do you know what's happening?
Do you know what's in here?
Do you know what's in that box?
Do you know what's in the box?
Do you know what's in this box?
Do you know what's in those containers?
Do you know what's inside the box?
Do you know what's inside the church?
Do you know what's missing?
Do you know what's on at cinemas?
Do you know what's really going on between Tom and Mary?
Do you know what's wrong with Tom's car?
Do you know what's wrong with Tom?
Do you know what's wrong with her?
Do you know what's wrong with him?
Do you know what's wrong with it?
Do you know what's wrong with me?
Do you know what's wrong with the copier?
Do you know what's wrong with them?
Do you know when Mozart died?
Do you know when Tom and Mary are getting married?
Do you know when Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you know when Tom and Mary got married?
Do you know when Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you know when Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you know when Tom ate lunch?
Do you know when Tom bought his car?
Do you know when Tom bought his new car?
Do you know when Tom broke his leg?
Do you know when Tom came to Australia?
Do you know when Tom came to Boston?
Do you know when Tom did that?
Do you know when Tom died?
Do you know when Tom got back?
Do you know when Tom got here?
Do you know when Tom got his driver's license?
Do you know when Tom graduated from college?
Do you know when Tom is getting here?
Do you know when Tom is going to Australia?
Do you know when Tom is going to Boston?
Do you know when Tom is going to do that?
Do you know when Tom is leaving?
Do you know when Tom is supposed to do that?
Do you know when Tom last ate something?
Do you know when Tom left Australia?
Do you know when Tom left Boston?
Do you know when Tom left for Australia?
Do you know when Tom left for Boston?
Do you know when Tom might be back?
Do you know when Tom plans on doing that?
Do you know when Tom plans to do that?
Do you know when Tom plans to leave?
Do you know when Tom returned?
Do you know when Tom started studying French?
Do you know when Tom will be back?
Do you know when Tom will be getting here?
Do you know when Tom will be here?
Do you know when Tom will be home?
Do you know when Tom will be leaving?
Do you know when Tom will come?
Do you know when Tom will do that?
Do you know when Tom will get back?
Do you know when Tom will return?
Do you know when Tom's birthday is?
Do you know when Tom's plane is arriving?
Do you know when did the Second Chechen War happen?
Do you know when he will come?
Do you know when he'll come back?
Do you know when he'll get back?
Do you know when he'll learn to drive?
Do you know when he's getting here?
Do you know when his plane is arriving?
Do you know when it closes?
Do you know when it shuts?
Do you know when she will come?
Do you know when sie is going for holiday?
Do you know when the art museum closes?
Do you know when the bank closes?
Do you know when the event took place?
Do you know when the first parliament came into being?
Do you know when the movie "Guardians of the Galaxy" ends?
Do you know when the movie "Star Wars" begins?
Do you know when the musician will come here?
Do you know when the next bus is coming?
Do you know when the shop closes?
Do you know when the shop shuts?
Do you know when the supermarket closes?
Do you know when the zoo closes?
Do you know when the zoo opens?
Do you know when they empty the bins?
Do you know when they will arrive?
Do you know when they will be back?
Do you know when they will return?
Do you know when they'll arrive?
Do you know when they'll be arriving?
Do you know when this picture was taken?
Do you know when this shop closes?
Do you know when to be there?
Do you know when to do it?
Do you know when you're supposed to do that?
Do you know where Australia is?
Do you know where Boston is?
Do you know where George bought his tennis racket?
Do you know where Holly is?
Do you know where I am?
Do you know where I can buy a tablecloth for this table?
Do you know where I can buy one of those?
Do you know where I can donate old shoes?
Do you know where I can find Tom?
Do you know where I can find her?
Do you know where I can find him?
Do you know where I can find it?
Do you know where I can find the Canadian consulate?
Do you know where I can find the Canadian embassy?
Do you know where I can find the restaurant?
Do you know where I can find your ID?
Do you know where I can get a computer for a good price?
Do you know where I can get a taxi?
Do you know where I can get help?
Do you know where I can get one of those?
Do you know where I can get one?
Do you know where I can go online?
Do you know where I can reach Tom?
Do you know where I can rent a boat?
Do you know where I can send my computer to get it repaired?
Do you know where I can send the computer to get repaired?
Do you know where I could buy another one of these?
Do you know where I live?
Do you know where I might be able to find Tom?
Do you know where I might find Tom?
Do you know where I might find small cowboy boots?
Do you know where I put my cell phone?
Do you know where I put my hat?
Do you know where I put my key?
Do you know where I put my wallet?
Do you know where I was?
Do you know where I'll end up if I take this road?
Do you know where I've placed my glasses?
Do you know where Jim and Nancy are?
Do you know where Lesser Britain is?
Do you know where Miss Hudson lives?
Do you know where Mrs. Hudson lives?
Do you know where Tim Horton's is?
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are from?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are going?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are now?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are or don't you?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are taking us?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are waiting for us?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are?
Do you know where Tom and Mary go to school?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been all morning?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been the past three weeks?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have to go?
Do you know where Tom and Mary keep the aspirin?
Do you know where Tom and Mary live?
Do you know where Tom and Mary need to go?
Do you know where Tom and Mary play tennis?
Do you know where Tom and Mary usually go fishing?
Do you know where Tom and Mary usually go shopping?
Do you know where Tom and Mary usually go swimming?
Do you know where Tom and Mary want to go?
Do you know where Tom and Mary were born?
Do you know where Tom and Mary were hiding?
Do you know where Tom and Mary work, or not?
Do you know where Tom and Mary work?
Do you know where Tom and his friends hang out?
Do you know where Tom and his friends went?
Do you know where Tom and your friends went?
Do you know where Tom ate lunch?
Do you know where Tom ate?
Do you know where Tom bought his bicycle?
Do you know where Tom bought his new car?
Do you know where Tom bought his new computer?
Do you know where Tom bought his umbrella?
Do you know where Tom bought these flowers?
Do you know where Tom bought this cello?
Do you know where Tom bought this?
Do you know where Tom buys rice?
Do you know where Tom caught all those fish?
Do you know where Tom could be?
Do you know where Tom could have hidden his money?
Do you know where Tom died?
Do you know where Tom eats lunch?
Do you know where Tom found the diamond?
Do you know where Tom goes to school?
Do you know where Tom got this?
Do you know where Tom has been all morning?
Do you know where Tom has been the past three weeks?
Do you know where Tom has been?
Do you know where Tom has gone?
Do you know where Tom has to go?
Do you know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Do you know where Tom hid the key?
Do you know where Tom hid the money?
Do you know where Tom hid?
Do you know where Tom hides his money?
Do you know where Tom is from?
Do you know where Tom is going to eat lunch?
Do you know where Tom is going?
Do you know where Tom is having lunch?
Do you know where Tom is headed?
Do you know where Tom is heading?
Do you know where Tom is hiding?
Do you know where Tom is likely to be?
Do you know where Tom is now?
Do you know where Tom is or don't you?
Do you know where Tom is taking us?
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?
Do you know where Tom is?
Do you know where Tom keeps his bicycle?
Do you know where Tom keeps the aspirin?
Do you know where Tom lives now?
Do you know where Tom lives?
Do you know where Tom met Mary?
Do you know where Tom might be?
Do you know where Tom might've gone?
Do you know where Tom needs to go?
Do you know where Tom parked his car?
Do you know where Tom plays golf?
Do you know where Tom plays tennis?
Do you know where Tom put his keys?
Do you know where Tom put his suitcase?
Do you know where Tom put the keys?
Do you know where Tom sits?
Do you know where Tom studied French?
Do you know where Tom used to live?
Do you know where Tom usually goes fishing?
Do you know where Tom usually goes shopping?
Do you know where Tom usually goes swimming?
Do you know where Tom usually is in the evening?
Do you know where Tom wants to go to university?
Do you know where Tom wants to go?
Do you know where Tom wants to live?
Do you know where Tom was born?
Do you know where Tom was headed?
Do you know where Tom was hiding?
Do you know where Tom was?
Do you know where Tom went last summer?
Do you know where Tom went to school?
Do you know where Tom went?
Do you know where Tom works?
Do you know where Tom's car is parked?
Do you know where Tom's house is?
Do you know where Tom's keys are?
Do you know where Tom's staying?
Do you know where Tom's umbrella is?
Do you know where Tom’s staying?
Do you know where Ziri is?
Do you know where a phone box is?
Do you know where a public payphone is?
Do you know where a telephone box is?
Do you know where all these cars came from?
Do you know where can I find this street?
Do you know where everybody else is?
Do you know where everyone else is?
Do you know where exactly Hannibal crossed the Alps?
Do you know where he bought his camera?
Do you know where he could have hidden his money?
Do you know where he goes to school?
Do you know where he is now?
Do you know where he is?
Do you know where he left it?
Do you know where he lives?
Do you know where he might be?
Do you know where he put it?
Do you know where he was born?
Do you know where he went?
Do you know where he works?
Do you know where he's left it?
Do you know where he's put it?
Do you know where his keys are?
Do you know where in Spain Toledo is?
Do you know where is what?
Do you know where it is?
Do you know where last Monday's newspaper is?
Do you know where might I find a letter box?
Do you know where my cell phone is?
Do you know where my glasses are?
Do you know where my hat is?
Do you know where my key is?
Do you know where my keys are?
Do you know where my man loiters?
Do you know where my new glasses are?
Do you know where my new hat is?
Do you know where my new sunglasses are?
Do you know where my old glasses are?
Do you know where my phone is?
Do you know where my purse is?
Do you know where my recipe book is?
Do you know where my sibling is?
Do you know where my striped sweater is?
Do you know where my sunglasses are?
Do you know where my watch is?
Do you know where one may see it?
Do you know where she bought herself a cat?
Do you know where she goes to school?
Do you know where she is now?
Do you know where she is?
Do you know where she lives?
Do you know where she was born?
Do you know where she went?
Do you know where she works?
Do you know where she's gone?
Do you know where that happened?
Do you know where that island is located?
Do you know where that took place?
Do you know where the Canadian consulate is?
Do you know where the Canadian embassy is?
Do you know where the acronym "PDF" comes from?
Do you know where the bathroom is?
Do you know where the broom is?
Do you know where the bus stop is?
Do you know where the bus-stop is?
Do you know where the cake is?
Do you know where the can opener is?
Do you know where the children are?
Do you know where the closest bathroom is?
Do you know where the doctor is?
Do you know where the dog is?
Do you know where the entrance to the park is?
Do you know where the girl lives?
Do you know where the hospital is?
Do you know where the hotel is?
Do you know where the key to this is?
Do you know where the leak is?
Do you know where the meeting will be?
Do you know where the money is?
Do you know where the nearest American Express office is?
Do you know where the nearest pharmacy is?
Do you know where the others are?
Do you know where the police station is?
Do you know where the police took Tom?
Do you know where the post office is?
Do you know where the restaurant is?
Do you know where the scissors that were here are?
Do you know where the spare keys are hidden?
Do you know where the supermarket is?
Do you know where the train station is?
Do you know where the westernmost point of Turkey is?
Do you know where the zoo is?
Do you know where there's a phone box?
Do you know where there's a public payphone?
Do you know where there's a telephone box?
Do you know where these equations come from?
Do you know where they are?
Do you know where they come from?
Do you know where they live?
Do you know where they walked to?
Do you know where they went?
Do you know where they were going?
Do you know where they were walking to?
Do you know where they're hiding?
Do you know where this island is located?
Do you know where this might lead?
Do you know where this museum is?
Do you know where to find Tom?
Do you know where to find her?
Do you know where to find him?
Do you know where to find them?
Do you know where to go or who to ask for information?
Do you know where to go or whom to ask for information?
Do you know where to go?
Do you know where to look?
Do you know where to plant it?
Do you know where to put everything?
Do you know where to put that?
Do you know where to start?
Do you know where tomorrow's meeting is going to be?
Do you know where we are?
Do you know where we can find Tom?
Do you know where we could find Tom?
Do you know where we could get one of those?
Do you know where we live?
Do you know where we might find Tom?
Do you know where we're going?
Do you know where you are at the moment?
Do you know where you are, Tom?
Do you know where you are?
Do you know where you came from?
Do you know where you can learn Esperanto?
Do you know where you need to go?
Do you know where you should get on the subway?
Do you know where you want to go?
Do you know where you're going to?
Do you know where you're going?
Do you know where you're supposed to park?
Do you know where your birth certificate is?
Do you know where your children are right now?
Do you know where your children are?
Do you know where your dad went?
Do you know where your father is now?
Do you know where your father went?
Do you know where your keys are?
Do you know where your kids are right now?
Do you know where your kids are?
Do you know where your laptop charger is?
Do you know where?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are allowed to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are permitted to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary have already eaten?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary have done that already?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary have done that or not?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you know whether Tom can speak French?
Do you know whether Tom did that or not?
Do you know whether Tom has done that or not?
Do you know whether Tom is doing that now?
Do you know whether Tom is married or single?
Do you know whether Tom knows French?
Do you know whether Tom lives here or not?
Do you know whether Tom lives here?
Do you know whether Tom plans on doing that?
Do you know whether Tom plans to do that?
Do you know whether Tom went by car or by bus?
Do you know whether it was a man or a woman who called?
Do you know whether it's going to rain tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not Grace is at home?
Do you know whether or not Ilya can speak Upper Sorbian?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan on helping us tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston next weekend?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan to help us tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not Tom can speak French?
Do you know whether or not Tom is at home?
Do you know whether or not Tom is going to Boston next summer?
Do you know whether or not Tom is going to sing for us tonight?
Do you know whether or not Tom is going to swim?
Do you know whether or not Tom likes cream in his coffee?
Do you know whether or not Tom plans to go to Australia next winter?
Do you know whether or not Tom plans to go to Boston next weekend?
Do you know whether or not Tom plans to help us tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not Tom will be at the meeting?
Do you know whether or not Tom will do that?
Do you know whether or not Tom will sing for us tonight?
Do you know whether or not it will rain tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not she can speak English?
Do you know whether she can speak English?
Do you know whether there's a cheap hotel near here?
Do you know whether they've sold the prize Turkey that was hanging up there? Not the little prize Turkey: the big one?
Do you know which European countries don't have access to the sea?
Do you know which barbershop Tom usually goes to?
Do you know which book Tom wants to buy?
Do you know which book sells well now?
Do you know which book she wants to read?
Do you know which constellation Sirius is in?
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
Do you know which hotel Tom is staying at?
Do you know which hotel Tom stayed at?
Do you know which of okra and natto is more gooey?
Do you know which one is the real one?
Do you know which one of those boys is Tom?
Do you know which one of those guys is Tom?
Do you know which philosopher this is?
Do you know which restaurant Tom went to?
Do you know which road leads to my house?
Do you know which room the meeting will be held in?
Do you know which room the meeting will be in?
Do you know which side is left and which side is right?
Do you know which street they live in?
Do you know which suitcase is Tom's?
Do you know which way to take?
Do you know who Alice's new date is?
Do you know who I am?
Do you know who I am? I'm your old buddy from college.
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Do you know who Mary's husband is?
Do you know who Pierre is going to vote for?
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is?
Do you know who Tom and Mary are hiding from?
Do you know who Tom and Mary are?
Do you know who Tom ate lunch with?
Do you know who Tom did that with?
Do you know who Tom gave his old bicycle to?
Do you know who Tom is hiding from?
Do you know who Tom is?
Do you know who Tom killed?
Do you know who Tom plans to do that with?
Do you know who Tom's French teacher is?
Do you know who Tom's assistant is?
Do you know who Tom's father is?
Do you know who Tom's girlfriend is?
Do you know who Tom's grandfather was?
Do you know who Tom's mother is?
Do you know who Tom's roommate is?
Do you know who Tom's wife is?
Do you know who ate my sandwich?
Do you know who bought your painting?
Do you know who broke the window?
Do you know who broke this window?
Do you know who brought that team into being?
Do you know who called us?
Do you know who conquered Mt. Everest first?
Do you know who could do that for us?
Do you know who did it?
Do you know who did that to Tom?
Do you know who did that?
Do you know who did this?
Do you know who directed this movie?
Do you know who does that?
Do you know who drank my coffee?
Do you know who gave Mary that necklace?
Do you know who gave Mary those flowers?
Do you know who gave Tom that?
Do you know who gave that necklace to Mary?
Do you know who gave that to Tom?
Do you know who gave those flowers to Mary?
Do you know who goes there?
Do you know who has the key?
Do you know who he is?
Do you know who he was?
Do you know who helped Tom?
Do you know who her father is?
Do you know who her friend is?
Do you know who her husband is?
Do you know who his father is?
Do you know who invented Mozartkugeln?
Do you know who invented gunpowder?
Do you know who invented pasteurized milk?
Do you know who invented the Ferris wheel?
Do you know who invented the machine?
Do you know who invented the microscope?
Do you know who invented the pasteurized milk?
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
Do you know who invented this machine?
Do you know who is calling me from outside?
Do you know who is looking at that picture?
Do you know who is narrating this documentary?
Do you know who is scheduled to give the next lecture?
Do you know who it is?
Do you know who it might be?
Do you know who it was who phoned earlier?
Do you know who it was?
Do you know who killed Tom?
Do you know who killed her?
Do you know who killed him?
Do you know who killed them?
Do you know who leaked the story to the media?
Do you know who left that box there?
Do you know who left this package on my desk?
Do you know who lives here?
Do you know who lives in that house?
Do you know who made it?
Do you know who made that?
Do you know who made this?
Do you know who married Tom?
Do you know who might have kidnapped her?
Do you know who might've done this?
Do you know who might've kidnapped Tom?
Do you know who owns this land?
Do you know who owns this tie?
Do you know who painted that cross?
Do you know who painted this picture?
Do you know who painted this?
Do you know who phoned earlier?
Do you know who planted these trees?
Do you know who planted this tree?
Do you know who said that?
Do you know who she is?
Do you know who she was?
Do you know who sings that song?
Do you know who stole Tom's laptop?
Do you know who stole my bicycle?
Do you know who that guy is?
Do you know who that is?
Do you know who that man is?
Do you know who that person is?
Do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is?
Do you know who that was?
Do you know who the British Ambassador to Japan is?
Do you know who the English ambassador is in Japan?
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
Do you know who the best dad in the world is?
Do you know who the best player in the league is?
Do you know who the mayor of Boston is?
Do you know who the traitor is?
Do you know who these skis belong to?
Do you know who they are?
Do you know who they arrested?
Do you know who this belongs to?
Do you know who this car belongs to?
Do you know who this car here belongs to?
Do you know who this snowboard belongs to?
Do you know who this tie belongs to?
Do you know who this tie might belong to?
Do you know who those guys are?
Do you know who those people are?
Do you know who took the call?
Do you know who took this picture?
Do you know who used to live here?
Do you know who was supposed to do that?
Do you know who we are, Tom?
Do you know who we are?
Do you know who won the game?
Do you know who won the last Nobel Prize in Literature?
Do you know who won the last game?
Do you know who won the match?
Do you know who won the race?
Do you know who won?
Do you know who wrote it?
Do you know who wrote the book that Tom is reading?
Do you know who wrote this book?
Do you know who wrote this novel?
Do you know who wrote this poem?
Do you know who wrote this song?
Do you know who wrote this?
Do you know who you are talking to?
Do you know who you are?
Do you know who you’re talking to?
Do you know who's been invited?
Do you know who's behind you?
Do you know who's broken the window?
Do you know who's going to be at the party tonight?
Do you know who's going to be here today?
Do you know who's going to be there?
Do you know who's going to do this?
Do you know who's going to help us?
Do you know who's in charge?
Do you know who's on the ballot?
Do you know who's responsible for the accident?
Do you know who's supposed to do that?
Do you know whom I met there?
Do you know whose bicycle this is?
Do you know whose bike this is?
Do you know whose birthday it is today?
Do you know whose book this is?
Do you know whose books these are?
Do you know whose car it is?
Do you know whose car that is?
Do you know whose car this is?
Do you know whose dog attacked Tom?
Do you know whose dog this is?
Do you know whose fault it is?
Do you know whose friend he is?
Do you know whose friend she is?
Do you know whose handwriting it is?
Do you know whose handwriting this is?
Do you know whose hat this is?
Do you know whose is this car here?
Do you know whose it is?
Do you know whose jacket this is?
Do you know whose parents they are?
Do you know whose portrait this is?
Do you know whose shoes these are?
Do you know whose skis these are?
Do you know whose snowboard this is?
Do you know whose sunglasses these are?
Do you know whose they are?
Do you know whose things these are?
Do you know whose this is?
Do you know whose tie this is?
Do you know whose tie this might be?
Do you know whose umbrella this is?
Do you know why Einstein stuck out his tongue?
Do you know why I call you Tom?
Do you know why I came here?
Do you know why I came?
Do you know why I can do that?
Do you know why I did it?
Do you know why I did that?
Do you know why I didn't do that?
Do you know why I fell in love with Tom?
Do you know why I gave it to you?
Do you know why I hate Tom? Because he is everywhere.
Do you know why I have to do that?
Do you know why I need to do that?
Do you know why I pulled you over?
Do you know why I stopped you?
Do you know why I wanted to do that?
Do you know why I was here yesterday?
Do you know why I was in prison?
Do you know why I'm angry all the time?
Do you know why I'm here?
Do you know why I'm sulking? Because you're never here!
Do you know why I'm supposed to do that?
Do you know why I've come to you?
Do you know why I've sent for you?
Do you know why Jayjay loves the Berber language?
Do you know why Mary doesn't want me to sit next to her?
Do you know why Mary killed herself?
Do you know why Tom and I were arguing?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are absent from school?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are absent?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are angry?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are arguing?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are crying?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are fighting?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are in jail?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are late?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are mad?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are studying French?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are unhappy?
Do you know why Tom and Mary aren't here anymore?
Do you know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Do you know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Do you know why Tom and Mary broke up?
Do you know why Tom and Mary decided not to get married?
Do you know why Tom and Mary didn't go to the dance together?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't come here anymore?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't like me?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't want me to sit next to them?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with us?
Do you know why Tom and Mary got divorced?
Do you know why Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do you know why Tom and Mary killed themselves?
Do you know why Tom and Mary need to do that?
Do you know why Tom and Mary want to do that?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were angry?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were arguing?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were arrested?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were crying?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were fighting?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were hiding?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were late?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were mad?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't at the meeting this afternoon?
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday?
Do you know why Tom bought this?
Do you know why Tom came here today?
Do you know why Tom committed suicide?
Do you know why Tom couldn't come?
Do you know why Tom decided to do that?
Do you know why Tom did it?
Do you know why Tom did that?
Do you know why Tom did what he did?
Do you know why Tom didn't attend the meeting this afternoon?
Do you know why Tom didn't come today?
Do you know why Tom didn't do that yesterday?
Do you know why Tom didn't do that?
Do you know why Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do?
Do you know why Tom didn't eat lunch?
Do you know why Tom didn't eat the sandwich Mary made for him?
Do you know why Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary?
Do you know why Tom didn't have to do that?
Do you know why Tom didn't invite Mary to his party?
Do you know why Tom didn't invite Mary?
Do you know why Tom didn't want to do that?
Do you know why Tom didn't win?
Do you know why Tom doesn't come here anymore?
Do you know why Tom doesn't drink?
Do you know why Tom doesn't eat meat?
Do you know why Tom doesn't have many friends?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like doing that?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like me?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like you?
Do you know why Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore?
Do you know why Tom doesn't trust Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't trust you?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to him?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to come to Boston with us?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to do that?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Do you know why Tom dumped you?
Do you know why Tom gave Mary that?
Do you know why Tom gave that to Mary?
Do you know why Tom gave up?
Do you know why Tom got fired?
Do you know why Tom had to do that?
Do you know why Tom has been absent from school?
Do you know why Tom has hung a flag out of his window today?
Do you know why Tom has to do that?
Do you know why Tom is absent from school?
Do you know why Tom is absent?
Do you know why Tom is crying?
Do you know why Tom is doing that?
Do you know why Tom is in jail?
Do you know why Tom is jealous of me?
Do you know why Tom is late?
Do you know why Tom is laughing?
Do you know why Tom is limping?
Do you know why Tom is mad?
Do you know why Tom is planning to do that?
Do you know why Tom is so angry?
Do you know why Tom is so mad at Mary?
Do you know why Tom is staring at us?
Do you know why Tom is studying French?
Do you know why Tom is unhappy?
Do you know why Tom isn't here today?
Do you know why Tom isn't here?
Do you know why Tom kept doing that?
Do you know why Tom killed himself?
Do you know why Tom left Australia?
Do you know why Tom left Boston?
Do you know why Tom left early?
Do you know why Tom left?
Do you know why Tom lied?
Do you know why Tom likes it here?
Do you know why Tom lost his license?
Do you know why Tom needed to do that?
Do you know why Tom needs to do that?
Do you know why Tom never comes here anymore?
Do you know why Tom postponed his trip?
Do you know why Tom resigned?
Do you know why Tom skipped class today?
Do you know why Tom skipped classes today?
Do you know why Tom stayed in Boston?
Do you know why Tom wanted to do that?
Do you know why Tom wants to do that?
Do you know why Tom wants to go to Boston?
Do you know why Tom was arrested?
Do you know why Tom was crying?
Do you know why Tom was hiding?
Do you know why Tom was in prison?
Do you know why Tom was late?
Do you know why Tom was looking for me?
Do you know why Tom was mad?
Do you know why Tom was planning to do that?
Do you know why Tom was so angry?
Do you know why Tom was unhappy?
Do you know why Tom wasn't at Mary's party?
Do you know why Tom wasn't at school today?
Do you know why Tom wasn't at the meeting this afternoon?
Do you know why Tom wasn't here yesterday?
Do you know why Tom wasn't there yesterday?
Do you know why Tom went to Australia?
Do you know why Tom went to Boston?
Do you know why Tom wouldn't do that?
Do you know why Tom wouldn't go to Boston with me?
Do you know why Tom's wife left him?
Do you know why buttered bread always lands butter side down? Because you cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
Do you know why cacti have needles?
Do you know why cacti have spines?
Do you know why cactuses have needles?
Do you know why he couldn't come?
Do you know why he has been absent from school?
Do you know why he put off his departure?
Do you know why he skipped class today?
Do you know why he wasn't at school?
Do you know why he's not at school?
Do you know why it is so strange?
Do you know why it's happening?
Do you know why no one likes Tom?
Do you know why no one trusts Tom?
Do you know why she couldn't come?
Do you know why she couldn’t come?
Do you know why she's jealous of me?
Do you know why she's so angry?
Do you know why she’s so angry?
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
Do you know why that doesn't happen?
Do you know why that happened?
Do you know why that happens?
Do you know why the sky is blue?
Do you know why they fired you?
Do you know why they stopped talking?
Do you know why this date is important?
Do you know why this happened?
Do you know why this is happening?
Do you know why today's meeting was canceled?
Do you know why we have to do that?
Do you know why we have to do this?
Do you know why we need to do that?
Do you know why you're here?
Do you know why?
Do you know yet who's in the team?
Do you know your ancestry?
Do you know your blood type?
Do you know your carbon footprint?
Do you know your child's father's blood type?
Do you know your duties?
Do you know your father?
Do you know your first cousins?
Do you know your forefather?
Do you know your genealogy?
Do you know your height and weight?
Do you know your history?
Do you know your license plate number?
Do you know your name?
Do you know your neighbor?
Do you know your neighbors in the apartment building?
Do you know your neighbors?
Do you know your number plate?
Do you know your rights?
Do you know your size?
Do you know your spaceship is parked illegally in orbit around Saturn?
Do you know your strengths and weaknesses?
Do you know your way home from here?
Do you know yourselves?
Do you know, by chance, her name?
Do you know, by chance, his name?
Do you know, girl, that you're the first secretary I've ever had who stood up to me?
Do you know, girl, that you’re the first secretary I’ve ever had who stood up to me?
Do you know, how high is the television tower?
Do you know?
Do you ladies need some help?
Do you lads play in the same team?
Do you laugh every day?
Do you learn English?
Do you learn from your experiences?
Do you learn new things quickly?
Do you learn things quickly?
Do you learn?
Do you lend your credit card to your wife?
Do you let Tom tell you what to do?
Do you let your children drink coffee?
Do you let your children eat ice cream?
Do you let your children play in the street?
Do you let your dog run free or do you walk him on a lead?
Do you lie, too?
Do you lift weights?
Do you lift?
Do you like Africans?
Do you like Algeria?
Do you like Algerian food?
Do you like Arabic coffee?
Do you like Asians?
Do you like Australia?
Do you like Berber music?
Do you like Boston?
Do you like Brazil?
Do you like Bryan Adams?
Do you like Bulgarian circuses?
Do you like Canadian bacon?
Do you like Celtic music?
Do you like China?
Do you like Chinese cuisine?
Do you like Chinese food?
Do you like Earl Grey tea?
Do you like Elizabethan poetry?
Do you like English?
Do you like Europeans?
Do you like France?
Do you like Francis?
Do you like French cuisine?
Do you like French literature?
Do you like French opera?
Do you like French wine?
Do you like French wines?
Do you like French?
Do you like German beers?
Do you like Germany?
Do you like Hawaiian pizza?
Do you like Hindu movies?
Do you like IKEA furniture?
Do you like Indian food?
Do you like Indonesian cuisine?
Do you like Indonesian food?
Do you like Italian cuisine?
Do you like Italian food?
Do you like Italian music?
Do you like Italian?
Do you like Japan?
Do you like Japanese cuisine?
Do you like Japanese dishes?
Do you like Japanese food?
Do you like Japanese or English?
Do you like Jill's new hairdo?
Do you like Jill's new hairstyle?
Do you like Joseph for a name?
Do you like Kabyle dresses?
Do you like Kabylie?
Do you like Kazan?
Do you like King Crimson?
Do you like Korean food?
Do you like Latinos?
Do you like London?
Do you like Mary's blouse?
Do you like Mary's new Halloween costume?
Do you like Mexican beer?
Do you like Mexican food?
Do you like Minecraft?
Do you like Moscow?
Do you like Mozart's music?
Do you like Mozart?
Do you like Mozartkugeln?
Do you like Mozart’s music?
Do you like New York?
Do you like North Americans?
Do you like Oreo cookies?
Do you like Parmesan cheese on spaghetti?
Do you like Renaissance art?
Do you like Russian cuisine?
Do you like Russian food?
Do you like SF movies?
Do you like San Fran?
Do you like San Francisco?
Do you like Schweppes?
Do you like Seinfeld?
Do you like South Americans?
Do you like Spain?
Do you like Spanish cuisine?
Do you like Spring or Autumn more?
Do you like Tatoeba?
Do you like Tbilisi?
Do you like Tom a lot?
Do you like Tom for a name?
Do you like Tom or John?
Do you like Tom too?
Do you like Tom's design?
Do you like Tom's new Halloween costume?
Do you like Tom's tattoo?
Do you like Tom's tattoos?
Do you like Tom?
Do you like Turkish cuisine?
Do you like Turkish food?
Do you like Wagner?
Do you like a cool summer?
Do you like abstract art?
Do you like absurd humor?
Do you like action movies?
Do you like adventure stories?
Do you like ale?
Do you like almonds?
Do you like anchovies?
Do you like ancient history?
Do you like animals?
Do you like any of the candidates?
Do you like any of these pictures?
Do you like any of these?
Do you like any of those?
Do you like apple brandy?
Do you like apple butter?
Do you like apple pies?
Do you like apples or bananas more?
Do you like apples or oranges?
Do you like apples?
Do you like applesauce?
Do you like archaeology?
Do you like archery?
Do you like arroz con costra?
Do you like art?
Do you like arts and crafts?
Do you like autumn?
Do you like back bacon?
Do you like baking cakes?
Do you like ballet?
Do you like bananas?
Do you like banjos?
Do you like baseball, Bin?
Do you like baseball?
Do you like basketball?
Do you like bean soup?
Do you like bears?
Do you like beef?
Do you like beer?
Do you like being Tom's assistant?
Do you like being alone?
Do you like being famous?
Do you like being interviewed?
Do you like being pampered?
Do you like being single?
Do you like being with me?
Do you like big cities?
Do you like big dogs or small dogs?
Do you like bird watching?
Do you like black cats?
Do you like black cock?
Do you like blue cheese?
Do you like blue or yellow?
Do you like blueberries?
Do you like books written by Franz Kafka?
Do you like books?
Do you like bowling?
Do you like boys?
Do you like broccoli?
Do you like browsing the web?
Do you like bucatini pasta?
Do you like bugs?
Do you like cake?
Do you like camomile tea?
Do you like camping?
Do you like candy?
Do you like caramel-flavored ice cream?
Do you like carbonated water?
Do you like carnations?
Do you like carrots?
Do you like cartoons?
Do you like cashews?
Do you like cats or dogs better?
Do you like cats, too?
Do you like cats?
Do you like cavatappi pasta?
Do you like caviar?
Do you like chamomile tea?
Do you like cheese?
Do you like cheeseburgers?
Do you like chess?
Do you like chicken?
Do you like children?
Do you like chocolate cake?
Do you like chocolate chip cookies?
Do you like chocolate ice cream?
Do you like chocolate icing?
Do you like chocolate milk?
Do you like chocolate pudding with whipped cream?
Do you like chocolate pudding?
Do you like chocolate?
Do you like cigarettes?
Do you like cities?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like classmates in class?
Do you like cleaning?
Do you like coconut scented candles, kitten?
Do you like coconut water?
Do you like coffee or tea?
Do you like coffee?
Do you like collecting seashells at the beach?
Do you like comic books?
Do you like computer games?
Do you like cooking programs?
Do you like cooking?
Do you like copyrights as much as I do?
Do you like costumes?
Do you like cotton candy?
Do you like couscous, and traditional doughnuts and pancakes?
Do you like couscous?
Do you like craft beer?
Do you like cranberry juice?
Do you like croque-monsieurs?
Do you like crossword puzzles?
Do you like cupcakes?
Do you like curry?
Do you like cycling?
Do you like dancing to Kabyle music?
Do you like dancing?
Do you like dark chocolate?
Do you like dates?
Do you like democracy or oligarchy?
Do you like dinosaurs?
Do you like ditalini pasta?
Do you like ditaloni pasta?
Do you like documentaries?
Do you like dogs?
Do you like doing crossword puzzles?
Do you like doing homework?
Do you like doing interviews?
Do you like doing that?
Do you like doing this?
Do you like doing what you're doing?
Do you like drawing?
Do you like dried sausage?
Do you like drinking beer?
Do you like drinking through a straw?
Do you like driving?
Do you like dumplings?
Do you like eating Kabyle food?
Do you like eating at fast food restaurants?
Do you like eating fish?
Do you like eating out?
Do you like eating pizza?
Do you like eating vegetarian pizza?
Do you like eclairs?
Do you like egg rolls?
Do you like exploring me?
Do you like facial hair on men?
Do you like falling asleep to the sound of rain?
Do you like farfalle pasta?
Do you like farfalle tonde pasta?
Do you like fig jam?
Do you like fighting mobs in Minecraft?
Do you like figs?
Do you like figure skating?
Do you like figure-skating?
Do you like films?
Do you like fish curry?
Do you like fish?
Do you like fishes?
Do you like fishing?
Do you like fishing? Maybe we could get together sometime.
Do you like flying?
Do you like folk dancing?
Do you like folk music?
Do you like football?
Do you like fried chicken?
Do you like fried tuna sandwiches with onion?
Do you like frozen yoghurt?
Do you like frozen yogurt?
Do you like fruit salad?
Do you like fusilli pasta?
Do you like game shows?
Do you like gardening?
Do you like garlic bread?
Do you like garlic?
Do you like geraniums?
Do you like ghost stories, Mike?
Do you like ghost stories?
Do you like ginger ale?
Do you like ginger?
Do you like giving advice?
Do you like giving gifts?
Do you like giving haircuts?
Do you like giving interviews?
Do you like going by tram?
Do you like going on first dates or do they make you anxious?
Do you like going to art museums?
Do you like going to baseball games?
Do you like going to concerts?
Do you like going to fairs?
Do you like going to festivals?
Do you like going to flea markets?
Do you like going to museums?
Do you like going to nightclubs?
Do you like going to parks?
Do you like going to parties?
Do you like going to restaurants?
Do you like going to school?
Do you like going to the beach?
Do you like going to the cinema?
Do you like going to the library?
Do you like going to the movies?
Do you like going to the theater?
Do you like going to the theatre?
Do you like going to weddings?
Do you like going to work?
Do you like going to zoos?
Do you like golf?
Do you like grapefruit juice?
Do you like grapes?
Do you like green beans?
Do you like green tea or black tea?
Do you like grits?
Do you like group games?
Do you like guitars?
Do you like gum?
Do you like gummy bears?
Do you like haggling?
Do you like hairy or hairless men?
Do you like hanging out with Tom?
Do you like hats?
Do you like having big boobs?
Do you like having fun in Minecraft?
Do you like helping strangers?
Do you like her songs?
Do you like her?
Do you like hiking?
Do you like him, or do you like-like him?
Do you like him?
Do you like his flattery?
Do you like his songs?
Do you like historical novels?
Do you like honey?
Do you like horror films?
Do you like horror movies?
Do you like horseback riding?
Do you like horses?
Do you like hot chocolate?
Do you like hot dogs?
Do you like hot, spicy food?
Do you like hotdogs?
Do you like how I walk?
Do you like how the soup tastes?
Do you like ice cream? Would you like an ice cream?
Do you like insects?
Do you like it all?
Do you like it as much as I do?
Do you like it here in Australia?
Do you like it here in Berlin?
Do you like it here in Boston?
Do you like it here, too?
Do you like it here?
Do you like it hot or cold?
Do you like it in Australia?
Do you like it in Boston?
Do you like it or not?
Do you like it then?
Do you like it when I do this?
Do you like it when I focus on my own pleasure?
Do you like it with mayonnaise?
Do you like it?
Do you like it? I like it.
Do you like jam?
Do you like jazz?
Do you like juice?
Do you like jumping rope?
Do you like kids?
Do you like kombucha?
Do you like lamb meat?
Do you like lasagna?
Do you like learning English?
Do you like lesbians?
Do you like linguine pasta?
Do you like listening to baseball games on the radio?
Do you like listening to baseball on the radio?
Do you like listening to classical music?
Do you like listening to jazz?
Do you like listening to music or singing songs?
Do you like listening to music?
Do you like listening to the radio, too?
Do you like listening to the radio?
Do you like literature?
Do you like liver?
Do you like living here?
Do you like living in Australia?
Do you like living in Boston?
Do you like living in Rome?
Do you like living in this country?
Do you like living like this?
Do you like living with your parents?
Do you like lollipops?
Do you like looking at yourself in the mirror?
Do you like looking in the mirror?
Do you like mangoes?
Do you like mashed potato?
Do you like mashed potatoes?
Do you like math?
Do you like me or not?
Do you like me, too?
Do you like me?
Do you like memes?
Do you like milk?
Do you like mine?
Do you like modern music?
Do you like movies?
Do you like music from the 70's?
Do you like music?
Do you like mussels?
Do you like my Kabyle dress?
Do you like my T-shirt?
Do you like my ass?
Do you like my beard?
Do you like my car?
Do you like my clothes?
Do you like my dress? It's a Kabyle dress.
Do you like my floating house?
Do you like my friend?
Do you like my hair?
Do you like my hat?
Do you like my island?
Do you like my kisses?
Do you like my language?
Do you like my motorcycle?
Do you like my new Halloween costume?
Do you like my new boots?
Do you like my new clothes?
Do you like my new haircut?
Do you like my new hat?
Do you like my new shirt?
Do you like my new shoes?
Do you like my new straw hat?
Do you like my new suit?
Do you like my new trousers?
Do you like my phone?
Do you like my pickup truck?
Do you like my pipe?
Do you like my plates?
Do you like my ring?
Do you like my ringtone?
Do you like my shoes?
Do you like my silly hat?
Do you like my tie?
Do you like mystery novels?
Do you like natural hot springs?
Do you like noodles with beef?
Do you like noodles?
Do you like numerology?
Do you like okra?
Do you like old movies?
Do you like olive oil?
Do you like olives?
Do you like only the boys?
Do you like opera?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
Do you like orange juice?
Do you like oranges?
Do you like orchids?
Do you like origami?
Do you like orzo pasta?
Do you like our furniture?
Do you like our wedding cake?
Do you like oysters?
Do you like painting pictures?
Do you like painting with a palette of emotions?
Do you like painting?
Do you like parsley?
Do you like pasta?
Do you like pea soup?
Do you like peanut butter?
Do you like pears?
Do you like peas?
Do you like penne pasta?
Do you like pepper?
Do you like pepperoni pizza?
Do you like picking on the weak?
Do you like pineapple drinks?
Do you like pineapple pizza?
Do you like pineapple soda?
Do you like pineapples?
Do you like pirate movies?
Do you like pizza or pasta?
Do you like pizza?
Do you like pizza? Here, have a slice.
Do you like placing blocks in Minecraft?
Do you like playing baseball?
Do you like playing basketball?
Do you like playing cards?
Do you like playing computer games?
Do you like playing football?
Do you like playing in the dirt?
Do you like playing soccer?
Do you like playing sports?
Do you like playing the piano?
Do you like playing video games?
Do you like playing volleyball?
Do you like playing with kids?
Do you like plum cake?
Do you like poetry?
Do you like pomegranate?
Do you like popcorn?
Do you like pork loin?
Do you like pork?
Do you like porn websites?
Do you like potatoes?
Do you like powder-snow skiing?
Do you like pretzels?
Do you like punk rock?
Do you like putting me to sleep?
Do you like puzzles?
Do you like quality?
Do you like quiche?
Do you like quinoa?
Do you like rabbit meat?
Do you like rabbit?
Do you like rabbits?
Do you like rain?
Do you like ranch dressing?
Do you like rap?
Do you like ravioli?
Do you like reading books?
Do you like reading?
Do you like red licorice?
Do you like red liquorice?
Do you like red wine?
Do you like rice?
Do you like riddles?
Do you like riding a bicycle?
Do you like ripe apricots?
Do you like robotics?
Do you like robots?
Do you like rock and roll?
Do you like role play when you have sex?
Do you like roller coasters?
Do you like romantic comedies?
Do you like romantic films?
Do you like romantic movies?
Do you like root beer?
Do you like roses?
Do you like rugby?
Do you like running?
Do you like salmon?
Do you like saltwater taffy?
Do you like school?
Do you like sci-fi movies?
Do you like science fiction movies?
Do you like science-fiction movies?
Do you like seafood?
Do you like sentences about Tom?
Do you like set honey?
Do you like sharing your data?
Do you like shopping for clothes?
Do you like shopping for new clothes?
Do you like shopping for shoes?
Do you like shopping?
Do you like shrimp cocktail?
Do you like shrimp?
Do you like shrimps?
Do you like silent movies?
Do you like singing in the rain?
Do you like singing in the shower?
Do you like singing?
Do you like skateboarding?
Do you like skating?
Do you like small dogs or big dogs?
Do you like small dogs or large dogs?
Do you like small sausages?
Do you like small talk?
Do you like smoked oysters?
Do you like snails?
Do you like snow?
Do you like soccer?
Do you like soft drinks, you diabetic piece of shit?
Do you like solitude?
Do you like solving puzzles?
Do you like songs?
Do you like spaghetti?
Do you like speaking Dakota?
Do you like speaking French?
Do you like spending time with children?
Do you like spicy food?
Do you like spinach?
Do you like sport?
Do you like sports?
Do you like spring or autumn more?
Do you like spring or autumn?
Do you like spring rolls?
Do you like spruce beer?
Do you like squash soup?
Do you like stelline pasta?
Do you like strained yogurt?
Do you like strawberries?
Do you like strawberry jam?
Do you like strawberry wine?
Do you like studying French?
Do you like studying?
Do you like suits?
Do you like summer better than winter?
Do you like summer weather?
Do you like summer?
Do you like surfing?
Do you like surprises?
Do you like sushi?
Do you like sweet rice with mangoes?
Do you like sweet tea?
Do you like swimming in the ocean?
Do you like swimming?
Do you like taking part in this dangerous experiment?
Do you like talking?
Do you like tea or coffee?
Do you like tea with milk or lemon?
Do you like tea?
Do you like teaching French?
Do you like teaching children?
Do you like teaching?
Do you like television?
Do you like tennis?
Do you like that band's music?
Do you like that band?
Do you like that blouse?
Do you like that country?
Do you like that name?
Do you like that person?
Do you like that series?
Do you like that shirt?
Do you like that sofa?
Do you like that song?
Do you like that?
Do you like the Bulgarian circus?
Do you like the Gaulish language?
Do you like the Impressionists?
Do you like the apartment?
Do you like the apple pie?
Do you like the city?
Do you like the color of Mary's dress?
Do you like the color of your room?
Do you like the colors?
Do you like the colours?
Do you like the corsage?
Do you like the country you live in?
Do you like the country?
Do you like the flat?
Do you like the food here?
Do you like the frame on this painting?
Do you like the gift?
Do you like the green glasses that I bought yesterday?
Do you like the idea?
Do you like the insects?
Do you like the jacket Tom is wearing?
Do you like the jacket that Tom is wearing?
Do you like the jacket?
Do you like the macaroni and cheese?
Do you like the mountain?
Do you like the movie?
Do you like the movies?
Do you like the music that we're listening to?
Do you like the new school better?
Do you like the opera?
Do you like the people leading the country?
Do you like the piano?
Do you like the place where you live?
Do you like the plan?
Do you like the poem I wrote for you?
Do you like the rod?
Do you like the same kind of music as your parents do?
Do you like the same kind of music that Tom does?
Do you like the same things I do?
Do you like the same things that Tom and Mary do?
Do you like the same things that Tom does?
Do you like the show?
Do you like the smell of a new car's interior?
Do you like the smell of this perfume?
Do you like the song Stayin' Alive?
Do you like the soup?
Do you like the sport?
Do you like the sweater enough to buy it?
Do you like the taste of beer?
Do you like the taste of lemons?
Do you like the taste of the soup?
Do you like the taste of truffle?
Do you like the theater?
Do you like the trousers I've just bought?
Do you like the view from your apartment?
Do you like the way Tom and Mary do that?
Do you like the way Tom does that?
Do you like the way Tom sings?
Do you like the way the furniture is arranged?
Do you like the way you look?
Do you like the white wine?
Do you like the work environment here?
Do you like the yellow colour?
Do you like their songs?
Do you like them?
Do you like these colors?
Do you like these colours?
Do you like these earrings?
Do you like these songs?
Do you like these trousers?
Do you like these?
Do you like this backpack?
Do you like this band's music?
Do you like this band?
Do you like this blouse?
Do you like this book?
Do you like this car?
Do you like this car? Get in quick! I'll drive you home.
Do you like this carpet?
Do you like this city?
Do you like this class?
Do you like this color?
Do you like this colour?
Do you like this country?
Do you like this design?
Do you like this drawing?
Do you like this dress I’m wearing? I got it for a song.
Do you like this flower?
Do you like this food?
Do you like this garden?
Do you like this girl?
Do you like this house?
Do you like this job?
Do you like this jumper?
Do you like this kind of music?
Do you like this leather jacket?
Do you like this music?
Do you like this one?
Do you like this painting?
Do you like this pattern?
Do you like this perfume?
Do you like this place?
Do you like this poem?
Do you like this present, Tom?
Do you like this puppy?
Do you like this purse?
Do you like this ringtone?
Do you like this sample?
Do you like this series?
Do you like this show?
Do you like this song?
Do you like this sort of book?
Do you like this sweater?
Do you like this tie?
Do you like this type of book?
Do you like this wallet?
Do you like this wallpaper?
Do you like this weather?
Do you like this?
Do you like thistle?
Do you like thunderstorms?
Do you like to be alone?
Do you like to be kept waiting?
Do you like to be outside when it's snowing?
Do you like to cook Japanese food?
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
Do you like to cook?
Do you like to dance?
Do you like to dishonor me?
Do you like to do homework?
Do you like to do that?
Do you like to do this?
Do you like to draw?
Do you like to dress up for parties?
Do you like to drink beer?
Do you like to drink wine?
Do you like to drive fast cars?
Do you like to drive?
Do you like to eat cheese?
Do you like to eat fruit?
Do you like to eat supper?
Do you like to exercise alone or with a class?
Do you like to exercise?
Do you like to fish?
Do you like to gamble?
Do you like to get up early in the morning?
Do you like to get up early?
Do you like to give gifts?
Do you like to give interviews?
Do you like to go shopping with your mother?
Do you like to go to a concert?
Do you like to go to bookstores?
Do you like to go to the movie theater?
Do you like to going to the cinema or do you prefer watching television at home?
Do you like to gossip?
Do you like to have sex in the car?
Do you like to kiss when you're intimate?
Do you like to listen to classical music?
Do you like to listen to jazz?
Do you like to listen to rock music?
Do you like to listen to the radio?
Do you like to live in the country?
Do you like to look at her picture?
Do you like to look at yourself in the mirror?
Do you like to make blueberry muffins?
Do you like to paint pictures?
Do you like to party?
Do you like to play badminton?
Do you like to play cards?
Do you like to play computer games?
Do you like to play games?
Do you like to play golf?
Do you like to play the piano?
Do you like to play video games?
Do you like to play?
Do you like to practice sports?
Do you like to put a marshmallow in your cocoa?
Do you like to read Tatoeba?
Do you like to read?
Do you like to ride your bike in the rain?
Do you like to run?
Do you like to see animals at the zoo?
Do you like to send it by air mail or by surface mail?
Do you like to share kisses while being intimate?
Do you like to sing in the shower?
Do you like to sing?
Do you like to sit at the head of the table?
Do you like to ski?
Do you like to sleep in late?
Do you like to sleep to the sound of the rain?
Do you like to solve crossword puzzles?
Do you like to solve crosswords?
Do you like to solve puzzles?
Do you like to spend time with your family?
Do you like to stay alone?
Do you like to study French?
Do you like to study?
Do you like to swim?
Do you like to teach?
Do you like to travel by yourself?
Do you like to travel or do you prefer to stay at home?
Do you like to travel?
Do you like to travel? Me too.
Do you like to walk in the park?
Do you like to watch TV with your friends?
Do you like to watch TV?
Do you like to watch basketball on TV?
Do you like to watch matches on TV?
Do you like to watch movies?
Do you like to watch sports on television?
Do you like to wear hats?
Do you like to wear jeans?
Do you like to wear jewelry?
Do you like to wear nail polish?
Do you like to write?
Do you like tofu?
Do you like tomatoes?
Do you like tortellini?
Do you like trains?
Do you like translating?
Do you like traveling?
Do you like travelling?
Do you like trips?
Do you like us?
Do you like using the Internet?
Do you like vegetarian pizza?
Do you like venison?
Do you like visiting museums?
Do you like visiting porn websites?
Do you like visiting the zoo?
Do you like waffles?
Do you like walking here?
Do you like walking in the forest?
Do you like walking through the woods?
Do you like walking?
Do you like watching TV series?
Do you like watching TV?
Do you like watching baseball?
Do you like watching movies?
Do you like watching people playing baseball?
Do you like watching porn movies?
Do you like watching sports?
Do you like watching that type of film?
Do you like wearing caps?
Do you like wearing hats?
Do you like what Tom gave you?
Do you like what Tom proposed?
Do you like what you are reading?
Do you like what you do?
Do you like what you see?
Do you like what you've become?
Do you like white chocolate?
Do you like white miso more than red miso? Then, have you tried combined miso?
Do you like white wine?
Do you like wine?
Do you like winter?
Do you like women with large or small breasts?
Do you like women?
Do you like wonton soup?
Do you like working here?
Do you like working in Australia?
Do you like working with Tom?
Do you like writing?
Do you like yoga?
Do you like yoghurt?
Do you like yogurt?
Do you like your boss?
Do you like your brother?
Do you like your car?
Do you like your career?
Do you like your classes?
Do you like your classmates?
Do you like your coffee strong?
Do you like your coworkers?
Do you like your hot chocolate?
Do you like your hot dog?
Do you like your job?
Do you like your keyboard?
Do you like your mother language?
Do you like your name?
Do you like your new apartment?
Do you like your new computer?
Do you like your new house?
Do you like your new job?
Do you like your new neighbors?
Do you like your part-time job?
Do you like your school?
Do you like your sister?
Do you like your soup?
Do you like your steak rare?
Do you like your teachers?
Do you like your work?
Do you like zippers or buttons?
Do you like zombie movies?
Do you like zucchini?
Do you listen to Internet radio?
Do you listen to Kabyle music?
Do you listen to audiobooks often?
Do you listen to classical?
Do you listen to electronic music?
Do you listen to her?
Do you listen to music when you are driving?
Do you listen to music while driving?
Do you listen to music while you drive?
Do you listen to music while you work?
Do you listen to music while you're studying?
Do you listen to podcasts?
Do you listen to rock music?
Do you listen to sports on the radio?
Do you listen to the news?
Do you listen to the radio at all?
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
Do you listen to the radio every day?
Do you listen to the silence between words?
Do you listen to this show frequently?
Do you live a healthy lifestyle?
Do you live across the street?
Do you live alone?
Do you live around here?
Do you live by yourself?
Do you live close to here?
Do you live far from here?
Do you live far from where you work?
Do you live far from your parents?
Do you live far off?
Do you live here alone?
Do you live here in Algeria?
Do you live here in Luxembourg?
Do you live here, Tom?
Do you live here?
Do you live in Algeria?
Do you live in Algiers?
Do you live in America?
Do you live in Athens?
Do you live in Australia, too?
Do you live in Australia?
Do you live in Baghdad?
Do you live in Boston, too?
Do you live in Boston?
Do you live in Djibouti, Sami?
Do you live in Germany, Tiziri?
Do you live in Germany, Yidir?
Do you live in Germany?
Do you live in Hokkaido?
Do you live in India or Indonesia?
Do you live in Lebanon?
Do you live in Morocco, Tiziri?
Do you live in Morocco, Yidir?
Do you live in New York?
Do you live in Norway, Tiziri?
Do you live in Norway, Yidir?
Do you live in Portugal or Brazil?
Do you live in Portugal or in Brazil?
Do you live in Russia?
Do you live in Salamanca?
Do you live in Sasayama?
Do you live in Tokyo?
Do you live in Turkey?
Do you live in a big city?
Do you live in a city?
Do you live in a house or an apartment?
Do you live in a large house?
Do you live in a town or in the country?
Do you live in a town or out in the country?
Do you live in the United States, Tiziri?
Do you live in the United States, Yidir?
Do you live in the area?
Do you live in the big city?
Do you live in the city?
Do you live in the desert?
Do you live in this area?
Do you live in this building?
Do you live in this dorm?
Do you live in this neighborhood?
Do you live in this neighbourhood?
Do you live in this part of town?
Do you live inside a tent?
Do you live near Tom?
Do you live near a park?
Do you live near here?
Do you live near the ocean?
Do you live nearby?
Do you live on benefits?
Do you live on the first or second floor?
Do you live on the other side?
Do you live on the west coast?
Do you live on this street, too?
Do you live round here?
Do you live there?
Do you live to eat or do you eat to live?
Do you live to eat or eat to live?
Do you live under a rock?
Do you live well in Paris?
Do you live with Tom?
Do you live with anyone?
Do you live with me?
Do you live with someone?
Do you live with your daughter?
Do you live with your family?
Do you live with your parents?
Do you live with your son?
Do you live with your wife?
Do you look at me?
Do you look forward to first dates or do they create pressure for you?
Do you look up to your parents?
Do you look your age?
Do you love God?
Do you love Maine?
Do you love Mary?
Do you love Tatoeba more than you love me?
Do you love Tatoeba?
Do you love Tom and me?
Do you love Tom?
Do you love being insulted?
Do you love each other deeply?
Do you love each other that much?
Do you love each other to that extent?
Do you love each other very much?
Do you love each other?
Do you love her or me?
Do you love her too?
Do you love her?
Do you love him like a brother or do you love-love him?
Do you love him or me?
Do you love him too?
Do you love him, your Jack, or am I not allowed to ask?
Do you love him?
Do you love it?
Do you love learning French?
Do you love life? Then don't waste time! Because that's the stuff life is made of.
Do you love living here?
Do you love me at all?
Do you love me just because I am a foreigner?
Do you love me just because I have black hair?
Do you love me just because I resemble Connie Nielsen?
Do you love me just because I'm a Chinese girl?
Do you love me just because I'm black?
Do you love me just when I'm absent?
Do you love me or not?
Do you love me unconditionally?
Do you love me very much?
Do you love me, Tom?
Do you love me, honey?
Do you love me, or don't you?
Do you love me, too?
Do you love me?
Do you love me? Do you really love me?
Do you love music?
Do you love my brother more than me?
Do you love my eyes more than you love me?
Do you love my mother?
Do you love my name more than you love me?
Do you love my sister?
Do you love nature?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
Do you love sport?
Do you love sports?
Do you love stoats as much as I love them?
Do you love that man there?
Do you love that song?
Do you love the sea?
Do you love this country?
Do you love this song?
Do you love walking outside?
Do you love your children?
Do you love your city?
Do you love your country?
Do you love your daughter?
Do you love your dear little dog?
Do you love your family?
Do you love your father?
Do you love your husband?
Do you love your mother?
Do you love your parents?
Do you love your sister?
Do you love your son?
Do you love your wife?
Do you love yourself?
Do you make friends with these boys?
Do you make house calls?
Do you make photocopies? I need ten of them.
Do you make time for creativity?
Do you make use of Kabyle proverbs?
Do you make your bed every day?
Do you make your bed every morning?
Do you make your own clothes?
Do you manage to get out on your bicycle every weekend?
Do you masturbate often?
Do you maybe not find me pretty enough?
Do you mean "cereal" or "serial"?
Do you mean "sexy" hot or "burning" hot?
Do you mean I can stop doing this now?
Do you mean I can't speak French?
Do you mean I was right?
Do you mean Tom and Mary are rich?
Do you mean Tom is lying?
Do you mean Tom is rich?
Do you mean a total nuclear war?
Do you mean all of them do that?
Do you mean all this was for nothing?
Do you mean it?
Do you mean me?
Do you mean nobody knows we're here?
Do you mean that I can't speak French?
Do you mean that I was right?
Do you mean that Tom has never told you that he loved you?
Do you mean that Tom was the one who did that?
Do you mean that all of them do that?
Do you mean that doesn't scare you?
Do you mean that seriously?
Do you mean that you can't speak French?
Do you mean that you didn't actually see Tom?
Do you mean that you didn't do that?
Do you mean that you didn't know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
Do you mean that you didn't see Tom win?
Do you mean that you don't like beer?
Do you mean that you don't want me to come?
Do you mean that you don't want to be an editor?
Do you mean that you have already decided on this plan?
Do you mean that you still haven't done that?
Do you mean that you want me to leave?
Do you mean that you've never seen a panda?
Do you mean that you've never studied French?
Do you mean that?
Do you mean the city in Massachusetts or the one in England?
Do you mean the fake virus of Bill Gates and Anthony Fauci?
Do you mean the planet or the god?
Do you mean the planet or the goddess?
Do you mean the sender or the recipient of the letter?
Do you mean there's someone else?
Do you mean thirty or thirteen?
Do you mean this one?
Do you mean to annoy me again with some childishness, you little villain?
Do you mean to charge me with the crime?
Do you mean to do without an overcoat?
Do you mean to go?
Do you mean to say that the very same person is in all these photographs?
Do you mean to say that you don't know?
Do you mean to see Tom before you go?
Do you mean to tell me you can't find one?
Do you mean us?
Do you mean what you say?
Do you mean you can't speak French?
Do you mean you couldn't do it?
Do you mean you didn't actually do that?
Do you mean you didn't actually see Tom do that?
Do you mean you didn't do that with Tom?
Do you mean you didn't do that?
Do you mean you didn't go swimming with Tom?
Do you mean you didn't know Tom and Mary had gotten married?
Do you mean you didn't know Tom had gotten married?
Do you mean you didn't know?
Do you mean you didn't really do that?
Do you mean you didn't really see Tom do that?
Do you mean you didn't see Tom do that?
Do you mean you didn't see Tom win?
Do you mean you didn't study with Tom last night?
Do you mean you don't find that odd?
Do you mean you don't have any more?
Do you mean you don't know how to do this?
Do you mean you don't know what happened?
Do you mean you don't know?
Do you mean you don't like beer?
Do you mean you haven't told Tom yet?
Do you mean you hide your beauty intentionally?
Do you mean you met her!?
Do you mean you really don't know?
Do you mean you still haven't done that?
Do you mean you want me to go?
Do you mean you want me to leave?
Do you mean you're giving up?
Do you meditate often?
Do you meditate or do yoga?
Do you meditate, Tom?
Do you meditate?
Do you meet Tom often?
Do you meet her often?
Do you meet him often?
Do you meet with Tom often?
Do you mind Tom being here?
Do you mind cutting up the steak?
Do you mind eating in the kitchen?
Do you mind getting back to work?
Do you mind going a bit faster?
Do you mind handing me the hammer?
Do you mind helping me carry this box upstairs?
Do you mind helping me with my Arabic lesson?
Do you mind if Gabor and I have a few minutes alone?
Do you mind if I ask Tom something?
Do you mind if I ask a few questions?
Do you mind if I ask why not?
Do you mind if I ask why?
Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions?
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Do you mind if I ask you something?
Do you mind if I ask you to light up the way? I can't see properly and I don't have any light on me and I can't go further down this path if you don't light me up on my way.
Do you mind if I asked you a question?
Do you mind if I borrow your pen?
Do you mind if I call on you tomorrow?
Do you mind if I call you Tom?
Do you mind if I change the channel?
Do you mind if I check your vitals?
Do you mind if I close the door?
Do you mind if I come along?
Do you mind if I come in?
Do you mind if I come over?
Do you mind if I do it later?
Do you mind if I do that?
Do you mind if I don't do that tomorrow?
Do you mind if I don't do that?
Do you mind if I don't do this?
Do you mind if I eat here with you?
Do you mind if I get started?
Do you mind if I go back to sleep now?
Do you mind if I go home early?
Do you mind if I go to bed, Tom? I'm shattered.
Do you mind if I go?
Do you mind if I have a look?
Do you mind if I help myself?
Do you mind if I invite Tom to dinner?
Do you mind if I invite him over?
Do you mind if I invite them over?
Do you mind if I join in?
Do you mind if I join you?
Do you mind if I join your trip to the country?
Do you mind if I keep you company?
Do you mind if I lay down on the sofa?
Do you mind if I leave early?
Do you mind if I leave for a few minutes?
Do you mind if I leave?
Do you mind if I light up a cigarette? I hope that won't bother you more than necessary.
Do you mind if I listen to some music?
Do you mind if I look for you so often?
Do you mind if I open the door?
Do you mind if I open the window and air the room?
Do you mind if I open the window and let the smoke out?
Do you mind if I open the window?
Do you mind if I park here?
Do you mind if I put some music on?
Do you mind if I sat with you?
Do you mind if I sing?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Do you mind if I sit here?
Do you mind if I sit next to you?
Do you mind if I sit on the floor?
Do you mind if I sit too close to you? Yes, it does, all the more so since the deadly virus of COVID-19 is still alive and kicking and is still very much alive among us.
Do you mind if I sit?
Do you mind if I sleep here tonight?
Do you mind if I sleep here?
Do you mind if I smoke a cigarette?
Do you mind if I smoke here?
Do you mind if I smoke?
Do you mind if I speak with Tom?
Do you mind if I stay here?
Do you mind if I stay?
Do you mind if I tag along?
Do you mind if I take a day off?
Do you mind if I take a look?
Do you mind if I take a picture?
Do you mind if I take my shirt off?
Do you mind if I take off my sweater?
Do you mind if I take the top bunk?
Do you mind if I take this?
Do you mind if I try this on?
Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
Do you mind if I turn off the AC?
Do you mind if I turn off the light?
Do you mind if I turn on the TV?
Do you mind if I turn on the radio?
Do you mind if I turn on the telly?
Do you mind if I turn the TV on?
Do you mind if I turn the telly on?
Do you mind if I use your bike?
Do you mind if I use your computer?
Do you mind if I wait here?
Do you mind if I wait out here?
Do you mind if I walk with you?
Do you mind if I watch TV for a while?
Do you mind if I wear your T-shirt for the party?
Do you mind if Yanni sits here?
Do you mind if it's a bit more?
Do you mind if we come in?
Do you mind if we cross your garden?
Do you mind if we have a look around?
Do you mind if we have a look?
Do you mind if we have our lunch now?
Do you mind if we join you?
Do you mind if we leave?
Do you mind if we postpone our date?
Do you mind if we search your car?
Do you mind if we search your vehicle?
Do you mind if we shared the table?
Do you mind if we sit down?
Do you mind keeping quiet?
Do you mind me leaving the lights on?
Do you mind much?
Do you mind my making a suggestion?
Do you mind my sitting next to you?
Do you mind my smoking here?
Do you mind my smoking?
Do you mind my turning on TV?
Do you mind my turning on the TV?
Do you mind my turning on the radio?
Do you mind my visiting you tomorrow?
Do you mind of I do it later?
Do you mind opening the door?
Do you mind opening the window?
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier?
Do you mind showing me around the school?
Do you mind signing a waiver?
Do you mind taking her home with you?
Do you mind taking me home?
Do you mind taking the dog out for a walk?
Do you mind telling me what's going on?
Do you mind telling me what's happening?
Do you mind telling me your exact phone number?
Do you mind telling me your name?
Do you mind their coming too?
Do you mind turning around while I get dressed?
Do you mind turning on the TV?
Do you mind waiting for a minute?
Do you mind waiting here?
Do you mind waiting?
Do you mind?
Do you mind? I need some privacy here.
Do you miss Algeria?
Do you miss Australia?
Do you miss Boston?
Do you miss Tom and me?
Do you miss Tom too?
Do you miss Tom?
Do you miss her?
Do you miss him?
Do you miss home?
Do you miss it?
Do you miss living in the city?
Do you miss me at all?
Do you miss me?
Do you miss not being on holiday?
Do you miss something?
Do you miss the beach?
Do you miss the days of the Soviet Union?
Do you miss them?
Do you miss your country?
Do you miss your friends?
Do you miss your kids?
Do you miss your mother?
Do you miss your old job?
Do you miss your parents?
Do you miss your wife?
Do you mistrust him?
Do you need French speakers?
Do you need Tom right now?
Do you need a bag?
Do you need a book?
Do you need a break?
Do you need a briefing?
Do you need a car?
Do you need a change?
Do you need a coat?
Do you need a cushion?
Do you need a deposit?
Do you need a dictionary?
Do you need a doctor's certificate?
Do you need a doctor?
Do you need a drink?
Do you need a few minutes?
Do you need a flashlight?
Do you need a flatmate?
Do you need a fork?
Do you need a good and simple dish that takes no longer than ten minutes to prepare?
Do you need a grater?
Do you need a gun?
Do you need a hand with that?
Do you need a hand with your suitcases?
Do you need a hand?
Do you need a helper?
Do you need a hotel?
Do you need a housemate?
Do you need a hug?
Do you need a job?
Do you need a key?
Do you need a king?
Do you need a lawyer?
Do you need a license to use an electric wheelchair?
Do you need a lift somewhere?
Do you need a lift?
Do you need a little help?
Do you need a lot of money?
Do you need a lot of time to get dressed?
Do you need a minute?
Do you need a new belt?
Do you need a new keyboard?
Do you need a new phone case?
Do you need a place to stay tonight?
Do you need a place to stay?
Do you need a plane?
Do you need a reminder?
Do you need a ride anywhere?
Do you need a ride home later?
Do you need a ride home?
Do you need a ride somewhere?
Do you need a ride to school?
Do you need a ride to the airport?
Do you need a ride, babe?
Do you need a ride, bud?
Do you need a ride?
Do you need a roommate?
Do you need a rug?
Do you need a screwdriver to fix it?
Do you need a second?
Do you need a shoulder to cry on?
Do you need a spoon?
Do you need a table?
Do you need a tie?
Do you need a torch?
Do you need a tutor for German?
Do you need a visa for Australia if you have a British passport?
Do you need a visa for Australia?
Do you need a visa to go to Australia if you have a British passport?
Do you need a visa to go to Australia?
Do you need a wool hat?
Do you need a work permit?
Do you need a worker?
Do you need all of this?
Do you need all this?
Do you need an ambulance?
Do you need an envelope?
Do you need an extra blanket?
Do you need an extra man?
Do you need an interpreter?
Do you need an umbrella?
Do you need another blanket?
Do you need another volunteer?
Do you need any assistance with that?
Do you need any food?
Do you need any help doing that?
Do you need any help with that?
Do you need any help with the presentation?
Do you need any help, buddy?
Do you need any help?
Do you need any hiking gear for your trip?
Do you need any money?
Do you need any more help?
Do you need any more money?
Do you need any more time?
Do you need any training for this work?
Do you need anything else from me?
Do you need anything else?
Do you need anything from the dollar store?
Do you need anything from the grocery store?
Do you need anything from the store?
Do you need anything in addition?
Do you need anything?
Do you need as many licenses as you have operating systems installed in a multi-boot PC?
Do you need assistance with moving into the apartment?
Do you need assistance?
Do you need baby clothes?
Do you need bread, sausage and cheese?
Do you need diesel?
Do you need examples?
Do you need fruit?
Do you need glasses to read?
Do you need gloves?
Do you need gold?
Do you need help carrying anything?
Do you need help carrying that?
Do you need help carrying those boxes?
Do you need help doing that?
Do you need help doing this?
Do you need help fixing the leaky faucet?
Do you need help getting up?
Do you need help in the kitchen?
Do you need help learning a new language?
Do you need help moving furniture in the apartment?
Do you need help moving into the flat?
Do you need help moving?
Do you need help painting?
Do you need help with anything?
Do you need help with something?
Do you need help with that?
Do you need help with your bags?
Do you need help with your homework?
Do you need help with your makeup?
Do you need help with your suitcases?
Do you need help, buddy?
Do you need help, or can you manage?
Do you need help?
Do you need instructions?
Do you need it again?
Do you need it now?
Do you need it right now?
Do you need it yet?
Do you need it?
Do you need keys?
Do you need land?
Do you need life insurance?
Do you need me for something?
Do you need me here?
Do you need me to buy you anything at the supermarket?
Do you need me to clarify anything further?
Do you need me to come over?
Do you need me to do anything?
Do you need me to drive you home?
Do you need me to give you some money?
Do you need me to go with you?
Do you need me to help you come down?
Do you need me to move?
Do you need me to pick you up?
Do you need me to repeat the question?
Do you need me to show you the way?
Do you need me to sign anything?
Do you need me to stick around?
Do you need me, Tom?
Do you need me?
Do you need medical help?
Do you need milk and sugar?
Do you need money?
Do you need more food?
Do you need more money?
Do you need more space?
Do you need more time to finish that?
Do you need more time to finish what you're doing?
Do you need more time?
Do you need more towels?
Do you need more volunteers?
Do you need more water?
Do you need most of them?
Do you need much money?
Do you need my assistance?
Do you need my help at all?
Do you need my help?
Do you need new shoes for basketball?
Do you need new shoes for running?
Do you need new shoes for school?
Do you need new shoes for the gym?
Do you need new shoes?
Do you need our assistance?
Do you need our help?
Do you need petrol?
Do you need police protection?
Do you need shoelaces for your shoes?
Do you need some advice?
Do you need some help there?
Do you need some help with that?
Do you need some help with your packing?
Do you need some help, ma'am?
Do you need some help?
Do you need some money?
Do you need some more time?
Do you need some time?
Do you need some transport?
Do you need some water?
Do you need something else?
Do you need something from me?
Do you need something from us?
Do you need something right now? Maybe a hug, some headpats, or a cup of hot chocolate?
Do you need something to drink?
Do you need something?
Do you need sunglasses?
Do you need that book?
Do you need the book?
Do you need the box?
Do you need the car?
Do you need the key?
Do you need the keys?
Do you need the password?
Do you need the phone?
Do you need the toilet?
Do you need them right this minute?
Do you need them?
Do you need therapy?
Do you need these old receipts?
Do you need these papers?
Do you need this book?
Do you need this box?
Do you need this now?
Do you need this?
Do you need those books?
Do you need time to think it over?
Do you need to be sick?
Do you need to be tall to be good at basketball?
Do you need to buy anything?
Do you need to cough often?
Do you need to do that again?
Do you need to do that every day?
Do you need to do that now?
Do you need to do that?
Do you need to drink wine?
Do you need to go anywhere else?
Do you need to go back to school?
Do you need to go potty?
Do you need to go to Australia, too?
Do you need to go to Boston, too?
Do you need to go today?
Do you need to go?
Do you need to leave now?
Do you need to leave today?
Do you need to lie down?
Do you need to operate?
Do you need to puke?
Do you need to replace the faucet hose?
Do you need to replace the faucet's cold water knob?
Do you need to replace the faucet's hot water knob?
Do you need to replace the faucet's spray nozzle?
Do you need to see a doctor?
Do you need to stay at home today?
Do you need to stay home today?
Do you need to stay in Australia, too?
Do you need to stay in Boston, too?
Do you need to thaw a frozen turkey before you begin cooking it?
Do you need to update the address for the apartment?
Do you need to vomit?
Do you need to wash fresh vegetables?
Do you need to work on Sunday?
Do you need to work on Sundays?
Do you need to work this weekend, too?
Do you need toilet paper?
Do you need transport?
Do you need your walker?
Do you need your window washed?
Do you never feel that work is like play?
Do you never go there?
Do you no longer want to work with us?
Do you not accept my offer?
Do you not also think so?
Do you not drink coffee?
Do you not drink tequila anymore?
Do you not enjoy the steak at this English restaurant?
Do you not find that you exaggerate a bit?
Do you not get bored of videogames all afternoon?
Do you not have an appetite?
Do you not have an opinion on this topic?
Do you not have anything to tell him?
Do you not have friends?
Do you not have the Syrian passport?
Do you not have your own opinion?
Do you not know how to hunt with anything but nets?
Do you not know that it's impolite to ask a woman how old she is?
Do you not know that your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God? You are not your own; you were bought at a price. Therefore honor God with your bodies.
Do you not know who I am?
Do you not like Chinese cuisine?
Do you not like Tom?
Do you not like dark humor?
Do you not like girls?
Do you not like ice cream?
Do you not like them?
Do you not like wine?
Do you not need these photos?
Do you not play tennis?
Do you not remember what you said anymore?
Do you not see that Tom is suffering because of you?
Do you not see the problem here?
Do you not see the problem?
Do you not see what's happening to her?
Do you not see what's happening?
Do you not see with your own eyes the chrysalis fact assume by degrees the wings of fiction?
Do you not think that it would have been better to tell him the truth?
Do you not think that's unfair?
Do you not understand basic logic?
Do you not understand?
Do you not want anything else?
Do you not want me here?
Do you not want to do that?
Do you not want to go dancing?
Do you not want to know who has taken it?
Do you not want to play?
Do you not want to respond?
Do you not want to talk about this now?
Do you notice anything different about Tom?
Do you notice anything different about me?
Do you notice anything different?
Do you notice anything odd?
Do you notice anything?
Do you notice what's going on?
Do you now know who’s on a diet?
Do you nurture your talents?
Do you obey her?
Do you obey your mother?
Do you obey your parents?
Do you object to my idea?
Do you object to smoking?
Do you object?
Do you observe what's occurring?
Do you offer a volume discount? If so, please send details.
Do you offer accommodation?
Do you offer any all-day tours?
Do you offer any day tours?
Do you offer any day trips?
Do you offer any half-day tours?
Do you offer any night tours?
Do you offer any other services?
Do you offer any type of tours?
Do you offer coffee pots in different sizes?
Do you often become dizzy if you get up from bed quickly?
Do you often borrow Tom's car?
Do you often buy fruit at the market?
Do you often buy lottery tickets?
Do you often buy new clothes?
Do you often buy things, and then regret it later?
Do you often come here?
Do you often dance at St. James's?
Do you often dance at St. James’s?
Do you often do pencil drawings?
Do you often do the lottery?
Do you often do this?
Do you often draw in pencil?
Do you often draw with a pencil?
Do you often drink milk?
Do you often drive a car to work?
Do you often drive your car to work?
Do you often eat at restaurants?
Do you often eat dinner at Tom's house?
Do you often eat dinner with your family?
Do you often eat fish?
Do you often eat granola?
Do you often eat mushrooms?
Do you often eat out?
Do you often feel sleepy after eating lunch?
Do you often feel sleepy after lunch?
Do you often feel sleepy in the early afternoon?
Do you often get a sore throat?
Do you often get cold feet and hands?
Do you often get nosebleeds?
Do you often get snow here?
Do you often get text messages from Tom?
Do you often get up early?
Do you often get visitors?
Do you often go drinking with Tom?
Do you often go for walks alone?
Do you often go on business trips?
Do you often go out with your friends?
Do you often go shopping?
Do you often go to Australia?
Do you often go to Boston?
Do you often go to Munich?
Do you often go to Tokyo?
Do you often go to a restaurant?
Do you often go to see plays?
Do you often go to the church?
Do you often go to the cinema?
Do you often go to the movies?
Do you often go to the theater?
Do you often go to the theatre?
Do you often go to town?
Do you often hang out with Tom?
Do you often have a sore throat?
Do you often have cold feet and hands?
Do you often have earaches?
Do you often have fish for dinner?
Do you often have nosebleeds?
Do you often have to do that?
Do you often hear from Tom?
Do you often hear from him?
Do you often help others?
Do you often hug your children?
Do you often lie to your husband?
Do you often lie to your wife?
Do you often listen to audiobooks?
Do you often listen to music?
Do you often listen to the news on the radio?
Do you often look at the stars at night?
Do you often make mistakes?
Do you often make this kind of mistake?
Do you often meditate?
Do you often meet him?
Do you often need to remind Tom to do stuff?
Do you often play chess against a computer?
Do you often play tennis with your friends?
Do you often play with the children of your cousins?
Do you often read books in French?
Do you often read books that are in French?
Do you often read books written in French?
Do you often read comic books?
Do you often read in bed?
Do you often ride a motorcycle?
Do you often rub it?
Do you often skip lunch?
Do you often stay up past midnight?
Do you often take afternoon naps?
Do you often take business trips?
Do you often take naps?
Do you often take photos?
Do you often take risks?
Do you often take trips?
Do you often talk to yourself?
Do you often think about her?
Do you often think about the future?
Do you often think about things outside the bounds of your reality?
Do you often think about what you want to do in the future?
Do you often think about your childhood?
Do you often think back to your childhood?
Do you often travel abroad on business?
Do you often travel abroad?
Do you often travel alone?
Do you often travel with your parents?
Do you often travel?
Do you often use a dictionary?
Do you often visit flea markets?
Do you often visit your cousin?
Do you often visit your grandparents?
Do you often walk home?
Do you often watch cooking shows?
Do you often wear a bracelet?
Do you often wear a hat?
Do you often wear boots?
Do you often wear hats?
Do you often wear high heels?
Do you often wear sweaters?
Do you often work overtime?
Do you often write letters in French?
Do you often write to your parents?
Do you only have this bag with you?
Do you only sell clothes?
Do you or anyone you know speak French?
Do you originate from Finland?
Do you owe Tom a lot?
Do you owe Tom money?
Do you owe me something?
Do you owe money to anyone?
Do you own a belt with a unique pattern?
Do you own a bike?
Do you own a boat?
Do you own a car?
Do you own a computer?
Do you own a gun?
Do you own a handgun?
Do you own a house in Australia?
Do you own a house in Boston?
Do you own a house in Italy?
Do you own a house?
Do you own a motorcycle?
Do you own a nice car?
Do you own a pair of hiking boots?
Do you own a pair of ice skates?
Do you own a pet?
Do you own a pharmacy?
Do you own a vacuum cleaner?
Do you own all these books?
Do you own any designer shoes?
Do you own any other property?
Do you own any property in Australia?
Do you own any property in Boston?
Do you own or rent that place?
Do you own this house or rent it?
Do you own this place now?
Do you own this place?
Do you own this?
Do you own your own bowling ball?
Do you participate in the marathon?
Do you pass a postbox?
Do you pay attention to what I say?
Do you pay for it in cash or by check?
Do you pay my bills?
Do you pay the tunnel toll here?
Do you perhaps have some time for me?
Do you perhaps want to go on a date with me?
Do you pick up hitchhikers at night?
Do you plan on allowing Tom to do that?
Do you plan on attending this afternoon's meeting?
Do you plan on attending today's meeting?
Do you plan on buying a copy?
Do you plan on doing that again?
Do you plan on doing that sometime?
Do you plan on doing that with Tom?
Do you plan on doing that?
Do you plan on going again?
Do you plan on going home anytime soon?
Do you plan on going swimming with us this afternoon?
Do you plan on letting Tom do that?
Do you plan on letting Tom drive?
Do you plan on living in Australia after you graduate?
Do you plan on living in Boston after you graduate?
Do you plan on marrying someday?
Do you plan on moving?
Do you plan on permitting Tom to do that?
Do you plan on staying single for the rest of your life?
Do you plan on staying single forever?
Do you plan on taking part in the interview?
Do you plan on talking all night?
Do you plan on telling Tom to do that?
Do you plan on using that?
Do you plan on visiting Tom this weekend?
Do you plan that far in advance?
Do you plan to allow Tom to do that?
Do you plan to attend today's meeting?
Do you plan to audition for the part?
Do you plan to be here long?
Do you plan to be in Boston long?
Do you plan to be in Boston very long?
Do you plan to buy a new printer?
Do you plan to buy that car?
Do you plan to come?
Do you plan to continue doing that?
Do you plan to continue working until 10:00?
Do you plan to do anything special with your father on Father's Day?
Do you plan to do something about this?
Do you plan to do that again?
Do you plan to do that sometime?
Do you plan to do that with Tom?
Do you plan to do that?
Do you plan to eat all of that yourself?
Do you plan to eat out this evening?
Do you plan to get married before you're thirty?
Do you plan to go abroad?
Do you plan to go again?
Do you plan to go camping this weekend?
Do you plan to go overseas?
Do you plan to go shopping tomorrow?
Do you plan to go to Australia sometime?
Do you plan to go to Australia?
Do you plan to go to Boston by bus?
Do you plan to go to Boston tomorrow?
Do you plan to go to Boston?
Do you plan to go to Tokyo by bus?
Do you plan to go to Tokyo tomorrow?
Do you plan to go to college?
Do you plan to have children?
Do you plan to help us?
Do you plan to join us for a drink afterwards?
Do you plan to leave tomorrow?
Do you plan to let Tom do that?
Do you plan to let Tom drive?
Do you plan to let Tom win?
Do you plan to make any changes?
Do you plan to move out of the apartment soon?
Do you plan to permit Tom to do that?
Do you plan to play volleyball with us tomorrow?
Do you plan to renew your apartment lease?
Do you plan to rent a car?
Do you plan to return to your home country or to continue staying in the Netherlands after graduating?
Do you plan to sell all of these?
Do you plan to spend your summer vacation with Tom?
Do you plan to spend your whole life in that store?
Do you plan to stay for a while?
Do you plan to stay in Australia for a while?
Do you plan to stay in Australia for very long?
Do you plan to stay in Australia very long?
Do you plan to stay in Boston for a while?
Do you plan to stay in Boston for very long?
Do you plan to stay in Boston long?
Do you plan to stay long?
Do you plan to study French?
Do you plan to tell Tom the truth?
Do you plan to tell Tom to do that?
Do you plan to use it again?
Do you plan to visit America someday?
Do you plan to visit Australia someday?
Do you plan to visit Australia?
Do you plan to visit Boston?
Do you plan to work until 10.00?
Do you plan to work until 10:00?
Do you plan to work until 10?
Do you plan to work until ten o'clock?
Do you plan to work until ten?
Do you plant pumpkins?
Do you play Pokémon?
Do you play a musical instrument?
Do you play a musical instrument? If so, what do you play?
Do you play an instrument?
Do you play another instrument apart from the piano?
Do you play another instrument than the piano?
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?
Do you play any instruments?
Do you play any musical instrument?
Do you play any musical instruments?
Do you play any other instruments besides the piano?
Do you play any sport?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play baseball?
Do you play basketball well?
Do you play basketball?
Do you play bridge by any chance?
Do you play checkers with your grandmother?
Do you play chess consistently?
Do you play chess often?
Do you play chess?
Do you play croquet?
Do you play football every day?
Do you play football or rugby?
Do you play football?
Do you play gin rummy?
Do you play golf, Takaki?
Do you play golf?
Do you play in a band?
Do you play in a team?
Do you play music at social gatherings?
Do you play on a team?
Do you play poker?
Do you play soccer every day?
Do you play soccer or rugby?
Do you play soccer with your friends?
Do you play soccer?
Do you play sports?
Do you play squash?
Do you play tennis very often?
Do you play tennis well?
Do you play tennis?
Do you play the clarinet?
Do you play the drums?
Do you play the guitar?
Do you play the lottery?
Do you play the oboe as well as you play the clarinet?
Do you play the piano?
Do you play the saxophone?
Do you play the trombone?
Do you play video games?
Do you play volleyball often?
Do you play volleyball?
Do you play with a plectrum?
Do you play with my shoes?
Do you play, too?
Do you plead guilty?
Do you pluck your eyebrows?
Do you possibly know where Tom is?
Do you practice any sport?
Do you practice every day?
Do you practice fitness?
Do you practice mindfulness in learning?
Do you pray every day?
Do you pray every morning and every afternoon?
Do you pray?
Do you prefer Belgian or German beer?
Do you prefer Boston or Chicago?
Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi?
Do you prefer Gaelic football or hurling?
Do you prefer I lie to you, or tell the truth?
Do you prefer Korean Air or Asiana Airlines?
Do you prefer Thai dramas or Korean dramas?
Do you prefer a belt with a metal or plastic buckle?
Do you prefer a belt with a wide or narrow strap?
Do you prefer a desk job or outdoor job?
Do you prefer a male or female doctor?
Do you prefer a round or rectangular table?
Do you prefer a smaller or larger school?
Do you prefer a soft-boiled egg with your breakfast or a hard-boiled egg?
Do you prefer an apple or a pear?
Do you prefer beer, vodka, wine, or soda?
Do you prefer being here or at the beach?
Do you prefer being indoors or outdoors?
Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?
Do you prefer bread or rice?
Do you prefer butter or margarine?
Do you prefer buying clothes with or without a hood?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Do you prefer cheddar or gouda?
Do you prefer chicken lollipops with or without gravy?
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Do you prefer corn or flour tortillas?
Do you prefer cute guys or guys who have class?
Do you prefer cycling alone or with others?
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
Do you prefer drinking soup out of a mug or eating it with a spoon out of a bowl?
Do you prefer drip coffee or espresso?
Do you prefer eating out or eating at home?
Do you prefer exercising indoors or outdoors?
Do you prefer fiction or non-fiction?
Do you prefer fish or chicken?
Do you prefer for television shows to be subtitled or dubbed?
Do you prefer games where you can save anywhere you like, or games with checkpoints?
Do you prefer glasses or contact lenses?
Do you prefer going out or staying at home on weekends?
Do you prefer going to the cinema or to the theatre?
Do you prefer green or black tea?
Do you prefer green or ripe bananas?
Do you prefer green tea or black tea?
Do you prefer hard or soft cheese?
Do you prefer heat or cold?
Do you prefer high heels or flats?
Do you prefer hiking alone or with friends?
Do you prefer hot or cold weather?
Do you prefer it like this?
Do you prefer it this way?
Do you prefer it when TV shows are subtitled or dubbed?
Do you prefer jujube juice or coconut water?
Do you prefer learning languages through immersion or formal instruction?
Do you prefer live music over recordings?
Do you prefer living in a city or in a village?
Do you prefer lobster or crab?
Do you prefer long grain or short grain rice?
Do you prefer me clean-shaven or with a beard?
Do you prefer meat or fish?
Do you prefer milk chocolate or dark chocolate?
Do you prefer milk in your coffee?
Do you prefer morning or evening shifts?
Do you prefer mornings or evenings?
Do you prefer mountain biking or road biking?
Do you prefer mountain biking or road cycling?
Do you prefer movies or series?
Do you prefer mussels or oysters?
Do you prefer pasta with pesto sauce or pasta with mushroom cream sauce?
Do you prefer pizza or a sandwich?
Do you prefer playing chess or checkers?
Do you prefer reading a book or watching a movie?
Do you prefer reading fiction or nonfiction?
Do you prefer reading to cards?
Do you prefer reading to playing cards?
Do you prefer red or blue?
Do you prefer red or white wine?
Do you prefer red wine or white wine?
Do you prefer red wine to white wine?
Do you prefer red, blue or yellow?
Do you prefer sandwiches or salads for the picnic?
Do you prefer sandy or rocky beaches?
Do you prefer showers or baths?
Do you prefer sitting on the floor or sitting on a chair?
Do you prefer sneakers or boots?
Do you prefer solo travel or traveling with a companion?
Do you prefer speaking in French or in English?
Do you prefer spring or autumn?
Do you prefer spring or fall season?
Do you prefer spring or fall?
Do you prefer studying in the morning or in the evening?
Do you prefer subtitled or dubbed TV shows?
Do you prefer summer or winter?
Do you prefer sweet or salty pastries?
Do you prefer sweet or savory foods?
Do you prefer sweet or savory?
Do you prefer swimming in fresh water or salt water?
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
Do you prefer tea with lemon or milk?
Do you prefer tea with lemon or with milk?
Do you prefer tea?
Do you prefer television programmes to be dubbed or subtitled?
Do you prefer that children be obedient and polite or creative, independent and considerate?
Do you prefer the apple or the pear?
Do you prefer the blue one or the red one?
Do you prefer the blue ones or the red ones?
Do you prefer the first or second volume?
Do you prefer theory or practice?
Do you prefer to drink beer or brandy?
Do you prefer to drink coffee or tea?
Do you prefer to go by train or bus?
Do you prefer to go to the zoo or to the movie theater?
Do you prefer to have long hair or short hair?
Do you prefer to have your lunch here or in the kitchen?
Do you prefer to study English, French or Spanish?
Do you prefer to study during the day or at night?
Do you prefer to take a shower or a bath?
Do you prefer to teach boys or girls?
Do you prefer to travel by bus or by train?
Do you prefer to travel by train or by bus?
Do you prefer to use Whatsapp instead of Instagram?
Do you prefer to use Word or Google Docs?
Do you prefer to visit Brazil or Argentina?
Do you prefer to watch subbed or dubbed TV?
Do you prefer to work alone or as part of a team?
Do you prefer to work alone or in a team?
Do you prefer to work alone or on a team?
Do you prefer to work alone or with others?
Do you prefer to work in the morning or in the evening?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with others?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with someone else?
Do you prefer traveling by bus or by train?
Do you prefer traveling by yourself or with somebody else?
Do you prefer travelling alone or with someone else?
Do you prefer using sanitary napkins or tampons?
Do you prefer vanilla ice cream or chocolate ice cream?
Do you prefer vanilla or chocolate ice cream?
Do you prefer vodka or gin in your mixed drinks?
Do you prefer waffles or pancakes?
Do you prefer white meat or red meat?
Do you prefer white or brown rice?
Do you prefer white or red wine?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
Do you prefer white wine or red wine?
Do you prefer wine or beer?
Do you prefer wine or whisky?
Do you prefer working alone or in a group?
Do you prefer working alone or in a team environment?
Do you prefer working alone or in a team?
Do you prefer working mornings or evenings?
Do you prefer writing on paper by hand, with a computer, or some other way?
Do you prevent me from smoking here?
Do you price match?
Do you prioritize workplace cleanliness?
Do you promise me that you'll do that?
Do you promise me you'll do that?
Do you promise never to do that?
Do you promise never to lie again?
Do you promise not to forget me?
Do you promise not to tell anybody anything?
Do you promise not to tell anybody?
Do you promise not to tell anyone anything?
Do you promise not to tell anyone else?
Do you promise not to tell anyone?
Do you promise not to tell?
Do you promise that you won't tell Sami that I gave you his number?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I kissed Mary?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I told you where he lived?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I kissed Mary?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I told you where he lived?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise that you won't tell anybody?
Do you promise that you won't tell anyone?
Do you promise to call me tonight?
Do you promise to keep my secrets private?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I kissed Mary?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I told you where he lived?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I kissed Mary?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I told you where he lived?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise you won't tell anybody?
Do you promise you won't tell anyone?
Do you promise?
Do you promote hygiene at work?
Do you pronounce it "Zed" or "Zee"?
Do you provide any other services?
Do you push beyond your limits?
Do you put cotton in your ears when you go to a concert?
Do you put cream in your coffee?
Do you put green peppers in your spaghetti sauce?
Do you put honey in your yogurt?
Do you put ketchup on eggs?
Do you put milk in your coffee?
Do you put milk in your tea?
Do you put salt on your eggs?
Do you put sugar in your coffee?
Do you put sugar in your tea?
Do you put the child in a walker?
Do you question your role in life?
Do you read "907" as "nine oh seven" or "nine hundred and seven"?
Do you read Arabic?
Do you read French every day?
Do you read French?
Do you read Tom's blog?
Do you read a lot of books?
Do you read a lot?
Do you read books like that?
Do you read books to your children?
Do you read books?
Do you read fashion magazines?
Do you read his blog?
Do you read instructions?
Do you read lips?
Do you read lots of books?
Do you read love stories?
Do you read magazines more than once a week?
Do you read mangas?
Do you read me?
Do you read much?
Do you read paper books?
Do you read romance novels?
Do you read something besides the Bible?
Do you read the Bible every day?
Do you read the Bible?
Do you read the Melody Maker or the NME?
Do you read the newspaper?
Do you read those kinds of books?
Do you read while you're eating lunch?
Do you realise how much she loves you?
Do you realise that you are yet again one year older than you were at this time one year ago?
Do you realise the possible consequences?
Do you realise what you're asking me to do?
Do you realise what you've just said?
Do you realize I almost died?
Do you realize how late it is?
Do you realize how late it's gotten?
Do you realize how much Tom loves you?
Do you realize how much this is going to cost us?
Do you realize how much trouble you've caused?
Do you realize how ridiculous it is?
Do you realize how ridiculous that idea is?
Do you realize how ridiculous that is?
Do you realize how ridiculous that plan is?
Do you realize how serious this is?
Do you realize how stupid that idea is?
Do you realize how stupid that is?
Do you realize how stupid that plan is?
Do you realize how worried I was?
Do you realize that Tom saved your life?
Do you realize that you're in trouble?
Do you realize that?
Do you realize the consequences of declaring war?
Do you realize the danger you're in?
Do you realize the fact that we, generally speaking, are drowning?
Do you realize the mess you're in here?
Do you realize what I'm saying?
Do you realize what declaring war entails?
Do you realize what it entails?
Do you realize what just happened?
Do you realize what this means?
Do you realize what time it is?
Do you realize what time it is? What were you up to at this time of night?
Do you realize what would happen if you did that?
Do you realize what would happen if you drank that?
Do you realize what would have happened if you hadn't helped us?
Do you realize what would've happened if you hadn't helped us?
Do you realize what you did?
Do you realize what you just said?
Do you realize what you said?
Do you realize what you're asking me to do?
Do you realize what you're doing, Tom?
Do you realize what you're doing?
Do you realize what you're saying to me?
Do you realize what you're saying?
Do you realize what you're saying? We've known each other for two days and you want me to come live with you?
Do you realize what you've done?
Do you realize what you've just said?
Do you realize what's going on here?
Do you realize what's going on?
Do you realize what's happening here?
Do you realize what's happening?
Do you realize you could have been killed?
Do you realize you could've been killed?
Do you really agree?
Do you really believe I can help you?
Do you really believe I did that?
Do you really believe I killed my brother?
Do you really believe I'm that stupid?
Do you really believe Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you really believe Tom is going to do that?
Do you really believe Tom is reliable?
Do you really believe Tom will cry?
Do you really believe Tom will do that?
Do you really believe Tom will win?
Do you really believe Tom would do something like that?
Do you really believe Tom would do that?
Do you really believe a cock-and-bull story like that?
Do you really believe doing that will be necessary?
Do you really believe ghosts exist?
Do you really believe in God?
Do you really believe in ghosts?
Do you really believe in magic?
Do you really believe in that stuff?
Do you really believe it absolutely necessary?
Do you really believe it's absolutely necessary?
Do you really believe it's going to be easy to do that?
Do you really believe it's necessary to do that?
Do you really believe it?
Do you really believe it’s over?
Do you really believe that Coca-Cola uses coca leaves in its production?
Do you really believe that Tom and Mary are reliable?
Do you really believe that Tom is reliable?
Do you really believe that Tom was poisoned?
Do you really believe that Tom would do something like that?
Do you really believe that Tom would do that?
Do you really believe that black cats cause bad luck?
Do you really believe that doing that is absolutely necessary?
Do you really believe that hoax?
Do you really believe that it was me who did that?
Do you really believe that it's going to be easy to do that?
Do you really believe that story?
Do you really believe that stuff?
Do you really believe that that's what Tom wants?
Do you really believe that that's what happened?
Do you really believe that the nature of time is cyclical?
Do you really believe that this guy is a magician?
Do you really believe that you live in a democratic country?
Do you really believe that'll happen?
Do you really believe that's what Tom wants?
Do you really believe that's what happened?
Do you really believe that?
Do you really believe the moon is made of green cheese?
Do you really believe them that they're finally going to close the refinery?
Do you really believe there's a connection?
Do you really believe this stuff?
Do you really believe this?
Do you really believe those stories?
Do you really believe what Tom said?
Do you really believe what you have heard?
Do you really believe you can beat Tom?
Do you really believe you can do it?
Do you really believe you can do that?
Do you really care about me?
Do you really care if we paint our bedroom eggshell white instead of mountain peak white?
Do you really care that much?
Do you really care what I think?
Do you really care what happens?
Do you really care what they think?
Do you really care when I get this done as long as I get it done?
Do you really care why I quit smoking?
Do you really care?
Do you really do that?
Do you really eat ice cream in the morning?
Do you really enjoy doing that kind of thing?
Do you really enjoy doing that?
Do you really expect Tom to apologize?
Do you really expect Tom to arrive on time?
Do you really expect Tom to do that?
Do you really expect Tom to get here on time?
Do you really expect Tom to help you?
Do you really expect Tom to tell you the truth?
Do you really expect Tom to win?
Do you really expect anyone to buy that?
Do you really expect me to answer that?
Do you really expect me to apologize for something that I haven't done?
Do you really expect me to believe all of this?
Do you really expect me to believe all that?
Do you really expect me to believe that?
Do you really expect me to believe this?
Do you really expect me to do that?
Do you really expect me to do the work of five people for minimum wage?
Do you really expect me to give you money?
Do you really expect me to help Tom?
Do you really expect me to help you?
Do you really expect me to let that happen?
Do you really expect me to swallow this tripe?
Do you really expect me to trust you now?
Do you really expect that to happen?
Do you really expect that?
Do you really expect to win?
Do you really expect us to trust you again?
Do you really feel sorry for Tom?
Do you really get paid to do this?
Do you really hate Tom that much?
Do you really hate doing that?
Do you really hate everyone you work with?
Do you really hate that idea?
Do you really have a boyfriend?
Do you really have a girlfriend?
Do you really have a good team?
Do you really have enough money to buy everything you need?
Do you really have enough money to buy everything you want?
Do you really have enough money to buy such a valuable watch?
Do you really have enough money to buy such an expensive watch?
Do you really have enough money to buy this?
Do you really have everything you need?
Do you really have free tickets for the concert?
Do you really have no home?
Do you really have one of those?
Do you really have three younger sisters?
Do you really have time to study and work?
Do you really have to be chatting on the phone right here? I couldn't care less about your personal life.
Do you really have to buy that?
Do you really have to call Tom right now?
Do you really have to do it now?
Do you really have to do it?
Do you really have to do that now?
Do you really have to do that right now?
Do you really have to do that tomorrow?
Do you really have to do that?
Do you really have to go now?
Do you really have to go tomorrow?
Do you really have to go?
Do you really have to leave again?
Do you really have to leave now?
Do you really have to leave tomorrow?
Do you really have to leave?
Do you really have to stay at home today?
Do you really have to stay home today?
Do you really have to tell Tom?
Do you really have to tell her?
Do you really have to tell him?
Do you really have to tell them?
Do you really have to work this weekend?
Do you really have to work?
Do you really have to yell to get things done?
Do you really hide your money under the mattress?
Do you really intend to do that?
Do you really intend to leave London without having visited the National Gallery?
Do you really intend to stay here for the rest of your lives?
Do you really keep all your money under your bed?
Do you really keep all your savings under your bed?
Do you really know her?
Do you really know that you make me the happiest person in the world?
Do you really know what Tom did?
Do you really know what you want when you don't know what you don't want?
Do you really know what you're doing?
Do you really know what's going on?
Do you really know what's going to happen?
Do you really know what's happening?
Do you really know where Tom went?
Do you really know who Tom's girlfriend is?
Do you really know who did that?
Do you really know why I'm here?
Do you really know?
Do you really like Tom?
Do you really like doing that?
Do you really like her?
Do you really like him?
Do you really like it here?
Do you really like it?
Do you really like mushroom soup?
Do you really like opera?
Do you really like that?
Do you really like the way Tom and Mary do that?
Do you really like the way Tom does that?
Do you really like this dress?
Do you really like this kind of food?
Do you really like to do that?
Do you really like your car?
Do you really like your job?
Do you really live alone?
Do you really live here?
Do you really love Jesus?
Do you really love Tom?
Do you really love her?
Do you really love him?
Do you really love me from the bottom of your heart?
Do you really love me?
Do you really love them?
Do you really love your wife?
Do you really mean it?
Do you really mean that?
Do you really need Tom here?
Do you really need a car?
Do you really need a megaphone?
Do you really need a roommate?
Do you really need an umbrella today?
Do you really need another dog?
Do you really need help?
Do you really need me to help you do that?
Do you really need more money?
Do you really need my help?
Do you really need one more dog?
Do you really need one of those?
Do you really need that?
Do you really need these?
Do you really need this suit?
Do you really need this?
Do you really need to ask that?
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
Do you really need to ask?
Do you really need to be doing that?
Do you really need to be here?
Do you really need to check your phone every 30 seconds?
Do you really need to come here?
Do you really need to do that?
Do you really need to go buy stuff for the party right now?
Do you really need to go out in this kind of weather?
Do you really need to go?
Do you really need to hurry up?
Do you really need to print that?
Do you really need to print this email?
Do you really need to print this?
Do you really need to see me?
Do you really never do that?
Do you really never eat chocolate?
Do you really never eat meat any more?
Do you really never eat meat anymore?
Do you really never stay up past midnight?
Do you really never think about me?
Do you really never think about your kids?
Do you really not care that I'm going alone?
Do you really not care?
Do you really not drink?
Do you really not eat meat any more?
Do you really not get it?
Do you really not have a TV?
Do you really not know him?
Do you really not know how to swim?
Do you really not know how to turn on a lamp?
Do you really not know?
Do you really not like chocolate?
Do you really not like me?
Do you really not like strawberries?
Do you really not like them?
Do you really not like those guys?
Do you really not mind waiting?
Do you really not recognise me?
Do you really not remember me?
Do you really not see how absurd your question is?
Do you really not see that your life is in danger if you stay here?
Do you really not understand how absurd your question is?
Do you really not understand?
Do you really not want anything?
Do you really not want me here?
Do you really plan on staying here for the rest of your life?
Do you really put ketchup on your eggs?
Do you really speak French?
Do you really speak Yuelami?
Do you really speak ten languages?
Do you really speak that language?
Do you really think I can do it?
Do you really think I can do that?
Do you really think I can do this?
Do you really think I can help you?
Do you really think I can't do this?
Do you really think I care about that?
Do you really think I care about what happens?
Do you really think I care?
Do you really think I didn't know what you were doing?
Do you really think I don't know what to do?
Do you really think I had a choice?
Do you really think I had something to do with that?
Do you really think I have to do that?
Do you really think I killed Tom?
Do you really think I look like Tom?
Do you really think I should do that?
Do you really think I should marry Tom?
Do you really think I should see a therapist?
Do you really think I shouldn't do that?
Do you really think I want that?
Do you really think I want to be here today?
Do you really think I want to do what I do?
Do you really think I want to go back there?
Do you really think I wanted this?
Do you really think I was fooled?
Do you really think I will forgive you?
Do you really think I would help you?
Do you really think I wouldn't help you?
Do you really think I'd do that?
Do you really think I'd drink that?
Do you really think I'd help?
Do you really think I'd let anyone come between us?
Do you really think I'd rather live in Australia than New Zealand?
Do you really think I'd rather live in Boston than Chicago?
Do you really think I'm a bad coach?
Do you really think I'm afraid of the dark?
Do you really think I'm attractive?
Do you really think I'm going to drink that?
Do you really think I'm going to forget you?
Do you really think I'm going to help you?
Do you really think I'm going to kiss you?
Do you really think I'm going to let you do that?
Do you really think I'm not a good coach?
Do you really think I'm not a good teacher?
Do you really think I'm ready?
Do you really think I'm selfish?
Do you really think I'm stupid enough to believe that?
Do you really think I'm that gullible?
Do you really think I'm that stupid?
Do you really think I'm the one who makes the rules?
Do you really think I'm the one who should do that?
Do you really think I'm the one who should help Tom?
Do you really think Mary can do that by herself?
Do you really think Mary can take care of herself?
Do you really think Mary is beautiful?
Do you really think Mary is pretty?
Do you really think Mary likes the gift I gave her?
Do you really think Mary was flirting with me?
Do you really think Mary will let you help her?
Do you really think Tom agreed to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are OK?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are adopted?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are afraid?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are alive?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are alone?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are already through doing that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are amused?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are angry?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are annoyed?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are asleep?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are awake?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are better than I am?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are better than me?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are biased?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are bored?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are boring?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are brave?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are broke?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are busy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are cold?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are conceited?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are confident?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are confused?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are conservative?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are correct?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are crazy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are creative?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are curious?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are cute?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dangerous?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dead?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dependable?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are depressed?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are divorced?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are downstairs?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are drunk?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are finished doing that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are finished?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are frustrated?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are funny?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are going to believe me?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are going to die?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are good-looking?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are guilty?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are happy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are healthy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are here?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are home?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are homesick?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are honest?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are illiterate?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are impressed?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are in Boston?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are incompetent?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are innocent?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are insane?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are interested?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are jealous?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are lonely?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are lost?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are mad?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are organized?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are outside?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are overweight?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are poor?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are prejudiced?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are prepared?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are ready?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are reliable?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are retired now?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are retired?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are rich?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are right?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are safe?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are scared?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are self-conscious?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are selfish?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are serious?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sick?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sincere?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are skinny?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sleepy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are spies?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are strong?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are stubborn?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are stupid?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are suspicious?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sympathetic?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are talented?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are thirsty?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are through?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are tired?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are tough?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are trustworthy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are ugly?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are unbeatable?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are unbiased?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are uncomfortable?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are unfriendly?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are upset?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are warm enough?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are wealthy?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are well?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are worried?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are wrong?
Do you really think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary don't have to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary have been impolite?
Do you really think Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary like the gifts I gave them?
Do you really think Tom and Mary need to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being truthful?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were careless?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were disappointed?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were discouraged?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were displeased?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were drunk?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were embarrassed?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were excited?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were fair?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were frightened?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were impressed?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were interested?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were mistaken?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were objective?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were offended?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were rude?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were shaken?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were surprised?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were terrified?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were unfair?
Do you really think Tom and Mary will let you help them?
Do you really think Tom can convince Mary to do that?
Do you really think Tom can convince Mary to go to the dance with him?
Do you really think Tom can convince Mary to help him?
Do you really think Tom can do that by himself?
Do you really think Tom can do that without any help?
Do you really think Tom can do that?
Do you really think Tom can hear us?
Do you really think Tom can help us?
Do you really think Tom can swim?
Do you really think Tom can take care of himself?
Do you really think Tom can win?
Do you really think Tom could be innocent?
Do you really think Tom could've done that by himself?
Do you really think Tom did that?
Do you really think Tom doesn't have to do that?
Do you really think Tom doesn't know what to do?
Do you really think Tom doesn't need to do that?
Do you really think Tom enjoys doing that?
Do you really think Tom enjoys eating with Mary?
Do you really think Tom had nothing to do with what happened?
Do you really think Tom has been impolite?
Do you really think Tom has to do that?
Do you really think Tom is OK?
Do you really think Tom is a better singer than Mary is?
Do you really think Tom is a better singer than Mary?
Do you really think Tom is a good cook?
Do you really think Tom is a spy?
Do you really think Tom is adopted?
Do you really think Tom is afraid?
Do you really think Tom is alive?
Do you really think Tom is alone?
Do you really think Tom is already through doing that?
Do you really think Tom is ambitious?
Do you really think Tom is amused by what's going on?
Do you really think Tom is amused?
Do you really think Tom is angry?
Do you really think Tom is annoyed?
Do you really think Tom is artistic?
Do you really think Tom is asleep?
Do you really think Tom is awake?
Do you really think Tom is better at doing that than Mary?
Do you really think Tom is better than I am?
Do you really think Tom is better than me?
Do you really think Tom is biased?
Do you really think Tom is blind?
Do you really think Tom is bored?
Do you really think Tom is boring?
Do you really think Tom is brave?
Do you really think Tom is broke?
Do you really think Tom is busy?
Do you really think Tom is cold?
Do you really think Tom is colorblind?
Do you really think Tom is conceited?
Do you really think Tom is confident?
Do you really think Tom is confused?
Do you really think Tom is conservative?
Do you really think Tom is correct?
Do you really think Tom is courageous?
Do you really think Tom is crazy?
Do you really think Tom is creative?
Do you really think Tom is curious?
Do you really think Tom is cute?
Do you really think Tom is dangerous?
Do you really think Tom is dead?
Do you really think Tom is dependable?
Do you really think Tom is depressed?
Do you really think Tom is desperate?
Do you really think Tom is determined to do that?
Do you really think Tom is difficult to get along with?
Do you really think Tom is disgusted?
Do you really think Tom is disorganized?
Do you really think Tom is divorced?
Do you really think Tom is doing that now?
Do you really think Tom is done?
Do you really think Tom is downstairs?
Do you really think Tom is drunk?
Do you really think Tom is enjoying himself?
Do you really think Tom is exhausted?
Do you really think Tom is fast?
Do you really think Tom is fat?
Do you really think Tom is finished doing that?
Do you really think Tom is finished?
Do you really think Tom is forgetful?
Do you really think Tom is from Australia?
Do you really think Tom is from Boston?
Do you really think Tom is frustrated?
Do you really think Tom is full?
Do you really think Tom is funny?
Do you really think Tom is going to be there?
Do you really think Tom is going to believe me?
Do you really think Tom is going to die?
Do you really think Tom is going to do that?
Do you really think Tom is good-looking?
Do you really think Tom is guilty?
Do you really think Tom is handsome?
Do you really think Tom is happy?
Do you really think Tom is healthy?
Do you really think Tom is helpless?
Do you really think Tom is here?
Do you really think Tom is high?
Do you really think Tom is home?
Do you really think Tom is homeless?
Do you really think Tom is homesick?
Do you really think Tom is honest?
Do you really think Tom is horrified?
Do you really think Tom is hot?
Do you really think Tom is hungry?
Do you really think Tom is illiterate?
Do you really think Tom is impartial?
Do you really think Tom is impressed?
Do you really think Tom is in Australia?
Do you really think Tom is in Boston?
Do you really think Tom is incompetent?
Do you really think Tom is influential?
Do you really think Tom is innocent?
Do you really think Tom is insane?
Do you really think Tom is insecure?
Do you really think Tom is intelligent?
Do you really think Tom is interested in doing that?
Do you really think Tom is interested?
Do you really think Tom is intrigued?
Do you really think Tom is irresistible?
Do you really think Tom is irresponsible?
Do you really think Tom is irritated?
Do you really think Tom is jealous?
Do you really think Tom is lonely?
Do you really think Tom is lost?
Do you really think Tom is mad?
Do you really think Tom is mean?
Do you really think Tom is miserable?
Do you really think Tom is motivated?
Do you really think Tom is organized?
Do you really think Tom is outside?
Do you really think Tom is overconfident?
Do you really think Tom is overweight?
Do you really think Tom is overworked?
Do you really think Tom is pleased?
Do you really think Tom is poor?
Do you really think Tom is prejudiced?
Do you really think Tom is prepared?
Do you really think Tom is psychic?
Do you really think Tom is ready?
Do you really think Tom is reliable?
Do you really think Tom is resourceful?
Do you really think Tom is retired now?
Do you really think Tom is retired?
Do you really think Tom is rich?
Do you really think Tom is right?
Do you really think Tom is romantic?
Do you really think Tom is safe?
Do you really think Tom is scared?
Do you really think Tom is scary?
Do you really think Tom is self-conscious?
Do you really think Tom is selfish?
Do you really think Tom is serious?
Do you really think Tom is sick?
Do you really think Tom is sincere?
Do you really think Tom is single?
Do you really think Tom is skinny?
Do you really think Tom is sleepy?
Do you really think Tom is so stupid to do something like that?
Do you really think Tom is stoned?
Do you really think Tom is stranded?
Do you really think Tom is strange?
Do you really think Tom is strict?
Do you really think Tom is strong?
Do you really think Tom is stubborn?
Do you really think Tom is stupid?
Do you really think Tom is suspicious?
Do you really think Tom is sympathetic?
Do you really think Tom is talented?
Do you really think Tom is tense?
Do you really think Tom is that gullible?
Do you really think Tom is that stupid?
Do you really think Tom is the best French speaker in your class?
Do you really think Tom is the only one here who can speak French?
Do you really think Tom is the person we should hire?
Do you really think Tom is thirsty?
Do you really think Tom is through?
Do you really think Tom is ticklish?
Do you really think Tom is tired?
Do you really think Tom is tough?
Do you really think Tom is trustworthy?
Do you really think Tom is ugly?
Do you really think Tom is unbeatable?
Do you really think Tom is unbiased?
Do you really think Tom is uncomfortable?
Do you really think Tom is undecided?
Do you really think Tom is unethical?
Do you really think Tom is unfriendly?
Do you really think Tom is unhappy?
Do you really think Tom is unkind?
Do you really think Tom is unlucky?
Do you really think Tom is unmarried?
Do you really think Tom is upset?
Do you really think Tom is warm enough?
Do you really think Tom is weak?
Do you really think Tom is wealthy?
Do you really think Tom is well?
Do you really think Tom is worried?
Do you really think Tom is wrong?
Do you really think Tom is younger than Mary is?
Do you really think Tom is younger than Mary?
Do you really think Tom liked you?
Do you really think Tom likes Mary?
Do you really think Tom likes me?
Do you really think Tom likes the gift I gave him?
Do you really think Tom loves me?
Do you really think Tom might be tempted to do that?
Do you really think Tom might still be alive?
Do you really think Tom needs to do that?
Do you really think Tom should do that?
Do you really think Tom should resign?
Do you really think Tom told Mary the truth?
Do you really think Tom was astonished?
Do you really think Tom was being sarcastic?
Do you really think Tom was being truthful?
Do you really think Tom was careless?
Do you really think Tom was disappointed?
Do you really think Tom was discouraged?
Do you really think Tom was displeased?
Do you really think Tom was disrespectful?
Do you really think Tom was drunk?
Do you really think Tom was embarrassed?
Do you really think Tom was excited?
Do you really think Tom was fair?
Do you really think Tom was frightened?
Do you really think Tom was heartbroken?
Do you really think Tom was impressed?
Do you really think Tom was interested?
Do you really think Tom was mistaken?
Do you really think Tom was nervous?
Do you really think Tom was objective?
Do you really think Tom was offended?
Do you really think Tom was puzzled?
Do you really think Tom was rude?
Do you really think Tom was shaken?
Do you really think Tom was surprised?
Do you really think Tom was terrified?
Do you really think Tom was the first one to do that?
Do you really think Tom was the last one to do that?
Do you really think Tom was unfair?
Do you really think Tom will back soon?
Do you really think Tom will be able to do that?
Do you really think Tom will be able to help Mary?
Do you really think Tom will be absent?
Do you really think Tom will be at today's meeting?
Do you really think Tom will be barefoot?
Do you really think Tom will be careful?
Do you really think Tom will be cooperative?
Do you really think Tom will be curious?
Do you really think Tom will be deported?
Do you really think Tom will be disobedient?
Do you really think Tom will be early?
Do you really think Tom will be forgiven?
Do you really think Tom will be generous?
Do you really think Tom will be gone by the time we get there?
Do you really think Tom will be here tomorrow?
Do you really think Tom will be hesitant to do that?
Do you really think Tom will be late?
Do you really think Tom will be obedient?
Do you really think Tom will be present?
Do you really think Tom will be prudent?
Do you really think Tom will be reasonable?
Do you really think Tom will be supportive?
Do you really think Tom will be suspended?
Do you really think Tom will be the next one to do that?
Do you really think Tom will be there?
Do you really think Tom will believe me?
Do you really think Tom will come back here?
Do you really think Tom will come back to Australia?
Do you really think Tom will come back to Boston?
Do you really think Tom will cry?
Do you really think Tom will die?
Do you really think Tom will do that?
Do you really think Tom will get deported?
Do you really think Tom will help us do that?
Do you really think Tom will help us?
Do you really think Tom will help you?
Do you really think Tom will home on Monday?
Do you really think Tom will let you dance with John?
Do you really think Tom will let you do that?
Do you really think Tom will let you drive?
Do you really think Tom will let you help Mary?
Do you really think Tom will let you help him?
Do you really think Tom will want to go with us?
Do you really think Tom will win?
Do you really think Tom would allow that to happen?
Do you really think Tom would allow you to do that?
Do you really think Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that?
Do you really think Tom would do that?
Do you really think Tom would forget something like that?
Do you really think Tom would go out with me?
Do you really think Tom would go with us?
Do you really think Tom would help us?
Do you really think Tom would help you?
Do you really think Tom would know what to do?
Do you really think Tom would lie about something like that?
Do you really think Tom would like this?
Do you really think Tom would permit you to do that?
Do you really think Tom would want one of these?
Do you really think Tom would've been able to do that by himself?
Do you really think Tom wouldn't like this?
Do you really think Tom's speech was interesting?
Do you really think Tom's wounds are self-inflicted?
Do you really think anybody is listening?
Do you really think anybody will vote for you?
Do you really think anyone is listening?
Do you really think anyone will vote for you?
Do you really think anything will change?
Do you really think baseball is more popular than basketball?
Do you really think cats are smarter than dogs?
Do you really think doing that would be a good idea?
Do you really think doing that would be beneficial?
Do you really think doing that would be boring?
Do you really think doing that would be dangerous?
Do you really think doing that would be depressing?
Do you really think doing that would be easy?
Do you really think doing that would be enjoyable?
Do you really think doing that would be expensive?
Do you really think doing that would be foolish?
Do you really think doing that would be fun?
Do you really think doing that would be impossible?
Do you really think doing that would be interesting?
Do you really think doing that would be risky?
Do you really think doing that would be safe?
Do you really think doing that would be silly?
Do you really think doing that would be smart?
Do you really think doing that would be stupid?
Do you really think doing that would be unethical?
Do you really think doing that would be wise?
Do you really think doing that would be worthwhile?
Do you really think doing that would be wrong?
Do you really think doing that would help?
Do you really think fish don't feel pain?
Do you really think he could have had something to do with the murder?
Do you really think it helps?
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Do you really think it was Tom who gave Mary that black eye?
Do you really think it will destroy my reputation?
Do you really think it will help?
Do you really think it won't happen?
Do you really think it would be cheap to do that?
Do you really think it would be dangerous to do that?
Do you really think it would be depressing to do that?
Do you really think it would be difficult to do that?
Do you really think it would be easy to do that?
Do you really think it would be enjoyable to do that?
Do you really think it would be expensive to do that?
Do you really think it would be foolish to do that?
Do you really think it would be hard to do that?
Do you really think it would be impossible to do that?
Do you really think it would be interesting to do that?
Do you really think it would be possible to do that?
Do you really think it would be ridiculous to do that?
Do you really think it would be risky to do that?
Do you really think it would be romantic to do that?
Do you really think it would be safe to do that?
Do you really think it would be silly to do that?
Do you really think it would be smart to do that?
Do you really think it would be stupid to do that?
Do you really think it would be tiring to do that?
Do you really think it would be tough to do that?
Do you really think it would be unethical to do that?
Do you really think it would be unsafe to do that?
Do you really think it would be wise to do that?
Do you really think it would be wrong to do that?
Do you really think it would safe to do that?
Do you really think it wouldn't be difficult to do that?
Do you really think it wouldn't be hard to do that?
Do you really think it'll be difficult to do that?
Do you really think it'll be easy to do that?
Do you really think it'll be hard to do that?
Do you really think it'll be possible?
Do you really think it'll help?
Do you really think it'll snow tomorrow?
Do you really think it'll work?
Do you really think it's a good idea for you to agree to do that?
Do you really think it's a good idea to agree to do that?
Do you really think it's appropriate to put a sentence like that on Tatoeba?
Do you really think it's bad?
Do you really think it's dangerous to do that?
Do you really think it's depressing to do that?
Do you really think it's difficult to do that?
Do you really think it's easy to do that?
Do you really think it's enjoyable to do that?
Do you really think it's foolish to do that?
Do you really think it's hard to do that?
Do you really think it's important?
Do you really think it's impossible to do that?
Do you really think it's impossible?
Do you really think it's necessary?
Do you really think it's no good?
Do you really think it's possible to do that?
Do you really think it's possible?
Do you really think it's risky to do that?
Do you really think it's safe to do that?
Do you really think it's safe to drink this water?
Do you really think it's safe?
Do you really think it's silly to do that?
Do you really think it's smart to do that?
Do you really think it's spoiled?
Do you really think it's stupid to do that?
Do you really think it's that bad?
Do you really think it's that simple?
Do you really think it's unethical to do that?
Do you really think it's unsafe to do that?
Do you really think it's wise to do that?
Do you really think it's worth doing?
Do you really think it's worth it?
Do you really think it's worth the price they're asking?
Do you really think it's wrong to do that?
Do you really think it’s bad?
Do you really think it’s no good?
Do you really think it’s over?
Do you really think money will bring you happiness?
Do you really think one of our employees stole it?
Do you really think people still do that?
Do you really think she won't like my gift?
Do you really think she'd go out with me?
Do you really think so?
Do you really think somebody would do that?
Do you really think someone would do that?
Do you really think that Algeria is a country?
Do you really think that I can do it?
Do you really think that I can do this?
Do you really think that I don't know what to do?
Do you really think that I don't know what you did?
Do you really think that I had something to do with that?
Do you really think that I hate you so much?
Do you really think that I look like Tom?
Do you really think that I should do that?
Do you really think that I want that?
Do you really think that I want to do what I do?
Do you really think that I will simply watch you walk into trouble? I'd close my eyes.
Do you really think that I'd rather live in Boston than Chicago?
Do you really think that I'm going to help you?
Do you really think that I'm going to kiss you?
Do you really think that I'm going to let you do that?
Do you really think that I'm here to listen to your never ending story?
Do you really think that I'm that gullible?
Do you really think that I'm the one who makes the rules?
Do you really think that I'm the one who should do that?
Do you really think that I'm the one who should help Tom?
Do you really think that Islam is a religion of peace? But what is a religion, really?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary are healthy?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary are homesick?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary are safe?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary will get married?
Do you really think that Tom can convince Mary to do that?
Do you really think that Tom can do that?
Do you really think that Tom can help us?
Do you really think that Tom could've done that by himself?
Do you really think that Tom deserves it?
Do you really think that Tom didn't do that?
Do you really think that Tom didn't win?
Do you really think that Tom doesn't know what to do?
Do you really think that Tom doesn't need to do that?
Do you really think that Tom had nothing to do with what happened?
Do you really think that Tom has to do that?
Do you really think that Tom is ambitious?
Do you really think that Tom is amused by what's going on?
Do you really think that Tom is better than I am?
Do you really think that Tom is better than me?
Do you really think that Tom is blind?
Do you really think that Tom is bored?
Do you really think that Tom is cold?
Do you really think that Tom is courageous?
Do you really think that Tom is cute?
Do you really think that Tom is desperate?
Do you really think that Tom is determined to do that?
Do you really think that Tom is disgusted?
Do you really think that Tom is disorganized?
Do you really think that Tom is done?
Do you really think that Tom is exhausted?
Do you really think that Tom is fast?
Do you really think that Tom is fat?
Do you really think that Tom is forgetful?
Do you really think that Tom is from Australia?
Do you really think that Tom is full?
Do you really think that Tom is going to believe me?
Do you really think that Tom is happy?
Do you really think that Tom is helpless?
Do you really think that Tom is here?
Do you really think that Tom is high?
Do you really think that Tom is home?
Do you really think that Tom is horrified?
Do you really think that Tom is in Australia?
Do you really think that Tom is influential?
Do you really think that Tom is insecure?
Do you really think that Tom is intrigued?
Do you really think that Tom is irresistible?
Do you really think that Tom is irresponsible?
Do you really think that Tom is irritated?
Do you really think that Tom is mean?
Do you really think that Tom is overconfident?
Do you really think that Tom is overworked?
Do you really think that Tom is resourceful?
Do you really think that Tom is scary?
Do you really think that Tom is single?
Do you really think that Tom is stoned?
Do you really think that Tom is stranded?
Do you really think that Tom is strange?
Do you really think that Tom is strict?
Do you really think that Tom is tense?
Do you really think that Tom is the best French speaker in your class?
Do you really think that Tom is undecided?
Do you really think that Tom is unethical?
Do you really think that Tom is unkind?
Do you really think that Tom is weak?
Do you really think that Tom is well?
Do you really think that Tom knows what he's doing?
Do you really think that Tom likes Mary?
Do you really think that Tom needs to do that?
Do you really think that Tom told Mary the truth?
Do you really think that Tom was astonished?
Do you really think that Tom was puzzled?
Do you really think that Tom will be able to help Mary?
Do you really think that Tom will be deported?
Do you really think that Tom will be reasonable?
Do you really think that Tom will believe us?
Do you really think that Tom will come back here?
Do you really think that Tom will come back to Australia?
Do you really think that Tom will do that?
Do you really think that Tom will get deported?
Do you really think that Tom will help you?
Do you really think that Tom will let you do that?
Do you really think that Tom will want to go with us?
Do you really think that Tom won't come?
Do you really think that Tom won't go?
Do you really think that Tom would believe that?
Do you really think that Tom would help you?
Do you really think that Tom would've been able to do that by himself?
Do you really think that adding "-ation" to the end of a word suddenly makes it an English word?
Do you really think that baseball is more popular than basketball?
Do you really think that could happen?
Do you really think that duck face is cute?
Do you really think that fish don't feel pain?
Do you really think that if I could help you, I wouldn't?
Do you really think that it was Tom who gave Mary that black eye?
Do you really think that it won't happen?
Do you really think that it'll be easy to do that?
Do you really think that it'll work?
Do you really think that it's bad?
Do you really think that it’s bad?
Do you really think that kind of thing can be done?
Do you really think that little of me?
Do you really think that one of our employees stole it?
Do you really think that our team can win?
Do you really think that she is a virgin?
Do you really think that that could happen?
Do you really think that that is absolutely necessary?
Do you really think that that really happened?
Do you really think that that would happen?
Do you really think that that would work?
Do you really think that that'll happen again?
Do you really think that that'll happen?
Do you really think that that's absolutely necessary?
Do you really think that that's going to work?
Do you really think that this is OK?
Do you really think that this looks good?
Do you really think that this painting is beautiful?
Do you really think that this will ruin my reputation?
Do you really think that was what Tom and Mary were up to?
Do you really think that was what Tom wanted to do?
Do you really think that was what Tom wanted you to do?
Do you really think that was what Tom wanted?
Do you really think that was what Tom was up to?
Do you really think that we can do that without Tom's help?
Do you really think that we can do that?
Do you really think that we don't have to do that?
Do you really think that we have a chance to win?
Do you really think that we should do that?
Do you really think that we're that stupid?
Do you really think that what Tom did was OK?
Do you really think that what Tom did was wrong?
Do you really think that would happen?
Do you really think that would work?
Do you really think that you are better than me, Tom? No, you aren't.
Do you really think that you can do better?
Do you really think that you can do that by yourself?
Do you really think that you can do that by yourselves?
Do you really think that you can do that without any help?
Do you really think that you can do that without our help?
Do you really think that you can do that?
Do you really think that you can do this?
Do you really think that you need one of those?
Do you really think that you should be taking advice from someone like Tom?
Do you really think that you're fooling anybody?
Do you really think that your parents will let you go to Australia by yourself?
Do you really think that your plan is realistic?
Do you really think that your plans are realistic?
Do you really think that'll happen again?
Do you really think that'll happen?
Do you really think that'll help?
Do you really think that'll work?
Do you really think that's a good idea?
Do you really think that's absolutely necessary?
Do you really think that's fair?
Do you really think that's funny?
Do you really think that's going to happen?
Do you really think that's going to work?
Do you really think that's necessary?
Do you really think that's the case?
Do you really think that's true?
Do you really think that's wise?
Do you really think that?
Do you really think they'll attack?
Do you really think they're married?
Do you really think this is OK?
Do you really think this is a good idea?
Do you really think this is a good location for a store?
Do you really think this is funny?
Do you really think this is going to work?
Do you really think this is the time?
Do you really think this is what I want?
Do you really think this is worth thirty dollars?
Do you really think this looks good?
Do you really think this water is safe to drink?
Do you really think this will ruin my reputation?
Do you really think this will work?
Do you really think those kinds of videos are entertaining?
Do you really think we can afford it?
Do you really think we can do that without Tom's help?
Do you really think we can do that?
Do you really think we can do this without Tom's help?
Do you really think we can help?
Do you really think we can win?
Do you really think we don't have to do that?
Do you really think we don't need to do that?
Do you really think we have a chance to win?
Do you really think we should be doing this?
Do you really think we should do that?
Do you really think we shouldn't be doing this?
Do you really think we would let that pass?
Do you really think we'll find Tom?
Do you really think we'll find something out there?
Do you really think we'll find what we're looking for?
Do you really think we'll get it?
Do you really think we're going to lose?
Do you really think we're that gullible?
Do you really think we're that stupid?
Do you really think we’ll get it?
Do you really think what you're wearing is appropriate?
Do you really think women lie more than men?
Do you really think you can be here by 2:30?
Do you really think you can buy my friendship?
Do you really think you can control Tom?
Do you really think you can convince Tom to buy that for you?
Do you really think you can convince Tom to buy you that?
Do you really think you can convince Tom to do that?
Do you really think you can convince Tom to help you?
Do you really think you can do better?
Do you really think you can do that by yourself?
Do you really think you can do that by yourselves?
Do you really think you can do that without any help?
Do you really think you can do that without our help?
Do you really think you can do that?
Do you really think you can do this?
Do you really think you can drink that whole bottle of wine by yourself?
Do you really think you can get away with this?
Do you really think you can help?
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
Do you really think you can run as fast as me?
Do you really think you can sell that stuff?
Do you really think you can sing better than Tom?
Do you really think you can stop me from doing that?
Do you really think you can swim to the other side of this lake?
Do you really think you can take care of yourself?
Do you really think you can take care of yourselves?
Do you really think you can win?
Do you really think you could fool us?
Do you really think you could help?
Do you really think you have to do that?
Do you really think you need one of those?
Do you really think you need one?
Do you really think you need to do that?
Do you really think you ought to be drinking coffee so late in the day?
Do you really think you should be doing that right now?
Do you really think you should be taking advice from someone like Tom?
Do you really think you should drink that?
Do you really think you'll be able to do that?
Do you really think you'll get away with an excuse like that?
Do you really think you're better than me?
Do you really think you're going to win?
Do you really think you're invincible?
Do you really think you're irresistible?
Do you really think you're the first one to ask me that question?
Do you really think you're the only one here who can speak French?
Do you really think your parents will let you go to Australia by yourself?
Do you really think your parents will let you go to Boston by yourself?
Do you really trust Tom?
Do you really trust her?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust me?
Do you really trust them?
Do you really trust us?
Do you really walk to work every morning?
Do you really wanna talk about this now?
Do you really want Mary in your team?
Do you really want Tom in your team?
Do you really want Tom on your team?
Do you really want Tom to dance?
Do you really want Tom to die?
Do you really want Tom to do that?
Do you really want Tom to do this for you?
Do you really want Tom to go to Boston with you?
Do you really want Tom to help?
Do you really want Tom to leave?
Do you really want Tom to suffer?
Do you really want Tom to win?
Do you really want a cup of coffee this late at night?
Do you really want a job in the same office as Tom?
Do you really want another dog?
Do you really want it?
Do you really want me to be frank?
Do you really want me to buy this for you?
Do you really want me to buy you that?
Do you really want me to come to your party?
Do you really want me to dance with you?
Do you really want me to do that?
Do you really want me to do this?
Do you really want me to drink that?
Do you really want me to give a speech?
Do you really want me to give away all your stuff?
Do you really want me to give your computer to Tom?
Do you really want me to go right now?
Do you really want me to go there right now?
Do you really want me to go to Australia with you?
Do you really want me to go to Boston with you?
Do you really want me to go?
Do you really want me to help you?
Do you really want me to help?
Do you really want me to leave?
Do you really want me to sing?
Do you really want me to spy on Tom?
Do you really want me to start?
Do you really want me to tell Tom about you and Mary?
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
Do you really want me to tell Tom?
Do you really want me to tell her?
Do you really want me to tell him?
Do you really want me to tell you what I think?
Do you really want somebody else to do that?
Do you really want someone else to do it?
Do you really want someone else to do that?
Do you really want that house?
Do you really want that on your conscience?
Do you really want that?
Do you really want this information to be made public?
Do you really want this?
Do you really want to be a soldier?
Do you really want to be here when Tom and Mary get here?
Do you really want to be here when Tom gets here?
Do you really want to be here?
Do you really want to be immortal?
Do you really want to be left alone?
Do you really want to be like Tom?
Do you really want to be on the team?
Do you really want to be out there?
Do you really want to break my heart?
Do you really want to break up with your girlfriend?
Do you really want to bring all that up again?
Do you really want to buy a car now?
Do you really want to buy a computer from this store?
Do you really want to buy all this stuff?
Do you really want to buy anything from Tom?
Do you really want to change?
Do you really want to close it?
Do you really want to come with me?
Do you really want to confide your secrets in this man?
Do you really want to dance with me?
Do you really want to dance?
Do you really want to do that again?
Do you really want to do that all that much?
Do you really want to do that by yourself?
Do you really want to do that here?
Do you really want to do that now?
Do you really want to do that today?
Do you really want to do that?
Do you really want to do this now?
Do you really want to do this right now?
Do you really want to do this?
Do you really want to drink that?
Do you really want to drive all night?
Do you really want to drop out of high school?
Do you really want to eat now?
Do you really want to eat out tonight?
Do you really want to eat that junk food?
Do you really want to eat that?
Do you really want to fight me?
Do you really want to fight?
Do you really want to found a political party for the rights of bald people?
Do you really want to get married?
Do you really want to get more done?
Do you really want to go back to Boston?
Do you really want to go back?
Do you really want to go home now?
Do you really want to go see that monument? It's in the middle of nowhere.
Do you really want to go there?
Do you really want to go to Algiers?
Do you really want to go to Australia again?
Do you really want to go to Australia by yourself?
Do you really want to go to Australia with me?
Do you really want to go to Australia?
Do you really want to go to Boston again?
Do you really want to go to Boston by yourself?
Do you really want to go to Boston with Tom?
Do you really want to go to Boston with me?
Do you really want to go to Boston?
Do you really want to go to Germany?
Do you really want to go to the party with Tom?
Do you really want to go to the pep rally?
Do you really want to go?
Do you really want to have children?
Do you really want to have kids?
Do you really want to hear my opinion?
Do you really want to help Tom?
Do you really want to help her?
Do you really want to help him?
Do you really want to help me?
Do you really want to help the poor?
Do you really want to help them?
Do you really want to help us?
Do you really want to help?
Do you really want to keep washing dishes for the rest of your life?
Do you really want to know how tough I am?
Do you really want to know if Tom and Mary like you?
Do you really want to know if Tom likes you?
Do you really want to know that?
Do you really want to know the truth?
Do you really want to know what I think?
Do you really want to know what I want?
Do you really want to know what happened?
Do you really want to know where Tom and Mary are?
Do you really want to know where Tom is?
Do you really want to know where we went?
Do you really want to know why I didn't do what you asked me to do?
Do you really want to know why Tom and Mary don't like you?
Do you really want to know why Tom doesn't like you?
Do you really want to know?
Do you really want to lead this kind of life?
Do you really want to learn another language?
Do you really want to leave Australia tomorrow?
Do you really want to leave Boston tomorrow?
Do you really want to leave London not having visited the National Gallery?
Do you really want to leave london without visiting the national gallery?
Do you really want to live forever?
Do you really want to live in Boston?
Do you really want to live in a hotel?
Do you really want to lose weight?
Do you really want to make some money?
Do you really want to make your boyfriend jealous?
Do you really want to marry her?
Do you really want to marry him?
Do you really want to marry me?
Do you really want to move back to Boston?
Do you really want to move downtown?
Do you really want to move to Algiers?
Do you really want to move to Boston again?
Do you really want to move to Boston?
Do you really want to pitch your tent this close to the river?
Do you really want to put your life in her hands?
Do you really want to put your money in that bank?
Do you really want to quit school?
Do you really want to quit your job?
Do you really want to quit?
Do you really want to raise these children by yourself?
Do you really want to risk being stuck out here by yourself?
Do you really want to risk it?
Do you really want to risk that?
Do you really want to run your own business?
Do you really want to see Tom cry?
Do you really want to see a French film?
Do you really want to see me?
Do you really want to sell our house?
Do you really want to sell your guitar?
Do you really want to sell your house right now?
Do you really want to send Mary flowers?
Do you really want to shut it down?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in Australia?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in Boston?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with Tom?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with him?
Do you really want to stay for another three days?
Do you really want to stay here for a week?
Do you really want to stay until Monday?
Do you really want to stay young forever?
Do you really want to stay?
Do you really want to stop?
Do you really want to take advice from somebody like Tom?
Do you really want to talk about Tom?
Do you really want to talk about that now?
Do you really want to talk to me?
Do you really want to trust Tom with proofreading your essay?
Do you really want to visit Algiers?
Do you really want to vote for Tom?
Do you really want to wait a year?
Do you really want to wait for Tom?
Do you really want to wait for two hours?
Do you really want to wait till Tom and Mary show up?
Do you really want to wait till Tom shows up?
Do you really want to wake Tom up?
Do you really want to walk to Tom's house?
Do you really want to walk?
Do you really want to wear that?
Do you really want to win?
Do you really want to work at that company?
Do you really want to work for an ex-convict?
Do you really want to work in Boston?
Do you really want to work with us?
Do you really want us to do that?
Do you really wish to do that?
Do you recall me at all?
Do you recall that?
Do you recall the loud noise the gun made?
Do you recall the point at which you decided to do that?
Do you recall what happened last year on your birthday?
Do you reckon Tom will agree to do that?
Do you reckon humans will cause their own extinction?
Do you reckon?
Do you recognise it?
Do you recognise the person in this picture?
Do you recognise this writing?
Do you recognise your brother's handwriting here?
Do you recognize any of the names on this list?
Do you recognize any of them?
Do you recognize any of these men?
Do you recognize any of these names?
Do you recognize any of this jewelry?
Do you recognize any of those men?
Do you recognize any of those people?
Do you recognize anyone?
Do you recognize anything here?
Do you recognize anything?
Do you recognize him?
Do you recognize it?
Do you recognize me?
Do you recognize my voice?
Do you recognize that girl?
Do you recognize that guy?
Do you recognize that man?
Do you recognize that person?
Do you recognize that woman?
Do you recognize the handwriting on these two sheets?
Do you recognize the language that they're speaking?
Do you recognize the man in this photo?
Do you recognize the man in this picture?
Do you recognize the person in this picture?
Do you recognize them?
Do you recognize these men?
Do you recognize these?
Do you recognize this Berber book?
Do you recognize this T-shirt?
Do you recognize this handwriting?
Do you recognize this key?
Do you recognize this place?
Do you recognize this tune?
Do you recognize this?
Do you recognize those men?
Do you recognize those people?
Do you recognize those women?
Do you recommend buying gold?
Do you recommend doing that?
Do you recommend this restaurant?
Do you record your calls?
Do you recycle?
Do you refer to me?
Do you reflect on your accomplishments?
Do you reflect on your journey?
Do you refuse to accept this reality?
Do you refuse to go with us?
Do you refuse to leave with us?
Do you regard the situation as serious?
Do you regret anything?
Do you regret doing that?
Do you regret getting that tattoo?
Do you regret having done that?
Do you regret having had your hair cut?
Do you regret it?
Do you regret lying to Tom about that?
Do you regret lying to Tom?
Do you regret marrying me?
Do you regret not doing that earlier?
Do you regret not doing that sooner?
Do you regret not leaving?
Do you regret that?
Do you regret the fact that you married me?
Do you regret what happened last night?
Do you regret what happened?
Do you regret what you did?
Do you regularly call your parents?
Do you regularly exercise?
Do you regularly experience dry mouth?
Do you regularly have nosebleeds?
Do you regularly have sinus issues?
Do you regularly make your bed?
Do you regularly perform self-breast examinations?
Do you regularly read the Bible?
Do you regularly use any assistive devices for walking?
Do you remember 2013?
Do you remember Algeria?
Do you remember Charles?
Do you remember Gizmo in the Gremlins?
Do you remember Maria's maiden name?
Do you remember Mary's maiden name?
Do you remember Mennad?
Do you remember Mr Saito?
Do you remember Mr. Saito?
Do you remember Skura?
Do you remember Tom Jackson?
Do you remember Tom threatening us?
Do you remember Tom's address?
Do you remember Tom's last name?
Do you remember Tom's password?
Do you remember Tom's purple sports car?
Do you remember Tom's telephone number?
Do you remember Tom?
Do you remember Yanni?
Do you remember Ziri?
Do you remember a guy named Tom?
Do you remember all of their names?
Do you remember any of this?
Do you remember any words in Finnish?
Do you remember anything Tom said?
Do you remember anything at all?
Do you remember anything else?
Do you remember anything from back then?
Do you remember anything odd happening at the picnic?
Do you remember anything?
Do you remember borrowing Tom's book?
Do you remember borrowing his book?
Do you remember bumping into Tom?
Do you remember buying me lunch?
Do you remember everything?
Do you remember faces easily?
Do you remember helping Tom?
Do you remember her last name?
Do you remember her name?
Do you remember her phone number?
Do you remember her?
Do you remember him?
Do you remember his last name?
Do you remember his name?
Do you remember his phone number?
Do you remember his telephone number?
Do you remember hitting Tom?
Do you remember how I died?
Do you remember how I got this scar?
Do you remember how Tom reacted the first time that you told him you and Mary were hanging out together?
Do you remember how Tom reacted the first time you told him you and Mary were hanging out together?
Do you remember how Tom used to be?
Do you remember how Tom was when he was a teenager?
Do you remember how amazing Tom was at dancing?
Do you remember how angry Tom got when I said that?
Do you remember how angry Tom was when I said that?
Do you remember how flowers smell?
Do you remember how good Tom was at playing the guitar?
Do you remember how it all began?
Do you remember how it felt when the same thing happened to you?
Do you remember how it used to be in those days?
Do you remember how many apples were in the box?
Do you remember how many people there were?
Do you remember how many people were there?
Do you remember how many there were?
Do you remember how much I loved you?
Do you remember how much everything cost?
Do you remember how much it cost?
Do you remember how much this basket cost?
Do you remember how much this cost?
Do you remember how much you paid for this?
Do you remember how much you sold that painting for?
Do you remember how nice it used to be at home?
Do you remember how our love started?
Do you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Do you remember how slow the Internet was?
Do you remember how slow the internet used to be?
Do you remember how the last episode ended?
Do you remember how things used to be?
Do you remember how this movie ends?
Do you remember how to do that?
Do you remember how to do this?
Do you remember how to get to Tom's house?
Do you remember how to get to my house?
Do you remember how we got here?
Do you remember how we met?
Do you remember how you felt when you heard about that?
Do you remember if Tom did that?
Do you remember in which year that was?
Do you remember it fondly?
Do you remember it?
Do you remember last night?
Do you remember last year's Halloween party?
Do you remember me playing the piano?
Do you remember me?
Do you remember meeting me before?
Do you remember my brother Henry?
Do you remember my cousin Tom?
Do you remember my name?
Do you remember my partners, Tom and Mary?
Do you remember my poem?
Do you remember our being stuck in the snow with the car last winter?
Do you remember our dates?
Do you remember our first date?
Do you remember our first kiss?
Do you remember our house in Boston?
Do you remember our meetings?
Do you remember our old apartment?
Do you remember our old flat?
Do you remember our wedding?
Do you remember punching Tom?
Do you remember saying that?
Do you remember seeing me before?
Do you remember seeing the movie together before?
Do you remember talking to Tom?
Do you remember talking to her?
Do you remember talking to him?
Do you remember talking to me?
Do you remember talking to them?
Do you remember that Canadian guy named Tom Jackson?
Do you remember that Canadian guy named Tom?
Do you remember that French guy Jenny used to go out with?
Do you remember that baffling murder case?
Do you remember that big black dog that I used to have?
Do you remember that day?
Do you remember that girl I talked to you about?
Do you remember that girl I told you about?
Do you remember that girl, who walked over there towards us?
Do you remember that guy I talked to you about?
Do you remember that man's name?
Do you remember that music venue that used to be there?
Do you remember that night?
Do you remember that shop?
Do you remember that song that they had played on the radio?
Do you remember that store?
Do you remember that story Tom used to tell us?
Do you remember that story about Tom Jackson?
Do you remember that stray cat with a bobtail that used to come into our yard and meow for food?
Do you remember that time our house almost burned down?
Do you remember that time?
Do you remember that we had a phone with a rotary dial?
Do you remember that?
Do you remember the Y2K bug?
Do you remember the agents in the Matrix?
Do you remember the aliens in Independence Day?
Do you remember the anecdote the captain told yesterday afternoon?
Do you remember the code?
Do you remember the conversation we had yesterday?
Do you remember the day that this picture was taken?
Do you remember the day that we met?
Do you remember the day this picture was taken?
Do you remember the day we met?
Do you remember the day when we first met Dick?
Do you remember the day when we first met Tom?
Do you remember the day when we first met?
Do you remember the day when we met each other for the first time?
Do you remember the day when we met first?
Do you remember the day when we saw the accident?
Do you remember the day when we were playing as kids, playing with barefeet, the world was happy with us?
Do you remember the day when you and I first met?
Do you remember the dinosaurs in Jurassic Park?
Do you remember the earthquake that struck Armenia in 1988?
Do you remember the exact number?
Do you remember the first name of your grandmother? - No, I just always called her granny.
Do you remember the first time I came here?
Do you remember the first time I kissed you?
Do you remember the first time that I came here?
Do you remember the first time that I kissed you?
Do you remember the first time that we met?
Do you remember the first time that we spoke to each other?
Do you remember the first time that we went out together?
Do you remember the first time that we went swimming together?
Do you remember the first time that we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time that we went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went out together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went swimming together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time that you did that?
Do you remember the first time that you kissed me?
Do you remember the first time that you saw me?
Do you remember the first time that you saw one of those?
Do you remember the first time that you saw this movie?
Do you remember the first time that you talked to Tom?
Do you remember the first time we danced together?
Do you remember the first time we kissed?
Do you remember the first time we met?
Do you remember the first time we spoke to each other?
Do you remember the first time we went out together?
Do you remember the first time we went swimming together?
Do you remember the first time we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time we went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time you and I went out together?
Do you remember the first time you and I went swimming together?
Do you remember the first time you and I went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time you and I went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time you did that?
Do you remember the first time you kissed Marika?
Do you remember the first time you kissed me?
Do you remember the first time you kissed your wife?
Do you remember the first time you saw me?
Do you remember the first time you saw one of those?
Do you remember the first time you saw this movie?
Do you remember the first time you talked to Tom?
Do you remember the first time you were arrested?
Do you remember the first time?
Do you remember the food we shared together?
Do you remember the last time we did this?
Do you remember the last time you saw Tom?
Do you remember the man who offered you the bicycle?
Do you remember the mysterious murder?
Do you remember the mysterious murderer?
Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?
Do you remember the name of the person that we're supposed to meet?
Do you remember the name of the station that we're supposed to get off at?
Do you remember the name of the store where you bought that?
Do you remember the name of your first French teacher?
Do you remember the name of your first French textbook?
Do you remember the name of your first grade teacher?
Do you remember the name of your first teacher?
Do you remember the night Tom died?
Do you remember the night Tom was born?
Do you remember the night when we first met?
Do you remember the night you were attacked?
Do you remember the oath you took?
Do you remember the password?
Do you remember the place where we first met?
Do you remember the question?
Do you remember the second lesson?
Do you remember the smell of flowers?
Do you remember the story about Tom and Mary?
Do you remember the time that we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the time that you and I went hiking together?
Do you remember the time we spent together in Boston?
Do you remember the time we went kayaking?
Do you remember the time we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the time we went to Boston together?
Do you remember the time we went to Paris?
Do you remember the time we went to the zoo together when we were kids?
Do you remember the time when we were children, and travelled on a train?
Do you remember the time you and I went hiking together?
Do you remember the time you and I went to the zoo together when you and I were in elementary school?
Do you remember the time you were in your mother's belly?
Do you remember the title of that book?
Do you remember the title of that movie we saw together last month?
Do you remember the title or the author's name?
Do you remember the town he was born in?
Do you remember the town in which he was born?
Do you remember the town where Tom was born?
Do you remember the town where he was born?
Do you remember the way Tom used to be?
Do you remember the year I missed Yennayer?
Do you remember their phone number?
Do you remember them?
Do you remember this bridge?
Do you remember this game?
Do you remember this movie?
Do you remember this one?
Do you remember this song?
Do you remember this?
Do you remember those guys?
Do you remember us?
Do you remember what Cathy was wearing at the party?
Do you remember what Dda Yidir said?
Do you remember what I promised you?
Do you remember what I said before?
Do you remember what I said to you the first time we met?
Do you remember what I said yesterday?
Do you remember what I said?
Do you remember what I showed you?
Do you remember what I taught you?
Do you remember what I told you before?
Do you remember what I told you the last time we met?
Do you remember what I told you yesterday?
Do you remember what I told you?
Do you remember what I was wearing the first time we met?
Do you remember what I'm called?
Do you remember what Kathy had on at the party?
Do you remember what Muhammad Ali used to say?
Do you remember what Tom and Mary were wearing yesterday?
Do you remember what Tom and Mary were wearing?
Do you remember what Tom looked like before the plastic surgery?
Do you remember what Tom looked like?
Do you remember what Tom looks like?
Do you remember what Tom said?
Do you remember what Tom told us just before he left?
Do you remember what Tom told you?
Do you remember what Tom was like?
Do you remember what Tom was wearing the first time you met him?
Do you remember what Tom was wearing yesterday?
Do you remember what Tom was wearing?
Do you remember what Tom wore to your wedding?
Do you remember what appointments we have on Monday?
Do you remember what classes we have on Monday?
Do you remember what cost what?
Do you remember what day it is today?
Do you remember what day of the week Blue Sky Sports is closed?
Do you remember what everything cost?
Do you remember what flowers smell like?
Do you remember what happened after that?
Do you remember what happened after your birthday party?
Do you remember what happened at our last meeting?
Do you remember what happened at the Christmas party last year?
Do you remember what happened here in 2013?
Do you remember what happened here in October of 2013?
Do you remember what happened here last year at this time?
Do you remember what happened here last year?
Do you remember what happened here on October 20, 2013?
Do you remember what happened last Halloween?
Do you remember what happened last October?
Do you remember what happened last night?
Do you remember what happened last summer when we tried doing this?
Do you remember what happened last time?
Do you remember what happened last year at this time?
Do you remember what happened last year?
Do you remember what happened next?
Do you remember what happened on this day last year?
Do you remember what happened that day?
Do you remember what happened the day I met you?
Do you remember what happened to Tom when he tried doing that?
Do you remember what happened to Tom?
Do you remember what happened to you?
Do you remember what happened?
Do you remember what he said?
Do you remember what he was saying?
Do you remember what he was wearing?
Do you remember what it was like?
Do you remember what she said?
Do you remember what she was like?
Do you remember what she was wearing?
Do you remember what song it was that Tom sang at our wedding?
Do you remember what that was about?
Do you remember what the attacker looked like?
Do you remember what the first book you read was?
Do you remember what the girl who was with me last night was wearing?
Do you remember what the movie the first movie you saw was?
Do you remember what they were wearing?
Do you remember what this thing's called?
Do you remember what time Mary said she'd be here?
Do you remember what time Tom and Mary said they'd be here?
Do you remember what time Tom got here?
Do you remember what time Tom said he'd be here?
Do you remember what time it was when you heard the explosion?
Do you remember what time we were supposed to be there?
Do you remember what time you did that?
Do you remember what time you woke up this morning?
Do you remember what to do?
Do you remember what we have on Wednesdays?
Do you remember what we have to do on Monday?
Do you remember what we talked about?
Do you remember what we used to say about Tom?
Do you remember what year that was?
Do you remember what you did last Friday?
Do you remember what you did last Monday?
Do you remember what you promised me?
Do you remember what you said to me?
Do you remember what you said?
Do you remember what you saw there?
Do you remember what you saw?
Do you remember what you told Tom?
Do you remember what you told me before?
Do you remember what you told me?
Do you remember what you were doing that afternoon?
Do you remember what you were going to say before you were interrupted?
Do you remember what you were watching?
Do you remember what you were wearing the first time I met you?
Do you remember what you were wearing the first time that I met you?
Do you remember what you were wearing when you first met Tom?
Do you remember what you wore on your first date?
Do you remember what your attacker looked like?
Do you remember when Bouteflika came to power in 1999?
Do you remember when I made you laugh? We had so much fun, didn't we?
Do you remember when I saw you last?
Do you remember when Mary said she did that?
Do you remember when Mary said she wanted to do that?
Do you remember when Mary said she was planning on doing that?
Do you remember when Mary said she was planning to do that?
Do you remember when Tom agreed to do that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary came here for the first time?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they did that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary were here last?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary were last here?
Do you remember when Tom did that?
Do you remember when Tom gave you that?
Do you remember when Tom said he did that?
Do you remember when Tom said he wanted to do that?
Do you remember when Tom said he was planning on doing that?
Do you remember when Tom said he was planning to do that?
Do you remember when Tom said that?
Do you remember when Tom was here last?
Do you remember when Tom was here?
Do you remember when Tom's birthday is?
Do you remember when her birthday is?
Do you remember when it was that you and I went to Boston together?
Do you remember when that happened?
Do you remember when that was?
Do you remember when we danced in Boston?
Do you remember when we did that?
Do you remember when we first met?
Do you remember when we made wooden bridges?
Do you remember when we met?
Do you remember when we used to do that?
Do you remember when we used to pick olives together?
Do you remember when we used to sing that song together?
Do you remember when we were kids?
Do you remember when you asked me to marry you?
Do you remember when you came to Algeria?
Do you remember when you did that?
Do you remember when you last saw Tom?
Do you remember when you lost to Tom?
Do you remember when you sold that painting?
Do you remember when your father's birthday is?
Do you remember where I put it?
Do you remember where Tom and Mary live?
Do you remember where Tom left his umbrella?
Do you remember where Tom lives?
Do you remember where Tom was born?
Do you remember where Tom works?
Do you remember where he left his umbrella?
Do you remember where it happened?
Do you remember where we camped three years ago?
Do you remember where we did that?
Do you remember where we first met each other?
Do you remember where we first met?
Do you remember where we met?
Do you remember where we parked the car?
Do you remember where we parked?
Do you remember where we went last Monday?
Do you remember where you and I first met?
Do you remember where you bought that?
Do you remember where you first met Tom?
Do you remember where you got that?
Do you remember where you heard that?
Do you remember where you hid it?
Do you remember where you last saw Tom?
Do you remember where you left your umbrella?
Do you remember where you met Tom?
Do you remember where you originated?
Do you remember where you put them?
Do you remember where you saw it?
Do you remember where you talked to Tom the first time?
Do you remember where you went?
Do you remember where you were on New Year's Day three years ago?
Do you remember where you were on Valentine's Day last year?
Do you remember where you were on your thirteenth birthday?
Do you remember where you were that afternoon?
Do you remember where you were the night Tom had his accident?
Do you remember where you were this time last year?
Do you remember where you were when you heard that news?
Do you remember whether Tom and Mary were there or not?
Do you remember whether Tom was there or not?
Do you remember which year it happened?
Do you remember who I am?
Do you remember who asked you?
Do you remember who contacted you?
Do you remember who did that?
Do you remember who told you that?
Do you remember who was there?
Do you remember who you are?
Do you remember who you heard that from?
Do you remember who you sold that Kabyle dress to?
Do you remember who you sold that painting to?
Do you remember who you were with that afternoon?
Do you remember who your first crush was?
Do you remember yet what you've promised me?
Do you remember your dreams?
Do you remember your father's birthday?
Do you remember your father’s birthday?
Do you remember your first grade teacher's name?
Do you remember your first kiss?
Do you remember your first teacher's name?
Do you remember your first teacher?
Do you remember your grandfather?
Do you remember your license plate number?
Do you remember your nightmares?
Do you remember your passport number?
Do you remember your password?
Do you remember your promise to me?
Do you remember your promise?
Do you remember?
Do you rent or own?
Do you request an extension?
Do you require a deposit?
Do you require a security deposit?
Do you require any further assistance?
Do you require anything else, Your Highness?
Do you require assistance, Your Grace?
Do you require assistance?
Do you require our help?
Do you resent being here?
Do you resent my being here?
Do you resent our being here?
Do you respect me?
Do you rest on Sundays?
Do you restock your coffee pots often?
Do you ride the train to work?
Do you ride your bicycle very often?
Do you rinse out your mouth immediately after brushing your teeth?
Do you rise with the sun’s light?
Do you rollerblade?
Do you run daily?
Do you run every day?
Do you run this place by yourself?
Do you run?
Do you sanitize your hands often?
Do you save money each month?
Do you say romantic things to your wife?
Do you say that because you're afraid?
Do you say that because you’re afraid?
Do you say that here?
Do you say that in the UK?
Do you say that to every woman?
Do you say that you don't want it?
Do you search for deeper meaning?
Do you see Natasha in the back row?
Do you see Sergei over there?
Do you see Tom anywhere?
Do you see Tom often?
Do you see Tom?
Do you see a bear now?
Do you see a big book?
Do you see a black horse?
Do you see a boat on the horizon?
Do you see a book?
Do you see a fox?
Do you see a garden?
Do you see a horse or a wolf?
Do you see a landmark?
Do you see a little fox?
Do you see a mountain of gold?
Do you see a pattern here?
Do you see a pattern?
Do you see a person or a wolf?
Do you see a person?
Do you see a portrait?
Do you see a queen?
Do you see a resemblance?
Do you see a rose?
Do you see a ship on the horizon?
Do you see a star?
Do you see a temple?
Do you see all those skeletons strewn around? Don't you think this fortune is unclaimed for a reason?
Do you see all those skeletons strewn around? Don’t you think this fortune is unclaimed for a reason?
Do you see all those spiders, too?
Do you see another exit?
Do you see any difference there?
Do you see any harm in me doing that?
Do you see any policeman over there?
Do you see any problems with that?
Do you see any problems with the project?
Do you see any problems with us not attending that meeting?
Do you see any prospect of solving this mystery, Mr. Holmes?
Do you see any scratches on the windshield?
Do you see any similarities?
Do you see any soldiers yet?
Do you see any stars in the sky?
Do you see anybody?
Do you see anyone here?
Do you see anyone inside?
Do you see anyone?
Do you see anything else?
Do you see anything in your crystal ball?
Do you see anything there?
Do you see anything wrong with that?
Do you see anything wrong with this picture?
Do you see anything you like?
Do you see anything you recognize?
Do you see anything?
Do you see art as a form of activism?
Do you see beauty in the Bauhaus-style or modern buildings ubiquitous in Earth's cities?
Do you see challenges as opportunities?
Do you see her anywhere?
Do you see her often?
Do you see him anywhere?
Do you see him often?
Do you see how the roof sags in the middle?
Do you see how the serfs work the ground?
Do you see it?
Do you see many people riding horses around here?
Do you see me as a human?
Do you see me as furious?
Do you see me in your dreams?
Do you see me?
Do you see much of Tom?
Do you see much of her?
Do you see much of him?
Do you see much of them?
Do you see my book?
Do you see my brother's lamb?
Do you see my car?
Do you see my dog?
Do you see my father?
Do you see my flower?
Do you see my hand?
Do you see my horse or your dog?
Do you see my horse?
Do you see my pen?
Do you see my point?
Do you see my rose?
Do you see my son?
Do you see our mother or your father?
Do you see patients on Saturdays?
Do you see people in the park?
Do you see potential in adversity?
Do you see potential in everything?
Do you see something interesting?
Do you see something?
Do you see sparrows around here?
Do you see that Kabyle dress?
Do you see that big book?
Do you see that boy over there?
Do you see that building over there?
Do you see that cabin?
Do you see that cat?
Do you see that cloud that almost looks like a camel?
Do you see that cute girl over there?
Do you see that cute guy over there?
Do you see that dog over there? Whose is it?
Do you see that fox?
Do you see that garden?
Do you see that girl over there?
Do you see that happening again?
Do you see that happening soon?
Do you see that he's happy?
Do you see that house? It's mine.
Do you see that house? It’s mine.
Do you see that house? That's my house.
Do you see that house? That’s my house.
Do you see that man over there?
Do you see that man? He's my husband.
Do you see that moustachioed man over there?
Do you see that over there?
Do you see that person over there?
Do you see that ship near the island?
Do you see that signpost there?
Do you see that small house?
Do you see that snail in the water?
Do you see that star?
Do you see that tall building over there?
Do you see that thing over there?
Do you see that woman over there?
Do you see that woman over there? She's Tom's wife.
Do you see that woman? She's my wife.
Do you see that you were going to lose anyways?
Do you see that?
Do you see that? Yanni likes you.
Do you see the Little Dipper?
Do you see the arch?
Do you see the battle?
Do you see the bear?
Do you see the beauty of this morning?
Do you see the big book?
Do you see the big, brown bear?
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
Do you see the black metal door? Behind it is a secret laboratory.
Do you see the black smoke over there?
Do you see the book?
Do you see the boy?
Do you see the bugs crawling on me?
Do you see the chamois?
Do you see the cloud in the shape of a camel?
Do you see the color? It means you're pregnant!
Do you see the connection?
Do you see the cross?
Do you see the crown?
Do you see the day?
Do you see the difference between Britain and England, America and the United States?
Do you see the difference?
Do you see the edge?
Do you see the elephant too?
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Do you see the father and the mother?
Do you see the fruit?
Do you see the garden?
Do you see the girl wearing a black silk dress? That's my daughter.
Do you see the girl with long black hair? She is my sister.
Do you see the girl's mum?
Do you see the guy wearing the black jacket over there? That's Tom.
Do you see the guy with the black jacket over there?
Do you see the high-flying birds there in the sky?
Do you see the horse?
Do you see the hummingbird?
Do you see the ice?
Do you see the kind of applicants we're attracting these days?
Do you see the macaque with its baby?
Do you see the man or the wolf?
Do you see the man's horse?
Do you see the mirror?
Do you see the path ahead?
Do you see the point?
Do you see the pond, behind the castle?
Do you see the portrait?
Do you see the puppy?
Do you see the queen?
Do you see the raccoon?
Do you see the rain cloud? Soon it will rain.
Do you see the rainbow?
Do you see the river?
Do you see the road on the map?
Do you see the rose?
Do you see the six windows on the facade?
Do you see the sky?
Do you see the smile?
Do you see the sparrow?
Do you see the star?
Do you see the stars?
Do you see the status bar at the bottom of the document window?
Do you see the sun?
Do you see the temple?
Do you see the two red houses yet?
Do you see the value in imagination?
Do you see the white house?
Do you see them anywhere?
Do you see them often?
Do you see them?
Do you see these great buildings?
Do you see this little house?
Do you see this phone?
Do you see this?
Do you see those flowers over there? They're tulips.
Do you see those mountains?
Do you see those people in the park?
Do you see those red dressing gowns hanging up over there?
Do you see those two bends?
Do you see those women?
Do you see what I mean?
Do you see what I see?
Do you see what I'm getting at?
Do you see what I'm pointing at?
Do you see what I'm talking about?
Do you see what Tom and Mary are doing?
Do you see what Tom is doing?
Do you see what happens when you don't listen?
Do you see what the problem is?
Do you see what this means?
Do you see what you did to me?
Do you see what's happening here?
Do you see what's happening?
Do you see where I'm going with this?
Do you see who's coming to our house?
Do you see why this is a problem?
Do you see yonder cloud that’s almost in shape of a camel?
Do you see your brother's garden?
Do you see your ship?
Do you see your table?
Do you see?
Do you seek knowledge from every source?
Do you seek new experiences?
Do you seek to improve every day?
Do you seek to understand deeply?
Do you sell French newspapers?
Do you sell Kabyle dresses?
Do you sell a lot of these?
Do you sell a lot of those?
Do you sell advance tickets here?
Do you sell alarm clocks?
Do you sell any guidebooks written in French?
Do you sell any pillows?
Do you sell any trousers lined with plaid flannel?
Do you sell apples here?
Do you sell avocados?
Do you sell batteries?
Do you sell beard trimmers?
Do you sell bread here?
Do you sell bread?
Do you sell chopsticks?
Do you sell coffee here?
Do you sell coffee pot accessories too?
Do you sell coffee pots here?
Do you sell cookies?
Do you sell desk lamps here?
Do you sell eggs by the kilo or by the dozen?
Do you sell first aid items here?
Do you sell flags here?
Do you sell formal wear?
Do you sell fresh eggs?
Do you sell fruit?
Do you sell hammers?
Do you sell home-grown food here?
Do you sell home-grown food?
Do you sell ice cream here?
Do you sell imported beer, too?
Do you sell imported beer?
Do you sell imported wine, too?
Do you sell jewellery?
Do you sell jewelry?
Do you sell left-handed scissors?
Do you sell maps?
Do you sell mineral water?
Do you sell mini disks?
Do you sell newspapers here?
Do you sell on credit?
Do you sell pillows?
Do you sell potatoes here?
Do you sell pots and pans here?
Do you sell pre-owned computers?
Do you sell rakes?
Do you sell red wine?
Do you sell refrigerators here?
Do you sell road maps?
Do you sell roses?
Do you sell screwdrivers?
Do you sell second-hand computers?
Do you sell shovels here?
Do you sell single-serve coffee pots?
Do you sell snow shovels?
Do you sell sport shoes?
Do you sell stamps?
Do you sell strawberries?
Do you sell the hibiscus?
Do you sell this by the kilogram?
Do you sell this style of wallet?
Do you sell this type of wallets?
Do you sell town plans, please?
Do you sell wine?
Do you send birthday cards to friends?
Do you sense something unusual?
Do you seriously believe that that machine has travelled into time?
Do you seriously believe that?
Do you seriously mean that?
Do you seriously not know who I am?
Do you seriously plan on getting yourself this old banger?
Do you seriously think Tom will do that?
Do you seriously think that?
Do you seriously think we'll get there?
Do you seriously want to race me?
Do you serve any sugar-free beverages?
Do you serve halal food?
Do you set goals for personal growth?
Do you share a room?
Do you share common interests?
Do you share the housework?
Do you share those concerns?
Do you share your emotions with other people?
Do you share your knowledge?
Do you shave every day?
Do you shave every morning?
Do you shave every thirty minutes?
Do you shave your armpits?
Do you shave your legs?
Do you ship overseas?
Do you shop online?
Do you show Tatoeba to your friends?
Do you shower every day?
Do you sing in the bath?
Do you sing in the car?
Do you sing in the choir?
Do you sing in the shower?
Do you sing to your cat?
Do you sing?
Do you skate?
Do you skateboard?
Do you ski?
Do you skip breakfast in the mornings?
Do you sleep in the guest bedroom?
Do you sleep in the guest room?
Do you sleep on your right side or on your left side?
Do you sleep on your right side or your left?
Do you sleep with glasses?
Do you sleep with the lights on?
Do you sleep with the window open?
Do you sleep with windows opened or closed?
Do you sleep with your eyes open or closed?
Do you smell anything?
Do you smell burnt toast?
Do you smell gas?
Do you smell it?
Do you smell pizza?
Do you smell pot?
Do you smell rubber burning?
Do you smell smoke?
Do you smell something burning?
Do you smell something funny?
Do you smell something strange?
Do you smell something unusual?
Do you smell something?
Do you smell that?
Do you smoke a lot?
Do you smoke cigarettes?
Do you smoke cigars?
Do you smoke pot?
Do you smoke weed?
Do you smoke?
Do you snore?
Do you snowboard?
Do you solemnly swear or affirm that you will tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give in this cause, will be truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me God?
Do you sometimes drink red wine with fish?
Do you sometimes drive to work?
Do you sometimes get headaches?
Do you sometimes get heartburn?
Do you sometimes get in trouble with your teachers at school?
Do you sometimes get pissed off for no reason?
Do you sometimes get stage fright?
Do you sometimes give your sister money?
Do you sometimes give your younger sister money?
Do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
Do you sometimes go abroad?
Do you sometimes go fishing with Tom?
Do you sometimes go to the movies?
Do you sometimes speak French with your parents?
Do you sometimes study in the library?
Do you sometimes talk out loud to yourself?
Do you sometimes wake up feeling tired?
Do you sometimes wear Tom's clothes?
Do you sometimes wear a hat?
Do you speak Ainu?
Do you speak Albanian?
Do you speak Amharic?
Do you speak Arabic?
Do you speak Aragonese?
Do you speak Armenian?
Do you speak Azerbaijani?
Do you speak Azeri?
Do you speak Bangla?
Do you speak Basque?
Do you speak Belarusian?
Do you speak Bengali?
Do you speak Berber at home?
Do you speak Berber perfectly?
Do you speak Berber?
Do you speak Berber? That is what a Chleuh asked in France.
Do you speak Bosnian?
Do you speak Bulgarian?
Do you speak Burmese?
Do you speak Catalan?
Do you speak Chinese well?
Do you speak Chinese?
Do you speak Croatian?
Do you speak Czech?
Do you speak Danish?
Do you speak Dutch?
Do you speak Elvish?
Do you speak English and Scottish Gaelic?
Do you speak English fluently?
Do you speak English, French or German?
Do you speak English?
Do you speak Esperanto or any other international auxiliary languages?
Do you speak Esperanto?
Do you speak Estonian fluently?
Do you speak Estonian?
Do you speak Faroese?
Do you speak Farsi?
Do you speak Filipino?
Do you speak Finnish fluently?
Do you speak Finnish, at least?
Do you speak Finnish?
Do you speak French at home?
Do you speak French better than Tom does?
Do you speak French better than Tom?
Do you speak French every day?
Do you speak French fluently?
Do you speak French often?
Do you speak French or Turkish?
Do you speak French well?
Do you speak French with your children?
Do you speak French with your kids?
Do you speak French, too?
Do you speak French?
Do you speak Galician?
Do you speak Genoese?
Do you speak Georgian?
Do you speak German fluently?
Do you speak German or English?
Do you speak German?
Do you speak Greek?
Do you speak Greek? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Do you speak Guarani?
Do you speak Gujarati?
Do you speak Haitian Creole?
Do you speak Hebrew?
Do you speak Hindi?
Do you speak Hungarian well?
Do you speak Hungarian?
Do you speak Icelandic?
Do you speak Ido?
Do you speak Indonesian?
Do you speak Interlingua?
Do you speak Interslavic?
Do you speak Inuktitut?
Do you speak Irish?
Do you speak Italian, French, Spanish or German?
Do you speak Italian?
Do you speak Italian? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Do you speak Japanese fluently?
Do you speak Japanese?
Do you speak Judeo-Spanish?
Do you speak Kabyle?
Do you speak Kadazan?
Do you speak Kashmiri?
Do you speak Kashubian?
Do you speak Kazakh?
Do you speak Khmer?
Do you speak Kiribati?
Do you speak Klingon?
Do you speak Kodava?
Do you speak Korean?
Do you speak Kotava?
Do you speak Kurdish?
Do you speak Kurmanji?
Do you speak Kyrgyz?
Do you speak Ladino?
Do you speak Lao?
Do you speak Latin also?
Do you speak Latin?
Do you speak Latvian fluently?
Do you speak Latvian?
Do you speak Ligurian?
Do you speak Limburgish?
Do you speak Lithuanian?
Do you speak Low German?
Do you speak Low Saxon?
Do you speak Luxembourgish?
Do you speak Macedonian?
Do you speak Magyar?
Do you speak Malagasy?
Do you speak Malay?
Do you speak Malayalam?
Do you speak Maltese?
Do you speak Mandarin?
Do you speak Maori?
Do you speak Marathi?
Do you speak Mari?
Do you speak Mongolian?
Do you speak Montenegrin?
Do you speak Nahuatl?
Do you speak Navajo?
Do you speak Nepali?
Do you speak Norwegian?
Do you speak Occitan?
Do you speak Ojibwe?
Do you speak Pashto?
Do you speak Polish?
Do you speak Portuguese?
Do you speak Quechua?
Do you speak Romani?
Do you speak Romanian?
Do you speak Romansh?
Do you speak Russian?
Do you speak Sakha?
Do you speak Sardinian?
Do you speak Scottish Gaelic?
Do you speak Serbian?
Do you speak Silesian?
Do you speak Sinhala, Tom?
Do you speak Sinhalese?
Do you speak Slovak?
Do you speak Slovene?
Do you speak Slovenian?
Do you speak Somali?
Do you speak Spanish fluently?
Do you speak Spanish?
Do you speak Swahili?
Do you speak Swedish?
Do you speak Syriac?
Do you speak Tagalog?
Do you speak Tajik?
Do you speak Talossan?
Do you speak Talysh?
Do you speak Tamil?
Do you speak Tatar?
Do you speak Tetum?
Do you speak Thai?
Do you speak Tibetan?
Do you speak Tigrinya?
Do you speak Toki Pona?
Do you speak Turkish?
Do you speak Turkmen?
Do you speak Udmurt?
Do you speak Uighur?
Do you speak Ukrainian or Russian?
Do you speak Ukrainian?
Do you speak Umbundu?
Do you speak Urdu?
Do you speak Uyghur?
Do you speak Uzbek?
Do you speak Vietnamese?
Do you speak Volapük?
Do you speak Welsh?
Do you speak Yakut?
Do you speak Yakutian?
Do you speak Yiddish?
Do you speak a conlang?
Do you speak a different language?
Do you speak a foreign language?
Do you speak another language?
Do you speak any Dutch?
Do you speak any French?
Do you speak any Japanese?
Do you speak any constructed languages? I speak Esperanto.
Do you speak any foreign languages?
Do you speak any language better than English?
Do you speak any language other than French?
Do you speak any other language besides English?
Do you speak any other languages?
Do you speak any other languages? If so, how did you learn it? If not, which would you pick to learn first?
Do you speak dog?
Do you speak fluent Finnish?
Do you speak from personal experience?
Do you speak like the Italians?
Do you speak more than two languages?
Do you speak my language?
Do you speak our language?
Do you speak the Magyar language?
Do you speak the Shanghai dialect at school?
Do you speak the same language to your father as you do to your mother?
Do you speak the same language to your father that you speak to your mother?
Do you speak to your friends in French?
Do you speak with an accent?
Do you speak... English?
Do you spend a lot of money on clothes?
Do you spend a lot of time alone?
Do you spend a lot of time in the city?
Do you spend a lot of time with Tom?
Do you spend a lot of time with your brothers and sisters?
Do you spend a lot of time with your friends?
Do you spend a lot of time with your friends? Who are they? Funny people I think.
Do you spend more than $20 per month buying makeup?
Do you spend more time at home or at work?
Do you spend more time with your friends or with your family?
Do you spend more time with your friends or your family?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don’t matter so much?
Do you spend much time in Boston?
Do you spend much time writing email?
Do you stand in the line?
Do you stay at Tom's when you're in Australia?
Do you stay at Tom's when you're in Boston?
Do you stay in touch with Tom?
Do you stay up this late every night?
Do you stay with Tom when you're in Australia?
Do you stay with Tom when you're in Boston?
Do you still allow Tom to do that?
Do you still always speak French to Tom?
Do you still always speak to Tom in French?
Do you still believe I killed my brother?
Do you still believe Tom is innocent?
Do you still believe Tom's story?
Do you still believe Tom?
Do you still believe him?
Do you still believe in Santa Claus?
Do you still believe in Tom's innocence?
Do you still believe in magic?
Do you still believe in this kind of stories?
Do you still believe that Tom is innocent?
Do you still believe that the number thirteen is unlucky?
Do you still believe that'll happen?
Do you still believe that?
Do you still believe them?
Do you still buy lottery tickets?
Do you still care?
Do you still collect stamps?
Do you still consider me a friend?
Do you still dance?
Do you still deny your guilt?
Do you still do all the cooking at home?
Do you still do that a lot?
Do you still do that as many times a month as you used to?
Do you still do that as much as you used to?
Do you still do that as often as you used to?
Do you still do that every Monday?
Do you still do that every day?
Do you still do that here?
Do you still do that the same way?
Do you still do that with Tom as much as you used to?
Do you still do that with Tom?
Do you still do that?
Do you still dream about Dad?
Do you still drink as much beer as you used to?
Do you still drink coffee?
Do you still drink milk?
Do you still drink your coffee black?
Do you still drive a blue car?
Do you still eat at Chuck's Diner?
Do you still eat at that restaurant?
Do you still eat hamburgers as often as you used to?
Do you still eat junk food?
Do you still eat lunch with Tom?
Do you still eat meat?
Do you still eat oatmeal every day?
Do you still eat out as much as you used to?
Do you still eat out every Monday?
Do you still enjoy doing that?
Do you still enjoy going to movies?
Do you still enjoy lying to us?
Do you still enjoy playing chess?
Do you still enjoy playing live?
Do you still enjoy watching baseball as much as you used to?
Do you still enjoy watching baseball?
Do you still enjoy watching cartoons?
Do you still expect that to happen?
Do you still fancy me?
Do you still feel better?
Do you still feel hungry?
Do you still feel ill?
Do you still feel like doing that?
Do you still feel like eating out tonight?
Do you still feel sick?
Do you still feel something for me?
Do you still feel sorry for Tom?
Do you still feel that way?
Do you still find me nice?
Do you still follow what I'm saying?
Do you still get in touch with them?
Do you still get nervous on stage?
Do you still go bowling as often as you used to?
Do you still go bowling with Tom?
Do you still go cycling with Tom?
Do you still go jogging every morning?
Do you still go out with Tom every Monday like you used to?
Do you still go out with Tom every Monday?
Do you still go sailing every summer?
Do you still go skiing every winter?
Do you still go swimming as often as you used to?
Do you still go swimming every weekend?
Do you still go to Australia every Christmas?
Do you still go to Boston as often as you used to?
Do you still go to Boston every Christmas?
Do you still go to Boston every summer?
Do you still go to Boston sometimes?
Do you still go to Chuck's Diner?
Do you still go to church every Sunday?
Do you still go to church?
Do you still go to school?
Do you still go to the same school as Tom?
Do you still hang out with Tom as much as you used to?
Do you still hang out with Tom?
Do you still hate Esperanto?
Do you still hate French?
Do you still hate Tom?
Do you still hate me?
Do you still have Tom's umbrella?
Do you still have a copy of yesterday's newspaper?
Do you still have a crush on Tom?
Do you still have a dog?
Do you still have a driver's license?
Do you still have a driving licence?
Do you still have a fever?
Do you still have a gun?
Do you still have a headache?
Do you still have a house in Boston?
Do you still have a key to Tom's apartment?
Do you still have a key to Tom's flat?
Do you still have a key to the house?
Do you still have a key?
Do you still have a record player to listen to records?
Do you still have a record player to play records?
Do you still have all your teeth?
Do you still have an upset stomach?
Do you still have any feelings for Yanni?
Do you still have any money left?
Do you still have any questions?
Do you still have beer?
Do you still have coffee?
Do you still have doubts?
Do you still have family in Boston?
Do you still have feelings for Tom?
Do you still have feelings for her?
Do you still have feelings for him?
Do you still have it?
Do you still have my key?
Do you still have my number?
Do you still have my phone number?
Do you still have questions?
Do you still have something for me to eat?
Do you still have something to say?
Do you still have that bicycle I gave you?
Do you still have that bicycle that I gave you?
Do you still have that book?
Do you still have that car?
Do you still have that raffle ticket?
Do you still have that umbrella I gave you?
Do you still have that view?
Do you still have that watch I gave you?
Do you still have the book?
Do you still have the guitar I gave you?
Do you still have the guitar that I gave you?
Do you still have the hots for Tom?
Do you still have the key to Tom's apartment?
Do you still have the notes I gave you?
Do you still have the receipt?
Do you still have the receipts?
Do you still have the same number?
Do you still have time to do this?
Do you still have time?
Do you still have to do that?
Do you still have to pay the bill?
Do you still have what we found last night?
Do you still have yesterday's newspaper?
Do you still have yesterday's paper?
Do you still help Tom with his homework?
Do you still keep in touch with Tom?
Do you still keep in touch with her?
Do you still keep in touch with him?
Do you still know my name?
Do you still let Tom and Mary do that?
Do you still let Tom do that?
Do you still let Tom win?
Do you still like Tom?
Do you still like couscous?
Do you still like it here?
Do you still like jazz?
Do you still like me?
Do you still like shrimp?
Do you still like spicy food?
Do you still like to talk about Germany as before?
Do you still listen to jazz?
Do you still live around here?
Do you still live at the same address?
Do you still live here?
Do you still live in Algiers?
Do you still live in Australia?
Do you still live in Boston?
Do you still live in Brazil?
Do you still live in the United States?
Do you still live in the house that you grew up in?
Do you still live in the same city?
Do you still live in the same house that you grew up in?
Do you still live in the same place?
Do you still live on Park Street?
Do you still live where you used to live?
Do you still live where you used to?
Do you still live with Tom?
Do you still live with your mum?
Do you still live with your parents?
Do you still love Tom?
Do you still love her?
Do you still love him?
Do you still love me a little?
Do you still love me?
Do you still love them?
Do you still love you husband?
Do you still love your husband?
Do you still love your wife?
Do you still miss Tom?
Do you still need Tom here?
Do you still need Tom?
Do you still need Tom? If not, I will take him with me.
Do you still need a babysitter for Monday night?
Do you still need a loan?
Do you still need a ride home?
Do you still need for me to be here?
Do you still need help?
Do you still need it?
Do you still need me here?
Do you still need me, or can I go to sleep?
Do you still need me?
Do you still need money?
Do you still need my assistance?
Do you still need my help?
Do you still need our help?
Do you still need tea?
Do you still need the light on, or can I turn it off?
Do you still need them?
Do you still need to be taking this medicine?
Do you still need to do that every day?
Do you still need to do that?
Do you still not know what to do?
Do you still not know where Tom lives?
Do you still not know?
Do you still not see the difference?
Do you still not understand what's going on?
Do you still not understand?
Do you still not want to go?
Do you still owe Tom money?
Do you still permit Tom to do that?
Do you still plan on doing that with Tom?
Do you still plan to do that with Tom?
Do you still plan to go to Tom's party?
Do you still plan to help us?
Do you still play Pokemon Go?
Do you still play chess with Tom every Monday afternoon?
Do you still play chess?
Do you still play darts?
Do you still play golf as often as you used to?
Do you still play golf with Tom?
Do you still play golf?
Do you still play hockey?
Do you still play tennis?
Do you still play the flute?
Do you still play the guitar?
Do you still play the piano?
Do you still play the saxophone?
Do you still play the tuba?
Do you still play video games at your age?
Do you still practise your religion?
Do you still read books?
Do you still really believe that?
Do you still really want to go?
Do you still recognize me?
Do you still remember Mary?
Do you still remember Tom?
Do you still remember how to do it?
Do you still remember how to do that?
Do you still remember me?
Do you still remember my name?
Do you still remember the lovely girls who were dancing?
Do you still remember the name of your first teacher?
Do you still remember the scenes of that war?
Do you still remember them? Do you remember the happy days?
Do you still remember what happened when we went camping in the woods last time?
Do you still remember what you and I did that Halloween?
Do you still remember what your first teacher was called?
Do you still remember your Finnish?
Do you still remember your first plane trip?
Do you still remember?
Do you still see Tom as often as you used to?
Do you still see Tom every Monday?
Do you still sing with Tom?
Do you still smoke?
Do you still sometimes eat at Chuck's Diner?
Do you still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Do you still sometimes go swimming with Tom?
Do you still speak French?
Do you still study French every day?
Do you still study French?
Do you still study after dinner?
Do you still study judo?
Do you still suffer from headaches?
Do you still swim every day?
Do you still swim?
Do you still take a siesta every day?
Do you still talk to Tom at all?
Do you still talk to Tom in French?
Do you still talk to Tom?
Do you still talk to her?
Do you still talk to him?
Do you still talk to them?
Do you still teach French?
Do you still teach history?
Do you still tell Tom everything?
Do you still tell Tom what to do?
Do you still think Halloween isn't fun?
Do you still think I can't do it?
Do you still think I should go talk to Tom?
Do you still think I'm beautiful?
Do you still think I'm bluffing?
Do you still think I'm crazy?
Do you still think I'm good-looking?
Do you still think I'm the one you want to spend the rest of your life with?
Do you still think Mary doesn't know what she's doing?
Do you still think Tom and Mary are guilty?
Do you still think Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing?
Do you still think Tom and Mary shouldn't get married?
Do you still think Tom and you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you still think Tom can do that?
Do you still think Tom did that?
Do you still think Tom doesn't know what he's doing?
Do you still think Tom enjoys doing that?
Do you still think Tom is a good driver?
Do you still think Tom is guilty?
Do you still think Tom lied?
Do you still think Tom should be fired?
Do you still think Tom should do that?
Do you still think Tom should leave?
Do you still think Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you still think Tom would like to go to Boston with us?
Do you still think about Dad?
Do you still think about Tom?
Do you still think about her?
Do you still think it won't happen?
Do you still think that I should go talk to Tom?
Do you still think that Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you still think that that's all Tom has to do?
Do you still think that that's all we need to do?
Do you still think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you still think that we have a chance to win?
Do you still think that you have a chance?
Do you still think that you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you still think that you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you still think that's all I have to do?
Do you still think that's all I need to do?
Do you still think that's all Tom has to do?
Do you still think that's all Tom needs to do?
Do you still think that's all we have to do?
Do you still think that's all we need to do?
Do you still think that's all you have to do?
Do you still think that's all you need to do?
Do you still think that's going to be easy?
Do you still think that's what Tom wants?
Do you still think that's what we want to do?
Do you still think that's what we want?
Do you still think there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you still think we can do that?
Do you still think we have a chance to win?
Do you still think we'll arrive on time?
Do you still think we'll get there on time?
Do you still think we'll make it on time?
Do you still think you can do that?
Do you still think you can rely on Tom?
Do you still think you don't have to do that?
Do you still think you don't need to do that?
Do you still think you have a chance?
Do you still think you'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do you still think you'll be able to do that by yourself?
Do you still think you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you still think you'll be able to do that?
Do you still think you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you still think you'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you still think you'll get into Harvard?
Do you still trust Tom?
Do you still trust her?
Do you still trust him after he broke his promise twice?
Do you still trust him?
Do you still trust people?
Do you still trust your wife?
Do you still understand?
Do you still want it?
Do you still want me to come over?
Do you still want me to come to Boston?
Do you still want me to drive you to the airport?
Do you still want me to give Tom your old computer?
Do you still want me to go with Tom?
Do you still want me to go with you?
Do you still want me to help Tom?
Do you still want me to help you?
Do you still want me to help?
Do you still want me to let Tom borrow your bicycle?
Do you still want me to teach you French?
Do you still want me, Tom?
Do you still want some tea?
Do you still want something else?
Do you still want tea?
Do you still want these?
Do you still want this?
Do you still want to be a Berber teacher?
Do you still want to be an officer?
Do you still want to buy your wife a car?
Do you still want to come?
Do you still want to do that with us?
Do you still want to do that?
Do you still want to eat with us?
Do you still want to get married?
Do you still want to give me a hug?
Do you still want to go home?
Do you still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Do you still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
Do you still want to go to Boston?
Do you still want to go to lunch?
Do you still want to go to the lighthouse?
Do you still want to go to the zoo on Monday?
Do you still want to go to the zoo with us?
Do you still want to go with us?
Do you still want to go?
Do you still want to know how we did that?
Do you still want to know why I'm going?
Do you still want to leave today?
Do you still want to marry me?
Do you still want to play chess?
Do you still want to remember her?
Do you still want to see a movie later?
Do you still want to see me?
Do you still want to sell your house?
Do you still want to stay in Australia with us next summer?
Do you still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Do you still want to talk to me?
Do you still want us to hang out?
Do you still want us to help Tom?
Do you still want us to help you?
Do you still want us to meet?
Do you still want us to take care of your dog?
Do you still want yellow, or another color?
Do you still watch cartoons?
Do you still wear glasses?
Do you still wish to do that?
Do you still work as many hours a day as you used to?
Do you still work at the airport?
Do you still work at the post office?
Do you still work for Tom?
Do you still work here?
Do you still work in Boston?
Do you still work out?
Do you still work there?
Do you still work with Tom?
Do you still work?
Do you still wrestle?
Do you still write letters to your grandparents?
Do you still write music?
Do you stir-fry ramen?
Do you stock things like rice and canned foods at home?
Do you strive to be the best version of yourself?
Do you study English every day?
Do you study English?
Do you study French at school?
Do you study French every day?
Do you study French there?
Do you study French?
Do you study Mandarin there?
Do you study any foreign language?
Do you study at a private school?
Do you study by discussing?
Do you study chemistry?
Do you study every day?
Do you study numerology?
Do you study or work?
Do you study?
Do you subscribe to a newspaper at home?
Do you subscribe to a newspaper?
Do you subscribe to any magazines?
Do you subscribe to any monthly magazine?
Do you suffer from a lack of sleep?
Do you suffer from a mental disorder?
Do you suffer from constipation?
Do you suffer from depression?
Do you suffer from diseases that require medication?
Do you suffer from insomnia?
Do you suffer from involuntary urination?
Do you suffer from seasonal allergies?
Do you suffer from sleeplessness?
Do you support City or Rovers?
Do you support Mitt Romney or Barack Obama?
Do you support Panathinaikos or Olympiacos?
Do you support emerging artists?
Do you support local artists?
Do you support or oppose abortion?
Do you support or oppose the death penalty?
Do you support or oppose this idea?
Do you support reparations for slavery?
Do you support the death penalty?
Do you support what Tom is doing?
Do you support your friends' growth?
Do you suppose I placed it in that manner?
Do you suppose I should attach the web page's URL on those occasions?
Do you suppose I should attach the web page’s URL on those occasions?
Do you suppose it will do any good?
Do you suppose it will make any difference?
Do you suppose it will rain today?
Do you suppose it'll make any difference?
Do you suppose it's wrong for us to think so much about our clothes? Marilla says it is very sinful.
Do you suppose just anyone can become a medical practitioner?
Do you suppose me so foolish, that I cannot walk by a young lady's side without plunging headlong in love with her?
Do you suppose she's responsible for it?
Do you suppose that he is attractive?
Do you suppose that man over there is Tom?
Do you suppose that that man over there is Tom?
Do you suppose that this is true?
Do you suppose that we're actually in any danger?
Do you suppose they expected to be suffering like this?
Do you suppose we can get together some evening?
Do you suppose we'll ever be asked to do that?
Do you suppose we'll ever find our way back to the real world again, Diana? We shall presently come to a palace with a spellbound princess in it, I think.
Do you surf?
Do you suspect Tom of stealing the money?
Do you suspect anybody?
Do you suspect anyone?
Do you suspect it was me who did it?
Do you suspect me?
Do you swear not to say a word to anyone?
Do you swear to tell the truth and nothing but the truth?
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
Do you swear you're telling me the truth?
Do you swim every day?
Do you swim in the lake?
Do you swim often?
Do you swim very fast, too?
Do you swim with your children?
Do you take American Express?
Do you take Canadian money?
Do you take MasterCard?
Do you take a map with you when hiking?
Do you take any anti-inflammatory medicine, Lady Isilda?
Do you take any medication for any medical issues?
Do you take cash?
Do you take cheques?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take debit cards?
Do you take digitalis?
Do you take in students?
Do you take me for a complete beginner?
Do you take me for a fool?
Do you take me for a guinea pig?
Do you take me for an idiot?
Do you take me for an idiot?!
Do you take me for forty? You are wide of the mark.
Do you take medication for high cholesterol?
Do you take medication?
Do you take meds?
Do you take nitroglycerin?
Do you take part in any community activities?
Do you take photos while hiking?
Do you take plastic?
Do you take pride in wealth?
Do you take pride in your work?
Do you take requests?
Do you take selfies?
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
Do you take sugar in your tea?
Do you take sugar with your coffee?
Do you take sugar with your tea?
Do you take these coupons?
Do you take this long to make a soup?
Do you take time to be creative?
Do you take time to explore new ideas?
Do you take travelers' checks?
Do you take travelers’ checks?
Do you take traveller's cheques?
Do you take trips often?
Do you take us for idiots?
Do you take vitamin pills?
Do you take vitamins?
Do you take work home with you?
Do you take your coffee with or without sugar?
Do you take your dog for a walk every day?
Do you take your tea with lemon or with milk?
Do you talk a lot?
Do you talk about these things much in Boston?
Do you talk about us?
Do you talk to Tom a lot?
Do you talk to Tom in French?
Do you talk to her a lot?
Do you talk to him a lot?
Do you talk to them a lot?
Do you talk to your cats?
Do you talk to your dog?
Do you talk to your neighbors?
Do you talk to your plants?
Do you talk with your neighbors?
Do you talk?
Do you teach Esperanto?
Do you teach French?
Do you teach Spanish?
Do you teach music to others?
Do you teach?
Do you tell Tom everything?
Do you tell Tom what to do?
Do you tend to eat fruit and vegetables daily?
Do you that think people still do that?
Do you the boy who has just come?
Do you think Abdelaziz Bouteflika was a good leader for Algeria?
Do you think Algeria can become an economic powerhouse?
Do you think Algeria can successfully industrialize?
Do you think Algeria is ready for democracy?
Do you think Algeria should focus its efforts elsewhere?
Do you think Algeria will be able to stop its brain drain?
Do you think Algeria will become a miracle economy?
Do you think Algeria will become the African Venezuela?
Do you think Algeria will end up ever becoming a democracy?
Do you think Algeria will finally be able to stop its brain drain?
Do you think Algeria will have a successful export-orientated economy?
Do you think Algeria will overcome its reliance on oil and gas?
Do you think Australia will win the World Cup this year?
Do you think Boston is a dangerous city?
Do you think Boston is a dangerous place to live?
Do you think Boston is a noisy city?
Do you think Boston is a safe city?
Do you think Boston is a safe place to live?
Do you think Bouteflika left a lasting legacy that Algeria could be proud of?
Do you think Cookie would be a good name for a dog?
Do you think Croatian is an interesting language?
Do you think Dad will change his mind?
Do you think English is difficult?
Do you think French is difficult?
Do you think French is easy?
Do you think I am nuts?
Do you think I arranged it that way?
Do you think I ask too many questions?
Do you think I came here to apologize to you?
Do you think I can actually help you?
Do you think I can borrow your car next Monday?
Do you think I can borrow your tarantula just until tomorrow?
Do you think I can do it?
Do you think I can do that?
Do you think I can get by with it?
Do you think I can get my money back?
Do you think I can handle all that glamour?
Do you think I can handle it?
Do you think I can help?
Do you think I can pull this off?
Do you think I can trust Tom?
Do you think I can trust her?
Do you think I can trust him?
Do you think I can use my cellphone in the shower?
Do you think I can use my phone in the shower?
Do you think I can't handle this?
Do you think I care about what happens to you?
Do you think I care if he likes me?
Do you think I care if she likes me?
Do you think I care what you think of me?
Do you think I care?
Do you think I could actually do that?
Do you think I could ask Tom to do that again?
Do you think I could do that if I tried?
Do you think I could do that?
Do you think I could ever forget you?
Do you think I could get Tom to do that?
Do you think I could get a towel?
Do you think I could go?
Do you think I could help you?
Do you think I could help?
Do you think I could speak with Tom?
Do you think I could take Tom?
Do you think I could talk to Tom?
Do you think I did it?
Do you think I did this?
Do you think I didn't hear that?
Do you think I don't care about you? If you think so, then that is your misunderstanding.
Do you think I don't care?
Do you think I don't have a sense of humour?
Do you think I don't know about you and Mary?
Do you think I don't know about you and Tom?
Do you think I don't know how to speak French?
Do you think I don't know that?
Do you think I don't know what I'm doing?
Do you think I don't know what happened?
Do you think I don't know what is going on?
Do you think I don't know what that is?
Do you think I don't know what you and Tom were talking about?
Do you think I don't know what you did?
Do you think I don't know what's going on?
Do you think I don't know what's happening?
Do you think I don't know why you divorced?
Do you think I don't know?
Do you think I don't understand what your plan consists of?
Do you think I don't want to?
Do you think I don't want what's best for Tom?
Do you think I don’t know what’s going on?
Do you think I don’t know what’s happening?
Do you think I enjoyed it?
Do you think I enjoyed that?
Do you think I ever could forget?
Do you think I had something to do with that?
Do you think I have a chance of winning?
Do you think I have a chance to get that job?
Do you think I have a chance?
Do you think I have no enemies?
Do you think I have no sense of humour?
Do you think I have to do that again?
Do you think I have to do that, too?
Do you think I have to do that?
Do you think I have worms?
Do you think I haven't anticipated that?
Do you think I haven't got a sense of humour?
Do you think I haven't thought of that?
Do you think I killed Tom?
Do you think I know nothing?
Do you think I like it more than you do?
Do you think I like this?
Do you think I look OK?
Do you think I look cool?
Do you think I look fat in this dress?
Do you think I look fat?
Do you think I look happy?
Do you think I look like Tom?
Do you think I look like my brother?
Do you think I look like my father?
Do you think I look pale?
Do you think I look strong?
Do you think I meant country matters?
Do you think I might win?
Do you think I missed something?
Do you think I need a haircut?
Do you think I need help?
Do you think I need one?
Do you think I need to do that again?
Do you think I need to do that, too?
Do you think I need to do that?
Do you think I need to get help?
Do you think I need to go?
Do you think I need to lose weight?
Do you think I need to pay this bill?
Do you think I ought to do that?
Do you think I ought to go?
Do you think I put it that way?
Do you think I really have to do that?
Do you think I really want to be doing this?
Do you think I should actually do that?
Do you think I should add more milk to the batter?
Do you think I should allow Tom to do that?
Do you think I should apologize to Tom?
Do you think I should ask Tom for help?
Do you think I should be worried?
Do you think I should buy one of these?
Do you think I should buy this house?
Do you think I should buy this?
Do you think I should cook for Tom?
Do you think I should destroy my things?
Do you think I should do it?
Do you think I should do that today?
Do you think I should do that?
Do you think I should do this?
Do you think I should get a tattoo?
Do you think I should get married?
Do you think I should go alone?
Do you think I should go by myself?
Do you think I should go home?
Do you think I should go talk to Tom?
Do you think I should go there alone?
Do you think I should go to Australia with Tom?
Do you think I should go to Australia?
Do you think I should go to Boston with Tom?
Do you think I should go to Boston?
Do you think I should go up there?
Do you think I should go?
Do you think I should learn French?
Do you think I should let Tom do that?
Do you think I should let Tom drive?
Do you think I should let Tom win?
Do you think I should quit my job?
Do you think I should say something to Tom about that?
Do you think I should stop Tom?
Do you think I should stop her?
Do you think I should stop him?
Do you think I should stop them?
Do you think I should study French?
Do you think I should take it?
Do you think I should tell Tom everything?
Do you think I should tell Tom how I feel?
Do you think I should tell Tom what you just told me?
Do you think I should tell Tom?
Do you think I should tell her?
Do you think I should tell him?
Do you think I should tell my parents about us?
Do you think I should tell them?
Do you think I should throw this away?
Do you think I should wait for Tom?
Do you think I should wait?
Do you think I should write to Tom?
Do you think I should write?
Do you think I sound fluent in French?
Do you think I still love Tom?
Do you think I still love her?
Do you think I still play with dolls?
Do you think I talk too much?
Do you think I think of myself as an idiot?
Do you think I want this?
Do you think I want to die?
Do you think I want to do this?
Do you think I want to hurt Tom?
Do you think I was born yesterday?
Do you think I was the one who made that?
Do you think I was too mean to Tom?
Do you think I went too far?
Do you think I will forgive you?
Do you think I would be here if I had found a job?
Do you think I would leave you here?
Do you think I would really do that?
Do you think I would recognize Tom?
Do you think I'd be able to do that?
Do you think I'd be here if I didn't have to be?
Do you think I'd be stupid enough to come here without a weapon?
Do you think I'd have fun doing that?
Do you think I'd leave now?
Do you think I'd let that stop me?
Do you think I'd look good with a mustache?
Do you think I'd recognize Tom?
Do you think I'll be able to do that?
Do you think I'll be able to get into Harvard?
Do you think I'll get the bike?
Do you think I'll get there in time if I go there by taxi?
Do you think I'll miss my train?
Do you think I'll survive?
Do you think I'm a cute kid?
Do you think I'm a dictator?
Do you think I'm a fool?
Do you think I'm a good person?
Do you think I'm a guinea pig?
Do you think I'm a thief?
Do you think I'm abrasive?
Do you think I'm an idiot that I would fall for such an old trick?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Do you think I'm attractive?
Do you think I'm average?
Do you think I'm beautiful?
Do you think I'm being too cautious?
Do you think I'm being too insensitive?
Do you think I'm being unreasonable?
Do you think I'm biased?
Do you think I'm blind?
Do you think I'm bluffing?
Do you think I'm boring?
Do you think I'm cool?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm cute?
Do you think I'm cynical?
Do you think I'm daft?
Do you think I'm dangerous?
Do you think I'm doing the right thing?
Do you think I'm exaggerating?
Do you think I'm extroverted?
Do you think I'm fat?
Do you think I'm funny?
Do you think I'm getting fat?
Do you think I'm good-looking?
Do you think I'm handsome?
Do you think I'm happy about this?
Do you think I'm happy?
Do you think I'm having fun?
Do you think I'm healthy?
Do you think I'm insane?
Do you think I'm joking?
Do you think I'm kidding?
Do you think I'm lying?
Do you think I'm made of money?
Do you think I'm making a mistake?
Do you think I'm not sincere?
Do you think I'm not trying my best?
Do you think I'm not trying?
Do you think I'm one of your minions?
Do you think I'm out of my mind?
Do you think I'm overweight?
Do you think I'm paranoid?
Do you think I'm pretty?
Do you think I'm protecting her?
Do you think I'm protecting him?
Do you think I'm qualified for that job?
Do you think I'm right?
Do you think I'm scared of you?
Do you think I'm scary?
Do you think I'm sexy?
Do you think I'm shallow?
Do you think I'm silly?
Do you think I'm smart?
Do you think I'm so ruthless and insensitive?
Do you think I'm some kind of idiot?
Do you think I'm strange?
Do you think I'm strong enough?
Do you think I'm stubborn?
Do you think I'm stupid or something?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm that reckless?
Do you think I'm that stupid?
Do you think I'm the one who did this?
Do you think I'm to blame?
Do you think I'm too fat?
Do you think I'm too materialistic?
Do you think I'm too old to get back to school?
Do you think I'm too old to go back to school?
Do you think I'm too old to have another baby?
Do you think I'm too tall?
Do you think I'm ugly?
Do you think I'm unfair?
Do you think I'm wasting my time?
Do you think I'm weird?
Do you think I'm witty?
Do you think I'm wrong?
Do you think I've got no sense of humour?
Do you think I've lost weight?
Do you think I've put on weight?
Do you think I’ll get the bike?
Do you think I’m beautiful?
Do you think I’m being unreasonable?
Do you think I’m crazy?
Do you think I’m fat?
Do you think I’m handsome?
Do you think I’m joking?
Do you think I’m made of money?
Do you think I’m pretty?
Do you think I’m qualified for that job?
Do you think I’m sexy?
Do you think I’m stupid?
Do you think I’m to blame?
Do you think I’m too materialistic?
Do you think I’m too old to go back to school?
Do you think I’m too old to have another baby?
Do you think I’m too tall?
Do you think I’m ugly?
Do you think I’m wasting my time?
Do you think James is OK?
Do you think John should try to win Jessica over?
Do you think Jordan is willing to sacrifice his weekends so he can complete his degree in one year instead of two?
Do you think Leon suspects anything yet?
Do you think Maria is going to do that?
Do you think Marika is ready to agree to live in Algeria?
Do you think Mary believed what you told her?
Do you think Mary can really take care of herself?
Do you think Mary can still take care of herself?
Do you think Mary can take care of herself?
Do you think Mary could do that by herself?
Do you think Mary is attractive?
Do you think Mary is cute?
Do you think Mary is innocent?
Do you think Mary is more beautiful than I am?
Do you think Mary is prettier than I am?
Do you think Mary is prettier than me?
Do you think Mary is pretty?
Do you think Mary is strong enough to lift that by herself?
Do you think Mary is too fat to be a cheerleader?
Do you think Mary killed herself?
Do you think Mary knew you were lying to her?
Do you think Mary knows Tom likes her?
Do you think Mary really intends to drink that whole bottle of wine by herself?
Do you think Mary really meant what she said?
Do you think Mary really wanted to do that by herself?
Do you think Mary wants to go by herself?
Do you think Mary wears smart clothes?
Do you think Mary will do that by herself?
Do you think Mary will do what we've asked her to do?
Do you think Mary will let Tom do that for her?
Do you think Mary will like it?
Do you think Mary will like the gift I bought for her?
Do you think Mary will like the gift I bought her?
Do you think Mary would do something like that?
Do you think Mary would do that again if she had the chance?
Do you think Mary would do that if she had the chance?
Do you think Mary would go on a date with me?
Do you think Mary would go out with me if I asked her on a date?
Do you think Mary would go out with me?
Do you think Mary would like it if I did that for her?
Do you think Mary would like me to do that for her?
Do you think Mary would like me to help her do that?
Do you think Mary would like me to show her how to do that?
Do you think Mary would've done that if we'd asked her to?
Do you think Mary would've wanted us to do that for her?
Do you think Mary's skirt is too short?
Do you think Obama can speak Spanish?
Do you think Portuguese is difficult?
Do you think Sami could be a good dad?
Do you think Santa exists?
Do you think Tebboune will make Algeria an African jewel?
Do you think Tom and I are blind?
Do you think Tom and I could do that by ourselves?
Do you think Tom and I'd be able to do that by ourselves?
Do you think Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary are OK?
Do you think Tom and Mary are afraid to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are afraid?
Do you think Tom and Mary are all right?
Do you think Tom and Mary are alone?
Do you think Tom and Mary are already retired?
Do you think Tom and Mary are angry?
Do you think Tom and Mary are any good at doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are awake?
Do you think Tom and Mary are bored?
Do you think Tom and Mary are boring?
Do you think Tom and Mary are broke?
Do you think Tom and Mary are busy?
Do you think Tom and Mary are cold?
Do you think Tom and Mary are coming to the party?
Do you think Tom and Mary are conceited?
Do you think Tom and Mary are dangerous?
Do you think Tom and Mary are dependable?
Do you think Tom and Mary are determined to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with?
Do you think Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Do you think Tom and Mary are drunk?
Do you think Tom and Mary are eating now?
Do you think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married?
Do you think Tom and Mary are finished doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are friendly?
Do you think Tom and Mary are funny?
Do you think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to be here this afternoon?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to find anything?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to help us?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to win?
Do you think Tom and Mary are good songwriters?
Do you think Tom and Mary are guilty?
Do you think Tom and Mary are happy?
Do you think Tom and Mary are having fun?
Do you think Tom and Mary are hungry?
Do you think Tom and Mary are in Boston?
Do you think Tom and Mary are in trouble?
Do you think Tom and Mary are influential?
Do you think Tom and Mary are innocent?
Do you think Tom and Mary are insane?
Do you think Tom and Mary are lying to us?
Do you think Tom and Mary are lying?
Do you think Tom and Mary are married?
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning to help us?
Do you think Tom and Mary are ready for this?
Do you think Tom and Mary are ready to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are ready?
Do you think Tom and Mary are really sorry?
Do you think Tom and Mary are really there?
Do you think Tom and Mary are related?
Do you think Tom and Mary are reliable?
Do you think Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened?
Do you think Tom and Mary are retired already?
Do you think Tom and Mary are right?
Do you think Tom and Mary are satisfied?
Do you think Tom and Mary are serious?
Do you think Tom and Mary are sick?
Do you think Tom and Mary are sophisticated?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still afraid?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still alive?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still alone?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still angry?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still asleep?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still at home?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still awake?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still busy?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still cold?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still confused?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still curious?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still dependable?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still depressed?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still downstairs?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still here?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still home?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still homeless?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still homesick?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still hungry?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still in Boston?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still interested?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still lonely?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still lost?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still mad about that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still mad at me?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still mad?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still married?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still nervous?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still optimistic?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still outside?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still planning to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still poor?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still safe?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still scared?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still single?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still skeptical?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still sleepy?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still suspicious?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still tired?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still unconvinced?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still undecided?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still undependable?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still unemployed?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still unimpressed?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still up?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still upset?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still worried about that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still worried?
Do you think Tom and Mary are strong enough to lift that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary are strong enough?
Do you think Tom and Mary are stupid?
Do you think Tom and Mary are sympathetic?
Do you think Tom and Mary are talented?
Do you think Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Do you think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are through doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are too aggressive?
Do you think Tom and Mary are too young to date?
Do you think Tom and Mary are too young?
Do you think Tom and Mary are ugly?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unfriendly?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unhappy?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unkind?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unlucky?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unreliable?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unsociable?
Do you think Tom and Mary are wealthy?
Do you think Tom and Mary are wise?
Do you think Tom and Mary are worried?
Do you think Tom and Mary believed what you told them?
Do you think Tom and Mary can really take care of themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary can still take care of themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary care?
Do you think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary go to the same school?
Do you think Tom and Mary have already done that?
Do you think Tom and Mary have already left?
Do you think Tom and Mary have any chance of winning?
Do you think Tom and Mary have both already left?
Do you think Tom and Mary have both put on weight?
Do you think Tom and Mary have changed?
Do you think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that kind of car?
Do you think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that?
Do you think Tom and Mary have finished doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary killed themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary knew you were lying to them?
Do you think Tom and Mary know I want to go to Boston?
Do you think Tom and Mary know about what we did?
Do you think Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary know how to get there?
Do you think Tom and Mary know how to swim?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what happened?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what needs to be done?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what we were doing here?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what's going on?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what's happening?
Do you think Tom and Mary know who we are?
Do you think Tom and Mary know why that happened?
Do you think Tom and Mary know?
Do you think Tom and Mary like doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary like me?
Do you think Tom and Mary like to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary need to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary really intend to drink that whole bottle of wine by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary really meant what they said?
Do you think Tom and Mary really wanted to do that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary understand?
Do you think Tom and Mary use hairspray?
Do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary want to eat now?
Do you think Tom and Mary want to go by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom and Mary want to live in Boston?
Do you think Tom and Mary were able to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary were alone?
Do you think Tom and Mary were amused by what was going on?
Do you think Tom and Mary were angry?
Do you think Tom and Mary were annoyed?
Do you think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic?
Do you think Tom and Mary were bored?
Do you think Tom and Mary were careful enough?
Do you think Tom and Mary were cold?
Do you think Tom and Mary were confused?
Do you think Tom and Mary were depressed?
Do you think Tom and Mary were drunk?
Do you think Tom and Mary were embarrassed?
Do you think Tom and Mary were finished doing that by 2:30?
Do you think Tom and Mary were helpful?
Do you think Tom and Mary were murdered?
Do you think Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you think Tom and Mary were satisfied?
Do you think Tom and Mary were telling the truth?
Do you think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole that?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do that soon?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do that together?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do?
Do you think Tom and Mary will eat together?
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever be friends?
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever get driver's licenses?
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever get married?
Do you think Tom and Mary will get along?
Do you think Tom and Mary will get married?
Do you think Tom and Mary will get the jobs they've applied for?
Do you think Tom and Mary will go to the dance together?
Do you think Tom and Mary will leave together?
Do you think Tom and Mary will let John do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gift I bought for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gift I bought them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gifts I bought for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gifts I bought them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will pass their driving tests?
Do you think Tom and Mary will sing together?
Do you think Tom and Mary will travel together?
Do you think Tom and Mary will want to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary would do that again if they had the chance?
Do you think Tom and Mary would do that if they had the chance?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like it if I did that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to help them do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to show them how to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary would've done that if we'd asked them to?
Do you think Tom and Mary would've wanted us to do that for them?
Do you think Tom answered those questions honestly?
Do you think Tom ate breakfast?
Do you think Tom believed what you said?
Do you think Tom believed what you told him?
Do you think Tom believed your story?
Do you think Tom bought it?
Do you think Tom bought that?
Do you think Tom can be trusted?
Do you think Tom can beat John?
Do you think Tom can do it?
Do you think Tom can do that by himself?
Do you think Tom can do that in less than three hours?
Do you think Tom can do that without any help?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting hurt?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting injured?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting killed?
Do you think Tom can do that without help?
Do you think Tom can do that?
Do you think Tom can find it?
Do you think Tom can handle it?
Do you think Tom can handle the situation?
Do you think Tom can help us?
Do you think Tom can help you?
Do you think Tom can pull it off?
Do you think Tom can really do that?
Do you think Tom can really take care of himself?
Do you think Tom can really win?
Do you think Tom can return?
Do you think Tom can speak French?
Do you think Tom can still do that?
Do you think Tom can still take care of himself?
Do you think Tom can swim?
Do you think Tom can take care of himself?
Do you think Tom can win?
Do you think Tom cares?
Do you think Tom could be an alien?
Do you think Tom could be bored?
Do you think Tom could be in Australia?
Do you think Tom could be in Boston?
Do you think Tom could be telling the truth?
Do you think Tom could do that by himself?
Do you think Tom could do that faster than Mary?
Do you think Tom could do that for us?
Do you think Tom could do that without getting hurt?
Do you think Tom could do that without getting injured?
Do you think Tom could do that without getting killed?
Do you think Tom could do that?
Do you think Tom could drive Mary home?
Do you think Tom could get Mary to do that?
Do you think Tom could get Mary to stop doing that?
Do you think Tom could handle it alone?
Do you think Tom could have done that?
Do you think Tom could have hurt them?
Do you think Tom could help us do that?
Do you think Tom could help us?
Do you think Tom could hurt them?
Do you think Tom could win?
Do you think Tom could've done that?
Do you think Tom could've hurt them?
Do you think Tom did it?
Do you think Tom did that for Mary?
Do you think Tom did that intentionally?
Do you think Tom did that just for kicks?
Do you think Tom did that on purpose?
Do you think Tom did that well?
Do you think Tom did that?
Do you think Tom did this?
Do you think Tom did well?
Do you think Tom didn't go because of what I said?
Do you think Tom didn't hear me?
Do you think Tom enjoyed the party?
Do you think Tom enjoys doing that?
Do you think Tom followed Mary's advice?
Do you think Tom got a fair trial?
Do you think Tom got it right?
Do you think Tom had a good time in Australia?
Do you think Tom had a good time in Boston?
Do you think Tom had a good time?
Do you think Tom had something to do with this?
Do you think Tom had something to hide?
Do you think Tom has a chance of winning?
Do you think Tom has a chance to win?
Do you think Tom has a chance?
Do you think Tom has a drug problem?
Do you think Tom has already done that?
Do you think Tom has already gone to bed?
Do you think Tom has already left?
Do you think Tom has any chance of being elected class president?
Do you think Tom has any chance of winning?
Do you think Tom has any idea why Mary did that?
Do you think Tom has been brainwashed?
Do you think Tom has been treated fairly?
Do you think Tom has been treated unfairly?
Do you think Tom has changed?
Do you think Tom has enough money to buy that kind of car?
Do you think Tom has enough money to buy that?
Do you think Tom has ever been married?
Do you think Tom has ever figured out how to do that?
Do you think Tom has finished doing that?
Do you think Tom has it?
Do you think Tom has lost weight?
Do you think Tom has put on weight?
Do you think Tom has to do that?
Do you think Tom hates me?
Do you think Tom helped Mary, too?
Do you think Tom hurt Mary?
Do you think Tom intended to do that?
Do you think Tom is OK?
Do you think Tom is a good boss?
Do you think Tom is a good cook?
Do you think Tom is a good driver?
Do you think Tom is a good singer?
Do you think Tom is a good songwriter?
Do you think Tom is afraid to do that?
Do you think Tom is afraid?
Do you think Tom is all right?
Do you think Tom is alone?
Do you think Tom is already retired?
Do you think Tom is angry?
Do you think Tom is any good at doing that?
Do you think Tom is awake?
Do you think Tom is becoming more like Mary?
Do you think Tom is behind what's happening now?
Do you think Tom is better looking than I am?
Do you think Tom is better looking than me?
Do you think Tom is bored?
Do you think Tom is boring?
Do you think Tom is broke?
Do you think Tom is busy?
Do you think Tom is cold?
Do you think Tom is coming to the party?
Do you think Tom is coming?
Do you think Tom is conceited?
Do you think Tom is dangerous?
Do you think Tom is dead?
Do you think Tom is dependable?
Do you think Tom is determined to do that?
Do you think Tom is difficult to get along with?
Do you think Tom is doing that now?
Do you think Tom is drunk?
Do you think Tom is eating now?
Do you think Tom is ever going to do that?
Do you think Tom is ever going to get married?
Do you think Tom is ever going to kiss Mary?
Do you think Tom is finished doing that?
Do you think Tom is fluent in French?
Do you think Tom is friendly?
Do you think Tom is funny?
Do you think Tom is glad that that's going to happen?
Do you think Tom is glad that's going to happen?
Do you think Tom is going bald?
Do you think Tom is going to agree to this?
Do you think Tom is going to be here this afternoon?
Do you think Tom is going to be there?
Do you think Tom is going to come to pick you up?
Do you think Tom is going to die?
Do you think Tom is going to do it?
Do you think Tom is going to do that?
Do you think Tom is going to find anything?
Do you think Tom is going to help us?
Do you think Tom is going to want to do that?
Do you think Tom is going to win?
Do you think Tom is good at it?
Do you think Tom is good-looking?
Do you think Tom is guilty?
Do you think Tom is handsome?
Do you think Tom is happier now?
Do you think Tom is happy?
Do you think Tom is having fun?
Do you think Tom is honest?
Do you think Tom is hungry?
Do you think Tom is in Australia?
Do you think Tom is in Boston?
Do you think Tom is in love with you?
Do you think Tom is in there?
Do you think Tom is in trouble?
Do you think Tom is influential?
Do you think Tom is innocent?
Do you think Tom is insane?
Do you think Tom is lonely?
Do you think Tom is lying to us?
Do you think Tom is lying?
Do you think Tom is making a mistake?
Do you think Tom is married?
Do you think Tom is more handsome than I am?
Do you think Tom is more intelligent than Mary?
Do you think Tom is planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom is planning to do that?
Do you think Tom is planning to help us?
Do you think Tom is ready for this?
Do you think Tom is ready to do that?
Do you think Tom is ready?
Do you think Tom is really as happy as he says he is?
Do you think Tom is really sorry?
Do you think Tom is really there?
Do you think Tom is reliable?
Do you think Tom is responsible for what happened?
Do you think Tom is retired already?
Do you think Tom is right?
Do you think Tom is sad?
Do you think Tom is satisfied?
Do you think Tom is seeing someone else?
Do you think Tom is selling company secrets to competitors?
Do you think Tom is sensible?
Do you think Tom is serious?
Do you think Tom is sick?
Do you think Tom is smarter than Mary?
Do you think Tom is sophisticated?
Do you think Tom is still active?
Do you think Tom is still afraid?
Do you think Tom is still alive?
Do you think Tom is still alone?
Do you think Tom is still angry?
Do you think Tom is still asleep?
Do you think Tom is still at home?
Do you think Tom is still awake?
Do you think Tom is still busy?
Do you think Tom is still cold?
Do you think Tom is still committed?
Do you think Tom is still confused?
Do you think Tom is still curious?
Do you think Tom is still dependable?
Do you think Tom is still depressed?
Do you think Tom is still desperate to do that?
Do you think Tom is still disorganized?
Do you think Tom is still doing that?
Do you think Tom is still downstairs?
Do you think Tom is still drunk?
Do you think Tom is still going to do that?
Do you think Tom is still groggy?
Do you think Tom is still here?
Do you think Tom is still hesitant to do that?
Do you think Tom is still home?
Do you think Tom is still homeless?
Do you think Tom is still homesick?
Do you think Tom is still hungry?
Do you think Tom is still in Australia?
Do you think Tom is still in Boston?
Do you think Tom is still in love with Mary?
Do you think Tom is still influential?
Do you think Tom is still interested in doing that?
Do you think Tom is still interested?
Do you think Tom is still lonely?
Do you think Tom is still lost?
Do you think Tom is still mad about that?
Do you think Tom is still mad at me?
Do you think Tom is still mad?
Do you think Tom is still married?
Do you think Tom is still motivated to do that?
Do you think Tom is still motivated?
Do you think Tom is still nervous?
Do you think Tom is still optimistic?
Do you think Tom is still outside?
Do you think Tom is still planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom is still planning to do that?
Do you think Tom is still poor?
Do you think Tom is still quicker at doing that than Mary?
Do you think Tom is still restless?
Do you think Tom is still safe?
Do you think Tom is still scared?
Do you think Tom is still single?
Do you think Tom is still skeptical?
Do you think Tom is still sleepy?
Do you think Tom is still suspicious?
Do you think Tom is still tense?
Do you think Tom is still tired?
Do you think Tom is still unbeatable?
Do you think Tom is still unconscious?
Do you think Tom is still unconvinced?
Do you think Tom is still undecided?
Do you think Tom is still undependable?
Do you think Tom is still unemployed?
Do you think Tom is still unimpressed?
Do you think Tom is still unlucky?
Do you think Tom is still unmarried?
Do you think Tom is still up?
Do you think Tom is still upset?
Do you think Tom is still worried about that?
Do you think Tom is still worried?
Do you think Tom is strong enough to lift that by himself?
Do you think Tom is strong enough?
Do you think Tom is stupid?
Do you think Tom is sympathetic?
Do you think Tom is talented?
Do you think Tom is telling the truth?
Do you think Tom is the one who broke the window?
Do you think Tom is the only one who can do that?
Do you think Tom is the person who did this?
Do you think Tom is through doing that?
Do you think Tom is too aggressive?
Do you think Tom is too young?
Do you think Tom is trustworthy?
Do you think Tom is ugly?
Do you think Tom is unapproachable?
Do you think Tom is unbiased?
Do you think Tom is unfair?
Do you think Tom is unfriendly?
Do you think Tom is unhappy?
Do you think Tom is uninteresting?
Do you think Tom is unkind?
Do you think Tom is unlucky?
Do you think Tom is unpleasant?
Do you think Tom is unpredictable?
Do you think Tom is unprejudiced?
Do you think Tom is unprincipled?
Do you think Tom is unreliable?
Do you think Tom is unscrupulous?
Do you think Tom is unsociable?
Do you think Tom is unsophisticated?
Do you think Tom is untidy?
Do you think Tom is untrustworthy?
Do you think Tom is upbeat?
Do you think Tom is vain?
Do you think Tom is weak?
Do you think Tom is wealthy?
Do you think Tom is well-built?
Do you think Tom is wise?
Do you think Tom is witty?
Do you think Tom is worried?
Do you think Tom is wrong?
Do you think Tom killed Mary?
Do you think Tom killed himself?
Do you think Tom kissed Mary?
Do you think Tom knew I was here?
Do you think Tom knew Mary was here?
Do you think Tom knew Mary was married?
Do you think Tom knew about that?
Do you think Tom knew about what Mary had done?
Do you think Tom knew anything about it?
Do you think Tom knew that that was going to happen?
Do you think Tom knew that was going to happen?
Do you think Tom knew you were lying to him?
Do you think Tom knows I like Mary?
Do you think Tom knows I like him?
Do you think Tom knows I want to go to Australia?
Do you think Tom knows I want to go to Boston?
Do you think Tom knows Mary is married?
Do you think Tom knows Mary likes John?
Do you think Tom knows Mary likes him?
Do you think Tom knows about what we did?
Do you think Tom knows already?
Do you think Tom knows how Mary did that?
Do you think Tom knows how to do that?
Do you think Tom knows how to get there?
Do you think Tom knows how to swim?
Do you think Tom knows that I want to go to Boston?
Do you think Tom knows that Mary is married?
Do you think Tom knows that Mary likes John?
Do you think Tom knows what happened?
Do you think Tom knows what needs to be done?
Do you think Tom knows what we were doing here?
Do you think Tom knows what's going on?
Do you think Tom knows what's happening?
Do you think Tom knows when Mary did that?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary did that?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary first met John?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary lives now?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary studied French?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary used to live?
Do you think Tom knows who we are?
Do you think Tom knows why that happened?
Do you think Tom knows?
Do you think Tom lied to us?
Do you think Tom lied?
Do you think Tom likes Mary?
Do you think Tom likes doing that?
Do you think Tom likes his job?
Do you think Tom likes me?
Do you think Tom likes taking the bus to school every day?
Do you think Tom likes to do that?
Do you think Tom likes you?
Do you think Tom looks like an old man?
Do you think Tom looks like his mother?
Do you think Tom loves Mary?
Do you think Tom loves me?
Do you think Tom made a good decision?
Do you think Tom made it all up?
Do you think Tom made it up?
Do you think Tom made that up?
Do you think Tom made the right decision?
Do you think Tom meant to do that?
Do you think Tom might be a little confused?
Do you think Tom might be able to do that for me?
Do you think Tom might be able to do that?
Do you think Tom might be able to win?
Do you think Tom might be afraid?
Do you think Tom might be angry?
Do you think Tom might be annoyed?
Do you think Tom might be asleep?
Do you think Tom might be awake?
Do you think Tom might be bored?
Do you think Tom might be busy?
Do you think Tom might be cold?
Do you think Tom might be correct?
Do you think Tom might be disappointed?
Do you think Tom might be dishonest?
Do you think Tom might be drunk?
Do you think Tom might be early?
Do you think Tom might be having an affair?
Do you think Tom might be here later?
Do you think Tom might be hungry?
Do you think Tom might be in Boston?
Do you think Tom might be in the mood to do that now?
Do you think Tom might be interested in doing that?
Do you think Tom might be just a little too impatient?
Do you think Tom might be late?
Do you think Tom might be part of the problem?
Do you think Tom might be sick?
Do you think Tom might be sleepy?
Do you think Tom might be suspicious?
Do you think Tom might be sympathetic?
Do you think Tom might be thirsty?
Do you think Tom might be tired?
Do you think Tom might be too confident?
Do you think Tom might be wrong?
Do you think Tom might come back?
Do you think Tom might do that for us?
Do you think Tom might do that?
Do you think Tom might enjoy doing that?
Do you think Tom might have a problem with that?
Do you think Tom might hurt you?
Do you think Tom might know Mary's phone number?
Do you think Tom might leave Boston soon?
Do you think Tom might like to do that?
Do you think Tom might like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom might like to go to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom might not be able to do that?
Do you think Tom might say no?
Do you think Tom might stop by?
Do you think Tom might want this?
Do you think Tom might win?
Do you think Tom misses Mary?
Do you think Tom needs help?
Do you think Tom needs to do that?
Do you think Tom realizes how much money his parents make?
Do you think Tom really did it?
Do you think Tom really did that?
Do you think Tom really did this without any help?
Do you think Tom really enjoys doing that?
Do you think Tom really intends to do that?
Do you think Tom really intends to drink that whole bottle of wine by himself?
Do you think Tom really intends to drop out of school?
Do you think Tom really intends to help?
Do you think Tom really knows what happened?
Do you think Tom really likes Mary?
Do you think Tom really meant to do that?
Do you think Tom really meant what he said?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do it that way?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that again?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that by himself?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that that way?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that yesterday?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that?
Do you think Tom really wants to do that?
Do you think Tom resembles his mother?
Do you think Tom saw Mary kissing John?
Do you think Tom saw Mary?
Do you think Tom saw anything?
Do you think Tom saw it, too?
Do you think Tom saw it?
Do you think Tom saw me?
Do you think Tom saw us?
Do you think Tom saw you take the keys?
Do you think Tom set the fire?
Do you think Tom should apologize?
Do you think Tom should be fired?
Do you think Tom should do that alone?
Do you think Tom should retire?
Do you think Tom speaks French better than Mary?
Do you think Tom still has any friends left in Australia?
Do you think Tom still has any friends left in Boston?
Do you think Tom still has many friends left in Australia?
Do you think Tom still has many friends left in Boston?
Do you think Tom still loves Mary?
Do you think Tom still remembers how to do that?
Do you think Tom still remembers me?
Do you think Tom still wants to do that?
Do you think Tom stole that?
Do you think Tom suffered much?
Do you think Tom suspected anything?
Do you think Tom talked to Mary?
Do you think Tom taught Mary how to do that?
Do you think Tom told the truth?
Do you think Tom told us the truth?
Do you think Tom trusts us?
Do you think Tom understands the problem?
Do you think Tom understands your problems?
Do you think Tom understands?
Do you think Tom uses hairspray?
Do you think Tom wanted to do that?
Do you think Tom wants help?
Do you think Tom wants me now?
Do you think Tom wants to do that now?
Do you think Tom wants to do that?
Do you think Tom wants to eat now?
Do you think Tom wants to go by himself?
Do you think Tom wants to go to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom wants to go to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom wants to live in Australia?
Do you think Tom wants to live in Boston?
Do you think Tom was able to do that?
Do you think Tom was able to win?
Do you think Tom was actually telling the truth?
Do you think Tom was alone?
Do you think Tom was amused by what was going on?
Do you think Tom was angry?
Do you think Tom was annoyed?
Do you think Tom was being disrespectful?
Do you think Tom was being sarcastic?
Do you think Tom was bored?
Do you think Tom was careful enough?
Do you think Tom was cold?
Do you think Tom was confused?
Do you think Tom was deliberately ignoring me?
Do you think Tom was depressed?
Do you think Tom was drunk?
Do you think Tom was embarrassed?
Do you think Tom was finished doing that by 2:30?
Do you think Tom was going to kill you?
Do you think Tom was helpful?
Do you think Tom was hungry?
Do you think Tom was impressed?
Do you think Tom was involved?
Do you think Tom was lying?
Do you think Tom was murdered?
Do you think Tom was really telling the truth?
Do you think Tom was right?
Do you think Tom was satisfied with the results?
Do you think Tom was satisfied?
Do you think Tom was telling the truth?
Do you think Tom was telling us the truth?
Do you think Tom was the last one to do that?
Do you think Tom was the one who did that?
Do you think Tom was the one who set the fire?
Do you think Tom was the one who stole that?
Do you think Tom was the one who taught Mary how to do that?
Do you think Tom was the one who taught Mary how to drive?
Do you think Tom went to Australia?
Do you think Tom went to Boston?
Do you think Tom will accept my invitation?
Do you think Tom will actually dance tonight?
Do you think Tom will actually do all that?
Do you think Tom will actually do that?
Do you think Tom will actually help us?
Do you think Tom will actually sing?
Do you think Tom will actually win?
Do you think Tom will agree to do that?
Do you think Tom will agree to help?
Do you think Tom will agree to see us?
Do you think Tom will agree to this?
Do you think Tom will agree with you?
Do you think Tom will agree?
Do you think Tom will allow Mary to do that?
Do you think Tom will allow me do that?
Do you think Tom will allow us to do that?
Do you think Tom will ask Mary to do that?
Do you think Tom will ask Mary to the prom?
Do you think Tom will ask you to the dance?
Do you think Tom will be able to attend the meeting?
Do you think Tom will be able to do that by himself?
Do you think Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think Tom will be able to get his money back?
Do you think Tom will be able to help us?
Do you think Tom will be able to teach Mary how to do that?
Do you think Tom will be able to teach Mary how to drive?
Do you think Tom will be absent?
Do you think Tom will be allowed to do that?
Do you think Tom will be at home tomorrow evening?
Do you think Tom will be at the party?
Do you think Tom will be back soon?
Do you think Tom will be back?
Do you think Tom will be careful?
Do you think Tom will be convicted?
Do you think Tom will be cooperative?
Do you think Tom will be doing that all day?
Do you think Tom will be early?
Do you think Tom will be embarrassed?
Do you think Tom will be enthusiastic?
Do you think Tom will be excited?
Do you think Tom will be exhausted?
Do you think Tom will be fine?
Do you think Tom will be fired?
Do you think Tom will be found guilty?
Do you think Tom will be found innocent?
Do you think Tom will be gone by the time we get there?
Do you think Tom will be here a long time?
Do you think Tom will be here on time?
Do you think Tom will be here this afternoon?
Do you think Tom will be here tomorrow?
Do you think Tom will be home on Monday?
Do you think Tom will be home on October 20th?
Do you think Tom will be in Australia all summer?
Do you think Tom will be in Boston all summer?
Do you think Tom will be late again?
Do you think Tom will be late?
Do you think Tom will be offended?
Do you think Tom will be permitted to do that?
Do you think Tom will be present at today's meeting?
Do you think Tom will be surprised?
Do you think Tom will be the first one to do that?
Do you think Tom will be the next one to do that?
Do you think Tom will be there?
Do you think Tom will be violent?
Do you think Tom will believe you?
Do you think Tom will buy it?
Do you think Tom will call tonight?
Do you think Tom will call?
Do you think Tom will change his mind?
Do you think Tom will come at the same time as usual?
Do you think Tom will come back tonight?
Do you think Tom will come to Australia?
Do you think Tom will come to pick you up?
Do you think Tom will come, too?
Do you think Tom will come?
Do you think Tom will cry?
Do you think Tom will die?
Do you think Tom will do anything else?
Do you think Tom will do it?
Do you think Tom will do that by himself?
Do you think Tom will do that tonight?
Do you think Tom will do that?
Do you think Tom will do the right thing?
Do you think Tom will do what we've asked him to do?
Do you think Tom will eat with us this evening?
Do you think Tom will enjoy the party?
Do you think Tom will ever change?
Do you think Tom will ever come here again?
Do you think Tom will ever do that again?
Do you think Tom will ever do that?
Do you think Tom will ever forgive me?
Do you think Tom will ever get a driver's license?
Do you think Tom will ever get married?
Do you think Tom will ever go to Australia?
Do you think Tom will ever kiss Mary?
Do you think Tom will ever make money doing that?
Do you think Tom will ever win?
Do you think Tom will find anything?
Do you think Tom will find us?
Do you think Tom will finish on time?
Do you think Tom will finish writing the report today?
Do you think Tom will forgive Mary?
Do you think Tom will forgive me?
Do you think Tom will forgive us?
Do you think Tom will get better soon?
Do you think Tom will get better?
Do you think Tom will get here early?
Do you think Tom will get home early?
Do you think Tom will get home soon?
Do you think Tom will get into Harvard?
Do you think Tom will get the job he's applied for?
Do you think Tom will get the job?
Do you think Tom will go home early?
Do you think Tom will go shopping with us tomorrow afternoon?
Do you think Tom will go skiing with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom will go swimming with us tomorrow?
Do you think Tom will go willingly?
Do you think Tom will graduate this year?
Do you think Tom will have time to help us?
Do you think Tom will have to do that?
Do you think Tom will help Mary do that?
Do you think Tom will help me?
Do you think Tom will help us?
Do you think Tom will help you do that?
Do you think Tom will hurt me?
Do you think Tom will invite me to his party?
Do you think Tom will keep his promise?
Do you think Tom will keep his word?
Do you think Tom will laugh at us?
Do you think Tom will lend me the money I need?
Do you think Tom will let Mary do that for him?
Do you think Tom will let Mary do that?
Do you think Tom will let Mary drive?
Do you think Tom will let Mary win?
Do you think Tom will let me borrow his car?
Do you think Tom will let me do that?
Do you think Tom will let me drive?
Do you think Tom will let me win?
Do you think Tom will let us do that?
Do you think Tom will let us go?
Do you think Tom will let us win?
Do you think Tom will let you do that?
Do you think Tom will let you drive?
Do you think Tom will let you win?
Do you think Tom will like doing that?
Do you think Tom will like it?
Do you think Tom will like me?
Do you think Tom will like my gift?
Do you think Tom will like that?
Do you think Tom will like the concert?
Do you think Tom will like the gift I bought for him?
Do you think Tom will like the gift I bought him?
Do you think Tom will like the gift that I bought for him?
Do you think Tom will like this gift?
Do you think Tom will like this shirt?
Do you think Tom will like this?
Do you think Tom will likely do that?
Do you think Tom will likely win?
Do you think Tom will make an appearance?
Do you think Tom will need to do that?
Do you think Tom will pass his driving test?
Do you think Tom will permit Mary do that?
Do you think Tom will permit Mary to do that?
Do you think Tom will permit me do that?
Do you think Tom will permit us to do that?
Do you think Tom will play squash?
Do you think Tom will reach the top of the mountain?
Do you think Tom will really do that?
Do you think Tom will really help?
Do you think Tom will really sing tonight?
Do you think Tom will really win?
Do you think Tom will recover?
Do you think Tom will remember me?
Do you think Tom will remember us?
Do you think Tom will say yes?
Do you think Tom will see me?
Do you think Tom will show up?
Do you think Tom will stay in Australia long?
Do you think Tom will stay in Boston long?
Do you think Tom will stay long?
Do you think Tom will still be able to do that after the operation?
Do you think Tom will succeed?
Do you think Tom will swim tomorrow?
Do you think Tom will talk to me?
Do you think Tom will tell the truth?
Do you think Tom will try harder next time?
Do you think Tom will understand it?
Do you think Tom will understand that?
Do you think Tom will understand this?
Do you think Tom will understand?
Do you think Tom will visit us next summer?
Do you think Tom will volunteer to do that?
Do you think Tom will wait for me?
Do you think Tom will wait for you?
Do you think Tom will want to do that?
Do you think Tom will want to go with Mary?
Do you think Tom will want to learn French?
Do you think Tom will win the race?
Do you think Tom will win?
Do you think Tom won't be able to do it?
Do you think Tom won't be able to do that?
Do you think Tom would actually help me?
Do you think Tom would allow Mary to do that?
Do you think Tom would allow me to do that?
Do you think Tom would allow that to happen?
Do you think Tom would allow us to do that?
Do you think Tom would be able to do that by himself?
Do you think Tom would be able to do that for us?
Do you think Tom would be able to do that?
Do you think Tom would be able to pick Mary up at the airport?
Do you think Tom would be able to repair this?
Do you think Tom would be afraid to do that?
Do you think Tom would be happy doing that?
Do you think Tom would be hesitant to do that?
Do you think Tom would be interested in doing that?
Do you think Tom would be miserable doing that?
Do you think Tom would be motivated to do that?
Do you think Tom would be nervous doing that?
Do you think Tom would be obliged to do that?
Do you think Tom would be quiet doing that?
Do you think Tom would be reluctant to do that for us?
Do you think Tom would be reluctant to do that?
Do you think Tom would be tempted to do that?
Do you think Tom would be unable to do that?
Do you think Tom would be willing to babysit our kids?
Do you think Tom would be willing to dance for us?
Do you think Tom would be willing to do that for me?
Do you think Tom would be willing to do that for us?
Do you think Tom would be willing to do that?
Do you think Tom would be willing to help me?
Do you think Tom would be willing to help us?
Do you think Tom would be willing to help?
Do you think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that?
Do you think Tom would be willing to sing for us?
Do you think Tom would care if I ate one of these donuts?
Do you think Tom would care if I did that?
Do you think Tom would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think Tom would care if Mary did that?
Do you think Tom would care if Mary didn't do that?
Do you think Tom would care if we did that?
Do you think Tom would care if we didn't do that?
Do you think Tom would consider dating my younger sister?
Do you think Tom would do that again if he had the chance?
Do you think Tom would do that by himself?
Do you think Tom would do that for me?
Do you think Tom would do that if he had the chance?
Do you think Tom would do that?
Do you think Tom would enjoy doing that with us?
Do you think Tom would enjoy doing that?
Do you think Tom would enjoy playing tennis with us?
Do you think Tom would ever consider doing that?
Do you think Tom would ever hurt Mary?
Do you think Tom would give this to us?
Do you think Tom would give us this?
Do you think Tom would go on a date with me?
Do you think Tom would go out with me?
Do you think Tom would go to Boston with me if I asked him to?
Do you think Tom would have been happy if he'd known?
Do you think Tom would have done it that way?
Do you think Tom would have done it the same way Mary did it?
Do you think Tom would have done it this way?
Do you think Tom would have done something that stupid?
Do you think Tom would have done that if we'd asked him to?
Do you think Tom would have done that that way?
Do you think Tom would have done that?
Do you think Tom would have enjoyed doing that?
Do you think Tom would have enjoyed going to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom would have helped us?
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to do that for Mary?
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to do that for him?
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to do that?
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to stay longer?
Do you think Tom would help Mary do that?
Do you think Tom would help me do that?
Do you think Tom would help me?
Do you think Tom would help us?
Do you think Tom would help?
Do you think Tom would know how to fix this?
Do you think Tom would know the answer?
Do you think Tom would lend me $300?
Do you think Tom would let me do that?
Do you think Tom would let me drive?
Do you think Tom would let us do that?
Do you think Tom would like it if I did that for him?
Do you think Tom would like it if Mary did that?
Do you think Tom would like me to do that for him?
Do you think Tom would like me to do that?
Do you think Tom would like me to help him do that?
Do you think Tom would like me to show him how to do that?
Do you think Tom would like this?
Do you think Tom would like to do that now?
Do you think Tom would like to do that?
Do you think Tom would like to eat with us?
Do you think Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom would like to go fishing with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom would like to go to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom would likely do that for us?
Do you think Tom would likely do that?
Do you think Tom would mind doing that?
Do you think Tom would mind helping me do that?
Do you think Tom would mind if I came with you guys?
Do you think Tom would mind if I did that?
Do you think Tom would mind if I didn't do that today?
Do you think Tom would mind if I didn't do that?
Do you think Tom would mind if Mary did that?
Do you think Tom would mind if we didn't do that?
Do you think Tom would permit Mary to do that?
Do you think Tom would permit me do that?
Do you think Tom would permit me to do that?
Do you think Tom would permit us to do that?
Do you think Tom would really agree to do that?
Do you think Tom would really do that?
Do you think Tom would really sing for us?
Do you think Tom would really want to dance with me?
Do you think Tom would really want to do that?
Do you think Tom would sell me one of his paintings?
Do you think Tom would show me how to do that?
Do you think Tom would sing at our wedding?
Do you think Tom would still be able to do that for us?
Do you think Tom would still be hesitant to do that?
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that for us?
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that?
Do you think Tom would teach French to my children?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to do that?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to drive?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to play the mandolin?
Do you think Tom would try to do that?
Do you think Tom would wait for me?
Do you think Tom would wait?
Do you think Tom would want one of these?
Do you think Tom would want to do that?
Do you think Tom would want to go with us?
Do you think Tom would want to join us?
Do you think Tom would've done it that way?
Do you think Tom would've done it the same way Mary did it?
Do you think Tom would've done it this way?
Do you think Tom would've done something that stupid?
Do you think Tom would've done that if we'd asked him to?
Do you think Tom would've done that that way?
Do you think Tom would've done that?
Do you think Tom would've enjoyed doing that?
Do you think Tom would've enjoyed going to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom would've enjoyed going to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom would've helped us?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that for Mary?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that for him?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to stay longer?
Do you think Tom wrote this?
Do you think Tom's answer was right?
Do you think Tom's right?
Do you think Tom's story is true?
Do you think Tom's telling the truth?
Do you think Turkey is a good model for Algeria to follow?
Do you think VR will catch on?
Do you think Ziri should give Rima another chance?
Do you think Ziri won?
Do you think Ziri's story is true?
Do you think a bit of salt will improve the taste?
Do you think a city-slicker like Tom would be happy living on a farm?
Do you think a fight will transpire after school today?
Do you think a leader will emerge that would relieve this discontent in Algeria?
Do you think a little salt will improve the flavour?
Do you think a little salt would improve the flavor?
Do you think a male Gemini would get on well with a female Pisces?
Do you think a man and a woman might be friends?
Do you think a peasant girl living a more organic life than you in a forsaken country, as she uses cow dung to make fire, is in a way richer than you?
Do you think a pipsqueak like you can stop me?
Do you think a pitbull would approach a huge dude like Dan?
Do you think about Boston a lot?
Do you think about Tom a lot?
Do you think about adopting a pet?
Do you think about her a lot?
Do you think about her often?
Do you think about him a lot?
Do you think about me a lot?
Do you think about them a lot?
Do you think about us a lot?
Do you think about your place in the world?
Do you think aliens exist?
Do you think all Canadian girls are attractive?
Do you think all nations are alike?
Do you think all officials are corrupt?
Do you think animals have a soul?
Do you think animals have souls?
Do you think anybody can stop Tom from doing that?
Do you think anybody else in your office will get married this year?
Do you think anybody else is on board?
Do you think anybody knows why Tom did that?
Do you think anybody knows why Tom didn't do that?
Do you think anybody will care if Tom does that?
Do you think anybody will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think anybody would care if I did that?
Do you think anybody would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think anybody would care if Tom did that?
Do you think anybody would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think anybody would care if we did that?
Do you think anybody would care if we didn't do that?
Do you think anybody would pay more than thirty dollars for this?
Do you think anyone can become a doctor?
Do you think anyone can see me?
Do you think anyone can see us?
Do you think anyone else in your office will get married this year?
Do you think anyone is going to hear us?
Do you think anyone is watching us?
Do you think anyone knows why Tom didn't do that?
Do you think anyone was here while we were out?
Do you think anyone will be able to overhear what we're talking about?
Do you think anyone will be disappointed?
Do you think anyone will care if Tom and Mary do that?
Do you think anyone will care if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Do you think anyone will care if Tom does that?
Do you think anyone will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think anyone will volunteer?
Do you think anyone would care if I did that?
Do you think anyone would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think anyone would care if Tom did that?
Do you think anyone would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think anyone would care if we did that?
Do you think anyone would care if we didn't do that?
Do you think anyone would mind if I did that?
Do you think anyone would mind if I parked my car here?
Do you think anyone would mind if we did that?
Do you think anyone would object if we did that?
Do you think anything has happened yet?
Do you think art can change the world?
Do you think being a polyglot has influenced your personality in any way?
Do you think both Tom and Mary have already left?
Do you think both Tom and Mary have put on weight?
Do you think breaking the dishes was symbolic?
Do you think bus drivers carry guns?
Do you think children born today will have better lives than their parents?
Do you think children's cartoons should be didactic? Or just for fun?
Do you think college graduates are smarter than people who didn't go to college?
Do you think cows are smart?
Do you think creativity is essential?
Do you think desiccated coconut will do for the topping instead of hundreds and thousands?
Do you think dogs go to heaven?
Do you think dogs would make good writers or would cats be better at the craft?
Do you think doing that is going to be easy?
Do you think doing that was fun?
Do you think doing that will really help?
Do you think doing that would be OK?
Do you think doing that would be a good idea?
Do you think doing that would be dangerous?
Do you think doing that would be fun?
Do you think doing that would be safe?
Do you think dreams predict the future?
Do you think dreams shape the future?
Do you think e-books will replace paper ones?
Do you think eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think eating together with your family is important?
Do you think eating with your family is important?
Do you think even the worst person can change?
Do you think everyone enjoyed the party?
Do you think everything is a game?
Do you think everything will fit?
Do you think first impressions are usually accurate?
Do you think first impressions can spark love?
Do you think fish can hear?
Do you think fried chicken should be eaten with a fork or with your fingers?
Do you think ghosts are real?
Do you think handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think he believes us?
Do you think he can help me out?
Do you think he can really change?
Do you think he could help us?
Do you think he did it?
Do you think he did the job on his own?
Do you think he expects you to sleep with him?
Do you think he hates me?
Do you think he hurt himself?
Do you think he is a good driver?
Do you think he is dead?
Do you think he is good for the position?
Do you think he is leading a double life?
