The man is under the tree.
The man is unhappy because he doesn't know he's happy.
The man is using the landline to call.
The man is very old.
The man is very puzzled.
The man is visiting Moscow.
The man is waking up.
The man is wanted for murder.
The man is watching a film.
The man is wearing a hearing aid.
The man is wearing a pair of glasses.
The man is wearing grubby clothes.
The man is weighing the fish.
The man is well-known all over the village.
The man is well-known in the whole village.
The man is writing in the notebook.
The man is young.
The man isn't made for this.
The man isn't running.
The man isn't writing a letter.
The man jumped at our offer of a half-price bargain sale.
The man jumps across the stream.
The man kept saying something in Berber.
The man kept saying something in French I couldn't understand.
The man kept saying something in French that I couldn't understand.
The man kept talking for an hour.
The man killed the woman.
The man kisses the woman.
The man laughed.
The man lay asleep all day long.
The man lay motionless.
The man leapt to his death.
The man left the restaurant without paying his bill.
The man left the restaurant without paying.
The man left without paying his bill.
The man left without paying the bill.
The man lent me two books this morning.
The man likes to play soccer.
The man lit a cigarette with a lighter.
The man lives from hand to mouth and never saves a cent.
The man lives in Honolulu.
The man lives on Kīlauea.
The man living in the cottage is blind.
The man looked at Tom, then vanished through the stage door out into the dark London street.
The man looked at me.
The man looked at the clock.
The man looked huge.
The man looked up from his book and, noticing nothing newsworthy, returned his gaze to the page and continued reading.
The man looks down on me.
The man looks into the mirror, the mirror looks into him.
The man lost all hope.
The man lost his way in the woods.
The man lost no time in reading his paper.
The man loves the house.
The man loves the woman.
The man made to grab at me.
The man mastered himself with a violent effort, and his grim mouth loosened into a false laugh, which was more menacing than his frown.
The man matches the description.
The man may feel pressure to provide guidance and direction.
The man missed his family.
The man moved aside to let her enter the room.
The man murdered his wife and her lover.
The man must be insane.
The man must be over sixty, for his hair is gray.
The man must have succeeded in business by virtue of his efforts.
The man must value the pipe highly when he prefers to patch it up rather than buy a new one with the same money.
The man must work.
The man never told the police what his destination was.
The man next door said he goes for a jog every morning.
The man next door said he jogs every morning.
The man next door seems to have hurt his back.
The man next door seems to have injured his back.
The man next to me on the bus was snoring.
The man noticed the enthusiastic shill as he passed by on the street, and decided to avoid the predictably rigged shell game.
The man of wisdom sees the divine substance in everything.
The man on the bench was obviously dead.
The man on the floor had a knife in his back.
The man on the left is Tom.
The man on the phone identified himself as Tom Jackson.
The man on the phone told me that if I don't pay the ransom, I'll never see my little Johnny again!
The man on the porch looked like Tom.
The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.
The man over there feeding pigeons is my grandfather.
The man over there is Tom.
The man painting the wall is my father.
The man passed away a few hours ago.
The man passed by without so much as glancing at her.
The man peeped through a hole in the wall.
The man planted a tree
The man playing the piano is named Tom Jackson.
The man pleaded for mercy, but he was sentenced to twenty years in prison for his crime.
The man pleaded self-defence.
The man plucked up courage and pulled the trigger.
The man pointed his rifle at the police inspectors.
The man proceeded briskly across fields and mountains.
The man promised to no longer cheat.
The man puffed smoke into her face.
The man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger.
The man quickly ate the small egg.
The man raised his hand to ask a question.
The man ran away.
The man ran into the room wearing a boot on his head, shouted a bunch of gibberish, and promptly exited.
The man ranted and raved, but her well practiced customer service smile remained unflinching.
The man reading a book over there is my father.
The man reading a newspaper is his father.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
The man regained the use of his left arm.
The man reportedly ran.
The man returned from his vacation full of beans.
The man robbed Susan of all her money.
The man robbed her bag.
The man robbed her of her bag.
The man robbed her of her handbag.
The man robbed him of all his money.
The man robbed me of my bag.
The man robbed me of my purse.
The man robbed the old man of the bag.
The man robbed the traveler of his money.
The man rode a horse.
The man running down the street seemed terrified.
The man running over there is my uncle.
The man saddled the mule.
The man said he was innocent of the crime.
The man said his name was Tom Jackson.
The man said something to the driver in a weak voice.
The man said yes, but only if I promised.
The man saw the driver who caused the accident.
The man seeks pleasure in danger.
The man seemed to be beside himself with excitement.
The man sees what he thinks is a young girl.
The man seized him by the neck.
The man set himself on fire.
The man she's going to marry is an astronaut.
The man shot three birds with a gun.
The man should be open to advice from other family members.
The man shoved her aside.
The man sitting at the counter seemed sad.
The man sitting next to Tom is his father.
The man sitting next to me on the plane slept the whole way.
The man sitting next to me on the train looked very tired.
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.
The man sitting on that bench is Tom.
The man sitting on the bus next to me and I talked the entire trip.
The man sitting on the park bench didn't seem to be awake.
The man sitting over there is a famous singer.
The man sitting over there is my uncle.
The man sitting there is a famous singer.
The man slumped to the floor.
The man smells the milk.
The man smiled grimly, and brought a hatchet and a club.
The man sold his soul to the devil.
The man speaks English with a German accent.
The man spoke before me.
The man spoke in a low voice.
The man spoke with a small voice.
The man standing by the door is a famous singer.
The man standing in front of the hotel asked me if I needed a taxi.
The man standing in front of the hotel looks a little like Tom.
The man standing over there is Mr Smith.
The man standing over there is Mr. Smith.
The man standing over there is Tom.
The man standing over there is the owner of the store.
The man standing over there looks a lot like Tom.
The man standing over there next to the bookcase has a photographic memory.
The man standing there wasn't Tom.
The man stared down his sparring partner before giving him a right hook to the jaw.
The man started to look left to right without saying anything.
The man stepped aside for her to enter the room.
The man steps off the freight elevator.
The man stole her purse.
The man stole my handbag.
The man stole my purse.
The man stole my wallet.
The man stood on the road, blocking Ziri's only way out.
The man stood there, dumbfounded.
The man stood up and began to sing.
The man stood up.
The man stood very slowly.
The man strikes me as being dishonest.
The man stumbles, as if he is about to fall.
The man suddenly started shooting his gun.
The man suddenly struck me on the head.
The man surrendered without resistance.
The man suspected of murdering Tom has been arrested by the police.
The man suspected of murdering Tom has been arrested.
The man swimming in the river is my friend.
The man takes the horses to the water.
The man talked for an hour.
The man talking with our boss is Hiroshi.
The man talking with our boss is Mr. Jackson.
The man tells a long-winded story.
The man terrified the little children.
The man that I met in the park yesterday said his name was Tom.
The man that I met in the park yesterday said that his name was Tom.
The man that I met is a lawyer.
The man that I see is very tall.
The man that I talked to on the bus said he'd been to Australia three times.
The man that I talked to on the bus said that he'd been to Australia three times.
The man that I visited was Mr. Doi.
The man that I visited was Tom.
The man that lays his hand upon a woman, save in the way of kindness, is a wretch whom't were gross flattery to name a coward.
The man that lays his hand upon a woman, save in the way of kindness, is a wretch whom’t were gross flattery to name a coward.
The man that the police are looking for is armed and dangerous.
The man that we saw in the park wasn't Tom.
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr. Brown.
The man that you'll get a letter from is on holiday now.
The man that you’ll get a letter from is on holiday now.
The man the police are looking for is armed and dangerous.
The man the police arrested has now been released.
The man they're talking about has been dead for a long time.
The man thought he could influence the outcome of the match.
The man threatened Tom with violence.
The man threw a bag across his shoulder.
The man threw his flute into the lake.
The man to whom I spoke was a German, not an American.
The man told me his name, Yanni, and said he was from Algeria.
The man took a card from his pocket and handed it to her with a bow.
The man took my arm.
The man took the box and fled the country.
The man took the boy by the hand.
The man took up with his wife.
The man tried to catch hold of me by the collar.
The man tried to escape the shark.
The man tried to install his own aerial.
The man tried to install his own antenna.
The man tries the coffee.
The man turned out to be a private detective.
The man turned out to be the captain.
The man turned permanently blue after he drank the silver solution.
The man used a great deal of money to gain power.
The man used a large amount of money to gain power.
The man used a lot of money to gain power.
The man used lots of money to gain power.
The man used much money to gain power.
The man usually gives the woman a diamond engagement ring. That tradition is said to have started when Archduke Maximilian of Austria gave a diamond ring to the woman he wanted to marry. The diamond represented beauty.
The man waiting for Tom is Mary's friend.
The man waiting for the bus lost his temper.
The man waiting in the lobby wouldn't give me his name.
The man waiting in the lobby wouldn't tell me his name.
The man wakes up his friend.
The man walked around the corner.
The man walked round the corner.
The man walked similar to Tom.
The man walking over there is our teacher.
The man wanked in front of his wife.
The man wanted to call his father.
The man wanted to have a drink.
The man wanted water again, but there was just a little bit.
The man wants to know the truth.
The man was Brahms and Liszt.
The man was a complete stranger to her. She had never seen him before.
The man was a fountain of knowledge.
The man was a huge hulking fellow in corduroys, but he did not look the villain by a long shot.
The man was a total stranger.
The man was a wretch.
The man was acting strangely.
The man was arrested as a spy.
The man was arrested by the police.
The man was ashamed of being born poor.
The man was banging a blow-up doll.
The man was behaving oddly.
The man was behind Yanni and Skura, following at a safe distance.
The man was bitten by a dog.
The man was booked on suspicion of murder.
The man was branded as a traitor.
The man was charged with theft.
The man was condemned to death.
The man was devoid of such human feelings as sympathy.
The man was drunk as a mouse.
The man was drunk as a skunk.
The man was dying.
The man was dying—dying from hunger and from thirst.
The man was eating bread.
The man was folding and unfolding his arms.
The man was forcibly removed from the airplane.
The man was found dead in his bedroom in the morning.
The man was given a life sentence.
The man was gone.
The man was gored by the sheep in the stable.
The man was handed over to the police.
The man was held in police custody.
The man was hiding in a dense forest.
The man was identified as Leon Smith.
The man was immediately arrested.
The man was imprisoned for murder.
The man was in rags.
The man was jailed as spy.
The man was just another zombie.
The man was later identified as the missing hiker.
The man was looking right at Gabor.
The man was lost sight of in the crowd.
The man was lying unconscious on the floor.
The man was mild of manner.
The man was never identified.
The man was no better than a horse.
The man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed.
The man was of normal height.
The man was on the brink of death.
The man was perplexed.
The man was probably homeless.
The man was quite a stud and had several girlfriends.
The man was said to be part of a rogue militant group.
The man was saying it when I came in.
The man was sitting on a fallen tree.
The man was so agitated that the police could not handcuff him.
The man was surprised at the news.
The man was taken to hospital.
The man was talking about his youth.
The man was tall, had a reddish face, and was dressed in a long, brownish coat.
The man was too fat to move by himself.
The man was traveling with a stolen passport.
The man was up again in a moment, and with convulsive strength he seized Holmes by the throat, but I struck him on the head with the butt of my revolver, and he dropped again upon the floor.
The man was used to treating this kind of wound.
The man was wearing a flannel shirt.
The man was wearing a striped shirt.
The man was working hard on the field yesterday.
The man was young.
The man washing the car is Mr Jones.
The man washing the car is Mr. Jones.
The man washing the car is Tom.
The man watched his own son die.
The man watched his wife watch her kids.
The man watched the sun set below the horizon.
The man watches me.
The man we met yesterday is called Yidir.
The man we saw in the park was Mr Hill.
The man we saw in the park was Mr. Hill.
The man we saw kicking the dog wasn't Tom.
The man we saw this morning is Tom Jackson.
The man we saw this morning was Mr Green.
The man we saw this morning was Mr. Green.
The man we trusted deceived us.
The man we were talking about the other day used to work as a clown.
The man wearing a black coat seemed to be talking to the woman wearing a red scarf.
The man wearing a hat is smiling at me.
The man wearing glasses is an old Chinese author.
The man wearing the blue jacket is Tom.
The man wearing the blue tie is Tom.
The man wearing the cap is greeting you.
The man wearing the green jacket is Tom.
The man wearing the jacket is Freddy.
The man wearing the red baseball cap seemed angry.
The man wearing the red tie is the only one here I don't know.
The man wears brown shoes.
The man wears glasses.
The man went begging from door to door.
The man went into the next room.
The man went off at last.
The man went out of his way to take me to the station.
The man went to pieces when the judge said he would have to go to prison for life.
The man went to the door, and returned to announce that all was quiet.
The man went up the stairs.
The man wept with happiness.
The man who I thought was his father proved to be a perfect stranger.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
The man who answered the door was holding a gun.
The man who broke into Tom's house stole Tom's violin.
The man who came to visit you didn't say who he was.
The man who designed the building is Algerian.
The man who designed this building wasn't Turkish but Algerian.
The man who does not know how to keep quiet does not know how to talk.
The man who entered the room was a striking figure. Very tall, with a well knit athletic frame, and a deeply bronzed face and neck, he dominated the assembly.
The man who fears nothing is as powerful as he who is feared by everybody.
The man who fell down couldn't stand up.
The man who fell off his bicycle seemed to be in a lot of pain.
The man who gave his wife his paycheck was wiser than the one who gave it to his lover.
The man who goes the furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
The man who got injured was a Canadian tourist.
The man who has once committed a murder is no worse in nature, necessarily, after than before the deed, and no more dangerous to society, that is if he is a man of intelligence; because he has done it once is no reason that he will do it again, any more than the fact that he has never done it is an assurance that he never will.
The man who held up the liquor store wore a mask.
The man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere.
The man who is driving the bus is my best friend.
The man who is standing over there is my father.
The man who is standing there is my father.
The man who is thoroughly convinced of the universal operation of the law of causation cannot for a moment entertain the idea of a being who interferes in the course of events — that is, if he takes the hypothesis of causality really seriously.
The man who is waving to me is my uncle.
The man who lived here died a long time ago.
The man who lives next door is Mary's lover.
The man who lives next door is a pretty good clarinetist.
The man who lives next door to me is a doctor.
The man who lives next door to us is a famous actor.
The man who lives next to Tom is quite peculiar.
The man who lives next to Tom is very strange.
The man who looked through the window caught my attention because he had on the strangest hat I've ever seen in my life.
The man who looks like me standing next to my sister is my twin brother.
The man who makes but one mistake a year because he makes but two decisions is wrong fifty per cent of the time.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The man who nearly drowned began to breathe.
The man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them, inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehood and errors.
The man who normally loves under the sun frantically worships under the moon.
The man who rang an hour ago was Frank.
The man who runs may fight again.
The man who served as the first president after the fall of the regime now bemoans the fact that the high democratic ideals he fought for are ignored.
The man who she knew was wanted by the police suddenly appeared at the back door.
The man who shot McKinley was Leon Czolgosz.
The man who shot Tom had a gun with a silencer on it.
The man who shot him was Sirhan Bishara Sirhan.
The man who shot the hare is a hunter.
The man who stepped out was frowning.
The man who stole Tom's bike was John.
The man who stole my wallet was arrested yesterday.
The man who stole my wallet yesterday has been arrested.
The man who stops learning is as good as dead.
The man who telephoned an hour ago was Frank.
The man who throws the furthest will be the winner.
The man who was arrested for murder asked to plead the fifth.
The man who was injured in the accident was taken to hospital.
The man who was smoking said, "He doesn't come here any more."
The man who was smoking said, "He doesn’t come here any more."
The man who we saw in the morning is Mr Green.
The man who will become Japan’s next prime minister is the son of strawberry farmers, with an unpretentious personality and a penchant for exceeding others’ expectations of him.
The man who wrote this book is a doctor.
The man who you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
The man who's driving the bus is my father.
The man who's sitting next to Tom is his father.
The man whom I found myself facing was a well built, fresh-complexioned young fellow, with a frank, honest face and a slight, crisp, yellow moustache.
The man whom I was due to meet cannot come.
The man whom she is going to marry is an astronaut.
The man whom she is marrying is an astronaut.
The man whom she is talking with is Mr Allen.
The man whom we saw in the park was Mr Hill.
The man whom you see over there is my uncle.
The man whose bike Tom stole was John.
The man whose bike was stolen was Tom.
The man whose work it is to amuse people who attend a show is an entertainer.
The man will eat the meal.
The man with a Western way of thinking believes that you can sort out everything with money - and unfortunately, he's right.
The man with chest hair bothers me.
The man with the binoculars is Tom.
The man with the blue hat is Sami.
The man with the gun threatened to kill Tom's dog.
The man with the machete had a sadistic smile on his face.
The man with whom she is talking is Mr Allen.
The man wore English clothes, but he wasn't English.
The man wore a feather in his felt hat.
The man wore a gun on his hip.
The man wore a mask of a tiger.
The man works in his office.
The man would jump at our offer of a half price bargain sale.
The man wrote down the name for fear he should forget it.
The man wrote the name down out of fear that he'd forget it.
The man wrote the name down, afraid that he'd forget it.
The man you just saw is a great musician.
The man you killed was a body double. The real Tom Jackson is still alive.
The man you met at the station is my father.
The man you met yesterday was Mr Brown.
The man you met yesterday was Mr. Brown.
The man you met yesterday was Tom Jackson.
The man you met yesterday was Tom.
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
The man you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
The man you see on the screen is Abdelaziz Bouteflika, Algeria's former president.
The man you see over there is a famous writer.
The man you see over there is my uncle.
The man you were talking with is my uncle.
The man you're looking for is coming towards us.
The man's a genius.
The man's behavior was very odd.
The man's body temperature is higher than normal.
The man's demands escalated even further.
The man's eyes were fixed upon the northern horizon.
The man's face was burned so badly that it was unidentifiable.
The man's got me down.
The man's innuendos had left Mary feeling rather uncomfortable.
The man's name is Tom Jackson.
The man's name is Tom.
The man's name was Francisco Pizarro.
The man's novel, with which he had read himself to sleep, was lying upon the bed, and his pipe was on a chair beside him.
The man's odd movements are suspicious.
The man's shirts are in the closet.
The man's skull had been shattered by a blow from a poker delivered from behind.
The man's statement to the pretty girl that he was a millionaire was all eye-wash.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking ended in failure.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking failed.
The man's twenty years younger than you, and don't you fool yourself as to what he married you for.
The man's wife left him because he was abusive.
The man, Oedipus, trembled.
The man, as the story goes, was so crazed with fear that he could scarce speak, but at last he said that he had indeed seen the unhappy maiden, with the hounds upon her track.
The man, however, didn't take off his coat but held it close.
The man, in short, is not to be trusted.
The man, who had not eaten for three days, had trouble thinking about anything except food.
The man, who was high on cocaine, tried to attack the crew with coffee pots.
The man, whom I didn't know at all, knew about me well.
The man, whom I didn’t know at all, knew about me well.
The management and the union were reconciled.
The management finally succumbed to the demand of the workers and gave them a raise.
The management has agreed to have talks with the workers.
The management of a company offered a 5% pay increase to the union.
The management of that company is sexist.
The management refused to come to terms.
The management regrets any inconvenience to customers caused by the building work.
The management said that a wage increase was out of the question.
The management tended to be too concerned about short-term improvement of the bottom line to have any long-term design for the future.
The management wishes to inform guests that the television has been fitted with an anti-theft device.
The manager advanced a proposal at the meeting.
The manager advanced him two weeks' wages.
The manager advanced him two weeks’ wages.
The manager and coach stood on the touchline shouting out instructions to their team.
The manager approved our plan.
The manager asked for a coat hanger to be installed near the entrance last season.
The manager asked me if I wanted my old job back.
The manager assembled the players on the field.
The manager at the restaurant got embarassed when he saw there was hair on the plate.
The manager balanced the strength of his team against that of their opponent and sighed.
The manager bestowed a trophy on him.
The manager blamed himself for the failure.
The manager called an urgent staff meeting.
The manager came up with a fully satisfying proposal.
The manager complimented him on his achievement.
The manager controls his men at will.
The manager deals with many problems.
The manager demands that we do our jobs as well as possible.
The manager dismisses someone almost once a month now, and I don't know how we can flip burgers any faster or better or with more team spirit or whatever it is that he wants.
The manager dismisses someone almost once a month now, and I don’t know how we can flip burgers any faster or better or with more team spirit or whatever it is that he wants.
The manager for regional operations in Brazil is sick and won't come for our meeting tomorrow.
The manager gave the precise answer which I was looking for.
The manager gives them instructions.
The manager has confirmed that the hotel is fully booked.
The manager has many problems.
The manager has put him back in the major league.
The manager implied that a modest man was suitable for the position.
The manager is a kind person.
The manager is giving them instructions.
The manager is having his breakfast at a café.
The manager is kind.
The manager is nice.
The manager just looked at Ziri, shocked.
The manager knows that you always visit Tatoeba.
The manager led his team to victory.
The manager limits spending to $50,000.
The manager made an apology for having been out.
The manager messed up all the company's business.
The manager of the baseball department is 3 people.
The manager of the baseball team is very strict. He is good at keeping the players in hand.
The manager of the electric company will be fired.
The manager of the hotel is very kind; he spoke kindly to the girl.
The manager of the team quit suddenly.
The manager of this company is an asshole.
The manager of this store is growing a beard.
The manager offered to show me around the plant.
The manager only focuses on the artists.
The manager opened the door and identified himself.
The manager ordered all the rooms to be swept clean as soon as possible.
The manager patted the goalkeeper on the back.
The manager put forward a new proposal.
The manager put up a notice about the extra holiday.
The manager reprimanded the man by pounding on the table.
The manager reprimanded the man who was pounding on the table.
The manager said it was your fault.
The manager said to himself, "What will I do, seeing that my lord is taking away the management position from me? I don’t have strength to dig. I am ashamed to beg."
The manager said, "Let's begin with this job."
The manager said, "Let’s begin with this job."
The manager sat on the bench with his arms folded.
The manager says he wants to see you.
The manager sent the bunt sign to the batter.
The manager shouted out to his players to mark the opposition.
The manager sought to conciliate the dissatisfied customer by offering a refund.
The manager stood at the door.
The manager suggested that I go with him to the airport.
The manager threatened him with dismissal.
The manager threw in the towel in defeat and planned how to win the next game.
The manager took responsibility for the slump in business and resigned.
The manager treated his secretary very badly, because she made a small mistake.
The manager upbraided his team for missing such a glaring error in the documents.
The manager wants the report rewritten using the new format.
The manager wants to improve the company's structuring.
The manager wants to improve the company’s structuring.
The manager wants to see you.
The manager was accused by many of dividing the club.
The manager was out, so I left a message with his secretary.
The manager was pleased with the victory against Germany and emphasized that the German goalkeeper's sending off changed the course of the game.
The manager was sent to the stands.
The manager was unnecessarily rough on Tom.
The manager was unnecessarily rough on him.
The manager wasn't sure whether to intervene or not.
The manager will be out of the office all morning so call him back in the end of the day.
The manager will be right with you.
The manager won't be able to count on Bryan for the next match, who has an injury to his right thigh.
The manager's business is to adjust all complaints of the customers.
The managers are clueless.
The managers are incompetent.
The managers think that it isn't exciting to eat.
The managing director's resignation is certain to touch off a fierce but gentlemanly succession struggle.
The mandatory character of schooling is rarely analyzed in the multitude of works dedicated to the study of the various ways to develop within children the desire to learn.
The mandatory minimum sentence is 10 years.
The mango is the national fruit of several countries.
The mango trees are located around the crescent-shaped lake.
The mangoes are ripe; do you want to try them in a bit?
The mangrove ecosystem is a unique type of wetland that is adapted to brackish water.
The mangrove swamp provided a tranquil and peaceful environment for kayaking and other water sports.
The mangrove swamp was a popular spot for birdwatchers, as many different species of birds could be seen there.
The mangrove swamp was home to many different species of mangrove trees, each with its own unique characteristics.
The mangrove swamp was teeming with life, from crabs and shrimp to snakes and lizards.
The mangrove swamps along the coast provide critical habitats for many species of animals and plants.
The mangrove swamps of Florida are a popular destination for tourists and nature enthusiasts.
The mangrove swamps of the Amazon rainforest are home to a diverse array of wildlife, including jaguars and anacondas.
The mangrove swamps of the Sundarbans in Bangladesh are home to the endangered Bengal tiger.
The mangrove trees in the swamp are adapted to living in salty water, which is why they are able to survive in coastal areas.
The manhunt continued throughout the night.
The manhunt was on.
The maniacs tore him limb from limb, and threw his head and his lyre into the river Hebrus, down which they floated, murmuring sad music, to which the shores responded a plaintive symphony.
The manikin came to life.
The manner in which he was apprehended shows that he was not much known, at that time.
The manner in which the militarization was accomplished is detailed in part in the documents, which have been presented to the Court and will be detailed further when the particular organizations are taken up and discussed and their criminality established at subsequent stages in the case.
The manner in which the new salesman made top sales level was an eye-opener to his supervisor.
The manner of life in the large towns of Porto Rico is not dissimilar from that of European countries, with the exception of some slight differences due to the heat of the climate. The fashions for men and women alike are imported, especially from Paris and London. Those who are in comfortable circumstances dress just like people in European countries. The men wear woolen clothes all the year round. The young women dress very elaborately and all wear hats, the Spanish mantilla being adopted by elderly women only.
The manners and customs of a country reflect its culture.
The manor isn't a place to party.
The manor was built in 1748 by Frederick van Cortlandt, the patriarch of a prominent Dutch mercantile family.
The mansion had draping hanging on the wall.
The mansion is covered in ivy.
The mansion is surrounded by high walls.
The mansion isn't haunted.
The mansion looked abandoned.
The mansion looked bigger on the inside.
The mansion seemed abandoned.
The mansion was dead silent.
The mansion was fascinating.
The mansion was so cheap because it was known to be haunted.
The mansion, gone for a century, once more reared its stately height to the raptured vision; every window ablaze with the splendour of many candles.
The mansions is protected by vicious deerhounds.
The mantis finally landed on a nearby windowpane.
The manual is in Spanish only.
The manual they asked him to read was two inches thick.
The manual was so prolix that I still haven't understood how it works.
The manufacture and promotion of soap played a huge role in promoting cleanliness as a desirable, appealing lifestyle.
The manufacture of these muslins and of cotton quiltings was commenced in Bolton, Lancashire, by Joseph Shaw, when Crompton was about ten years of age; and from that time up to the present, no town in the world enjoys the same reputation for this class of goods as does Bolton.
The manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for 5 years.
The manufacturer of the medicine is a Japanese company.
The manufacturer of the television set is a Japanese company.
The manufacturer only gives a two-year guarantee.
The manufacturing and financial sectors account for more than half of San Marino's GDP.
The manufacturing process has been streamlined.
The manufacturing sector is a frenzy over the new monetary policy.
The manufacturing sector is the most diverse in the Eastern Caribbean area.
The manufacturing sector mainly processes agricultural products.
The manuscript had been written by hand.
The manuscript had been written out by hand.
The manuscript is preserved in the city museum.
The manuscript was written by hand.
The manuscript was written in Berber.
The manuscript will be found inside a bottle.
The many birds that choose Bolinas as their winter home would have a feast if these butterflies were edible, but Monarchs are protected by an acrid secretion which is distasteful to birds, and enjoy a long life on this account, living not only all winter, but long enough to taste the sweetness of the spring wildflowers.
The many coloured Parrot, the Blackbird, the Starling, with the Magpie and the Jay, learn to form men's words. A great many are put in cages.
The many first person pronouns in the Japanese language causes even Japanese people some confusion.
The many irregularities in your language don't really alleviate boredom.
The many oil fences that were used in the Gulf of Mexico got recycled for parts that are now used in electric cars.
The many ruined houses arranged like an old wasp's nest made me think that there had to have been a spring or a well at some point.
The man’s behavior was very odd.
The man’s name was Francisco Pizzaro.
The man’s shirts are in the closet.
The man’s statement to the pretty girl that he was a millionaire was all eye-wash.
The map Tom drew for me didn't help at all.
The map Tom drew for me wasn't very good.
The map Tom drew for me wasn't very useful.
The map helped me to orient myself.
The map is on the wall.
The map on page 11 looks very strange. Turn it upside down. Then it becomes a familiar map to you.
The map says we're no more than two kilometers from the treasure.
The map that Tom drew for me didn't help at all.
The map that Tom drew for me wasn't very good.
The map that Tom drew for me wasn't very useful.
The map was very old and it was torn here and there.
The map's legend shows what each symbol stands for.
The maple leaves’ gamut of lovely colours was a clear sign that autumn had come.
The maple table had a beautiful walnut inlay, forming a floral pattern.
The maps show illegal tree cutting, mining and road development in areas once thought to be undamaged forest land.
The maquis shrubland is thick.
The marabouts were feasting on the giraffe carcass.
The marathon always takes place on the first Sunday in October.
The marathon runner finished the competition completely out of breath.
The marathon runners were out of breath.
The marathon was cancelled.
The marathon was over, and I came second – counting from back to front, that is.
The marathon will be held, rain or shine.
The marauders laid waste to the town and surrounding villages.
The march tired them a bit.
The march toward progress is really more of a haphazard stagger.
The march was carried out under shell-fire, but the position was reached in time and the brigade deployed.
The mare didn't suffer from the altitude.
The mare froze.
The mare gave birth to a foal.
The mare hesitated to cross the river.
The mare is better again.
The mare set off again with renewed vigor.
The mare was scared of the water.
The mares may be seen, during the season of high water, swimming about followed by their colts, and feeding on the tall grass, of which the tops alone wave above the waters.
The marigold rises with the sun.
The marine conservation group educates local communities on how to protect coral reef ecosystems.
The marine iguana is a species of iguana found only on the Galápagos Islands.
The marionette took off his clothes and laid them on the sand to dry.
The market basket doesn't last all month.
The market doesn't have a lot of liquidity.
The market drop has cleaned me out.
The market economy will collapse.
The market for luxury goods is growing fast.
The market grew, and the business developed rapidly.
The market is big.
The market is bustling.
The market is closed on Sundays.
The market is closed.
The market is completely saturated.
The market is crowded today.
The market is flooded with their merchandise, but no one is buying it.
The market is full of hustle and bustle.
The market is glutted with cheap imports.
The market is held every Monday.
The market is large.
The market is nearby.
The market is next to the pharmacy.
The market is over, the square is empty.
The market is over-saturated.
The market is very volatile.
The market never reaches stable equilibrium.
The market on the promenade sells second-hand clothes and bric-a-brac.
The market opens at 9 am.
The market opens at 9.00 am.
The market opens at 9:00 a.m.
The market opens at nine in the morning.
The market place, which the modern church overshadows, is a quiet, dreamy, tranquil little square. An acacia was meditatively shedding its garments, in the shape of leaves, on to the little green strip of turf in the middle. Underneath its branches lay already a soft heap of yellow, from its previous exertions.
The market prices have fallen across the board.
The market rallied.
The market remains strong today.
The market rose half a point.
The market should be deregulated.
The market should be regulated.
The market stall had a neat setout of fresh vegetables.
The market takes place only once a week.
The market tends to undermine the very values that gave rise to it.
The market was agitated.
The market was crowded.
The market was flooded with foreign goods.
The market was flooded with imports.
The market was packed.
The market was quiet today.
The market-place continues to maintain its former dimensions, and constitutes the favourite resort of the juvenile portion of the population.
The marketers know Tom too well.
The marketing campaign urges residents to participate in a two-week social distancing effort to halt the spread of the coronavirus.
The marketing campaign was a huge success.
The marketing department is responsible for pricing new service.
The marketplace is the city's central public square.
The marketplace is the town's central public space.
The markings appeared all over the forest.
The markings on the trees could have been made by animals.
The marmot is immortal.
The marquee collapsed halfway through the band's set.
The marriage betwixt Janet Dalrymple and David Dunbar of Baldoon now went forward, the bride showing no repugnance, but being absolutely passive in everything her mother commanded or advised.
The marriage ceremony was performed according to the rites of the Presbyterian persuasion.
The marriage completely ruined his life.
The marriage counselor did a pretty good job.
The marriage counselor suggested that the couple try talking dirty to each other to see if it will help improve their love life.
The marriage feast continued for three whole days.
The marriage guests, on the present occasion, were regaled with a banquet of unbounded profusion, the relics of which, after the domestics had feasted in their turn, were distributed among the shouting crowd.
The marriage guests, on the present occasion, were regaled with a banquet of unbounded profusion.
The marriage is in two months.
The marriage lasted only a few years.
The marriage must be reported in a document in Japan.
The marriage was arranged by Tom's parents.
The marriage was arranged by her father.
The marriage was arranged by her parents.
The marriage was not consummated.
The married couple was able to run this store with their seamless teamwork.
The married men that Layla robbed were reluctant to report her because of the embarrassment.
The marsh has remained unchanged since the days when the Mohican Indians speared fish there.
The marsh is knee-deep.
The marshes are protected by dykes.
The marshland is protected by dykes.
The marshmallow caught on fire.
The marten is quite a common animal, but you rarely see it.
The martyrs throughout history always faced opposition for their personal beliefs.
The marula nut kernels are pressed to extract their rich oil which is used in body lotion, soaps, and lip balm.
The marvel is that he knew it.
The marvel is that he succeeded in the adventure.
The maréchal des logis is a traditional rank among gendarmerie non-commissioned officers, inherited from military heritage.
The mascara is white and purple.
The mascot is an eagle.
The mascot's not cute, even by the most favorable standards.
The masculine amongst us like to wonder about the future, as the feminine tend to ponder about the past. Artificial Intelligence is indeed a big "wildcard" to consider. Will humans coexist with intelligent machines? Will AI be our servant? Or, will we humans be their slaves? Will we be like cats and dogs beside intelligent machines? Will AI tolerate us? At least I can conjecture: Maybe dangerous missions like space travel will be done by AI. Will the human body be too fragile for outer space? Will "transhumanism" transform us into stronger beings, with cybernetic and bioengineered parts? These kinds of things are the stuff of science fiction stories today, but tomorrow they may be reality…
The masculine has value in grammar.
The mask hid Mary's face.
The mask hid Tom's face.
The mask is down.
The mask is going through a testing phase, and researchers hope to add further functionality, such as alerting users if they inhale toxic substances.
The mask is green and white.
The masked guys demanded Lukas's wallet.
The masked individual ran like a girl.
The masks are falling.
The masks are off.
The mason builds the house.
The mason is building a wall.
The mason is having lunch in his truck.
The mason will build the house.
The mass has not yet been said.
The mass is a mess.
The mass is over.
The mass media debates freedom of the press, but never the quality of their content.
The mass murderer goes to mass.
The mass murderer is a mass murderer.
The mass of a body is a measure of its energy content.
The mass of children are eating fufu.
The mass of lava covered the side of the mountain.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
The mass of people are against the plan.
The mass of the audience supported him.
The mass of the planets is calculated according to the law of universal attraction.
The mass production has started.
The mass sowing of grain crops began.
The mass used to be said in Latin.
The massacre in Norway and the recent rebellion and the booty in England, are dreadful in consideration of the circumstances that the world drifted into.
The massacre of innocent Israeli civilians by Hamas, including many women, elderly people and children, was celebrated with a standing ovation in the Iranian parliament only hours after it occurred.
The massage felt so amazing.
The massage therapist began by applying warm towels to the client's back and neck.
The massage therapist used a combination of Swedish and deep tissue massage to help him relax and fall asleep.
The massage therapist used a combination of Swedish and deep tissue massage to help him unwind.
The massage therapist used deep pressure techniques to help her relax and release tension.
The massage therapist used gentle pressure techniques to help her relax and breathe easier.
The massage therapist was happy to have helped so many people feel better on such a busy day.
The massage therapist was tired but happy at the end of the day.
The massage therapist worked on the client's back for 30 minutes.
The massage therapist worked on the client's shoulders, neck, and back for 60 minutes.
The masses are asses.
The masses are entirely ignorant of the segregation problem.
The masses are gobbling it up.
The masses gobble it up.
The masses rose against the dictator.
The massing of the openings in the centre of the façade, instead of their even distribution along the whole front, was peculiar to Venetian palaces.
The massive El Dorado wildfire in the U.S. state of California was reportedly started by a reveal party, a growing trend in the United States in which couples come up with increasingly elaborate ways to announce the gender of their expected child.
The massive alien monster rose up from the rubble.
The massive creature moved so quickly through the trees.
The massive donation meant that the foundation no longer needed to be so parsimonious with salaries.
The massive doors slowly opened.
The massive excavations for the canal expansion have resulted in a series of paleontological and archeological finds, which have kept Smithsonian scientists busy. The discoveries, mostly on the Atlantic side, include fossils and pre-Columbian artifacts. Scientists say some of the fossil remains could change prevailing theories about the geologic evolution of the Isthmus of Panama.
The massive explosion was detected in the Ophiuchus galaxy supercluster located about 390 million light-years from Earth.
The massive flood paralyzed the local transportation network.
The massive food shortages were caused by the bad harvest.
The massive monster was heading Ziri's way.
The massive spider seen crawling across the sky on a glowing web is pure fiction, but the concept alludes to something called the cosmic web, which is the large-scale organization of matter and dark matter in the universe: Thin filaments of normal matter and dark matter connect clusters of galaxies, like roadways between major cities.
The massive tree hit the ground next to Kalman.
The massive tree was still on top of Ziri's legs.
The massive wall never ended.
The massive wedding industry is made up of event planners, dressmakers, jewelers, florists, caterers, venues, DJs, photographers, videographers, hair stylists and makeup artists who all depend on weddings to make a living.
The mast broke and our ship went adrift.
The master bedroom was seemingly empty.
The master carpenter is accompanied by three apprentices.
The master gave me an order to come in.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
The master of the house said: welcome to you!
The master of the order falls at my feet with tears in his eyes.
The master of thrillers has left the scene forever.
The master plan includes programs to provide employment as well as recreation.
The master praised the slave.
The master usually chose yellow and blue colours.
The master's degree takes two years.
The master's will be easier.
The mastodons are extinct.
The match didn't take place.
The match ended 3-0.
The match ended goalless in normal time.
The match ended goalless.
The match ended in a 6-6 draw.
The match ended in a draw by repetition of moves.
The match ended in a draw.
The match ended in a goalless draw.
The match ended in victory for him.
The match ended up with whistling and insults.
The match ended with no goal.
The match ended without a goal.
The match finished all square, which means that Town go through to the next round 3-2 on aggregate.
The match finished goalless.
The match for the 2020 FIDE World Championship, postponed because of the Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), will now be held from November 26th to December 16th, 2021, alongside the World Expo in Dubai, UAE, between current world champion Magnus Carlsen and GM Ian Nepomniachtchi, who won the 2020 Candidates Tournament.
The match for the FIDE 2023 World Chess Championship is tied (6 X 6), with Ding Liren (White) winning the twelfth game. Only two more games remain for one of the competitors to achieve the decisive advantage.
The match had to be called off because of the freezing weather.
The match has been canceled due to heavy rain.
The match has been cancelled because of heavy rain.
The match has just got under way.
The match is just about to begin.
The match is long.
The match is over.
The match is starting just now.
The match last night was a tie.
The match reflects the deepest of my soul.
The match score was eight-eight.
The match started.
The match starts in an hour.
The match starts tomorrow afternoon at two o'clock.
The match starts tomorrow.
The match was Monday.
The match was a non-event.
The match was called off because of a waterlogged pitch.
The match was called off because of heavy rain.
The match was canceled due to the bad weather.
The match was cancelled because of heavy rain.
The match was cancelled due to rain.
The match was cancelled due to the bad weather.
The match was cancelled due to the heavy rain.
The match was cancelled.
The match was decided by a second-half penalty.
The match was fixed.
The match was over.
The match was played at 9 p.m. local time in an effort to escape the oppressive heat in Yokohama, where the matches are held. Still, temperatures were 28 degrees Celsius and humidity was 78% when the game started Friday night.
The match was played behind closed doors.
The match was postponed because half the squad came down with food poisoning.
The match was postponed because of snow.
The match was stopped due to a thunderstorm.
The match was stopped.
The match went into extra time.
The match went out.
The match went to extra time.
The match will be played through 14 games, with classical time control. The winner will be the player to first reach 7.5 points.
The match will definitely not take place.
The match would have been lost if Judit, with great skill and cunning, had not forced Ferenc to accept the sacrifice of her queen, after which the situation of stalemate "by drowning" occurred.
The matches cost ten pennies.
The matches were wet.
The material can be produced on Mars.
The material is airproof.
The material is airtight.
The material is also malleable at low temperatures.
The material is arranged such that even beginners can understand the texts, expanding their vocabulary little by little.
The material is beautiful.
The material is light enough to float in water.
The material is not toxic in itself.
The material is permeable to light.
The material is translucent.
The material lets light through.
The material was a loud red.
The material was bright red.
The material, called hyperelastic bone, stimulates new bone growth when grafted to a bone injury site, and its developers say it is perfect for use in developing countries because it is inexpensive and quick to create.
The materials used are too different to be helpful.
The mates chatted with each other at a stretch.
The math doesn't add up.
The math homework proved to be easier than I had expected.
The math homework was easier than I had expected.
The math just doesn't math.
The math professor wrote the proof on the chalkboard.
The math teacher explained the concept of partial differentiation.
The math teacher failed Ziri.
The math teacher had a crush on me.
The math teacher knows my antics.
The math teacher sprang a surprise on us and gave a quiz.
The mathematical constant Pi to 5 decimal places is "3.14159."
The mathematics class is good.
The maths exam results are out!
The maths exam will be a written exam.
The maths homework was easier than I expected.
The maths homework was easier than I had expected.
The maths homework was easier than I'd thought.
The matres lectionis assist us in reading the words.
The matrix consisted of five rows and seven columns.
The matted and dishevelled locks of hair which escaped from under his hat, together with his fixed and unmoved posture, made his head more resemble that of a marble bust than that of a living man.
The matter admits of no explanation.
The matter and energy making you up will never be destroyed.
The matter can't be changed. No matter how hard we try, everything is fruitless.
The matter can't wait: we have to make another decision today!
The matter comes under MITI.
The matter does not concern me.
The matter has been clarified.
The matter has been cleared up.
The matter has been resolved.
The matter has not been settled yet.
The matter here is very important.
The matter is all settled.
The matter is being investigated.
The matter is being looked into.
The matter is being reviewed.
The matter is being taken care of.
The matter is closed.
The matter is coming up before the board of executives tomorrow.
The matter is far from settled.
The matter is more serious than you think.
The matter is nothing more than an accident.
The matter is now under consideration.
The matter is of great importance to me.
The matter is of great importance.
The matter is of no importance.
The matter is really pressing.
The matter is settled.
The matter is still under discussion.
The matter is under investigation.
The matter is urgent and delicate too.
The matter is worth considering.
The matter made his name known.
The matter of Western Sahara's status has already been settled by an international court.
The matter of his successor is still under debate.
The matter remains under investigation.
The matter should be tried in public.
The matter slipped my mind completely.
The matter that he is talking about is important.
The matter touches your interest.
The matter was brought into court.
The matter was dealt with quickly.
The matter was decided quickly.
The matter was not just money.
The matter was settled in his absence.
The matter was settled.
The matter we're discussing is interesting.
The matter weighs heavy on my mind.
The matter weighs on her mind.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
The mattress felt like rocks.
The mattress is too hard.
The mattress was so lumpy.
The mattress was too hard for me to sleep on comfortably.
The mattress was too soft for me to sleep on comfortably.
The maxim is so perfectly self-evident that it would be absurd to attempt to prove it.
The maximum cruising speed of this airplane is Mach 3.
The maximum response time is listed in the specification.
The maximum speed reached by the vehicle was 5 kilometers per hour.
The mayonnaise is pure chemistry.
The mayor acknowledged her services to the city.
The mayor addressed a large audience.
The mayor addressed the general public.
The mayor administers the affairs of the city.
The mayor and his companion have been uttering a lot of claptrap to the citizens for a long time.
The mayor appropriated city money for his own use.
The mayor asked for the cooperation of all the political groups.
The mayor called for an emergency meeting.
The mayor compromised on the subject to a certain extent.
The mayor cut the bright red ribbon with a pair of giant scissors.
The mayor cut the ribbon with a pair of giant scissors.
The mayor declared that he would announce the result of the investigation.
The mayor denied having taken a bribe.
The mayor didn't like what the journalists wrote.
The mayor doesn't do anything but paper over the cracks.
The mayor dropped a bombshell at the news conference.
The mayor embezzled money.
The mayor expressed his sympathy to all the families of the victims.
The mayor felt that he should look into the loss of income from parking meters.
The mayor gave me his condolences.
The mayor governed the city very wisely.
The mayor granted our request.
The mayor has issued a stay-at-home advisory.
The mayor is Tom Jackson.
The mayor is a know-it-all and a loudmouth.
The mayor is a stuffed shirt.
The mayor is currently not reachable.
The mayor is not available now.
The mayor is said to be on the take.
The mayor is sensitive to the way his programs have been criticized.
The mayor is unavailable at the moment.
The mayor is yelling on the phone.
The mayor isn't available now.
The mayor manifested his discontent with the new plan.
The mayor of Bergamo, Giorgio Gori, says his province, like many others in Italy, were not prepared for the coronavirus outbreak.
The mayor of Boston refused to host the 2024 Olympics.
The mayor of London advocates for Britain to leave the European Union.
The mayor of Naples has apologised to a US tourist who was beaten up by local residents shortly after he was mugged.
The mayor of New York made an effort to streamline municipal government.
The mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people's requests.
The mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people’s requests.
The mayor opened work on the new motorway slip road in traditional fashion by turning the first sod.
The mayor opened work on the new motorway slip road with the traditional turning of the first sod.
The mayor prescribed to the citizens how to act.
The mayor presented him with the key to the city.
The mayor presented the prizes in person.
The mayor proposed to evacuate the town.
The mayor provided me with an identity card.
The mayor received enthusiastic applause.
The mayor refused to prognosticate as to his margin of victory in the election.
The mayor said that lawbreakers wouldn't be tolerated.
The mayor screened his eyes with his hand.
The mayor spoke from the balcony of the city hall.
The mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues.
The mayor turned all of Central Park into an Earth Day party.
The mayor walked at the head of the procession.
The mayor was bribed to sell the land.
The mayor was convicted of steering $1M in city contracts to his friend’s company.
The mayor was holding a security meeting.
The mayor was killed in an ambush during the height of the insurgency.
The mayor welcomed the delegation with a courtesy visit.
The mayor will compromise to a certain extent.
The mayor will marry us.
The mayor will shortly announce his decision to resign.
The mayor won the election.
The mayor's courtesy visit to the hospital lifted the patient's spirits.
The mayor's daughter has been kidnapped.
The mayor's family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day.
The mayor's mother died.
The mayor's mother is dead.
The mayor's murder sent shock waves through the community.
The mayor's office is in the city hall.
The mayor's proposal will contribute to getting the streets repaired.
The mayor's speech was received with much acclaim.
The mayor, apparently the worse for wear after drinking one too many toasts, gurgled a few unintelligible words.
The mayoral election happens every four years.
The mayoral election was decided by a single vote, so close was it between the two candidates.
The mayor’s family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day.
The mayor’s office is in the city hall.
The maître is a seasoned petty officer, a key figure in naval operations and onboard leadership.
The meadow bordered a forest.
The meadow is full of frogs.
The meadow is full of wildflowers.
The meadow is green.
The meadow was colorful.
The meadow was covered with wildflowers.
The meadow was filled with wildflowers.
The meadow was perfectly flat.
The meadows gave way to hills, which turned into mountains.
The meadows sloped away in the distance to horizon mists of pearl and purple.
The meal Tom and Mary made was delicious.
The meal comes with eggs, cheese and bacon.
The meal ended up in the trash.
The meal includes dessert as well as beverage.
The meal is cold.
The meal is good.
The meal is not salty.
The meal is ready to be served.
The meal satisfied his hunger.
The meal was delicious.
The meal was disgusting.
The meal was excellent but very expensive.
The meal was for Tom, not for you.
The meal was great, wasn't it?
The meal was great, wasn’t it?
The meal was great.
The meal was over, everyone stood up.
The meal was over.
The meal was ready in just forty seconds.
The meal will be ready in a half hour.
The meal will be ready in forty minutes.
The meal will be ready in half an hour.
The meal you eat when you break your fast is called iftar.
The meals are not too good.
The meals don't suit my taste.
The meals don’t suit my taste.
The meals were on time.
The mean radius of Saturn's moon Titan is a factor of 0.404 of Earth's.
The mean value of the frequency decreases with increasing amplitude.
The meandering curves of the river contrast sharply against the abrupt outcroppings of rock in this area.
The meaning dawned upon me at last.
The meaning doesn't change.
The meaning is an integral part of the word.
The meaning is still not clear to me.
The meaning is still obscure to me.
The meaning is still unclear to me.
The meaning is the same.
The meaning is unknown to me.
The meaning of a word can be indirect.
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used.
The meaning of an average man's life comprises three things: eating, drinking, and fucking.
The meaning of an expression can change over time.
The meaning of life for most people fits into three letters: ESS - eat, shit, sleep.
The meaning of life goes beyond life itself.
The meaning of life is a philosophical question.
The meaning of life is anything but asking yourself what its meaning is.
The meaning of life is the pure tears of unrequited love.
The meaning of life is to be forgotten as if you never were.
The meaning of life is to be happy.
The meaning of that sentence is ambiguous.
The meaning of the 'dollar peg' is "stick with the strong countries."
The meaning of the sentences changes when you change the punctuation.
The meaning of the text is unclear.
The meaning of the word "Amaziɣ" is "free man".
The meaning of the word "sex" is often unclear.
The meaning of the word depends on the context.
The meaning of the words is intelligible.
The meaning of the ’dollar peg’ is "stick with the strong countries."
The meaning of this expression is clear.
The meaning of this letter is unclear.
The meaning of this poem is ambiguous.
The meaning of this practice was obfuscated by centuries of the practitioners' subjective interpretations.
The meaning of this sentence is ambiguous.
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.
The meaning of this text is unclear.
The meaning of words can change according to their context.
The meaning still isn't clear to me.
The meaninglessness of the word "woke" is illustrated by the fact that there are people who call feathered dinosaurs "woke."
The means of communication can include letters, magazine and newspaper advertisements, radio and television commercials, and telephone marketing, as well as catalogs.
The means used to prepare the future become its cornerstone.
The measles vaccine is almost 100 percent effective. Doctors recommend that children get two doses.
The measles vaccine is almost 100% effective.
The measles virus is super contagious.
The measles virus is very contagious.
The measure abolishes the two-term limit for presidents and an age limit of 70 for presidential candidates.
The measure became law in October.
The measure has already passed the Senate.
The measure of love is to love without measure.
The measure of success is not necessarily money.
The measure of success isn't necessarily money.
The measure of your stupidity is measuring.
The measurement has to be exact.
The measurement is far too imprecise.
The measurement is far too inaccurate.
The measurements must be precise.
The measurements need to be precise.
The measures Algeria has taken are already slowing the spread of the coronavirus.
The measures are part of efforts to consolidate its increasingly authoritarian grip.
The measures carried out by the government to decrease youth unemployment were counterproductive.
The measures that Tom took saved us a lot of money.
The meat burned.
The meat can be thawed by leaving it in the fridge overnight.
The meat cuts tough.
The meat has a smoky flavor.
The meat has begun to rot.
The meat has gone bad.
The meat has to be cut before putting it in the pot.
The meat has to be frozen.
The meat is a symbol of sex.
The meat is already perfectly seasoned.
The meat is burnt.
The meat is charred.
The meat is cheap.
The meat is cold. Do you want me to heat it up?
The meat is cooked to perfection.
The meat is cooked.
The meat is delicious.
The meat is expensive.
The meat is frozen.
The meat is medium-rare.
The meat is not well enough cooked.
The meat is only half cooked.
The meat is raw.
The meat is really tender.
The meat is red.
The meat is roasting.
The meat is smooth and soft.
The meat is too tough to eat.
The meat is tough.
The meat is uncooked.
The meat is very tender and low in fat.
The meat is very tender.
The meat is well done.
The meat looks good.
The meat might be contaminated.
The meat patties are in the refrigerator.
The meat served up was tough and leathery.
The meat smells terrible.
The meat smelt really off.
The meat spoiled because of the heat.
The meat spoiled.
The meat stays good in cold weather.
The meat tastes bad.
The meat that you're eating isn't chicken.
The meat they fed us tasted a little like chicken.
The meat was burnt.
The meat was crawling with maggots.
The meat was delicious.
The meat was giving off a terrible smell.
The meat was marinated overnight in a special preparation.
The meat was overfried.
The meat was perfectly sliced.
The meat was so tender!
The meat was tender.
The meat was tough.
The meat was very tender inside.
The meat was very tough.
The meat went bad.
The meat will attract the dogs, which is why we need it for the heist to work.
The meat will spoil quickly in such hot weather.
The meat you bought was chicken meat.
The meat you're eating isn't chicken.
The meat's gone bad.
The meat's not ready yet.
The meat, although cooked, isn't completely free of microorganisms.
The meatballs at Benedito's restaurant are savory.
The meathead flexes in the mirror.
The meat’s not ready yet.
The mechanic arrived.
The mechanic assembled the engine.
The mechanic came and told Fyodor that his car was fixed.
The mechanic fixed cars all day long at the garage.
The mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime.
The mechanic found a nail in my tire.
The mechanic had grease all over his coveralls by the end of the day.
The mechanic opens his workshop at seven.
The mechanic recommended that Tom have the rear brake pads on his car replaced.
The mechanic repaired the damage without delay.
The mechanic ripped us off.
The mechanic rolled back the odometer.
The mechanic said the repair would not take long.
The mechanic was particularly tall.
The mechanism of this machine is complicated.
The medal had an inscription.
The media are already in the dictator's pocket.
The media are more concerned with profits than the public good.
The media are not reporting these stories.
The media blew the whole thing out of proportion.
The media called her a homewrecker.
The media creates fear.
The media doesn't distribute the news.
The media doesn't distribute this news.
The media doesn't report this news.
The media got wind of a rumor about his engagement and came quickly.
The media had attempted to pigeonhole the indie rock band as a mere novelty.
The media has a lot of influence on the outcome of an election.
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months; the economic crisis.
The media has quickly become state propaganda.
The media influences people.
The media is democracy's watchdog.
The media is openly controlled by an Australian-American Christian.
The media loves to lionize young athletes.
The media only pays attention to hotshots.
The media poison the mind.
The media poison the spirit.
The media sells a trace of hatred at bargain prices.
The media want to shift the balance of opinion against Russia.
The media will have a field day.
The media's the most powerful entity on Earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
The mediator asked the unruly members of the audience to stop hectoring the speaker.
The mediator between the head and the hands must be the heart.
The mediator knows better the culture of the woman.
The mediator played a crucial role in achieving conciliation between the parties.
The medic cauterized the wound.
The medic knew that it was a carcinogenic substance but didn't inform the authorities.
The medic ripped open Tom's shirt and took a look at the wound.
The medical charity Alima, with help from the U.N. Children’s Fund, has started rejuvenating another health center in Bangui, installing a generator, repairing a water tank, and providing equipment, salaries and training.
The medical congress was held in Kyoto.
The medical diagnosis must be clarified.
The medical evidence showed conclusively that death was due to apoplexy.
The medical examiner determined that the woman's body had been there for at least three days.
The medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide.
The medical name for his disease is ALS.
The medical practitioner I had previously prescribed a different dose.
The medical profession keeps handing out warnings about smoking.
The medical staff examined her and found that she was short of breath and had a high temperature.
The medical staff has to prioritize patients with the best chances of survival.
The medical supplies were allocated to the victims of the disaster.
The medical team takes a holistic approach when treating patients.
The medication can only slow the disease's progress; it can't bring it to a halt.
The medication helped me.
The medication is best taken immediately after a full meal.
The medication is still being tested.
The medication is working.
The medication should be administered topically.
The medicine I took made me nauseous.
The medicine I'm talking about not only raised my blood pressure but also gave me anxiety.
The medicine I've been taking is starting to take effect.
The medicine acted on his stomach.
The medicine brought me immediate relief.
The medicine cured him of his illness.
The medicine decreased his pain.
The medicine did wonders for his health.
The medicine didn't do me any good.
The medicine didn't do us any good.
The medicine didn't help at all.
The medicine didn't stop the pain.
The medicine didn’t do me any good.
The medicine dispenser resembles the common automated teller machine and functions in a similar way.
The medicine gave instant relief.
The medicine had a miraculous effect on him.
The medicine had a wonderful effect on him.
The medicine had an immediate effect.
The medicine had no effect.
The medicine has an immediate effect.
The medicine has to be taken every six hours.
The medicine has worked.
The medicine hastened the process of growth.
The medicine he had prescribed failed to take effect.
The medicine helped a little.
The medicine is available only by prescription.
The medicine is bitter.
The medicine is hard to swallow.
The medicine is only available by prescription.
The medicine made me feel better.
The medicine made me sleepy.
The medicine made me very sleepy.
The medicine only works on men.
The medicine relieved him of his stomach-ache.
The medicine relieved my pain immediately.
The medicine saved her life.
The medicine seemed to have no effect on the patient.
The medicine she took cured her of the bad cough she'd been suffering from.
The medicine she took cured her of the bad cough she’d been suffering from.
The medicine takes effect immediately.
The medicine tastes bitter.
The medicine took effect.
The medicine turned out to be worse than the disease.
The medicine used proved very effective.
The medicine was a brown liquid.
The medicine was in capsules.
The medicine we need is in short supply.
The medicine will cure your headache.
The medicine will soon put you right.
The medicine worked marvels.
The medicine works straight away.
The medieval Jewish house of prayer in Buda now functions both as a museum and a synagogue.
The medieval church despised the body and exalted the spirit.
The medieval times were an age when a human being wasn't free.
The medieval times were an age when a human being wasn’t free.
The medium allowed the spirit to take control of her body.
The medium is not the message.
The medium is the message.
The medlar jelly is clear.
The medlar jelly just needs to cool and set for the night.
The medlar tree is flowering and is looking very nice.
The medlar tree is situated in this spot of the garden.
The medlar tree lost most of its leaves.
The medlar tree started to go dormant.
The medlar tree was in flower.
The medlar was hard and sour.
The medlar was quite soft.
The medlars are absolutely hard like golf balls.
The medlars are almost rotten.
The medlars are bletted and ready to harvest.
The medlars are bletted.
The medlars are bletting.
The medlars are cracked.
The medlars are finally cooked.
The medlars are finally ready to harvest.
The medlars are fully bletted.
The medlars are fully grown.
The medlars are in the pot and are all submerged.
The medlars are now all bletted.
The medlars are ready to eat.
The medlars are ready.
The medlars are rotting.
The medlars are still astringent.
The medlars are still really hard.
The medlars are too dried out and can't be bletted.
The medlars are yummy.
The medlars became mushy.
The medlars bletted and started to ooze goo.
The medlars didn't blet properly.
The medlars got brown on the inside.
The medlars got soft.
The medlars had wrinkly skin.
The medlars have all gone soft.
The medlars have already bletted.
The medlars have been in there for a few days.
The medlars have properly matured.
The medlars looked appetizing.
The medlars looked rotten.
The medlars need to be bletted.
The medlars need to blet properly.
The medlars on the tree bletted pretty quickly.
The medlars on the tree bletted properly.
The medlars on the tree ripened quickly.
The medlars produced a sticky sweet juice.
The medlars smelt interesting.
The medlars softened up.
The medlars softened.
The medlars started browning and bletting on the tree.
The medlars started to blet on the tree.
The medlars still haven't bletted.
The medlars turned brown and soft.
The medlars were a little bit dried out.
The medlars were all wrinkled.
The medlars were bletting.
The medlars were hit by frost and couldn't be bletted.
The medlars were hit by the frost.
The medlars were mature but not yet ripe.
The medlars were mushy inside.
The medlars were not very tasty at all.
The medlars were quite tasty.
The medlars were rock solid.
The medlars were spread out in the garage and left to blet.
The medlars were still green.
The medlars were still rock-hard.
The medlars wrinkled up.
The meds didn't help Boldi anymore.
The meds help.
The meek shall inherit the earth.
The meeting Tom was talking about was held on October 20th.
The meeting abruptly came to an end.
The meeting adjourned at 2:30 p.m.
The meeting agenda was emailed to you.
The meeting also touched on cooperation in the fields of energy, tourism, humanitarian affairs, and culture.
The meeting began at 2.30 and ended at 5.00.
The meeting began at five in the afternoon.
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
The meeting began at nine o’clock sharp.
The meeting began on schedule.
The meeting begins at three.
The meeting between Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev and Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan in Abu Dhabi was remembered as one of the most important diplomatic steps in the history of Armenian-Azerbaijani relations.
The meeting between Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev and Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan took place in a very constructive atmosphere.
The meeting between the celebrity and her fans caused a stampede.
The meeting between the celebrity and his fans caused a stampede.
The meeting between the school and the business is scheduled to be held on the 26th of December.
The meeting broke up at eight.
The meeting broke up at five.
The meeting broke up at four.
The meeting broke up at nine o'clock.
The meeting broke up at nine o’clock.
The meeting broke up at seven.
The meeting came to an abrupt end.
The meeting came to an end at noon.
The meeting came to an end thirty minutes ago.
The meeting can't be cancelled.
The meeting can't be held until Monday at the earliest.
The meeting can't be postponed.
The meeting can’t be held until Monday at earliest.
The meeting closed at four p.m.
The meeting continued late into the night.
The meeting degenerated into a vicious brawl.
The meeting didn't last as long as I expected.
The meeting didn't last as long as I thought it would.
The meeting didn't last for very long.
The meeting didn't last long.
The meeting didn't start until four fifteen, and didn't end until five forty-five.
The meeting dragged on for three and a half hours.
The meeting dragged on.
The meeting ended at 2:30.
The meeting ended at 3PM.
The meeting ended at 4 p.m.
The meeting ended at 4:00 P.M.
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.
The meeting ended at five pm.
The meeting ended at five.
The meeting ended at four in the afternoon.
The meeting ended at noon.
The meeting ended at three in the afternoon.
The meeting ended at three o'clock in the afternoon.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
The meeting ended on an optimistic note.
The meeting ended thirty minutes ago.
The meeting ended three hours ago.
The meeting ended up being futile and unproductive.
The meeting ended.
The meeting extended well into the night.
The meeting falls on a Friday.
The meeting finished at nine.
The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
The meeting gave her extreme pleasure.
The meeting had 12 attendees.
The meeting had an air of informality.
The meeting had to be postponed until tomorrow.
The meeting had to be rescheduled because a quorum was not reached.
The meeting had to be rescheduled.
The meeting happens every month in the tiny living room.
The meeting has almost ended.
The meeting has already been scheduled.
The meeting has already begun.
The meeting has already started.
The meeting has been arranged for next week.
The meeting has been canceled.
The meeting has been delayed until the following evening.
The meeting has been fixed for next week.
The meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.
The meeting has been postponed.
The meeting has been put off until next week.
The meeting has ended.
The meeting hasn't begun yet.
The meeting hasn't started yet.
The meeting hasn't yet finished.
The meeting included an exchange of views on bilateral relations, with particular emphasis on the successful cooperation in the energy sector, especially in renewable energy. The sides also discussed prospective projects in this area.
The meeting is about to begin.
The meeting is about to let out.
The meeting is about to start.
The meeting is adjourned.
The meeting is all over.
The meeting is almost over.
The meeting is at 2.30.
The meeting is closed.
The meeting is expected to last several hours.
The meeting is held annually.
The meeting is held every year.
The meeting is held monthly in the tiny living room.
The meeting is held once in three years.
The meeting is held twice a month.
The meeting is just about done.
The meeting is just about to start.
The meeting is likely to last until noon.
The meeting is nearly over.
The meeting is next Monday.
The meeting is next Thursday.
The meeting is obviously over.
The meeting is over.
The meeting is scheduled for 10 a.m.
The meeting is still going on.
The meeting is still ongoing.
The meeting is taking place next Sunday.
The meeting is taking place on Friday.
The meeting is ten days away.
The meeting is to be held at three.
The meeting is to be held here tomorrow.
The meeting is to be held next Monday.
The meeting is to be held next Thursday.
The meeting is to be held next month.
The meeting is to be held next week.
The meeting is tomorrow.
The meeting isn't going to be rescheduled.
The meeting isn't over yet.
The meeting isn't over.
The meeting isn't taking place.
The meeting kicks off around 9 o'clock in the morning.
The meeting kicks off around 9 o’clock in the morning.
The meeting lasted a lot longer than I expected.
The meeting lasted about three hours.
The meeting lasted four or five hours.
The meeting lasted just over an hour.
The meeting lasted longer than I expected it to.
The meeting lasted longer than I expected.
The meeting lasted much longer than I expected.
The meeting lasted one hour.
The meeting lasted the whole day.
The meeting lasted thirty minutes.
The meeting lasted three hours.
The meeting lasted two hours.
The meeting lasted until 2:30.
The meeting lasted until 5.
The meeting lasted until well after midnight.
The meeting lasts until midday.
The meeting lasts until noon.
The meeting location has changed.
The meeting might not be so bad.
The meeting minutes were circulated.
The meeting needs to begin as soon as possible.
The meeting of finance ministers lasted for nine hours.
The meeting of man and God must always mean a penetration and entry of the divine into the human and a self-immergence of man in the Divinity.
The meeting on sales promotion is dragging on.
The meeting only lasted thirty minutes.
The meeting ought to be interesting.
The meeting planned for today has been canceled.
The meeting probably won't last long.
The meeting quickly became heated.
The meeting room is downstairs.
The meeting room is in use now.
The meeting room is occupied at the moment.
The meeting room must be able to receive all the workers of the company.
The meeting room must be clean.
The meeting seemed to go well.
The meeting should be interesting.
The meeting shouldn't last more than an hour.
The meeting started a few hours ago.
The meeting started at 2:30 and ended at 5:00.
The meeting started at ten.
The meeting started exactly on time, for a change.
The meeting started exactly on time, for once.
The meeting started over an hour ago.
The meeting started thirty minutes ago.
The meeting started with some general chit-chat to break the ice.
The meeting starts at 2:30.
The meeting starts in five minutes.
The meeting takes place bimonthly.
The meeting takes place next Tuesday.
The meeting takes place twice a month.
The meeting takes place weekly.
The meeting that was organized became a practical model of unmediated negotiations, and it is clear that this model will become the main platform for peace in the region in the future.
The meeting that was planned for today has been canceled.
The meeting then continued in a one-on-one format.
The meeting took place last month.
The meeting took place last week.
The meeting took place yesterday.
The meeting was a little shorter than I expected it to be.
The meeting was a lot shorter than I expected it to be.
The meeting was adjourned until the following week.
The meeting was adjourned until the next week.
The meeting was adjourned.
The meeting was all but over.
The meeting was almost over.
The meeting was arranged for Tuesday.
The meeting was arranged for next Sunday.
The meeting was attended by many.
The meeting was awfully long.
The meeting was brought forward to 11.15.
The meeting was brought to an end.
The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either side.
The meeting was called off.
The meeting was canceled because of the rain.
The meeting was canceled because of the typhoon.
The meeting was canceled.
The meeting was cancelled.
The meeting was closed.
The meeting was extremely interesting even to the non-Esperantic mind, as illustrating the practicability of Esperanto as an international medium of expression; for here one heard ladies and gentlemen from various countries, having little or no knowledge of each others language, clearly and fluently expressing their ideas in a public building, and being evidently promptly understood by those listening.
The meeting was for a simple reorganization, but Mary went off on a tangent that led to us realizing a complete overhaul would be better and just as easy.
The meeting was going off without a hitch until he threw a wet blanket on it by making silly remarks.
The meeting was held as intended at the outset.
The meeting was held at the principal's office.
The meeting was held at the principal’s office.
The meeting was held behind closed doors.
The meeting was held here.
The meeting was held last month.
The meeting was interrupted by Ivan’s call.
The meeting was interrupted by the arrival of Ziri.
The meeting was interrupted.
The meeting was just about over.
The meeting was last month.
The meeting was long today.
The meeting was moved to 11:15.
The meeting was not particularly well attended.
The meeting was postponed due to the bad weather.
The meeting was postponed until next Monday.
The meeting was postponed until tomorrow.
The meeting was put off because John was sick.
The meeting was put off till further notice.
The meeting was put off until next Friday.
The meeting was put off until next Monday.
The meeting was put off until next week.
The meeting was short.
The meeting was supposed to end at six but it went all the way to midnight.
The meeting was this afternoon.
The meeting was three hours.
The meeting was too long.
The meeting was very friendly.
The meeting was very long.
The meeting was well attended.
The meeting wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
The meeting went ages longer than it should have, because the chairman allowed people to ramble on about things that weren't on the agenda.
The meeting went better than expected.
The meeting went on in this manner.
The meeting went on too long.
The meeting went on until midday.
The meeting went on until noon.
The meeting went on until well after midnight.
The meeting went pretty bad.
The meeting went pretty well.
The meeting went really well.
The meeting went until 2:30.
The meeting went well.
The meeting will be held annually.
The meeting will be held at 10.30 a.m. on Saturday.
The meeting will be held at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday.
The meeting will be held in the conference room at 3 o'clock sharp.
The meeting will be held next Tuesday.
The meeting will be held next month.
The meeting will be held next week at the earliest.
The meeting will be held on Saturday at 10.30 a.m.
The meeting will be held regardless of the weather.
The meeting will be held this afternoon.
The meeting will be held tomorrow.
The meeting will be next Monday.
The meeting will be postponed till the 20th of this month.
The meeting will be put off.
The meeting will begin at 2:30 p.m.
The meeting will begin at 6:00 and dinner will be served at 7:00.
The meeting will begin in five minutes.
The meeting will commence.
The meeting will end at 7.
The meeting will end tomorrow.
The meeting will have broken up by the time we arrive.
The meeting will have broken up by the time you arrive there.
The meeting will have ended by the time I get there.
The meeting will have finished by the time we get there.
The meeting will have to be rescheduled.
The meeting will likely be canceled.
The meeting will need to be rescheduled.
The meeting will probably be canceled.
The meeting will probably be cancelled.
The meeting will reconvene in two hours after a brief recess.
The meeting will start at 2:30 on Monday.
The meeting will start at 2:30.
The meeting will start at four o'clock sharp.
The meeting will start at four o’clock sharp.
The meeting will take place next Monday.
The meeting will take place next Sunday.
The meeting will take place no matter what the weather is like.
The meeting will take place this Saturday.
The meeting will take place tomorrow.
The meeting with the CEO was in the boardroom.
The meeting won't be going ahead.
The meeting won't be taking place.
The meeting won't last long.
The meeting won't last that long.
The meeting won't last very long.
The meeting won't take place.
The meeting would have gone a lot differently if Tom hadn't been there.
The meeting would've gone a lot differently if Tom hadn't been there.
The meeting yesterday afternoon lasted three hours.
The meeting's about to start.
The meeting's about to start. Let's go inside and see who's there.
The meeting's at 2:30.
The meeting's at twelve.
The meeting's going to last at least three hours.
The meeting's going to start soon.
The meeting's over.
The meeting's set for tomorrow afternoon.
The meeting, in short, was a waste of time.
The meetings are open to the public.
The meetings are over.
The meetings of the parliament are public.
The meetings were held at intervals.
The megalodon is a prehistoric shark, which once ruled the oceans.
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
The megaphone's broken.
The mellow sounds of the Rhodes piano are partly responsible for thousands of accidental conceptions.
The melodic line has to flow.
The melodies were carried on the wind.
The melody isn't flowing.
The melody must be louder than the accompaniment.
The melody needs to flow.
The melody of this song constantly plays on and on in my mind.
The melody should be louder than the accompaniment.
The melody's execution was flawless.
The melon is in the fridge.
The melon smells sweet and tastes very nice.
The melons they grow in this area taste very good.
The melted snowpack seeps down to fill mountainside indentations to form glacial lakes.
The melting ice has cleared space through the historically dangerous Northwest Passage, and the Northern Sea Route, along Russia's northern coast. This has sharply increased shipping in what was once a largely untouched ocean.
The melting of glaciers has put cities like Huaraz at risk of what scientists call a “glof,” or glacial lake outburst flood.
The melting of sea ice in the Arctic ecosystem is affecting the food chain of marine animals.
The melting permafrost was key factor in the ecological disaster.
The member of the Diet brought in a bill on political contribution, but it didn't pass.
The member of the Diet brought in a bill on political contribution, but it didn’t pass.
The member of the family who is always in trouble is the black sheep.
The members decreased by 50 to 400.
The members decreased to five.
The members numbered thirty, all told.
The members of each stratum accept as their ideal of decency the scheme of life in vogue in the next higher stratum, and bend their energies to live up to that ideal.
The members of parliament couldn't come together.
The members of the band called El Street Cafe have been playing together for four years. The band's rousing mixture of blues and bluegrass usually attracts a big crowd. Passersby stop to listen to a song or two. Sometimes they may even sing along. Lester Schultz, the lead singer and harmonica player of El Street Cafe, says subway musicians are part of an important tradition of public music.
The members of the committee are all men.
The members of the expedition discovered a mammal whose body takes a peculiar shape.
The members of the family had grave doubts regarding the explanation they received from the army.
The members of the family nursed the patient by turns.
The members of the home were delighted with the party.
The members of the jury listened carefully to the attorney.
The members of the musical group ABBA are musical geniuses.
The members of the opposition party were enraged against the bill.
The members of the student associations on campus are elected by the students.
The members of these nomadic tribes were skilled archers and riders; they were able to attack and run away as fast as the wind.
The members told us about the strange experience in turns.
The members wanted Tom banned from the club.
The membership numbers of our association keep on increasing.
The membership of the Boy Scout troop swelled.
The memoir breathes the deepest respect for his father.
The memories I have are just hazy.
The memories are very fresh and vivid.
The memories came flooding back.
The memories created during this experience will forever hold a special place in my heart.
The memories of pain reach sensuously in my mind.
The memories of the days passed in the North are so sunny and delightful, that I wish others to enjoy them with me; and if the reader receives a clear impression of the novel experiences and thorough pleasure attending a journey through Norseland, and partakes, if only in a limited degree, of my enthusiasm over the character of the people and the imposing grandeurs of nature, the object of this book will be accomplished.
The memories suddenly came flooding back.
The memories we make with our family are everything.
The memory is still so vivid.
The memory of a particular image is but regret for a particular moment.
The memory of the Holocaust is abused for political purposes.
The memory of youth is sweet in the heart of old men.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The memory weighed heavily on him.
The men I meet are all very nice.
The men Tom robbed didn't tell anybody that they'd been robbed.
The men Tom robbed didn't tell anybody they'd been robbed.
The men Tom robbed didn't tell anyone that they'd been robbed.
The men Tom robbed didn't tell anyone they'd been robbed.
The men achieved their objectives.
The men all drank.
The men all wore hats.
The men apparently set out from Poluwat atoll in a seven-meter boat July 30 intending to travel about 43 kilometers to Pulap atoll when they sailed off course and ran out of fuel.
The men are all asleep.
The men are big.
The men are coming.
The men are crazy.
The men are eating lunch.
The men are generally tired when they come back from work.
The men are getting into shape riding bicycles.
The men are having a barbecue.
The men are hungry.
The men are much stronger than the women.
The men are on their way.
The men are reportedly in good condition.
The men are searching for the Fountain of Youth.
The men are smiling on cue.
The men are talking to each other.
The men are talking.
The men are tired.
The men are trying to catch alligators.
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.
The men are wearing short sleeves.
The men are wearing t-shirts with short sleeves.
The men are working very hard.
The men aren't shocked, but the women are.
The men barricaded the door.
The men beat me with their fists.
The men began to march forward.
The men bought it.
The men came back before nightfall.
The men can visit the thermal baths after noon.
The men cried for help.
The men drew their swords from their scabbards.
The men entered the warehouse with their guns drawn.
The men entered the warehouse with their weapons ready.
The men fled the scene.
The men followed him.
The men form a society.
The men gathered around Gunter, cornering him.
The men gathered to greet Antonio.
The men go to work.
The men had little to do except hunt for food.
The men have been shorn of their power.
The men have mustaches.
The men have put on their helmets.
The men have put on their jackets.
The men have put their helmets on.
The men have put their jackets on.
The men have water.
The men kept chasing after Gustavo.
The men laughed riotously at his absurd impressions.
The men left and soon vanished into the darkness.
The men loaded the baggage into the truck.
The men looked at Jessie in silence.
The men looked embarrassed.
The men on board were surprised to see five men on the island.
The men played cards and drank until late at night.
The men playing poker looked up from their cards.
The men pointed to the west, and signified that they would soon come to a village where they could obtain what they wanted.
The men returned before nightfall.
The men robbed Lorenzo's entire trailer.
The men rushed down the corridor.
The men seized their sharpened sabres without hesitation.
The men sitting on that bench are Tom and John.
The men slept with one another.
The men speak with one another.
The men standing over there are Tom and John.
The men started to patrol the village.
The men surrounded me.
The men talk to each other.
The men talk.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anybody that they'd been robbed.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anybody they'd been robbed.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anyone that they'd been robbed.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anyone they'd been robbed.
The men threatened to kill everyone in the building.
The men we're chasing are presumed armed and extremely dangerous.
The men went hunting for lions.
The men were all arrested.
The men were at a loss.
The men were carrying the boy to the hospital.
The men were chanting something in French.
The men were following Ziri.
The men were found roughly 200 kilometers from where they originally set out.
The men were sitting on some crates.
The men were speaking a foreign language.
The men were standing atop ladders or hanging from branches picking olive clusters after olive clusters.
The men were starving.
The men were working with picks and shovels.
The men weren't just skinny. They were emaciated.
The men who came looking for Tom didn't identify themselves.
The men who saved Lorenzo went by Walid.
The men who tried to steal the plane have been sentenced to death by firing squad.
The men who were here last night were Tom's friends.
The men will be happy if they get anything back.
The men will be happy no matter what they get back.
The men wore tuxedos and the women wore evening gowns.
The men work a lot.
The men worked from dawn to dusk seven days a week.
The men you mentioned aren't anywhere to be found in the list.
The men's and women's singles finals at Wimbledon are among the most exciting and popular sports events of the year.
The men's area has a very big mirror by the window.
The men's department is on the second floor.
The men's restrooms are located on floors 1 and 3.
The men's room is on the right, and the women's is on the left.
The men's room is on the second floor.
The men's toilet is on the first floor.
The men, the law enforcement agency said, aided a “transnational repression” scheme to “silence, harass, discredit and spy on U.S.-based residents for exercising their freedom of speech.”
The men, the women, the boys, and the girls are people.
The meniscus is not a bone. It is a cartilage, a flexible, elastic tissue.
The menopause is the permanent cessation of the ovaries' principal functions.
The menorah represents the spreading of God’s light to all nations.
The mentally handicapped are more vulnerable to abuse than the general population.
The menu at Benedito's restaurant is extensive.
The menu at the restaurant is very bare-bones.
The menu included an appetizer of piperade followed by marmitako, a stew made with bluefin tuna caught by hand in the nearby fishing town of Saint-Jean-de-Luz.
The menu is in French, so I can't read it.
The menu is in French.
The menu is very long.
The menu is written in French.
The menu looks absolutely amazing.
The menu on a recent day included oatmeal, scrambled eggs, sweet potato hash, English muffin and a smoothie made from pineapple, spinach and banana.
The menu was in French, so I couldn't read it.
The menu was in French.
The menu will display the option to boot from the diskette drive.
The menu, please.
The men’s and women’s singles finals at Wimbledon are among the most exciting and popular sports events of the year.
The mercenaries spied a military aircraft conducting aerial reconnaissance over the area.
The mercenaries were paid in cash.
The merchant accumulated tremendous fortune during the postwar era.
The merchant bribed the politician.
The merchant buys many pictures.
The merchant deals in silk goods.
The merchant fell on his knees and begged for his life for the sake of his three daughters who had none but him to support them.
The merchant gave a great discount on the price.
The merchant had sold goods in the city, and now planned to journey back.
The merchant is rich.
The merchant promised to come the next day.
The merchant seems to be an honest person.
The merchant sent the politician a bribe.
The merchant's wife sent Vasilissa into the forest each day, hoping she might meet the old witch and be devoured.
The merchants came in large numbers.
The merchants were driven out of the temple by Jesus.
The mercury plunged to minus 7 overnight.
The mere existence of infiniteness in the universe would bring about endless contradictions.
The mere existence of queer people isn't inherently sexual.
The mere idea of swimming across the river made me tremble.
The mere mention of adventure was enough to fill William with excitement.
The mere sight of a dog frightens him.
The mere sight of a dog made her afraid.
The mere sight of a mosquito makes her sick.
The mere sight of a snake makes her sick.
The mere sight of an official-looking person seals men's lips. These youngsters, however, go everywhere and hear everything.
The mere sight of blood makes him faint.
The mere sight of the doctor made my cousin afraid.
The mere sight of the mosquito makes her sick.
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
The mere thought of her son warmed her heart.
The mere thought of him makes me cringe.
The mere thought of it is enough to make me happy.
The mere thought of swimming across the river made him shudder.
The mere thought of the work awaiting him at home makes Tom tired.
The merest mention of his name made her angry.
The merger created the first largest bank in Japan.
The merger created the largest bank in Japan.
The merger was finalized, and it's now a fait accompli.
The merger was implemented on a 50-50 ratio.
The mermaid has no legs. She cannot sit, she can only lie.
The mermaid kissed his fair and lofty brow, and stroked back the dripping hair.
The mermaid saw that the prince was coming to life, and that he smiled at all those around him, but he never smiled at her.
The mermaid's captivating voice lured the sailors to the cliff's most dangerous area.
The mermaids can fly! Run!
The mermaids lost Odysseus' ship.
The merry-go-round rotates clockwise.
The mesenchymal tissue between the mesothelium and the ectoderm forms the mass of the skeletal, muscular and vascular systems.
The mesmerizing animations further distracted customers from the draconian terms of service.
The mesosphere is also the layer in which a lot of meteors burn up while entering Earth’s atmosphere.
The mesosphere is cold enough to freeze water vapor into ice clouds. You can see these clouds if sunlight hits them after sunset. They are called noctilucent clouds.
The mess is being removed.
The message I received said, Please contact us at your convenience.
The message couldn't have been clearer.
The message has been encoded.
The message is about you.
The message is clear.
The message is simple.
The message is very clear.
The message is very clear: the Golan Heights are part of Syria, whether some people like it or not.
The message is written in French.
The message isn't for Skura.
The message isn't for my friend. It's for my son.
The message reads as follows.
The message that Idir wants to convey is that Kabyle has its own literature.
The message was clear.
The message was deleted.
The message was easily decoded.
The message was fake.
The message was for you.
The message was from Tom, not Mary.
The message was in French.
The message was written in all capital letters.
The message was written in all caps.
The message wasn't from Tom.
The message you sent this morning hasn't been received yet.
The messages were from Tom, not from Mary.
The messenger had a son.
The messenger left for London in secret.
The messengers warned about the danger, didn't they?
The mestiza girls are, as a rule, often of wonderful beauty.
The meta-analysis excluded 831 studies from being considered.
The metal bowl is expensive.
The metal boxes, with padded interiors, have a climate-controlled thermostat that adjusts the temperature inside according to the weather outside.
The metal case was designed to withstand high pressure.
The metal mesh is assembled on huge automated machines that weld many joints at once.
The metallic gate to what seemed to be another universe became the paragon of postmodern Shinto.
The metamorphosis of insects, which I have previously mentioned as one of their most essential attributes, consists of four distinct stages, viz., the Egg, Larva, Pupa, and Imago.
The metaphor of death is a metaphor of violence.
The meteorite fragmented as it entered the Earth's atmosphere.
The meteorites have lain undisturbed there for many years.
The meteorological conditions have worsened.
The meteorologists said that a storm is coming.
The meteors can be seen in all directions, NASA says.
The meter is broken.
The meter is set at zero.
The meter of poetry can be isometric.
The meter of this poem alternates between seven and five morae per line.
The meter per second is the SI unit for velocity. Its symbol is m/s.
The methanol was detected in the region that is equivalent to where Pluto and comets are found in our own solar system.
The method Tom suggested might work.
The method Tom suggested might've been better.
The method hasn't been perfected yet.
The method is archaic.
The method is behind the times now.
The method is outdated.
The method is wicked.
The method of scientific investigation is nothing but the expression of the necessary mode of working of the human mind; it is simply the mode by which all phenomena are reasoned and given precise and exact explanation.
The method requires a rescuer or bystander to place his or her fist on the femoral artery, between the hip of the wounded leg and the genitals, and apply pressure using their full body weight to stop blood flow to the leg wound.
The method that Tom uses seems to be more effective.
The method used for tests in Australia is not meant to be difficult for the people sitting them.
The method was crude but effective.
The method was crude, but very effective.
The method was too expensive to be practical.
The method we propose has two major advantages.
The methodology used in his study is also helpful to us in conducting our research.
The methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
The methods of forced memorization are often effective.
The methods used to overcome stress are different for men and women: drinking is the major method used by men, while women deal with stress by chatting.
The metric system is a universal system of weights and measures.
The metro honked at me this morning.
The metro is five minutes away if you hotfoot it.
The metro is five minutes away if you hurry.
The metro is five minutes away if you walk fast.
The metro is five minutes away if you walk quickly.
The metro is on the right!
The metro map is easy to follow.
The metro station is quite far.
The metro's not on the left, so it's on the right.
The metro, trains and trams travel on rails.
The metro, trains and trams travel on tracks.
The metro’s not on the left, so it’s on the right.
The mettle of a true leader is seen in tough times.
The mic is yours.
The mica particles in the stone glistened in the sunlight.
The mice ate some of the bread.
The mice climbed all over Bagpuss's back while he slept.
The mice kept nibbling at the cactus, no matter how much it pricked them and made them cry.
The microbe is called Microsporidia MB, and scientists discovered it inside the guts and genitalia of mosquitoes living around Lake Victoria in Kenya.
The microbicide is predicted to have long-lasting effects in mice and could lead to the development of an intravaginal microbicide to protect women against HIV infection, possibly for weeks at a time.
The microgravity environment of space makes the ISS a unique laboratory for the testing of spacecraft systems that will be required for future exploration missions beyond low Earth orbit.
The microorganisms have evolved into large insects.
The microorganisms on the ground, such as bacteria and fungi, fertilize the earth, support the production of food and act as a drain for carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere from the burning of fossil fuels.
The microphone is dead.
The microphone is live.
The microphone is on.
The microphone is switched off.
The microphone is switched on.
The microphones are off.
The microphones are on.
The microscopic, one-celled aquatic plants are known as essential primary-producers, which form the base of the food chain for sea life.
The microtransactions amount to paying to play less of the game, which says something about how fun the developers consider the gameplay loop to be.
The microwave should be kept clean and ready for use.
The mid-morning break is between 9.15 and 9.35 a.m.
The mid-ocean range stretches around the globe like the seam of a baseball.
The mid-ocean ridge consists of thousands of individual volcanoes or volcanic ridge segments which periodically erupt.
The mid-ocean ridge is the longest mountain range on Earth.
The mid-term exams are just around the corner.
The midday sun is beating down.
The midday sun is burning the crown of my head.
The midday sun is burning the top of my head.
The middle aged man was charged with assault.
The middle aisle intersected all the other aisles.
The middle brother became a landowner.
The middle class is disappearing.
The middle class is slowly slipping into poverty.
The middle class is struggling.
The middle course is the safest.
The middle cupboard is where she keeps her tea.
The middle finger is the longest.
The middle of the night is already the beginning of a new day.
The middle one is mine.
The middle-aged women kept talking loudly all the way.
The middle-class woman placed value on her necklace because she didn't want to forgo the privileges of her class.
The midfielder has twisted his ankle.
The midland region was hampered by lack of access to the sea.
The midnight screening will end around two am.
The midnight showing is sold out.
The midnight sun is a fantastic natural phenomenon.
The midterm elections are coming up.
The midterms are coming up.
The midwife quickly began to unfold the diapers.
The might of a hero is in the people; the might of the people is in unity.
The migrant finally found her home.
The migrant finally found his home.
The migrant hoped to also get a mouthful of food.
The migratory birds head south in winter.
The migratory flyways over the United States are crowded with billions of birds every spring and fall.
The mild summer sun made Markku drowsy.
The mild weather is set to continue across France for the next few days.
The military air traffic controller manages flight paths and safety in military airspace.
The military and moral-political defeat of the fascist aggressors left a deep imprint on the minds of the peoples of the world.
The military are investigating the accident.
The military are taking over.
The military attempted to stop the chaos but they were powerless.
The military brought the civilians towards the subway station.
The military detected the Yautja with their sensors.
The military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital.
The military evacuated the civilians out of the city.
The military fired at the civilians.
The military has a very strict chain of command.
The military have initiated an invasion of the ghetto to retrieve the weapon.
The military intelligence service gathers, analyzes, and disseminates information critical to national security.
The military is always hiring.
The military killed everyone who tried to cross the border.
The military must be ready to ensure national security.
The military plane was on a collision course with a passenger plane.
The military police came after Tom.
The military police came for him.
The military policeman harassed Tom on the way home.
The military power of this country is very advanced.
The military put down the insurrection.
The military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours.
The military rained bullets on Rodrigo.
The military regime launched implacable repression on all democratic forces, political, social and union, with the aim of subduing the population through state terror.
The military set up camp.
The military ship Canberra, which was returning to Australia from exercises in Hawaii, diverted to the area and joined forces with U.S. search planes from Guam.
The military shot Rodrigo.
The military shouldn't increase their influence in Algeria.
The military shouldn't increase their power in Algeria.
The military shut down the northern access of the road to civilian traffic.
The military source was dubious.
The military stopped the alien.
The military truck almost run Edmundo over.
The military was brought in to help the governor quell the uprising.
The military were hoping that the zombies would die in a couple of months without any food.
The military were trying to destroy a giant alien organism.
The military's procurement process was found to favor the vice-president's company.
The militia put up posters of Beth's face in an attempt to name and shame her.
The militia was formed to defend citizens in an emergency.
The militia were called out.
The militia withdrew about three years later.
The milk boiled out of the pot.
The milk boiled over.
The milk didn't taste right.
The milk froze and became solid.
The milk got cloggy.
The milk had curdled.
The milk has a bad taste.
The milk has a slightly sour taste.
The milk has been contaminated. It must be thrown out.
The milk has curdled.
The milk has gone bad.
The milk has turned sour.
The milk is disgusting.
The milk is fresh.
The milk is frozen.
The milk is getting creamy.
The milk is hot.
The milk is in the cup.
The milk is in the fridge.
The milk is quenching my thirst.
The milk is rancid.
The milk is sour.
The milk is white.
The milk isn't very hot.
The milk smells bad.
The milk tasted bad.
The milk tasted sour.
The milk tastes a little sour.
The milk tastes sour.
The milk turned sour.
The milk was adulterated with water.
The milk was burnt.
The milk was diluted with water.
The milk was frozen.
The milk was green.
The milk wasn't expired.
The milk went bad.
The milk went sour.
The milk will keep for two days.
The milk you left on the table outside the fridge has soured from the heat.
The milk's a bit off.
The milkmaid is allergic to cows.
The milkman came around at six every morning.
The milkman died.
The milkman drove by with lots of racket.
The milkshake machine is broken.
The milky liquid stains the yarn in a greenish color.
The milk’s a bit off.
The mill is powered by a water wheel.
The millenarism of the early Church gradually declined.
The miller drew his mill.
The miller was unwilling to sell the bandits flour at a low price, so they robbed him.
The miller's daughter is a girl of incomparable beauty.
The million-dollar grand prize winner will be announced this Friday.
The millionaire began life as a poor boy.
The millionaire insisted on acquiring the masterpiece no matter how much it cost.
The millionaire intended to purchase the masterpiece regardless of cost.
The millionaire lived in complete isolation from the outside world.
The mills of justice move slowly.
The mills of the gods grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly fine.
The millstone turned with a creak.
The millstone's grooves wore down with use.
The mime-artist doesn't speak, only mimes.
The minaret of the Algiers Grand Mosque can be seen from everywhere.
The minaret of the Grand Mosque of Algiers can be seen from everywhere in and around the capital city.
The minaret of the Great Mosque of Algiers is the nearest thing to heaven we have in Algiers.
The minced meat was so greasy that they just didn't manage to eat it.
The mincemeat used in mince pies doesn't contain any meat.
The mind always loves to tack on to something, and when it doesn't have anything good for that purpose, it turns to the evil.
The mind always loves to tack on to something, and when it doesn’t have anything good for that purpose, it turns to the evil.
The mind and body are connected through emotions.
The mind balks in contemplation of the monuments of Egypt.
The mind craves progress, yet the flesh grows frail and holds back.
The mind is a complicated thing.
The mind is a good servant, but a poor master.
The mind is like a parachute: it only works when you open it.
The mind is material.
The mind is nothing but a plaything of the body.
The mind is the king and the mind is the subject.
The mind moves matter!
The mind needs exercise as well as the body.
The mind should be a good servant, but the heart should be the master.
The mind should be developed along with the body.
The mind works like this.
The mind's greatest good is the knowledge of God, and the mind's highest virtue is to know God.
The minds of some religious people are too restricted. They could not even look at Solar System atlases, which I possess, to appreciate the beauty of the surface features of moons and planets. Such adventure shatters their view of reality.
The mindset of the Japanese seems deeper than that of Westerners.
The mindset of this city is rotten.
The mindset that "It's OK as long as I'm OK." is the one I hate the most.
The mind’s greatest good is the knowledge of God, and the mind’s highest virtue is to know God.
The mind’s thoughts precede actions, guide them and make them. For someone, therefore, who speaks or acts with evil mind, suffering ensues, just as a cartwheel follows the path of the draft-ox.
The mine caved in and many workers were trapped inside.
The mine is crawling with zombies.
The mine is swarming with zombies.
The mine is teeming with zombies.
The mine shaft is accessible.
The mine shaft is intact.
The mine where coal was extracted has been closed for half a year already.
The miner and his bride occupied two granite beds.
The miner asked the genie of the lamp for a happy life.
The miner asked the lamp spirit for a happy life.
The miner discovered a valuable pocket of gold.
The miner likes to mine.
The miners are on strike.
The miners did not want to fight.
The miners went on strike for a wage increase.
The miners work in dangerous conditions.
The mines had to be abandoned.
The miniature city is clean and green, modern train lines slither between high-rise buildings, and the rivers that course through the city are a clear blue instead of the brown-black of real-life canals.
The miniaturized, propeller-powered robots have multiple cameras, which allow them to ‘see’ the world around them as they make their way through buildings and carry out their tasks. The researchers hope to attach arms to the devices, so they’ll be able to fix things, too.
The minimart is closed.
The minimum GPA needed to attend the university is very high.
The minimum distance that constitutes a marathon swim has dramatically shortened over time.
The minimum fee is at least four hundred dinars.
The minimum grades needed to attend the university are very high.
The minimum score needed to attend the university is very high.
The minimum speed residential areas is twenty-five miles an hour.
The minimum wage has hardly budged as of late.
The minimum wage in Algeria is higher than that of Mali.
The minimum wage in Okinawa is 642 yen per hour.
The minimum wage is $2.13 an hour.
The minimum wage is not enough to live on.
The minimum wage needs to go up.
The minimum wage should be abolished.
The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
The minister approved the building plans.
The minister conducted an exorcism in Ziri's home.
The minister contradicted his own statement.
The minister did not know that her colleague was still working at midnight.
The minister did not make a comment until now.
The minister doesn't want to resign.
The minister elected one of his close friends to a key position.
The minister emphasized the importance of the battle against organized crime.
The minister had to endure a barrage of questions from the press.
The minister had to face a barrage of questions from the press.
The minister had to resign from his office.
The minister had to resign.
The minister has not made a comment so far.
The minister inspired us with a marvelous sermon.
The minister is a great proponent of pulling yourself up by your bootstraps, even though he was born into the 14th richest family in the country.
The minister is regarded as a ditherer.
The minister is to visit Mexico next week.
The minister listened to her profession of Christianity.
The minister of defense was executed by anti-aircraft machine gun fire for falling asleep during a military parade.
The minister of trade and industry says the end of the edict, set for this Thursday, means businesses can revert to normal trading hours.
The minister offended more than once fellow members of the opposition.
The minister refused to give an interview to the reporters.
The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.
The minister was dismissed due to incompetency.
The minister was in a fix over illegal dealings.
The minister was obliged to resign from the Cabinet.
The minister was obliged to resign from the cabinet.
The minister was rebuked in public.
The minister worked hard on behalf of the poor.
The minister, embarrassed by the finding, made a segue and changed the subject.
The minister, whom I spoke to recently, agrees with me.
The ministers said they have started to consider how to unwind economic stimulus measures once a recovery is certain and asked the International Monetary Fund to study possible strategies.
The ministers will pay reciprocal visits early next year.
The ministry administers the internal affairs.
The ministry is overwhelmed with questions.
The minivan belonged to Ziri.
The minivan was driving extremely slowly.
The minority of Kabyle who support the criminal and corrupt Algerian state are Islamist Kabyle.
The minority party made a last-ditch effort to block passage of the bills.
The minstrels dress up in face paint and colorful satin costumes with fancy hats and parasols.
The minute I entered the room, they stopped talking.
The minute I have something to drink, I turn bright red.
The minute William saw Sandra, he hugged her as she cried.
The minute Ziri moved in with Rima, he knew he would like living with her.
The minute Ziri turned around, Rima punched him.
The minute has begun.
The minute or two Tom spent waiting felt like an eternity as he kept trying not to glance over at the car that brought him there, the other high schoolers in it staring at him while resting their feet on crushed beer cans and pizza boxes. "Why am I doing this?" he asked himself. "The cops are gonna catch me, and when they do there's no way I'll ever get into MIT."
The minutes became hours.
The minutes from the October 20, 2023 business meeting are enclosed herewith.
The minutes of tedious waiting stretched out.
The minutes pass by.
The minutes were released Monday.
The miracle writes about a bass.
The mirror broke.
The mirror doesn’t show who I'm on the inside.
The mirror has been broken.
The mirror has fallen because it is heavy.
The mirror is attached to the wall.
The mirror is covered with a white tissue.
The mirror is fogged up.
The mirror is on top of the dresser.
The mirror is very dirty.
The mirror isn't so clear as your table.
The mirror on a compact I got from a friend has cracked.
The mirror reflects the light.
The mirror shattered into thousands of pieces.
The mirror was shattered.
The misanthrope enjoys his solitude.
The mischievous boys put dogfood around Tom's pillow in the middle of the night. Tom woke up with dogs that drooled, crunched and swallowed near his face in the dark.
The mischievous little boy loved his dad very much.
The mischievous puppy stole my shoe.
The mischievous son loved his dad.
The miser doesn't do any good, except when he dies.
The miser opened the box to find his money stolen.
The miseries of life teach the art of silence.
The misery of others leaves a weird taste.
The misery was too much for the readers to keep back their tears.
The misfortune deprived her of her reason.
The misfortune of the ants makes the elephants laugh.
The miso soup has heated up.
The misogynistic influencer apparently has a micropenis.
The missile attack took a heavy toll of lives.
The missile streaked across the sky like a comet.
The missile traveled 400 kilometers before it splashed into the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
The missile was carried horizontally, erected by the truck itself, and launched immediately.
The missiles are mounted on a heavy-duty truck frame.
The missiles cratered the empty fields.
The missiles they fired resulted in nothing but craters in empty fields.
The missiles were 23m long, of which 19m were boosters and 4 meters were the cap of the nuclear missile with radioactive plutonium.
The missing camper is Yanni.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
The missing child that the police were looking for has been found dead.
The missing child was found dead near the pond.
The missing child was found in two days' time.
The missing child was found in two days’ time.
The missing child was found two hours later in the park.
The missing link between ape and man is us.
The missing person has been found.
The mission also operates a school.
The mission failed.
The mission had to be aborted.
The mission is accomplished.
The mission is full of landmarks: it will be the first time a South Korean woman has headed into orbit, and it will also be the first time that "kimchi"—that spicy, garlicky cabbage dish that epitomizes South Korea—will be served at the zero-gravity dinner table.
The mission is named for Eugene Parker, the physicist who first theorized the existence of the solar wind in 1958. It’s the first NASA mission to be named for a living researcher.
The mission is terminated.
The mission of Apollo 13, though, was a near disaster as an explosion damaged the craft on the way to the Moon. The mission had to be aborted and re-entry was achieved only with great difficulty.
The mission of Operation IceBridge is to collect data on changing polar ice and maintain continuity of measurements between ICESat missions. The original ICESat mission launched in 2003 and ended in 2009, and its successor, ICESat-2, is scheduled for launch in late 2018. Operation IceBridge began in 2009 and is currently planned to continue until 2020 so it to overlaps with ICESat-2 to help scientists connect measurements from the two satellites.
The mission of Operation IceBridge is to collect data on changing polar ice.
The mission of the Compton Gamma-Ray Observatory was to study gamma-ray emissions in not only our galaxy, but other galaxies beyond ours.
The mission remains to serve others.
The mission statement sounds a bit amorphous to me. Can't we make it more concrete?
The mission to the stars required years of preparation.
The mission took the direct route by air to the boundary.
The mission was a complete failure.
The mission was a total failure.
The mission was aborted.
The mission was simple.
The mission was successful.
The mission was unsuccessful.
The mission went perfectly.
The mission will be considered a success if the probe reaches Pluto.
The mission will discover a diverse array of planets, including those that orbit far from their host star.
The mission will help scientists investigate how planets formed and how life began, as well as improve our understanding of asteroids that could impact Earth.
The missionaries civilized the natives.
The missionary was eaten by cannibals.
The mission’s findings will help researchers improve their forecasts of space weather events, which have the potential to damage satellites and harm astronauts on orbit, disrupt radio communications and, at their most severe, overwhelm power grids.
The mission’s observations will help illuminate two of the biggest cosmic puzzles: dark energy and dark matter.
The mist began to clear.
The mist cleared.
The mist gradually began to clear.
The mist gradually began to lift.
The mist is clearing.
The mist prevented him from seeing very far.
The mist was so dense that I could not see even an inch ahead.
The mistake cost him his head.
The mistake does not go through.
The mistake hastened his retirement.
The mistake most people make is that they're afraid to even try.
The mistake was mine.
The mistakes are mine.
The mistakes of the past don't have to be repeated.
The mistakes we occasionally make in our sentences never go unnoticed in Tatoeba. There is always someone willing to point them out and correct them.
The mistletoe is still hung up in farm-houses and kitchens at Christmas, and the young men have the privilege of kissing the girls under it, plucking each time a berry from the bush. When the berries are all plucked the privilege ceases.
The mitochondria and chloroplast were originally prokaryotes.
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
The mix of Guarani and Spanish commonly used in the vernacular speech of Paraguay is called Jopara.
The mix of an Irish anthropologist with an interest in pottery, a small southern village in Japan and plenty of sake or rice wine to drink would inevitably produce none other than a great story.
The mixed berries in Benedito's salad are a refreshing addition.
The mixture has cooled.
The mixture is distributed in a sachet, which provides the exact amount needed to meet a child's daily requirement of iron—all at a cost of three cents or less per day.
The mixture of these substances is dangerous.
The moaning sound stopped.
The moans were coming from the window.
The mob also set fire to Tom's car.
The mob enforcer kept a pair of brass knuckles in his coat pocket.
The mob gathered round the car like so many flies.
The mob put a price on Tom's head.
The mob set fire to Tom's car.
The mobile battery has run out.
The mobile guard serves in mobile gendarmerie squadrons, specializing in public order maintenance.
The mobile is in the bag.
The mobile is in the pocket.
The mobile phone belongs to you?
The mobile phone is in the bag.
The mobile phone is in the pocket.
The mobile phone is out of battery.
The mobile phone was engaged for hours.
The mobile phone you have dialed is either switched off or outside the coverage area. Please try again later.
The mobile was engaged for hours.
The mocking behavior of the English teacher created a hostile learning environment for the foreign students.
The mocking gestures of the English teacher made the foreign learners feel inferior and discouraged.
The mocking term "freeze peach" is generally applied to demands that someone else's resources be used to propagate your opinions.
The mocking tone of the English teacher made the foreign students hesitant to speak up in class.
The mod wheel is broken on this synthesizer, but the pitch bend still works.
The model and serial numbers are located on the bottom of the console.
The model had a pert bottom and slender legs.
The model plane spiralled in ever-decreasing circles until it crashed into the ground.
The model plane they built was fragile.
The model was featured on the cover of the glamor magazine.
The model's elongated form was a great beauty and envy to all.
The modem was built into the computer.
The modem was integrated into the computer.
The moderators banned me from the website for seven days.
The modern Japanese politics is bad.
The modern Kabyle, when not at the pub, is at the mosque.
The modern art movement in Bangladesh took shape during the 1950s, particularly with the pioneering works of Zainul Abedin.
The modern bourgeois society that has sprouted from the ruins of feudal society has not done away with class antagonisms.
The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness.
The modern era is a time of total acceleration. Our life is becoming more and more dynamic.
The modern people of Germany are only one of many heirs to the ancient Germanic peoples, along with the other Germanic language speakers as well as French people, Spanish people, Italians, and others.
The modern prophet uses poetry to explore and communicate the complexity of the human condition.
The modern right wants to make you believe that their unjust actions are no reason to be outraged, and that the real threat to social justice is the people who oppose them.
The modern state of Germany should not be confused with ancient Germania.
The modern state of Germany was invented in the 19th century.
The modern theory of evolution, in all of its variants, appeals exclusively to brainless, blind processes.
The modern version, which is now popularly recognized in China as the standard qipao, was first developed in Shanghai after 1900.
The modern world is a crowd of very rapid racing cars all brought to a standstill and stuck in a block of traffic.
The modern world isn't governed by people, but by ideas.
The modern world was not made possible by common sense, but by science.
The modern-day Georgian writing system is called Mkhedruli and has 33 letters.
The modernisation plan has completely changed the character of the country.
The modernized version of the qipao is noted for accentuating the female figure.
The modification is in addition to two previous changes made by the Scripps team that improved the drug’s potency, so less of it is needed to treat an infection.
The modifications are complete.
The module has only countably many direct summands up to isomorphism.
The moisture from my breath had congealed in my beard, until that appendage felt like an iron mask.
The moisturiser contains papaw and I like it!
The moisturiser contains papaya and I like it!
The moisturiser contains pawpaw and I like it!
The mole burrowed into the earth.
The mole burrows into the ground.
The mole in our garden is very industrious.
The mole was digging through dirt.
The molecule's complexity makes its synthesis almost impossible.
The mom took three kids on the bike.
The mom whose daughters won the competition joined our political party.
The moment Daniel looked at Amanda, he gasped.
The moment I arrived home, I went to bed.
The moment I entered the swimming pool, my nose started bleeding.
The moment I heard the footsteps, I knew who it was.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
The moment I let go of the lead, the dog ran off.
The moment I opened the window, a wasp flew in.
The moment I sat down, I fell asleep.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry with me.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry.
The moment I saw it, I almost cried because I missed it so much.
The moment I saw it, I felt so loved and appreciated.
The moment I set foot into the room I suddenly calmed down, as if the breath of gods poured down on me.
The moment I started reading the book, someone knocked on the door.
The moment I walked into the room, I knew something was wrong.
The moment Tom was alone he opened the letter.
The moment Ziri laid his eyes on that car, he fell in love with it.
The moment Ziri left, Rima slapped Walid.
The moment Ziri's family got back, he told them what he saw.
The moment came.
The moment felt so passionate it almost made me tear up.
The moment for truth has finally come.
The moment had come for me to speak.
The moment has come for us to abandon this way.
The moment has come for you to abandon this way.
The moment he arrived at the station, it began to rain.
The moment he arrived, he demanded food.
The moment he caught sight of me, he ran away.
The moment he saw me he ran away.
The moment he saw me, he grew pale and ran away.
The moment he saw me, he started laughing.
The moment he saw me, he started to laugh.
The moment he saw me, he waved to me.
The moment he saw us, he ran away.
The moment he starts to argue, he explodes.
The moment he touched it, it blew up.
The moment he was alone, he opened the letter.
The moment he was alone, he wrote the letter.
The moment of truth had arrived, and she opened the envelope with trembling hands.
The moment of truth has arrived.
The moment of truth will come soon enough.
The moment passed too quickly.
The moment she arrived at the station, she phoned her mother.
The moment she heard the news of her son's death, she burst into tears.
The moment she heard the news of her son’s death, she burst into tears.
The moment she heard the news, she turned pale.
The moment she saw me, she began laughing.
The moment she saw me, she burst into tears.
The moment she saw me, she burst out crying.
The moment she saw me, she started to laugh.
The moment she starts to argue, she explodes.
The moment she stood up, I stood up as well.
The moment she was alone she opened the letter.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
The moment she'd finished, she lay down for a nap.
The moment she’d finished, she lay down for a nap.
The moment that Harris comes into view is the best part of the ferry trip.
The moment that I met Tom, I just knew that we'd get along.
The moment that he was alone he opened the letter.
The moment the activity of an organization becomes divorced from all theory; from all rational synthesis of the period and the ways of thinking that mould it, the masses are quite right to abandon that organization.
The moment the light hit Ziri, he stopped moving completely.
The moment the teacher left the classroom, it became quite noisy.
The moment the wind blew in, the candle went out.
The moment they find it, they will be surprised.
The moment they finished their meal, they went away.
The moment they saw me, they waved.
The moment they stood up, they accompanied them.
The moment was electrifying.
The moment we met, we fell in love with each other.
The moment you change lanes to avoid slow traffic, the new lane will slow down too.
The moment you know how to apologize about it, you know how to admire it.
The moment you memorize a phone number, it changes on you.
The moment you stop trying, you fail.
The moment you've all been waiting for.
The moments conspired and brought us together.
The momentum was gone.
The monarch butterfly is endangered.
The monarch had three daughters.
The monarch has six children.
The monarch has six sons.
The monarch is supposed to attend the funeral.
The monarch's abdication was a shock to the nation.
The monarch's head appears on the front of all British coins.
The monastery closed after 900 years due to a shortage of monks.
The monastic life is no life for me.
The monetary system is called into question.
The monetary unit of Brazil is the "real".
The money I earn is nothing compared to what Mary spends at the hair salon.
The money I have given him amounts to $10,000.
The money I have in the bank earns very low interest.
The money I have now falls short of what I need.
The money I have with me now isn't enough.
The money Tom found was in $100 bills.
The money Ziri stole was more than sufficient for reporting him.
The money amounts to almost two thousands dollars.
The money belongs to Robert.
The money belongs to the company.
The money came from Algeria.
The money came like manna from heaven.
The money collected allowed the construction of new accommodation.
The money could take days to arrive at its destination.
The money didn't come from Germany, but from Algeria.
The money disappeared.
The money evaporated.
The money finally materialized on the very date it was due.
The money got stained after the cash dispenser was forced.
The money has already been spent.
The money has been put to good use.
The money has not been used up.
The money has to come from somewhere.
The money he won has already been spent by him.
The money involved is substantial.
The money involved isn't insignificant.
The money is a legacy from my aunt.
The money is already beginning to run out.
The money is at your disposal.
The money is dirty.
The money is due to him.
The money is enough to buy food.
The money is for John's competitions.
The money is gone.
The money is good.
The money is in the well.
The money is insufficient.
The money is managed by Mary. Tom only receives weekly pocket money.
The money is on the table.
The money is pretty good.
The money is taken out of the drawer.
The money is terrible.
The money is to be applied to the debt.
The money is used to buy rice, vegetables, and tobacco.
The money isn't being wasted.
The money must be paid at the time of purchase.
The money needed will be given at any time.
The money needs to be spent in Algeria.
The money of all the world's billionaires is used to sell you on capitalism and to ensure that the laws are crafted in such a way as to entrench it.
The money of billionaires consists of the unpaid wages of their workers.
The money on the desk is not mine.
The money on the desk isn't mine.
The money on the table isn't mine.
The money on the table isn’t mine.
The money seems to have run out.
The money should be distributed to those in need.
The money spent by Brazil on the construction of the stadiums for the FIFA World Cup in 2014 already exceeded what Germany spent in 2006 and South Africa in 2010 combined.
The money spilled onto the floor.
The money that Chris has not paid back adds up to a large sum.
The money that he had been promised was not, according to him, a sufficient reward for such a service.
The money that politicians misspend isn't theirs, but ours.
The money was all there. Nobody touched it.
The money was already abroad.
The money was appropriated for building the gymnasium.
The money was coming from Algeria.
The money was divided among the three.
The money was enough to establish him in business.
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards.
The money was in Linda's purse.
The money was long gone.
The money was never found.
The money was not honestly come by.
The money was not invested in areas where it could bring benefit over the long term.
The money was parceled out to several charities.
The money was put into a special fund to buy books for the school library.
The money was right here a second ago, and now it's gone.
The money was stolen along with the bonds.
The money was stolen from his briefcase.
The money was stolen.
The money was transferred to Algeria.
The money was well spent.
The money we offered them was obviously not enough.
The money we received was more than enough.
The money we're giving you ought to last you a while.
The money we're giving you should last for a while.
The money we're giving you should last you for a while.
The money went fast.
The money which my mother had left was enough for all our wants, and there seemed to be no obstacle to our happiness.
The money will be divided equally.
The money will be enough to carry me to Hong Kong.
The money will be used to buy equipment for patrols and build offshore fishing vessels for the Vietnam Coast Guard, the Vietnam Fisheries Resources Surveillance Force and fishermen. This includes construction of 3,000 steel-clad fishing boats, Tran Cao Muu, General Secretary of the Vietnam Fisheries Association said. The current fleet of around 100,000 boats are made of wood.
The money will carry us for about a month.
The money will do for the time being.
The money will go a good way towards my school expenses.
The money will go directly to the manager, every last penny of it.
The money will last us about a month.
The money will probably be split evenly between those two.
The money will turn up.
The money you gave me wasn't enough to pay all the bills.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
The money you have is more important than the money you had.
The money you sent isn't enough.
The money you sent me isn't enough.
The money you've sent isn't enough.
The money's on the table.
The money, that we found in the top of our sacks, we brought back to thee from the land of Canaan: how then should it be that we should steal out of thy lord's house, gold or silver?
The money-changers were driven out of the temple by Jesus.
The mongoose always stay together as a group.
The mongoose feed on snakes and insects.
The monitor is going to sleep again.
The monitor stopped working.
The monitor was facing Leon.
The monitor was plugged in.
The monitor's stopped working.
The monitoring group has released findings of its four-month investigation into what it condemned as a "sinister" campaign.
The monk has a long beard.
The monk is forty years old.
The monk is in the monastery.
The monk is praying.
The monk prays for an hour, while the nun boils the herb in the kitchen.
The monk took a vow of silence.
The monk works at a temple.
The monkey ate my banana.
The monkey came down.
The monkey cannot sit still.
The monkey climbed a tree.
The monkey climbed higher.
The monkey climbed up a tree.
The monkey climbed up the rope to get the banana.
The monkey climbed up the tree.
The monkey climbs rapidly in the tree.
The monkey dances for money.
The monkey escaped from its cage.
The monkey fell from the tree.
The monkey got away.
The monkey hung from the branch.
The monkey hung from the tree.
The monkey is climbing a tall tree.
The monkey is in the cage.
The monkey is in the tree.
The monkey jumps from branch to branch.
The monkey locked himself in the bunker.
The monkey loves the one who strangles him.
The monkey loves the one who strangles him. He will be in a lot of trouble later! His day will come!
The monkey playfully dived into a shallow pond.
The monkey rode on the colt.
The monkey sneezed.
The monkey took a banana by means of the stick.
The monkey wants a banana.
The monkey was shook when Tom passed by him. They looked so much like one another, it was like they were twin brothers!
The monkey was swallowed by a boa constrictor.
The monkey's bottom is not staying still.
The monkey, having thrown coconuts at all of the animals as a means of amusement, could not understand why he was suddenly being chased out of the jungle.
The monkey, trained properly, will be able to do a lot of tricks.
The monkey, who came from the mountain to play in the village, picked up a red candle. There aren't many red candles. So the monkey thought of it as a firework. He brought it back to the mountain with care.
The monkeys are grooming each other.
The monkeys jump from branch to branch.
The monkeys of the Yakouren Forest are a real attraction in Algeria.
The monkeys stole all the food.
The monkeys swam out to the island.
The monkeys tried to steal our food.
The monkeys were eating figs on a tall fig tree.
The monks also raise money by selling fruitcake and creamed honey in their gift shop. In addition, they sell hooded T-shirts with the Abbey logo, scented soaps and biscotti.
The monks are meditating.
The monks became the copyists of the ancient manuscripts.
The monks chanted a mantra in unison.
The monks continued to pray.
The monks discovered an ancient manuscript.
The monks elected a new abbot.
The monks encourage local residents to put food into the provided bowls to cut plastic waste.
The monks placed religious icons and a Bible in the room.
The monks raise money by selling honey.
The monks were meditating.
The monks were on retreat.
The monks' zero waste initiative inspired the entire village.
The monovalent oral polio vaccine uses only the attenuated strain of type-one poliovirus and only immunizes against that strain of the disease.
The monsoon is a central element.
The monsoon season is coming.
The monsoon season seems to be dragging on this year.
The monster Grendel attacked king Hrothgar's great hall every night.
The monster almost reached the ceiling.
The monster appeared right in front of Ziri.
The monster approached Ziri.
The monster began chasing behind Ziri.
The monster bit Boldi right on the arm.
The monster can take any form; it could be any one of us.
The monster caught Lukas and devoured his head.
The monster caught Ziri and devoured him.
The monster chased Ziri closely behind.
The monster chased behind Ziri immediately.
The monster chased me.
The monster continued rushing towards the humans.
The monster controls everything.
The monster crawled down the building.
The monster demands a human sacrifice at every full moon.
The monster descended into the whirlpool.
The monster devoured Stefan in a single bite.
The monster devoured Ziri.
The monster devoured all the people that were running away.
The monster eats children.
The monster fixated on Stefan.
The monster got closer and closer, trying to find Stefan.
The monster got roasted and killed.
The monster grabbed Bruno’s body.
The monster had a guttural growl.
The monster had a mouth with pure white teeth.
The monster had human teeth.
The monster had long arms with very sharp claws.
The monster had no eyes. Only a mouth with sharp teeth.
The monster had razor-sharp teeth.
The monster had stick-like legs.
The monster immediately chased Ziri.
The monster in the movie would stomp on anything that got in its way.
The monster knocked Ziri into the air.
The monster knocked the soldiers into the air.
The monster literally had eyes in the back of its head. It was really creepy!
The monster of antisemitism is still among us.
The monster passed out immediately.
The monster ripped off the chains.
The monster rushed at Boris.
The monster screeched in pain and charged at Ziri.
The monster seemed to be watching us.
The monster spread out its huge tentacle and caught Paul.
The monster started braking into Paul’s house.
The monster started to walk slowly.
The monster suddenly rose up on its hind legs.
The monster sustained serious injuries.
The monster swallowed Ziri whole.
The monster threw Ziri into the air.
The monster threw Ziri onto the ground.
The monster tore Leonid's throat open.
The monster tried fiercely to get into the building.
The monster tries to lure kids away from their parents.
The monster trudged into Ziri's room.
The monster turned its attention towards the priest.
The monster turns people against each other and devours them when they're isolated.
The monster walked in Stefan's direction, furious.
The monster wanders the woods during the night.
The monster was chasing after Ziri.
The monster was climbing onto the building.
The monster was going to eat Yuri alive.
The monster was grotesque but not intimidating.
The monster was shaking violently.
The monster was standing over the dead deer.
The monster was trying to grab Ziri.
The monster's breath smelt of death.
The monster's breath smelt of decay.
The monster's saliva became a paste-like substance.
The monster's smile was cruel.
The monster's ugly visage horrified the campers.
The monsters are nocturnal.
The monsters communicated using a series of clicks.
The monsters dragged Gunter down their tunnel.
The monsters started attacking the people.
The monsters were attacking people.
The monsters were trying to break out from the military facility.
The monster’s smile was cruel.
The month March is the first month of Spring.
The month after next is December.
The month before Christmas is a very busy time of year for stores.
The month is drawing to an end.
The month of February has only twenty-eight days.
The month of February is shorter than March.
The month of May is coming to an end.
The month of May is the month of mothers.
The month of October is coming to an end.
The month of September is about to begin.
The month slipped by slowly.
The month when school begins is April.
The monthly lecture starts in October.
The monthly staff meeting is never held on Monday.
The months come and go.
The months of June, July and August are when Hollywood releases its blockbusters, the big-budget films aimed at appealing to global audiences.
The months of the Hebrew calendar are: Tishrei, Cheshvan, Kislev, Tevet, Shevat, Adar, Nissan, Iyyar, Sivan, Tammuz, Av and Elul.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
The months slipped by and still there was no news of him.
The months slipped by, and still there was no news of Tom.
The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.
The monument is being restored.
The monument was defaced.
The monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
The monument was set up in the park.
The monument will be stored for now.
The monuments of Florence are very famous.
The monuments of wit survive the monuments of power.
The mood has become more relaxed.
The mood in the courtroom was tense.
The mood in the room shifted completely.
The mood is sober.
The mood is tense.
The mood was tense.
The moon always shows its same side to earth.
The moon and stars were shining above us.
The moon and the stars shone above us.
The moon and the stars were shining above us.
The moon appeared between the clouds.
The moon bathes in wisdom.
The moon began to show her pale face from behind the clouds.
The moon came out from behind the cloud.
The moon came out from behind the clouds.
The moon came out.
The moon cast a gentle light.
The moon cast a soft glow over the land.
The moon cast a soft glow over the quiet countryside.
The moon casts a silvery glow on the Earth.
The moon circles the earth.
The moon disappeared behind the clouds.
The moon does not cross the meridian today.
The moon does not shine as brightly as the sun.
The moon doesn't exist.
The moon doesn't have an atmosphere.
The moon doesn't have light of its own.
The moon doesn't listen when the dog insults it.
The moon doesn't shine on its own.
The moon doesn’t have light of its own.
The moon emerged from behind the cloud.
The moon emerged from behind the clouds.
The moon fell brightly on the water.
The moon goes round the earth once a month.
The moon guards our secrets.
The moon had already disappeared, and it was very dark in the woods.
The moon has appeared.
The moon has come out.
The moon has gone down.
The moon has mountains, too.
The moon has no atmosphere.
The moon has no light of its own, but rather it reflects the light of the sun to the children of the night.
The moon has no light of its own, the light of the moon comes from the sun.
The moon has not yet risen.
The moon has risen.
The moon has set.
The moon hasn't come up yet.
The moon hasn't risen yet.
The moon hid her face in the cloud.
The moon illuminated his pale face.
The moon is Earth's only natural satellite.
The moon is a satellite of the earth.
The moon is a so-called natural satellite.
The moon is about 400,000 kilometres from Earth.
The moon is already out.
The moon is already shining.
The moon is already up.
The moon is an empty world.
The moon is approximately 400,000 kilometers from Earth.
The moon is beautiful in autumn.
The moon is beautiful in fall.
The moon is beautiful, isn't it?
The moon is beautiful.
The moon is behind the clouds.
The moon is bright.
The moon is brighter than usual tonight.
The moon is coming up over the mountains.
The moon is distant from the earth.
The moon is especially beautiful today.
The moon is exceptionally bright tonight.
The moon is exceptionally pretty tonight.
The moon is full tonight.
The moon is hidden behind the clouds.
The moon is high in the sky.
The moon is in the heavens.
The moon is in the same spot.
The moon is in the sky, she is on earth.
The moon is in the sky.
The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
The moon is lighting the room.
The moon is losing weight.
The moon is low in the sky tonight.
The moon is low in the sky.
The moon is made of cheese.
The moon is made out of cheese.
The moon is nearly full.
The moon is nice tonight.
The moon is not a good place to live on.
The moon is not always the same distance away from Earth.
The moon is on a diet.
The moon is out tonight.
The moon is out.
The moon is pretty in the fall.
The moon is really beautiful tonight.
The moon is really bright tonight.
The moon is risen.
The moon is shining bright.
The moon is shining brightly tonight.
The moon is shining brightly.
The moon is shining high in the sky.
The moon is shining tonight.
The moon is shining very beautifully.
The moon is shining.
The moon is splendid.
The moon is still shining.
The moon is the Cossacks' sun.
The moon is the Earth's satellite.
The moon is the Earth’s satellite.
The moon is the dream of the sun.
The moon is the earth's only satellite.
The moon is the earth’s only satellite.
The moon is very beautiful this evening.
The moon is very bright tonight.
The moon is waning.
The moon is waxing.
The moon isn't a star.
The moon isn't always the same distance away from Earth.
The moon isn't hollow, Tom.
The moon just stared back down at me.
The moon knows how much I love you.
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.
The moon landing was real, but there's a second moon that NASA doesn't want you to know about.
The moon landings weren't hoaxes. They just simply forgot that technology.
The moon lights the way.
The moon lit the room.
The moon looks amazing tonight.
The moon looks beautiful tonight.
The moon looks completely round. But it's actually the base of a cone, you know.
The moon looks so perfectly round right now, it could be the base of a cone.
The moon looks so perfectly round. It's actually the base of a cone, you know.
The moon makes its appearance.
The moon moves around the earth.
The moon observes the world in silence.
The moon of a bright silver, which dazzles by its shining, illumines a world which surely is no longer ours; for it resembles in nothing what may be seen in other lands.
The moon of that gas giant has oceans of water under a thick layer of ice.
The moon orbits the earth.
The moon revolves around the earth.
The moon rises in the east.
The moon rose above the clouds.
The moon rose above the hill.
The moon rose above the horizon.
The moon rose and made the waste look colder, deader than under the starlight.
The moon rose.
The moon sank in the night sky.
The moon seems to just hang there in the sky, but in reality it's moving at a terrific speed.
The moon shines at night.
The moon shines because it reflects sunlight.
The moon shines bright.
The moon shines during the night.
The moon shines in the sky.
The moon shines with a metallic light.
The moon shines with reflected light.
The moon shone bright.
The moon shone brightly on David and Martha.
The moon shone brightly.
The moon shone brilliantly across the night sky.
The moon shone clear above them, and they rode swiftly abreast, taking that course which the maid must needs have taken if she were to reach her own home.
The moon slipped behind the clouds.
The moon smiled at us from between the trees.
The moon this evening is fantastic.
The moon tonight is especially beautiful.
The moon turns the roofs in the village to silver.
The moon was above the horizon.
The moon was beautiful.
The moon was bright and the air was cold.
The moon was bright last night.
The moon was bright.
The moon was completely hidden by a big black cloud.
The moon was covered by some clouds.
The moon was dim.
The moon was full last night.
The moon was full yesterday.
The moon was full.
The moon was incredibly bright.
The moon was low upon the right, and the jagged pinnacle of a granite tor stood up against the lower curve of its silver disc. There, outlined as black as an ebony statue on that shining background, I saw the figure of a man upon the tor.
The moon was mirrored in the lake.
The moon was on the lake.
The moon was reflected in the lake.
The moon was reflected in the water's surface.
The moon was reflecting off the glass.
The moon was shining bright and clear.
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue.
The moon was shining bright.
The moon was shining brightly.
The moon was shining off the lake.
The moon was so bright there.
The moon was still bright enough to see Ziri's tent.
The moon was the only light in the mountains that night.
The moon was the only source of light.
The moon was very bright last night.
The moon went behind the clouds.
The moon's craters were formed by impacts from space rocks.
The moon's gravity is weaker than Earth's, allowing astronauts to jump higher.
The moon's orbit is always concave toward the sun.
The moon's out, so it's not so dark tonight.
The moon's so bright.
The moon, an old woman with no ears.
The moon, on the breast of the new-fallen snow, / Gave a lustre of mid-day to objects below; / When, what to my wondering eyes should appear, / But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny rein-deer, / With a little old driver, so lively and quick, / I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
The moon, veiled by the clouds, illuminated the countryside with a glimmer, equal and vague.
The mooncake is a kind of Chinese snack.
The moonlight bathed the room in silver.
The moonlight flooded the room.
The moonlight is beautiful.
The moonlight is dim.
The moonlight is particularly bright tonight.
The moonlight is really beautiful.
The moonlight is so beautiful!
The moonlight is weak.
The moonlight lay over a peaceful landscape of lawns and thickets, against which the straggling ruins of the old abbey stood out in tragic outlines, truncated columns, mutilated arches, fragments of porches and shreds of flying buttresses.
The moonlight lit the path ahead.
The moonlight reflected off the snowflakes.
The moonlight reflected on the lake.
The moonlight shone brightly.
The moonlight was really bright.
The moonlight was the only source of light.
The moonlit beach was beautiful.
The moor is very sparsely inhabited.
The moor was covered with heather.
The moorhens formerly disappeared from London in winter; they are now residents throughout the year in a few of the parks where there is shelter, and during severe frosts they feed at the same table with the ornamental water-fowl.
The moorland itself is a mass of granite upheaved in pre-glacial days, weathered by countless centuries into undulating surfaces, pierced by jagged tors, and interspersed with large patches of bog and peat-mire.
The moors round here are mainly covered in bracken and heather.
The moose bugles.
The moose is the largest member of the deer family.
The moose is the largest member of the deer family. Males can weigh as much as 726 kilos and stand as high as 2-and-a-half meters at the shoulder. Their antlers have a spread of more than a meter. They once ranged throughout the forests that covered the north-eastern part of what's now the United States.
The moose is the largest representative of the family deer.
The moose is the state animal of Alaska.
The moose population in certain areas has been affected by hunting and habitat loss.
The moose turned and started to walk through the brush along the water’s edge.
The moose used his antlers to fight off a rival male during mating season.
The moped is not mine.
The moral of the story is that it's wrong to lie.
The moral of the story is that you can't trust the system.
The moral of the story simply comes down to keeping your doors locked.
The moral sense, or conscience, is as much a part of man as his leg or arm. It is given to all human beings in a stronger or weaker degree, as force of members is given them in a greater or less degree. It may be strengthened by exercise, as may any particular limb of the body.
The morale of those men was excellent.
The morals of children are tenfold worse than formerly.
The morals of our politicians have been corrupted.
The morass of regulations is delaying the project.
The moray eel isn't as aggressive as it seems.
The more Berber you know, the better it is.
The more Berber you learn, the better for you.
The more Daniel talked to Amanda, the more he liked her.
The more Gabon has resisted the poachers, the more dangerous the fight has become for the eco-guards. Officials say gunfights are a "commonplace" occurrence for rangers.
The more I advise the young people, the less they oppose me.
The more I am happy to be content, the more she worries about being anxious.
The more I am learning about Tom, the less I trust him.
The more I detest men individually the more ardent becomes my love for humanity.
The more I do that, the happier I am.
The more I do this, the easier it becomes.
The more I eat the bigger my appetite gets.
The more I find out about myself, the more I see myself as weird, and yet, the less I'm bothered by it.
The more I get done, the happier I become.
The more I get to know people, the more I realize why Noah only let animals on the boat.
The more I get, the more I want.
The more I get, the more I want. The more I want, the less I get. The less I get, the less I want. The less I want, the more I get.
The more I hear, the more interesting it becomes.
The more I improve my French, the more I forget my English.
The more I improve my Korean, the more I forget English.
The more I know about people, the more I like animals.
The more I know her, the more I love her.
The more I know him, the more I like him.
The more I know men, the more I admire dogs.
The more I know myself, the clearer my life becomes.
The more I learn Esperanto, the more I like it.
The more I learn Esperanto, the more I like that language.
The more I learn Esperanto, the more I like this language.
The more I learn about demography, the more I realize how rich a story a single population graph can tell.
The more I listen to her, the less I like her.
The more I live, the more I learn.
The more I live, the more I see.
The more I practice, the better I get.
The more I practise, the better I get.
The more I read about Islam, the more I loved it.
The more I read about the Go game, the more interesting it seems to me.
The more I read this book, the more I like it.
The more I read, the less I know.
The more I read, the more I know.
The more I read, the more I learn.
The more I read, the more interesting knowledge I acquire.
The more I see it, the more I want it.
The more I see this picture the more I like it.
The more I see you, the more I desire you.
The more I see you, the more I hate you.
The more I see you, the more I love you.
The more I see you, the more I want you.
The more I see, the less I understand.
The more I sleep, the less I dream.
The more I sleep, the less I feel like working.
The more I sleep, the more I want to sleep.
The more I spoke, the wider her grin became.
The more I studied computers, the more interesting I came to find it.
The more I studied psychology, the more interesting I came to find it.
The more I studied psychology, the more interesting I found it.
The more I studied psychology, the more interesting it seemed to me.
The more I study for an exam, the worse I do! I guess correlation does not imply causation.
The more I talk to Tom, the less I like him.
The more I think about it, the less I like it.
The more I think about it, the less I like your plan.
The more I think about it, the less I understand it.
The more I think about it, the less it pleases me.
The more I think about the future, the more I worry. So, I've decided not to think about it anymore.
The more I think about this, the less I understand.
The more I think of it, the less I like it.
The more I think, the less I understand.
The more I thought about it, the angrier I became.
The more I thought about it, the better I liked the idea.
The more I thought about it, the more I felt like crying.
The more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that I should be concerned.
The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to do it.
The more I thought about it, the more I wondered whether it could really be true.
The more I thought about it, the more depressed I became.
The more I thought about it, the more discouraged I got.
The more I thought about it, the more embarrassed I got.
The more I thought about it, the more excited I became.
The more I thought about it, the more excited I got.
The more I thought about it, the more my initial certainty turned to doubt.
The more I thought about it, the more sense it made.
The more I thought about it, the more worried I got.
The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
The more I thought, the more extraordinary and inexplicable did it appear.
The more I train, the better I get.
The more I try to forget about my ex, the more I think about him.
The more I try to forget about my ex-boyfriend, the more I think about him.
The more I try, the more mistakes I make.
The more I was typing, the more upset I was.
The more I work, the less I sleep.
The more Miroslav talked, the more obnoxious he was.
The more Sami heard about Layla's affair, the more he hated her.
The more Sami read about Islam, the more he liked the religion.
The more Tom drank, the more obnoxious he became.
The more Vladimir was trying to stay clear of Anna, the more he ran into her.
The more Ziri avoided thinking about vomiting, the more nauseous he got.
The more Ziri looked around, the more he became paranoid and agitated.
The more Ziri stared at that creature, the more scared he was.
The more a man has, the more he wants.
The more a man knows, the more he discovers his ignorance.
The more a state aims at creating a culture of distraction from the lack of justification for its own existence, the more it supports creation of and access to narrations that are lavishly presented on a spectacular scale and tend toward fairy-tale fictions.
The more bitch that had you born a thousand times.
The more books you read, the more you'll know.
The more books you read, the more you’ll know.
The more careful you are, the fewer mistakes you make.
The more cheese, the more holes. The more holes, the less cheese. Thus: The more cheese, the less cheese.
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you'll get.
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you’ll get.
The more civilization advances, the more people long for nature.
The more closely a vegan food product resembles meat, the less healthy it generally is.
The more complex a system is, the greater the risk of error.
The more complicated the law the more opportunity for scoundrels.
The more contact there is between people, the more misunderstandings there will be.
The more content, the easier it is to push it together.
The more contributors there are, the more useful Tatoeba will become!
The more countries a language is spoken in, the less important it is to sound like a native speaker, since speakers of that language are accustomed to hearing various dialects.
The more creative the sentence, the less likely it is that someone will invent exactly the same one.
The more curious you are, the better.
The more danger, the more honor.
The more data we can get, the better.
The more data we have, the better.
The more delicious someone is, the more money they have.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I am to be able to answer them.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I'll be able to answer them.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I’ll be able to answer them.
The more effective a sunscreen is, the more burden it puts on the skin.
The more elevated a culture, the richer its language. The number of words and their combinations depends directly on a sum of conceptions and ideas; without the latter there can be no understandings, no definitions, and, as a result, no reason to enrich a language.
The more excited he gets, the quieter he becomes.
The more excited he got, the less talkative he became.
The more feminine a woman is, the more attractive she is to a man.
The more food you eat, the less we have to bring back. So eat as much as you want!
The more foolish a child is, the cuter he seems to his parents.
The more friends you have, the better.
The more fun the activity, the better.
The more gifts, the more friends.
The more guests there are, the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret.
The more he flatters, the less I like him.
The more he grows, the more handsome he becomes.
The more he grows, the more he forgets.
The more he lied, the longer his nose grew.
The more he lives, the more he sees.
The more he mentions that house, the more dread overtakes him.
The more he speaks of that house, the more anxiety grips him.
The more he spoke about that house, the more afraid he got.
The more he talks about that house, the more fear enters him.
The more he thought about it, the worse the situation he found himself in appeared.
The more he thought about it, the worse the situation he was in appeared.
The more he thought about it, the worse the situation he was in seemed.
The more he thought about it, the worse the situation in which he found himself appeared.
The more he thought about it, the worse the situation seemed in which he found himself.
The more he thought about it, the worse the situation that he was in appeared to him.
The more he waited, the more irritated he became.
The more he works, the more he earns.
The more human contact, the more misunderstanding.
The more hurry, the less speed.
The more ignorant people are the more sure they are that they're correct.
The more important crossroads are equipped with traffic lights and roundabouts.
The more information you give me, the better the advice I can provide you.
The more jobs are automated, the better.
The more languages you know, the bigger a person you are.
The more languages you know, the more you enrich your personality.
The more languages you learn, the more you have to fight not to forget them.
The more languages you master, the simpler you'll find them.
The more languages you speak, the more you're worth.
The more languages ​​you know, that many times you're a person.
The more laws, the more offenders.
The more learned and witty you be, the more fit to act for Satan will you be.
The more leisure he has, the happier he is.
The more love you give, the more you get.
The more mistakes I make in translation, the more I learn, hopefully.
The more money I have, the more friends I have.
The more money we have, the more we want.
The more money you make, the more money you spend.
The more news I read the less I believe in democracy.
The more often you see a word when reading, the easier it is to remember its spelling.
The more one drinks, the thirstier one becomes.
The more one eats, the more one wants.
The more one has, the more one desires.
The more one has, the more one wants.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
The more one owns, the more one wants.
The more one works, the more one earns.
The more one works, the more willing one is to work.
The more outrageous a mnemonic is, the easier it is to remember.
The more people I asked, they said ‘When you find out something about cheetahs let us know. They don’t do well in captivity. They have a very short life span and we’re losing them throughout the ranges in the world.’ So that just made me fascinated and I wanted to know everything there was about them.
The more people I meet, the more people like me.
The more people are positive, the better our world will be.
The more people believe in some theory, the more is the probability that it's false. He who is right is alone in most cases.
The more people buy a certain merchandise, the higher its price.
The more people buy a given item of merchandise, the higher its price.
The more people drink, the more they talk.
The more people give up meat, the less suffering there will be on Earth.
The more people have, the more they want.
The more people know about an escape plan, the less chance it has of success.
The more people you know, the less time you have to see them.
The more people you know, the less time you have to visit them.
The more people, the better.
The more phrases you learn, the easier you will find your way.
The more phrases you learn, the easier your comprehension will be.
The more players there are, the more fun this game is to play.
The more popcorn you eat, the more you want.
The more power, the more corruption.
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
The more powerful, the more corrupt.
The more precise the calculations, the stronger the friendship.
The more public the work, the more criticism you receive.
The more risks you take, the more likely it is that you'll be injured.
The more risks you take, the more likely it is that you'll get hurt.
The more roots one adds to a language, the less enthusiastic I am to learn it.
The more scientific the subject, the less the possibility of different interpretations.
The more sentences being taken, the more creative you'll have to be.
The more she grows, the more beautiful she becomes.
The more she spurns my love, the more it grows.
The more she talked, the more bored I got.
The more she talked, the more bored I grew.
The more she thought about it, the less she liked it.
The more sins you confess, the more books you will sell.
The more skills one masters, the greater contribution one can make to society.
The more spare time he has, the happier he is.
The more stubborn you are, the more isolated you become.
The more than 150 global mountain experts attending the first High Mountain Summit warn time is running out for the world's glaciers.
The more the better.
The more the crowd drank, the noisier they became.
The more the devil has, the more he wants.
The more the merrier.
The more the other side argues its supposed merits, the less I like this proposed legislation.
The more the plot thickens, the more the mystery unfolds.
The more the universe seems comprehensible, the more it seems meaningless.
The more they explain it, the less impressive it is.
The more they have, the more they want.
The more they struggled, the harder it became.
The more they waited, the more anxious they became.
The more they want to try to deny the existence of God, the more I believe God exists.
The more things I have, the more I am going to have to clean.
The more things are forbidden, the more popular they become.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The more things change, the more they're the same.
The more things change, the more they’re the same.
The more time I spend at work, the greater my sense of malaise, and the greater my need for rest at home.
The more time I spend doing this, the less time I have to do things I enjoy doing.
The more time I spend here, the more I like it.
The more time Michael spent with Linda, the more he enjoyed her company.
The more time a student has to prepare, the less time he will spend preparing.
The more time passed, the more excited the two got.
The more time passes, the more the pain begins to ease.
The more time the student has to prepare something, the less he will use to actually prepare it.
The more time you dedicate to learning a language, the more right you have to judge it.
The more time you spend speaking a foreign language, the better you get at guessing what non-native speakers are trying to say in your own language.
The more time you spend talking about what you do, the less time you have to do it.
The more time you spend with people, the better you get to know them.
The more time you waste, the worse.
The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him.
The more unique each person is, the more he contributes to the wisdom of others.
The more variables you have, the less predictable the results become.
The more visibly Jewish someone is, the more likely they are to experience poverty and violence.
The more volunteers you get, the more vandals.
The more we can do today, the less we'll need to do tomorrow.
The more we can get, the better.
The more we dumb down language, the more we dumb down ourselves.
The more we have the less we own.
The more we have, the greater our desire will be.
The more we have, the more we want.
The more we know about life, the better we can understand what we read.
The more we know about our situation, the less we fear.
The more we learn, the better we realize our ignorance.
The more we learn, the more we forget.
The more we learn, the more we know.
The more we learn, the more we realise that we don't know much.
The more we learn, the more we realize how little we know.
The more we live, the more we learn.
The more we live, the more we want to live.
The more we rant about trivialities, the more we let the enormities slide.
The more we read, the more we perceive the world in far greater nuances.
The more we spoil a child, the more problematic he will be.
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance.
The more we study, the more we know.
The more we wait, the less time remains.
The more we wait, the less we know.
The more we waited, the clearer it became.
The more we waited, the worse it got.
The more worthless the plant, the more rapid and splendid is its growth.
The more years pass, the more I realize New Year's Eve is a day like any other!
The more you approach women, the more you'll learn.
The more you buy, the more you save.
The more you control people, the more they slip through your fingers.
The more you do it, the easier it becomes.
The more you do now, the less you'll do tomorrow.
The more you do now, the less you'll have to do tomorrow.
The more you do now, the less you’ll do tomorrow.
The more you do something, the better you get at it.
The more you do that, the better you'll get at doing it.
The more you do that, the more you'll want to do it.
The more you do, the better.
The more you drink, the less careful you will be.
The more you drink, the less you eat.
The more you earn, the more you spend.
The more you eat Kuqa's apricots, the more of them you'll want to eat.
The more you eat Kuqa’s apricots, the more of them you’ll want to eat.
The more you eat, the fatter you'll get.
The more you eat, the fatter you’ll get.
The more you eat, the more you want.
The more you explain it, the less I understand it.
The more you explain it, the more I don't understand it.
The more you explain it, the more I don’t understand it.
The more you explore, the more you realize how much exists beneath the surface here.
The more you get to know her, the more you'll like her.
The more you get to know her, the more you’ll like her.
The more you get, the more you want.
The more you give, the more they take.
The more you give, the more you get back.
The more you hate Dan, the more he will keep coming.
The more you have, the more you have to lose.
The more you have, the more you want.
The more you know a language, the less confidence you have in your ability to speak it correctly.
The more you know about anything, the more interesting it becomes.
The more you know about him, the more you like him.
The more you know about something, the more interesting it becomes.
The more you know him, the more you like him.
The more you know the less you know.
The more you know, the less you know.
The more you know, the less you understand.
The more you know, the more you understand that you know nothing.
The more you learn, the less you know.
The more you learn, the more you become aware of your ignorance.
The more you learn, the more you want to.
The more you learn, the more you're aware of your ignorance.
The more you listen, the more you speak.
The more you live, the more you learn.
The more you look, the more you will see, and the more interesting they will become.
The more you love someone, the more active you will be.
The more you love, the more you suffer.
The more you own, the more you want.
The more you play, the better you'll get.
The more you possess, the more you desire.
The more you practice Berber, the quicker you'll get results.
The more you practice, the less likely you are to make a mistake.
The more you read French, the better you'll get at reading it.
The more you read the book, the less you will understand it.
The more you read this book, the less you understand!
The more you read, the more you know.
The more you read, the more you want to write.
The more you run the tired you become.
The more you seek, the more you find.
The more you sleep, the sooner you'll get well.
The more you speak French, the better you'll get at speaking it.
The more you study the more you learn.
The more you study, the better.
The more you study, the more curious you will become.
The more you study, the more you discover your ignorance.
The more you study, the more you know.
The more you study, the more you learn.
The more you suffer in life, the more compassionate you become.
The more you tell me, the more I can help.
The more you travel, the more you learn.
The more you try to get it your way, the less you feel at home.
The more you wait, the harder it gets.
The more you wait, the worse it's going to get.
The more you work, the better.
The more you work, the more you earn.
The more you work, the more you gain.
The more, the better.
The more, the merrier!
The more, the merrier.
The morgue is full.
The morning after I arrived there, I took a walk into the woods of oaks.
The morning air is crisp.
The morning air is fresh and pleasant.
The morning birds are singing.
The morning breeze was invigorating.
The morning dawned bright and cheerily.
The morning dew evaporated in the first sunbeams.
The morning dew glistened on the grass.
The morning fog had descended everywhere.
The morning forecast predicted thunder showers later in the day.
The morning freshness woke me up completely.
The morning glory is an invasive plant that climbs over everything.
The morning has finally arrived.
The morning is just a few hours away.
The morning light is increasing.
The morning paper was uninteresting.
The morning rain didn't stop the traveler.
The morning rain washed away all the dew.
The morning rush is at its peak now.
The morning service began with a hymn.
The morning sun came in the window.
The morning sun is so bright that I can't look at it.
The morning sun is so bright that I cannot see it.
The morning sun is too bright to look at.
The morning sun makes the hoarfrost on the twigs and branches glisten.
The morning sunshine is so bright that I can't look at it.
The morning sunshine is so bright that I can’t look at it.
The morning was clear and cool.
The morning was clear.
The morning was drizzling, this 28th of December of 2024. (Incidentally, there are 28 letters in the Esperanto alphabet.) I walked to Tim Hortons, there to eat a croissant and a hash brown, and to drink an oat milk iced coffee. Amongst the vendors were handsome men, Joban and Pushpak. The ladies were pretty. They were all South Asians. There was a fat Eurasian boy toddler with his white mama and Sinospheric papa amongst the customers. At our house, Rex, the cousin of my cousin Eve, arrived from the states. A devout Roman Catholic Filipino, he was wearing a necklace with a hanging crucifix when he greeted me. I exclaimed "Mr. Lingo!": Like I, he has been a long-time language fanatic, and now he is learning Portuguese and Polish. He knows that my "favourite" is Esperanto. He amused himself with my dark red T-shirt with the vertical phrase in white letters in Spanish: "¡Las estrellas son Australias!" ("The stars are Australias!" about outer space and potential future colonies on the cold and hot desert worlds beyond our Earth). I was wearing also a red baseball cap with yellow lettering of "XANADU, TITAN": a reference to a mystical region on Saturn's moon. Rex would be sojourning with my Filipino family, here on Lulu Island, for the weekend visit. He earlier communicated that he would want "bubble tea" from here. I complimented Rex that he still "looks the same" from decades ago.
The morning, which had arisen calm and bright, gave a pleasant effect even to the waste moorland view which was seen from the castle on looking to the landward.
The morpheme "homo" in "homosexual" and that in "Homo sapiens" are homonymous, terms that sound the same, but mean something different, the first meaning "same," whilst the latter meaning "human."
The mortality curve is climbing upwards.
The mortality rate has fallen.
The mortality rate per 1000 live births are set out in figure 13.1.
The mortality rate was highest — 27% — among non-Hispanic whites.
The mortar and pestle always go together.
The mosaic depicts a butterfly.
The mosque became a second home for his kids.
The mosque began coming into view.
The mosque collapsed in the earthquake.
The mosque faces east.
The mosque faces the sea.
The mosque has a little library.
The mosque has a parking lot.
The mosque has an alarm system.
The mosque has plenty of room.
The mosque has room for tens of thousands of worshippers.
The mosque has sliding doors.
The mosque has two doors.
The mosque in our Kabyle village was built in the 1700s.
The mosque is a gathering place.
The mosque is across the parking lot.
The mosque is at the edge of the city.
The mosque is closed 24/7.
The mosque is closed.
The mosque is empty.
The mosque is far from his house.
The mosque is four miles away.
The mosque is in the middle of the village.
The mosque is just a couple of doors down.
The mosque is just across the street.
The mosque is located in a wooded area.
The mosque is locked.
The mosque is nearby.
The mosque is next to the library.
The mosque is not big enough to hold us all.
The mosque is not big enough to hold us all. We need to pray outside.
The mosque is not very far away.
The mosque is on the second storey.
The mosque is one apartment building over from us.
The mosque is only around the corner.
The mosque is only open on Friday.
The mosque is open.
The mosque is right across the street from my house.
The mosque is right in front of us.
The mosque is surrounded on all sides by trees.
The mosque is there.
The mosque is two houses ahead.
The mosque looks extremely abandoned.
The mosque opens at four in the morning.
The mosque reopened.
The mosque survived the bombing.
The mosque survived.
The mosque was adjacent to Yanni's elementary school.
The mosque was behind us.
The mosque was brightly lit up.
The mosque was built centuries ago.
The mosque was built in the fifteenth century.
The mosque was closed.
The mosque was demolished in 2004.
The mosque was fully lit.
The mosque was massive.
The mosque was quiet.
The mosque was silent.
The mosque was steaming hot.
The mosque was taller than any other building in town.
The mosque was temporarily closed.
The mosque was the biggest structure in town.
The mosque was too quiet.
The mosque was torched in the middle of the night.
The mosque was torn down.
The mosque's door is open.
The mosque, which was built in the fifteenth century, is the most beautiful building in the town.
The mosquito bites itch. Do you have something for that?
The mosquito flew out of the window.
The mosquito net was torn.
The mosquito that carries the Zika virus lays its eggs in old tires, water cisterns, bottle caps—any place where there's a drop or two of water.
The mosquito was sucking my blood.
The mosquitoes are annoying.
The mosquitoes are really bad here. I'm getting eaten alive.
The mosquitoes didn't bother me.
The mosquitoes have disappeared.
The mosquitoes were relentless.
The mosquitoes will eat you alive.
The mosquitos are aggressive this evening.
The mosquitos are aggressive tonight.
The mosquitos in Minnesota are as large as storks.
The mosquitos will come in if you don't close the windows.
The moss is a delicate green fur on fallen logs and rocks, I say to myself.
The moss-covered stones were dangerously slippery.
The mossy ancient forests of the archipelago of Haida Gwaii look sacred.
The most "bloodthirsty predator" is thought to be the automobile, exceeding by the number of its human victims all tigers, sharks, and vipers taken together.
The most above average temperatures were recorded over parts of Siberia where they were up to 10 degrees Celsius above average.
The most absurd of all possible worlds.
The most absurd things happen in this country.
The most accurate reflection of my feelings is that of a love-hate relationship.
The most advanced voice recognition techniques are based on neural networks.
The most amazing thing happened this afternoon.
The most amazing thing happened yesterday.
The most amusing euphemism for male masturbation is "pumping the monkey."
The most anxiety-filled thing about life is that you never know when it will all end for you.
The most beautiful Christian celebration is Christmas.
The most beautiful books are the ones that have never been written.
The most beautiful days of the year have already passed.
The most beautiful flowers have the sharpest thorns.
The most beautiful girl in the entire region was chosen in Atyrau.
The most beautiful girls are from Lithuania.
The most beautiful heritage my ancestors had left me is an impeccable name, respected by all.
The most beautiful language is Polish.
The most beautiful people are not perfect, they are special.
The most beautiful sounds in nature are: a child's laughter, birdsong, and somebody else washing the dishes.
The most beautiful sounds of nature are: a child's laughter, birdsong, and someone else doing the dishes.
The most beautiful thing about life is its illusions.
The most beautiful thing in the sky are the stars, the most beautiful thing in life is kindness.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
The most beautiful things are the most useless ones, such as peacocks and lilies.
The most beautiful victory is to defeat one's heart.
The most beautiful words are those that speak of love.
The most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous.
The most careful man sometimes makes mistakes.
The most celebrated saint in Brazil is Saint Anthony.
The most civilized people is the one that uses the most soap.
The most comfortable time of every day is spent lying on the bed.
The most common activity is fishing.
The most common athletic games in the world are soccer, basketball, football, rugby, baseball, cricket, ice hockey, volleyball, beach volleyball, tennis, table tennis, golf, boxing, wrestling, badminton and bowling.
The most common bell peppers are green, red or yellow.
The most common first name in the world is Mohammed.
The most common forms of hearing loss associated with anemia in the study were sensorineural hearing loss, in which the nerve pathway to the brain is damaged, and conductive hearing loss. In that condition, there is a problem with external sounds being conducted to the middle ear and eardrum.
The most common germ spread from turtles is called Salmonella.
The most common laziness is that of the mind.
The most common letter in Esperanto is "a".
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The most common pest for English ivy is spider mites.
The most common shelled animal in the ancient seas was the brachiopod.
The most common side effect is pain on the injection site.
The most common symptom of miscarriage is vaginal bleeding, which may occur with or without pain.
The most commonly counterfeited medicines in poor countries are used to treat life-threatening conditions such as malaria, tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS.
The most commonly reported flu symptoms are fever, chills, sweating, asthenia, headache and nausea.
The most completely wasted of all days is that in which we have not laughed.
The most controversial accessory of this World Cup by far has been the vuvuzela, the monotonal plastic horn that in a full stadium sounds like a hive of angry bees.
The most corrupt government has the most laws.
The most credible hypothesis is the one that limits the number of elements in the domain T.
The most critical conversations and discussions in life involve numbers in context rather than raw numbers.
The most crowded city in Turkey is Istanbul.
The most dangerous beast is the beast within.
The most dangerous demon is money.
The most dangerous enemy is the enemy you do not see.
The most dangerous enemy is the kind that you don't know is an enemy.
The most dangerous headaches are caused by deficiently digested ideas.
The most dangerous inmate escaped.
The most dangerous prisoners escaped.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever tried to do was bungee jumping.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever wanted to try to do was to hold a poisonous snake.
The most dangerous untruths are truths moderately distorted.
The most decisive event of his life was going to happen there.
The most densely populated wilaya in Algeria is Algiers where the capital city is located.
The most desired woman is the one that can't be had.
The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion.
The most devastating GLOFs occur in the Himalayan regions of India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Nepal and the Tibetan Plateau.
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays the part.
The most difficult crime to track is the one which is purposeless.
The most difficult part is still to be done.
The most difficult thing I've ever done was to learn how to juggle.
The most difficult thing was losing her support system.
The most difficult words in a language are the most simple.
The most difficult work is feigning work.
The most effective and powerful scientific theory ever produced by mankind is a mystery.
The most effective athletic trainers are those who cause the most pain.
The most effective defence is indifference.
The most effective defense is offense.
The most effective means for the propagation of Esperanto is the fluent and elegant use of this language.
The most effective way to improve your game is to practice.
The most enlightened way of living is to despise social conventions while at the same time living your life in conformity to them.
The most essential for our people are unity, interethnic consent, and political stability.
The most essential life lesson to remember in life is that you can't please everyone you come across in your life and that's a perfectly understandable and healthy thing.
The most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself.
The most expensive meat is marbled beef.
The most expensive part of the printer isn't the machine, but the consumable elements like ink.
The most expensive spice in the world is saffron.
The most expensive sweater is red.
The most expensive thing is land.
The most experienced pilots have logged many thousands of hours in the cockpit.
The most famous gold rush was the California Gold Rush that began in 1848.
The most famous landmarks in my country are the pyramids.
The most famous painting in the exposition depicted a starry sky with bats flying over it. It was a little sinister.
The most famous picture of Nessie, known as the 1934 "surgeon's photo," shows a head with a long neck emerging from the water.
The most famous supermarket is also the most expensive.
The most frightening of our enemies are often the smallest ones.
The most frustrating part about life is that you can never know for sure when your time on Earth is finally up.
The most frustrating part of life is the fact that you can never know when death will strike.
The most frustrating thing that can happen to you, on Tatoeba, is to report a mistake to somebody, and that not only they don't correct it, but they create the variant with the correction that you suggested...without thanking you.
The most fundamental of all human rights is the right to live.
The most giant puzzle of the brain is that it is contained in the universe and contains it at the same time.
The most handsome guy Rima had ever seen came in.
The most horrible blood-curdling scream rang out from the forest.
The most horrible chills Ziri has ever had in his life crawled down his spine.
The most important Jewish holiday happens once a week.
The most important Shinto event takes place in the New Year, when millions of people visit shrines to pray for happiness and a healthy year.
The most important attractions of the Åland Islands are the friendly people and the beautiful scenery.
The most important book to learn a foreign language is, naturally, a dictionary.
The most important chess personality in the Spanish-speaking world, during the second half of the 20th century, has undoubtedly been Miguel Najdorf.
The most important discoveries are the ones that we cannot anticipate.
The most important feature of all games is that they are governed by rules.
The most important figure of mathematics of the nineteenth century is, undoubtedly, Gauss.
The most important information and telephone numbers can be found at www.ua.gov.pl.
The most important institution of society besides the family is the school.
The most important method of comparative linguistics is the comparative method.
The most important part of an open-door policy is that employees feel welcome to approach their boss with any issue that concerns them.
The most important part of having fun is having really good food.
The most important people in my life are my wife, my son, and my parents in that order.
The most important problem we face is money.
The most important question for all Buddhists is how to understand birth and death completely.
The most important sex organ is the brain.
The most important square in the Albanian capital Tirana, called the Skanderbeg square, was rebuilt in 1986.
The most important step in the Bangladesh Bank recruitment process is the written test.
The most important tags for corpus maintainers are those that request a particular operation.
The most important theorem in regard to differentiable functions is the “theorem of intermediate value.”
The most important thing a child can have is five fingers, five toes, and a pulse.
The most important thing a child can have is ten fingers, ten toes, and a pulse.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
The most important thing about relations with the opposite sex is not how good the other person is, but that they treat you well.
The most important thing for a person to know is his true self.
The most important thing for politicians in Brussels is LGBTQ+.
The most important thing for you to do now is to get some sleep.
The most important thing for you to do now is to talk to Tom.
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
The most important thing in art is the frame.
The most important thing in life is having a lot of money.
The most important thing in life is having enough money.
The most important thing in life is the people in your life.
The most important thing in life is to be yourself.
The most important thing in one's life is health.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part, just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle. The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
The most important thing in the Olympics is not to win but to participate.
The most important thing in the game of chess is knowing how to evaluate positions.
The most important thing is a pleasant living environment.
The most important thing is not to give him false expectations.
The most important thing is not to give up.
The most important thing is that the heart is good, only that matters.
The most important thing is that we're together.
The most important thing is that you like it.
The most important thing is that you understand me.
The most important thing is that you're well prepared.
The most important thing is the ability to think for yourself.
The most important thing is thinking for oneself.
The most important thing now is to launch direct dialogue, genuine, full-fledged dialogue between today's Kiev authorities and representatives of southeast Ukraine.
The most important thing to do now is for us to remain calm.
The most important thing to do when a typhoon occurs is to not go outside.
The most important thing to understand in life is that even fools are right sometimes.
The most important thing you can do now is to remain calm.
The most important things are often the ones that are hardest to talk about.
The most important things for our nation are unity, interethnic harmony and political stability.
The most important time to care for your plants is right after the flowers die.
The most important words are in bold.
The most impressive voice I heard in my life was that of the dramatic tenor Mario del Monaco.
The most improper job of any man, even saints (who at any rate were at least unwilling to take it on), is bossing other men. Not one in a million is fit for it, and least of all those who seek the opportunity.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
The most inconsequential differences in opinion can often lead to the fiercest arguments.
The most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen.
The most incredible thing that humans have created is language.
The most infamous expression for the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The most instinctive act of nearly every creature is to protect its young, and with humans, this response persists for a lifetime.
The most interesting information comes from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
The most interesting thing is ahead.
The most intriguing implication from the study is that it's not the environment that influences a person's characteristics, but vice versa.
The most laudable way of acquiring books is by writing them yourself.
The most likely path a protein will take after being created is as follows: after a protein is made in the RER, it is sent via a transition vesicle to the Golgi apparatus, where it is processed, and then sent to its final destination in a secretory vesicle.
The most likely sources of energy in hot and dry regions are the wind and the sun.
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.
The most logical place to keep your spare tire is in the trunk of your car.
The most logical place to keep your spare tyre is in the boot of your car.
The most lopsided Grand Slam final in tennis history was the 1988 French Open final, when Steffi Graf of FRG pummeled Natasha Zvereva of USSR 6-0, 6-0. The entire match lasted merely 34 minutes.
The most magnificent and most admirable is the simplest.
The most magnificent fairy tale is life itself.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.
The most obvious things are often the ones that are hardest to see.
The most of them are not mandatory.
The most painful longing is the longing for a loved one.
The most painful thing for a mother is having to bury her own child.
The most painful thing is to exist without living.
The most peaceable tribes of today were often ravagers of yesteryear and will probably again produce soldiers and murderers in the future.
The most perfect ape cannot draw an ape; only man can do that; but, likewise, only man regards the ability to do this as a sign of superiority.
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.
The most popular European destinations for the Chinese are Britain, Italy, France, Germany and Spain.
The most popular colors for lipstick are pink and red.
The most popular emoji is “the face with tears of joy.” The second most popular emoji, according to emojitracker, is the “grinning face with the smiling eyes.”
The most popular game in the world is made by Swedes.
The most popular lipstick colors are pink and red.
The most popular lipstick colours are pink and red.
The most popular religions in India are Hinduism, Islam, and Christianity.
The most popular sports in that country are soccer, speedway and ski jumping.
The most populated city of Europe is Istanbul.
The most precious element in life is wonder.
The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence.
The most precious good is freedom.
The most precious good is freedom; it must be defended with faith and courage.
The most precious good is liberty.
The most precious good is liberty; it must be defended with faith and courage.
The most precious possession you have in the world is your own people. And for this people, and for the sake of this people, we will struggle and fight, and never slacken, never tire, never lose courage, and never lose faith.
The most precious resource we have is time.
The most precious thing in life is moments.
The most profane word and the rudest letter are the best, they're more educated than silence.
The most profitable sectors in the United States and Europe are the military and pharmaceutical industries. Knowing this, there is no need to explain why there are always wars on Earth. Yes, it's a shame.
The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
The most real of all splendors are not in outward things, they are within us.
The most real things in the world are those that neither children nor men can see.
The most recent regular inhabitants of the treehouse were a group of neighborhood kids who spent as much time arguing in the treehouse as they did playing there.
The most recent report shows that we are lagging behind our competitors.
The most recent survey showed hopeful signs for the long-term survival of the dolphins. More baby dolphins, called calves, have been reported and deaths are down.
The most reliable test is the pool. If a woman is afraid of getting her hair wet and ruining her hairdo, run away. If she jumps into the water laughing, jump in after her.
The most satisfying thing about Tatoeba is that the sentences I've written have been translated into several languages and are indirectly useful to students of other languages.
The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others.
The most serious and universal problem is the growing chasm between the richest and poorest people on earth.
The most serious problem the world faces is not the strength of the wicked, but the powerlessness of the good.
The most serious threat to our institutions comes from those who refuse to face the need for change.
The most serious type of burn results in blisters.
The most severe problem at present is that of over-population.
The most significant achievement of the Hungarian Enlightenment was the language reform.
The most significant characteristic of modern civilization is the sacrifice of the future for the present, and all the power of science has been prostituted to this purpose.
The most solemn responsibility for any President is keeping the American people safe.
The most solid stone in the structure is the lowest one in the foundation.
The most striking feature in the small animal’s appearance are its two large round eyes, which provides it with incredible ocular sensibilities.
The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic.
The most successful scientists are those who ask the right questions.
The most successful scientists are those who pose the right questions.
The most successful singles of the band were presented in a non-chronological order.
The most surprising symptom of long COVID is a change in politics.
The most taboo topics of discussion are: money, politics, religion, and sex.
The most terrible enemy is a former friend.
The most terrible virus is capitalism.
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.
The most unpardonable sin in society is independence of thought.
The most urgent problem we face is money.
The most used means of transportation in Brazil is the bus.
The most valuable lesson I’ve learned as a journalist is that everybody is interesting if you ask the right questions. If someone is dull or uninteresting, it’s on you.
The most valuable minerals have been leached from the soil.
The most valuable quality she possesses is the ability to arouse enthusiasm in people.
The most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself.
The most valuable thing to humankind is communication.
The most visible forms of aggression are often seen between prey and predator.
The most vulnerable are feeling the effects first.
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
The most widespread conspiracy theory in the world is that everything will turn out just fine.
The most widespread native language in the European Union is German.
The most wonderful thing about baseball is teamwork.
The most wonderful thing about summer is that you can walk barefoot in the grass.
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.
The motel was terrible.
The motel's fire alarm altered the fire department.
The motel's fire alarm went off.
The mother and daughter represented two generations.
The mother and son traveled.
The mother beat her daughter, because she was drunk.
The mother becomes irritated and frankly, but gently, tells Beth to leave the room.
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones.
The mother breastfed her child on the bus.
The mother called her daughter.
The mother called her son.
The mother called the children one after another by their name but none of them answered.
The mother can hear her baby cry.
The mother caressed her baby with much affection.
The mother cat protected her kittens.
The mother cat went out hunting birds.
The mother clasped her baby to her breast.
The mother could see that her daughter was feeling a little tired.
The mother cuts the bread with the knife.
The mother didn't know what to do with her son.
The mother didn’t know what to do with her son.
The mother divided the money among her children.
The mother divided the pie into eight pieces.
The mother doesn't love any one of her children more than any of the others.
The mother doesn't see your ugly nose.
The mother duck and her chicks stopped traffic when they crossed the street.
The mother elephant bathes her baby in the river.
The mother extended her hand to her baby, smiling brightly.
The mother fed the newborn colt.
The mother fell into deep thought.
The mother finished writing her letter.
The mother folded her baby in her arms.
The mother found it difficult to talk about her son.
The mother fox was worried while she was eagerly waiting for the boy fox's return. When the boy returned she pulled him to her warm chest and was so happy she wanted to cry.
The mother gave birth to twins.
The mother gave the girl a ring.
The mother giraffe has to watch her surroundings all the time while raising its calf.
The mother gives an apple to her sons.
The mother gives her son an apple.
The mother greatly missed her daughter, who was away at college.
The mother has generated a new existence, making the world more and more alive.
The mother hugged the child to her bosom.
The mother in her was aroused.
The mother insisted on her children not playing in the park after dark.
The mother insisted on her.
The mother is always certain.
The mother is angry because the child was very rude.
The mother is carrying a child in her arms.
The mother is certain, the father is not.
The mother is correct, the father isn't.
The mother is dancing her baby on her knee.
The mother is dressing the child.
The mother is leading her child by the hand.
The mother is looking for a babysitter.
The mother is still mourning the death of her boy.
The mother is still mourning the death of her child.
The mother is trying to reason with her son.
The mother is very anxious about her children future.
The mother is very anxious about her children's future.
The mother is waking up her daughter.
The mother just held tightly onto her daughter, saying nothing else.
The mother kissed her baby on the lips.
The mother kissed her baby.
The mother kissed the child.
The mother laid her baby on the bed softly.
The mother laid her baby on the bed.
The mother laughed and cried at the same time.
The mother lay beside her baby on the bed.
The mother lost heart when she saw that the child didn’t return to town.
The mother loves her children.
The mother loves the child a lot.
The mother may well be proud of her bright son.
The mother may well be proud of her wise son.
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.
The mother of a friend of mine is able to frequently go to the lake.
The mother of a parent is a grandmother.
The mother of that child is an announcer.
The mother of the poet was a washwoman, his father a clerk.
The mother poured the steaming soup onto the plate.
The mother pulled her son to his feet.
The mother put Ali into a child feeding chair and fed him.
The mother put the children to bed.
The mother puts her child to sleep.
The mother puts the sugar bowl on the table.
The mother rubbed the sick child's back.
The mother rubbed the sick child’s back.
The mother said almost nothing to her daughters.
The mother said little to the daughters.
The mother said little to the sons.
The mother seemed busy cooking.
The mother separated the fighting children.
The mother sews.
The mother ship was destroyed in mid-air.
The mother should not go unmentioned when we talk about the successes of the daughters.
The mother signed to Alice to follow her.
The mother sorrowfully buried her son.
The mother sponged her sick child's face.
The mother sponged her sick child’s face.
The mother started to undress the baby.
The mother takes pride in her daughter's typing skill.
The mother takes pride in her daughter’s typing skill.
The mother tells her children, that she adores both of them.
The mother tickled her child with a feather.
The mother tied a ribbon in her daughter's hair.
The mother tied a ribbon in her daughter’s hair.
The mother told her daughter to do it herself.
The mother told her daughter to put those toys away.
The mother told the children to be quiet.
The mother told the girl that she shouldn't fall by the wayside.
The mother tongue is an irreplaceable treasure.
The mother took her child in her arms.
The mother took three kids on the bike.
The mother tried to reason with her son.
The mother used her own milk to nourish the baby.
The mother used reverse psychology on the obstinate kid by pretending she wanted him to leave his shoe right in the middle of the floor, so of course he put it away.
The mother wakes up her daughter.
The mother wanted to name her twins Benson and Hedges.
The mother was braiding a girl's hair.
The mother was braiding the hair of one of her daughters.
The mother was cruel to her adopted son.
The mother was disappointed in her son when she found out the atrocities he had committed.
The mother was embarrassed at her son's bad manners.
The mother was embarrassed at her son’s bad manners.
The mother was exhausted.
The mother was practically worn out.
The mother was quieting her crying baby.
The mother was reluctant to leave her children alone.
The mother was shocked and was at once all sympathy.
The mother was still grieving over her child's death.
The mother was still grieving over her child’s death.
The mother was very scared because of the baby's cold.
The mother was very scared because of the baby’s cold.
The mother watches her children.
The mother whipped sense into her boy.
The mother will not be at ease until she hears of her son's safe arrival.
The mother will not be at ease until she hears of her son’s safe arrival.
The mother worried about her children.
The mother's mother is a nurse.
The mother's voice fetched her child.
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
The motherboard's stopped working.
The motherland is worth more than the Kingdom of Heaven.
The motherland should be loved by all.
The mothers sew.
The mother’s mother is a nurse.
The mother’s voice fetched her child.
The moths were mating.
The motion detectors in the backyard went off.
The motion didn't receive a second.
The motion is proposed and seconded.
The motion needs a 2/3 majority to carry.
The motion passed without opposition.
The motion was approved unanimously.
The motion was carried by a show of hands.
The motion was carried by acclamation.
The motion was carried unanimously.
The motion was denied, and the court ruled a full trial was needed.
The motion was unanimously adopted.
The motion-sensor lights turned on.
The motive for the attack is still not clear.
The motive for the attack is still unclear.
The motive for the attack is unknown.
The motive for the attack remains unclear.
The motive for the murder is not yet known.
The motive for the murder isn't yet known.
The motive for this was pure animus.
The motive is unknown.
The motor died before we got to the top of the hill.
The motor does not function properly.
The motor is irreplaceable.
The motor is making a strange noise.
The motor is making a strange sound.
The motor is not running well.
The motor is running.
The motor overheated and is now emitting smoke.
The motor overheats.
The motor started to run.
The motor stopped.
The motor turns at eight hundred revolutions per minute.
The motor was still running.
The motorbike has broken down.
The motorbike must be washed with water jets.
The motorbike stopped a few steps away from him.
The motorbike struck the telephone pole.
The motorbike won't start.
The motorboat sank.
The motorcade made its way down Park Street.
The motorcade stopped and the politician started shooting at the cheering crowd.
The motorcycle I borrowed from him broke down.
The motorcycle accident caused him many injuries.
The motorcycle crashed into a car.
The motorcycle drove into the telephone pole.
The motorcycle hit the telegraph pole.
The motorcycle ran out of gas.
The motorcycle roared to life in the garage.
The motorcycle started in pursuit at breakneck speed.
The motorcycle which I borrowed from him broke down.
The motorcycles are very cheap.
The motorcyclist exceeded the speed limit.
The motorcyclist went over the speed limit.
The motorist drove across the country to Washington state.
The motorized right arm, with its five-fingered and fully-jointed hand, allows the woman to pick up and hold objects, and to feed herself.
The motorman slowed down the train.
The motors worked.
The motorway bridge needs to be demolished.
The motorway here is always a solid line of cars at this time of day.
The motorway here is always bumper-to-bumper at this time of day.
The motorway is closed southbound because of a fallen tree.
The motorway is snarled up.
The motorway is temporarily blocked because of recovery work.
The motorway was closed because of a major accident.
The motorway was closed due to a major accident.
The motto of Twitter is "The best way to discover what's new in your world".
The motto of Twitter is "The best way to discover what’s new in your world".
The motto of Yemen's Houthi movement, which recently carried out the total ethnic cleansing of the country's Jewish community, includes the words "Curse on the Jews!"
The motto of the International Olympic Committee is "Faster, Higher, Stronger".
The motto of the national parks is, "Let nature be nature."
The mouflon grazed in the mountainous terrain.
The mounds built by native people 1400–800 years ago were used for ceremonial purposes that remain a mystery.
The mountain air was fresh and invigorating.
The mountain air was pure.
The mountain ash is blooming. It's time to sow flax.
The mountain attracts many climbers.
The mountain cabin had a stunning view of the valley below.
The mountain climbers reached the summit before dark.
The mountain climbers reached the summit.
The mountain doesn't like to be disturbed.
The mountain ecosystem is characterized by high altitudes and extreme weather conditions.
The mountain extends from one continent to another.
The mountain fairy is a beautiful creature.
The mountain gave birth to a mouse.
The mountain glowed with the sunset tints.
The mountain had a quite sizeable rain shadow.
The mountain has a beautiful shape.
The mountain is 2000 meters above sea level.
The mountain is 5,000 meters above sea level.
The mountain is about 3000 meters above sea level.
The mountain is beautiful in winter.
The mountain is covered in snow.
The mountain is covered with snow all the year round.
The mountain is covered with snow.
The mountain is easy of access.
The mountain is famous in myth and legend.
The mountain is green.
The mountain is high and it's scary to look down.
The mountain is more than 3,000 meters above sea level.
The mountain is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
The mountain is not valuable because it is high.
The mountain is popular with hikers, mountain bike riders and snow sports enthusiasts.
The mountain is standing out in sharp relief against the blue sky.
The mountain is that way.
The mountain is treacherous if you don't know it like the back of your hand.
The mountain is two thousand metres above sea level.
The mountain lion must have been attracted by the call Ziri used for deer.
The mountain offered a breathtaking view.
The mountain overshadows a little town below.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
The mountain peak is covered with snow.
The mountain peak was covered with snow.
The mountain rescue service has been deployed.
The mountain rescue service is always on alert.
The mountain rescue team is on call 24 hours a day.
The mountain rises above the plain.
The mountain seemed unassailable.
The mountain shines during winter.
The mountain slopes are planted with grapevines.
The mountain top is covered with snow almost all year.
The mountain top is covered with snow.
The mountain top is the eagle's dwelling.
The mountain tops are covered with snow.
The mountain trails were challenging but rewarding.
The mountain used to send out clouds of smoke.
The mountain view was like something out of a postcard.
The mountain view was unforgettable.
The mountain was blurred by fog.
The mountain was challenging, but the view made it worth it.
The mountain was completely covered in snow.
The mountain was composed of solid granite.
The mountain was covered in snow.
The mountain was covered with snow.
The mountain was rumbling.
The mountain was shrouded in fog.
The mountain whose top is covered with snow is Mt. Fuji.
The mountain whose top you can see over there is Mt. Fuji.
The mountain's peak is covered in snow.
The mountaineer craved fresh water.
The mountaineer set out for the summit.
The mountaineer was as hungry as a wolf.
The mountaineer was hungry as a wolf.
The mountaineers set off, paying no heed to the severe blizzard.
The mountainous landscape is beautiful, like a painting.
The mountains ahead are craggy and almost impassable.
The mountains are a lush green in summer.
The mountains are all white.
The mountains are beautiful.
The mountains are covered with snow.
The mountains are eternal witnesses.
The mountains are now covered in mist.
The mountains are red against the blue sky.
The mountains are reflected in the lake.
The mountains are tall.
The mountains are timeless.
The mountains around here aren't very high.
The mountains could be seen from afar, and it was a breathtaking sight.
The mountains echo wisdom.
The mountains echo with ancient knowledge.
The mountains endure, as we must.
The mountains guard the sky.
The mountains have brought forth a mouse.
The mountains hold the stories of old.
The mountains in the Himalayas are higher than those in the Andes.
The mountains in this part of the country are full of variety.
The mountains lay covered with deep snow.
The mountains look nicer from a distance.
The mountains on some of the islands are very high.
The mountains rise with purpose.
The mountains rise, indifferent to the passage of time.
The mountains stand as eternal guardians.
The mountains stand as sentinels.
The mountains stand eternal.
The mountains stand tall, bearing witness to time.
The mountains watch in silence.
The mountains watch over us.
The mountains were all around the city.
The mountains were covered in snow during winter.
The mountains were covered in snow, perfect for skiing.
The mountains were covered with snow.
The mountains were lost in the haze.
The mountains were rough.
The mountains were treacherous and steep.
The mountains will labor, and a ridiculous mouse will be born.
The mountains, like giants sleeping under blankets of rock, rested on the hazy horizon.
The mountains, too, at a distance appear airy masses and smooth, but seen near at hand, they are rough.
The mountainside was ablaze with the autumn colors of the trees.
The mountaintops are hidden by clouds.
The mouse ate my cheese.
The mouse ate some cardboard.
The mouse ate the cheese.
The mouse ate the grasshopper.
The mouse came out from under the couch and ran under the table.
The mouse came out from under the sofa and ran under the table.
The mouse cooks fish.
The mouse did not hide.
The mouse dreams of catching the cat.
The mouse got caught in a mousetrap.
The mouse has chewed the cloth of roma's king
The mouse has eaten some cardboard.
The mouse hid from the cat.
The mouse is a tiny mammal, but a snack for the cat, too.
The mouse is afraid of the cat, the cat is afraid of the dog, the dog is afraid of my brother, my brother is afraid of my aunt, and my aunt is afraid of the mouse.
The mouse is big.
The mouse is cute.
The mouse is eating the cat.
The mouse is grey.
The mouse is little.
The mouse is on the elephant.
The mouse is small and all alone.
The mouse is small.
The mouse is under the bed.
The mouse is under the floor.
The mouse is underneath the floor.
The mouse moved.
The mouse peeked out of the hole.
The mouse ran and the cat ran after him.
The mouse ran away from the cat.
The mouse ran into the hole.
The mouse ran under the bed.
The mouse ran underneath the bed.
The mouse runs from the hungry cat.
The mouse squeaked.
The mouse squeaks 'ee ee ee'.
The mouse squeaks.
The mouse squealed.
The mouse sure knows where the cheese is located.
The mouse survived the cat's attack.
The mouse tried to get away from the cat.
The mouse wants to catch the cat.
The mouse was eaten by the cat.
The mouse was killed by the cat.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
The mouse was running around under the bed.
The mouse's shadow at dusk is longer than the cat's shadow at noon.
The mouse's tail is long.
The mouse’s shadow at dusk is longer than the cat’s shadow at noon.
The mousie was eaten by a cat.
The mouth breathes 'ha-h ha-h'.
The mouth is part of an animal's digestive tract.
The mouth is the executioner and the doctor of the body.
The mouth of a child always speaks the truth.
The mouth of the Hudson River is in New York.
The mouth of the child is red.
The mouth of the river is about five kilometres north.
The mouth of the river is about five kilometres to the north.
The mouths of this river lie further north.
The move comes 10 days after state regulator Pakistan Telecom Authority (PTA) temporarily blocked access to the popular platform on the grounds of “indecent/immoral content” and its “negative effects on society.”
The move comes after the U.S.-based Museum of the Bible, which holds some of the world’s most revered collections of religious manuscripts, agreed last week to return a rare 10th century gospel book to the Monastery of Theotokos Eikosiphinisa in northern Greece.
The move comes as social media companies face increasing pressure from those who say their platforms spread misinformation, and those who say they are too censorious.
The move didn't take us very long because Avelina doesn't have many things yet.
The move follows the recent arrest of two young women in connection with what many call an innocuous Facebook post.
The move from the structuralist account in which capital is understood to structure social relations in relatively homologous ways to a view of hegemony in which power relations are subject to repetition, convergence, and rearticulation brought the question of temporality into the thinking of structure, and marked a shift from a form of Althusserian theory that takes structural totalities as theoretical objects to one in which the insights into the contingent possibility of structure inaugurate a renewed conception of hegemony as bound up with the contingent sites and strategies of the rearticulation of power.
The move gives authorities greater latitude to forcibly restrict public gatherings and enforce quarantines on those with the virus.
The move has sparked alarm and is intensifying efforts to slash energy consumption and find alternatives.
The move prompted the United States and its allies to come up with a bold plan to supply more than 2 million tons of goods by air to the divided city.
The move sent panic through financial markets.
The move will take place on the weekend.
The movement added a new page to the history of Japan.
The movement is rapidly gaining ground.
The movement of South Africa can no longer suppress the movement for equality.
The movement of liquid iron and nickel deep inside the Earth, still flowing because of the heat left over from Earth’s formation, generates the magnetic fields that make up a protective bubble surrounding Earth.
The movement of the inhabitants drove the band of thugs out of the town.
The movement of the ship made her nauseous.
The movement of the sun around the earth is an illusion.
The movement quickly disintegrated as a result of infighting.
The movement spread from spot to spot, involving every town on the surface of Europe, and in less than a hundred years free cities had been called into existence on the coasts of the Mediterranean, the North Sea, the Baltic, the Atlantic Ocean, down to the fjords of Scandinavia; at the feet of the Apennines, the Alps, the Black Forest, the Grampians, and the Carpathians; in the plains of Russia, Hungary, France and Spain.
The movement was spurred by a ragbag of false ideas.
The movements of this robot are awkward.
The movers didn't break anything.
The movers dragged a heavy closet into the pickup truck.
The movers spent the better part of an afternoon trying to get the Frankls' sectional down the stairs.
The movers were hard at work.
The moves by the internet giants signal a new willingness to moderate their sites and step into the maelstrom of facts and theories, even when prominent people are speaking.
The movie "Fight Club" has a surprise ending.
The movie "Pretty Woman" is one of the all-time classics.
The movie "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame" has been renamed and is now called "The Bell of Notre-Dame".
The movie Claudio was watching was almost over.
The movie I saw on TV last night was interesting.
The movie I saw yesterday afternoon was quite good.
The movie I watched last night was really scary.
The movie I watched on the television, reminds me my childhood.
The movie I'm going to watch today scares me, so I left the bathroom light on.
The movie Interstellar explores the possibility of transdimensional beings that are highly advanced.
The movie K-9 is showing.
The movie Titanic moved audiences around the world.
The movie Tom and I saw yesterday was interesting.
The movie Tom and I saw yesterday wasn't very interesting.
The movie Tom and Mary were watching wasn't in French.
The movie Tom was watching wasn't in French.
The movie Ziri was watching ended forty minutes ago.
The movie begins by introducing us to the main characters.
The movie begins with Robert, a homicide detective.
The movie bombed a bunch at the box office.
The movie bombed pretty hard.
The movie called "Paranormal Activity" was not that much good.
The movie contains full-frontal nudity.
The movie contains partial nudity.
The movie continued to play.
The movie costarred two great actresses.
The movie created a great sensation.
The movie director was enchanted by Kate at first sight.
The movie doesn't have to be exactly the same as the book.
The movie ended as Ziri and Rima ran to each other and hugged.
The movie ended at four o'clock.
The movie ended at four.
The movie ended.
The movie ends here. Thanks for watching.
The movie finally ended.
The movie first reached movie screens in 1999.
The movie gained her great popularity.
The movie got more and more exciting, until at length, people were sitting on the edge of their chairs.
The movie had a happy ending.
The movie had already started.
The movie had lots of flashbacks in it and it was a bit hard to follow.
The movie had to be cut in several places.
The movie has a happy ending.
The movie has already begun.
The movie has already started.
The movie has so many distracting elements that it cannot be watched.
The movie has such a stupid ending.
The movie hasn't started yet.
The movie industry became a big business.
The movie is X-rated.
The movie is a failure.
The movie is a flop.
The movie is a harrowing depiction of life in an urban slum.
The movie is a lighthearted yet devastatingly accurate and witty social satire.
The movie is a stereotyped sob story.
The movie is a true story.
The movie is about a boy named Tom.
The movie is about to begin.
The movie is about to start.
The movie is better than the book.
The movie is better.
The movie is boring.
The movie is drawing pretty well.
The movie is far worse than the book.
The movie is going to start before Ziri finishes dinner.
The movie is great.
The movie is interesting.
The movie is just about to start.
The movie is just beginning.
The movie is not so interesting as the original.
The movie is now showing at a theater near you.
The movie is out now on 4K Ultra.
The movie is popular among the youngsters.
The movie is popular with young people.
The movie is really stupid. It cannot be watched.
The movie is showing in movie theaters next month.
The movie is showing today at 7:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m.
The movie is two and a half hours long.
The movie is way better than the book.
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.
The movie isn't as good as the book.
The movie isn't as interesting as the original.
The movie just started.
The movie leaked.
The movie made me cry.
The movie made me feel all warm inside.
The movie mesmerized me with stunning visuals and effects.
The movie moved her to tears.
The movie needs to be seen with subtitles.
The movie provides an experience similar to a forty-minute visit to the interesting and unusual Galapagos Islands.
The movie raises deep philosophical questions about the nature of reality.
The movie ran 85 minutes.
The movie ran for two hours.
The movie received mixed reviews.
The movie rights to a successful novel is easy money for the writer of the novel.
The movie skips the whole story of the dead boy.
The movie star ate crow many times because of all the thoughtless things she said.
The movie starred Yanni.
The movie started at exactly nine o'clock.
The movie started at five o'clock.
The movie started five minutes ago.
The movie started to get interesting.
The movie starts at 10 o'clock.
The movie starts at a later time tonight. So we don't have to leave so early.
The movie starts at eight.
The movie starts at ten o'clock.
The movie starts at ten o’clock.
The movie starts in five minutes.
The movie starts in thirty minutes.
The movie starts.
The movie takes a stab at the bourgeoisie.
The movie tells the coming-of-age story of a group of high school students.
The movie tells the story of a cow who fell from heaven.
The movie tells the story of a cow who fell out of the sky.
The movie tells the story of the Arctic's endangered ecosystem — through a polar bear mother and her twin calves.
The movie tells the story of the early years of Star Wars hero Han Solo and his hairy co-pilot Chewbacca.
The movie that I watched last night was really scary.
The movie that Tom and I are planning to watch tonight is supposed to be really scary.
The movie that Tom and I saw yesterday wasn't very interesting.
The movie that Tom and Mary watched together had a happy ending.
The movie that we saw last night had a happy ending.
The movie that we saw was in French.
The movie that we watched last night was really scary.
The movie that we watched today was very cheesy.
The movie theater has discounts every Monday and Wednesday.
The movie theater is closed.
The movie theater is very far from my house but the police station is close.
The movie theater remained open until two in the morning.
The movie theater was basically dead that night.
The movie theater was completely dead.
The movie theater was completely full.
The movie theater was empty.
The movie theater was filled with people.
The movie theater was jam-packed.
The movie theater was packed.
The movie theater wasn't open yet.
The movie thrilled the entire audience.
The movie turned out to be very funny.
The movie was a big draw at the box office.
The movie was a bit disappointing.
The movie was a box-office flop.
The movie was a flop.
The movie was a little disappointing.
The movie was a lot better than I expected it to be.
The movie was a real disappointment.
The movie was a real tear-jerker.
The movie was a whopping success.
The movie was absolutely amazing.
The movie was actually much better than I expected.
The movie was almost three hours long.
The movie was alright, but I didn't really see what the fuss was about.
The movie was awful.
The movie was better than I expected.
The movie was better than I thought it was going to be.
The movie was better than I thought it would be.
The movie was boring so I slept.
The movie was boring, so I was bored.
The movie was boring. The best moment was the end.
The movie was cast mostly with Americans.
The movie was disappointing after reading the book.
The movie was disappointing.
The movie was even better than I thought it was going to be.
The movie was exciting.
The movie was finally over.
The movie was full of realistic special effects.
The movie was funny.
The movie was good.
The movie was great.
The movie was horrible.
The movie was interesting to all of us.
The movie was interesting, as I had expected.
The movie was interesting.
The movie was interrupted by a station break.
The movie was just middling, not great or terrible.
The movie was less funny than the book.
The movie was like a bad but good science-fiction short story.
The movie was long and boring.
The movie was longer than I expected it to be.
The movie was made in Yugoslavia.
The movie was more interesting than I expected it to be.
The movie was more interesting than I expected.
The movie was more popular than expected, and there was even talk of a sequel.
The movie was much better than I expected.
The movie was much better than I thought it was going to be.
The movie was much better than I thought it would be.
The movie was much more enjoyable than Hemingway is.
The movie was nearing its end.
The movie was nowhere near as bad as Mary said it was.
The movie was over at 4:00 pm.
The movie was panned by critics.
The movie was quite good.
The movie was rather boring.
The movie was really good.
The movie was really scary.
The movie was romantic.
The movie was shot in Algeria.
The movie was shot in Greece.
The movie was so boring I fell asleep.
The movie was so boring that I didn't finish it.
The movie was so boring that I fell asleep.
The movie was so dull that the audience left one by one.
The movie was so funny that finally even Susan burst out laughing.
The movie was so good I'd like to see it again.
The movie was so sad that everybody cried.
The movie was so stupid that I couldn't finish it.
The movie was too long.
The movie was too scary for her to watch alone.
The movie was uninspired.
The movie was very good.
The movie was very interesting and kept me hooked till the end.
The movie wasn't all that good.
The movie wasn't all that great.
The movie wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
The movie wasn't as funny as the book.
The movie wasn't as good as I expected it to be.
The movie wasn't as good as I expected.
The movie wasn't as good as the book.
The movie wasn't as interesting as I expected it to be.
The movie wasn't as interesting as the book.
The movie wasn't half bad.
The movie wasn't incredible or anything, but it was entertaining.
The movie wasn't that great.
The movie wasn't too bad.
The movie we saw last night had a happy ending.
The movie we saw last night was filmed in Australia.
The movie we saw last night was in French with English subtitles.
The movie we saw was in French.
The movie we watched last night was in black and white.
The movie we watched last night was really scary.
The movie we watched was in French with English subtitles.
The movie website announced a 20% discount on all downloads.
The movie will be showing in this movie theater.
The movie will be showing on TV when I get old.
The movie will have started before we get there.
The movie's about to end.
The movie's about to start.
The movie's dubbing was really bad.
The movie's ending was quite the scene!
The movie's ending was too banal.
The movie's star was Adriano's favorite actor.
The movie's starting.
The moviegoers started leaving.
The movie’s about to start.
The moving company will take care of transporting the furniture.
The moving company will transport the furniture.
The mower is in the garage.
The mowing and harvesting are finished.
The much anticipated new theatre production was unfortunately a bit of a damp squib in the end.
The mucous membrane is very sensitive.
The mucus comes from my nose.
The mucus is greenish yellow.
The mucus is thick.
The mud bogged down the truck.
The mud clung to his shoes.
The mud lay thick upon the stones, and a black mist hung over the streets; the rain fell sluggishly down, and everything felt cold and clammy to the touch.
The mud was over my boots.
The mud was this deep.
The muddy footprints were gone from the dock.
The muddy road has ruined my new shoes.
The muddy road ruined my new shoes.
The muddy shoe print on the seat of John's trousers bore witness to the hefty kick Tom had given him.
The muddy track descends to a valley.
The muddy water looked like chocolate milk.
The muezzin has given the call to prayer. Get up and pray.
The muezzin is making the call to prayer.
The muffins are free.
The mug is chipped.
The mug shattered into a thousand pieces.
The mug's handle snapped right off.
The mugger demanded Sami's cellphone and his car keys.
The mugger lunged at me and stole my purse.
The muggers pressed in closer.
The muggers took Sami's pants off.
The mugs were on the table.
The mulatto American sci-fi writer Samuel R. Delany does not envision world war in his books, but he does mention war in outer space, when humankind would have already colonized the Solar System.
The mulled wine is very good.
The mullets are cooked to order and not frozen.
The multi-center trial recruited nearly 250 healthy, previously sedentary women to see whether yoga and other natural approaches would help ease their menopause complaints. In addition to yoga, investigators compared moderate aerobic exercise and the potential benefits of taking fish oil supplements.
The multi-talented kid speaks 5 languages and plays 6 musical instruments.
The multinational corporation has forecast the implementation of economies of scale.
The multinational corporation lowered the price of several products.
The multiverse—also called the meta-universe or metaverse—is a theory that suggests the universe is actually a series of multiple or alternative universes, with our own universe being just one of many.
The mummies were transferred in high-tech vehicles fitted with shock-absorbers and nitrogen pods to protect them.
The mummies were wrapped in linen.
The mummy is walking.
The municipal council all but ignored the gravity of the pollution.
The municipal council should concentrate more on specific issues.
The municipal elections will not be canceled.
The municipal government is at their wits' end concerning the garbage problem.
The municipal rubbish dump is full of rats.
The municipality has recently imposed an overtaking ban for this road.
The murder case may bear a relation on his sudden death.
The murder case may bear a relation to his sudden death.
The murder case was reopened.
The murder case was swept under the rug.
The murder charge was reduced to manslaughter.
The murder happened between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
The murder happened yesterday.
The murder has been described as tragic and horrific.
The murder looked like a burglary gone wrong.
The murder made headlines in the town.
The murder of Fadil Sadiq puzzled the investigators.
The murder of crows outside were making a huge racket.
The murder remained a mystery for 24 years.
The murder remains a mystery.
The murder scene was a bloody mess.
The murder scene was a grisly sight.
The murder scene was still a hive of police activity several days after the man's body had been discovered.
The murder scene was undisturbed.
The murder suspect's version of events did not ring true to investigating officers.
The murder was motivated by revenge.
The murder was premeditated.
The murder weapon hasn't been found.
The murder weapon still hasn't been found.
The murder weapon was found during a search of the suspect's home.
The murder weapon was never found.
The murder weapon was wiped clean.
The murder weapon wasn't found.
The murdered man lay on the ground, with a sheet over him.
The murderer and the victim didn't know each other.
The murderer confessed his crime.
The murderer didn't leave a lot of evidence.
The murderer dumped the body in the lake.
The murderer got away with his crime.
The murderer grabbed the victim by the neck and strangled them.
The murderer hasn't been arrested yet.
The murderer hasn’t been arrested yet.
The murderer hid in the mountains.
The murderer is always the gardener.
The murderer is now on trial.
The murderer is one of the regulars at the bar.
The murderer is still among us.
The murderer is still at large.
The murderer is still here with us.
The murderer left his fingerprints on the murder weapon.
The murderer rushed across the garden and over the hedge.
The murderer took the weapon with him.
The murderer turned out to be Rodrigo.
The murderer was arrested on the spot.
The murderer was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
The murderer was executed this morning.
The murderer was executed.
The murderer was finally caught last night.
The murderer was never caught.
The murderer was never found.
The murderer was sentenced to life in prison.
The murderer was the gardener.
The murderer will soon confess his crime.
The murderers were to be hanged, and most of them were.
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.
The murmur rose to a roar.
The muscles in his legs had atrophied during the seven months he was bedridden.
The muscular bodybuilder commented: "All I can say is that I tip my hat."
The museologist found an ancient map in the museum archives.
The muses are the friends of the poets.
The museum also announced Wednesday that it is establishing a new research center for modern art supported by a $22 million endowment funded by grants from trustees and supporters, including Lauder.
The museum also contains oddities.
The museum also offers ongoing professional training workshops for teachers.
The museum closes at 5 PM.
The museum curator wanted the Egyptian painting to be sandwiched between two pieces of thick acrylic glass.
The museum exhibits sculptures from antiquity.
The museum foundation was financed by a generous donation from the community.
The museum guard told us not to touch anything.
The museum had to close because of lack of money.
The museum had to close due to lack of finances.
The museum has a fascinating collection of Celtic artifacts.
The museum has a large collection of archaeological finds.
The museum has an exhibit of ancient weapons.
The museum has begun a new collection with items associated with the coronavirus pandemic.
The museum has other musical artifacts going back to the beginning of sound recording. These include wax cylinders, created by Thomas Edison in 1877.
The museum has two wings.
The museum has two wings; some claim to have seen it flying through the night sky.
The museum is around the corner.
The museum is closed Sundays.
The museum is closed for renovations until 2020.
The museum is closed for renovations.
The museum is closed for restoration.
The museum is closed now.
The museum is closed on Mondays.
The museum is closed on Sundays.
The museum is closing for restorations.
The museum is far away, it will be necessary to take a bus.
The museum is interesting.
The museum is known to curate eccentric pieces.
The museum is not open on Monday.
The museum is now set to reopen sometime in October.
The museum is on the corner.
The museum is on the other side of the road.
The museum is open daily apart from Mondays.
The museum is open daily except for Mondays.
The museum is open every day except Mondays.
The museum is open from 9 a.m.
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
The museum is open from Mondays to Fridays.
The museum is open from nine o'clock in the morning.
The museum is open on Mondays.
The museum is open to the public.
The museum is open year-round.
The museum is shut on Sundays.
The museum is situated on an island in one of the city's canals.
The museum is worth a visit.
The museum is worth visiting.
The museum isn't open on Monday.
The museum isn't open on Sundays.
The museum needs a new guide.
The museum opens at nine in the morning.
The museum opens at nine o'clock.
The museum plans to launch more digital storytime sessions, art-making workshops, and more, in the coming weeks.
The museum that we're planning to go to isn't far from here.
The museum took down the picture of the royal family.
The museum traces the history of the country’s oldest military service, which began 245 years ago in 1775.
The museum was very far from the school.
The museum we went to yesterday was very interesting.
The museum we're planning to go to isn't far from here.
The museum's admission fee is reduced on Sundays.
The museum's big draws include priceless masterpieces by French impressionists, such as Pierre-Auguste Renoir's "Luncheon of the Boating Party," which Kosinski believes is one of the most beloved works of art in the collection.
The museum's closed on Mondays.
The museum's eastern gallery was closed for cleaning.
The museum's entrance fee is reduced on Sundays.
The museum's interesting.
The museums are all part of the Museum Island complex, a UNESCO world heritage site in the heart of Germany’s capital that is one of the city’s main tourist attractions.
The museums are full of objects which the most cultivated taste of a period considered beautiful, but which seem to us now worthless.
The museum’s eastern gallery was closed for cleaning.
The mushroom people told me.
The mushrooms look good for roasting.
The music Tom and Mary write is pretty good.
The music Tom writes is pretty good.
The music added to our enjoyment.
The music alone wasn't enough to give voice to his feelings. A mighty choir was required!
The music at Benedito's restaurant is pleasant.
The music began again.
The music began to get worse.
The music business came close to collapsing.
The music calmed Tom down.
The music carried me back to my childhood.
The music ceased.
The music coming from next door was loud and annoying.
The music couldn't be heard here because it was so far away.
The music doesn't appeal to us any longer.
The music doesn’t appeal to us any longer.
The music echoed through the empty hall.
The music echoed through the hall.
The music ended, and they are still dancing.
The music ended.
The music evokes memories of an earlier time.
The music faded away.
The music got my imagination working.
The music gradually died away.
The music gradually faded away.
The music had a pulsating rhythm.
The music has been mastered so loud for that album that even non-audiophiles have complained about it.
The music has been mastered so loud for that album, that even non-audiophiles have complained about it.
The music has stopped.
The music hasn't changed.
The music having finished, I took the CD out and put in another.
The music he writes is very relaxing.
The music helped Ziri calm down.
The music in this pub is perfect, but the people aren't.
The music is audible from a distance.
The music is beautiful, but it's not mine.
The music is being played in an endless loop.
The music is difficult for grownups to understand.
The music is good.
The music is in balance with the structure of the movie.
The music is just as popular in other countries as in Japan.
The music is peaceful.
The music is played in an endless loop.
The music is playing in an endless loop.
The music is too loud for my ears.
The music is too loud.
The music is too loud. Please turn it down.
The music lured everyone.
The music made the show.
The music makes me want to dance.
The music next door is very loud. I wish they would turn it down.
The music of Debussy often makes use of the whole tone scale.
The music of Mozart is always pleasing to me.
The music of his verses is generated in the subtle spheres of the heart.
The music of the Sainte-Chapelle concerts is extraordinary.
The music on the radio is an abomination.
The music played in a loop.
The music played softly in the background.
The music poured out of James's heart.
The music program at the school is nationally and internationally renowned.
The music put my imagination to work.
The music seemed to be coming from the other room.
The music set my imagination to work.
The music sounded a little eerie.
The music sounds atmospheric.
The music started again.
The music stopped abruptly.
The music stopped for a minute.
The music stopped.
The music suddenly stopped.
The music teacher has been fired.
The music teacher's name was Clara.
The music that Mary listens to is very nostalgic and sad.
The music that Mary listens to is very syncopated and unpredictable.
The music they make is well liked by all the country's people.
The music track began to play.
The music was blasting loud in the car.
The music was captivating.
The music was coming from down there.
The music was composed by a famous composer.
The music was excellent.
The music was playing so loud that it made my ears ring.
The music was terrific.
The music was too loud.
The music was turned off.
The music was very loud.
The music we listened to last night was wonderful.
The music will carry away the girls.
The music will help you lose your inhibitions.
The music you listen to reflects your inner world.
The music's blasting.
The musical instruments and parts are all professional grade! And the prices are the lowest anywhere!
The musical instruments and parts are completely professional quality! And yet the prices are lower than anywhere!
The musical is starting soon.
The musical program has gone off very well.
The musical was far from being a success.
The musical ‘Fiddler on the Roof’ is loosely based on ‘Tevye the Dairyman’, a story by the Yiddish author Sholem Aleichem.
The musician beat his drums loudly.
The musician began to play the violin on the stage.
The musician blew up after his first release.
The musician complained because his instrument wasn't well tuned.
The musician has many friends.
The musician is enjoying great popularity both in Japan and in America.
The musician is famous abroad as well as in Japan.
The musician is not available.
The musician is nowhere to be found.
The musician left his family poor.
The musician passionately played the violin.
The musician plays music.
The musician plays the bagpipe.
The musician releases her less successful works into the public domain.
The musician shook his head and pushed his little piano away.
The musician was complaining because his instrument wasn't well tuned.
The musicians acknowledge the applause.
The musicians are tired.
The musicians can't hear the drummer well enough.
The musicians come from 19 countries, including Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Israel and Italy, and Schmieder says that in their own way, they make the world more peaceful.
The musicians performed passionately, exchanging melodies fluidly as they go hand-to-hand through their duet.
The mussels at Benedito's restaurant are steamed to perfection.
The must is fermenting in the open barrel.
The mustache is for fags.
The mutated virus spreads easily.
The mutilated bodies of members of the sect were found.
The mutineer was made to walk the plank.
The mutiny was nipped in the bud.
The mutton was juicy.
The mutual aid that once existed in the villages has ended.
The myco-architecture project out of NASA's Ames Research Center in California's Silicon Valley is prototyping technologies that could "grow" habitats on the Moon, Mars and beyond out of life – specifically, fungi and the unseen underground threads that make up the main part of the fungus, known as mycelia.
The mycologist went wandering off into the woods.
The mysteries behind some of the facts of his life are yet to be unravelled.
The mysteries of love and friendship go beyond scientific rationale.
The mysteries will be cleared up when the chest is finally opened.
The mysteries will be unveiled when the box is finally opened.
The mysterious bright spots on Ceres, which have captivated both the Dawn science team and the public, reveal evidence of Ceres’ past subsurface ocean, and indicate that, far from being a dead world, Ceres is surprisingly active.
The mysterious eyes were still there.
The mysterious figure was completely ink black.
The mysterious lights flew into the woods.
The mystery contains more dialogue than narrative.
The mystery continues to deepen.
The mystery deepens.
The mystery has been solved.
The mystery has never been solved.
The mystery is finally solved!
The mystery is still unresolved.
The mystery is still unsolved.
The mystery of Matoub Lounes's assassination hasn't been solved.
The mystery of her death was never solved.
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
The mystery of life is beyond human understanding.
The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience.
The mystery of life occupied his thoughts.
The mystery of the sunken city.
The mystery only deepened.
The mystery remains unsolved.
The mystery still lingers on about how the body ended there a few years back.
The mystery still remains unsolved.
The mystery story is so hard that I don't like it.
The mystery story is so hard that I don’t like it.
The mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media.
The mystical school of Yogis was established by Patanjali, the founder of one of the six philosophical systems of ancient India. It is supposed that the Neo-platonists of the second and third Alexandrian Schools were the followers of Indian Yogis, more especially was their theurgy brought from India by Pythagoras, according to the tradition.
The mystique of this legend has endured for centuries, and a California-based group has just completed yet another leg of a cross-country expedition for the mysterious—and controversial—creature.
The myth of objectivity has played a central role in colonialism, allowing the experience of the colonized to be easily discounted while the objectivity of the colonizer's justice system is never questioned.
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
The myth says that all the gods and goddesses were sitting around the table to celebrate the marriage of Thetis and Peleus.
The myth that people who talk about suicide never follow through is deadly.
The mythical Kraken, thick as a ship and three times as wide, once made an attack on Christopher Columbus's fleet... giving Columbus no choice but to eat him.
The mythical Kraken, thick as a ship and three times as wide, once made an attack on Christopher Columbus’s fleet... giving Columbus no choice but to eat him.
The n-th roots of a complex number w are the solutions to the equation zⁿ = w. There exist n of them.
The nagging question is why.
The nail is bent.
The nail pierced the wall.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered down.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered.
The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
The nail tore his jacket.
The nail went through the wall.
The naive man blushed with shame.
The naive man was utterly embarrassed in her presence.
The naked yarrow grows in only one place in the world: the "Stone Graves" nature reserve.
The nakedness of woman is the work of God.
The name "Cleopatra" became a synonym for "beautiful woman".
The name "Cleopatra" became synonymous for "beautiful woman".
The name "Selim" spelled backwards is another name "Miles".
The name "Skura" is derived from "tasekkurt" which is Berber for partridge.
The name "al-Aqsa Mosque" means the "farthest mosque" in Arabic.
The name 'Asia' passed from ancient Greek into Latin, and from there into English.
The name Aaron’s Beard is applied to several plants; so is Aaron’s Rod, the latter name being perhaps most commonly given to the mullein, Verbascum Thapsus, because of its long, straight stem.
The name Algeria comes from "Al-Jazair" which means "islands" in Arabic. The country is named after its capital city which, in turn, was named after four little islands that were located a few dozens of yards off the coast of the old city of Algiers. It was the Berber dynasty of the Zirids that made Algiers the capital of their kingdom in the 10th century AD.
The name Bejaia probably comes from an ancient Berber word.
The name Burkina Faso means "land of worthy people".
The name Canada comes from the Iroquoian word kanata, which means "village" or "settlement".
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman.
The name Edwin doesn't ring a bell.
The name Edwin doesn’t ring a bell.
The name Gaia for planet Earth was coined by the scientist James Lovelock from the eponymous Greek goddess.
The name Idir is of Berber origin.
The name Jones is of Welsh origin.
The name Kabylie comes from the Arabic word "qaba'il" which means "tribes."
The name Libya is Berber in origin.
The name Michigan comes from the Ojibwe word for Lake Michigan, Michigami.
The name Ontario comes from the Huron word for Lake Ontario.
The name Pakistan was coined as an acronym for Punjab, Afghania, Kashmir, Sindh, and Balochistan.
The name Taliban means "students" in Pashto.
The name Tom doesn't ring a bell.
The name Yanni would suit your personality much better.
The name a player chooses might reflect their preferences or their mood.
The name comet comes from the Latin word cometa which means "long-haired".
The name does not matter.
The name doesn't come to me.
The name escapes me.
The name for the language Esperanto is the same in all languages.
The name is sometimes also used to apply to the neighborhood around the park.
The name is to be announced.
The name is unisex.
The name of João's sister is Joana.
The name of Lake Titicaca makes many English speakers giggle.
The name of Marco's car is 'Thunder Giant'.
The name of Marco’s car is ’Thunder Giant’.
The name of Saint-Augustine would come from "Agastan, native of Tagast", the current city of Souk-Ahras. Agastan and Tagast have the same root "gst".
The name of Tom's wife is Mary and his son's is Horace.
The name of my city is Jhelum.
The name of my country is not known.
The name of my country is written without any article.
The name of my name is "Strange".
The name of my village is "Polperro".
The name of the Algerian city of Oran comes from an old Berber word meaning "lions."
The name of the Algerian town Tipaza comes from tafza, red sandstone.
The name of the addressee on the stamped envelope was illegible.
The name of the attending physician or midwife must be listed on the birth certificate.
The name of the character is Hamlet.
The name of the city of São Paulo is written in Spanish also as "San Pablo".
The name of the cybertherapist is Eliza.
The name of the game is "Find ten differences".
The name of the hotel is English.
The name of the man I met yesterday is Mr. Hill.
The name of the man is Kim.
The name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi. The names of his two sons were Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehem Judah. They came into the country of Moab and lived there.
The name of the new species — Thapunngaka shawi — recognizes the Indigenous peoples of the Richmond area where the fossil was found, using words from the now-extinct language of the Wanamara Nation in Queensland.
The name of the one is Phison: that is it which compasseth all the land of Hevilath, where gold groweth. And the gold of that land is very good: there is found bdellium, and the onyx stone.
The name of the pianist is known to everybody.
The name of the playwright character in the game MARDEK 3, Akhmed Wobblescimitare, is an obvious pun on William Shakespeare, and I find it pretty amusing.
The name of the protagonist is still unknown.
The name of the restaurant is "Old Europe".
The name of the store was painted in large letters above the door.
The name of this country is Russia.
The name of this insect is a mouthful: the brown marmorated stink bug.
The name of this self-styled group has become familiar to digerati all over the world.
The name of this statesman is known to everybody in Japan.
The name on the card is Tom Jackson.
The name rang a bell in me.
The name rings a bell.
The name sounds familiar.
The name sounds sort of silly to me.
The name will remain the same.
The name's Jackson. Tom Jackson.
The names "Selim" and "Miles" are semordnilaps.
The names Allah and Muhammad were mentioned in the text.
The names Ziri and Walid are clearly ethnic to most Westerners. That's why many people on this website don't like it whereas they never question the excessive use of some Western names.
The names are in Japanese aiueo order.
The names are in Japanese alphabetical order.
The names are in Japanese syllabary order.
The names are in alphabetical order.
The names are in the order of the actors' appearance on the stage.
The names are sorted alphabetically.
The names of Jews and Judaism derive from Judah, the southern kingdom from which the people and religion derive.
The names of Mars' dogs are Fear and Terror; those of the villain in "Green Mansions," Greedy and Dirty.
The names of the cast appear in the film's closing credits.
The names of the independent candidates standing for election are at the bottom of the list.
The names of the players are written on their lockers.
The names of the students who failed in the examination were posted on the bulletin board.
The names of those who died have not been released.
The names of trees are always feminine in Latin.
The names on this list are in no particular order.
The names remain the same today.
The names you've mentioned aren't anywhere to be found in the list.
The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221 B Baker Street.
The naming trends for babies born this February 2020 have been announced. The number one girl's name was "Rin", and the number one boy's name was "Ren".
The nanny came in to pick up the baby and take him for a bath.
The nanomachines are so small that about 50,000 of them can fit across the diameter of a human hair.
The nanomachines can drill into cancer cells, causing the cells’ nucleus to disintegrate into fragments.
The napkins are chlorine-free.
The nappy smells very dirty.
The naproxen helped a little.
The narratee is the one being spoken to.
The narration is written in the first person singular because it is fictionally taken from the man's everyday journal.
The narration is written in the first person singular because it is fictionally taken from the man’s everyday journal.
The narrative is nonlinear.
The narrative provided some eye-opening social commentary on the state of the country.
The narrator describes the surroundings only sparingly.
The narrator had a wonderful voice. It was melodic and pulled the audience into the words they spoke as if they were experiencing what they spoke of for themselves.
The narrator is very good.
The narrator of the documentary was Morgan Freeman.
The narrator provides only a few descriptions of the surroundings.
The narrator retells the event in his own way.
The narrow streets and alleys of the old centre of town are now filled with tourists.
The narrow streets became crowded.
The narrow windows, flanked by deep indentures into the walls, seemed formed rather to exclude than to admit the cheerful light.
The narrower the mind, the bigger the asshole.
The narwhal is an odontocete or toothed whale, but is different from all other toothed whales in that it has no teeth in its mouth. Instead, male narwhals have a single long, straight tooth (or tusk) that protrudes two to three meters out of the upper left jaw. Females almost never have a tusk. The tooth grows in a counterclockwise spiral.
The narwhal is the unicorn of the sea.
The nascent VR industry is still having trouble breaking into the mainstream.
The nation as a whole is in favor of political reform.
The nation ceased to exist.
The nation demands social justice.
The nation established diplomatic relations with India in 1962.
The nation is clearly divided deep between the proponents and opponents of Brexit: England and Wales against Scotland and North Ireland, rural against urban, the elderly against the youth, people with a basic education against those with a higher upbringing, even family members against family members.
The nation is growing.
The nation is like one body.
The nation is polarized.
The nation is roaring.
The nation mourned the death of the king.
The nation needed more and better teachers.
The nation of good people is a home of generosity.
The nation recently declared its independence.
The nation retained suzerainty over the territory.
The nation severed diplomatic relations with Jakarta following the invasion.
The nation state is a product of modernity.
The nation was at peace.
The nation was growing.
The nation was riven by partisan conflict.
The nation whose land we're on was forcibly relocated to Oklahoma.
The nation's finances are bankrupt because of the war.
The nation's finances are exhausted due to the war.
The nation's international relations remained dominated by border security issues.
The nation's leaders had no choice.
The nation's trade balance improved last year as exports were strong, while imports remained steady.
The national Brukenthal Museum is the first museum that opened officially in Romania.
The national animal of Bangladesh is the Royal Bengal Tiger.
The national anthem is a beautiful song.
The national anthems of both India and Bangladesh were written by Rabindranath Tagore.
The national debt has trebled in the last ten years.
The national debt is growing.
The national flag has two colors and a coat of arms.
The national flag of Vietnam is red.
The national flag of the USA is called the Stars and Stripes.
The national health service takes care of you from womb to tomb.
The national health service was far from adequate.
The national historical park is 22 hectares. It covers 20 city blocks of Philadelphia’s historic area. Within these city blocks are some of the most important places in American history.
The national home of the Palestinians is Palestine.
The national instrument of the Phrygians was the flute, and it is worthy of remark that up to a very late period flute-players at Athens were usually distinguished by Phrygian names.
The national language of India is Hindi.
The national park has many beautiful places to hike.
The national parks are closed because the government has shut down.
The national renaissance of Albania in the 19th century fostered a movement for independence, which culminated in the declaration of the country's independence from the Ottoman Empire on November 28, 1912.
The national road toll has dropped, due in part to the fact that modern cars are safer.
The national service program taught them valuable skills.
The national sovereignty is sacred and inviolable.
The national team played six matches at the Copa América.
The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them.
The nationwide lockdown has left thousands of foreign tourists and visitors in Italy in a quandary.
The nation’s finances are bankrupt because of the war.
The nation’s leaders had no choice.
The nation’s trade balance improved last year as exports were strong, while imports remained steady.
The native language is now used on many web-sites.
The native people of North Africa are of Berber descent.
The native people were forced off their land.
The native population has been deprived of all political rights.
The native population needs to be uprooted.
The natives are dehumanized.
The natives are getting restless.
The natives are going to stand and fight.
The natives are restless today.
The natives are restless.
The natives are scared of this place.
The natives are very hospitable.
The natives collect and store rain-water to drink.
The natives consider this territory haunted.
The natives each had an amulet, which they considered their true heart.
The natives have to defend their land against invaders.
The natives heard a gunshot and thought that the invaders were in the forest.
The natives know the secrets of the forest.
The natives need to be annihilated.
The natives need to be eliminated.
The natives need to be expelled.
The natives need to be exterminated. This is what happened in North America and Australia.
The natives need to be overcome and eliminated.
The natives needed to be eliminated.
The natives of America are the Amerindians.
The natives of North Africa are Berbers.
The natives of the North-West Pacific Coast of America were probably descendants of tribes from Asia.
The natives saw an airplane then for the first time.
The natives were dispossessed of their homes and lands.
The natives were not allowed to enter the district.
The natives were tormented by a long spell of dry weather.
The natural disadvantage of democracy is that it very much ties the hands of those who think honestly, while allowing almost everything to those who do not take it earnestly.
The natural feed of horses is grass.
The natural history museum has a large collection.
The natural instinct of travellers at their journey's end is to seek for rest and change of attire.
The natural landscape is characterised by its large amount of mountains, and it looks as truly beautiful as a painting.
The natural logarithm base is sometimes also called Euler's number.
The natural logarithm of e is 1.
The natural sciences are harder than the social sciences.
The natural sciences are nomothetic, whereas the humanities are idiographic.
The natural scientific method essentially consists not of verification, but falsification: a model is valid as long as it cannot be experimentally refuted.
The natural superiority of all Capricorns shouldn't be doubted any more.
The natural superiority of all Capricorns shouldn't be put in doubt, like at all.
The natural superiority of all Capricorns shouldn't be put in question, like at all.
The natural sweet-fish broiled with salt is absolutely terrific.
The natural world challenges our binary classifications.
The natural world is always much more complex than formulations in the lab or blueprints in the design office.
The naturalists began to focus their attention on the diversity of species.
The naturally desiccated Hungarian mummies had lost their body fluids slowly and naturally, which is quite different from the method used by Egyptians, who deployed special embalmers to carry out the task quickly over a period of two or three months.
The nature around us went silent.
The nature is very rich in Albania.
The nature of memory has been the subject of considerable speculation in the past. It has long been felt intuitively that retention of information in the central nervous system involves either an alteration of preexisting material or structure, or, alternatively, synthesis of materials not present previously. The cellular site of operational alteration was unknown but, again intuitively, was felt to be closely associated with the synapses. The problems faced by early investigators were great; but nevertheless much information relevant to the question of biological information storage was obtained. With the relatively recent advent of more refined tools and methodologies, there has been rapid progress.
The nature of the All moved to make the universe.
The nature of the Germanic-Mediterranean dichotomy of English vocabulary seems still a novelty for many people, including my neighbours, the Wongs, who are multiracial from Fiji, once a British colony. The more educated an Anglophone is, the more acrolectal Mediterranean is the vocabulary. The less educated an Anglophone is, the more basilectal Germanic is the vocabulary. The late inventor, Buckminster Fuller, was very experimental in his English writing, as he concocted new-fangled words from Mediterranean and Germanic roots. He thought that using words only found in the dictionary was like living in a prison.
The nature of the problem works against its own solution.
The nature preserve offers excellent birding.
The nature preserve was gated.
The naughty boy broke his leg. He would have cracked his skull if he hadn't grabbed the handrail in time.
The naughty boy got lost and looked around.
The naughty boys kept egging on their friend to pull the girl's hair.
The naughty girl assumed an air of innocence.
The nausea doesn't leave me for a single moment.
The nautilus is a mollusk that uses jet propulsion to roam the ocean deep.
The nave is the central part of the church.
The nave, transept and aisles of the church have marble floors.
The navigation was temporarily interrupted.
The navy defends our seacoast.
The navy ship KRI Nanggala from Indonesia is declared sunk in the Bali Ocean.
The navy was ordered to go to sea.
The navy, Sri Lanka coast guard lifesaving teams, police lifesavers, volunteers, lifeguards and residents took part in the rescue mission.
The near future does not hold good things for the world.
The near future doesn't hold good things for the world.
The near kinsman said, "I can't redeem it for myself, lest I endanger my own inheritance. Take my right of redemption for yourself; for I can't redeem it."
The near the bone, the sweeter the meat.
The near-comeback at the end of the game earlier put me on the edge of my seat thinking that you might lose.
The nearby gauge was underwater, making it impossible to get an accurate reading.
The nearest farm is 40 miles away.
The nearest gas station is only one hundred kilometers to the north.
The nearest nursery school is 3 miles from here.
The nearest payphone is five miles away.
The nearest post office is in Cavendon Road.
The nearest star is about four and half light-years away from the earth.
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.
The nearest town is behind the hills.
The nearest town is quite far away.
The neat thing about smart watches is being able to add any complication you want to the face.
The neatness of his attire was almost incredible.
The necessary changes have been made.
The necessary changes having been made.
The necessary skills are taught during a two-day course.
The necessity of education came home to me.
The neck of the bottle was broken.
The necklace is cheap at a hundred dollars.
The necklace looks great on you.
The necklace tore and the beads rolled on the floor.
The necromancer had four corpse servants.
The necromancer raised the orc corpses.
The nectar of the flower and the herb cause allergy to Aksil.
The need a rug.
The need for a ferry was obviated once the bridge was built.
The need for a transitional object is not an illness.
The need for action is urgent.
The need for artificial nests demonstrates why the African penguin is listed as a vulnerable species by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. Much of the penguin's natural habitat has been destroyed. Commercial fishing fleets have also reduced their food supply. Chivell has formed the Dyer Island Conservation Trust to install 800 nests at this site.
The need for love is universal and timeless.
The need for more foreign language teachers here is becoming urgent.
The need for reform in Italy is enormous.
The need for reform is enormous.
The need for theoretical and practical preparation is obvious.
The need is more urgent than ever.
The need isn't going to go away.
The need of the mycologist, mycophagist and amateur toadstool student is a book giving the genus, names and descriptions of the prominent American toadstools whose edibility has been tested, or whose poisonous qualities have been discovered.
The need to learn makes us better people.
The needle is pointing north.
The needle is pointing toward the north.
The needle of a compass marks North.
The needle of the barometer fell low.
The needle of the record player needs to fall into the groove of the vinyl record.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
The negative attitude displayed by the English speaker fosters an atmosphere of exclusion and intolerance.
The negative comments of some English native speakers diminish the value of non-native speakers' contributions to the collaborative website.
The negative effects of immigration on the housing market are overstated.
The negative electrode is usually made of carbon.
The negative influence of the English teacher led to a loss of motivation among foreign learners.
The negative powers of the number ten are decimal fractions of ten.
The neglected room remained unoccupied.
The negotiating parties failed to reach an agreement.
The negotiation ended in failure.
The negotiation has entered upon a new phase.
The negotiation has entered upon a serious phase.
The negotiation is off.
The negotiation was blocked on the question of salaries.
The negotiation was successful.
The negotiation with Tom lasted about two hours.
The negotiations are aimed at ending the worst diplomatic crisis between the two countries.
The negotiations are at a very delicate stage.
The negotiations are entering a critical phase.
The negotiations are in full swing.
The negotiations are making slow progress.
The negotiations are on a knife's edge, and could go either way.
The negotiations failed.
The negotiations fell through.
The negotiations have begun.
The negotiations have ended.
The negotiations made little progress.
The negotiations progressed slowly.
The negotiations reached a dead end.
The negotiations reached a stalemate after hours of talks.
The negotiations stalled, resulting in a tense stalemate.
The negotiations stepped into a crucial phase.
The negotiations took place behind closed doors.
The negotiations took place in Boston.
The negotiations were conducted behind closed doors.
The negotiations were held behind closed doors.
The negotiations, which were launched in Doha, Qatar in November, are being relied on by many people to give a sorely need boost to the world economy.
The neighbor across the street always throws parties.
The neighbor across the street is always throwing parties.
The neighbor asked us to turn the music down.
The neighbor came over and introduced himself as Alberto.
The neighbor didn't see anything.
The neighbor fell headfirst from the tree.
The neighbor has a beautiful floof.
The neighbor has a beautiful long-haired cat.
The neighbor is vaccinated.
The neighbor is walking her dog.
The neighbor is walking his dog.
The neighbor popped his head up over the wall for a moment.
The neighbor walks off leaving a frustrated Tom alone.
The neighbor woman nearly died of envy.
The neighbor's baby has started to toddle.
The neighbor's baby has started toddling about.
The neighbor's car is in front of our door.
The neighbor's cat is bigger than my cat.
The neighbor's cat is purring.
The neighbor's cat loves our garden.
The neighbor's cat spilled its cup of milk on the floor tiles.
The neighbor's cats meow through the night.
The neighbor's dog barked all night.
The neighbor's dog barks too much.
The neighbor's dog brought up the rear.
The neighbor's dog is always barking.
The neighbor's dog is dangerous.
The neighbor's dog kept Tom awake most of the night.
The neighbor's dog often comes into our yard.
The neighbor's dog was barking all night.
The neighbor's dog yelps too much.
The neighbor's dog's constant barking annoys me.
The neighbor's guest eats a lot of persimmons.
The neighbor's lawn is greener.
The neighbor's loud parties annoyed Tom.
The neighborhood has been gentrified. Now it's teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks. They gather round coffee and free Wi-Fi like bees round a honeypot.
The neighborhood has been gentrified. Now it’s teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks. They gather round coffee and free Wi-Fi like bees round a honeypot.
The neighborhood has forests behind every house.
The neighborhood is alive with activities.
The neighborhood is very safe.
The neighborhood organized a successful charity event.
The neighborhood was built on the site of an old tobacco plantation.
The neighborhood was cut in two by the highway.
The neighborhood was deserted.
The neighborhood was full of young couples.
The neighborhood was silent.
The neighborhood where Tom and Mary live is very quiet.
The neighborhood where Tom lives is very quiet.
The neighborhood won't be the same without Tom.
The neighboring chimneys send out puffs of smoke, which are swiftly whirled away by the icy north wind that leaves some snow-flakes in exchange.
The neighboring chimneys send out puffs of smoke.
The neighboring countries never submitted to his terrorism.
The neighbors admired Gabor's treehouse.
The neighbors all came out to help Yanni.
The neighbors are friendly.
The neighbors are noisy.
The neighbors are quiet.
The neighbors are too nosy.
The neighbors called the police on Yuri.
The neighbors called the police.
The neighbors informed me that somebody had tried to break into my house.
The neighbors made a fool of him.
The neighbors say that Mary beats her husband.
The neighbors say that Tom beats his wife.
The neighbors sent their kid on a linguistic trip to Ireland this summer.
The neighbors sound like they are having a rocking party; let's gatecrash!
The neighbors told us to quiet down last night or they would call the police.
The neighbors took turns sitting up with him.
The neighbors were accustomed to the property being vacant.
The neighbors were enemies for years.
The neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down.
The neighbors' dog passed away.
The neighbors' dog won't stop barking!
The neighbors' son won the spelling bee at school.
The neighbour asked us to turn the music down.
The neighbour calls her dogs back.
The neighbour didn't see anything.
The neighbour has just come back.
The neighbour has just got back.
The neighbour has just returned.
The neighbour is taking his dog for a walk.
The neighbour is walking his dog.
The neighbour's cat is purring.
The neighbour's cat is sleeping on our front steps.
The neighbour's cat loves our garden.
The neighbour's dog constantly barks.
The neighbour's dog is dangerous.
The neighbour's dog just doesn't stop yelping.
The neighbour's just got back.
The neighbourhood was cut in two by the highway.
The neighbouring house was destroyed, but mine survived just a bit of cost for repair.
The neighbouring room was a library.
The neighbouring room was the library.
The neighbours I have are excessively noisy.
The neighbours are making too much noise – they're starting to annoy me!
The neighbours are quiet.
The neighbours are too nosy.
The neighbours from one side said, “You’re not yourselves, but you’re the same as us. So accept our customs, our schools, our language, because your language is the same as ours, only you’ve corrupted it”. The same was said by the neighbours from the other side, but in their own way.
The neighbours have been arguing again.
The neighbours have been banging about next door all morning.
The neighbours have been making their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours have been turning their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours have made their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours have turned their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours made their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours see that the mailbox hasn't been emptied.
The neighbours see that the mailbox hasn’t been emptied.
The neighbours turned their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours usually go away at Christmas.
The neighbours usually go away at Christmas. We usually stay at home or go to stay with Nan.
The neighbours who had reached the spot, seconded this demand, to which the Methymnaeans consented, and Philetas, the herdsman, was appointed umpire in the business.
The neighbours' curtains twitched.
The neighbours' dog was barking and, in the distance, another dog answered.
The neighbours' light is on.
The neighbours' lights are on.
The neocons were building the US unipolar world.
The neolithic period is also known as The Stone Age.
The neon sign shone as if to invite us.
The nephron is the kidney's basic structural and functional unit, responsible for blood purification.
The nephron is the kidney's basic structural and functional unit, responsible for filtration of the blood.
The nerves of that one!
The nervous girl is in the habit of chewing the end of her pencil.
The nest fell from the tree.
The nest fell off the tree.
The nest fell on the ground.
The net curtains have been faded by sunlight.
The net economy is booming.
The net got entangled in the propeller.
The net got entangled in the screw.
The net gravitational field at any point on the surface of the earth is the sum of the gravitational fields of all the masses in the universe; hence it displays diurnal and seasonal variations and variations with the phases of the moon and Jupiter; and those variations vary with latitude: if you live far from the poles, you weigh more at night.
The net is huge.
The net was full.
The net weight is three kilograms.
The net weight of this jam is 200 grams.
The net-cafes here cater to students; fees start at around a pound an hour.
The nether gate was opened.
The nets thrown by the sailors did not bring in a good catch.
The nets were loaded with fish.
The nettle tree gives sweet micocolli.
The network is moving your show to another time slot.
The neural crest is found in embryonic structures.
The neurological system is compromised by this toxin.
The neutrino's ability to travel without deviation from its course means its source can be accurately tracked, unlike other types of subatomic particles that can be dragged off course by a magnetic field like the Earth's.
The neutrons don't talk to anyone.
The neverlur is a trumpet made from spruce covered in birch bark.
The new 100 reales note is bigger than the old one.
The new Afghan government is a fait accompli.
The new Algiers airport was inaugurated in 2019.
The new CEO laid off more than a thousand workers.
The new CEO opened up a lot of avenues for partnerships.
The new Diet member was smoking, leaning back proudly in a chair.
The new E10 gas contains ten percent bioethanol.
The new EPA rules require the dirtiest power plants to reduce emissions of mercury, arsenic, chromium, nickel and acid gases by more than 90 percent within the next three-to-four years or be shut down.
The new German publication of Hitler's political manifesto for the first time after 70 years has sparked a debate about whether it is right to reprint the anti-Semitic work.
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.
The new IT system is currently being installed; meanwhile, it is necessary to continue to use the old system.
The new Kodak Theatre will host the 74th annual Academy Awards. It is part of a $600 million complex that includes a four-star hotel, a multi-screen cinema and shopping arcade.
The new Mario game is an underwater adventure where he solves the mystery of an ancient kingdom sunk to the bottom of the sea.
The new Pope is not a woman and that's not a surprise.
The new President is well spoken of.
The new Scottish Parliament is inaugurated.
The new TV drama is quite interesting.
The new TV host is a little rigid.
The new TV series is going to start.
The new Tatoeba website will use a home-made "hyper" database, a "made-from-scratch" search engine, and will run on a tatoebux-OS server with a tatoetel CPU made entirely out of tatoebium.
The new Twitter font is difficult to read for people with dyslexia.
The new U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Volker Tuerk says he will use his position to advocate for the rights of people around the world, especially for the most vulnerable, powerless and repressed.
The new Yokozuna is Mongolian and is called Harumafuji.
The new accounting procedures require us to fill out different forms for reporting expenses.
The new adaptor works with all my devices.
The new agreement establishes a post for a special rapporteur on environmental defenders. The official will be able to provide a rapid response to alleged violations as stipulated under the Aarhus Convention.
The new agreement included a provision that dealt with the ramifications of the outbreak of a war.
The new airplane flies at twice the speed of sound.
The new airport has been called a white elephant.
The new airport will have six landing strips.
The new album has a higher priority.
The new album was released on CD-ROM.
The new album's ready?
The new ambassador is a "Wolf Warrior" diplomat.
The new ambassador will push for a cease-fire to stop the killing.
The new and improved model has been selling like hotcakes.
The new apartment is great!
The new arrests are drawing attention.
The new arrival was a lovely girl.
The new arrivals became a sensation.
The new art museum is scheduled to open late next year.
The new article will be phased in in the market.
The new auditorium has good acoustics.
The new bank is on Baker Street.
The new bank is on Park Street.
The new belvedere is well-lit thanks to those streetlights.
The new bicycle cost me as much as 50,000 yen.
The new bill favoured the rich disproportionately to the number of lower class.
The new billboards blocked our view.
The new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth.
The new bishop was installed with much pomp and circumstance.
The new blender we got is much quieter than the last one we had.
The new blood test promises to provide that speedy diagnosis. Investigators say it can tell within hours whether someone is infected with mycobacterium, the pathogen that causes tuberculosis.
The new boss doesn't mess about. Whoever doesn't toe the line gets sacked.
The new boss has whipped the company into shape.
The new boss runs a really tight ship.
The new boss wasn't very social with his employees.
The new boss wasn’t very social with his employees.
The new boxer outboxed the champion.
The new boy had a nervous stammer.
The new boy is distant because he does not know us.
The new boy made up to his teacher by sharpening her pencils.
The new boys soon accustomed themselves to the school.
The new bridge is in process of construction.
The new bridge is under construction.
The new bridge made it easy for the villagers to go to town.
The new bridge was named Rainbow Bridge.
The new bridge will be 1.5km long.
The new bridge will be a mile long.
The new bridge will be as long as 1.5 km.
The new bridge will be completed by April.
The new bridge will be completed by March.
The new bridge will have been completed by April.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
The new building blocked the view from my window.
The new building cut the view from my window.
The new building has many empty apartments and few residents.
The new building is enormous.
The new building is really big.
The new bus line should reduce my commuting time.
The new bush looks really good in this corner.
The new business was eating away his fortune.
The new camera our company has been marketing lately has a design different from any we've marketed before.
The new camera our company has been marketing lately has a design different from any we’ve marketed before.
The new car is hers.
The new car model will be brought to market in May.
The new car underwent its tests successfully.
The new car uses less petrol than the old one.
The new cell phone is pretty handy.
The new cell phone sold like hot cakes.
The new chair that I just bought is very comfortable.
The new chancellor hasn't fulfilled his promises.
The new child abuse law became final on May 1.
The new chip will eventually make Lukas’s company obsolete.
The new cigarette packs are designed to make smoking unattractive.
The new circumstances compelled a change in policy.
The new clothes are very comfortable.
The new coach is a soft-spoken, 40-year-old Dutchman whose youthful looks, dreadlocks and lean physique make it sometimes difficult to distinguish him from the players.
The new coalition government is trying to ride out the storm.
The new coffee maker is faster than the old one.
The new comet was picked up by the instrument because it is releasing huge amounts of water, about 1.3 tons per second.
The new commercial for the Marine Corps is called "Esprit de Corps."
The new community center was inaugurated yesterday with pomp and circumstance.
The new company has made a small profit this year.
The new company rule was unfair to older workers.
The new computer is ten times as fast as the old one.
The new computer is ten times faster than the old one.
The new computer is ten times faster than the old.
The new computer was too complicated for me to use at first.
The new computerised recording system experienced a number of teething problems before it was fully operational.
The new concert hall has state-of-the-art acoustics.
The new concert hall is a tall, modern, structure.
The new constitution included the aim of abridging the king's power.
The new constitution included the aim of abridging the king’s power.
The new constitution will not solve Egypt's problems.
The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.
The new constitution won't solve Egypt's problems.
The new contract enables us to demand whatever we want.
The new contract was ratified by a majority of only 56 percent.
The new coronavirus is believed to have come from a bat who contaminated a pangolin at a wildlife market in China.
The new coronavirus is extremely contagious.
The new coronavirus is very contagious.
The new coronavirus is very infectious.
The new coronavirus spread quickly from country to country.
The new countries were extremely rich in resources.
The new country lacked political stability and experienced a series of military coups.
The new couple have gone off to Hawaii on their honeymoon.
The new crew will have more time for scientific research than their predecessors did because of a lull in station construction during their sojourn.
The new cybersecurity agreement signed by U. S. President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping last week marks a significant first step for both governments to join forces in clamping down on commercial espionage in the cyberspace, analysts say.
The new data seems to be falsified.
The new dawn blooms as we free it. For there is always light, if only we're brave enough to see it. If only we're brave enough to be it.
The new decoration gave joy to the house.
The new department store will be opened next month.
The new department will subsume both Tom and Mary's departments.
The new design includes a patterned breeze-block wall.
The new design is much better than the old one.
The new design that Tom came up with is worthy of consideration.
The new designs are much better than the old ones.
The new dinosaur exhibit is cool.
The new discovery proved useful to science.
The new document system is worth $4,000.
The new dress doesn't look bad on you.
The new dress doesn't make you look bad.
The new drug is proven to be safe and effective.
The new drug will be tested in Vaxgen's laboratory.
The new drug will be tested in Vaxgen’s laboratory.
The new edifice of the theatre looks very splendid.
The new elements also provide a certain symmetry to the periodic table, filling out the seventh row of the chart.
The new employee glossed over his first mistake.
The new employee is dead weight.
The new employee locked herself in the freezer.
The new engine must undergo all the necessary tests.
The new episode was great.
The new equipment enabled us to finish the work in an hour.
The new evidence will bolster your case.
The new fabric softener smells lovely.
The new fact has come to light.
The new fashion soon lost its appeal.
The new film was a big hit.
The new film was a great success.
The new final deadline is at 7 o'clock on June 10th.
The new final deadline is at 7 o’clock on June 10th.
The new finance manager should have started by now.
The new finance minister has street-cred.
The new findings don't generalize very well.
The new floorcovering looks like timber but is actually vinyl.
The new formula in physics describes humans as paradoxical beings who have two complementary aspects. They can show properties of Newtonian objects and also infinite fields of consciousness.
The new fur coats were displayed in the window.
The new furniture arrived today.
The new furniture came today.
The new generation of coffee drinkers, many of them young, black and upwardly mobile, are wrinkling their noses at wan, syrupy swill and asking for chic, pared-down concoctions with single-origin, fair-trade beans.
The new girl? I don't know her.
The new girl? I don’t know her.
The new government has financial troubles.
The new government hasn't yet been formed.
The new government is expected to bring about a good number of administrative reforms.
The new government is faced with the threatening gestures of a neighboring great power.
The new government promised to rid the country of corruption.
The new government was formed to make people's lives hell.
The new governor has never held office before.
The new guy is Tom.
The new guy's name is Tom.
The new hall is double the size of the old one.
The new healthcare reform is nothing but a band-aid solution.
The new highway is expected to cost 9.24 million dollars.
The new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time.
The new highways Algeria is building will help it to develop internally.
The new highways are magnificent.
The new home is more than one-thousand square meters. Work crews used almost ninety-one-thousand kilograms of steel to build it. About one-fifth of the steel is covered with a chemical that kills bacteria, mold and other organisms. A Massachusetts company, AgION Technologies, produces the chemical. The heating, airflow and cooling systems all are made with the treated steel. So are food preparation surfaces and other "high-touch" areas, along with the roof.
The new home works as a surrogate home.
The new hoover came with a thick booklet of instructions in twenty-one languages.
The new hotel invited suggestions from the guests.
The new house didn't live up to expectations.
The new house didn’t live up to expectations.
The new house is beautiful.
The new house is here.
The new house is near the fast burn.
The new houses are expensive.
The new houses are of a uniform height.
The new houses are the same height.
The new housing estate had a strong smell of sewage.
The new iPads look amazing.
The new immigration law shouldn't be construed as an excuse not to meet our obligations to genuine refugees.
The new industry brought about changes in our life.
The new industry transformed the town into a big city.
The new instrument sounds good.
The new international airport really put Narita on the map.
The new jet circles the globe in twenty-four hours.
The new jet engines that will deliver more thrust at top speeds.
The new job challenged his skill.
The new kid on the block is trying very hard to exhaust me.
The new king assumed the throne when he was only fifteen.
The new king isn't a fan of elves.
The new labourer was buggered by smoko.
The new law came into effect on 1 January.
The new law came into effect on 1st January.
The new law facilitates the creation of many new jobs.
The new law guarantees the same judicial and social rights to homosexual couples.
The new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty.
The new law has done away with the long-standing custom.
The new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60%.
The new law restricts the sale of cigarettes to minors.
The new law should take a bite out of organized crime.
The new law was a major reform.
The new law was enforced on the people of the island.
The new law was twelve months in the making.
The new law will bring about important changes in the educational system.
The new law will deprive religious minorities of their right to vote.
The new law will take effect in December.
The new laws sowed the seeds of revolution.
The new leaves are lush.
The new library has been under construction since last year.
The new library is nicer than the old library.
The new library opened in a place near the old building, in the old neighborhood of Bascarsija.
The new library will be open in a few months.
The new line of dresses is from Paris.
The new machine brought in a lot of money.
The new machine takes up lots of space.
The new machine will be in use.
The new machine will take a lot of room.
The new mall is scheduled to open in October.
The new manager never gave me a chance.
The new manager seems like a nice guy.
The new mayor is well spoken of by the citizens.
The new mechanic's name is Tom.
The new medicine demonstrated an immediate effect.
The new medicine saved his life.
The new medicine saved me from an illness.
The new method has already found proponents in many countries.
The new method is well worth consideration.
The new method uses X-ray technology and light imaging to help save images badly damaged by the effects of age.
The new method uses proteins from mushrooms. The proteins are called lectins. The lectins cause an animal's own defense system to release chemicals that fight the parasites. Mushroom lectin is injected into chicken embryos. The lectin is also added to drinking water for chickens.
The new method was anything but ideal.
The new microphone works better.
The new milk commercial is an attack on human psychology.
The new minister took over the job on Monday.
The new mission, called Dione after the ancient Greek goddess of the oracles, will carry four miniaturized instruments to study how Earth’s upper atmospheric layers react to the ever-changing flow of solar energy into the magnetosphere.
The new mobile phone is quite easy to use.
The new mod has sparked a major revival in the game's community.
The new model car was put through several tests.
The new model car will be brought to market in May.
The new model clicked with the public.
The new model is expected to be put on the market early next year.
The new model is featured by higher power and speed.
The new model still has teething troubles.
The new model was announced as rumored.
The new model was larger, faster and more refined than its predecessor.
The new model will be on the market in November.
The new model will be priced at $12,000.
The new model will retail for 30,000 yen.
The new moon came out.
The new motorway shortens my journey time by almost an hour.
The new movie was a big hit.
The new movie was a great success.
The new museum is worth a visit.
The new museum is worth visiting.
The new museum itself is a work of art. It is a century old grain silo on the historic waterfront in Cape Town, South Africa.
The new museum opens next Monday.
The new museum's worth visiting.
The new nation is under the economic influence of Japan.
The new national elder-care insurance system starts next year, right?
The new neighbourhood is being built in the immediate vicinity of the university.
The new neighbourhood is being built in the university's immediate vicinity.
The new neighbours have arrived.
The new novel added greatly to his reputation.
The new novel was finally published.
The new office is across the street.
The new office is more spacious.
The new office will be farther from the factory.
The new official website has been launched.
The new one is funny.
The new one is the most beautiful of all; he is so young and pretty.
The new one's twice as big as the old one.
The new ordinance has been repealed.
The new owner has other plans.
The new park is due to be open in October.
The new park is the pride of our city.
The new park should open later this year.
The new park turned into one of the most neglected places in the city.
The new passages are twice the length of the old ones.
The new perfume gave Mary a horrible rash.
The new phone book has arrived!
The new phone book is here!
The new phone sold like gangbusters.
The new phone uses advanced face-recognition software to identify its users.
The new phone went out of stock as soon as it was put on sale.
The new picture has made a record breaking hit.
The new pill, called Alli, would be the first approved non-prescription diet pill that blocks fat absorption.
The new plan has been very successful.
The new plan is based on our idea.
The new plan was accounted practicable.
The new plan will call for a lot of money.
The new plan worked great.
The new plan worked outstandingly.
The new plan worked well.
The new plane can accommodate 400 passengers or 200 Americans.
The new policy was under intense juridical scrutiny to ensure it complied with constitutional law.
The new political correctness movement has moved beyond the university campus, and is enjoying much more widespread appeal.
The new political parties are rally lovers and populists, but not at all democratic.
The new pope comes from Argentina.
The new pope is Catholic and that's not a surprise.
The new pope is called Francis.
The new president can be relied upon, can't he?
The new president can be relied upon, can’t he?
The new president did away with a lot of the traditional protocols.
The new president did what he thought was right.
The new president of France is very young.
The new president wants to build up the army.
The new president wants to whittle down spending on health care to a bare minimum.
The new president was a warm and friendly man.
The new price structure will kick in at the beginning of next financial year.
The new product is on sale.
The new product will not be distributed through conventional channels.
The new product's sales exceeded expectations.
The new product, called Reels, is embedded in the Instagram app and permits users to create 15-second videos set to music from a predetermined music library.
The new production process achieves a high yield.
The new professor is in the classroom.
The new railway is not completed yet.
The new rapid, automated test can show within a matter of seconds whether the man's sperm count is too low to conceive or if there are problems with motility of the sperm so the reproductive cells have trouble fertilizing a female egg.
The new regulation banning sleeveless tops in yearbook photos is pretty asinine, if you ask me.
The new regulations were confirmed by the full committee.
The new report, by a commission of experts from 13 countries, highlights the tangle of contradictions in today’s global food situation.
The new research provides the first solid evidence that the universe went through an extraordinary growth spurt in its first brief moments of being, a period called inflation. This unfathomably rapid rate of growth left ripples in the fabric of space—gravitational waves that Albert Einstein predicted, but that had never been detected until now.
The new resident quickly built a good relationship with the community.
The new restaurant on Park Street is very good.
The new restaurant on Park Street isn't very good.
The new restaurant opened last week.
The new restaurant was making the owners money hand over fist.
The new road will benefit the people living in the hills.
The new road will reach here.
The new robot, dubbed “Flipperbot,” was designed to allow scientists to learn more about the locomotion of animals such as seals, sea turtles and mudskippers.
The new rotas are in the office.
The new rotas are now available.
The new rotas were showing on the wall.
The new rule holds good in this case.
The new rule will require all workers as well as patrons of businesses to be vaccinated.
The new rules will supersede the old ones.
The new school building is expected to be completed by spring next year.
The new school building is expected to be completed in summer the year after next.
The new school building is the boast of the village.
The new school failed to take into account the special needs of young people.
The new school is of simple and modern construction.
The new school semester has started.
The new school year begins in April in Japan.
The new sci-fi franchise, The Expanse, fascinates me, although I have seen only snippets of it in videos and writing. It reinforces my tendency to think that humanity will spend a long time, centuries, within the Solar System. Travel outside the Sun's peripheries will be difficult, as faster-than-light travel seems impossible with current science. Travelling at the speed of light to the nearest star system, the triple-star Alpha Centauri, would take more than four years if it were possible.
The new season premiers October 20th.
The new season's T.V. programs are as much old hat as ever.
The new season’s T.V. programs are as much old hat as ever.
The new secretary doesn't strike me as efficient.
The new secretary doesn’t strike me as efficient.
The new secretary types about 70 words per minute.
The new secretary types faster than the old one.
The new section chief seems to spend most of his time finding fault with the work of his men.
The new semester has started.
The new sentence design will completely replace the old one.
The new server should have much better performance.
The new shoes pinch my feet.
The new shopping mall that opened last week closes at midnight every night.
The new situation makes it harder for the Indian government to combat the spread of the AIDS virus.
The new skyscraper, which will consist of two intertwined 1212-meter towers, is expected to be completed in 2022.
The new sofa goes with the curtains.
The new software enables me to work from home.
The new software's GUI is user-friendly and efficient.
The new species belonged to a group of pterosaurs known as anhanguerians, which inhabited every continent during the latter part of the age of dinosaurs.
The new spending is fueled by Tom's large bank account.
The new sports complex is nice and big.
The new star player, who joined with much fanfare, was behaving with such abandon that he was admonished by the coach.
The new station building is under construction and will be completed soon.
The new store is going to open next week.
The new store opens next week.
The new strain has rapidly infected many more people than the earlier iterations.
The new street is being built.
The new student became friends with Ken.
The new student does not fit in here at school.
The new students are forced to submit under actions of degradation and intimidation.
The new students entered the hall full of hope.
The new study called Reefs at Risk Revisited is an update of a report first issued in 1998. It makes use of newly-available data and higher-resolution satellite mapping technology. And for the first time, it considers the impact of climate change along with other factors, on these fragile marine organisms.
The new study lends credence to the theory that an octopus is intelligent and thoughtful.
The new style seems to have caught on this year.
The new subway enables me to get to school in 20 minutes.
The new supermarket is on Park Street.
The new supermarket was opened last month.
The new supervisor? He's not very original - pretty much like the rest.
The new supervisor? He’s not very original - pretty much like the rest.
The new surge coincides with an acute shortage of vaccines in some Indian states, along with the annual Kumbh Mela, or pitcher festival, on the Ganges River, where millions of Hindu devotees bathe to seek absolution, raising fears it could evolve into a superspreader event.
The new system comes into force from next month.
The new system proved a success.
The new tablet costs a fortune.
The new tablet costs an arm and a leg.
The new tax law is full of loopholes.
The new tax laws will benefit people on low wages.
The new tax marginalizes poor people.
The new tax system comes into effect next year.
The new teacher asked me what my name was and I told him.
The new teacher clicked with the students.
The new teacher developed a rapport with the pupils straight away.
The new teacher got on well with the pupils from the word go.
The new teacher hit it off with the pupils from the outset.
The new teacher is clearly better. Lessons are much more interesting now.
The new teacher is fresh from college.
The new teacher is in the class.
The new teacher is in the classroom.
The new teacher is more like a friend than a teacher.
The new teacher was a disappointment to the class.
The new team has the capability to win.
The new technique allows for rapid prototyping.
The new technology in these super telescopes will produce images 10 times sharper than those from the Hubble, even though they are ground-based.
The new telescope was shipped in a huge wooden box.
The new term has started.
The new term starts in April in Japan.
The new term starts in April.
The new theory is too abstract for ordinary people.
The new tie goes with your jacket.
The new timetable is a nightmare!
The new timetable is a nightmare.
The new title has good connotations.
The new topographical data shows a more complex moon than previously thought, one bombarded by two distinct populations of asteroids or comets in its turbulent early history.
The new topographical data shows a more complex moon than previously thought, one bombarded by two distinct populations of asteroids or comets in its turbulent early history. The record of those ancient bombardments, which also pummeled the young Earth, is preserved in the moon's heavily cratered surface.
The new towel rack is in the box.
The new trade accord will pump fresh blood into the international economy.
The new traffic regulations come into force tomorrow.
The new train station is under construction and will be completed soon.
The new tram is open to the paying public for the first time.
The new trendy way to drink vodka is to pour it directly into your eye socket. However, doing so could seriously damage your vision.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
The new tunnel will link Britain and France.
The new tunnel will link Great Britain and France.
The new update is coming soon.
The new vacancies will be filled by more than 500 administrative officials.
The new vacuum came with a thick booklet of instructions in twenty-one languages.
The new venture was financed by a group of entrepreneurs.
The new version of Tatoeba will allow linking people, and even editing them!
The new version of the app wasn't working very well, so I had to downgrade it.
The new virus turns people into zombies.
The new waiter should be much more competent.
The new ways threaten the old ways.
The new windshield cost Yanni a fortune.
The new wing will open in October.
The new year drew closer.
The new year is a great time to focus on what's most important to you.
The new year is a time to be optimistic about what's to come.
The new year is a time to set new goals for yourself.
The new year is approaching.
The new year is coming with long strides.
The new year started with an embarrassing diplomatic crisis between the two nations.
The new year will begin.
The new year will bring changes.
The new year will come in an hour.
The new, more diverse faculty groupings formulated a few rather left-field research questions.
The new-comers were Colonel Lysander Stark and a short, thick man with a chinchilla beard growing out of the creases of his double chin, who was introduced to me as Mr. Ferguson.
The newborn calf couldn't catch up with the herd running from the jaguar.
The newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes.
The newborn giraffe stumbled around on rickety legs.
The newborn got a beautiful name.
The newborn is adorable.
The newborn lamb bleated loudly, drawing Matthew's attention to its mother.
The newcomer carried off the first prize.
The newcomer fell short of our expectation.
The newcomer sat down at the foot of the table.
The newcomer stuttered when he was nervous.
The newcomer will dress them.
The newcomers cultivated the immense wilderness.
The newcomers were quickly absorbed into the community.
The newcomers will have to compete with each other for a promotion.
The newer cars are at least ten thousand dollars more expensive than the earlier ones from the nineties.
The newest staff members get all the donkey work when they're at the bottom of the ladder.
The newest staff members get all the donkey work when they’re at the bottom of the ladder.
The newest version uses facial-recognition software to validate a login.
The newly appointed prime minister hastened to declare that the new government's main objective is to carry out the president's decisions.
The newly discovered cemetery adds another chapter to the long and layered history of the region.
The newly discovered planet is relatively near us, about 15 light years from Earth. It is not precisely like our home planet, but a bigger cousin, estimated to be six to eight times Earth's mass, twice the diameter, and so close to its star that it takes less than two days to orbit, making its temperatures oven-like. The star itself is only one-third the mass of our Sun.
The newly discovered species, named Siats meekerorum after a cannibalistic man-eating monster from Native American tribal legend, is one of the three largest carnivorous dinosaurs ever found in North America.
The newly elected president is something of a poet.
The newly hatched baby birds were way too feathery.
The newly married couple walked hand in hand.
The newly married couple went away to the mountains.
The newly promoted junior manager, drunk with power, lorded it over his former co-workers.
The newly redeemed nation of Israel experienced Passover through Pentecost­ from leaving Egypt, their place of bondage, up to receiving the covenant from God at Sinai.
The newly released study, which looks at 700 million years of evolution, concludes that elements of the human genome work in the same way as the genome of the prehistoric sea sponge.
The newly reopened section of the museum will house additional exhibitions when the restoration project has been finished.
The newly-discovered Kepler-90i – a sizzling hot, rocky planet that orbits its star once every 14.4 days – was found using machine learning.
The newly-elected mayor used to be a pro wrestler.
The newly-elected politician flew in on his private jet to attend his first sitting of parliament.
The newly-opened jewelry shop took away some of my best customers.
The newly-weds spent their honeymoon on the beach.
The newly-weds went on a trip to the mountains.
The newly-weds were spending their honeymoon on the beach.
The newlyweds are leaving the church.
The newlyweds just left the church.
The newlyweds set off for a trip to the mountains.
The news about Tom's death made me sad.
The news about the virus was just a hoax.
The news added to his anxiety.
The news added to our happiness.
The news agency had access, with exclusivity, to the security cameras that recorded the crime.
The news anchor announced he wasn't wearing any pants.
The news annoyed her very much.
The news article painted the defendant as a guilty man, even though he had been proven innocent.
The news broke her heart.
The news broke his heart.
The news brought her a lot of publicity.
The news came as a bit of a shock.
The news came as a huge shock to Tom.
The news came as a huge shock.
The news came out of the blue.
The news can be found on all media.
The news can't all be bad.
The news can't be true.
The news can’t be true.
The news caught us completely off guard.
The news caught us completely unawares.
The news caused a great sensation.
The news caused a great stir.
The news caused a huge stir.
The news caused alarm throughout the village.
The news caused her much pain.
The news caused him to explode with anger.
The news completely wrong-footed us.
The news confirmed my suspicions.
The news covered the train crash.
The news covers celebrity rehab stories extensively enough to avoid talking about war or corruption.
The news created a lot of confusion.
The news dashed our hopes.
The news dealt him a heavy blow.
The news deeply disturbed Tom.
The news delighted her.
The news delighted him.
The news depressed him very much.
The news didn't come as a huge shock to Tom.
The news didn't come as a huge shock.
The news didn't make Ziri fall apart.
The news didn't surprise Tom.
The news didn't surprise us.
The news didn't trouble Tom.
The news didn't upset Tom at all.
The news distressed her.
The news disturbed her greatly.
The news encouraged Tom.
The news filled her with sorrow.
The news filled me with astonishment.
The news finally reached me last night.
The news flew like wildfire.
The news forecasts fine weather, but it seems like it is going to rain.
The news frightened me.
The news from Boston isn't good.
The news got about.
The news gratified us.
The news had a great impact on us.
The news had an impact on him.
The news has just come on the radio.
The news hit Tom like a ton of bricks.
The news hit me like a bolt from the blue.
The news interview under investigation follows the conventional pattern of the turn-taking system, which consists of answers following questions.
The news is a place where they start with "Good evening", and then continue telling you why it is in fact not so.
The news is alarming enough these days.
The news is always the same.
The news is bad.
The news is creating a stir.
The news is fiction.
The news is good today.
The news is of great importance.
The news is of little importance.
The news is on.
The news is too good to be true.
The news isn't all good.
The news isn't good.
The news isn't new to me.
The news leaked out.
The news left me uneasy.
The news left me wondering what would happen next.
The news made everyone afraid.
The news made her happy.
The news made her sad.
The news made her very sad.
The news made him dizzy.
The news made him feel deeply sad.
The news made him happy.
The news made him sad.
The news made me happy.
The news made me want to scream with joy.
The news made my hair stand on end.
The news made them happy.
The news made us happy.
The news makes us uneasy.
The news may be true.
The news may well be true.
The news media is taking advantage of the situation.
The news media today puts the "circuses" in "bread and circuses".
The news mentioned the accident.
The news moved him deeply.
The news never tells the truth and the truth never becomes news.
The news never tells the truth, and the truth is never news.
The news of Fadil's death devastated the hospital staff.
The news of Layla's pregnancy was met with mixed reactions.
The news of Mary's pregnancy will soon get around.
The news of Russian election interference will roil parliament.
The news of Yuri's death put Martha in a stupor.
The news of her arrival added to our excitement.
The news of her arrival excited the crowd.
The news of her death came as a bolt from the blue.
The news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue.
The news of her victory will break in the evening paper.
The news of his arrival added to our excitement.
The news of his death came like a bolt from out of the blue.
The news of his death comes as new cases have spiked in Tokyo, with the city's governor warning of an explosive spread of the virus in the region.
The news of his death reached as a bolt from the blue.
The news of his death spread abroad.
The news of his death spread around.
The news of his death spread.
The news of his safe arrival delighted his family.
The news of his son's death was a great shock.
The news of his son’s death was a great shock.
The news of his sudden death astounded me.
The news of his sudden death was like thunder on a sunny day.
The news of my death has been greatly exaggerated.
The news of the FTC opening an investigation into the company fomented panic among investors.
The news of the accident caused public alarm.
The news of the accident was a great shock to me.
The news of the accident was only too true.
The news of the accident was sent out at once over the radio.
The news of the air accident left me uneasy.
The news of the company's bankruptcy didn't come as a surprise to anyone.
The news of the death of his son was a shock.
The news of the fire in the factory caused a sensation.
The news of the mayor's resignation traveled fast.
The news of the mayor’s resignation traveled fast.
The news of the merger of the two companies broke yesterday.
The news of the prime minister's resignation took us by surprise.
The news of the prime minister’s resignation took us by surprise.
The news of their marriage spread throughout the village.
The news on TV never tells the whole story.
The news only brought the family pain and suffering.
The news overwhelmed her. She struggled for words.
The news paralyzed him.
The news proved to be true.
The news put an end to our hopes.
The news quickly spread.
The news reached us too late.
The news report only told one side of the story.
The news report spread all over the country.
The news saddened her greatly.
The news saddened her.
The news saddened me.
The news said Tom Jackson died of a heart attack.
The news said that Tom Jackson died of a heart attack.
The news says that there was a big earthquake in Greece.
The news shocked everyone.
The news shocked many.
The news shocked me.
The news shocked the public.
The news shook me.
The news soon spread abroad.
The news soon spread all over the village.
The news soon spread that he was on his way.
The news spread abroad.
The news spread across all of Europe.
The news spread all over Japan.
The news spread all over the town.
The news spread fast.
The news spread like wildfire.
The news spread little by little.
The news spread quickly by word of mouth.
The news spread quickly that Tom had been shot.
The news spread quickly through Avonlea.
The news spread quickly.
The news spread.
The news spreads fast.
The news surprised Tom.
The news surprised him as much as it did me.
The news surprised us much.
The news that Mary was pregnant stunned Tom.
The news that Sami was having an affair was devastating to Layla.
The news that Tom had died surprised everybody.
The news that Tom had died surprised everyone.
The news that Tom had left Mary for another woman spread quickly amongst their circle of friends.
The news that Tom had won surprised everybody.
The news that Tom had won surprised everyone.
The news that a vaccine against the coronavirus may be on the horizon is raising hopes that the end of the COVID-19 pandemic may be in sight.
The news that he brought delighted us.
The news that he died was a shock to me.
The news that he had got injured was a shock to her.
The news that he had succeeded delighted them.
The news that he was still alive reached us.
The news that he would come, quickly got abroad.
The news that her husband had been killed in an accident was a great shock to her.
The news that her son was injured in the accident was a great shock to her.
The news that his father had had a heart attack shocked Tom.
The news that she died is false.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
The news that she had married was a great shock to him.
The news that the president was killed surprised them.
The news that the school had been burned down soon spread though the town.
The news that the school had been burned down soon spread through the town.
The news that there was an earthquake turned out to be true.
The news took Tom's breath away.
The news took him by surprise.
The news took us by surprise.
The news traveled all around Europe.
The news travelled.
The news troubled Tom.
The news turned Sami's stomach.
The news turned out false.
The news turned out to be false.
The news turned out to be true.
The news turned out true in a week.
The news upset her deeply.
The news upset her terribly.
The news upset her very much.
The news upset me.
The news upset you, didn't it?
The news was a blow to him.
The news was a load off his mind.
The news was about my company, so it struck close to home.
The news was all about the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The news was censored for the time being.
The news was chilling, to say the least.
The news was devastating.
The news was not confirmed.
The news was on.
The news was radioed to us.
The news was rushed into print.
The news was sensational.
The news was so shocking for him that he spilled the teacup on the white shirt.
The news was startling.
The news was suppressed for the time being.
The news was surprising.
The news was told to me by Ito.
The news was unbelievably terrible.
The news was very surprising to her.
The news was well received.
The news will certainly devastate him.
The news will definitely galvanize the public into protesting the matter.
The newscaster puts too much emphasis on the food crisis.
The newsman has a nose for news.
The newspaper alleged his involvement in the crime.
The newspaper always keeps us informed of the events taking place in the world.
The newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers.
The newspaper boy delivers in all weather.
The newspaper boy delivers newspapers no matter what the weather is like.
The newspaper boy delivers papers in any kind of weather.
The newspaper called for the government to stop inflation.
The newspaper comes out twice a month.
The newspaper company has ten aircraft.
The newspaper costs less than the book.
The newspaper declared for the Republican candidate.
The newspaper extracted several passages from the speech.
The newspaper had very good pictures.
The newspaper has a daily circulation of 200,000 and an estimated 1.3 million readers.
The newspaper has a large circulation.
The newspaper has not yet published your article.
The newspaper hasn't published his article yet.
The newspaper hasn't published our article yet.
The newspaper hasn't published your article yet.
The newspaper hasn't yet published your article.
The newspaper hasn't yet run your article.
The newspaper is by your side.
The newspaper is delivered to my doorstep every morning by the local delivery boy.
The newspaper is free.
The newspaper is from yesterday.
The newspaper is of great value in the world today.
The newspaper is on the table next to the window.
The newspaper is yours.
The newspaper published a hilarious parody of the president's speech.
The newspaper published a hilarious parody of the president’s speech.
The newspaper publishes the most important facts.
The newspaper recalled the special correspondent to the main office in Tokyo.
The newspaper reflects public opinion.
The newspaper reported friction between the two parties.
The newspaper reported the death of the statesman.
The newspaper reports the prime minister has died of cancer.
The newspaper said another war broke out in Africa.
The newspaper said that XYZ oil company went belly-up today.
The newspaper said that a lion escaped from the zoo, and that it could now be in any part of the city.
The newspaper said that a typhoon was approaching.
The newspaper said that contact with the plane had been lost.
The newspaper says that he committed suicide.
The newspaper says that she committed suicide.
The newspaper says that the typhoon hit Kyushu.
The newspaper should be delivered by 7 o'clock in the morning.
The newspaper should be delivered by 7 o’clock in the morning.
The newspaper subscription fee is the same this year as it was last.
The newspaper subscription fee is the same this year as the previous year.
The newspaper supplies news.
The newspaper told of the mother's anguish at the death of her son.
The newspaper told of the mother’s anguish at the death of her son.
The newspaper was mired in scandal when it was discovered that some of its reporters had engaged in the phone hacking of several high-profile individuals.
The newspaper wrote that the president’s speech was largely uninspiring and likely did little to quiet his critics.
The newspaperman should get his facts straight.
The newspapers are full of articles about us.
The newspapers devoted a lot of space to the affair.
The newspapers didn't publish anything.
The newspapers don't have anything to write about.
The newspapers gave a lot of space to the affair.
The newspapers opened fire on the politician.
The newspapers secured a copy of the confidential document.
The newt disappeared into the dark depths of the river.
The newton is the unit of measure of force.
The next 30 bus should be at Park and Main at 2:30.
The next 30 bus should be here at 2:30.
The next Berber word starts with a consonant.
The next English test will be open-dictionary.
The next Hikari arrives at 9:15.
The next Shinkansen train leaves at just nine o'clock.
The next Shinkansen train leaves at just nine o’clock.
The next Summer Games will be held in Paris in 2024.
The next World Cup will be held in America.
The next World Cup will be held in Brazil.
The next act is worth sticking around for.
The next alien attack will happen in northern Germany.
The next artist is amazing.
The next bus came thirty minutes later.
The next bus leaves at 2:30.
The next candidate turned out to be extremely incompetent.
The next city I'm going visit is Boston.
The next class starts in five minutes.
The next classroom is very noisy.
The next client arrived at 11:00 AM and said he was feeling really tense and stressed.
The next client arrived at 11:00 AM.
The next concert will take place in June.
The next concert will take place in October.
The next convention will take place on Wednesday two weeks from now.
The next day I came back, and I had a new waitress.
The next day I plunged back into crisis.
The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
The next day John was there again with two of his disciples.
The next day Tom didn't get out of bed.
The next day at the newspaper office he drew a bun which contained a dachshund inside - not a dachshund sausage, but a dachshund.
The next day brought a similar scene, grey skies with a hazy sun not falling below the horizon, but simply fading out while up in the sky.
The next day he went away.
The next day my companion wrote out a summary of what the Governor had said and I had tried to say in reply.
The next day passed much the same as the day before.
The next day passed slowly.
The next day the battery was flat again.
The next day the hussar was worse.
The next day the two sisters went to the ball, and so did Cinderella, but dressed more magnificently than before.
The next day the wreck of the ship was discovered on the shore.
The next day was Christmas Day.
The next day was Ziri's day off.
The next day was a cloudy chilly one.
The next day was partly cloudy and warm.
The next day was pretty similar to the first.
The next day went really well.
The next day when they awoke, the sun was already high in the sky.
The next day, Feb. 5, he filed a complaint with district police alleging negligence by the midwife.
The next day, I bought a jackfruit.
The next day, I couldn't walk a single step.
The next day, I couldn't walk a step.
The next day, I couldn't walk at all.
The next day, I didn't get up until noon.
The next day, I saw the girl.
The next day, I went to the river.
The next day, Isabela came back home.
The next day, Janos overslept.
The next day, Lajos didn't show up.
The next day, Matthew went hiking and explored the nearby trails.
The next day, Tom came back home.
The next day, Tom couldn't walk at all.
The next day, Tom told Mary that he liked her.
The next day, Tom was walking with a limp.
The next day, William flew to Algeria.
The next day, Ziri packed up his bags and left.
The next day, Ziri went back to school.
The next day, and for many days after, Gerda played with the flowers in the warm sunshine.
The next day, as he checked the camera, he noticed two eggs in the nest.
The next day, at suppertime, I was introduced to her husband.
The next day, he happily teased me about it.
The next day, he told her he liked her.
The next day, he told her that he liked her.
The next day, she changed her mind.
The next day, the cold was cured.
The next day, the tribunal sentenced him to death.
The next day, we started shooting the movie.
The next discussion concerns the transplantation of prenatal tissues.
The next dungeon is hard, but it's got very valuable loot.
The next ferry isn't until tomorrow morning.
The next few days passed very pleasantly.
The next few days will be of key importance.
The next few years won't be a walk in the park.
The next few years won't be easy for us.
The next flight is at 10:00.
The next flight is at 2:30.
The next four to six weeks are crucial in controlling the Ebola outbreak.
The next four to six weeks are crucial in controlling the massive Ebola outbreak.
The next game is always the hardest.
The next game is the hardest!
The next generation will never know racism.
The next holiday falls on a Sunday.
The next instant Hercules caught hold of the monster.
The next is yours.
The next issue of our magazine is all about the Berber language.
The next issue of the magazine is long overdue.
The next issue will feature articles on divorce.
The next line was to fill out a form that declared where we were coming from and where we were going.
The next match is always the hardest.
The next match will be between Brazil and Korea.
The next meeting will be held at Tom's new residence.
The next meeting will be on October twentieth.
The next meeting will be on the tenth of June.
The next meeting will be on the twentieth of October.
The next meeting will take place in a few days.
The next meeting will take place on 10 June.
The next month he achieved his first NHL shutout and showed the talent of an NHL super goalie.
The next morning I asked him to let me stay at his house all day to rest.
The next morning I found him traveling by train.
The next morning I had a terrible hangover.
The next morning I woke to see the fruit trees in bloom underneath my window.
The next morning Tom got up and carried off the goose under his arm. He took no notice at all of the three girls.
The next morning Tom said it was a mistake.
The next morning Tom said that it was a mistake.
The next morning broke silently, and with the rising of the sun the plantation bell or the conch called the bondman and bondwoman into the cane-fields.
The next morning found him dead in his bathroom.
The next morning found him famous throughout the village.
The next morning found him on a spaceship.
The next morning found him traveling by bus.
The next morning he felt a bit better.
The next morning he found a handwritten letter in the letterbox.
The next morning he put his hand under the cushion, hoping to find under it gold.
The next morning it was blowing a gale, and we had to delay the ascent.
The next morning the White Duck wandered round the pond, looking for her little ones; she called and she searched, but could find no trace of them.
The next morning the ship entered the harbour of the neighbouring king's magnificent city.
The next morning the veterinary—that is, the animal doctor—declared that he would be lame for the rest of his life.
The next morning we heard of Mr. Drebber's mysterious death.
The next morning, Daniel got down to business.
The next morning, David went to the hospital.
The next morning, Dima got out of the dumpster, but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage.
The next morning, Link woke up at seven o'clock, refreshed and brimming with anticipation. "Gee!" he stretched luxuriously and pressed the button on top of the Kingface alarm clock. "Oh boy, the day has finally come! I can't wait!" he mused on his way to the dining hall. "Morning, Link," the King gave him his typical greeting. "Munf-Munf? We ran outta Linky-O's. Gwonam has eaten them all." 
"Problem, guys?" said Gwonam with a smirk, but neither paid any attention to it. "Wow, thanks!" Link dug in enthusiastically, disregarding the strong taste that nearly made his eyes bulge. It was his own fault he let Gwonam beat him to it, after all.
The next morning, Tom came on board.
The next morning, Tom was dead.
The next morning, Tom was found dead.
The next morning, Ziri overslept.
The next morning, Ziri woke up alone.
The next morning, after having eaten, I thought about what had happened last night while sitting at my desk.
The next morning, he vanished without any explanation.
The next morning, he was gone.
The next morning, he was onboard the spaceship.
The next morning, the snowman had completely melted.
The next morning, the storm had passed, and the sun was shining brightly over the Mediterranean.
The next morning, to our great relief, he returned home safe and sound.
The next morning, we ate breakfast together.
The next night I came and I had the same new waitress.
The next night, I did not sleep well.
The next night, I didn't sleep well.
The next of kin have been notified.
The next official marine environment report is due in three years.
The next one's for you.
The next one's on me.
The next pandemic could be even worse.
The next passage will be on Thursday.
The next place I'm going to go to is Boston.
The next president of the US will be a 100-year-old man who won't hear anything, won't see anything, won't be capable of putting together a whole sentence, and will forget everything every other minute.
The next question is for Tom.
The next question is for her.
The next question is for him.
The next question is for you.
The next reception will begin at 3:00 p.m. Please wait for a moment.
The next room was creepier than the other.
The next scene is worth staying for.
The next sentence has adjectives and adverbs.
The next sentence is a lie.
The next sentence is false.
The next song I'm going to sing is one I wrote just last night.
The next song I'm going to sing is one I wrote last summer.
The next song I'm going to sing was written by Tom Jackson.
The next song is an oldie but a goodie.
The next song is in French.
The next stage of clinical trials — to begin testing MMV048’s effectiveness in humans infected with malaria — is likely to begin later this year. Human trials will determine the drug’s proper dose and how often it needs to be given to protect against malaria.
The next stage of the investigation is the analysis of the results obtained.
The next stage was to enter a good arts school.
The next station is where you get off.
The next step is simple.
The next step promises to be difficult, as Britain negotiates its future relationship the EU, especially on trade matters.
The next step was to negotiate terms of a peace treaty.
The next step was to sign the document.
The next step will be to see whether brainwaves generated not by hearing a word but by just thinking it could also be converted electronically into speech.
The next stop is "Berlin Central Station".
The next stop is Aquincum.
The next stop is Berlin Central Station.
The next test will be harder.
The next thing I say?
The next thing to be considered was food.
The next thing you know, you'll be in the papers.
The next three minutes were a blur.
The next three months were a blur.
The next three trains go to the North.
The next time I see Tom, I'm going to tell him that.
The next time I tell you to do something, do it.
The next time I visit Boston, I'd like to stay at the Hilton Hotel.
The next time I visit Boston, I'd like to stay at the hotel you told me about.
The next time I'm in Australia, I'll try to visit you.
The next time I'm in Boston, I'll try to visit you.
The next time that I see Tom, I'm going to tell him that.
The next time that I see you, you will be quite different.
The next time we go on holiday, let's go somewhere off the beaten track.
The next time will be better!
The next time will surely be better.
The next time you do that, I'm going to spank you.
The next time you do that, you're fired.
The next time you enjoy filet mignon at the club, send word to the chef that it was excellently prepared, and when a tired salesperson shows you unusual courtesy, please mention it.
The next time you go to the supermarket, buy some toilet paper.
The next time you see Tom, he'll be in an orange jumpsuit.
The next time you'll come with me.
The next time you're planning on doing that, let me know.
The next time you're planning to do that, let me know.
The next town Ziri wanted to visit was Tigzirt.
The next town over was forty miles away.
The next train arriving at platform 2 will depart for Shibuya at 4:35pm.
The next train for the airport will depart from platform two.
The next train leaves at 11:15.
The next train to arrive was from Chicago.
The next train to the airport departs from platform 2.
The next train will be less crowded than this one.
The next two years are not expected to be prosperous.
The next two years were busy ones for Jackson.
The next verse is even more touching.
The next wave of economic dislocations won't come from overseas. It will come from the relentless pace of automation that makes a lot of good, middle-class jobs obsolete.
The next year, World War I broke out.
The next year.
The next, please.
The next-door neighbor looked out the window when Tom yelled.
The next-door neighbour's guest is a guest who eats lots of persimmons.
The nice thing about Hungarian is there's no gender.
The nice thing about Tatoeba is that we're constantly finding out new and exciting things about Maria and Tom.
The nice thing about buses is you don't have to drive.
The nice thing about capitalism is the money.
The nice thing about not living in the future Jordan Peterson wants is that Elliot Page is free to get life-saving surgery without thinking about how it will affect Peterson's boner.
The nice thing about spring is that it always comes just when you need it.
The nice thing about the future is that it starts today.
The nice young man, in order to avoid embarrassing questions, presented the crazy woman as his sister.
The nicest flower I've ever seen is the orchid.
The nicknames you created were impolite.
The nicknames you used to create weren't polite.
The niece is the brother's daughter.
The niece looks like her aunt.
The night became day.
The night before Christmas is Christmas Eve.
The night before we were to be married, she had an affair with my best friend.
The night before, Vladimir went to the movies.
The night breathes peace.
The night brings clarity.
The night bus service was suspended, so I decided to spend the night at my friend's house.
The night came terribly upon them both.
The night cradles forgotten dreams.
The night cradles his dreams.
The night cradles peace.
The night cradles the weary soul.
The night descended gradually.
The night dragged on.
The night embraces her.
The night eye caught all, whilst the king slept. Upon awakening he was informed of the treachery afoot.
The night falls fast in winter.
The night goes on!
The night guard didn't hear the thieves.
The night harms me.
The night has gone well.
The night has just begun.
The night has started!
The night holds its secrets.
The night inspires me.
The night is cold.
The night is dark and cold.
The night is dark and full of terrors.
The night is dark.
The night is darkest before dawn.
The night is darkest just before the dawn.
The night is dusky.
The night is for the hunters and they hunt you and me.
The night is her ally, quiet and sure.
The night is her companion.
The night is hot.
The night is just beginning.
The night is long for those that cannot sleep.
The night is long.
The night is my accomplice.
The night is so dark.
The night is still young.
The night is the end of the day.
The night is upon us.
The night is young.
The night life in New York is better.
The night listens to every unspoken word.
The night looked so beautiful.
The night offers peace.
The night porter will open the door for you.
The night proceeded as normal.
The night reveals truths hidden by day.
The night school offers courses on English, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Polish, and Greek.
The night shift was uneventful most of the time.
The night sky above the city illumined in green.
The night sky above the city illumined in purple.
The night sky above the city illumined in violet.
The night sky is beautiful and awe-inspiring.
The night sky is filled with constellations that have guided explorers for centuries.
The night sky is so beautiful.
The night sky mirrors her thoughts.
The night sky over the city is cloudless.
The night sky was adorned with white clouds.
The night sky was dark blue, and the stars were twinkling.
The night sky was full of stars.
The night sky was inky black.
The night sky was painted with countless stars on black canvas.
The night sky was pitch black.
The night sky was studded with stars on a background of black.
The night started coming in.
The night view of Tokyo is wonderful.
The night was an utter disaster.
The night was beautiful.
The night was bitter cold.
The night was calm and black.
The night was calm and pitch black.
The night was calm and quiet.
The night was calm, and the sky black.
The night was calm, the sea a vast expanse of black.
The night was calm.
The night was clear and fine above us.
The night was clear and frosty.
The night was clear, and the stars sparkled in the black sky.
The night was cold and black.
The night was cold and pitch black.
The night was cold.
The night was colder than expected.
The night was cool.
The night was dark and stormy. Three robbers sat in a cave. Said one to another. Bill, tell us a story. And this is how it began.
The night was dark and the streets were empty.
The night was dark, and the sky was pure black.
The night was dark.
The night was far advanced.
The night was inky black.
The night was just getting started.
The night was long.
The night was particularly silent.
The night was pitch black and starry.
The night was pitch black.
The night was pitch-black. There was no star in the sky, no breeze, no murmur of water in the stream, not a single sound on the ground, no fragrance of meadows or forest flowers.
The night was pitch-dark. There wasn't the faintest star in the sky or a breath of wind. There was no babbling stream, there wasn't a single sound anywhere, and no smell of meadows or forest flowers.
The night was quiet and black.
The night was quiet and the stars were beautiful.
The night was quiet, and the sky was black.
The night was quiet, the sky a vast, starlit black canvas.
The night was serene, the sky a sea of velvety black.
The night was silent again.
The night was silent and black.
The night was silent and the sky jet black.
The night was silent, and the darkness was all-encompassing.
The night was silent, and the forest lay still and black.
The night was silent, and the forest was a sea of black.
The night was silent.
The night was so chilly that when I returned I was almost frozen.
The night was so cold.
The night was so dark that we couldn't see, even in front of our noses.
The night was so dark, almost as dark as her heart.
The night was so wet that no one was about, so Charpentier dragged the body of his victim into the empty house.
The night was still and black.
The night was still, and the sky was black.
The night was still.
The night was tranquil, the sky clear and inky black.
The night was tranquil, with a sky filled with countless stars.
The night was very dark, and a thin, warm rain was falling.
The night was very dark.
The night was very still.
The night watches over those who dream.
The night watchman has a police dog.
The night went on.
The night whispers gently.
The night whispers secrets.
The night whispers wisdom.
The night will be cold.
The night wore on, and the storm showed no sign of abating.
The night's still young.
The nightclub is closed.
The nightingale is singing.
The nightingale sings in the tree.
The nightingale sings.
The nightingale was on a branch.
The nightingale was sitting on a branch.
The nightlife is better in New York.
The nightmare always begins every night.
The nightmare is finally over.
The nightmare ruined my whole day.
The nights are always getting darker. They're turning the lights on later.
The nights are beautiful.
The nights are becoming shorter.
The nights are cool, but the days are hot.
The nights are drawing in.
The nights are getting longer because autumn is coming.
The nights are getting longer now that it is autumn.
The nights are getting shorter.
The nights are long in winter.
The nights are long.
The nights get cold in the mountains.
The nighttime in the area was intimidating, to say the least.
The nine astronauts — seven men and two women — waved and pumped their fists into the air as they appeared on stage to cheers from the crowd.
The nine siblings – five male and four female – were children of the same father and mother.
The nine-minute-long YouTube video (an abridged version of the original speech) has received over four million views in just about a week.
The nineteen islands that make up the Galapagos lie along the equator one thousand kilometers west of Ecuador.
The nineteenth century gave birth to Marxism and Freudianism.
The nineteenth century was the age of the white man's civilization.
The nineteenth century was the age of the white man’s civilization.
The nineteenth most common letter in Esperanto is B.
The nineties generation in tennis has been utterly useless so far, exasperated fans say.
The ninth pub on their pub crawl was a free house.
The nitrite reacts with an aromatic amine to form a diazonium salt.
The nitwit chef burned the entire dish, ruining the dinner.
The nitwit driver cut me off in traffic and nearly caused an accident.
The nitwit forgot to bring the key, and now we're locked out of the house.
The nobility and gentry of Scotland, at this period, were remarkable even to extravagance for the number of their servants, whose services were easily purchased in a country where men were numerous beyond proportion to the means of employing them.
The nobility stay noble in poverty, while the upstarts show no dignity.
The noble Countess of Ahlefeld blushed and grew pale.
The noble has many lands.
The noble knight held his breath as he gazed at the beautiful princess.
The noble lady drove by towards the baron's mansion with her three daughters, in a gilded carriage drawn by six horses.
The noble man leaves out of his sense of nobility, while the ignoble man says "He was afraid of me."
The nobles of the court asked her where were the children of Lir.
The noblewoman's manner of talking makes me nervous.
The nocebo effect is the opposite of the placebo effect.
The noes have it !
The noes have it ! The noes have it !
The noes have it.
The noise abruptly stopped.
The noise alarmed the whole town.
The noise awoke me from my sleep.
The noise became more intense.
The noise became quieter, until it was heard no more.
The noise bothers me.
The noise came from Claudio's room.
The noise came from Ziri's dog.
The noise came from somewhere in there.
The noise came from the basement.
The noise caused Lorenzo to cower in fear.
The noise caused me to jump back.
The noise ceased.
The noise continued for hours.
The noise continued for several hours.
The noise continued unabated.
The noise continued.
The noise developed.
The noise didn't bother Tom.
The noise didn't bother me.
The noise didn't distract Felix from his reading.
The noise didn't fade away completely.
The noise didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
The noise didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The noise didn't seem to bother Tom.
The noise died down.
The noise distracted him from studying.
The noise distracted the soldiers, giving Ziri a chance to come out and escape.
The noise disturbed his sleep.
The noise disturbed my sleep.
The noise disturbs me.
The noise doesn't bother me.
The noise doesn't bother us.
The noise doesn't seem to bother Tom.
The noise evolved.
The noise finally stopped.
The noise frightened Santiago to the core.
The noise frightened the baby.
The noise from the construction site next door is really aggravating me.
The noise from the street affected our work.
The noise from the traffic outside made it difficult to sleep.
The noise gets on my nerves.
The noise gives me a headache.
The noise got louder and louder.
The noise got on my nerves.
The noise gradually became louder.
The noise gradually began to subside.
The noise grew fainter, till it was heard no more.
The noise grew fainter, until it wasn't heard anymore.
The noise grew louder and louder.
The noise had my dog very upset.
The noise had reached a crescendo.
The noise had reached its crescendo.
The noise has stopped.
The noise hasn't stopped all day.
The noise in the street made conversation impossible.
The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous, for there were more children there, than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count.
The noise is becoming deafening.
The noise is coming from inside the wall.
The noise is deafening.
The noise is distracting.
The noise is disturbing me.
The noise is driving me crazy.
The noise is getting louder and louder.
The noise is giving me a headache.
The noise is going to wake the baby.
The noise is too much for me.
The noise just faded away.
The noise just kept going on and on and on.
The noise keeps getting louder.
The noise keeps the birds away.
The noise kept me awake all night.
The noise kept me awake.
The noise kept me from sleeping last night.
The noise kept me up all night.
The noise kept us awake all night.
The noise kept us awake.
The noise lessened gradually.
The noise made Stefan stop what he was doing.
The noise made Ziri freeze in place.
The noise made the dog bark.
The noise moved completely out of earshot.
The noise never happened again that day.
The noise obviously scared the hell out of me.
The noise of city life annoys me greatly.
The noise of festival / rings through the spacious courts, and rolls along the hall. / There, blazing from the gilded roof, are seen / bright lamps, and torches turn the night to day.
The noise of ice-breaking boats and other ships is extremely unsettling to marine mammals.
The noise of the heavy traffic kept me awake all night.
The noise of traffic prevented us from hearing what the man said.
The noise outside his window prevented him from sleeping.
The noise outside is bugging me and I'm not able to focus on study.
The noise pollution in that city was horrifying.
The noise quieted.
The noise resulted from an explosion.
The noise set the dog barking.
The noise shattered the eerie silence.
The noise sounded like a bell.
The noise spooked the horse.
The noise started around 2:30 a.m.
The noise started.
The noise startled Tom.
The noise startled him.
The noise stopped a bit after dawn.
The noise stopped for a moment.
The noise stopped.
The noise suddenly stopped.
The noise terrified Fyodor to his core.
The noise was a nuisance.
The noise was annoying Ziri.
The noise was at the back door.
The noise was barely audible.
The noise was ceaseless.
The noise was coming from above us.
The noise was coming from inside the house.
The noise was coming from the old mine.
The noise was deadened by the insulation.
The noise was deafening.
The noise was disturbing my reading.
The noise was enough to freak all of us out.
The noise was far off.
The noise was followed by tapping on the window.
The noise was getting louder and louder.
The noise was gradually moving away.
The noise was growing louder.
The noise was outside the tent.
The noise was quickly brought under control.
The noise was quiet.
The noise was quite loud.
The noise was so loud that it disturbed the neighbours.
The noise was so loud that it made Kalman cover his ears.
The noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors.
The noise wasn't constant.
The noise will wake the baby up.
The noise woke Tom up.
The noise woke her up.
The noise woke him up.
The noise woke me up.
The noise woke me.
The noise woke them up.
The noise woke us up.
The noise-cancelling is effective at both low and high frequencies.
The noises are completely gone.
The noises are getting on my nerves.
The noises became apparent again.
The noises behind me stopped.
The noises in the wall stopped.
The noises sent shivers down Ziri's spines.
The noises stopped.
The noises suddenly stopped.
The noises were coming from the living room.
The noises were getting closer.
The noises weren't coming from the attic.
The noisy headphones are that guy's.
The noisy headphones are that guy’s.
The noisy machine disturbs the silence.
The noisy of heavy traffic was such that the policeman could not make himself heard.
The nomads eat meat and milk products.
The nomads live in the steppe all year long.
The nomads spend the winter in the steppe.
The nominee was borked.
The non-chord tones in this section add some variety to the piece.
The non-slip mat in our shower has become an extra-slip mat.
The non-word for the year 2011 is "Döner murders".
The non-word of the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The nonfiction writer has published a new work.
The nonprofit Baltistan Wildlife Conservation and Development Organization pioneered livestock insurance schemes for villagers to compensate farmers against livestock losses resulting from attacks by snow leopards to ensure the apex predators and humans coexist in harmony.
The nonviolent actions of Martin Luther King inspired many people.
The noon siren is blowing.
The noonday sun beat down with dazzling brightness on the tennis court.
The nopals are considered characteristic of warm and dry climates, like those of Egypt and California.
The norm of pronunciation is “continental.”
The normal fetal heart rate usually varies between 120 and 160 beats per minute.
The normal mind, when it experiences intellectual frustration, can seek recreation in companionship, or physical exercise, or art. But for the Fourth Men there was no such escape. These activities were impossible and meaningless to them. The Great Brains were whole-heartedly interested in the objective world, but solely as a vast stimulus to intellection, never for its own sake. They admired only the intellective process itself and the interpretative formulae and principles which it devised. They cared no more for men and women than for material in a test-tube, no more for one another than for mechanical calculators. Nay, of each one of them it might almost be said that he cared even for himself solely as an instrument of knowing. Many of the species had actually sacrificed their sanity, even in some cases their lives, to the obsessive lust of intellection.
The normalization of aggressive and degrading sexual acts in pornography can lead to the perpetuation of harmful power dynamics in real-life relationships.
The normalization of hate speech erodes social harmony.
The normally straitlaced Lo was seen removing his glasses to wipe tears from his eyes after he burst out laughing.
The norms were established by the community.
The north and south differ greatly from each other.
The north coast of Spain and the west coast of France together form the Bay of Biscay.
The north differs greatly from the south.
The north wind blew all day.
The north wind blew continuously all day.
The north wind did howl relentlessly outside our window.
The north wind held on all day.
The north wind is cool.
The north wind was blowing all day long.
The northbound lanes were blocked by an accident.
The northern English town of Scunthorpe is difficult to find on the web.
The northern half of what is today Papua New Guinea was a German colony.
The northern hemisphere is above the equator.
The northern lights are caused by particles from the sun interacting with Earth’s atmosphere.
The northern lights at night were fantastic.
The northern lights illumined in green above the countryside.
The northern part of Algeria is dominated by mountainous ranges.
The northern part of Cyprus is currently occupied by Turkey.
The northern part of Italy is covered in mountains.
The northern states mostly opposed slavery.
The northern wind began to blow again.
The northern wind blew all day.
The northernmost part of Earth is warming two to three times faster than the rest of the planet.
The northernmost part of Earth is warming two to three times faster than the rest of the planet. This means the melting sea ice is opening new routes for shipping.
The northernmost part of the city is a maze of alleys.
The northwest region of Iowa has been hit especially hard, forcing those who remain to drive farther and farther for things like groceries, education and health care.
The nose detects smells.
The nose knows.
The nose of the plane pitched down.
The notary will know to advise you in how you should avoid every unpleasant surprise.
The note is embossed with the school emblem.
The note is jotted directly on the envelope.
The note was from Tom.
The note was from her.
The note was from him.
The note was from them.
The notebook came loose.
The notebook cost two florins.
The notebook is in the briefcase.
The notebook is lying on the table.
The notebook is not purple.
The notebook is not yours. It's his.
The notebook is not yours. It’s his.
The notebook was packed with text, even in the margins.
The notebooks belong to her.
The notebooks should be put in a drawer.
The noted diplomat readily participated in the committee.
The noted historian Jon Meacham says politics is about the mediation of differences, not just the perpetuation of grievances.
The notes are at the bottom of the page.
The notes of that song have a sweet melancholy that penetrates my heart.
The notice could not be made out by the students.
The notice in the park said "Keep off the grass".
The notice in the park said, "Keep off the grass."
The notice on the door was in a language I didn't know.
The notice on the door was in a language that I didn't know.
The notice says, "Danger! 10,000 VOLTS."
The notice says, "Keep off the grass".
The notice sent to the supplier of goods to the buyer, that his order is executed.
The notice was badly printed.
The notice was put on the front page.
The notion of "minimal pair" in linguistics has the lovely power of immediately convincing.
The notion of a Hebrew conquest of Canaan from Egypt is archeologically inaccurate.
The notion of a nuclear deterrent came into being during the Cold War, when the focus was on the American and Russian arsenals.
The notion of algorithm forms the core of all of the computation theory.
The notion of corporate responsibility went dormant while companies polluted rivers at will.
The notion of cultural superiority in the West often manifests in the form of ethnocentrism, where Western customs and traditions are considered superior and other cultures are judged against these standards.
The notion of upper-class and lower-class among humans in this world is a topic likely to be found in a woman's essay. Anyone who thinks that falls in the lower-class category of humans.
The notion that Europeans had a common culture or civilization would have been laughable to the Ancient Greeks and Romans.
The notion that Washington laid down some law against reelecting a President for more than two terms is an example of how a complete error may pass into popular belief and become a superstition.
The notion that humans can be divided into distinct genetic races according to their skin color, language, or religion is nonsense.
The notion that one culture holds the moral high ground to instruct another is misguided and arrogant.
The notion that personality is a done deal the moment we are born leaves us with the temptation to say "Why bother?"
The notion that same-sex sexual behaviors are rare in the animal kingdom has been, and continues to be, used in debates about the ethics of human homosexuality.
The notorious criminal was caught yesterday.
The notorious dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
The notorious dictator abused his privileges to his heart’s content.
The notorious expression of the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The notorious rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
The noun "rain" doesn't collocate with the adjective "busy."
The novel "All Quiet on the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque has been translated into more than fifty languages.
The novel Childhood's End by Arthur C. Clarke has intrigued me for a long time. Sinister ships from outer space appear over the cities of Earth. Soon, the outworlders administer human affairs. They help humankind to its next level.
The novel Heidi evokes a romantic and idyllic image of Switzerland.
The novel I'm writing next is set in a love hotel so I wanted to see what one actually looks like.
The novel I’m writing next is set in a love hotel so I wanted to see what one actually looks like.
The novel Tom and Mary is reputed to be the most boring in the world.
The novel Tom and Mary is said to be the most boring in the world.
The novel Tom and Mary is supposed to be the most boring in the world.
The novel added to his reputation.
The novel and the relative film have been controversial.
The novel and the relative movie have been controversial.
The novel appeared in paperback.
The novel became a box-office success.
The novel can be read in five languages.
The novel coronavirus outbreak has hit the United States on the tail end of spring break — a time-honored March tradition for college students.
The novel describes the boyhood and youth of an orphan.
The novel ends with the heroine's death.
The novel ends with the heroine’s death.
The novel gives a manifold picture of human life.
The novel had an initial print run of 10,000 copies.
The novel had an initial print-run of 10,000.
The novel has been published in paperback.
The novel has been translated into German.
The novel has been translated into many languages.
The novel has many autobiographical elements from the author's own life.
The novel has many details.
The novel has more than six hundred pages.
The novel has sold almost 20,000 copies.
The novel has sold almost 20000 copies.
The novel he published last year explores universal themes, but with a unique and personal approach.
The novel is an attempt to give something back to the generations of her parents.
The novel is centered on the Civil War.
The novel is divided into three books.
The novel is set in an atompunk, alternate history.
The novel is very exciting.
The novel is worthy of praise.
The novel is written from the perspective of the protagonist's dog.
The novel made him famous.
The novel material is made of seven layers of miniscule interwoven fibers, each about as thick as a human hair.
The novel takes its title from the Bible.
The novel takes place in Victorian England.
The novel takes us to another life.
The novel tells the story of two people who meet after the end of the Second World War.
The novel was adapted for a film.
The novel was not received favorably.
The novel was published after his death.
The novel was published in paperback.
The novel was translated into German.
The novel was translated into seven languages.
The novel was written by a well-known American author.
The novel was written in the first person.
The novel's first print run ran to 150,000 copies.
The novel, the author of which is a famous singer, is selling well.
The novelist gathered materials for his work.
The novelist is interested in human beings.
The novelist is popular among our generation.
The novelist is pretty popular among teenagers.
The novelist is the chronicler of his time.
The novelist talked to a large audience.
The novelist wrote several romances.
The novels he wrote are interesting.
The novelty has worn off.
The novelty is starting to wear off.
The novelty wears off in time.
The novelty will wear off in time.
The novice, however, has the advantage that he has nothing to unlearn, and can profit by the experience of others.
The now ubiquitous occurrence of sectarian violence is the product of growing tensions between the country's different ethnic groups.
The nozzle is clogged.
The nuances of a language may seem arbitrary to someone learning the language, but to a native speaker, they make perfect sense.
The nub of the dispute was unknown but its results were easy to predict.
The nuclear bombs were used as a way to force Japan into surrendering. Still, it remains unjustifiable.
The nuclear family is a young prejudice; in fact, families have only been built around the few immediate members in the last 50 or 60 years of relative wealth.
The nuclear family makes better communication possible between parents and children.
The nuclear holocaust scenario is just old propaganda. Arsenals are limited and rusty.
The nuclear issue obviously is a pretty big issue which could put an enormous spanner in the works.
The nuclear plant ran out of water.
The nuclear plant uses steam produced by plutonium fuel rods to power turbines to create electricity.
The nuclear power plants have to be stable.
The nuclear rhetoric is getting louder.
The nuclear ship was built at a considerable expense.
The nuclear test led directly to a new UN resolution condemning North Korea.
The nuclear tests ravaged the local environment.
The nuclear weapon blew up in its missile silo.
The nuclear weapon will push the asteroid into another path.
The nucleus and optional coda of a syllable are called the rime.
The nucleus of a hydrogen atom consists of a single proton. Around this proton orbits a single electron.
The null hypothesis states how often a sampling error alone will produce results that are different than a forecast.
The number 0.75 is a decimal number.
The number 1010 in base 2 equals the number 10.
The number 2 looks like a swan.
The number 2011 has two ones.
The number 2015 is represented as 11111011111 in binary.
The number 4 is a bad omen in Japan.
The number 4 is considered an unlucky number in Japan.
The number 420 symbolizes cannabis.
The number 54 is acceptable to speakers of Cantonese, for whom it means "not dead." Chinese prefer the number 3, the "life" or "birth" number. Japanese and Chinese people have different cultures, of course.
The number 6 has great symbolic significance for Mary.
The number 6 people are extremely magnetic. They attract others to them and they are loved and often worshipped by those under them.
The number cannot be reached.
The number chosen can't be contacted.
The number immediately before seven is six.
The number is 932-8647, but I don't know the area code.
The number is 932-8647, but I don’t know the area code.
The number is engaged, I'm afraid.
The number is engaged.
The number is engaged. Please hold.
The number is no longer in use.
The number is not available now. Try calling back later.
The number is returned as a string, so we'll need to cast it to a double.
The number is returned as a string, so we'll need to cast it to an int.
The number is unfortunately busy.
The number keeps going up.
The number of *****s in the hint has no relation to the number of characters in the word.
The number of Arabic sentences on Tatoeba is small.
The number of Asian carp in the state’s waterways has soared in recent years, choking out many native fish species.
The number of Capricorns born on January 1st is alarmingly high across four corners of the world.
The number of Capricorns born on January 1st is crushingly high across four corners of the world.
The number of Christians is greater than the number of Mohammedans.
The number of English words exceeds twenty times Shakespeare's prodigious vocabulary.
The number of Europeans who visit Thailand every year is very large.
The number of Facebook members is higher than the U.S. population.
The number of Japanese going overseas has been increasing year by year.
The number of Japanese students returning after life abroad has been increasing as of late.
The number of Japanese who live on bread has increased.
The number of Jewish converts is very small.
The number of Sony rechargeable batteries supposed to be collected totalled 7,659,000 units.
The number of Turkish sentences on Tatoeba exceeded 200,000.
The number of U.S. households earning at least $150,000 annually that chose to rent rather than buy skyrocketed 175 percent between 2007 and 2017, according to an analysis by apartment search website RentCafe, which used data from the Census Bureau to reach its conclusions.
The number of anorexic high school girls practicing extreme dietary restrictions is increasing.
The number of automobiles has been increasing.
The number of bars quickly burgeoned as men and money started to flow into the town.
The number of boys in our class is thirty.
The number of cancers of the gallbladder and bile ducts in Asia were comparable to those in the West, according to Chen. Those sites are closer in the body to the pancreas, where insulin is made.
The number of cars being driven in the city has increased.
The number of cars being driven on the city's roads has increased.
The number of cars driven in the city has increased.
The number of cars in this city has reached one hundred thousand.
The number of cars is increasing.
The number of cars is on the increase.
The number of cars on the city's roads has increased.
The number of cars running in the city has increased.
The number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years.
The number of casualties is still unknown.
The number of college students is increasing.
The number of continents in the world varies by country and language.
The number of contributions represents the number of sentences added plus the number of translations added plus the number of sentences modified.
The number of crimes decreased after we established a neighborhood watch.
The number of crimes grows.
The number of criminals involved in bootlegging outnumbered the federal agents who tried to enforce the law.
The number of days lost through industrial dispute is shown in the table on the facing page.
The number of dead is very likely to rise.
The number of deaths is increasing.
The number of deaths is shocking.
The number of detentions made during the protests has already reached two thousand.
The number of doctors is small, and the number with time to tweet is even smaller, but the number of people who lie on Twitter is extremely high.
The number of droughts, floods and heatwaves is likely to increase.
The number of elementary school students taking junior high school entrance exams has increased in recent years.
The number of employees doubled in ten years.
The number of employees has increased lately.
The number of empty harvested fields along the roads is increasing right now.
The number of errors of fact in Arendt's book are considerably fewer than Abel implies.
The number of errors of fact in Arendt’s book are considerably fewer than Abel implies.
The number of fish caught in this river was very small.
The number of fish in the ocean is steadily declining.
The number of fitness trainers and dog walkers increased at up to three times the rate of overall employment.
The number of flying insects collected in traps in nature reserves in Germany has declined by 75% over the last 25 years.
The number of fools is infinite.
The number of foreign tourists arriving in Algeria has significantly increased.
The number of giraffes is dropping.
The number of giraffes is dwindling.
The number of giraffes living in the wild has been going down.
The number of grains of sand on a beach is calculable.
The number of guests is 20.
The number of houses being built was dropping.
The number of independent bookshops in the UK and Ireland is at a ten-year high following six consecutive years of growth.
The number of injured is unknown.
The number of jobless is at an all time high.
The number of legs in humans is on a spectrum.
The number of livestock is increasing in Algeria.
The number of living languages is frequently debated and estimates have varied from five thousand to eight thousand.
The number of looks equals the number of people.
The number of manicurists and pedicurists doubled between 2010 and 2017, according to the Brookings Institute.
The number of members decreased to five.
The number of members will grow quickly.
The number of minority seats in the Lower House is rapidly eroding.
The number of mistakes is ten at most.
The number of motor vehicles in the city has increased.
The number of muffins that you'll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC.
The number of muffins that you’ll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC.
The number of murders is increasing even in a country like Japan.
The number of murders is increasing even in countries like Japan.
The number of my sentences in Toki Pona is 7777.
The number of new infections has plateaued.
The number of officials doubled last year.
The number of old people who die less than a year after their spouses die is higher than you might think.
The number of out LGBTQ people is still well below Kinsey's findings in the 1940s and '50s.
The number of park rangers has grown from about 100 to 850.
The number of participants was over thirty.
The number of people alive is exploding.
The number of people among us increases.
The number of people around the world with peripheral artery disease, or PAD, has risen dramatically — by almost 25 percent — in just 10 years — according to a new study in the Lancet medical journal.
The number of people capable of conversing in the language is declining.
The number of people capable of conversing in the language is in decline.
The number of people identifying as left-handed increased when stigma against left-handed people decreased.
The number of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States.
The number of people self-identifying as left-handed shot up when stigma against left-handedness was eliminated.
The number of people suffering from AIDS has increased.
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.
The number of people suffering from heart disease is on the rise.
The number of people visiting the town is increasing year-on-year.
The number of people who die in traffic accidents is surprising.
The number of people who do that has increased.
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.
The number of people who have died from Nipah is relatively small.
The number of people who play video games on PC is increasing.
The number of people who prefer to marry late is gradually rising.
The number of people who smoke increased in the last ten years.
The number of people who smoke is increasing, so cancer will soon be the most common cause of death.
The number of people who visit beauty clinics has been on the rise these last few years.
The number of people who visit beauty clinics has risen considerably in the last few years.
The number of people with diabetes is rising globally.
The number of permutations is mind blowing.
The number of permutations, in human terms, is innumerable.
The number of prey they killed was the same.
The number of prisoners has doubled.
The number of private colleges has increased.
The number of pupils in this room is 25.
The number of pupils is falling.
The number of pupils is gradually falling.
The number of pupils who were late to school was much lower than I had expected.
The number of reception is 1.
The number of refugees in the world increases steadily.
The number of road fatalities in the U.S. has reached the highest level since 2006 in the first half of 2021, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The number of sentences in this database is constantly increasing.
The number of sentences on Tatoeba has surpassed one and a half million.
The number of shopping carts in the shopping mall is limited.
The number of space stations grew gradually over several centuries as humanity expanded into the Orion Spur of the galaxy.
The number of stars in the sky is infinite.
The number of stars visible is very large.
The number of students going abroad is on the increase.
The number of students going abroad to study is increasing each year.
The number of students going overseas has been increasing lately.
The number of students going overseas is growing.
The number of students grows year by year.
The number of students in the class is limited to fifteen.
The number of students in this class is below the average number.
The number of students in this class is limited to 15.
The number of students in this class is limited to fifteen.
The number of students is declining little by little.
The number of students is decreasing year by year.
The number of students is decreasing.
The number of students is dropping.
The number of students traveling abroad has been increasing recently.
The number of students who come late to class has lately been increasing.
The number of students who specialize in biology will increase from now on.
The number of students who travel abroad for vacation is increasing.
The number of students who use their holidays to travel abroad is increasing.
The number of students who were late for school was much smaller than I had expected.
The number of subscribers has doubled in the last five years.
The number of super-rich individuals in Asia rose almost nine percent last year, to 2.8 million people. Their combined wealth was $9.5 trillion, an increase of more than 12 percent compared with a year earlier. This is the result of a report released by investment bank Merrill Lynch and consulting firm Capgemini.
The number of suspected cholera cases in Yemen has now reached half a million.
The number of temporary workers has almost tripled since 2003.
The number of the Ukrainian Embassy in Poland is +48 (22) 629-34-46 or (+48) 22 622 47 97.
The number of the chairs in the hall is 80.
The number of the desk in front is 1.
The number of the front desk is No 1.
The number of the living was smaller than that of the dead.
The number of the people working in this city will be more than one thousand by the end of this month.
The number of the sentences on Tatoeba is gradually increasing.
The number of those who are of the conviction that Esperanto is, and must remain, a part of the worldwide cultural landscape is growing.
The number of tickets was limited.
The number of times a child was bullied correlated to their adult levels of C-reactive protein, which rises in response to a variety of stressors, including poor nutrition, lack of sleep and psychosocial factors.
The number of times it happened increased.
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years.
The number of tourists has increased.
The number of tourists we get every year has increased.
The number of traffic accidents has increased in recent years.
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.
The number of translated sentences is enormous.
The number of unemployed college graduates amounts to more than 4000.
The number of unemployed people will rise by degrees.
The number of unnatural deaths is increasing.
The number of unrecorded cases, however, is likely to be somewhat higher.
The number of unrecorded cases, however, will probably be somewhat higher.
The number of vehicle registrations has gone up.
The number of victims is unknown.
The number of visible stars is very great.
The number of visitors that he mentioned is very much exaggerated: there were a maximum of around one hundred people present.
The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year.
The number of visitors to the town is increasing year-on-year.
The number of volunteers grew more and more.
The number of wild boars is increasing rapidly in Germany.
The number of women who become mothers is small.
The number of women who becomes mothers is small.
The number of words I know is amazing.
The number of words has importance in modern writing.
The number of words that a language has is finite but the number of sentences is infinite, which is quite interesting. You can make countless numbers of sentences.
The number of words that a language has is finite but the number of sentences is infinite, which is quite interesting. You can make countless sentences.
The number of working women is increasing.
The number of wounded is unknown.
The number of young criminals is only increasing, but it's not at all a shock.
The number of young people studying maths has decreased.
The number one reason why friends dump their friends on Facebook is too many useless posts.
The number pi is approximately equal to 3.14 or 22/7. Its symbol is "Ï€".
The number pi is approximately equal to 3.14 or 22/7. Its symbol is "π".
The number seven has a special meaning for many people around the world.
The number seven is believed to bring good luck.
The number seven is bigger than the number four.
The number thirteen bus goes to the city centre.
The number was indelibly printed on her brain.
The number was staggering.
The number will be returned as a string.
The number you have called is not in service.
The number you have called isn't in service.
The number you have dialed is currently not in use. Please confirm you have entered the correct number, and call again.
The number you have dialled has not been recognised.
The numbers add up pretty quickly.
The numbers are favorable.
The numbers are incorrect.
The numbers are on the doors or next to the doors.
The numbers are overwhelming.
The numbers are staggering.
The numbers don't add up.
The numbers don't lie.
The numbers have been forged.
The numbers of each organism varied from day to day in a way that showed conclusively the essentially trophic nature of the protozoan population.
The numbers of elephants have quickly plummeted.
The numbers on the report have been fudged ever since the new boss took over. Sooner or later, they are going to have to come clean.
The numbers speak for themselves.
The numbers were announced.
The numerical simulations weren't accurate enough.
The numerical values shown above derive from Hobson's simulation.
The numerical values shown above derive from Hobson’s simulation.
The nun has devoted her life to the Lord.
The nun is fine, but I liked the other one more.
The nun prayed and crossed herself.
The nun read a prayer and crossed herself.
The nun took the children to the beach.
The nun's duty is to water the flowers and the cauliflowers.
The nunchaku is a traditional Japanese weapon consisting of two short sticks connected by a chain or rope.
The nuns are singing.
The nuns belong to the order known as the Slaves of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, whose members consecrate their lives to the woman they call “The Blessed Mother” of Jesus.
The nuns went up to the cloister.
The nun’s duty is to water the flowers and the cauliflowers.
The nurse administered an injection to the patient.
The nurse anticipated all his wishes.
The nurse applied a medicine to the affected part.
The nurse asked him if he was taking any medication.
The nurse asked me if I was in pain.
The nurse assured her that her condition was nothing to be concerned about.
The nurse attended the patient.
The nurse brought in a bedpan for the patient who was unable to get out of bed to use the bathroom.
The nurse can tell you how to do it.
The nurse cared for the patient very tenderly.
The nurse checked Tom's blood pressure.
The nurse checked Tom's pulse.
The nurse cleaned and then dressed the wound.
The nurse cleaned the wound, and then dressed it.
The nurse didn't get Mennad's IV in correctly.
The nurse dressed the wound with a bandage.
The nurse dresses the wound.
The nurse drew my blood.
The nurse emptied the catheter bag and measured the amount of urine output.
The nurse fell in love with her patient.
The nurse fell in love with one of her patients.
The nurse found a good vein in Mennad's right hand.
The nurse gave Tom a flu shot.
The nurse gave Tom something to ease the pain.
The nurse gave an injection to the patient.
The nurse gave her a flu shot.
The nurse gave him a flu shot.
The nurse gave me a flu shot.
The nurse gave me a glucose injection.
The nurse gave me a shot.
The nurse gave me a vaccine.
The nurse gave me an injection in my buttock.
The nurse gave me an injection.
The nurse gave the patient a jab.
The nurse gave the patient an injection.
The nurse gave the patient his orange juice through a glass tube.
The nurse gave them flu shots.
The nurse gave us flu shots.
The nurse gave you a sedative.
The nurse gently put a bandage around my head.
The nurse got Mennad into a wheelchair.
The nurse grabbed Mennad's hand.
The nurse grabbed Mennad's right hand.
The nurse had Tom put on a hospital gown.
The nurse handed Mary a small cup and said she would need to provide a urine specimen.
The nurse handed Tom some pills and he took them.
The nurse has given Tom a sedative.
The nurse has taken my blood pressure.
The nurse has very caring hands.
The nurse has very gentle hands.
The nurse hit a blood vessel.
The nurse in the 4th department is very enthusiastic.
The nurse injects me with a vaccine.
The nurse inserted the needle.
The nurse is busy taking care of Tom.
The nurse is busy washing scalpels now.
The nurse is dressed in white.
The nurse is dressing the wound.
The nurse is ill.
The nurse is not here.
The nurse is preparing another needle.
The nurse is removing my stitches.
The nurse is treating the wound.
The nurse isn't here.
The nurse kept an eye on Tom's vitals.
The nurse left the room.
The nurse looked after the babies.
The nurse moved the patient to the top floor of the hospital.
The nurse pulled out the needle.
The nurse put a bandage gently around my head.
The nurse raised the bed rails to keep the patient safe and prevent falls while they were sleeping.
The nurse recommended that he try walking.
The nurse removed Tom's bandages.
The nurse ripped the needle out.
The nurse sanitized the needle before using it to obtain a specimen of the patient's blood.
The nurse sat little Tom down and told him to stick out his tongue.
The nurse soothed the crying child.
The nurse substituted for the doctor who caught a terrible cold.
The nurse substituted for the doctor who had caught a terrible cold.
The nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood.
The nurse told Tom to count backwards from ten as she administered the anaesthetic.
The nurse told me that it wasn't supposed to hurt.
The nurse told me to list all the medications I was taking.
The nurse told us not to enter the room because the patient was in a critical condition.
The nurse took Mennad down the hall.
The nurse took Tom's temperature.
The nurse took care of Ziri.
The nurse took her temperature with a thermometer.
The nurse took her temperature with the thermometer.
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer.
The nurse took his temperature with the thermometer.
The nurse took his temperature.
The nurse took my blood pressure.
The nurse took the temperature.
The nurse used a sphygmomanometer to check my blood pressure.
The nurse used a sphygmomanometer to measure the patient's blood pressure.
The nurse vaccinated me.
The nurse was a witch, though the king did not know it.
The nurse was assisting the doctor.
The nurse was trying to find a vein in Mennad's hand.
The nurse went to wake up another patient, Matthew, to administer his medication.
The nurse who vaccinated me was the nicest young lady.
The nurse will check your arm within 2 days to see if there is a reaction.
The nurse will give me an injection.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
The nurse wore scrubs.
The nurse wound my leg with a bandage.
The nursery toilet door was shut.
The nursery was full of babies, all crying.
The nurses are in the hospital.
The nurses are very nice.
The nurses attend to the patient day and night.
The nurses here always take forever to come when I call for them.
The nurses kept a close eye on Fadil.
The nurses look after the patient day and night.
The nurses must see to the comfort of their patients.
The nurses turned the patient regularly in order to prevent bedsores.
The nurses turned the patient regularly in order to prevent pressure sores.
The nurses were run off their feet every day.
The nurses were very nice to me.
The nut is hard.
The nut is round, but not everything round is a nut.
The nuthatch is a bird that lives in forests and mountains.
The nutritionist made a special program for Mark.
The nuts are tasty.
The nuts were hearty.
The nymph, filled with a strange resolve, had suddenly stolen away from the group.
The nymphs clapped their hands in delight.
The nymphs clustered around her and the child that lay asleep in her lap, with expressions of curiosity and delight.
The nymph’s eyes blazed with passion.
The oak is a tree.
The oak tree remained standing after the storm.
The oak tree was no longer there.
The oak trees were cut down.
The oar fell out of its holder.
The oar fell out of its oarlock.
The oarfish, which can grow to more than 50 feet (15 meters), is a deep-water pelagic fish, the longest bony fish in the world, according to the Catalina Island Marine Institute.
The oars caught among the lily-pads; this gave her an excuse for pulling and wrenching at them.
The oat crop was ready for harvesting.
The oats were ground in a mill.
The obedience of everyone to rules, even absurd ones, promotes a greater cohesion within society.
The obedient children suddenly turned into petulant teenagers.
The obelisk at the front commemorates those who died with no known graves.
The object flew away to the south, giving out flashes of light.
The object had recovered its previous appearance.
The object is that which in Japanese would generally be indicated with "ni" or "o".
The object of his admiration shows the kind of person that he would like to be.
The object of the journey was to visit Grandma.
The object of use can be an app, a web page, a book, a tool, a machine, a process, a vehicle or something with which a human interacts.
The object of waging a war is always to be in a better position in which to wage another war.
The object of walking is to relax the mind. You should therefore not permit yourself even to think while you walk. But divert your attention by the objects surrounding you.
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
The object was oval in shape.
The object was to see whether the experience of distinguishing meaningful sounds from complex soundscapes, and remembering sound sequences, led to improved hearing later in life. Research has shown that playing an instrument enhances listening and comprehension skills.
The objection is overruled.
The objection is sustained.
The objective of Minesweeper is to clear the minefield without detonating the mines.
The objective of corporations is to make profits.
The objective of law is justice.
The objective of the standard is to determine the quality of the honey.
The objective set is accomplished.
The objectives of the marketing department and the sales department are not necessarily the same.
The objects were discovered July 2 off the coast of the United States in the Pacific Ocean. They were found near the northwestern state of Washington.
The obligations of marriage are fine, but they are obligations.
The obnoxious lady seemed to fit the atmosphere of the hotel perfectly.
The obnoxious picture was immediately removed, and the ball was opened by Lady Ashton, with a grace and dignity which supplied the charms of youth.
The oboe is the most beautiful of all woodwind instruments.
The oboes aren't playing together.
The oboes need to play together.
The obscene graffiti were removed by a city employee.
The obsequious waiter is usually assigned the best table because he always curries favor with his manager and superiors.
The observation of gravitational waves will start a new phase in the study of the universe.
The observatory also possesses multiple smaller telescopes and ancillary equipment.
The observatory has a good location.
The observatory was released at an altitude of approximately 75 miles (120 kilometers).
The observed cannot be separated from the observer.
The obsession didn't die down day or night.
The obsessive desire of wealth has been one of the great destructive forces of human history.
The obsolete regime is about to collapse.
The obstacles have piled up.
The obstacles to our progress have been removed at last.
The obstetrician and gynecologist became involved with helping women suffering from fistula 17 years ago after visiting his aunt Valerie Browning in rural Ethiopia, who assisted women with terrible childbirth injuries.
The obstinacy of sisters-in-law.
The obverse of peace is war.
The ocarina is very underrated.
The occasion demands a cool head.
The occasion was special.
The occasion was tarnished by a lukewarm show of support from member states.
The occasional rainstorms in the region leave thousands of families without a roof every year.
The occupancy rate in hotels is almost fifty percent.
The occupants are complaining.
The occupants of the boat were all men.
The occupation forces demolished many houses in this neighborhood.
The occupation forces demolished many houses in this quarter.
The occupation forces did not hesitate to shoot into the crowds, killing scores of civilians, many of whom were women and children.
The occupation of East Jerusalem is and will always be illegal.
The occupation of Greece by the Axis powers lasted three years.
The occupation of Palestine has always been and will always be illegal.
The occupation of Palestine is and will always be illegal.
The occupation of the West Bank is a continuation of Zionism.
The occupation of the West Bank is illegal.
The occupation soldiers were soulless monsters.
The occupational safety inspector had the construction zone closed off.
The occupying forces commit all sorts of crimes with absolute impunity.
The occupying forces commit all sorts of war crimes with absolute impunity.
The occupying forces continued to blockade the only road leading into the village.
The occurrence of homicides has decreased recently.
The occurrence of the disease is very rare.
The ocean absorbs about 30 percent of the CO₂ that is released in the atmosphere.
The ocean affords various kinds of resources.
The ocean breathes beneath the surface.
The ocean breeze kept them cool under the hot sun.
The ocean breeze was refreshing.
The ocean calls the brave.
The ocean came into view as we descended the hill.
The ocean carries eternal stories.
The ocean contains about 97% of all the water on Earth.
The ocean covers 70% of Earth's surface.
The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the earth, but is among the least explored ecosystem.
The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the surface of our planet.
The ocean cradles her heart.
The ocean cradles her spirit.
The ocean cradles the restless soul.
The ocean extends to the distant horizon.
The ocean floor is being studied by some scientists.
The ocean formed billions of years ago.
The ocean has always been a mysterious place to humans, and when foul weather or poor navigation is involved, it can be a very deadly place.
The ocean has the color of the sky.
The ocean illumined blue under the sunshine.
The ocean illumined dark blue under the moonlight.
The ocean is a complex ecosystem that is home to countless species of fish, mammals, and other organisms.
The ocean is a huge body of water that is constantly in motion.
The ocean is becoming more acidic.
The ocean is blue because water absorbs colors in the red part of the light spectrum. Like a filter, this leaves behind colors in the blue part of the light spectrum for us to see.
The ocean is dirty.
The ocean is divided into three zones based on depth and light level. The upper 200 meters of the ocean is called the euphotic, or "sunlight," zone. This zone contains the vast majority of commercial fisheries and is home to many protected marine mammals and sea turtles.
The ocean is great at sucking up CO₂ from the air. It absorbs about one-quarter of the CO₂ that we humans create when we burn fossil fuels.
The ocean is her soul.
The ocean is never still.
The ocean is one of the last frontiers on Earth. But the world's ever-growing need for minerals and metals is pushing humans to boldly go where no human has gone before and they're finding new life in the process.
The ocean is only a few hours away.
The ocean is polluted by microplastics.
The ocean is really big.
The ocean is slightly alkaline.
The ocean is the lifeblood of Earth, covering more than 70 percent of the planet's surface, driving weather, regulating temperature, and ultimately supporting all living organisms.
The ocean is thirsty.
The ocean is very big and blue.
The ocean knows no bounds.
The ocean liner was too big to navigate the narrow passage.
The ocean melted into the sky on the horizon.
The ocean provides over 70 percent of the oxygen we breathe.
The ocean sings to her soul.
The ocean sparkled in every direction.
The ocean speaks softly.
The ocean speaks to those who listen.
The ocean stretched as far as the eye could see.
The ocean stretched out wherever one looked.
The ocean stretches beyond sight, a reminder of infinity.
The ocean swells like an undulating mirror of the bowl of heaven.
The ocean was calm that evening.
The ocean was calm.
The ocean was choppy because of the storm.
The ocean waves shimmer in the sunlight.
The ocean's abyss pulled me in, deeper and deeper.
The ocean's blueness comes from the same atmospheric conditions that make the sky blue.
The ocean's supposed blueness comes entirely from the sky.
The oceanic ecosystem includes the pelagic zone, the benthic zone, and the abyssal zone.
The oceans are currently absorbing about a quarter of the carbon dioxide emitted to the atmosphere annually and are becoming more acidic as a result, leading to concerns about intensifying impacts on marine ecosystems.
The oceans are full of life.
The oceans are not in good health.
The oceans are turning acid.
The oceans are warming faster than scientists previously thought.
The oceans got even warmer last year than the year before, supercharging already extreme weather patterns worldwide, according to a recent report published in the journal Advances in Atmospheric Sciences.
The ocean’s blueness comes from the same atmospheric conditions that make the sky blue.
The ocean’s depth mirrors the soul’s mysteries.
The ocean’s depths reflect the human soul.
The ocean’s song soothes the restless heart.
The ocean’s supposed blueness comes entirely from the sky.
The ocelot is found only in forest districts, and is an excellent climber, spending most of its life in the trees.
The octagon has eight corners and eight sides.
The octal numeral system uses the digits 0 to 7, and is the base-8 number system.
The octopus and the nautilus are both cephalopods.
The octopus carries a coconut shell.
The octopus exits only to look for food and for reproductive purposes.
The octopus is a really smart animal.
The octopus is hiding in a coconut shell.
The octopus is in the sea.
The octopus only exits its lair to look for food or for reproductive purposes.
The octopus walked underwater like a human with two tentacles while carrying two halves of a coconut with the other six tentacles.
The octopus was using a discarded scallop shell as shelter.
The octopus wrapped itself around its prey.
The octopus's tentacle didn't budge.
The octopus's tentacle didn't move one bit.
The odd custom is peculiar to the region.
The oddly assorted creatures, some humanoid in form, some frighteningly animalistic, formed a rough guard about Rocky and Bud.
The odds against that happening are astronomical.
The odds are against him.
The odds are against me, so I think I'll quit now.
The odds are against me, so I think I’ll quit now.
The odds are against me.
The odds are against us.
The odds are against you.
The odds are even that our team will win the game.
The odds are in Tom's favor.
The odds are in Tom’s favor.
The odds are in his favor.
The odds are in his favour.
The odds are in your favor.
The odds are mounting that an agreement will not be struck.
The odds are on our side.
The odds are slim to none that the true conspirators will be found.
The odds are stacked against us.
The odds are that Yanni's deat is not natural.
The odds are three to one.
The odds are two to one.
The odds are two-to-one that the Reds win.
The odds of ever being born are so slim I feel blessed to be given a chance.
The odds of this team winning are close to zero.
The odds of this team winning are next to none.
The odds of you not dying are astronomical.
The odds seem favorable.
The odds seemed insuperable.
The odds were against me.
The odds were seemingly insurmountable but he overcame them to win the presidency.
The odor from your penis isn't pleasant.
The odor in that room was vile.
The odor is disgusting.
The odor is vile.
The odor of dirty socks makes me gag.
The odor was disagreeable.
The odour disgusts me.
The odour is revolting.
The odour is vile.
The odour was disagreeable.
The offer expires at the end of the month.
The offer is good.
The offer is too good to be turned down.
The offer is too good to turn down.
The offer is valid until 12.31.3000 and available only on the web.
The offer is worthy of being considered.
The offer they made earlier has been withdrawn.
The offer was refused.
The offer was rejected as inadequate.
The offer will be valid for thirty days.
The offering is gone.
The office air conditioner malfunctioned.
The office bantz makes Mondays bearable.
The office called for some reason.
The office door will be open.
The office for disease control reported a 10 percent spread.
The office has been relocated to the fifth floor.
The office has been topsy-turvy since the merger upset everything.
The office has been transferred up to the sixth floor.
The office held a memorial for him.
The office is being cleaned right now.
The office is closed on Saturdays and Sundays.
The office is closed.
The office is dark.
The office is deserted.
The office is empty.
The office is flooded with fan letters for him.
The office is freezing cold, so I wear a sweater every day and have a space heater, even in the summer.
The office is full of competent people.
The office is having a farewell party.
The office is on the right.
The office light was off.
The office manager will explain to the new typist where she should work and what she should do.
The office seems very busy today.
The office staff worked quickly and efficiently to resolve the problem.
The office telegraphed that they had not received my application.
The office was besieged by anxious inquiries.
The office was cleaned yesterday.
The office was closed for 10 days for the New Year's holiday.
The office was closed for 10 days for the New Year’s holiday.
The office was dark.
The office was deserted.
The office was empty.
The office was flooded with fan letters for him.
The office was full of activity all day.
The office was silent. There was no typing, no mouse clicking. Nothing.
The office was small, but it had a view of the city.
The office was small, with two chairs, a desk, and a filing cabinet.
The office was unfinished.
The office where my father works is near the station.
The office's air conditioning doesn't work well.
The office's air conditioning works now.
The officer aroused courage in his soldiers.
The officer asked to see Tom's driver's license.
The officer blamed him for neglecting his duty.
The officer charged me with driving 80 kilometers an hour.
The officer conducted a pat down search.
The officer encouraged his men to be brave.
The officer encouraged his men.
The officer gripped his arm.
The officer inspired his men to be brave.
The officer offered to help the blind person get across.
The officer ordered the soldiers to attack the fortified position.
The officer said that runaway kids weren't his problem and walked away.
The officer seemed to be afraid of their revenge.
The officer shone his flashlight in the drunken man's face.
The officer shone his flashlight into the car.
The officer stated that he fired three times.
The officer told his men to advance.
The officer told the cadet to get back to work.
The officer was very nice to Miroslav.
The officers arrested three of the protesters.
The officers escorted Boris back to his cell.
The officers in our battalion were quite young.
The officers were satisfied.
The officers were very kind to Ziri.
The offices get cleaned every day.
The official Highway Code was first published in Britain in 1931.
The official and predominant language of Bangladesh is Bangla, which is spoken by more than 98% of the population as their native language.
The official could not deal with the complaint himself.
The official count is just under 300.
The official designs of the Government, especially its designs in connection with postage stamps and coinage, may be described, I think, as the silent ambassadors of national taste.
The official dinner took place at the White House.
The official got the sack for currying favor with the contractors.
The official in charge let me in.
The official informed Bob that his request for a parking permit had been rejected.
The official language in Niue is Niuean.
The official language of Angola is Portuguese.
The official language of Grenada is English.
The official language of Israel is Modern Hebrew.
The official language of Lichtenstein is German.
The official language of the country is French.
The official languages of Algeria are Arabic and Berber.
The official languages of Algeria are Arabic and Tamazight.
The official languages of Canada are English and French.
The official languages of Chad are Arabic and French.
The official languages of Djibouti are Arabic and French.
The official languages of Ethiopia are Afar, Amharic, Oromo, Somali, and Tigrinya.
The official languages of Somalia are Arabic and Somali.
The official languages of Sudan are Arabic and English.
The official languages of the UN are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish.
The official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
The official leading the Philippines’ vaccine procurement efforts urged his compatriots to get the first vaccine that becomes available.
The official name of Brazil is Federative Republic of Brazil.
The official name of Italy is the Italian Republic.
The official name of my country is the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
The official names of planets and their moons are governed by the International Astronomical Union.
The official religion of Algeria is Islam.
The official said the temperatures for this time of year and location are shocking.
The official start is on Monday.
The official start is on Saturday.
The official start of the ski season in New South Wales has been delayed until June 22.
The official tongue of Grenada is English.
The official was suspected of accepting bribes from the construction companies.
The official we discharged of his obligations.
The ogre brandished a crude cudgel.
The ogre's terrible size and strength were tempered only by its ungainly movement.
The ogres are growing more hostile.
The ohm is the unit of measure for electrical resistance.
The ohm is the unit of measurement for electrical resistance in the SI system. Its symbol is Ω.
The oil and gas sector is leading Algeria's growth.
The oil comes from olives.
The oil companies increased the price of gas again.
The oil drain plug should be pretty easy to find.
The oil filter came off.
The oil filter is easy to get to.
The oil filter is leaking oil.
The oil filter is leaking.
The oil filter is loose.
The oil filter is tight and won't come off.
The oil filter is upside down.
The oil filter was easier to come off.
The oil from the recent spill is heavy and difficult to wash off. But fortunately, veterinarians say, pelicans are hardy creatures.
The oil helped the gears stop creaking.
The oil in mayonnaise sometimes separates from the other ingredients.
The oil in the lamp has been used up.
The oil industry is still recovering from Hurricane Ivan's 15-meter waves and 265-kilometer per hour winds, which damaged dozens of oil derricks and production facilities along the U.S. Gulf Coast.
The oil is discharged at Tokyo port.
The oil is low.
The oil is right here.
The oil light is on.
The oil made the floor slippery and caused his sudden fall.
The oil needs to have the correct viscosity.
The oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution.
The oil pipeline is leaking.
The oil price is continuing to rise.
The oil price is falling.
The oil production is low this year but excellent.
The oil ran through a thick pipe.
The oil rig was engulfed in flames.
The oil sector had driven much of Sudan's GDP growth since 1999.
The oil spill has been contained.
The oil spill is adding another layer of stress to the sea lions off California’s coast. There have been an unusually large number of the marine mammals, especially pups, washing up on beaches this year, starving and stranded.
The oil spill polluted the bay.
The oil won't mix with the water.
The ointment should only be applied thinly.
The okapi is a small forest giraffe.
The okurigana on this kanji is wrong.
The old Bolshevik couldn't hold back his tears.
The old Dutch clock and the Chinese plate Appeared to know as sure as fate There was going to be a terrible spat.
The old Earl said: "We spend one half of our life in regretting the things we did in the other half."
The old German mail carrier did not want to touch the package marked "gift."
The old Indian lit his pipe.
The old Italian oil painting was never exhibited in public.
The old King stood outside at the stove chimney, and listened to her words.
The old King, who was looking out of his window, beheld her in this plight, and it struck him how sweet and gentle, even beautiful, she looked.
The old TV Tom gave me didn't work.
The old TV Tom gave me doesn't work.
The old adaptor stopped working suddenly.
The old antiphon came back.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The old are apt to catch cold.
The old are not always wiser than the young.
The old barn burned down.
The old barn collapsed.
The old barn fell down.
The old baseball glove always filled William with a sense of nostalgia for his childhood afternoons spent playing catch with his dad.
The old bear is fast asleep.
The old belief is still widely current.
The old book was covered in dust.
The old book was moldy.
The old book was mouldy.
The old books and magazines were chewed through by animals.
The old books are all mouldy.
The old bread started to go mouldy.
The old brickwork began to crumble.
The old brickwork was beginning to crumble.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
The old broom needed replacing.
The old building looked rather dilapidated.
The old building was broken down.
The old building was renovated.
The old building was surprisingly well maintained.
The old cabin lacked many modern appliances, it even had a wood-burning stove.
The old car is being taken for scrap.
The old car was taken for scrap.
The old castle is a popular tourist attraction.
The old castle is a ruin.
The old castle is in a sad state.
The old castle lay in ruins.
The old castle stands on the hill.
The old cathedral is a popular tourist attraction.
The old chair creaked under his weight.
The old chair groaned under her weight.
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.
The old church is located in the northern part of the city.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
The old church stands north of the town.
The old city is a popular tourist destination.
The old city is located in the heart of Amsterdam. It has some narrow streets and some buildings dating back to the Middle Ages. The Royal Palace, built in the mid-1600s, overlooks Dam Square, next to which there is a New Church (Nieuwe Kerk).
The old city is surrounded by walls.
The old civilizations claimed that they were founded on love or justice. Ours is founded upon hatred. In our world there will be no emotions except fear, rage, triumph, and self-abasement. Everything else we shall destroy — everything.
The old classrooms were used pretty much as just storage.
The old clock has stood on the shelf for years.
The old clock is still in use.
The old cobbles in the streets have gradually been substituted by asphalt in all cities.
The old cobblestones looked pleasant and at least brought some variety to the monotonous decor of the city.
The old computer stopped working ages ago.
The old corpuscular theory of light, which now seems so childishly incomplete to us, was adequate, none the less, for satisfactorily explaining the phenomena of reflection and refraction, and the finest telescopes have been built with its help.
The old cottage had only one bed, so we all took turns sleeping in it.
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
The old couple danced.
The old couple embarked on a tour around the world.
The old couple gave him up for lost.
The old couple gave up their son for lost.
The old couple had no children.
The old couple living across the street hate teenagers.
The old couple sat side by side.
The old couple seemed happy.
The old crone "nichered" a laugh under her bonnet and bandage; she then drew out a short black pipe, and lighting it began to smoke.
The old custom is still kept up in that district.
The old days have gone never to return.
The old doctor gave individual attention to each patient.
The old doctor takes pride in his work.
The old dog barked.
The old dog can bark, but cannot bite anymore.
The old don't always know more than the young.
The old don't want to let go of power.
The old door slammed shut behind her.
The old envy the young.
The old fairy fancied she was slighted, and muttered threats between her teeth.
The old fairy's turn coming next, her head shaking more with spite than with age, she said that the Princess should pierce her hand with a spindle and die of the wound. This terrible gift made the whole company tremble, and everybody fell a-crying.
The old family recipe for apple pie brought back a rush of nostalgia for William's childhood holidays.
The old farmer did not pay him much money.
The old farmer led the guests into the wine cellar beneath the inn.
The old farmer takes potshots at people who stray too close to his property.
The old farmhouse stuck out like a sore thumb.
The old fellow is as healthy and as strong as an oak.
The old fellow seized the youth by the arm, and said roughly, 'Follow me!'
The old fence needed repairs.
The old folks are filled with stories that make you laugh.
The old folks used to say: "Don’t cook in front of a cat, and don’t steal in front of a child."
The old fort is at the top of the hill.
The old friends hugged each other.
The old garments are inspected and missing buttons are reattached before they're sold.
The old generation must make way for the new.
The old gentleman observed that the storm seemed to increase.
The old grandmother told a story to her grandchildren.
The old guard was nearly voted out of the Upper House.
The old gypsy moved her hand over the crystal ball and, peering inside, beheld my future.
The old harp was stored in the basement.
The old hippy didn't need any drugs; he was high on life.
The old hippy didn’t need any drugs; he was high on life.
The old home was very draughty and not well insulated.
The old house creaked in the strong wind.
The old house is beautiful, but small.
The old house stands on a cliff.
The old house was burned to ashes.
The old house was converted into a mosque.
The old house was demolished.
The old house was in bad shape.
The old house was taken down.
The old houses around the church were knocked down.
The old houses around the church were pulled down.
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
The old houses were torn down to make way for a supermarket.
The old iron pipe was full of rust.
The old lady believes him rich.
The old lady busied herself on her vegetable garden.
The old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty.
The old lady exercises every morning.
The old lady fell down and broke her hip.
The old lady gave me a creepy smile.
The old lady got down from the bus.
The old lady got off the bus.
The old lady had a cane.
The old lady had a crooked back.
The old lady had found Rachel trying to suckle milk from her dead mother’s cold, empty teat.
The old lady had white hair and teeth missing.
The old lady has been rather feeble since her illness.
The old lady is bound to fart.
The old lady is still counting her change.
The old lady is waiting for the bus that takes her to the gym.
The old lady lived alone in a three-room flat.
The old lady lived in a three-room apartment by herself.
The old lady looked at the broken vase and sighed sadly.
The old lady made her a present of it and insisted she should have it.
The old lady met a lovely young girl in the park.
The old lady shooed us away.
The old lady sitting next to you on the bus looked very tired.
The old lady smiled at her granddaughter.
The old lady stepped off the bus.
The old lady thanked me for helping her across the road.
The old lady walked slowly up the hill.
The old lady was devoted to her dog.
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
The old lady was more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
The old lady will often wait for her son in vain at the station.
The old lamp gave a dim light.
The old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind.
The old law guaranteed seats for minority communities, but the new version passed by parliament last month omits the quotas.
The old library in town has seen better days, but it's still beloved by its residents.
The old lutes, spinets, viols, dulcimers, &c., are not only elegant in shape but are also often tastefully ornamented with carvings, designs in marquetry, and painting.
The old magazines are all sold out.
The old man approached me wielding a scythe.
The old man approached.
The old man arched his back.
The old man asked me a favor.
The old man asked me a favour.
The old man asked me the time.
The old man assumed an impudent attitude.
The old man ate some rice porridge.
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
The old man barely missed being run over by a car.
The old man beat his dog to death.
The old man became childish before his death.
The old man begged me for money.
The old man beguiled the weary day with cards.
The old man breathed his last.
The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry.
The old man caught a big fish.
The old man complained about young people.
The old man complained that young people were lazy and entitled.
The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor.
The old man could not bear his misfortune.
The old man couldn't remember where he had parked his car.
The old man didn't want to outlive his wife.
The old man died from hunger.
The old man died last week.
The old man died of cancer.
The old man died this morning.
The old man died while trying to digest a dozen large pancakes.
The old man doesn't listen to anyone.
The old man drew a large crowd around him by his music.
The old man drew a large crowd with his music.
The old man envies the youth.
The old man escaped from the nursing home.
The old man escaped, but with difficulty.
The old man evidently thought that his son was exaggerating in his description of one or two trivial feats which I had performed.
The old man explained that other cars had honked at him in the traffic circle, and the younger family members understood immediately that he had been driving both slowly and in the wrong direction.
The old man fell down on the ground.
The old man freed the little fox from the trap.
The old man gave a signal, and everyone stood.
The old man gave her a small doll.
The old man gave me a useful piece of advice.
The old man gave the child shelter.
The old man got in her way.
The old man got misty-eyed.
The old man got off the bus.
The old man had a long gray beard.
The old man had a long grey beard.
The old man had a noble countenance.
The old man had a wizened face.
The old man had an innocent face, but in truth was a rogue.
The old man had been making white lightning for 50 years.
The old man had his back to me.
The old man had his only son die three years ago.
The old man had run so fast that he was out of breath.
The old man has enough money.
The old man has lived here all his life.
The old man has missing teeth.
The old man in front of us is ninety-two years old.
The old man in the wheelchair told me that he knew my mother when she was a teenager.
The old man is a mobster. Be careful, because he is a cold-blooded killer!
The old man is above ninety.
The old man is always accompanied by his grandson.
The old man is angry and bitter.
The old man is blind in one eye.
The old man is crazy.
The old man is frail.
The old man is hard to please.
The old man is near death.
The old man is possessed of great wealth.
The old man is pruning his rose bushes.
The old man is sitting at the window.
The old man is sitting.
The old man is taking a walk in the park.
The old man is the epitome of kindness.
The old man is very kind.
The old man is wise and knows many things about life.
The old man kept to himself.
The old man knows that he will die soon.
The old man laughed sadly.
The old man leaned forward and asked his wife with a soft voice.
The old man leaned on his staff.
The old man left a large fortune to his wife.
The old man lived by himself.
The old man lived in the three-room apartment.
The old man lived there alone.
The old man lived there by himself.
The old man lives alone.
The old man lives by himself.
The old man lives on his pension.
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.
The old man looked about for his hat.
The old man looked imposing.
The old man looked surprised at the news.
The old man looked wise.
The old man looks sad.
The old man lost his will to live.
The old man lost the will to live.
The old man made out his will.
The old man mumbled something.
The old man muttered something indistinctly and fell silent.
The old man muttered something under his breath.
The old man named the wooden doll Pinocchio.
The old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
The old man nodded as I entered the room, and he pushed his spectacles far up on his bald forehead.
The old man often looks back on his youth.
The old man opened the car window and aimed his gun at the bird.
The old man passed away this morning.
The old man planted a tree.
The old man possesses great wealth.
The old man predicted our success.
The old man prefers horse carriages to cars.
The old man pretended not to hear my question.
The old man protected this boy.
The old man rambled on.
The old man reminisced about the old days.
The old man retired from public life ten years ago.
The old man said something.
The old man sat all alone.
The old man sat behind a fortress of magazines and books, treacherously reading the funnies in a newspaper.
The old man sat cosily by his warm stove. The fire was blazing brightly and some apples were roasting in front of it.
The old man sat down.
The old man sat in the chair with his eyes closed.
The old man sat on a bench with his eyes closed.
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
The old man sat peacefully by the fireplace.
The old man sat surrounded by the children.
The old man saw my notebook and smiled at me.
The old man seemed happy.
The old man served the king for many years.
The old man set off at a quick trot.
The old man sits on the bench.
The old man sitting on the bench over there is my grandfather.
The old man sitting on the wall looked bored.
The old man slept very late that morning.
The old man slipped, fell, and hit his head on the pavement.
The old man snorted contemptuously.
The old man snorted with a sneer.
The old man sometimes talks to himself.
The old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth.
The old man spoke and, with a feeble throw, / at Pyrrhus with a harmless dart he drave. / The jarring metal blunts it, and below / the shield-boss, down it hangs, and foils the purposed blow.
The old man spoke to me in French.
The old man spoke with me in French.
The old man standing under the tree seemed confused.
The old man stands aloof from this world.
The old man started to laugh sadly.
The old man starved to death.
The old man stood motionless by the gate.
The old man stood on the hill.
The old man stood still at the gate.
The old man stopped for a moment to rest.
The old man stopped suddenly and looked back.
The old man stopped suddenly and looked round.
The old man stroked his beard thoughtfully.
The old man stumbled, fell, and hit his head on the pavement.
The old man suddenly started talking to me.
The old man tasted the balsam with his tongue, and found it good.
The old man tends to exaggerate.
The old man the boat.
The old man thinks the youth are stupid.
The old man told me a strange story.
The old man told the children an amusing story.
The old man told us about the amusing incident.
The old man took out his pocket diary and leafed through its pages.
The old man took the book out of my hand.
The old man took the boy.
The old man tried to hide his money under the ground.
The old man tripped over his own feet.
The old man walked across the road carefully.
The old man walked slowly.
The old man walked with a stick.
The old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares.
The old man was 99 years and four months old when he was made homeless.
The old man was accompanied by his grandchild.
The old man was accompanied by his granddaughter.
The old man was accompanied by his grandson.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
The old man was almost run over by a car.
The old man was always looking back on the good old days.
The old man was dressed in rags.
The old man was fast asleep when the bear came.
The old man was gone.
The old man was hard of hearing.
The old man was hit by a car and was immediately taken to the hospital.
The old man was in agony.
The old man was looking through the keyhole.
The old man was loved by all.
The old man was loved by everyone.
The old man was mumbling something.
The old man was muttered something.
The old man was muttering something under his breath.
The old man was not as mean as he looked.
The old man was plodding along.
The old man was respected by everyone for his wisdom.
The old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital.
The old man was run over and immediately taken to the hospital.
The old man was run over by a car.
The old man was seated on the sofa reading a book about art.
The old man was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
The old man was sitting on a bench.
The old man was sitting on the bench.
The old man was sitting there, with crossed legs.
The old man was sitting with his arms folded.
The old man was starved to death.
The old man was taken in by a salesman.
The old man was talking to his tablemates.
The old man was working in his garden, with his dog, as usual, close by.
The old man wasn't completely deaf, but he was hard of hearing.
The old man went after the boy.
The old man went back to his lodging.
The old man went mushrooming and got lost in the forest.
The old man who'd fallen was really Buddha.
The old man who’d fallen was really Buddha.
The old man with grey hair smiled contentedly.
The old man wondered why life had passed him by.
The old man wrote a letter to his son.
The old man you just saw is my grandfather.
The old man you saw today in the studio was Baron Hausberg. He is a great friend of mine, buys all my pictures and that sort of thing, and gave me a commission a month ago to paint him as a beggar.
The old man's anger melted.
The old man's beard was long and thin.
The old man's cat's still living.
The old man's face brightened suddenly.
The old man's face suddenly brightened.
The old man's gait is wonky.
The old man's house is further up the road.
The old man's narrative was punctuated by coughs.
The old man, in a voice that seldom rose above the howling of the wind upon the barren waste, was singing them a Christmas song.
The old mans hands lost strength.
The old man’s anger melted.
The old man’s narrative was punctuated by coughs.
The old map hinted at a treasure hidden deep in the forest.
The old masonry began to crumble.
The old masonry was beginning to crumble.
The old maths teacher Mr Miller has a smarter bicycle than most of his pupils.
The old mattress is not very comfortable.
The old mattress isn't very comfortable.
The old men and women gathered in the torch-lit wailing temple to cry throughout the night.
The old men like to meet on the street corner just to shoot the bull.
The old men slept on the puncheon floor of the cabin, while the rest bivouacked out in front.
The old men were talking about life.
The old method proved to be best after all.
The old monitor lead a second life as a fish tank.
The old mosque is located deep in the woods.
The old mosque was derelict and rotting.
The old mosque was disintegrating rapidly.
The old motto was retained.
The old movies they used to watch together always brought on a wave of nostalgia for William and his siblings.
The old must be respected.
The old name of the biggest city in Sabah was Jesselton.
The old oak tree stood majestically in the meadow.
The old oak tree stood tall and proud in the middle of the forest.
The old oak was almost higher than the house.
The old office was less illuminated.
The old parish church was closed due to its disrepair.
The old park became one of the most luxurious places in town.
The old park has become one of the most sought after places in the city.
The old people got sufficient care.
The old people make a habit of getting up early.
The old people received enough care.
The old people speak too slowly.
The old people were taken good care of.
The old person asked me a favor.
The old person breathed his last breath.
The old person died in their room.
The old person suddenly started talking to me.
The old person was living there by himself.
The old photo album brought back waves of nostalgia for William.
The old place has not obtained the result at all.
The old poet sat down again beside the stove, and took the little boy in his lap; he wrung the water out of his streaming hair, warmed the child's hands within his own, and gave him mulled wine to drink.
The old port is no longer enough for modern ships.
The old post office will be torn down soon.
The old problem is back.
The old professor often went to the city in a carriage.
The old professor's lectures are long-winded and ponderous.
The old proverb still holds good in our modern society.
The old quarry is now a popular swimming hole.
The old record player is still up in the attic.
The old record player's still up in the loft.
The old rules don't apply.
The old sailor walked with a cork leg after losing his limb in battle.
The old school building burned down.
The old school building caught fire.
The old selection process for judges was very unfair.
The old sergeant was not less moved than the captain.
The old shack seems to have weathered the storm pretty well.
The old ship is full of fish.
The old shrine used to stand there.
The old social system is slowly falling apart.
The old songs were much, much better.
The old stairs which lead up to the temple have many broken steps.
The old student still makes mistakes in the sentences he translates into Latin.
The old system was also better than this one.
The old system works.
The old teacher began to talk about the good old days.
The old teacher has an old bicycle.
The old teacher's got an old bike.
The old television set went for 10 dollars.
The old town is surrounded by a wall.
The old town is the largest in Spain and, along with Venice and Genoa, one of the three largest in Europe.
The old tree has many branches.
The old video rental stores have gone the way of the ghost.
The old village where William's ancestors came from always filled him with a sense of nostalgia and pride.
The old warehouse is no longer storing any noxious chemicals.
The old way of life is in stagnation; the new one is experiencing prenatal pains.
The old witch radiates bitterness and evil.
The old witch was greatly angered, but was obliged to pretend to be pleased. "Well," she said, "thou hast done all well."
The old woman at last found a nice spot by the river bank and put her basket down.
The old woman authorized her caretaker to manage her credit cards.
The old woman busied herself with her vegetable garden.
The old woman climbed the stairs with difficulty.
The old woman cooked up the salmon.
The old woman died this morning.
The old woman dried the salmon.
The old woman exited the bus.
The old woman extended a loving hand to the children.
The old woman fell an easy prey to the fraud.
The old woman fell and could not get up.
The old woman fell and couldn't get up anymore.
The old woman fingered each bead of her rosary with deep devotion.
The old woman gave it to her as a present and said she really wanted her to accept it.
The old woman gave me two interesting books.
The old woman got hurt when she fell.
The old woman got off the bus.
The old woman had a narrow escape from being run over by a car.
The old woman had suspected from the very first that the boy who had come to the rescue of her son was a girl in disguise.
The old woman has no one to help her.
The old woman has no one to wait on her.
The old woman has no one waiting for her.
The old woman is a doctor.
The old woman is busy in the garden.
The old woman is crossing the road.
The old woman is dead.
The old woman is getting better and is being taken good care of by a nurse from the hospital.
The old woman is ninety years old, but her cognitive abilities are impressive.
The old woman is sad.
The old woman is too weak to get out of bed.
The old woman knitted her brows.
The old woman lends money at the rate of three percent.
The old woman lived in a 3 room apartment by herself.
The old woman lives in a narrow alley behind the shopping centre.
The old woman lives in a yurt.
The old woman looked at me wickedly and suspiciously.
The old woman looked at me with surliness and mistrust.
The old woman peeped through the keyhole.
The old woman put a curse on Tom.
The old woman refuses to eat meat.
The old woman reminisced about the old days.
The old woman seemed happy.
The old woman seemed ready to fall down at any second.
The old woman seemed to fall down at any second.
The old woman sent a servant for the trunk.
The old woman sitting in the passenger seat of Tom's car seemed crazy.
The old woman smiled with a sigh of relief.
The old woman studied the visitor carefully.
The old woman thanked me for helping her across the street.
The old woman was accompanied by her grandchild.
The old woman was accompanied by her granddaughter.
The old woman was accompanied by her grandson.
The old woman was collecting firewood in the forest.
The old woman was delighted.
The old woman was ill in bed.
The old woman was looking through the keyhole.
The old woman was nearly run over.
The old woman was on her accustomed seat beneath the weeping birch, basking, with the listless enjoyment of age and infirmity, in the beams of the autumn sun.
The old woman was peeping through the keyhole.
The old woman was sick in bed.
The old woman was snugly sitting on a cushion.
The old woman was taken to a hospital, but she died not long after.
The old woman was wearing a Kabyle dress.
The old woman went, and soon returned along with the Princess.
The old woman wouldn't give her name.
The old woman wouldn't tell me her name.
The old woman you just saw is my grandmother.
The old woman's eyes closed, and the eyes of her soul were opened to see the hidden things.
The old woman's face had thousands of wrinkles.
The old woman's face has thousands of wrinkles.
The old women liked to quote Pope Gelasius I.
The old women readily quoted Pope Gelasius I.
The old wooden chest was full of letters.
The old-time school offered only the "three R's," and this was thought sufficient for an education.
The older I become, the less I understand.
The older I get, the lazier I become.
The older I get, the less I understand.
The older I get, the more I understand.
The older I get, the more clearly I remember things that never happened.
The older I get, the more difficult life becomes.
The older I get, the more forgetful I become.
The older I get, the more regularly I wake up with gunk in the corners of my eyelids.
The older Mary gets, the more unbearable she becomes.
The older Tom gets, the more he looks like his father.
The older Tom gets, the more like his father he becomes.
The older Tom gets, the sadder he becomes about having lost his daughter.
The older Tom gets, the sadder he gets about having lost his daughter.
The older Tom gets, the sadder it makes him to have lost his daughter.
The older a city is, the more rubbish it produces.
The older a town is, the more garbage it produces.
The older boys are always playing tricks on him.
The older boys are playing a game.
The older brother became a successful trader.
The older children helped the younger ones.
The older children took care of their younger siblings.
The older daughter wants to be British.
The older girl helped set the table.
The older girl is visiting at her friend's.
The older girl is visiting at her friend’s.
The older guests must always be served first, and then the younger ones.
The older he got, the more famous he became.
The older he grew, the more attractive he became.
The older he grew, the more modest he became.
The older lady lost her balance, but she managed to grab hold of her companion's arm.
The older man, who had recently had a stroke, thought that he was developing dementia.
The older mice that received a placebo had trouble remembering previous objects and scenarios despite repeated exposures. The adult mice treated with THC performed nearly as well as young rodents.
The older of the two daughters is in college.
The older one becomes, the more silent one gets.
The older one grows, the weaker one's memory becomes.
The older one grows, the weaker one’s memory becomes.
The older one is 10, and the other's 6.
The older ones do not always know more than the younger ones.
The older she grew, the more beautiful she became.
The older she grew, the more beautiful she become.
The older sister played the role of the mother.
The older son succeeded in doubling his inheritance.
The older the billy goat, the harder the horn.
The older the person, the more years he’s lived.
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.
The older we get, the faster time seems to fly.
The older we get, the more inattentive we become.
The older we get, the more we hear about things.
The older we get, the weaker our memory becomes.
The older we grow the less innocent we become.
The older we grow, the less innocent we become.
The older we grow, the less we dream.
The older we grow, the more forgetful we become.
The older we grow, the poorer our memory becomes.
The older you are, the more difficult it is to learn a language.
The older you become, the more you have to worry about your health.
The older you get doesn't mean you should become more religious.
The older you get, the less sleep you need.
The older you get, the more difficult it becomes to learn a new language.
The older you get, the more likely you are to die.
The older you grow, the more you tend to adhere to fixed ideas.
The older, the wiser.
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.
The oldest brother became a successful trader.
The oldest city in Europe still inhabited is called Vinkovci, which is in Croatia.
The oldest continuously issued combat medal is the Medal of Honor.
The oldest fossils at Grand Canyon are 1,200 million to 740 million years old.
The oldest haircare tool is the comb, invented more than 5000 years ago in Persia.
The oldest hippopotamus in captivity died aged 61 at a zoo in the American state of Indiana in 2012.
The oldest horse lived to the age of 62.
The oldest horse lived until the age of 62.
The oldest movie theater in town is being pulled down now.
The oldest of us is called Mikko.
The oldest preserved with faithfulness, the new in a friendly manner.
The oldest republic in Europe is named San Marino.
The oldest son succeeded in doubling his inheritance.
The oldest son succeeded in multiplying his inheritance.
The oldest woman in the village was the one who picked his name at birth.
The oldest woman in the world (117 years old) is Brazilian, from the State of Ceará.
The oleander is an evergreen shrub that doesn't require much care.
The oligarchic character of the modern English commonwealth does not rest, like many oligarchies, on the cruelty of the rich to the poor. It does not even rest on the kindness of the rich to the poor. It rests on the perennial and unfailing kindness of the poor to the rich.
The olive oil went bad.
The olive tree gives olives.
The olives are harvested in autumn.
The olives are harvested in the fall.
The olives are in the fridge.
The olives are subsequently placed in brine.
The olives will be harvested by the day laborers.
The olives will be picked by day laborers.
The olives will be picked by day labourers.
The olm is my favourite animal, due to its grotesque appearance.
The olm, or proteus, is found only in the underground lakes of Carniola and one or two other parts of Central Europe.
The olympic cauldron was lit by the hockey goaler Vladislav Tretiak and figure skater Irina Rodnina.
The omelette usually includes cheese.
The omelette will include cheese.
The ominous thunderstorm in the distance was gaining speed and strength.
The once-esoteric Thucydides is now regularly name-dropped in geopolitical circles.
The once-vibrant cotton industry took a nosedive in the 1990s and is only now starting to get back on its feet. But it might be too little too late.
The oncologist outlined a treatment plan for the cancer patient.
The one I bought was made in Australia.
The one I love never leaves my heart.
The one I love sent me a letter.
The one I love wrote me a letter.
The one I love, we should unite in marriage.
The one I loved most in life told me one day that she never loved me.
The one I wanted to buy cost way too much, so I bought this one.
The one I'm worried about is Tom.
The one Lisa holds a grudge against is Stan.
The one Robert should really be calling right now is his wife.
The one Tom misses the most is Mary.
The one and only dessert my son eats is chocolate cake.
The one and only reason that Tom learned Mongolian was for the "party effect", namely, in order to show off at events.
The one and the other don't have a connection.
The one bright spot is that new infections in China, the source of the virus, continue to fall.
The one charm about the past is that it is the past.
The one charm of the past is that it is the past.
The one doesn't preclude the other.
The one doing that ought to be me.
The one good thing you can say about an entry-level job is that there's lots of room for growth.
The one good thing you can say about an entry-level job is that there’s lots of room for growth.
The one holding a banner is waving it.
The one holding a book is my nephew.
The one holding the book is my nephew.
The one hundred meter champion is Jamaican.
The one in charge of the orchestra is called the conductor.
The one on the desk is mine.
The one option that quickly evaporated once the explosion occurred was completing the mission as planned.
The one person I know here is Tom.
The one resource more precious than any other was land.
The one responsible is your mother.
The one she loved was with her, and she knew that he loved her with all the strength of his true manly nature.
The one that gets beaten becomes disqualified.
The one that holds the cow's legs is just as guilty as the one who kills it.
The one that is able to define a problem, already solved half of it.
The one that just yesterday said he was guiding and leading finds himself, out of the blue, lying stiff in a wooden box; the others, after realising that he was worthless, burnt him in a furnace.
The one that makes the most money is Adriana, the web developer.
The one that teases is bad.
The one they wanted to hurt was Tom.
The one thing I know is that I know nothing.
The one thing that Mary hates the most is not being taken seriously.
The one thing that a fish can never find is water; and the one thing that man can never find is God.
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
The one thing to do is to do nothing. Wait.
The one time I didn't check my sandwich, they gave me the wrong order.
The one to whom I would have given the apple of my eye blinded me.
The one washing the car is Mr. Jones.
The one washing the car is Tom.
The one who behaves like the cat (as well as me, sometimes, there was a time), we say of him: "If he orders you to wash yourself, you might as well get dirty!"
The one who came will clothe them.
The one who can walk is able as well to dance, and the one who can talk, to sing.
The one who caused me so much trouble now wants to make me blind.
The one who demands much, gets much. The one who demands too much, gets nothing.
The one who deserves to be fired is Tom.
The one who did it was Ã‰amonn.
The one who did it was Éamonn.
The one who did that was Tom, not Mary.
The one who did that was Tom.
The one who did that wasn't Tom.
The one who did that wasn't me.
The one who did that yesterday was Tom.
The one who didn't anticipate.
The one who didn't do his calculations.
The one who didn't plan ahead.
The one who does not work, does not eat!
The one who does that is Tom.
The one who drew this picture was Tom.
The one who drives is the one who doesn't drink.
The one who finds it may keep it.
The one who follows all the stupid rules is not necessarily a good person, but much rather a slave.
The one who gets mad at me always turns resentful.
The one who gives the orders here is me!
The one who has everything can lose everything.
The one who has rendered a service should hold his tongue; it is up to the one who has received it to speak.
The one who helped Tom do that was Mary.
The one who helped me was that kid.
The one who is scared can be controlled.
The one who isn't suspicious is for that reason suspicious.
The one who loses is going to have to do the dishes.
The one who most influenced my life was no other than my late mother Mary.
The one who pays more people in the media is more right.
The one who pays the bills calls the shots.
The one who prepared best won the test.
The one who reads this report obtains all statements that are necessary to be able to check the facts by himself.
The one who said that is a liar.
The one who saved Mary's life was Tom.
The one who saved me was that kid.
The one who serves at the table is called a waiter.
The one who tells you the history of the country.
The one who uses this toothbrush isn't my mother.
The one who writes little makes few mistakes.
The one who wrote, read twice.
The one who's doing that is Tom.
The one who's unfair is you.
The one whose butt got burned has to sit on the blisters.
The one with a mustache is Tom.
The one with all the good ideas is Tom.
The one with the book is Marco.
The one with the guitar is Tom.
The one with the long hair is Maria, my coworker.
The one with the sophisticated beret is actually an aristocrat of ancient lineage.
The one with the unique headdress is the chieftain.
The one you're looking for is the guy sleeping at the table there.
The one-hundred-metre run starts at two in the afternoon.
The one-state solution is much better than the two-state solution that is doomed to fail anyway.
The one-state solution is the only fair solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem.
The oneness of God is the most central tenet in Islam.
The ones that are knowledgeable about how to run the affairs of my house.
The ones that don't make noise are dangerous.
The ones that were paid stayed mum.
The ones who come late get the bones.
The ones who lack courage, exceed in trickery.
The ones who shout at me don't bother me.
The ones who shout at me don’t bother me.
The ones who understood everything got the hell out!
The ones who were here have already left.
The ongoing conflict in Afghanistan has led to widespread displacement, economic hardship, and infrastructural damage.
The ongoing conflict in Western Sahara, with a divided territory and a heavily fortified wall separating the occupied areas from the liberated ones, creates a humanitarian crisis that can only be resolved through supporting the independence of Western Sahara.
The ongoing massacre against Kurds in Turkey should be punished.
The onions have already sprouted.
The online bullying campaign against Rodrigo involved a group of individuals who coordinated their attacks.
The online bullying directed at Rodrigo included spreading false rumors and malicious gossip about him.
The online bullying escalated to the point where Rodrigo received death threats and calls for physical harm.
The online bullying experience motivated Rodrigo to advocate for stricter regulations and education to combat cyberbullying.
The online bullying faced by Rodrigo highlights the importance of addressing cyberbullying and promoting digital safety.
The online bullying inflicted emotional distress on Rodrigo, affecting his self-esteem and well-being.
The online bullying intensified as anonymous users joined in, amplifying the harassment against Rodrigo.
The online bullying towards Rodrigo escalated to the point of threatening his safety.
The online bullying towards Rodrigo had a detrimental impact on his self-esteem and confidence.
The online bullying towards Rodrigo was persistent.
The online chatter about hot-button issues is reaching a fever pitch.
The online group was asked to report symptoms at least once a week — sooner if they had a problem — and given a list of common ones such as appetite loss, constipation, cough, diarrhea, shortness of breath, fatigue, hot flashes, nausea or pain.
The online service seems overwhelmed by demand.
The online streaming service is choppy.
The onlookers cheered her in amazement.
The onlookers cried in rival tumult that this, at all events, would be the last war in history; and an echo of their consoling philosophy carried to the departing troops and, in the belief that this was a war to end war, furnished them at last with a ready explanation of their going.
The onlookers watched nervously.
The only American civilians executed for espionage during the Cold War were Jewish.
The only Canadian here is Tom.
The only Canadian here is you.
The only Canadians here are Tom and Mary.
The only French speaker here is Tom.
The only French speakers here are Tom and Mary.
The only God, who exists eternally as three persons, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
The only Jews West Bank Palestinians know are armed settlers and soldiers.
The only Mexican food Mary likes is guacamole.
The only access to the farmhouse is across the fields.
The only access to the village is from the river.
The only accomplishment Elon has ever achieved is fucking up Twitter by making most of the already-existing features exclusive to Premium users.
The only advice I can give you is to talk to her with your heart on your sleeve.
The only alcohol I've ever drank is cough medicine.
The only alterations made in these letters (intended only for the home circle) has been in substituting fictitious names for those of friends.
The only alternatives are success and death.
The only amateur here is Tom.
The only and most dominant zodiac sign in the whole zodiac sign wheel is actually Capricorn.
The only animal that can laugh is none other than the man.
The only answer was war.
The only article I could find on Wikipedia was just a stub.
The only bar closed years ago and the nearest school and shops are a 5-kilometer drive away in a bigger village.
The only bed Tom has ever slept in is his own.
The only book Tom has ever read is the Bible.
The only book Tom reads is the Bible.
The only buddy he has is alcohol.
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
The only car Tom has ever driven is his father's.
The only car Tom has ever driven is his own.
The only carrot in the kitchen became the nose of the snowman we've built.
The only certified slut is you.
The only class Tom has ever failed was differential equations.
The only concert Tom has ever gone to was the one Mary gave last night.
The only constant in nature is change.
The only constant in the universe is change.
The only constant is change.
The only correct attitude towards today's world is that of cultivated gallows humor.
The only country Tom and Mary have ever gone to is Australia.
The only country Tom and Mary have ever lived in is Australia.
The only country Tom has ever gone to is Australia.
The only country Tom has ever lived in is Australia.
The only dance Tom can do is the waltz.
The only dessert I really like is ice cream.
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
The only difference between a bimbo and a prostitute is payment.
The only difference between an awful cook and a poisoner is the intention.
The only difference between children and men is the price of their toys.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I’m not mad.
The only difference between myself and a madman is that I am not mad.
The only doctor on duty is Jamal Sadiq.
The only door is Ziri's door.
The only drawback of a high-frequency movement is extra wear and tear on the components.
The only drivers for this hardware are not open source.
The only drivers for this hardware are proprietary.
The only drummer here is Tom.
The only drummers here are Tom and Mary.
The only e-bikes allowed in Denali are two- or three-wheeled cycles with fully operable pedals and an electric motor of less than 750 watts (1 horsepower).
The only evidence of the once stately pile of Castra Regis and its inhabitants was a shapeless huddle of shattered architecture, dimly seen as the keen breeze swept aside the cloud of acrid smoke which marked the site of the once lordly castle.
The only evidence was the fingerprints on the window.
The only evidence was the traces of semen stuck to the underwear.
The only excuse for absence is death. And even then, I want you back the next day.
The only fingerprints that the police found on the doorknob were Tom's.
The only fingerprints that the police found on the doorknob were Tom’s.
The only fish Tom likes is salmon.
The only fish Tom likes to eat is salmon.
The only flavor ice cream that Tom and Mary eat is vanilla.
The only flavor ice cream that Tom eats is vanilla.
The only flavor of ice cream that Tom and Mary eat is vanilla.
The only flavor of ice cream that Tom eats is vanilla.
The only flight available is a red eye flight next week.
The only foreign country Tom has ever gone to is Australia.
The only foreign country that Tom has ever gone to is Australia.
The only foreign language I can speak is French.
The only foreign language I'm very good at is French.
The only foreign language that I'm very good at is French.
The only foreign language that they taught at my school was French.
The only foreign language they taught at my school was French.
The only free seat left was the one next to Mary.
The only free seat left was the one next to Tom.
The only free seat was next to Tom.
The only functional drivers for this hardware are not open source.
The only functional drivers for this hardware are proprietary.
The only girl Tom ever really liked was Mary.
The only girl Tom has ever dated is Mary.
The only girl Tom has ever kissed is Mary.
The only girl Tom likes is Mary.
The only girl that will even talk to Tom is Mary.
The only girl who ever really liked Tom was Mary.
The only girl who's ever kissed Tom is Mary.
The only goal of the final match was scored by AndrÃ©s Iniesta.
The only god of those hellhounds is money.
The only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules.
The only good fascist is a dead fascist.
The only good light is that of the moon.
The only good thing about Trump is his incompetence.
The only greatness for man is immortality.
The only guarantee for a failure is not trying.
The only guy who could have told us has died.
The only guy who could've told us has died.
The only honest form of acknowledgement in Germany is envy.
The only hope I had was to talk him down and convince him to let me go.
The only hope is to escape.
The only human being that Nemesio had trust in was Mary.
The only idiot around here is you.
The only important things in life are love and work.
The only interaction he had was when people needed to borrow a hole puncher from him in class.
The only job Mary has ever had is the one she has now.
The only job Tom has ever had is the one he has now.
The only job Tom has ever had is the one that he has now.
The only job that Tom has ever had is the one he has now.
The only job that Tom has ever had is the one that he has now.
The only jobs Tom and Mary have ever had are the ones they have now.
The only kidney I have is functioning better than the two I had.
The only kind of music Tom listens to is jazz.
The only kind of music Tom listens to is punk rock.
The only known homicide in the area occurred back in 2004.
The only language Esther knows how to speak is Yiddish.
The only language I can speak fluently is English.
The only language I can speak is French.
The only language I can speak is Lower Sorbian.
The only language I can speak other than French is English.
The only language I know how to speak is French.
The only language I know naturally is Berber.
The only language I speak fluently is my mother tongue.
The only language I speak with my grandparents is French.
The only language Tom and Mary know how to speak is French.
The only language Tom can speak is French.
The only language Tom knows how to speak is French.
The only language Tom speaks is French.
The only language Yanni understands is Berber.
The only language that I can speak really well is French.
The only language that Tom can speak is French.
The only language we have in common is French.
The only language where spaces are usually put in front of question marks is French.
The only legal government in the island of Cyprus is the Republic of Cyprus.
The only light came from the TV.
The only light in the house was from the fireplace.
The only light in the kitchen came from the dancing red flames in the stove.
The only light in the room came from the lamp upon the table at which I had been reading.
The only light in the room was a dim red light.
The only light was coming from the TV screen.
The only light was from Felix's headlights.
The only limit is your imagination.
The only limit is your own imagination.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The only living things we met upon these llanos were the jack rabbits and an occasional roadrunner, which birds were very tame.
The only man I'm here to marry is Yidir.
The only man he had found willing to talk was senile and his conversation rambled wildly like a feather in a strong and particularly erratic whirlwind.
The only man over there always looks at you.
The only man who truly can't live without a woman is the gynecologist.
The only meat I eat is chicken.
The only metal that a metal detector can detect is the metal in another metal detector. That fact was instrumental in my parents' meeting.
The only metal that a metal detector can detect is the metal in another metal detector. That fact was instrumental in my parents’ meeting.
The only missing feature of Windows for Workgroups 3.11 is Turkish keyboard layout.
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
The only native French speaker here is you.
The only native speaker here is you.
The only natural enemies of beluga whales are polar bears.
The only natural satellite of the Earth is the Moon.
The only necessary things for you are tasty cheese and one bottle of black cherry jam.
The only nice guy here is Tom.
The only one I know in Australia is Tom.
The only one I know in Boston is Tom.
The only one I saw in the park was Tom.
The only one Yuri was really angry at was Martha.
The only one here over thirty is Tom.
The only one here that's able to do that is Tom.
The only one here who can do that is Tom.
The only one here who can probably do that is Tom.
The only one here who can probably go with us is Tom.
The only one here who can speak French is Tom.
The only one here who can't do that is Tom.
The only one here who can't go with us is Tom.
The only one here who can't swim is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't enjoy fishing is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't feel like doing that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't like doing that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't like fishing is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't like kayaking is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't like skiing is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't like swimming is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't regret doing that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
The only one here who doesn't want to go kayaking is Tom.
The only one here who has to do that is Tom.
The only one here who isn't able to do that is Tom.
The only one here who knows how to do that is you.
The only one here who knows how to speak French is Tom.
The only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
The only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
The only one here who wants to go camping with us is Tom.
The only one here who's able do that is Tom.
The only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
The only one here who's afraid is Tom.
The only one here who's afraid to do that is Tom.
The only one here who's afraid to go bungee jumping is Tom.
The only one here who's eager to do that is Tom.
The only one here who's reluctant to do that is Tom.
The only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
The only one here who's willing to go with us is Tom.
The only one in danger is you.
The only one over thirty here is Tom.
The only one under thirty here is Tom.
The only one we have is this one here.
The only one wearing a beret was Tom.
The only one who can do that is Tom.
The only one who can solve this problem is you.
The only one who can stop Tom is me.
The only one who can tell us what we need to know is Tom.
The only one who did not come was him.
The only one who didn't do that was Tom.
The only one who didn't do that yesterday was Tom.
The only one who didn't eat was Tom.
The only one who didn't go hiking with us yesterday was Tom.
The only one who didn't go roller skating was Tom.
The only one who didn't go swimming was Tom.
The only one who does that is Tom.
The only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket.
The only one who has a problem is you.
The only one who has a problem with this is you.
The only one who isn't going is you.
The only one who knows for sure is Mary.
The only one who knows for sure is Tom.
The only one who knows how to do that is Tom.
The only one who knows the truth is Tom.
The only one who knows what to do is Tom.
The only one who knows where Mary is hiding is Tom.
The only one who knows where Mary is is Tom.
The only one who laughed was Tom.
The only one who really knows that we did that is God.
The only one who really knows us is God.
The only one who really knows we did that is God.
The only one who really knows you is God.
The only one who really needs an ocelot pelt is the ocelot itself.
The only one who volunteered was Tom.
The only one who wants one of those is Tom.
The only one who wasn't drinking coffee was Tom.
The only one who's going back to Kabylie is me.
The only ones here that are able to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are able to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are afraid are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are afraid to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are afraid to go bungee jumping are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are eager to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are reluctant to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who are willing to go with us are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who aren't able to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can probably do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can probably go with us are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can speak French are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can't do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can't go with us are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't enjoy fishing are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't feel like doing that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like doing that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like fishing are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like kayaking are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like skiing are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like swimming are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't regret doing that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't want to go kayaking are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who know how to speak French are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who want to go camping with us are Tom and Mary.
The only ones over thirty here are Tom and Mary.
The only ones under thirty here are Tom and Mary.
The only ones who can do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones who can tell us what we need to know are Tom and Mary.
The only ones who do that are Tom and Mary.
The only ones who know for sure are Tom and Mary.
The only ones who know how to do that are Tom and Mary.
The only option we have is to learn to live with this noise.
The only organist here is you.
The only other object on the table was a small shaded lamp.
The only other person who has a key is Tom.
The only other question is where to stay.
The only pear left on the tree is rotten.
The only people I know here are Tom and Mary.
The only people a painter should know are people who are bête and beautiful, people who are an artistic pleasure to look at and an intellectual repose to talk to.
The only people here who can speak French are Tom and Mary.
The only people standing in front of the building are policemen.
The only people the settlers shoot at are the children of the natives who are called "terrorists."
The only people who can countermand the GM are the CEO, the GM, and his husband.
The only people who could've done this are Tom and Mary.
The only people who do this are tourists.
The only people who get student loans are people who can't afford college.
The only people who knew Ziri's disabled sister existed were their close relatives and neighbors.
The only people who knew about Leon's brother were his parents.
The only person I know here is Tom.
The only person I know in Australia is Tom.
The only person I know in Boston is Tom.
The only person I saw doing that was Tom.
The only person I saw in the park was Tom.
The only person I trust here is Tom.
The only person I trust is myself.
The only person Mary says she wants to talk to is Tom.
The only person Mary says she'll talk to is Tom.
The only person Tom and Mary say they want to talk to is John.
The only person Tom and Mary say they'll talk to is John.
The only person Tom ever talks about is Mary.
The only person Tom ever talks to is Mary.
The only person Tom ever wants to talk to is Mary.
The only person Tom knows here is me.
The only person Tom knows in Australia is Mary.
The only person Tom knows in Australia is me.
The only person Tom knows in Boston is Mary.
The only person Tom likes is Mary.
The only person Tom says he wants to talk to is Mary.
The only person Tom says he'll talk to is Mary.
The only person Tom wants to talk to is Mary.
The only person here that Tom knows is Mary.
The only person missing was Tom.
The only person sleeping was Tom.
The only person studying was Tom.
The only person that I know in Australia is Tom.
The only person that I saw doing that was Tom.
The only person that I trust here is Tom.
The only person that Tom knows in Australia is Mary.
The only person that Tom knows in Australia is me.
The only person that could've done this is Tom.
The only person who can do that is Tom.
The only person who could have done this is Tom.
The only person who could have possibly done that was Tom.
The only person who could've done this is Tom.
The only person who could've possibly done that was Tom.
The only person who didn't eat was Tom.
The only person who doesn't seem to understand is you.
The only person who hasn't paid is you.
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb.
The only person who knows it's Ziri's YouTube channel is Rima.
The only person who'd know that better than me is Tom.
The only person who's looking forward to Miss Cobb's return.
The only person who’s looking forward to Miss Cobb’s return.
The only person worse than a fool is an enthusiastic fool.
The only person you can really rely on is yourself.
The only person you can rely on is yourself.
The only pictures there are of Tom are backlit, meaning you can only see his silhouette.
The only pictures there are of Tom are backlit, which in essence means you can only see him in silhouette.
The only place I want to be right now is with you.
The only place Tom and Mary have ever gone is Boston.
The only place Tom and Mary have ever wanted to live is Boston.
The only place Tom hadn't looked was in the basement.
The only place Tom hadn’t looked was in the basement.
The only place Tom has ever gone is Boston.
The only place Tom has ever wanted to live is Boston.
The only place open this late is Chuck's Diner.
The only place that Tom has ever gone is Boston.
The only pleasant end I know of is the weekend.
The only plug-in that crashes on my browser is Flash.
The only political or military leader who has had an equally significant impact on the history of Europe is Adolf Hitler, who was more destructive than Napoleon, who at least had some accomplishments of lasting usefulness.
The only possible response to ignorance is to ignore it.
The only prize Yanni won was insults.
The only problem here is that there isn't anybody to translate these documents.
The only problem in this plan is Vladimir.
The only problem is Tom didn't finish his exam.
The only problem is Tom didn't leave.
The only problem is that Tom may already be dead.
The only problem is that she looks like my mom.
The only problem is there's no one here who can translate these documents.
The only problem is time.
The only problem is we don't know where to start.
The only problem is what to do when things go wrong at work now that I can't bite my nails anymore.
The only problem is where do we start looking?
The only problem was Tom didn't care.
The only problem was Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do.
The only problem was Tom didn't get along with Mary.
The only problem was that Sami was married.
The only problem was that Tom didn't really like Mary very much.
The only problem was that Tom didn't want to be here.
The only problem was that we didn't know how to do that.
The only problem was we didn't know how to do that.
The only problem we have is what to do with all this garbage.
The only problem with this plan is Skura.
The only proof was the remains of the semen which had stuck to the underwear.
The only publicly owned television channel which still fulfils its educational remit is Arte.
The only pupil Mary knows at this school is Tom.
The only pupil who Mary knows at this school is Tom.
The only question is how much money do we need.
The only question is how soon can we get this done.
The only question is how.
The only question is when we should start.
The only question is when.
The only question is where.
The only question is whether or not we should do that.
The only question is who's going to do it.
The only question is who.
The only question left is where to stay.
The only question now is how we're going to get enough money to pay our bills.
The only question now is how we're going to get home.
The only question that remains is whether we should help Tom do that.
The only question was why Tom did it.
The only question was why Tom did that.
The only real opposition in Algeria is the sovereignty of Kabylia.
The only real science is the knowledge of facts.
The only real solution to her sleep issues is to stop browsing social media in bed, but she doesn't want to hear it.
The only reason I did that was because I thought I had to.
The only reason I did that was because Tom asked me to.
The only reason I did that was because Tom told me to.
The only reason I did that was because you asked me to.
The only reason I did that was because you told me to.
The only reason I even came here was because of Tom.
The only reason I got blamed was that the boss needed someone to blame.
The only reason I laughed was because everyone else did.
The only reason I still work here is because I need money.
The only reason I still work here is because I need the money.
The only reason I still work is because I enjoy working.
The only reason I'm doing this is because you asked me to.
The only reason I'm here is that I was ordered to be here.
The only reason Mary came to Boston was because Tom asked her to.
The only reason Mary did that was because Tom asked her to.
The only reason Mary did that was because everybody else in her family did.
The only reason Mary did that was because everyone else in her family did.
The only reason Tom and Mary came to Boston was because John asked them to.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because John asked them to.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because everybody else in their family did.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because everyone else in their family did.
The only reason Tom came to Australia was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason Tom came to Australia was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Australia was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason Tom did that was because he had to.
The only reason Tom did that was because he was drunk.
The only reason Tom did that was to impress Mary.
The only reason Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The only reason Tom goes to the library is to see Mary.
The only reason Tom is famous is because he married a famous singer.
The only reason Tom wants to marry you is so he can get a green card.
The only reason Tom wants to marry you is so he can get a visa.
The only reason Tom went to Australia because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom went to Australia because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
The only reason my life is so mediocre is because I can't stop procrastinating.
The only reason she said yes is because you asked her.
The only reason she's not here is because she has a cold.
The only reason she's not here is because she's got a cold.
The only reason that Tom came to Australia was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason that Tom came to Australia was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom came to Australia was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom came to Boston was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason that Tom came to Boston was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom came to Boston was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom came was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason that Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom did that was because he had to.
The only reason that Tom did that was because he was drunk.
The only reason that Tom did that was because he was forced to.
The only reason that Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The only reason that Tom is famous is because he married a famous singer.
The only reason that Tom went to Australia because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom went to Australia because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The only reason to be a human being, is to be.
The only reason we haven't got yet divorced are the children.
The only reason why Ferdinand Magellan could claim to be the first man to sail across all of the world's meridians was because Christopher Columbus had chosen to swim.
The only reason why Ferdinand Magellan could claim to be the first man to sail across all of the world’s meridians was because Christopher Columbus had chosen to swim.
The only reason why I haven't quit my job is because I'm scared I won't find another one.
The only reason why Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
The only remaining economic link between the two countries, already on the edge of falling apart, further frazzled on Friday.
The only remaining region in the world where obesity is uncommon is sub-Saharan Africa.
The only remorse Fadil showed was for the fact he was caught.
The only remorse Sami showed was over the fact he was caught.
The only restaurant that Tom and Mary really like is the one across the street.
The only restaurant that Tom really likes is the one across the street.
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
The only road connecting his home to the local market is very narrow, a one-way track, built by piling dirt between two plots of farmland.
The only room available is a double.
The only rooms up there are bedrooms.
The only seat left was next to Tom.
The only seat was next to Tom.
The only secret that women can keep is the one they don't know about.
The only serious injury over the past two months was to a man who was hit by flying lava that broke his leg.
The only solution is for her to give up the plan.
The only solution is to escape.
The only solution is to push the truck.
The only solution is to take their children away from them by force to be raised by civilized people.
The only solution now is to push forward.
The only solution was a war.
The only solution was war.
The only song Tom has ever written was the one he just sang.
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
The only sound we could hear was the wind outside.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
The only source of light is Ziri's car.
The only source of light was the fire in the fireplace, and soon everyone was tired and fell asleep.
The only source of light was the light from the kitchen.
The only spice Tom puts on meat is pepper.
The only spoke Berber.
The only sport Tom and Mary are any good at is tennis.
The only sport Tom is any good at is tennis.
The only sport Tom is good at is tennis.
The only store I know that has this textbook is just down the street.
The only students who pass are the ones who work.
The only sure thing is death.
The only sweetener Yanni uses to prepare fig jam is honey.
The only thief I know is Yanni.
The only thing Gabriel can do is wait.
The only thing I ate yesterday was half an apple.
The only thing I bought today was this pair of shoes.
The only thing I can do after dinner is watch television.
The only thing I can do is bring a cup of tea.
The only thing I can see this morning is the thick fog surrounding our house.
The only thing I can't eat are onions.
The only thing I could hear was the sound of rain.
The only thing I did during my vacation was golf.
The only thing I drank was a cup of coffee.
The only thing I drink is beer, but its alcohol content isn't very high.
The only thing I fear is not trying at all.
The only thing I hate more than public speaking is math.
The only thing I have now are memories.
The only thing I know about you is your name.
The only thing I know is that I know nothing.
The only thing I long for now is to see my parents again.
The only thing I saw on the table was an apple.
The only thing I want from them is that they leave me in peace.
The only thing I want is for you to be happy.
The only thing I want is revenge.
The only thing I want is to be with you.
The only thing I want to do is go fishing.
The only thing I want to do now is sleep.
The only thing I want to do right now is sleep.
The only thing I want to do today is watch TV.
The only thing I'm told is to stay out of the sun.
The only thing I've eaten all day is just one banana.
The only thing I've eaten all day was the banana I ate for breakfast.
The only thing I've eaten all day was the banana that I ate for breakfast.
The only thing I've ever seen a dog turn down was spam.
The only thing Layla wants is a man.
The only thing Mary ever gave me was her old jacket.
The only thing Oleg could give Rima was a necklace.
The only thing Sami ever sent me was an old book.
The only thing Tom and Mary ever do is complain.
The only thing Tom and Mary ever gave me were their old jackets.
The only thing Tom and Mary like to do after dinner is watch TV.
The only thing Tom and Mary need now is a little patience.
The only thing Tom ate was one slice of bread.
The only thing Tom could do was wait.
The only thing Tom does all day is watch TV.
The only thing Tom does is read.
The only thing Tom does is watch TV.
The only thing Tom does is work.
The only thing Tom does nowadays is watch TV.
The only thing Tom drinks is coffee.
The only thing Tom drinks is tea.
The only thing Tom eats is fruit.
The only thing Tom ever did was watch TV.
The only thing Tom ever does is complain.
The only thing Tom ever eats for breakfast is oatmeal.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was an old book.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was his old jacket.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was this T-shirt.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was this hat.
The only thing Tom ever talks about is his job.
The only thing Tom ever wanted to do was watch TV.
The only thing Tom has been talking about recently is his new house.
The only thing Tom is interested in is football.
The only thing Tom knows how to cook is spaghetti.
The only thing Tom likes to do after dinner is watch TV.
The only thing Tom needs now is a little patience.
The only thing Tom really enjoys is playing chess with Mary.
The only thing Tom talks about is work.
The only thing Tom wants is money.
The only thing Tom wants now is something to eat.
The only thing Ziri could see was darkness.
The only thing Ziri wants is sex.
The only thing Ziri wore was a blue tunic.
The only thing constant in this world is change.
The only thing everybody here wants is for you to find someone you'd be happy with.
The only thing flowing through Tom's veins was pure, unadulterated rage.
The only thing he cares about is himself.
The only thing he cares about is money.
The only thing he did before he briskly went on ahead was give us a map. The remainder of us could only rely on the map to figure out where to go.
The only thing he eats is candy.
The only thing he's thinking about is seeing her.
The only thing he’s thinking about is seeing her.
The only thing in my life left unfinished was my relationship.
The only thing in the world which one can never receive or give too much is love.
The only thing is, unicorns don't exist.
The only thing keeping Tom alive was the hope of seeing Mary again one day.
The only thing left for man to explore is his own soul; everything else around him has been explored.
The only thing left to do is to pour the concrete into the mold.
The only thing left to do is wait!
The only thing lions fear is elephants.
The only thing my wife knows how to cook is spaghetti.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is the laziness of good people.
The only thing needed here is to keep the order.
The only thing on his desk was a note left by his mother telling him to go buy lunch in the neighborhood because she hadn't had the time to make it.
The only thing on my mind now is eating delicious food.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn't eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn’t eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
The only thing one never regrets are one's mistakes.
The only thing one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
The only thing preventing us from accomplishing ours goals are our doubts.
The only thing she cares about is herself.
The only thing that I drank was a cup of coffee.
The only thing that I know for certain is that I exist.
The only thing that I missed when I went camping was the toilet in my home.
The only thing that I want is for you to be happy.
The only thing that I want is to sleep.
The only thing that I want to do now is to sleep.
The only thing that I've eaten all day was the banana I ate for breakfast.
The only thing that I've eaten all day was the banana that I ate for breakfast.
The only thing that Tom ate was one slice of bread.
The only thing that Tom drinks is coffee.
The only thing that Tom is interested in is football.
The only thing that Tom knows how to cook is scrambled eggs.
The only thing that Tom will miss about Mary is the bed.
The only thing that doesn't require skill is an appetite.
The only thing that doesn’t require skill is an appetite.
The only thing that is more precious than any resource is land.
The only thing that mattered to Sami was his family's happiness.
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren’t impolite to his boss.
The only thing that matters is that we are all together.
The only thing that matters is that you are alive.
The only thing that matters is that you are safe.
The only thing that matters is that you weren't injured.
The only thing that matters is that you weren’t injured.
The only thing that matters is the final product not the process.
The only thing that matters is to find a cheap car.
The only thing that matters is what you do today, yesterday is gone.
The only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job.
The only thing that matters is whether or not your teacher thinks your report is good enough.
The only thing that matters isn’t size.
The only thing that matters to Tom is how much money he makes.
The only thing that my wife knows how to cook is spaghetti.
The only thing that really matters is that you're safe now.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you did your best.
The only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you.
The only thing that remained sacred to Gunter was church.
The only thing that remains is for Tom to abandon this idea.
The only thing that remains unknown to man is man himself.
The only thing that reminded Boldi of the accident was that broken watch.
The only thing that socialists understand about money is that they want to take it from others.
The only thing that stops a bad country with nukes is a good country with nukes.
The only thing that the teacher was really caring about was his students.
The only thing that we can do is wait and see what happens.
The only thing that we expect from you is that you keep your promise.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is co-operation.
The only thing that would have made it better is if it was cooked.
The only thing that you need to know in order to realize that most people are idiots, is that rap music is the most popular music in the world.
The only thing that's certain in life is death.
The only thing that's certain is uncertainty.
The only thing we can ask of others, is not to guess at how lame we are.
The only thing we can do is try it.
The only thing we can do is wait and see what happens.
The only thing we can do is wait.
The only thing we can do now is eat.
The only thing we could do was sit and wait.
The only thing we could do was to bear with it.
The only thing we could do was wait.
The only thing we do is follow Mary.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
The only thing we need is water.
The only thing what the government does is putting the country in debt.
The only thing worse than Tom's personality was his taste in wallpaper.
The only thing worse than a communist is a communist who thinks he’s not a communist.
The only thing worse than an idiot is a zealous idiot.
The only thing you can do is wait.
The only thing you can learn from history is that you can't learn anything from history.
The only thing you can learn from history is that you can’t learn anything from history.
The only thing you care about is money.
The only thing you have to do is shut your mouth.
The only thing you have to do is stay still and not say anything.
The only thing you have to do is to keep your mouth shut.
The only thing you need is a laptop and an Internet connection.
The only thing you need to do is go there.
The only thing you need to do is wait.
The only thing you should do is wait.
The only things I've gotten from you were things I really didn't need.
The only things that were taken were cans of tuna fish.
The only things that worry brings are white hair, prescription drugs and medicine.
The only things we did was what we were told to do.
The only time I can get anything done is when the children are napping.
The only time I eat popcorn is when I'm watching a movie.
The only time I ever did that was when I did it with you.
The only time I feel at peace is when I'm asleep.
The only time I wear glasses is when I read.
The only time I'm truly happy is when he's hugging me.
The only time Tom gets to spend with his children is on weekends.
The only time Tom seems to be happy is when he's with Mary.
The only time Tom seems to be happy is when he’s with Mary.
The only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip.
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
The only time printers don't work is when you need them to.
The only time some of my acquaintances talk to me is to post some birthday love onto my Facebook wall.
The only time that I eat popcorn is when I'm watching a movie.
The only time that I wear glasses is when I read.
The only time that Tom left the room was just before we ate dinner.
The only time you talk to me is when you need some money.
The only train that crosses the city doesn't carry passengers but raw materials.
The only trouble I've ever had was dealing with people who didn't like my personality.
The only trouble I’ve ever had was dealing with people who didn’t like my personality.
The only true goal of education is simply to teach man how to learn for himself.
The only true goal of the human being is to constantly live in joy and happiness.
The only true language in the world is a kiss.
The only true mistake is to stop trying.
The only truly international language is English. Long ago it was Latin. Esperanto is a candidate. Does Toki Pona stand a chance?
The only truly international language is translation.
The only truth is reality.
The only two languages Tom can speak are French and English.
The only two people that know exactly what happened are dead.
The only university Tom applied to was Harvard.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
The only useful knowledge is that which teaches us how to seek what is good and avoid what is evil.
The only vegetarian here is Tom.
The only vegetarians here are Tom and Mary.
The only water fountains that work are near the entrance of the school.
The only way I can eat oatmeal is with a lot of sugar.
The only way I can eat porridge is with lots of sugar.
The only way I see my family is through the Internet.
The only way forward is chemotherapy. But I can't guarantee anything.
The only way forward is with willpower.
The only way is up.
The only way machine learning can really work is if machines get as much information as possible, that way they can take notice of every rule along with every exception.
The only way on Earth to multiply happiness is to divide it.
The only way out is through that door.
The only way out of here is the same way we came in.
The only way out of here is through that door.
The only way out of today's misery is for people to become worthy of each other's trust.
The only way this is going to happen is in secret.
The only way to achieve great things in life is to first leave your comfort zone.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The only way to escape air pollution is to live in the middle of nowhere.
The only way to find out what happened is to ask Tom.
The only way to find out whether you can do that is to try.
The only way to find this gold was by panning.
The only way to fly is first class.
The only way to force people to leave a place where they have lived for hundreds of years is by using force.
The only way to get rid of a modern dictator is to assassinate him.
The only way to get something out of life is to throw yourself into it with all your might.
The only way to get there is to hitch a ride.
The only way to get to Tom's house from here is on foot.
The only way to handle him is to let him think he is having his own way.
The only way to have a friend is to be a friend.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
The only way to increase happiness in the world is to divide it up.
The only way to knock some sense into them is by roughing them up a little.
The only way to know if it fits is to try it on.
The only way to lift them out of poverty is by forcibly reeducating them and destroying their backwards language and culture.
The only way to lose weight is to create a caloric deficit by burning more calories than you eat.
The only way to really learn Berber is by moving to a Berber-speaking region like Kabylie, Algeria.
The only way to salvage the situation, he said, was to reduce the birth rate.
The only way to stop the pain is to stop the source of the pain.
The only way to succeed is to try and try again.
The only way to tackle this problem is through the creation of a new international body.
The only way to unlock the door is to open it from the inside.
The only way to win is not to play.
The only way to win the next world war is to prevent it.
The only way was to ask her for help.
The only way when friends quarrel is to see it out fairly in a friendly manner, as a man may call it, either with a fist, or sword, or pistol, according as they like, and then let it be all over.
The only weapon Tom had was his knife.
The only weapons I have in my home are water pistols.
The only website Tom and Mary visit at least once a day is this one.
The only website Tom visits at least once a day is this one.
The only window in our hotel room opens onto a smelly alley.
The only witness to the crime was Fadil.
The only woman I'm here to marry is Skura.
The only word Ziri knows today is study, study, study.
The only word of Thai I know is "ká."
The only word written on the page was the word "frog."
The only written accent German has is the umlaut.
The only zodiac sign that can really tops all the rankings is actually Capricorn.
The only zodiac sign that can rise to the top rankings of the best zodiac sign is actually Capricorn.
The only zodiac sign that comes nearest to perfection is actually Capricorn.
The only zodiac sign that is worth gold is Capricorn itself.
The only zodiac sign that owns the world is actually Capricorn.
The onset of a crisis is usually triggered by a spectacular failure which shakes confidence in fictitious forms of capital.
The onset of malaria is marked by nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, and headache.
The onset of menarche is influenced by many factors, including genetics and nutrition, and the age of menarche varies significantly across the world.
The onus is on all of them.
The onus is on the prosecution team to prove that Yanni killed his wife.
The onus is on the teacher to make sure the student is actually learning something.
The onus should fall on platforms.
The opacity of the glass made it unsuitable for windowpanes.
The opacity of the lens is a function of the glass from which it was made.
The opah is equipped with specialized blood vessels that carry warm blood to its gills to rewarm the blood that cools as the fish breathes and absorbs oxygen from the water.
The opah is one of the most colorful of the commercial fish species, and is particularly popular in Hawaii.
The opah is the only known fully warm-blooded fish that circulates heated blood throughout its body.
The opah's fins are crimson, and its large eyes are encircled with gold.
The opah's overall red with white spots and turns a silvery-grey when it dies.
The opal deposit gives Mary enough to pay for the machinery and lead a comfortable enough life.
The opal deposit gives Mary enough to pay for the machinery and lead a fairly comfortable life.
The open doors of the greenhouse let in the smells of the greenery and the scents of the tropics.
The open-air concert was cancelled because of the rain.
The open-air concert was cancelled because of the storm.
The opencast lignite mines in Germany cover tens of square kilometers.
The opening address alone lasted one hour.
The opening address was a success.
The opening address was given by Tom.
The opening address went very well.
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.
The opening ceremony of the Olympics includes a parade of nations and the lighting of the Olympic cauldron.
The opening ceremony took place on schedule.
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.
The opening ceremony was held in a blizzard.
The opening in this sweater is small and my head won't go through.
The opening is too small.
The opening of the airport has already been postponed several times.
The opening of the airport was postponed.
The opening of the country had a great influence on Japanese civilization.
The opening statement went smoothly.
The opening times are the same for all days except Saturdays and Sundays.
The openness and accessibility of the Japanese house are a distinguishing feature of Japan; and no foreigner visits that country without bringing away delightful memories of the peculiarly characteristic dwellings of the Japanese.
The openness was made pleasant to him, and he used to be alone in the Cave of Hira, and he would sing about it.
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings.
The opera ain’t over till the fat lady sings.
The opera at Monte Carlo is housed in the end of the Casino building nearest the Hotel de Paris, so that the Countess Rémond and her two companions had only to cross the street. It was to the private entrance that the baron led the way. Here the prince paused.
The opera singer has a beautiful voice.
The opera singer held a charity concert of his own accord.
The opera singer tested her voice gingerly after recovering from throat surgery.
The opera starts at seven.
The opera was graced with the august presence of the Crown Prince and Princess.
The operating room was so intimidating.
The operating room was so scary.
The operation begins at dawn.
The operation cannot wait.
The operation had to be kept secret.
The operation is accompanied by a lot of pain.
The operation is now in effect.
The operation is quite free from danger.
The operation lasted six hours.
The operation lasted three hours.
The operation moves the ileum closer to the pancreas, the organ that makes the insulin we need to process sugar into energy. A digestive hormone in the transposed intestine stimulates the pancreas to secrete more insulin, so diabetics don't need to take it artificially. Ileum transposition also corrects insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetics, according to Erik Wilson, who performs bariatric surgery at the University of Texas Houston.
The operation of a computer keyboard requires less effort than that of a manual typewriter.
The operation of this machine is too difficult for me.
The operation system is being updated.
The operation violates international law.
The operation was a complete success.
The operation was a success.
The operation was carried out successfully.
The operation was codenamed "Forest."
The operation was not a success.
The operation was painless.
The operation was really touch and go there for awhile but the doctor thinks he'll pull through.
The operation was really touch and go there for awhile but the doctor thinks he’ll pull through.
The operation was successful and Rima has given birth to a healthy little girl.
The operation was successful.
The operation was very serious, but Tom came through.
The operation went really well.
The operation went smoothly.
The operation went well.
The operation will be performed tomorrow.
The operational reservist actively supports the armed forces during exercises or specific missions.
The operator lost control over the robot.
The operator put me through to Canada.
The operator put me through to New York.
The operator refused to put Tom's call through.
The operator told me to hang up and wait for a moment.
The opinion column discusses the importance of voting.
The opinion of a third party is more likely to be trustworthy.
The opinion poll was based on a random sample of adults.
The opinion that one has of oneself determines one's destiny.
The opinions of others are all the same to me.
The opinions that are held with passion are always those for which no good ground exists; indeed the passion is the measure of the holder's lack of rational conviction. Opinions in politics and religion are almost always held passionately.
The opinions that are held with passion are always those for which no good ground exists; indeed the passion is the measure of the holder’s lack of rational conviction. Opinions in politics and religion are almost always held passionately.
The opioid crisis has continued to worsen while public health officials have been preoccupied with the pandemic.
The opioid epidemic is intentional, a form of eugenics.
The opium-smoker, still portly and well-dressed, is entreated by his poor wife on bended knees to desist from the disastrous habit.
The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.
The opossum loves to collect small shiny things, like pieces of glass or metal bottle caps, to ornament its "luxurious" nest.
The opponent died Friday in prison after years of political persecution.
The opponent participates in slowing down the event.
The opportunistic predators have caused the extinction of some ground-dwelling birds and small to medium-sized mammals.
The opportunities are endless.
The opportunities here are boundless!
The opportunities of man are limited only by his imagination.
The opportunity is definitely there.
The opportunity is often lost in deliberating.
The opportunity was grasped at immediately.
The opportunity was too good to be missed; appealed irresistibly to the humorous side of the listener; frivolity gained the day.
The opposing team did not put up much of a fight, so we won hands down.
The opposing team is very good.
The opposing team scored a point at the last minute.
The opposite also is true.
The opposite is actually true.
The opposite is also true.
The opposite is not always true.
The opposite is not necessarily true.
The opposite is often true.
The opposite is the case.
The opposite is true.
The opposite of "heavy" is "light."
The opposite of "inconvenient" is "convenient".
The opposite of a blessing is a curse.
The opposite of a correct statement is an incorrect statement, but the opposite of a great truth may be another great truth.
The opposite of a fact is falsehood, but the opposite of one profound truth may very well be another profound truth.
The opposite of atheism isn't Christianity.
The opposite of cross-eyed is "wall-eyed".
The opposite of easy is difficult.
The opposite of egoism is communism.
The opposite of friendship is enmity.
The opposite of peace is war.
The opposite of poverty is not wealth; the opposite of poverty is justice.
The opposite of the word truth is lie.
The opposite of transgender is cisgender.
The opposite of uncomfortable is comfortable.
The opposite of wrong is right.
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.
The opposite sides of a rectangle are parallel.
The opposite will not always turn out to be true.
The opposite will not necessarily turn out to be true.
The opposites yin and yang pursue each other through time.
The opposition accused the prime minister of negligence.
The opposition blames the government.
The opposition formed a line in the box to try and block Messi from scoring.
The opposition had some harsh criticism for the leading party.
The opposition has decried the law as unconstitutional.
The opposition have defiantly formed their own, parallel committee, delaying the election and prompting international concern.
The opposition is just a bunch of antiquated politicians.
The opposition is rubbing their hands together in malice.
The opposition is weak.
The opposition minnows fought a desperate rearguard action in defence of their one-goal lead.
The opposition party claimed that approving the bill by a vote late at night was a political ploy.
The opposition party is still harping on the scandal.
The opposition party put forward a bill to reduce income tax.
The opposition was divided.
The oppressed people cried out for their liberty.
The oppression of women is a social issue.
The oppression of women is closely linked to capitalist exploitation.
The optimal formula which would encompass all these factors has not been proposed.
The optimal order is not 1-2-3 but 3-1-2.
The optimist looks into a mirror and becomes more optimistic, the pessimist more pessimistic.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist is afraid that is indeed the case.
The option was designed to help people listening to recorded language lessons.
The options are clear.
The options are unlimited.
The optometrist measures the patient's visual acuity.
The oracle was fulfilled.
The oral HIV test has become popular for a number of reasons, including its acceptability and ease of use.
The orange alien is orb-shaped with 18 tentacles.
The orange appears rotten inside.
The orange blossoms are pretty.
The orange didn't taste either sweet or sour.
The orange didn’t taste either sweet or sour.
The orange fell from the counter.
The orange fell off the counter.
The orange is a hybrid between a pomelo and a mandarin.
The orange is on the table.
The orange is orange.
The orange is withered.
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.
The orange rolled off the counter.
The oranges cost 7 pence each.
The oranges in this bag are rotten.
The orbit around Sirius is elliptical.
The orbit of Mars around the Sun is extremely elliptical.
The orbiting of Earth around the Sun obeys many complicated laws of physics.
The orc chieftain snarled.
The orca caught a seal.
The orca is one of the largest predators in the ocean.
The orcas are orca-nizing.
The orcas are organizing.
The orchard is surrounded by a fence.
The orchard on the slope below the house was in a bridal flush of pinky-white bloom, hummed over by a myriad of bees.
The orchard wasn't open to the public.
The orchard, with its great sweeping boughs that bent to the ground with fruit, proved so delightful that the little girls spent most of the afternoon in it, sitting in a grassy corner where the frost had spared the green and the mellow autumn sunshine lingered warmly, eating apples and talking as hard as they could.
The orchardist grafted an apple bud onto the rootstock.
The orchestra began to play the Algerian national anthem and everyone stood to attention.
The orchestra began to play.
The orchestra can't play together.
The orchestra employed is the usual large orchestra of the moderns, and Puccini adds a third flute, a contrabassoon, a celesta, and for the special effects in the opening of the third act a set of bells.
The orchestra entered on the downbeat of the conductor's baton.
The orchestra is drowning out the singer's voice.
The orchestra is out of tune.
The orchestra is playing a flourish.
The orchestra is playing out of tune.
The orchestra is playing.
The orchestra makes discordant noises when tuning up.
The orchestra members respected Mr Smith as a conductor.
The orchestra played at sixes and sevens.
The orchestra played well.
The orchestra played wonderful symphonies.
The orchestra plays nightly the whole night through.
The orchestra started playing.
The orchestra started to play.
The orchestra struck up nostalgic music.
The orchestra was playing a waltz.
The orchestra's tuning up.
The orchid is Singapore's national flower.
The orcs live in a ghetto in this city.
The orcs live in a ghetto on the northeast side of the city.
The orcs unintentionally unearthed a being of immense power, who enslaved them.
The ordeal was over once the noise stopped.
The order came too late.
The order is not fixed.
The order is shipping on time even though it was placed at the very last second.
The order was given to abandon ship.
The order was obeyed.
The order was to secure a bridgehead behind enemy lines.
The ordered item will be delivered to you by mail.
The ordinary croup of infants is spasmodic croup, and is very rarely dangerous, although the symptoms seem very alarming.
The ordinary mortal is not capable of working twenty hours a day.
The ordinary people had their livelihood in farming rice.
The organ is supported by red marble columns and embellished with countless decorations.
The organ of this cathedral is made of ebony, except the pipes of course.
The organ started to play.
The organisation provided refugees with food.
The organisation provided the refugees with food.
The organiser wanted to see you.
The organisers of the marathon said that the event would go ahead, regardless of the weather conditions.
The organism was found to be capable of photosynthesis.
The organisms are alien.
The organist chose an unusual registration for this passage.
The organist played Messiaen, and notes of all colors and aromas rained down upon the rapt audience in the nave of the church.
The organist was elderly.
The organization "Doctors Without Borders" received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999.
The organization failed.
The organization furnished the refugees with food.
The organization helps the poor.
The organization is big.
The organization is concerned with the welfare of the aged.
The organization is not connected with any political parties.
The organization is underwritten by grants from philanthropists.
The organization of employers is an organization with a great deal of influence.
The organization of the text has value in writing.
The organization plays a principal role in wildlife conservation.
The organization said on Friday it had been barred from bringing aid in, but still hoped to be able to get there and subsequently evacuate civilians.
The organization says they hope to launch a flyby mission to our galactic next-door neighbor, Alpha Centauri, some time within a generation.
The organization that honors movies with the Academy Awards will require films to meet new standards in order to promote diversity both on the screen and behind the scenes.
The organization was designated as a terrorist group.
The organization was once quite active, but now it's effectively moribund.
The organization, in its role as an importer and wholesaler and as a development trade organization, complies with the relevant external guidelines and is audited to verify compliance with the guidelines.
The organizations were able to unify all members.
The organizers say the cleanup efforts have removed more than three million tons of trash over the years. And they say their ultimate goal is to make the Potomac River trash-free by 2013.
The organizers tried to keep the audience calm.
The orgasm swept away her gloomy thoughts.
The orgy was canceled due to an illness.
The origin of Kings, you say, is as ancient as that of the sun.
The origin of Yankee Doodle, perhaps the most famous American national air, is unknown. It is supposed to have been an English tune. At any rate, it was introduced into America by the British troops in 1775.
The origin of the Basque language is unknown.
The origin of the fire in not obvious.
The origin of the fire is unknown.
The origin of the name has been debated.
The origin of the problem lies in the lack of communication between departments.
The origin of the universe has been studied by man since antiquity.
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
The origin of the word is unclear.
The origin of this hubbub soon became sufficiently evident.
The origin of this word is unknown.
The original Taj Mahal, adorned with Rajasthan marble, Chinese crystal, Tibetan turquoise and silver from Ceylon, was made with backbreaking manual labor over 12 years.
The original acid test used hydrochloric and nitric acid to distinguish gold from base metals.
The original and the copy are easily distinguished since the one is much more vivid than the other.
The original and the copy are easily distinguished.
The original book dealt primarily with the natural language processing of English.
The original city of Cirta or Kirta, the capital of the Numidian kings, has entirely disappeared, and no traces are now left of the splendid palace of Syphax, or of the fine buildings that Micipsa is said to have built here.
The original design needed work.
The original document is in English, whereas the translated version is in Turkish. Can you control these papers and determine whether the translation is correct in terms of grammar, syntax, and naturalness?
The original edition is great, but the Portuguese translation contains errors.
The original episodes of Star Trek put him in a trance.
The original fog collection nets used were insufficiently resistant to the high winds and tore but a partnership with the German non-profit Water Foundation allowed Dar Si Hmad to develop a stronger net.
The original is unfaithful to the translation.
The original language of the Quran is Arabic.
The original name of the Kabyle language is "Taqbaylit".
The original owner of this ranch was Ziri.
The original purpose of the Silk Road was not for trade.
The original purpose of the building wasn't known.
The original qipao covered most of a woman's body, revealing only the head, the hands and the tips of the toes, in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age.
The original qipao covered most of a woman’s body, revealing only the head, the hands and the tips of the toes, in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age.
The original qipao was wide and loose.
The original religions in the Americas were various Animistic.
The original religions of ancient humans, and perhaps ancestral species of humans, in all inhabited continents, were Animistic.
The original sentence means the opposite.
The original series ran for six seasons.
The original song sounds much better.
The original version of the song sounds much better.
The original was more accurate.
The original was stolen last year.
The original was written as a school textbook.
The original wooden window frames were replaced with stone and tinted glass.
The origins are not known.
The origins of Berbers and their connections were long debated by historians and archaeologists.
The origins of the meme are unknown.
The origins of the meme—a humorous image, video or words that spread rapidly on the internet—are unknown.
The origins of the phrase 'Seven Seas' can be traced to ancient times.
The origins of the universe have been studied by humanity since antiquity.
The origins of these people is shrouded in mystery.
The ornate cornice adorned the top of the building.
The orphan children were told to behave themselves.
The orphan is the one who doesn't have a mom or dad.
The orphan met his two sisters when he was five years old.
The orphan met up with his two sisters when he was five years old.
The orphan needs food.
The orphan was fostered by the wealthy man.
The orphan wept with grief over his misfortune.
The orphans were taken to the orphanage.
The orthodontist told him he'd need braces for at least two years.
The orthopedic surgeon repaired 17 labral tears that month.
The oryx walked directly up to Ziri.
The osprey and the sea mew, fly down to catch fish, but the Heron catches them while standing on the banks. The bittern puts its bill into the water and bellows like an ox. The water wagtail wags its tail.
The ostrich has wings, but it cannot fly.
The ostrich is a flightless bird.
The ostrich is the biggest of all birds.
The other Tom is too busy to love me!
The other animals of the forest came to watch the wedding dance, and they, too, danced all night in the moonlight.
The other approach that worked was to introduce male and female mosquitos, both infected with Wolbachia, into a mosquito population. Over time, the Wolbachia-infected mosquitos replaced the Zika- and Dengue-infected mosquitos by making them sterile.
The other boys bullied Tom.
The other boys laughed.
The other boys smiled.
The other boys snickered.
The other boys teased him when he got his hair cut.
The other branch of the Iranian, the Avestan, is the language of the Avesta or sacred books of the Parsees, the followers of Zoroaster, founder of the religion of the fire-worshippers.
The other chair is broken.
The other children call her Piggy.
The other children call him Fatty.
The other children laughed.
The other children often laughed at me.
The other colonies began sending troops to help.
The other committee consists of four members.
The other creatures came out and attacked Gunter.
The other day I attended a class reunion of my elementary school.
The other day I came across a book that you might like.
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.
The other day I had lunch with someone I used to admire in secondary school, and they now seem even cooler.
The other day I met Meg in Kyoto.
The other day I met an old friend on the street.
The other day I met my former neighbour in the city.
The other day I noticed I was driving around with the parking brake on. It's a wonder the car could even move.
The other day I noticed I was driving around with the parking brake on. It’s a wonder the car could even move.
The other day I ran into Meg in Kyoto.
The other day I ran out of gas in the middle of a busy Interstate.
The other day I ran out of petrol in the middle of a busy motorway.
The other day I saw an old friend of mine.
The other day I saw the girl.
The other day I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school and happened to find a book I had been looking for for a long time.
The other day I visited the museum.
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.
The other day I went on an overseas trip with my mother.
The other day he bought a wallet made of kangaroo leather for me.
The other day he said to me, "I will lend you this book tomorrow."
The other day he suggested we meet in a coffee shop.
The other day her mother passed away in the hospital.
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
The other day they took my wallet while I was strolling along the beach.
The other day we had a telephone call from a man whose wife was going to have a baby.
The other day we went to ask after his brother.
The other day when I stopped by at a friend's house, it wasn't my friend that came out of the front door, but her husband.
The other day when I stopped by at a friend’s house, it wasn’t my friend that came out of the front door, but her husband.
The other day you said you lost your umbrella. Did you ever find it?
The other day, I bought a camera.
The other day, I found a book written by my father.
The other day, I got a call from Tom.
The other day, I got a call from her.
The other day, I met Tom in Boston.
The other day, I met him in Kyoto.
The other day, I met one of my classmates on the street.
The other day, I met one of my old classmates on the street.
The other day, I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school and happened to find a book I had been looking for for a long time.
The other day, I stumbled upon an old photo album.
The other day, I thought about you.
The other day, I watched a Kashmiri science-fiction film.
The other day, a water quality inspection was carried out at our house. We had it done by a certain famous company's Environment Analysis Center or some such name.
The other day, a water quality inspection was carried out at our house. We had it done by a certain famous company’s Environment Analysis Center or some such name.
The other day, it was raining heavily, all the time.
The other day, something horrible happened in the busy square.
The other day, the fellow who delivers bottled water rattled his cartful of plastic jugs down the hall.
The other day, we chose Yoshida to be the catcher on our school's baseball team.
The other day, we chose Yoshida to be the catcher on our school’s baseball team.
The other figures in the painting are depicted with slight foreshortening.
The other four are ugly.
The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
The other girls in Mary's class teased her about her clothes.
The other girls just can't compare to Rima.
The other girls laughed at her.
The other girls laughed.
The other girls mocked her and picked on her.
The other girls teased her about her clothes.
The other girls were already there.
The other girls were jealous.
The other grasped his arm.
The other great work of Eratosthenes was his “Geographies,” including all previous knowledge on the subject, just as the “Elements” of Euclid had included all previous mathematical knowledge.
The other guest did this.
The other guests extended a friendly invitation to him to sit with them at their table.
The other guests kindly invited him to sit with them at their table.
The other guys didn't give up, so we didn't either.
The other half is for you.
The other half is yours.
The other inmates were afraid of Ziri.
The other kids aren't talking.
The other kids at school made fun of him because of his strange accent.
The other kids managed to scarper, but Michael was caught.
The other kids smiled.
The other kids wouldn't play with him.
The other leaned against a tree hard by.
The other lift is faster than this one.
The other lift only stops on the second floor.
The other lift stops only on the second floor.
The other night I was extremely on time!
The other one doesn't work.
The other one doesn’t work.
The other one has already received a blue letter.
The other one is no good.
The other one looks better on you.
The other one refuses to hide.
The other ones weren't persistent enough.
The other parked truck was still there.
The other part of why corn syrup is in everything is that it's cheap.
The other part of why corn syrup is in everything is that it’s cheap.
The other passengers looked on curiously, and enviously, when they heard where he and his sister were going.
The other people are idiots!
The other policemen began shooting at the crowd.
The other pupils laughed.
The other room lit up.
The other said to him: "You're fake news", in so-called English. And he became president.
The other semifinal Saturday will be a battle between two Russians: unseeded Anastassia Rodionova and number seven Elena Bovina.
The other shoe was nowhere in the store.
The other side of the lake belongs to Switzerland.
The other students arrived.
The other students laughed.
The other team has an unbeatable defense.
The other team has some really good players.
The other team stole your flames! Touch the tail to get them back!
The other team took us lightly.
The other team tried to keep them from crossing the line.
The other team tried to prevent him from crossing the line.
The other team tried to stop it crossing the line.
The other things Tom said aren't true.
The other tiler, glad of any kind of diversion from the monotony of his labour, had also turned to look towards the quarter designated.
The other took him to the summit.
The other two translations don't match, either.
The other was about fifteen years younger, short, stout, ruddy-faced, and red-haired, with an open, resolute, and cheerful eye, to which careless and fearless freedom and inward daring gave fire and expression, notwithstanding its light grey colour.
The other was about fifteen years younger, short, stout, ruddy-faced, and red-haired, with an open, resolute, and cheerful eye.
The others are coming later.
The others are in the conference room with Tom.
The others are leaving. What do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while?
The others are playing outside.
The others are skeptical.
The others are waiting for me.
The others are waiting.
The others can't be bothered.
The others can’t be bothered.
The others don't want Tom here.
The others don't want her here.
The others don't want him here.
The others don't want me here.
The others don't want them here.
The others don't want us here.
The others don't want you here.
The others have already licked the bottom of the pot.
The others have to try and catch the murderer.
The others in the class are laughing at me.
The others laughed.
The others looked surprised.
The others need to be warned.
The others paid no attention to her warning.
The others played, but Tom just looked on.
The others sent either a friend or a secretary.
The others weren't so lucky.
The others will arrive in a few minutes.
The others won’t be happy.
The otherwise dark and serious comic is punctuated by pages of zany side stories.
The otolaryngologist suffered from hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia.
The otter features in mythology and folklore across the world.
The otter has the long body of many mustelids, but is specialized for aquatic life.
The otter swam playfully in the lake.
The otter was playing in the river.
The out-of-pocket expenses are quite low with my health insurance.
The outboard motor won't start. Is there a garage near here?
The outbreak of World War II, in 1939, made it impossible to carry out the match between Alexander Alekhine and Paul Keres for the World Chess Championship at that time.
The outbreak prompted Ireland to temporarily close schools, universities and child care facilities.
The outcome depends entirely on your own efforts.
The outcome didn't meet our expectations.
The outcome is uncertain.
The outcome leaves nothing to be desired.
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
The outcome of that experiment was disastrous.
The outcome of the election is doubtful.
The outcome of the elections is a mixed bag.
The outcome of the test shows that the system has already fulfilled all design requirements.
The outcome of the tournament hinges on the results of this match.
The outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict.
The outcome of the war was a foregone conclusion.
The outcome of war is uncertain.
The outcome wasn't even close.
The outcries of the angels go unheard by ordinary human ears.
The outcry would not abate.
The outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm.
The outdoor market should be packed, but just a few people have braved a hot sun to haggle over flat-screen TVs and gaudy rugs trucked over from Libya, just 30 kilometers away.
The outdoor spa at this hot spring is wonderful.
The outdoor spa at this hot-spring is wonderful.
The outdoor swimming pool is to be closed.
The outer layer of cells of plants is also called the epidermis.
The outer part of the ear is made of cartilage.
The outer planets are large gaseous spheres with rings and include Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
The outer toes then begin to dwindle, and the newly-born foal supports itself on its central digit alone; but horses are occasionally born with two digits, each encased in a hoof, and at very rare intervals with three.
The outer walls are double-insulated.
The outhouse stood a couple meters from the treeline.
The outlaw escaped into the night.
The outlaw left a note in the saloon.
The outlaw left a trail of clues.
The outlaws escaped into the forest.
The outlaw’s trail was getting colder.
The outline is indistinct, but it looks like the silhouette of a man.
The outlook for our business isn't good.
The outlook for our business isn’t good.
The outlook for planning the defense is grim.
The outlook for the defense is grim.
The outlook for the defense program is dismal.
The outlook is bleak if society doesn't change, but it still can, Watson said.
The outlook is bleak.
The outlook is grim.
The outlook remains bright.
The outlook was negative.
The output at this factory has increased by 20%.
The output is way below last year's level.
The output is way below last year’s level.
The output of E->J translation software can be improved greatly by the way the user utilises it.
The output of this factory has increased by 20%.
The output power of a one square meter solar panel is about one watt, so it is difficult to use solar power on a large scale at present.
The outraged employee resigned at once.
The outside light was off.
The outside of the castle was painted white.
The outside of the house was very run down.
The outside of this box is green, but the inside is red.
The outside walls of the auditorium are terribly stained. It is, in part, due to acid rain.
The outside weather has been pretty bad for the past three days.
The outside weather has never looked so grim in a long time.
The outside windows are dirty.
The outside world cannot be indifferent to the suffering of the Palestinian people.
The outside world frightens me.
The outsiders don't quit their philosophy of novelties.
The outsiders just like the artistic names of folders and files on my computer systems.
The outskirts of the cities are poorer.
The oval office is in the White House.
The ovaries develop with the growth of the female, so that, finally, at the pubescent period, they ripen and liberate an ovum, or germ vesicle, which is carried into the uterine cavity through the Fallopian tubes.
The oven and stovetop should be clean and free of spills.
The oven and stovetop should be kept clean and free of debris.
The oven and stovetop should be left clean and grease-free.
The oven in my house didn't run well today.
The oven in my house didn’t run well today.
The oven is broken.
The oven is hot.
The oven is in the kitchen.
The oven is on.
The oven is still warm.
The oven must be pre-heated to 200 degrees.
The oven needs to be pre-heated to 200 degrees.
The oven was plugged in.
The oven's hot so be careful not to burn yourself.
The oven's on.
The over presence and domination of English in the European blogosphere works against interaction and dissemination of debate.
The overall atmosphere of the room was peaceful and relaxing.
The overall cost of the work will be about $200.
The overall goal of the Juno mission is to improve our understanding of the solar system by understanding the origin and evolution of Jupiter.
The overall literacy rate is around 55%, and is significantly lower for women than for men.
The overall meaning of the sentence is narrowed, but we once again have no idea what will follow.
The overall mood was optimistic.
The overall mood was particularly cordial, much more cordial than the earlier meetings, which have been cordial enough, but this one was particularly cordial.
The overall outlook for the economy is bleak.
The overall output was tons.
The overall thrust of her argument was that women are still oppressed in all areas of life.
The overall trend shows a decline in bird species.
The overdose scared me into taking better care of myself.
The overland trails and the relatively slow pace of the wagon trains were deceptively peaceful.
The overpass is ginormous.
The overrated luxury car didn't perform well.
The overture contains all of the main themes.
The overwhelming crescendo by the orchestra was exciting.
The overwhelming majority of Algerians is of indigenous Berber descent.
The overwhelming majority of LGB people don't support removing TQ from the acronym.
The overwhelming majority of lesbians support trans people; the movement to claim otherwise is an actual lesbian erasure movement.
The overwhelming majority of mass shooters could pass a psychiatric evaluation, and many did.
The overwhelming majority of species that have existed throughout the biological history of planet Earth have already gone extinct; there aren't many reasons to believe "Homo sapiens" is going to be exceptional at this point.
The overwhelming majority of them stayed in Algeria.
The owl blames the sparrow for having too big a head.
The owl can see in the dark.
The owl didn't catch a single thing all night.
The owl eats meat.
The owl flew farther into the night.
The owl flew into the woods.
The owl gave a loud screech.
The owl has the most beautiful chicks in the forest.
The owl heard the mouse in the brush.
The owl hooted softly from its perch.
The owl hoots 'woo woo'.
The owl hoots.
The owl hunts the rats.
The owl is a bird of prey.
The owl is a nocturnal animal.
The owl is slow on foot.
The owl kills her young, and afterwards she cries about it.
The owl nested in the attic.
The owl rose straight upward.
The owl takes off.
The owlets come out of the egg dressed in soft, fluffy down. In some of the family it is gray, in others it is snowy white. They are carefully fed and reared by their loving parents.
The owls foretell the death.
The owner couldn't be located.
The owner declared: be welcome!
The owner is a friend of Yanni's.
The owner lives above the store.
The owner never says hello.
The owner of Playfish is Electronic Arts.
The owner of a construction company is not working-class.
The owner of that building is living on the 5th floor of this building.
The owner of that cabin was murdered five years ago.
The owner of the flat speaks excellent English.
The owner of the flower shop said no one is buying flowers.
The owner of the house is a kind soul.
The owner of the house is a nice person.
The owner of the small dog gripped its neck and scolded it.
The owner of the store was killed during the robbery.
The owner of the vehicle is Tom.
The owner of this apartment building lives on the third floor.
The owner of this bar never sells liquor on credit.
The owner of this company is a bitchy lady.
The owner of this dog is an idiot.
The owner of this house has two twins.
The owner of this house is Mr. Yamada.
The owner of this house is Tom.
The owner of this pipe is obviously a muscular man, left-handed, with an excellent set of teeth, careless in his habits, and with no need to practise economy.
The owner sold the building for what he wanted.
The owner was also a manager.
The owner wishes to rent the house.
The owner's explanation is clear.
The owner's eye fattens the horse.
The owners appointed him manager.
The owners brought in a hatchet man to fire all the union sympathizers.
The owners of the apartment performed all the work themselves.
The owners want you out of this house by next Monday.
The ownership of the farm could be transferred to Ziri.
The ownership of women begins in the lower barbarian stages of culture, apparently with the seizure of female captives. The original reason for the seizure and appropriation of women seems to have been their usefulness as trophies.
The ox is the male of the cow.
The ox ran away. But why did the donkey follow him?
The oxen are plowing.
The oxidation and unique yellowing process of this tea type contribute to its distinct taste.
The oxpecker attached itself to the giraffe.
The oxygen in Earth's atmosphere comes from living things, but oxygen can also be produced by inorganic chemical reactions.
The oyster creates pearls, the bee creates honey, and humans create problems.
The oyster makes the pearl, the bee makes honey, man makes science.
The ozone and aerosol-measuring instrument is set for a March 2016 launch to the International Space Station.
The ozone damaging the lungs of these young adults is an invisible gas, made of three oxygen atoms. When it's inhaled, ozone can irritate and inflame the sensitive internal tissues of the respiratory system. Nolen adds that ozone is usually accompanied by particle pollution such as diesel engine exhaust, which can cause further problems like heart attacks and strokes.
The ozone hole over Antarctica is expected to gradually become less severe as chlorofluorocarbons—chlorine-containing synthetic compounds once frequently used as refrigerants – continue to decline. Scientists expect the Antarctic ozone hole to recover back to 1980 levels around 2070.
The ozone in the stratosphere absorbs ultraviolet radiation.
The ozone layer continues to be further destroyed every year.
The ozone layer helps protect us from ultraviolet radiation from the sun.
The pH scale is logarithmic.
The pace of events is accelerating.
The pachyderms took part in the King’s Cup Elephant Polo Tournament. Fifty-one of the competitors were teenage females. Each weighed about three tons. They carried a player, who gives directions, and a mahout, who helps to guide the animal. The owners of the elephants lent them to corporations which finance the teams.
The pacing was slow, and the plot lacked excitement, which made it difficult to keep reading.
The pack of cigarettes is empty.
The pack of jackals continued to close in on Dmitri.
The pack of wild dogs howled all night.
The pack-ice has become thinner.
The package arrived safe and sound.
The package arrived sooner than I expected.
The package arrived three hours ago.
The package arrived yesterday afternoon.
The package comes from Algeria.
The package had a "handle with care" sticker on it.
The package had a sticker on it that said "Handle with care".
The package holiday was cheap, but the food left a lot to be desired.
The package insert for this medicine contains important information about dosage and side effects.
The package is here.
The package is in Queens.
The package left the warehouse yesterday.
The package that Tom has been waiting for is finally here.
The package was addressed to Tom.
The package was confiscated by customs.
The package was delivered on time.
The package was delivered yesterday.
The package was seized by customs.
The package was wrapped in brown paper.
The package was wrapped in thick paper.
The package will arrive in London on August 17.
The package will arrive on Friday or Saturday.
The package will probably arrive in the afternoon.
The package won't fit in the mailbox.
The package would have been delivered if it had not snowed.
The packages must have been damaged during the transport.
The packaging has been updated but the contents are unchanged.
The packaging is more expensive than the product.
The packaging of this product is damaged.
The packaging was crushed, but the contents were ok.
The packet of sugar has holes in it.
The packing list for the business trip includes an umbrella, gloves, and a belt.
The paddle steamer is just leaving port.
The paediatric practice is on the fifth floor.
The paediatrician's practice is on the fifth floor.
The pagan nations of antiquity always had a tendency to worship the sun, under different names, as the giver of light and life. And their festivals in its honor took place near the winter solstice, the shortest day in the year, when the sun in December begins its upward course, thrilling men with the first distant promise of spring.
The page immediately after chapter ten in the book had been torn off.
The page is lagging.
The page scrolled down forever.
The page to which he is referring no longer exists.
The page was all in Berber.
The page was perforated so that it could be easily torn off.
The page won't load.
The page you requested, enforces users to verify using two-factor authentication for security reasons.
The page you were looking for could not be found.
The pageantry can best be seen in California’s 640,000 acre Anza-Borrego Desert State Park, northeast of San Diego, where visitors can wander among the fanfare of hot pink Bigelow’s Monkey Flower, purple Sand Verbena, and white and yellow Evening Primrose.
The pages I printed were about astrology.
The pages are turning yellow with the years.
The pages of this old book smell so sweet.
The pagination controls need to be fixed.
The pagoda's on fire.
