He didn’t stop the car.
He didn’t study at all.
He didn’t take an umbrella with him.
He didn’t tell John about the accident.
He didn’t tell a lie. As a matter of fact, he told the whole truth.
He didn’t tell me what the matter was.
He didn’t tell the truth for fear she should get angry.
He didn’t tell the truth to the police.
He didn’t trust his brother enough to confide in him.
He didn’t try to answer her back.
He didn’t turn up after all.
He didn’t used to drink.
He didn’t want to antagonize her.
He didn’t want to call the police.
He didn’t want to disappoint his wife by giving up his new position.
He didn’t want to part with his house.
He didn’t want to take today’s test, so he made believe that he was sick, and didn’t go to school.
He didn’t waste a single minute, thinking constantly about how to survive and how to improve his condition.
He died a beggar.
He died a few days before his hundredth birthday.
He died a few days later.
He died a few hours later.
He died a few years ago.
He died a happy man.
He died a hero.
He died a long time ago.
He died a natural death.
He died a painful death.
He died a quick death.
He died a sad death.
He died a slow horrible death after professing to all his friends that the cause of his calamity was that which he did in Jerusalem.
He died a soldier's death in the battle in the cause of democracy.
He died a soldier’s death in the battle in the cause of democracy.
He died a strange death.
He died a week later.
He died a while ago.
He died a year ago.
He died about eight hours later.
He died after a brief illness.
He died after a day-long drinking binge.
He died after a long illness.
He died after contracting a bad disease.
He died after naming his successor.
He died aged 54 years.
He died aged 54.
He died almost instantly.
He died alone.
He died alone. His family abandoned him long ago.
He died an unnatural death.
He died and his soul went to hell.
He died and left his son a fortune.
He died as he was returning to England.
He died at 2:30.
He died at 83 years old.
He died at a very old age.
He died at a young age.
He died at age 54.
He died at home.
He died at the age of 54.
He died at the age of 70.
He died at the age of 71.
He died at the age of ninety years.
He died at the age of seventy.
He died because he fell sick.
He died because of you.
He died before I arrived.
He died before he could realize his dream.
He died before he hit the ground.
He died before reaching three years old.
He died before the ambulance arrived.
He died before the rescuers arrived.
He died believing that he had found the fabled golden city of the Incas.
He died by hitting his head while trying to do a backflip.
He died by the roadside.
He died content with his life.
He died diving into a cave.
He died doing what he loved.
He died during surgery.
He died during the battle.
He died eight years ago.
He died fighting in the Vietnam War.
He died fighting.
He died five years ago.
He died five years earlier.
He died for his country.
He died for his ideas.
He died four to six weeks ago.
He died from a jellyfish sting.
He died from a wound in the chest after a week.
He died from acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
He died from eating too much.
He died from his injuries.
He died from injuries sustained in a skateboarding accident.
He died from lack of oxygen.
He died from overwork.
He died from the cold last night.
He died from tuberculosis.
He died from wounds.
He died his hair pink.
He died immediately.
He died in 1960.
He died in 2013.
He died in Hatvan.
He died in a concentration camp.
He died in a horse riding accident.
He died in a hotel.
He died in a plane crash.
He died in a youth correctional facility.
He died in an avalanche.
He died in battle.
He died in bed.
He died in front of my eyes.
He died in her arms.
He died in his arms.
He died in his bed.
He died in his cell.
He died in his rented home.
He died in his sleep last night.
He died in his sleep.
He died in his thirties.
He died in jail.
He died in my arms.
He died in prison.
He died in that big fire.
He died in the bed.
He died in the living room.
He died in the performance of his duty.
He died in the prime of his life.
He died in the traffic accident.
He died in the war.
He died in their arms.
He died in your arms.
He died instantly.
He died just as he was trying to say something to her.
He died last night.
He died last week.
He died last year of old age.
He died last year.
He died lately.
He died laughing.
He died leaving his beloved children behind.
He died leaving his widow and this one boy, with a small business, a long doctor's bill, and sad memories of the past.
He died long time ago; he’s pushing up daisies by now.
He died making a YouTube video.
He died of a drug overdose.
He died of a heart attack on the stage.
He died of a heart attack.
He died of cancer last year.
He died of cancer of the stomach.
He died of cancer.
He died of gastric cancer.
He died of honorable dysentery.
He died of hunger.
He died of lung cancer.
He died of natural causes.
He died of old age two years ago.
He died of old age.
He died of pneumonia.
He died of starvation.
He died of that disease.
He died on his farm.
He died on his thirtieth birthday.
He died on the battlefield.
He died on the day his son arrived.
He died on the spot.
He died one year ago.
He died peacefully in bed at the age of 86.
He died peacefully in his sleep.
He died playing poker.
He died previous to my arrival.
He died quickly.
He died quite suddenly of heart failure.
He died rather young. He'd just turned 59 years old.
He died recently.
He died seven years ago, this very night.
He died so that we can live.
He died so that we could live.
He died so that we may live.
He died some years since.
He died soon after he received the documents.
He died soon after the accident.
He died suddenly at the age of 65.
He died suddenly.
He died ten years ago.
He died that day.
He died the next day.
He died there.
He died three days after her.
He died three days after.
He died three days later.
He died three months after her.
He died three months ago in Devonshire.
He died three years ago.
He died trying to rescue her.
He died trying to save her.
He died trying to swallow a die.
He died two hours later.
He died unexpectedly.
He died when a tree fell on him.
He died when he was 54 years old.
He died when he was 97.
He died when he was scarcely thirty.
He died when he was seventy years old.
He died when he was thirty.
He died when he was very young.
He died within a few days of his hundredth birthday.
He died without a will.
He died without an heir.
He died without having been able to found a home.
He died without having made a will.
He died without posterity.
He died yesterday.
He died young.
He died, not her.
He died, so we might live.
He died.
He dies for Sparta.
He dies so that others may live!
He differs from his brother.
He differs from me in some ways.
He differs from the common run of student.
He differs in opinion from her.
He digs untiring with his shovel, yet the hole is not deep enough, never deep enough.
He dipped his head underwater to take a look.
He dipped his head underwater.
He dipped his spoon into the soup.
He dipped his toe into the water.
He dipped into this bottle or that, drawing out a few drops of each with his glass pipette, and finally brought a test-tube containing a solution over to the table. In his right hand he held a slip of litmus-paper.
He dipped the doughnut in the milk.
He dipped the ladle into the bubbling cauldron.
He directed a school play rehearsal.
He directed all his energy to his business.
He directed his remarks at the professor.
He directed the robot's movements, mingling with guests and watching from the sidelines as his daughter danced at the wedding party.
He directs the elephant by using his feet and voice.
He directs the school choir.
He dirtied them for you.
He disagreed with Mary.
He disagreed with his father.
He disagreed.
He disagrees with her.
He disagrees with his relatives.
He disappeared a couple of hours later.
He disappeared again.
He disappeared at dawn.
He disappeared at daybreak.
He disappeared from Algeria.
He disappeared from Pyongyang, North Korea.
He disappeared from my life.
He disappeared from social media.
He disappeared from this town.
He disappeared in an instant.
He disappeared in the crowd.
He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop.
He disappeared into the corridor.
He disappeared into the crowd.
He disappeared into the distance.
He disappeared into thin air.
He disappeared mysteriously.
He disappeared off the face of the earth.
He disappeared recently.
He disappeared suddenly under very mysterious circumstances.
He disappeared upon the third of December, 1878—nearly ten years ago.
He disappeared without a trace.
He disappeared without saying a word.
He disappeared, taking advantage of the confusion.
He disappeared.
He disappointed her.
He disappointed me.
He disappointed us all.
He disappoints.
He disassembled his computer.
He disassembled the watch.
He discarded the food.
He discharged his duties with care.
He discharged his duties.
He disclaimed all responsibility for the accident.
He disclosed his intentions.
He disclosed my secret.
He disclosed to me that he had been in prison.
He discomfited her by asking a personal question.
He discouraged me.
He discovered America.
He discovered Islam in Algeria.
He discovered Islam.
He discovered a cure.
He discovered a door to the past.
He discovered a new star.
He discovered a secret hideout filled with food.
He discovered a secret passage.
He discovered another face of Algeria.
He discovered excrements of a bear.
He discovered her exact identity.
He discovered how to open the box.
He discovered many beautiful things in Islam.
He discovered new music every day using the Internet.
He discovered something else.
He discovered something in this house.
He discovered that he had made a mistake.
He discovered that it simply wasn't possible to get there on foot.
He discovered that it simply wasn't possible to walk there.
He discovered that she had dated his best friend.
He discovered that.
He discovered the pink pole.
He discovered the three laws of physics.
He discovered the truth.
He discovered this.
He discovered three laws of physics.
He discreetly walked out of the kitchen area.
He discussed books with his friends.
He discussed college options with senior students.
He discussed his plans with her.
He discussed his project with her.
He discussed human rights.
He discussed project deadlines with the students.
He discussed that problem with her.
He discussed that topic with his son.
He discussed that with her.
He discussed the details with her.
He discussed the matter with her.
He discussed the problem with her.
He discussed the problem with his son.
He disdained bribery.
He disgraced himself by telling a lie.
He disguised himself as Santa Claus to please his children.
He disguised himself as a beggar.
He disguised himself as a fireman.
He disguised himself as a peasant and infiltrated the walled city.
He disguised himself as a priest.
He disguised himself as a salesman and visited her house.
He disguised himself as a security guard.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He disguised his feelings.
He disguised his sorrow with a smile.
He disgusts me.
He disliked attending meetings.
He disliked every moment of working there.
He disliked her at first glance.
He disliked her.
He disliked school.
He dislikes Mina.
He dislikes being ridiculed.
He dislikes me for no reason at all.
He dislikes me.
He dislikes notions that are extremely intellectual.
He dislikes spiders and scorpions.
He dislikes the idea of a strict dress code; he believes in individual expression through clothing.
He dislikes the principal.
He dislikes unexpectedness and emergencies of any kind.
He dislocated his arm.
He dislocated his collarbone while playing.
He dislocated his right shoulder.
He dislocated his shoulder.
He dismembered the body.
He dismissed his secretary, who was very idle.
He dismissed most of his men.
He dismissed the employee.
He dismissed what Mary was saying.
He dismissed what she was saying.
He dismisses others without a second thought.
He dismisses the importance of mental health.
He disobeyed me.
He disobeys his parents.
He dispatched them.
He displayed a great deal of patience.
He disposed of his old house.
He disposed of the trash.
He disposes of them instantly.
He disproved the myth.
He disputed my statement.
He disputes the possibility of friendship between a man and a woman.
He disregarded my advice.
He disregarded the chain of command.
He disregarded the orders.
He disregarded the task they assigned him.
He disregards his wife every time she asks to cuddle.
He dissected frogs.
He dissented from the opinion of the majority.
He dissociated himself from the firm he had worked for for eighteen years.
He dissolved some sugar in his coffee.
He distanced himself from her.
He distanced himself from politics.
He distinguished himself in the contest.
He distorted my argument.
He distorted my words.
He distorted what I said.
He distracted the security guards.
He distributed his land among his sons.
He distributed new textbooks to the class.
He distributed permission slips for the upcoming trip.
He disturbed Mina.
He ditched me.
He ditched the car in an alley and took off running.
He dived head first into the water.
He dived into the water and came up for air.
He dived into the water.
He dived naked into the sea.
He dived.
He diverted himself by listening to music.
He divided his book into five categories.
He divided his books into five categories.
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.
He divided the apples among the five of us.
He divided the bread into two pieces.
He divides the apples among five of us.
He divorced her after years of unhappiness.
He divorced her.
He divorced his wife after twenty years of marriage.
He divorced his wife last month.
He divorced his wife.
He doctored his report.
He documented those death threats and called the police.
He dodged a knock.
He dodged his fare and was caught by a ticket inspector.
He dodged the law.
He does Berber lessons.
He does Devil Summoning work on the side.
He does Molly.
He does a kind act once a day.
He does a lot for the poor.
He does a lot of walking.
He does aerobics just to please his girlfriend.
He does all his homework at school.
He does an engine test every day.
He does anything I ask him to.
He does anything I tell him to.
He does anything we tell him to do.
He does anything we tell him.
He does appear.
He does as he's told.
He does ballet.
He does beautiful work. I've seen it.
He does business in Turkey.
He does care.
He does contortion in the backyard.
He does contortion.
He does door-to-door selling.
He does drugs.
He does everything I ask him to.
He does everything I tell him to.
He does everything I want.
He does everything any old how, and that's how things then turn out.
He does everything around here.
He does everything at the last minute.
He does everything at the last moment.
He does everything by himself.
He does everything carelessly.
He does everything for Leah.
He does everything for her.
He does everything for me.
He does everything he's told.
He does everything in the right way.
He does everything on his own.
He does everything very quickly.
He does everything we tell him to.
He does everything we tell him.
He does everything well.
He does exactly what I tell him.
He does extreme sports.
He does far better than you do at school.
He does get around, doesn't he?
He does his best.
He does his duty.
He does his homework before dinner.
He does his job well.
He does his job.
He does it all.
He does it fast.
He does it faster than me.
He does it faster than you.
He does it.
He does know a lot of words, but he doesn't speak with correct grammar.
He does know that.
He does know the fact.
He does like Tom.
He does like fish.
He does like her.
He does like jazz, doesn't he?
He does like you.
He does little else than read books.
He does little himself. He only plans. But his agents are numerous and splendidly organised.
He does look lonely, doesn't he?
He does look tense, doesn't he?
He does look tired, doesn't he?
He does love her.
He does love you.
He does magic on YouTube.
He does marketing the traditional way.
He does most of the work by himself.
He does much to help others.
He does need you.
He does not accept gifts.
He does not believe in any faith.
He does not believe in destiny.
He does not believe in evolution.
He does not believe in god.
He does not belong in the city.
He does not care about anything else.
He does not care about ponctuation.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
He does not care for ice cream.
He does not care for you!
He does not care.
He does not chew food, he just swallow it.
He does not come here every day.
He does not consider what he is doing as heavy load.
He does not defend himself.
He does not deserve your respect.
He does not distinguish between good and evil.
He does not drink tap water.
He does not enjoy the beach.
He does not even deserve to have the sun shine on him.
He does not even know how to sign his name.
He does not expect anything from life.
He does not expect anything from us.
He does not expect attack that way. His eye is all around, but it attends more to some places than to others. He can't see everything at once, not yet.
He does not feed them.
He does not feel great.
He does not feel happy with people.
He does not feel sorry for him.
He does not feel well.
He does not fix problems.
He does not get up early.
He does not go to make friends in Belgium.
He does not go without repairing the clock.
He does not have a mobile.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
He does not have a phone number to call and he receives no calls.
He does not have any friends.
He does not have any relatives at all.
He does not have anyone to play with.
He does not have anything to say.
He does not have enough money.
He does not have many friends.
He does not have more years than me.
He does not have more years than us.
He does not have other relatives.
He does not have the courage to come close to me.
He does not have the keys.
He does not have the money for buying a new car.
He does not have the time.
He does not have time.
He does not have to do this.
He does not intend to come.
He does not intend to return to his country.
He does not keep his word.
He does not know Berber.
He does not know English, much less French.
He does not know English, not to mention German or French.
He does not know anything.
He does not know him.
He does not know how he finds himself here.
He does not know how to behave at the table.
He does not know how to dance.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He does not know how to make money work for him.
He does not know how to relax.
He does not know how to solve the problem.
He does not know how to use a digital camera.
He does not know me.
He does not know rest.
He does not know the difference between right and left.
He does not know what is going on.
He does not know what it is to be poor.
He does not know what to do now.
He does not know what to do.
He does not know when he is coming back.
He does not know where he comes from.
He does not know where they live.
He does not know whether to laugh or cry.
He does not know who he is.
He does not know you.
He does not know.
He does not leave the room.
He does not let the opponent come near him.
He does not like been ordered to do something.
He does not like being punished.
He does not like carrots, so he did not eat it.
He does not like cats.
He does not like doing that.
He does not like her.
He does not like his job.
He does not like me.
He does not like shopping.
He does not like talking too much with people.
He does not like tennis.
He does not like the girl.
He does not like the music I listen to.
He does not like to add funny comments about an erroneous translation at all.
He does not like to roll up his sleeves.
He does not like to speak about himself.
He does not like to take a bus, no matter when.
He does not like to talk about himself.
He does not like to talk about politics.
He does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing.
He does not like to work hard.
He does not like us.
He does not like what the journalists have said.
He does not like when people tell him what to do.
He does not listen to people.
He does not listen when I am talking.
He does not listen.
He does not live in Sendai.
He does not live in Tashkent.
He does not live there any more.
He does not look happy.
He does not look like you.
He does not look up to his parents.
He does not love me.
He does not need a wife to look after him.
He does not need to eat, he is just greedy.
He does not need to go there.
He does not need to seek my advice.
He does not own many books.
He does not paint the walls but wallpapers them.
He does not paint the walls, but wallpapers them.
He does not pass up any opportunity to meddle in other people's business.
He does not play baseball.
He does not rely on him.
He does not rely on me.
He does not remember anything.
He does not remember having said that.
He does not remember.
He does not respect himself.
He does not respect his teachers.
He does not respect me.
He does not respect people.
He does not run as fast as I.
He does not run.
He does not say.
He does not seem pleased with his condition.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
He does not seem to be very tired.
He does not sing anymore.
He does not smoke.
He does not speak English or French.
He does not speak English.
He does not speak Spanish.
He does not speak many languages.
He does not speak to me anymore.
He does not speak unless he is asked to.
He does not speak well.
He does not stand her.
He does not stand me.
He does not study hard enough.
He does not study hard, but does very well at school.
He does not surpass me in age.
He does not surpass us in age.
He does not take care of his children.
He does not take her seriously.
He does not take him seriously.
He does not take me seriously.
He does not take this seriously.
He does not talk about it.
He does not tell me his secrets.
He does not treat me like his son.
He does not trust him.
He does not trust people.
He does not understand modern technology.
He does not understand the rules of the game.
He does not understand what is in the letter.
He does not use a proper keyboard when he writes in Kabyle.
He does not usually retaliate.
He does not want any kind of flowers.
He does not want to apologize.
He does not want to be like people of his own age.
He does not want to come out of the bathroom.
He does not want to dig into his own pocket.
He does not want to do what I say.
He does not want to face up the truth.
He does not want to know anything.
He does not want to learn anymore as he thinks he's already too old.
He does not want to leave his place empty.
He does not want to leave.
He does not want to live in a less developed country.
He does not want to open his eyes to see.
He does not want to open his eyes.
He does not want to pay attention.
He does not want to pay.
He does not want to rest.
He does not want to see me.
He does not want to smoke anymore.
He does not want to surrender.
He does not want to talk about it.
He does not want to try to understand what happened.
He does not want to understand.
He does not want to waste breath.
He does not wash his hands.
He does not watch TV at all.
He does not wear a hat.
He does not wear a mask.
He does not work for free.
He does not work so hard as he used to.
He does not, in short, write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis.
He does nothing but complain all day long.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He does nothing but cry.
He does nothing but eat and sleep.
He does nothing but laugh.
He does nothing but play all day.
He does nothing but read books all day long.
He does nothing but read comics.
He does nothing but read manga.
He does nothing but schlep around the house all day long.
He does nothing but watch TV all day long.
He does nothing except criticise others' flaws.
He does nothing when it rains.
He does one good deed every day.
He does one good deed per day.
He does only what he wants to do.
He does poorly in school.
He does pushups every morning.
He does rely on her.
He does run.
He does so not because he hates you, but because he loves you.
He does some light exercises every morning.
He does something else.
He does something there.
He does speak well.
He does sport twice a week.
He does talk to a decent amount of Canadians and he knows everything about the country.
He does that a lot, doesn't he?
He does that all the time.
He does that as often as he can.
He does that because he has to.
He does that because he likes to.
He does that because he wants to.
He does that even when he's sick.
He does that every chance he gets.
He does that in his spare time.
He does that on purpose.
He does that sometimes.
He does that very well.
He does that when he's drunk.
He does that when he's happy.
He does that when he's hungry.
He does that when he's sad.
He does that when he's sleepy.
He does that when he's tired.
He does that whenever he can.
He does that, doesn't he?
He does that.
He does the best he can.
He does things at his own pace.
He does things for himself. He doesn't like to bother other people.
He does things his own way.
He does things in his own way.
He does things the easy way.
He does things very slowly. It takes him three days to do one day's work.
He does think he's too good for us.
He does this after school.
He does this all the time.
He does this for a small price.
He does this for free.
He does this once a month.
He does this perfectly.
He does this stuff all the time.
He does this.
He does twenty press-ups each morning.
He does twenty push-ups every morning.
He does video editing.
He does videos with celebrities.
He does want this, doesn't he?
He does want to be a wrestler, but he is too thin.
He does want to lose weight.
He does want to move forward.
He does well at school.
He does well considering that he has no experience.
He does well in physics.
He does what he can to help.
He does what he can.
He does what he says he'll do.
He does what he thinks is right.
He does what he wants.
He does what he's asked to do.
He does what he's told.
He does what is asked of him.
He does what's right for him.
He does whatever he wants to do.
He does whatever he wants to.
He does whatever he wants.
He does whatever he's asked to do.
He does whatever we ask him to do.
He does whatever we tell him to do.
He does whatever we tell him.
He does work hard.
He doesn't abandon his children.
He doesn't accept being corrected by someone younger.
He doesn't accept gifts.
He doesn't accept presents.
He doesn't accept those who are different from him.
He doesn't accompany the children to school.
He doesn't acknowledge my existence.
He doesn't actually hate her.
He doesn't admit his defeat.
He doesn't admit when he's wrong.
He doesn't agree with her.
He doesn't agree with the new reforms.
He doesn't agree, does he?
He doesn't agree.
He doesn't allow Kate to drink wine.
He doesn't allow his children to play with her.
He doesn't allow interruptions.
He doesn't altogether trust me.
He doesn't always come late.
He doesn't always get his way.
He doesn't always obey his parents.
He doesn't always translate the real answer.
He doesn't appear to be gay.
He doesn't appear to be wise, does he?
He doesn't appreciate favors.
He doesn't appreciate meddling in other people's problems.
He doesn't approve of women smoking.
He doesn't attend school.
He doesn't beat around the bush.
He doesn't behave himself once he's drunk.
He doesn't believe he can do that by himself.
He doesn't believe he can do that.
He doesn't believe he can win.
He doesn't believe his father is coming back.
He doesn't believe in God.
He doesn't believe in anything.
He doesn't believe in ghosts.
He doesn't believe in global warming.
He doesn't believe in live after death.
He doesn't believe in the Quran.
He doesn't believe me at all.
He doesn't believe she can get home by herself.
He doesn't believe she'll honour her commitment.
He doesn't believe that Jesus is God.
He doesn't believe that he can do that by himself.
He doesn't believe that she can get home by herself.
He doesn't believe that.
He doesn't believe the Earth is round.
He doesn't believe the rumors about her.
He doesn't belong here.
He doesn't belong to us.
He doesn't bite.
He doesn't bite. He's a good boy. Aren't you, Cookie?
He doesn't bite?
He doesn't blame her.
He doesn't boast.
He doesn't bother to comb his hair.
He doesn't bungle anything.
He doesn't buy any bread.
He doesn't buy bread.
He doesn't buy into this type of thing.
He doesn't buy their seafood.
He doesn't care a bit about me.
He doesn't care about anybody but himself.
He doesn't care about anyone but himself.
He doesn't care about anything.
He doesn't care about his grades.
He doesn't care about his health.
He doesn't care about me.
He doesn't care about money.
He doesn't care about other people.
He doesn't care about reaching a hundred years old. What he wants is to be able to see his grandson at twenty.
He doesn't care about the money.
He doesn't care about the opinions of other people.
He doesn't care for sweet things.
He doesn't care if his car is dirty.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He doesn't care what happens to her.
He doesn't care what happens to him.
He doesn't care what he eats.
He doesn't care what we want.
He doesn't care what you're thinking about him.
He doesn't care, does he?
He doesn't care, provided he has enough to eat and drink.
He doesn't care.
He doesn't carry anything, he doesn't return with anything.
He doesn't carry much baggage on his trips.
He doesn't celebrate Christmas anymore.
He doesn't celebrate his birthdays.
He doesn't celebrate or have fun for the musicians.
He doesn't change his mind when he says something.
He doesn't charge much.
He doesn't check IDs.
He doesn't check his figures when he's calculating.
He doesn't clean up after himself.
He doesn't come any more, the one smoking said.
He doesn't come here anymore.
He doesn't come here every day.
He doesn't come on Mondays.
He doesn't come to Algeria much anymore.
He doesn't come to school often.
He doesn't come to work because he's ill.
He doesn't come when you call him.
He doesn't communicate with his brother very often.
He doesn't communicate with his brothers very often.
He doesn't communicate with his family very often.
He doesn't communicate with his father very often.
He doesn't communicate with his mother very often.
He doesn't communicate with his parents very often.
He doesn't communicate with his sister very often.
He doesn't communicate with his sisters very often.
He doesn't condone fighting.
He doesn't condone violence.
He doesn't consider himself a hero.
He doesn't cope with complicated situations.
He doesn't damage.
He doesn't dare to lie to me.
He doesn't dare to reach for fame.
He doesn't dare to say a thing.
He doesn't dare to say anything.
He doesn't deserve a Nobel Prize.
He doesn't deserve any recognition.
He doesn't deserve life in prison.
He doesn't deserve that I should hurt his feelings.
He doesn't deserve that.
He doesn't deserve this.
He doesn't deserve to be on this team.
He doesn't deserve to work here.
He doesn't deserve you.
He doesn't discuss himself too often.
He doesn't do anything when it rains.
He doesn't do drugs.
He doesn't do his homework by himself.
He doesn't do his job very well.
He doesn't do it.
He doesn't do much, does he?
He doesn't do stunts.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
He doesn't do that, does he?
He doesn't do the dishes.
He doesn't do the washing up.
He doesn't do things by halves.
He doesn't do well because he doesn't make the most of his ability.
He doesn't drink alcohol at all.
He doesn't drink alcohol.
He doesn't drink any liquor at all.
He doesn't drink any more.
He doesn't drink anymore.
He doesn't drink anything but water.
He doesn't drink anything other than water.
He doesn't drink coffee in a glass.
He doesn't drink coffee.
He doesn't drink enough breast milk.
He doesn't drink enough water throughout the day.
He doesn't drink or smoke.
He doesn't drink this milk for the taste.
He doesn't drink wine any more.
He doesn't drink.
He doesn't drive very fast when he's with his family.
He doesn't drive.
He doesn't earn enough money to live on.
He doesn't earn enough money to support a woman like her.
He doesn't eat anything except fruit.
He doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
He doesn't eat anything other than fruit.
He doesn't eat apples.
He doesn't eat dog.
He doesn't eat fries without ketchup.
He doesn't eat ice cream in winter.
He doesn't eat leftovers.
He doesn't eat linseed rolls because he's allergic to linseeds.
He doesn't eat meat and neither does she.
He doesn't eat meat, does he?
He doesn't eat meat.
He doesn't eat pork, does he?
He doesn't eat raw fish.
He doesn't eat this, does he?
He doesn't eat.
He doesn't engage with books much.
He doesn't enjoy hanging out with her.
He doesn't enjoy playing tennis.
He doesn't even apologize.
He doesn't even believe in himself.
He doesn't even care that I'm here.
He doesn't even do laundry.
He doesn't even drink beer, not to mention whiskey.
He doesn't even have a TV in his room.
He doesn't even have a car.
He doesn't even have a dog.
He doesn't even have a penny in his pocket.
He doesn't even have a sesame seed at home, but twirls his mustache nonetheless.
He doesn't even have a thousand followers on Instagram.
He doesn't even have it.
He doesn't even know her.
He doesn't even know how to hold a camera.
He doesn't even know how to make tamales.
He doesn't even know how to sew on a button.
He doesn't even know how to swim!
He doesn't even know if it's a boy or a girl.
He doesn't even know my name.
He doesn't even know that I exist.
He doesn't even know the elements of an education.
He doesn't even know the way.
He doesn't even know where Kabylie is located.
He doesn't even know who called.
He doesn't even know who phoned.
He doesn't even know who rang.
He doesn't even know who she's talking to.
He doesn't even know who the father is.
He doesn't even know why we're doing this.
He doesn't even know your name.
He doesn't even like soccer.
He doesn't even listen to me.
He doesn't even live in Kabylie.
He doesn't even look at me.
He doesn't even notice me.
He doesn't even notice.
He doesn't even remember his doctor's name.
He doesn't even remember me coming over last night.
He doesn't even remember me.
He doesn't even remember my birthday.
He doesn't even remember the names of his own children.
He doesn't even remember what happened last night.
He doesn't even speak Berber.
He doesn't even talk to her.
He doesn't even try to help her.
He doesn't even try to listen to others.
He doesn't even understand it himself.
He doesn't even want to speak to me.
He doesn't ever come here by himself.
He doesn't exist.
He doesn't expect anything from her.
He doesn't expect anything.
He doesn't express himself well.
He doesn't feel anything.
He doesn't feel bad about killing his lover.
He doesn't feel cold.
He doesn't feel he completely belongs in Algeria.
He doesn't feel he has to do that.
He doesn't feel like it.
He doesn't feel like skating anymore.
He doesn't feel safe at home.
He doesn't feel that he can trust her.
He doesn't feel that way about her.
He doesn't feel the same as I do.
He doesn't feel well.
He doesn't find anything better to do.
He doesn't fish anymore.
He doesn't fit in society.
He doesn't follow her advice.
He doesn't follow his advice.
He doesn't fully grasp what young people are saying.
He doesn't get along with anybody in the office.
He doesn't get along with her father.
He doesn't get along with her.
He doesn't get along with his mother.
He doesn't get anything.
He doesn't get enough money.
He doesn't get jokes.
He doesn't get us.
He doesn't give a damn about that.
He doesn't give a damn!
He doesn't give a damn.
He doesn't give a fig about money.
He doesn't give a flying fuck about what other people say.
He doesn't give a shit about her. It's her money he's after.
He doesn't give a shit.
He doesn't give any help with housework.
He doesn't give her any support.
He doesn't give up easily, does he?
He doesn't go a day without drinking beer.
He doesn't go anywhere without his car.
He doesn't go building temples in Argentina.
He doesn't go building temples in Sweden.
He doesn't go everywhere.
He doesn't go in those woods when it gets dark.
He doesn't go outside at night.
He doesn't go to Kabylie anymore.
He doesn't go to Kabylie.
He doesn't go to church.
He doesn't go to school anymore.
He doesn't go to school on Saturday.
He doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
He doesn't go to this school.
He doesn't grasp abstract concepts.
He doesn't greet anyone.
He doesn't greet his neighbors.
He doesn't greet his neighbours.
He doesn't harm.
He doesn't hate her.
He doesn't hate you.
He doesn't have a Scooby-Doo really what's going on.
He doesn't have a belly button piercing.
He doesn't have a belly button.
He doesn't have a brother; he has a sister.
He doesn't have a car. He just uses hers.
He doesn't have a choice.
He doesn't have a clear objective in life.
He doesn't have a clue about anatomy.
He doesn't have a clue about anything. But he still has an opinion about everything.
He doesn't have a clue what that animal is.
He doesn't have a clue, does he?
He doesn't have a command of Esperanto, but does speak it poorly.
He doesn't have a computer.
He doesn't have a crew.
He doesn't have a dry sense of humor.
He doesn't have a family.
He doesn't have a fever any more.
He doesn't have a fever.
He doesn't have a friend he can rely on.
He doesn't have a gun.
He doesn't have a hat on.
He doesn't have a head for numbers.
He doesn't have a health insurance policy.
He doesn't have a home anymore!
He doesn't have a job.
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
He doesn't have a job; he leeches off his parents.
He doesn't have a lot of experience, but he appears to be qualified.
He doesn't have a lot of followers on Instagram.
He doesn't have a lot of money.
He doesn't have a lot of success with ladies.
He doesn't have a mind of his own.
He doesn't have a mobile phone.
He doesn't have a mobile.
He doesn't have a mom.
He doesn't have a moment to lose.
He doesn't have a particle of kindness in his heart.
He doesn't have a penny.
He doesn't have a problem in Berber.
He doesn't have a problem with standing up.
He doesn't have a say in the matter.
He doesn't have a sense of rhythm.
He doesn't have a shadow.
He doesn't have a sister.
He doesn't have a sister; he has a brother.
He doesn't have a steady girlfriend at the moment.
He doesn't have a tattoo.
He doesn't have a ticket.
He doesn't have a visa to remain legally in Algeria.
He doesn't have a wife.
He doesn't have an Algerian number.
He doesn't have an Algerian phone number.
He doesn't have an accent.
He doesn't have an accommodation problem.
He doesn't have an account here.
He doesn't have an electric scooter.
He doesn't have an ounce of courage.
He doesn't have another way to pay.
He doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
He doesn't have any change.
He doesn't have any chest hair.
He doesn't have any children, but other than that he's leading a happy life.
He doesn't have any children.
He doesn't have any common sense.
He doesn't have any confidence in himself.
He doesn't have any credits left.
He doesn't have any deep convictions.
He doesn't have any excuse for being late.
He doesn't have any experience.
He doesn't have any freckles.
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
He doesn't have any friends to talk to.
He doesn't have any friends.
He doesn't have any human feelings.
He doesn't have any idea how important this meeting is.
He doesn't have any income.
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.
He doesn't have any knowledge about Sri Lanka.
He doesn't have any middle finger.
He doesn't have any money for treatment.
He doesn't have any money on him.
He doesn't have any money.
He doesn't have any of the illnesses he diagnosed himself with.
He doesn't have any of those videos.
He doesn't have any other choice.
He doesn't have any pets.
He doesn't have any plans tomorrow after school.
He doesn't have any problem he can't handle himself.
He doesn't have any problems at school.
He doesn't have any proof.
He doesn't have any real friends.
He doesn't have any reason not to trust her.
He doesn't have any siblings.
He doesn't have any signal here.
He doesn't have any strength left.
He doesn't have any trouble making himself understood in French.
He doesn't have any wife or kids.
He doesn't have anybody.
He doesn't have anyone to help him.
He doesn't have anyone to speak Russian with in Boston.
He doesn't have anything to do with the robbery.
He doesn't have anything to fear.
He doesn't have anything.
He doesn't have as many books as she does.
He doesn't have cancer.
He doesn't have children.
He doesn't have enough ammunition.
He doesn't have enough brains to do sums in his head.
He doesn't have enough breath to run.
He doesn't have enough change.
He doesn't have enough experience.
He doesn't have enough friends.
He doesn't have enough fuel.
He doesn't have enough gasoline.
He doesn't have enough money to buy a car.
He doesn't have enough money to buy flight tickets.
He doesn't have enough money to go travelling.
He doesn't have enough money to travel.
He doesn't have enough money.
He doesn't have enough salt.
He doesn't have enough space to be comfortable.
He doesn't have enough sugar.
He doesn't have enough water.
He doesn't have enough wood.
He doesn't have erasers.
He doesn't have feelings.
He doesn't have forty thousand dinars.
He doesn't have friends at all.
He doesn't have friends in Kabylie anymore.
He doesn't have friends.
He doesn't have good vision.
He doesn't have her address in Boston, but he has her phone number.
He doesn't have his feet on the ground.
He doesn't have his hat on.
He doesn't have his ideas clear.
He doesn't have his medication.
He doesn't have his medicine.
He doesn't have his own ideas.
He doesn't have his phone on him.
He doesn't have homosexual friends.
He doesn't have it.
He doesn't have long to live.
He doesn't have many friends.
He doesn't have many photos of himself as a baby.
He doesn't have many pictures of himself as a baby.
He doesn't have money to buy himself a new car.
He doesn't have much free time to practice a sport.
He doesn't have much money.
He doesn't have much time left.
He doesn't have much time.
He doesn't have much to offer.
He doesn't have object permanence yet.
He doesn't have pride.
He doesn't have problems in Berber.
He doesn't have school tomorrow.
He doesn't have speaking partners to practice speaking Berber with.
He doesn't have sugar for making cookies.
He doesn't have that Berber dictionary.
He doesn't have that data.
He doesn't have that kind of money.
He doesn't have the ability to do the work properly.
He doesn't have the ability to finish the job by himself.
He doesn't have the ability to lead that group.
He doesn't have the ability to manage that group.
He doesn't have the ability to speak enough Berber to have a conversation.
He doesn't have the capacity to be president.
He doesn't have the courage.
He doesn't have the foggiest idea about it.
He doesn't have the guts to do anything.
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
He doesn't have the habit of bringing them up.
He doesn't have the intention of becoming a Muslim.
He doesn't have the keys.
He doesn't have the knowledge to understand the Quran.
He doesn't have the money for that.
He doesn't have the necessary skills for that job.
He doesn't have the necessary skills for that task.
He doesn't have the proper form.
He doesn't have the right to vote.
He doesn't have the slightest bit of courage.
He doesn't have the strength to break his knees.
He doesn't have the strength to say anything.
He doesn't have the ticket.
He doesn't have the time to play cards.
He doesn't have the time.
He doesn't have them.
He doesn't have time for games right now.
He doesn't have time for games.
He doesn't have time for naps.
He doesn't have time for this.
He doesn't have time to argue.
He doesn't have time to bake.
He doesn't have time to change.
He doesn't have time to play now.
He doesn't have time to shower.
He doesn't have time to wait.
He doesn't have time.
He doesn't have to address them at all.
He doesn't have to apologize to her.
He doesn't have to be so bossy.
He doesn't have to do that for her.
He doesn't have to do your homework for you.
He doesn't have to eat it.
He doesn't have to explain himself to me.
He doesn't have to feel guilty anymore.
He doesn't have to go against his will.
He doesn't have to go there by himself.
He doesn't have to go to school today.
He doesn't have to go to school.
He doesn't have to go to the institute today.
He doesn't have to go to work on Saturday.
He doesn't have to go with her.
He doesn't have to have a car.
He doesn't have to help her.
He doesn't have to hide his feelings from her.
He doesn't have to know.
He doesn't have to listen to that music if he doesn't want to.
He doesn't have to listen to this.
He doesn't have to live in this house.
He doesn't have to prove anything.
He doesn't have to share.
He doesn't have to stay home to help her.
He doesn't have to wash any dishes.
He doesn't have to wash the car.
He doesn't have to worry about her.
He doesn't have to worry.
He doesn't have very much money on him.
He doesn't have what he needs.
He doesn't have what he wants yet.
He doesn't have what it takes to make it around here.
He doesn't hear about that every day.
He doesn't hear very well.
He doesn't hear you.
He doesn't heed any advice.
He doesn't heed my words.
He doesn't hide that.
He doesn't honor older people.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't intend to go by himself.
He doesn't judge a book by its cover.
He doesn't just know English, but also French.
He doesn't just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
He doesn't keep his promises.
He doesn't keep his word.
He doesn't keep that type of cash on hand here at the bank.
He doesn't know Berber.
He doesn't know English at all.
He doesn't know English.
He doesn't know French at all.
He doesn't know I don't like him.
He doesn't know I hate him.
He doesn't know I like him.
He doesn't know I wish he'd leave.
He doesn't know Islam yet.
He doesn't know a lot about Japan.
He doesn't know a lot about her.
He doesn't know a word of Italian.
He doesn't know about Islam.
He doesn't know about her.
He doesn't know about my interest in men.
He doesn't know any better.
He doesn't know any of them.
He doesn't know any of us.
He doesn't know any one of us.
He doesn't know any other languages.
He doesn't know anybody in Algeria.
He doesn't know anybody in the mosque.
He doesn't know anyone.
He doesn't know anything about Algeria.
He doesn't know anything about Berber.
He doesn't know anything about Germany.
He doesn't know anything about Islam.
He doesn't know anything about Istanbul.
He doesn't know anything about Kabylie.
He doesn't know anything about anything.
He doesn't know anything about canoeing.
He doesn't know anything about electronics.
He doesn't know anything about her.
He doesn't know anything about his family.
He doesn't know anything about me.
He doesn't know anything about olive oil.
He doesn't know anything about politics.
He doesn't know anything about the plan.
He doesn't know anything yet.
He doesn't know anything.
He doesn't know both of us.
He doesn't know either.
He doesn't know enough Arabic to learn the Quran.
He doesn't know even the proper way of greeting people.
He doesn't know everything about the plan.
He doesn't know everything.
He doesn't know he's adopted.
He doesn't know her, but he'd like to meet her.
He doesn't know her.
He doesn't know him.
He doesn't know his father.
He doesn't know his neighbors.
He doesn't know his origins.
He doesn't know his place.
He doesn't know how he's supposed to do it.
He doesn't know how he's supposed to do that.
He doesn't know how long he'll have to wait for her.
He doesn't know how lucky he is.
He doesn't know how to change a tire.
He doesn't know how to code.
He doesn't know how to cook.
He doesn't know how to distinguish right from wrong.
He doesn't know how to do that.
He doesn't know how to drive a car.
He doesn't know how to drive.
He doesn't know how to fight.
He doesn't know how to go about it.
He doesn't know how to hack computers.
He doesn't know how to handle children.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
He doesn't know how to play the guitar.
He doesn't know how to play the piano.
He doesn't know how to relax.
He doesn't know how to ride a bike.
He doesn't know how to swim very well.
He doesn't know how to swim.
He doesn't know how to treat a respectable girl when he meets her.
He doesn't know how to walk.
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
He doesn't know if he still has a year to live.
He doesn't know if he will be able to contribute to the household regularly.
He doesn't know if that tree is real.
He doesn't know it yet, but he's already dead.
He doesn't know life is hard.
He doesn't know me at all.
He doesn't know me.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He doesn't know much about her.
He doesn't know much.
He doesn't know shit about Kabylie.
He doesn't know squat about her.
He doesn't know that I hate him.
He doesn't know that I have a cat.
He doesn't know that I like him.
He doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
He doesn't know that he's adopted.
He doesn't know that much about Islam.
He doesn't know that.
He doesn't know the Kazakh language.
He doesn't know the cares of raising children.
He doesn't know the condition of the road.
He doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
He doesn't know the first thing about humility.
He doesn't know the first thing about love.
He doesn't know the laws here.
He doesn't know the meaning of fear.
He doesn't know the meaning of life.
He doesn't know the meaning of the word "fear".
He doesn't know the name of the chemical element Yb.
He doesn't know the truth yet.
He doesn't know the truth.
He doesn't know the word "harmony."
He doesn't know them properly.
He doesn't know them thoroughly.
He doesn't know them.
He doesn't know these people.
He doesn't know this part of town very well.
He doesn't know too many Muslims.
He doesn't know us.
He doesn't know what Islam is.
He doesn't know what awaits him.
He doesn't know what else to do.
He doesn't know what else to film.
He doesn't know what else to say.
He doesn't know what got into her.
He doesn't know what happened to her.
He doesn't know what happened to me.
He doesn't know what he did last night.
He doesn't know what he has to buy.
He doesn't know what he has to do.
He doesn't know what he should do.
He doesn't know what he wants.
He doesn't know what he'd do without her.
He doesn't know what he'll do yet.
He doesn't know what he'll do.
He doesn't know what he's being accused of.
He doesn't know what he's doing!
He doesn't know what he's doing.
He doesn't know what he's going to do.
He doesn't know what he's gotten himself into.
He doesn't know what he's looking for.
He doesn't know what he's missing.
He doesn't know what he's saying.
He doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He doesn't know what that is.
He doesn't know what that word means.
He doesn't know what the difference is between lions and leopards.
He doesn't know what to do with himself.
He doesn't know what to do with his money.
He doesn't know what to do without his girlfriend. She's the hand that rules him, the heart that feels him.
He doesn't know what to do.
He doesn't know what to tell them.
He doesn't know what to think anymore.
He doesn't know what's bothering her.
He doesn't know what's going on.
He doesn't know what's wrong with her.
He doesn't know when the meeting is.
He doesn't know when to shut up.
He doesn't know where I live.
He doesn't know where Maria lives.
He doesn't know where he belongs.
He doesn't know where he is.
He doesn't know where he should be.
He doesn't know where he should go.
He doesn't know where he was born.
He doesn't know where he's going.
He doesn't know where his keys are.
He doesn't know where his left hand is.
He doesn't know where she parked her car.
He doesn't know where the time went.
He doesn't know where to look for her.
He doesn't know where to start.
He doesn't know where to wait for her.
He doesn't know whether he could be at work tomorrow.
He doesn't know who I am.
He doesn't know who built these houses.
He doesn't know who built those houses.
He doesn't know who did that to her.
He doesn't know who else to turn to.
He doesn't know who he should ask.
He doesn't know who owns me.
He doesn't know who owns them.
He doesn't know who owns us.
He doesn't know who owns you.
He doesn't know who stabbed him.
He doesn't know why he's here.
He doesn't know why she quit her job.
He doesn't know yet.
He doesn't know you.
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know; he hopes for spring.
He doesn't learn Berber.
He doesn't learn from his mistakes.
He doesn't leave his house.
He doesn't leave home without being accompanied by bodyguards.
He doesn't let Kate drink wine.
He doesn't let anyone interfere with his private matters.
He doesn't let anyone touch him.
He doesn't let her go shopping by herself.
He doesn't let his kids do that.
He doesn't let me live!
He doesn't let me sit behind the wheel.
He doesn't lie.
He doesn't like English.
He doesn't like Will Smith anymore.
He doesn't like animals.
He doesn't like any sport.
He doesn't like anybody, and nobody likes him.
He doesn't like apples, does he?
He doesn't like baguettes. It's always quinoa with him.
He doesn't like baseball or soccer.
He doesn't like beef. Neither do I.
He doesn't like being given expensive gifts.
He doesn't like being seen.
He doesn't like being told what to do.
He doesn't like cheese.
He doesn't like chicken.
He doesn't like church.
He doesn't like coffee.
He doesn't like cops.
He doesn't like couscous.
He doesn't like dancing.
He doesn't like dark colors in his home.
He doesn't like discussing his work with her.
He doesn't like dogs.
He doesn't like doing that.
He doesn't like eating fish.
He doesn't like eating vegetables.
He doesn't like eating.
He doesn't like eggs.
He doesn't like fighting.
He doesn't like fish.
He doesn't like football.
He doesn't like girls like her.
He doesn't like ham.
He doesn't like heat waves.
He doesn't like her belly button piercing.
He doesn't like her sister.
He doesn't like her.
He doesn't like her. However, she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not.
He doesn't like his job.
He doesn't like his name.
He doesn't like his new job.
He doesn't like his new sofa.
He doesn't like his stepmother.
He doesn't like his wife's fans.
He doesn't like hunting.
He doesn't like impositions.
He doesn't like it here.
He doesn't like it.
He doesn't like jokes.
He doesn't like kissing.
He doesn't like looking people in the eye.
He doesn't like making eye contact.
He doesn't like math much.
He doesn't like me bringing men home.
He doesn't like me now.
He doesn't like meat.
He doesn't like milk in his coffee.
He doesn't like my shoes.
He doesn't like olive oil.
He doesn't like oranges.
He doesn't like people like you.
He doesn't like pets.
He doesn't like pizza.
He doesn't like playing tennis with her.
He doesn't like reading.
He doesn't like repeating himself.
He doesn't like rock and roll.
He doesn't like running.
He doesn't like science fiction.
He doesn't like science.
He doesn't like sitting next to her.
He doesn't like skinny girls.
He doesn't like sleeping.
He doesn't like soccer.
He doesn't like sports, and neither do I.
He doesn't like sports.
He doesn't like sports. And neither do I.
He doesn't like sports. Me neither.
He doesn't like sushi.
He doesn't like swimming.
He doesn't like talking about himself.
He doesn't like talking about it for some reason.
He doesn't like talking about it, for some reason.
He doesn't like talking with her.
He doesn't like talking.
He doesn't like tennis much, but he really gets carried away with football.
He doesn't like that actress.
He doesn't like that movie.
He doesn't like the heat of the summer.
He doesn't like the snow.
He doesn't like the train.
He doesn't like this concert.
He doesn't like this neighborhood.
He doesn't like this phone.
He doesn't like those pictures.
He doesn't like those shoes.
He doesn't like to be called that.
He doesn't like to be picked up.
He doesn't like to brag.
He doesn't like to compare things anymore.
He doesn't like to dance.
He doesn't like to do that.
He doesn't like to drink coffee.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
He doesn't like to eat sitting down.
He doesn't like to get involved in other people's affairs.
He doesn't like to give, just to get.
He doesn't like to hang out with her.
He doesn't like to interfere in other people's business.
He doesn't like to lend his books to her.
He doesn't like to lose.
He doesn't like to make his own shortcomings sound too obvious.
He doesn't like to read books.
He doesn't like to read.
He doesn't like to repeat himself.
He doesn't like to share.
He doesn't like to speak in public.
He doesn't like to swim.
He doesn't like to talk.
He doesn't like to travel.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
He doesn't like to work by himself.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
He doesn't like traveling by plane.
He doesn't like us watching over him.
He doesn't like us.
He doesn't like vegetables.
He doesn't like wine.
He doesn't like writing.
He doesn't listen and doesn't speak.
He doesn't listen to Mom.
He doesn't listen to anybody but himself.
He doesn't listen to her words.
He doesn't listen to his parents.
He doesn't listen to his teachers.
He doesn't listen to his words.
He doesn't listen to me.
He doesn't listen to music.
He doesn't listen to my advice.
He doesn't listen to what I'm saying to him.
He doesn't listen.
He doesn't live around here anymore.
He doesn't live far away.
He doesn't live far from here.
He doesn't live here any more.
He doesn't live here anymore.
He doesn't live here, does he?
He doesn't live here.
He doesn't live in Algiers.
He doesn't live in Kabylie anymore.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
He doesn't live in this house any more.
He doesn't live in this street any more.
He doesn't live near his office.
He doesn't live near the school.
He doesn't live there anymore.
He doesn't live with girls anymore.
He doesn't live with her.
He doesn't live with his family.
He doesn't live with his parents anymore.
He doesn't live with his parents.
He doesn't look Muslim.
He doesn't look after his own well-being.
He doesn't look fat at all.
He doesn't look happy to see her.
He doesn't look happy to see me.
He doesn't look happy to see us.
He doesn't look happy, does he?
He doesn't look happy.
He doesn't look himself this morning.
He doesn't look his age.
He doesn't look ill.
He doesn't look like a bum.
He doesn't look like a musician at all.
He doesn't look like an intelligent boy.
He doesn't look like anyone.
He doesn't look like he's busy.
He doesn't look like he's enjoying himself.
He doesn't look like he's happy.
He doesn't look like he's lonely.
He doesn't look like he's tired.
He doesn't look like he's unhappy.
He doesn't look like his father at all.
He doesn't look like his mother.
He doesn't look like much, but his personality makes up for it.
He doesn't look like us.
He doesn't look me in the eye when he talks.
He doesn't look sad.
He doesn't look so busy, does he?
He doesn't look so happy, does he?
He doesn't look sympathetic enough to me.
He doesn't look that way, but he's really a nasty piece of work.
He doesn't look tired.
He doesn't look too happy, does he?
He doesn't look very happy.
He doesn't look very healthy.
He doesn't look well.
He doesn't look well. Probably drank too much last night.
He doesn't look willing to come to the concert.
He doesn't love Mom.
He doesn't love anyone except himself.
He doesn't love anyone.
He doesn't love her.
He doesn't love his girlfriend.
He doesn't love me anymore.
He doesn't love me.
He doesn't love us.
He doesn't love you!
He doesn't make an effort to educate himself.
He doesn't make me laugh anymore.
He doesn't make money.
He doesn't make the rules.
He doesn't manifest much desire to win the game.
He doesn't mean it like that.
He doesn't mean it; he's just acting.
He doesn't mean that.
He doesn't mean to be mean. It's just his nature.
He doesn't mince his words.
He doesn't mince words.
He doesn't mind eating out.
He doesn't mind if her car is dirty.
He doesn't mind if his car is dirty.
He doesn't mind risking his life.
He doesn't mind sleeping on the couch.
He doesn't mind sleeping on the floor.
He doesn't mind what people say about her.
He doesn't mind.
He doesn't mingle with the villagers.
He doesn't miss Algeria.
He doesn't miss a beat.
He doesn't miss a thing, does he?
He doesn't miss anything, does he?
He doesn't miss anything.
He doesn't miss soccer one little bit.
He doesn't mix well.
He doesn't necessarily have to go there by himself.
He doesn't need a Latvian dictionary.
He doesn't need a PS5.
He doesn't need a garage.
He doesn't need a girlfriend.
He doesn't need a job.
He doesn't need a password.
He doesn't need an appointment.
He doesn't need any advice.
He doesn't need any help.
He doesn't need any more friends at this point.
He doesn't need any more friends.
He doesn't need anyone's help.
He doesn't need anyone.
He doesn't need anything in Algeria anymore.
He doesn't need anything.
He doesn't need bread anyways.
He doesn't need glasses.
He doesn't need help.
He doesn't need her.
He doesn't need it.
He doesn't need me to show him how to climb.
He doesn't need me.
He doesn't need money now.
He doesn't need money.
He doesn't need sex with you. He has his wife.
He doesn't need such treatment.
He doesn't need sympathy, but support.
He doesn't need that anymore.
He doesn't need that much protein.
He doesn't need the money anymore.
He doesn't need the money anyways.
He doesn't need them.
He doesn't need therapy.
He doesn't need to be here for this.
He doesn't need to cheat anymore.
He doesn't need to cut down those trees.
He doesn't need to do that for her.
He doesn't need to explain himself.
He doesn't need to get up early.
He doesn't need to get up so early.
He doesn't need to go there by himself.
He doesn't need to go there himself.
He doesn't need to hire a house sitter.
He doesn't need to know.
He doesn't need to look through her phone.
He doesn't need to lose any more time with this one.
He doesn't need to mop anymore.
He doesn't need to prove himself.
He doesn't need to prove income.
He doesn't need to say it directly.
He doesn't need to study.
He doesn't need to work.
He doesn't need to worry about her.
He doesn't obey his parents.
He doesn't often admit he's wrong.
He doesn't often do that by himself.
He doesn't only speak English but also French.
He doesn't only teach English; he also writes novels.
He doesn't own a bike.
He doesn't own dogs.
He doesn't own many books.
He doesn't participate in class.
He doesn't particularly like her.
He doesn't pay any attention to her.
He doesn't pay attention to her.
He doesn't pay attention to them.
He doesn't pay attention to what I'm telling him.
He doesn't pay serious attention to the matter.
He doesn't pay the bills.
He doesn't pay the rent.
He doesn't place the same value on the relationship that I do.
He doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
He doesn't plan on going by himself.
He doesn't plan to buy a camera.
He doesn't plan to do that by himself.
He doesn't plan to go by himself.
He doesn't plan to go there by himself.
He doesn't play Minecraft that much.
He doesn't play any instruments.
He doesn't play baseball.
He doesn't play basketball.
He doesn't play disc golf.
He doesn't play soccer.
He doesn't play the piano well.
He doesn't play three-dimensional chess.
He doesn't play video games.
He doesn't play.
He doesn't predict the future.
He doesn't put on airs.
He doesn't put profit over people.
He doesn't put sugar in his coffee.
He doesn't quite agree with her.
He doesn't quite believe her.
He doesn't read any more books.
He doesn't read books in English.
He doesn't read books, but when it comes to television, he watches it day and night.
He doesn't read his novels.
He doesn't read many books.
He doesn't read many newspapers.
He doesn't read much.
He doesn't read the newspaper anymore.
He doesn't read this newspaper anymore.
He doesn't read.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
He doesn't realize existence is difficult.
He doesn't realize how lucky he is.
He doesn't realize that he doesn't have time for these things.
He doesn't realize what he's doing.
He doesn't realize what he's done.
He doesn't realize what he's lost.
He doesn't really believe that nonsense, does he?
He doesn't really care about me.
He doesn't really care, does he?
He doesn't really do that, does he?
He doesn't really enjoy hanging out with her.
He doesn't really enjoy singing with her.
He doesn't really have a choice.
He doesn't really know any Muslim.
He doesn't really know her.
He doesn't really know them well.
He doesn't really know why.
He doesn't really know, does he?
He doesn't really like her.
He doesn't really listen to me the way he listened to you.
He doesn't really love her.
He doesn't really speak French.
He doesn't really talk to her.
He doesn't really talk to them.
He doesn't really trust her.
He doesn't really want me to help him.
He doesn't really want this job.
He doesn't really want to come tomorrow.
He doesn't really want to talk about politics.
He doesn't really work.
He doesn't reciprocate my feelings.
He doesn't recognize Canada anymore.
He doesn't regard the seniors.
He doesn't regret his decision.
He doesn't remember agreeing to help her.
He doesn't remember anything about his father.
He doesn't remember anything.
He doesn't remember anything. Not even his name.
He doesn't remember everything.
He doesn't remember having said that.
He doesn't remember having sex with her.
He doesn't remember her.
He doesn't remember his dreams.
He doesn't remember his friend saying that.
He doesn't remember his password.
He doesn't remember me anymore.
He doesn't remember saying that.
He doesn't remember that anymore.
He doesn't remember the first time he met her.
He doesn't remember the last time he saw her.
He doesn't remember the password.
He doesn't remember the reason she got so mad.
He doesn't remember what he was reading.
He doesn't remember what his father told him.
He doesn't remember where he put his key.
He doesn't remember where he took those pictures.
He doesn't remember whether that room was empty or not.
He doesn't remember.
He doesn't represent anyone.
He doesn't represent me.
He doesn't resemble either of his parents.
He doesn't resemble you at all.
He doesn't respect her.
He doesn't respect his father.
He doesn't respect his parents.
He doesn't respect our code of honor.
He doesn't respect the elders.
He doesn't respond to the stimulus.
He doesn't respond well to criticism, so you might want to find a gentler way of wording your concerns.
He doesn't rest.
He doesn't reveal much about his personality.
He doesn't rob them of it.
He doesn't rob you of it.
He doesn't run.
He doesn't say "thank you" to me.
He doesn't say a word.
He doesn't say any more than is necessary.
He doesn't say anything, but he must know something.
He doesn't say certain things.
He doesn't say much, does he?
He doesn't say much.
He doesn't say what he thinks. He is hiding something.
He doesn't say what he thinks. He's hiding something.
He doesn't scare me.
He doesn't screw anything up.
He doesn't see a joke.
He doesn't see his family in his busy life.
He doesn't see his own faults.
He doesn't see it that way.
He doesn't see it.
He doesn't see much of her.
He doesn't see the forest for the trees.
He doesn't see the point in life.
He doesn't see very well despite his glasses.
He doesn't seem bad at all.
He doesn't seem interested in making friends.
He doesn't seem like a bad guy in any way.
He doesn't seem like himself.
He doesn't seem so busy, does he?
He doesn't seem so well.
He doesn't seem that busy, does he?
He doesn't seem to be a very intelligent boy.
He doesn't seem to be an American.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the problems.
He doesn't seem to be breathing...
He doesn't seem to be heading for the town.
He doesn't seem to be himself these days.
He doesn't seem to care.
He doesn't seem to get on in the world.
He doesn't seem to have a sense of humour.
He doesn't seem to have heard her.
He doesn't seem to know a lot about her.
He doesn't seem to know her.
He doesn't seem to know his real self.
He doesn't seem to know me.
He doesn't seem to know much about her.
He doesn't seem to like her.
He doesn't seem to like himself very much.
He doesn't seem to like it.
He doesn't seem to like me.
He doesn't seem to like you.
He doesn't seem to recognize her.
He doesn't seem to remember me.
He doesn't seem to understand.
He doesn't seem to want it..
He doesn't seem to want to get ahead.
He doesn't seem too happy, does he?
He doesn't seem upset at all.
He doesn't shake hands.
He doesn't share his food.
He doesn't shave his legs.
He doesn't shave.
He doesn't show any interest in science.
He doesn't show any sign of life.
He doesn't show his feelings.
He doesn't show his true feelings.
He doesn't show me any gratitude.
He doesn't sing very well.
He doesn't sing well.
He doesn't sing.
He doesn't skimp on the expenses.
He doesn't sleep anymore.
He doesn't sleep here.
He doesn't sleep until noon.
He doesn't sleep with a pillowcase.
He doesn't sleep.
He doesn't smile.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't drink vodka.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't practise any sport.
He doesn't smoke any more.
He doesn't smoke anymore.
He doesn't smoke as much now as he used to.
He doesn't smoke cigarettes, just weed.
He doesn't smoke so much now as he used to.
He doesn't smoke, does he?
He doesn't smoke.
He doesn't snore.
He doesn't sound like a native speaker.
He doesn't sound so sure of himself.
He doesn't speak Afghan.
He doesn't speak Berber but his parents do.
He doesn't speak Berber fluently.
He doesn't speak Berber perfectly.
He doesn't speak Berber.
He doesn't speak English at home.
He doesn't speak English either.
He doesn't speak English very well.
He doesn't speak English, and don't even mention French.
He doesn't speak English, and even less French.
He doesn't speak English.
He doesn't speak English; French the less.
He doesn't speak English?
He doesn't speak Finnish, but his grandfather does.
He doesn't speak French, does he?
He doesn't speak French, neither do I.
He doesn't speak Japanese at home.
He doesn't speak Pashto.
He doesn't speak Spanish.
He doesn't speak Tamazight.
He doesn't speak a single word of French, but on the other hand, he speaks English like he was born into it.
He doesn't speak a word of Berber.
He doesn't speak a word of English.
He doesn't speak any Berber at all.
He doesn't speak any Berber.
He doesn't speak any other languages besides Esperanto!
He doesn't speak either English or French.
He doesn't speak frivolously of serious things.
He doesn't speak good Berber.
He doesn't speak in other languages besides Esperanto!
He doesn't speak many languages.
He doesn't speak my language.
He doesn't speak our language.
He doesn't speak that much anymore.
He doesn't speak to her because she is Muslim.
He doesn't speak, he shouts.
He doesn't speak; he screams!
He doesn't speak; he shouts!
He doesn't speak; he yells!
He doesn't spend much time reading.
He doesn't stand a chance against his opponent.
He doesn't stand a chance.
He doesn't stand for me.
He doesn't steal it from them.
He doesn't steal it from you.
He doesn't still do that, does he?
He doesn't stink at all.
He doesn't stop being arrogant, especially when you flatter him.
He doesn't stop shouting at me.
He doesn't stop talking.
He doesn't stop.
He doesn't strike me as efficient.
He doesn't study as hard as he used to.
He doesn't study because he's lazy.
He doesn't surf in the Internet every day.
He doesn't swim at night.
He doesn't swim.
He doesn't take anything seriously.
He doesn't take anything, he doesn't bring anything back.
He doesn't take away, he doesn't bring back.
He doesn't take care of himself.
He doesn't take care of his children.
He doesn't take care of his health.
He doesn't take crap from anyone.
He doesn't take her opinion into account.
He doesn't take her seriously.
He doesn't take him seriously.
He doesn't take himself seriously.
He doesn't take his opinion into account.
He doesn't take it from them.
He doesn't take it from you.
He doesn't take me seriously.
He doesn't take this seriously.
He doesn't take vacations.
He doesn't take very good care of himself.
He doesn't talk Berber perfect.
He doesn't talk about that to people.
He doesn't talk much about himself.
He doesn't talk much, does he?
He doesn't talk much.
He doesn't talk to his neighbors.
He doesn't talk to me any more.
He doesn't talk to me anymore.
He doesn't talk.
He doesn't tan.
He doesn't teach Berber because he doesn't know how to teach it.
He doesn't tell lies.
He doesn't think I did it, does he?
He doesn't think about going back home.
He doesn't think before he speaks.
He doesn't think he can do that by himself.
He doesn't think he can do that.
He doesn't think he can get along with her.
He doesn't think he can live without her.
He doesn't think he can win.
He doesn't think he could do that.
He doesn't think he has to do that.
He doesn't think he should do that.
He doesn't think he snores.
He doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself.
He doesn't think he'll cry.
He doesn't think he'll do that.
He doesn't think he'll ever meet her.
He doesn't think he'll get the job.
He doesn't think he'll lose.
He doesn't think he'll win.
He doesn't think he's ever met her.
He doesn't think he's ever met you.
He doesn't think it necessary to answer my questions.
He doesn't think it was his fault.
He doesn't think it's his fault.
He doesn't think she looks like her mother.
He doesn't think so.
He doesn't think that he can do that by himself.
He doesn't think that it was his fault.
He doesn't think that it's his fault.
He doesn't think that the writer is great.
He doesn't think we can trust her.
He doesn't tolerate that type of behaviour.
He doesn't travel much apart from occasional business trips.
He doesn't trust anybody but her.
He doesn't trust anybody except her.
He doesn't trust anyone but her.
He doesn't trust anyone except her.
He doesn't trust anyone except himself.
He doesn't trust anyone!
He doesn't trust her.
He doesn't trust that doctor.
He doesn't trust the doctor any more.
He doesn't trust the doctor.
He doesn't trust the elections.
He doesn't trust this data.
He doesn't trust you.
He doesn't try to learn.
He doesn't turn around and continues on his way.
He doesn't turn to that work.
He doesn't understand Berber.
He doesn't understand British humour.
He doesn't understand English.
He doesn't understand Italian, does he?
He doesn't understand Tamazight.
He doesn't understand a word of Berber.
He doesn't understand a word of English.
He doesn't understand a word you just said.
He doesn't understand all this stuff.
He doesn't understand anything.
He doesn't understand her.
He doesn't understand life.
He doesn't understand me.
He doesn't understand sarcasm.
He doesn't understand sign language.
He doesn't understand that his actions are inimical to his own interests.
He doesn't understand that his actions work against his own interests.
He doesn't understand that.
He doesn't understand the math.
He doesn't understand the principle of the thing.
He doesn't understand the risks.
He doesn't understand the slang used by young people.
He doesn't understand us.
He doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
He doesn't understand what ethics meant.
He doesn't understand what you say.
He doesn't understand you.
He doesn't understand youth slang very well.
He doesn't understand.
He doesn't use his noodle, he jumps in without thinking.
He doesn't use it.
He doesn't use salt in his cooking.
He doesn't use these crayons.
He doesn't use this anymore.
He doesn't usually do that by himself.
He doesn't usually get involved with his fan.
He doesn't walk.
He doesn't want Yidir to marry her.
He doesn't want a career wife.
He doesn't want a girlfriend.
He doesn't want a relationship. He just wants to sleep with me.
He doesn't want any candy.
He doesn't want any more stress.
He doesn't want anybody asking questions about her.
He doesn't want anyone to find out that he's Muslim.
He doesn't want anyone to know.
He doesn't want for anything.
He doesn't want her to be his friend.
He doesn't want her to change.
He doesn't want her to go anywhere without him.
He doesn't want her to go home by herself.
He doesn't want her to go to Boston without him.
He doesn't want her to marry me.
He doesn't want her to sing.
He doesn't want her to swim by herself.
He doesn't want her to talk to him.
He doesn't want his brother to convert to Islam.
He doesn't want his daughter to get her belly button pierced.
He doesn't want his family around Muslims.
He doesn't want his picture taken.
He doesn't want his son, who is living in Algeria, to visit Libya.
He doesn't want it, does he?
He doesn't want it.
He doesn't want kids.
He doesn't want me anymore.
He doesn't want me here, does he?
He doesn't want me to do that for her.
He doesn't want me to go, but I mean to.
He doesn't want money by scamming people.
He doesn't want money.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his basement.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his garage.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his kitchen.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his lab.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his laboratory.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his office.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his room.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his studio.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his workshop.
He doesn't want those people here.
He doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
He doesn't want to answer any of my legitimate questions.
He doesn't want to apologize.
He doesn't want to argue with her.
He doesn't want to audition for that part.
He doesn't want to be a cowboy.
He doesn't want to be a doctor, although he's very good at science.
He doesn't want to be a partner. He wants to be a rival.
He doesn't want to be around Muslims.
He doesn't want to be around her.
He doesn't want to be around negative people.
He doesn't want to be encumbered with the responsibility of caring for children.
He doesn't want to be in Canada.
He doesn't want to be seen in public with that girl.
He doesn't want to be seen talking to her.
He doesn't want to be seen talking to the teacher.
He doesn't want to be seen with her.
He doesn't want to be taken advantage of.
He doesn't want to become a cowboy.
He doesn't want to become bald like his father.
He doesn't want to believe what happened.
He doesn't want to break up with her.
He doesn't want to bring trouble upon himself.
He doesn't want to buy an expensive engagement ring for her.
He doesn't want to buy lunch.
He doesn't want to call his lawyer.
He doesn't want to call the police.
He doesn't want to care about it.
He doesn't want to cause trouble.
He doesn't want to change.
He doesn't want to clean his room.
He doesn't want to come back.
He doesn't want to commit.
He doesn't want to conform to societal norms.
He doesn't want to convert to Islam.
He doesn't want to cuss.
He doesn't want to dance with her.
He doesn't want to die.
He doesn't want to discourage her.
He doesn't want to discuss the problem with her.
He doesn't want to disturb you.
He doesn't want to do anything that will upset her.
He doesn't want to do anything to hurt her.
He doesn't want to do anything.
He doesn't want to do everything himself.
He doesn't want to do that for her.
He doesn't want to do that himself.
He doesn't want to do that with her.
He doesn't want to do that without her.
He doesn't want to dye his hair.
He doesn't want to eat that lasagna.
He doesn't want to end up in jail.
He doesn't want to end up like that guy.
He doesn't want to fall ill.
He doesn't want to feel empty anymore.
He doesn't want to fight with her.
He doesn't want to fight.
He doesn't want to forgive us.
He doesn't want to get his belly button pierced.
He doesn't want to get ill.
He doesn't want to get in trouble.
He doesn't want to get into a relationship now.
He doesn't want to get involved.
He doesn't want to get married right away.
He doesn't want to get married.
He doesn't want to get off the truck.
He doesn't want to get out of bed.
He doesn't want to get vaccinated.
He doesn't want to go anywhere near her.
He doesn't want to go back to the mosque.
He doesn't want to go down the same path as that guy.
He doesn't want to go out with her.
He doesn't want to go skiing with her.
He doesn't want to go there by himself.
He doesn't want to go to Kabylie anymore.
He doesn't want to go to college.
He doesn't want to go to lunch with her.
He doesn't want to go to school anymore.
He doesn't want to go to school today.
He doesn't want to go to school.
He doesn't want to go to the dance with her.
He doesn't want to go to the mosque.
He doesn't want to go to the movies.
He doesn't want to go with her.
He doesn't want to go; neither do I.
He doesn't want to grow up.
He doesn't want to have an average life. He wants to become rich.
He doesn't want to have any children.
He doesn't want to have anything to do with her.
He doesn't want to have that conversation.
He doesn't want to have to choose between Mom and Dad.
He doesn't want to hear anything else about magic.
He doesn't want to hear anything more about her.
He doesn't want to hear what I tell him.
He doesn't want to help her.
He doesn't want to hug her.
He doesn't want to hurt her.
He doesn't want to impose himself on them.
He doesn't want to invest money in Australia.
He doesn't want to kill Muslims.
He doesn't want to kill her.
He doesn't want to kiss her.
He doesn't want to leave Algeria.
He doesn't want to leave Australia.
He doesn't want to leave her.
He doesn't want to leave the community.
He doesn't want to leave the room because he's afraid that he'll catch another cold.
He doesn't want to lie to her.
He doesn't want to listen.
He doesn't want to live by himself.
He doesn't want to live in Algeria anymore.
He doesn't want to live in Australia.
He doesn't want to live in Kabylie.
He doesn't want to live in a Western country.
He doesn't want to live in a less developed country.
He doesn't want to live in a small apartment.
He doesn't want to live in the city.
He doesn't want to live on his own.
He doesn't want to live our relationship in the open.
He doesn't want to live outside Algeria.
He doesn't want to live paycheck to paycheck.
He doesn't want to live there for more than a year.
He doesn't want to live with these people.
He doesn't want to lose her.
He doesn't want to lose his Berber.
He doesn't want to lose his Islamic identity.
He doesn't want to lose his daughter.
He doesn't want to lose his ego.
He doesn't want to lose his job.
He doesn't want to marry her.
He doesn't want to mess it up this time.
He doesn't want to miss the debate.
He doesn't want to move to Canada.
He doesn't want to obey her.
He doesn't want to obey him.
He doesn't want to open the car.
He doesn't want to open the door for me.
He doesn't want to paddle anymore.
He doesn't want to pay for the food.
He doesn't want to pay.
He doesn't want to play golf with her.
He doesn't want to play soccer anymore.
He doesn't want to play tennis with her.
He doesn't want to play with her.
He doesn't want to play with his toys.
He doesn't want to press charges anymore.
He doesn't want to quit the music business.
He doesn't want to raise his child in an environment that's superficial and meaningless.
He doesn't want to return to Algeria.
He doesn't want to say anything.
He doesn't want to say how much the gift cost.
He doesn't want to scare people away.
He doesn't want to see anyone.
He doesn't want to see her.
He doesn't want to see me.
He doesn't want to see people.
He doesn't want to see that shit.
He doesn't want to see that.
He doesn't want to see the baby.
He doesn't want to see the truth.
He doesn't want to see you.
He doesn't want to sell his car.
He doesn't want to sell his farm.
He doesn't want to sell his land.
He doesn't want to share with colleagues.
He doesn't want to share with coworkers.
He doesn't want to skip school.
He doesn't want to speak to women whose carpets are dirty.
He doesn't want to speak with me.
He doesn't want to speak, being afraid of making mistakes.
He doesn't want to stop her.
He doesn't want to stop talking.
He doesn't want to study today.
He doesn't want to study.
He doesn't want to surprise her.
He doesn't want to take a picture with me.
He doesn't want to take advice from her.
He doesn't want to take my opinion into account.
He doesn't want to take responsibility for what he did.
He doesn't want to take sides.
He doesn't want to take the bus to school.
He doesn't want to take your bicycle.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
He doesn't want to talk about that.
He doesn't want to talk about what's going on in Algeria.
He doesn't want to talk to her.
He doesn't want to talk to me now, and I don't know why.
He doesn't want to talk to me.
He doesn't want to talk to you about what happened last night.
He doesn't want to tell her.
He doesn't want to tell the truth.
He doesn't want to tell you his phone number.
He doesn't want to try anything else.
He doesn't want to try anything.
He doesn't want to wait for you.
He doesn't want to wake up Paul.
He doesn't want to wash any dishes.
He doesn't want to waste any more time.
He doesn't want to work for her.
He doesn't want to work in a factory.
He doesn't want to work today?
He doesn't want to.
He doesn't want you to get hurt.
He doesn't want you to go, does he?
He doesn't want you to know.
He doesn't want you to lose a whole week.
He doesn't want you to talk about your sexual life to him.
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
He doesn't wash up.
He doesn't waste any time, does he?
He doesn't waste money on new phones.
He doesn't waste time.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
He doesn't watch any television.
He doesn't watch television at all.
He doesn't wear a ring.
He doesn't wear hats.
He doesn't wear his hat.
He doesn't wear rings.
He doesn't wear shoes in the house.
He doesn't wear socks in the summer.
He doesn't wear socks.
He doesn't weigh his words.
He doesn't wish anyone harm.
He doesn't wish to open the door for me.
He doesn't wish well for others.
He doesn't work Sunday night.
He doesn't work anymore.
He doesn't work as a chef any more.
He doesn't work as a cook any more.
He doesn't work as hard as he used to.
He doesn't work at all.
He doesn't work at the clinic anymore.
He doesn't work for free.
He doesn't work for us anymore.
He doesn't work here any more.
He doesn't work here anymore.
He doesn't work here now, but he used to work here.
He doesn't work so many hours because he needs the money, and he really does need it, but rather because he enjoys the work he does.
He doesn't work, but only thinks of sponging off his relatives.
He doesn't work.
He doesn't work; he's unemployed.
He doesn't worry about money.
He doesn't worry about the bail.
He doesn't worry about the neighbors.
He doesn't worry about them.
He doesn't yet have much work experience.
He doesn't yet know the truth.
He doesn't yet know what happened to her.
He doesn't yet know what he'll do.
He doesn’t altogether trust me.
He doesn’t always come late.
He doesn’t appear to be wise, does he?
He doesn’t approve of women smoking.
He doesn’t behave himself once he’s drunk.
He doesn’t believe in God.
He doesn’t believe me at all.
He doesn’t belong to us.
He doesn’t bother to comb his hair.
He doesn’t care a bit about me.
He doesn’t care for sweet things.
He doesn’t care if his car is dirty.
He doesn’t care much for baseball.
He doesn’t care, provided he has enough to eat and drink.
He doesn’t carry much baggage on his trips.
He doesn’t charge much.
He doesn’t check his figures when he’s calculating.
He doesn’t come any more, the one smoking said.
He doesn’t come here every day.
He doesn’t come to work because he’s ill.
He doesn’t contribute anything to the household.
He doesn’t dare to reach for fame.
He doesn’t deserve respect.
He doesn’t do well because he doesn’t make the most of his ability.
He doesn’t earn enough money to live on.
He doesn’t eat fruit.
He doesn’t eat raw fish.
He doesn’t eat this, does he?
He doesn’t even drink beer, not to mention whiskey.
He doesn’t even know the elements of an education.
He doesn’t find anything better to do.
He doesn’t get along with anybody in the office.
He doesn’t get jokes.
He doesn’t get the responsibilities he’s been entrusted with.
He doesn’t give a damn about that.
He doesn’t give a fig about money.
He doesn’t go to the office on Saturday.
He doesn’t have a clear objective in life.
He doesn’t have a dry sense of humor.
He doesn’t have a job. He’s retired.
He doesn’t have a mind of his own.
He doesn’t have a particle of kindness in his heart.
He doesn’t have a sister.
He doesn’t have any children.
He doesn’t have any friends to play with.
He doesn’t have any friends.
He doesn’t have any idea how important this meeting is.
He doesn’t have any knowledge about American democracy.
He doesn’t have any pets.
He doesn’t have any strength left.
He doesn’t have enough brains to do sums in his head.
He doesn’t have his feet on the ground.
He doesn’t have long to live.
He doesn’t have much money.
He doesn’t have tea every morning.
He doesn’t have the ability to do the work properly.
He doesn’t have the capacity to be president.
He doesn’t have the guts to say no to my plan.
He doesn’t have the time to play cards.
He doesn’t have to go to school today.
He doesn’t have to go to school.
He doesn’t have to wash the car.
He doesn’t have what it takes to make it around here.
He doesn’t heed any advice.
He doesn’t just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
He doesn’t know English at all.
He doesn’t know French at all.
He doesn’t know a lot about Japan.
He doesn’t know any better.
He doesn’t know any of us.
He doesn’t know any one of us.
He doesn’t know both of us.
He doesn’t know even the proper way of greeting people.
He doesn’t know everything about the plan.
He doesn’t know how to handle children.
He doesn’t know how to play golf.
He doesn’t know how to play the guitar.
He doesn’t know how to play the piano.
He doesn’t know how to swim.
He doesn’t know how to write a letter in English.
He doesn’t know it yet, but he’s already dead.
He doesn’t know me.
He doesn’t know much about Japan.
He doesn’t know that I’m Japanese.
He doesn’t know the cares of raising children.
He doesn’t know the difference between right and wrong.
He doesn’t know what causes it, but just wait. He’ll contrive an explanation.
He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do.
He doesn’t know what it is to be poor.
He doesn’t know what to do with his money.
He doesn’t know what to do.
He doesn’t know where he should be.
He doesn’t know who I am.
He doesn’t know who built those houses.
He doesn’t label himself as a failure; rather,he sees every experience as learning.
He doesn’t let Kate drink wine.
He doesn’t like beef. Neither do I.
He doesn’t like coffee.
He doesn’t like fighting.
He doesn’t like fish.
He doesn’t like oranges.
He doesn’t like tennis much, but he really gets carried away with football.
He doesn’t like the heat of the summer.
He doesn’t like this concert.
He doesn’t like to eat fish.
He doesn’t like to wait until the last moment to do something.
He doesn’t like traveling by air.
He doesn’t like us.
He doesn’t live far away.
He doesn’t live here anymore.
He doesn’t live in my neighborhood.
He doesn’t live there anymore.
He doesn’t look himself this morning.
He doesn’t look his age.
He doesn’t look like an intelligent boy.
He doesn’t look that way, but he’s really a nasty piece of work.
He doesn’t look well. Probably drank too much last night.
He doesn’t look willing to come to the concert.
He doesn’t mean it; he’s just acting.
He doesn’t mean to be mean. It’s just his nature.
He doesn’t mince words.
He doesn’t mingle with the villagers.
He doesn’t miss a beat.
He doesn’t miss anything.
He doesn’t mix well.
He doesn’t need such treatment.
He doesn’t need to work.
He doesn’t only teach English; he also writes novels.
He doesn’t read many books.
He doesn’t read many newspapers.
He doesn’t realise that he’s tone deaf.
He doesn’t realize that he doesn’t have time for these things.
He doesn’t resemble either of his parents.
He doesn’t see a joke.
He doesn’t see his family in his busy life.
He doesn’t seem to be a very intelligent boy.
He doesn’t seem to be an American.
He doesn’t seem to be aware of the problems.
He doesn’t seem to be heading for the town.
He doesn’t seem to get on in the world.
He doesn’t seem to know his real self.
He doesn’t seem to want to get ahead.
He doesn’t show any interest in science.
He doesn’t sing well.
He doesn’t speak English, and don’t even mention French.
He doesn’t speak English, and even less French.
He doesn’t speak French, neither do I.
He doesn’t speak a single word of French, but on the other hand, he speaks English like he was born into it.
He doesn’t speak either English or French.
He doesn’t speak our language.
He doesn’t stand a chance against his opponent.
He doesn’t strike me as efficient.
He doesn’t study as hard as he used to.
He doesn’t take care of his children.
He doesn’t tan.
He doesn’t think that the writer is great.
He doesn’t travel much apart from occasional business trips.
He doesn’t trust the doctor any more.
He doesn’t turn to that work.
He doesn’t understand the principle of the thing.
He doesn’t understand what you say.
He doesn’t understand you.
He doesn’t want Nuja to go to school all rumpled.
He doesn’t want me to go, but I mean to.
He doesn’t want to be encumbered with the responsibility of caring for children.
He doesn’t want to be late for school.
He doesn’t want to go; neither do I.
He doesn’t want to leave the room because he’s afraid that he’ll catch another cold.
He doesn’t want you to lose a whole week.
He doesn’t want you to talk about your sexual life to him.
He doesn’t want you to tell him about your sex life.
He doesn’t watch television at all.
He doesn’t work as hard as he used to.
He doesn’t work here anymore.
He doesn’t work here now, but he used to work here.
He doesn’t work in a hospital.
He doesn’t work, but only thinks of sponging off his relatives.
He doffed his hat when he saw me.
He doled out the waffle batter with a large soup spoon.
He dominates his family and makes all the decisions.
He don't went to Imekhlaf.
He donated $10,000 to the refugee fund.
He donated $10000 to the refugee fund.
He donated a kidney to his uncle.
He donated a kidney.
He donated a lot of money.
He donated blood.
He donated countless pieces to the museum.
He donated his kidney.
He donated the money to the church.
He donated the money.
He donated to the foundation.
He donated.
He donned a business suit.
He donned a shirt of mithril and picked up his mightly blade.
He donned his boots.
He donned his trademark glasses.
He don’t manifest much desire to win the game.
He doodled in the margins of his books.
He dotes on his grandson.
He doubled down on his plan.
He doubted if I would keep my promise.
He doubted that she'd keep her promise.
He doubted the truth of her story.
He doubts I'll keep my promise.
He doubts if I will keep my promise.
He doubts that I'll keep my promise.
He doubts that she can take care of herself.
He dove down.
He dove into the game.
He dove into the pool.
He dove into the sea.
He dove into the water and tried to rescue her.
He dove.
He downed a glass of whisky.
He downed the glass in one.
He downed the glass of beer in one.
He downgraded back to an older version.
He downloaded WhatsApp.
He downloaded a software update.
He downloaded all the information.
He downloaded audiobooks about Islam.
He downloaded the app on his phone.
He downloaded the files.
He downloaded the game.
He downloaded the movie.
He dozed all the while.
He dozed off even though he didn't want to.
He dozed off in history class.
He dozed off under the tree.
He dozed off.
He dozed.
He dragged at my collar.
He dragged her to the couch.
He dragged him out of the bathroom.
He dragged himself out of bed.
He dragged himself to bed.
He dragged his daughter home.
He dragged his feet.
He dragged me by the hair.
He dragged me into it.
He dragged me towards the bedroom door.
He dragged the bag to the couch.
He dragged the box into the kitchen.
He dragged the creature.
He dragged the creatures.
He dragged the deer back to camp.
He dragged the deer to the clearing.
He drained his glass in one gulp.
He drained his glass of wine.
He drained the glass in one draught.
He drank a beer.
He drank a bottle of wine.
He drank a cup of coffee and got to work.
He drank a cup of coffee.
He drank a cup of tea and asked for another.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
He drank a cuppa and asked for another.
He drank a few cups of coffee to keep himself awake.
He drank a few drinks at the bar.
He drank a full bottle of milk.
He drank a full glass of moonshine in one fell swoop!
He drank a full glass of moonshine in one gulp!
He drank a glass of lemon tea and went to his room.
He drank a glass of red wine.
He drank a glass of water before heading to bed.
He drank a glass of water.
He drank a great swig from the bottle.
He drank a little.
He drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of himself.
He drank a lot last night.
He drank a lot of beer.
He drank a lot yesterday.
He drank a lot.
He drank a mouthful of water.
He drank a shot of whiskey.
He drank a shot.
He drank a swig of water.
He drank a tankard of beer.
He drank a whole bottle of milk.
He drank alone.
He drank an entire bottle of milk.
He drank away all his savings.
He drank away his talent.
He drank beer.
He drank coffee.
He drank detergent by accident.
He drank detergent by mistake.
He drank five glasses of alcohol.
He drank from the spring.
He drank hard yesterday.
He drank heavily.
He drank himself to death.
He drank his coffee standing in front of the toilet.
He drank his coffee.
He drank his fill of beer.
He drank his morning coffee.
He drank his orange juice.
He drank his soda.
He drank his wine.
He drank hot milk.
He drank it in one gulp.
He drank milk.
He drank more alcohol.
He drank of the spring.
He drank orange juice out of a bottle.
He drank plenty of black coffee so as not to fall asleep.
He drank poison and died.
He drank some beer as well as a bottle of whisky.
He drank some beer besides a bottle of whisky.
He drank some beer, didn't he?
He drank some fresh water.
He drank some gingerale.
He drank some milk instead of coffee.
He drank some more tea.
He drank some olive oil.
He drank some water.
He drank straight from the bottle.
He drank tar.
He drank ten bottles of beer.
He drank that large beer mug dry.
He drank the beer in one gulp.
He drank the glass of beer down in one.
He drank the juice up.
He drank the last bottle of wine by himself.
He drank the last bottle of wine.
He drank the last drop of water.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He drank the whole bottle of milk by himself.
He drank the whole bottle of milk.
He drank the whole bottle of vodka.
He drank the whole bottle of wine by himself.
He drank them.
He drank three bottles in a row.
He drank three bottles of beer.
He drank three bottles of wine by himself last night.
He drank three cups of the water, one after the other.
He drank three glasses of water.
He drank too much and became indiscreet.
He drank too much beer.
He drank too much strong green tea.
He drank too much!
He drank too much, he doesn't know what he is saying.
He drank up the whole bottle of vodka.
He drank very little of the water.
He drank vodka.
He drank water from this spring.
He drank whiskey at the bar.
He drank wine.
He drank yesterday.
He drank.
He draped a throw blanket over the foot of the bed.
He draped his coat over her shoulders.
He draws for a living.
He draws inspiration from nature.
He draws naked people.
He draws on his childhood experiences for the material of most of his stories.
He draws straight lines.
He draws well.
He draws you.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in hospital.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He dreaded having to spend his birthday in the hospital.
He dreads being let go from his job.
He dreamed about her.
He dreamed about his home.
He dreamed about kissing her.
He dreamed also another dream, which he told his brethren, saying: I saw in a dream, as it were the sun, and the moon, and eleven stars worshipping me.
He dreamed and saw a stairway set upon the earth, and its top reached to heaven. Behold, the angels of God were ascending and descending on it.
He dreamed of becoming a rock star.
He dreamed of becoming a singer someday.
He dreamed of being a hero.
He dreamed of being a professional wrestler.
He dreamed of making people smile.
He dreamed of other worlds.
He dreamed of running his nightclub in Algeria.
He dreamed of space colonies.
He dreamed of traveling to Mars.
He dreamed that he was dreaming.
He dreams of a world without war.
He dreams of becoming a composer.
He dreams of becoming a firefighter.
He dreams of becoming a master.
He dreams of being a firefighter.
He dreams of having his own studio.
He dreams of leaving all this behind.
He dreams of success but puts in no effort.
He dreams of visiting Algeria.
He dreams that everybody in China speaks Esperanto.
He dreams that one day he will own a large house in Algeria.
He dreams.
He dreamt his way away from the council estate where he lived by reading books borrowed from the public library.
He dreamt of becoming a translator, but he became a plumber.
He dreamt one night that he found a beautiful purple flower, and that in the middle of it lay a costly pearl.
He dreamt.
He dressed as a fireman for Halloween.
He dressed him.
He dressed himself like a hermit for the party last night.
He dressed himself quickly, then ran out the door.
He dressed himself quickly.
He dressed in his best clothes.
He dressed in the latest fashions.
He dressed like a Kabyle peasant.
He dressed like a girl.
He dressed like a teenager.
He dressed like a tramp.
He dressed up and went to the kitchen.
He dressed up as a woman.
He dressed up.
He dressed very modestly.
He dressed well.
He dresses himself well.
He dresses like a gentleman but talks and behaves like a clown.
He dresses well.
He drew $100 from his account.
He drew Mina.
He drew a bead on a stag at bay.
He drew a blank when I asked him what he remembered of the accident.
He drew a boat on the paper.
He drew a chair near her.
He drew a check for twenty thousand yen in favor of his wife.
He drew a circle with a compass.
He drew a circle with the compass.
He drew a deep breath.
He drew a gun and shot her.
He drew a line in the sand.
He drew a picture of her and her dog.
He drew a picture of her.
He drew a picture of his dog.
He drew a picture of his house.
He drew a picture of his mother.
He drew a picture.
He drew a straight line on the paper.
He drew a straight line on the wall.
He drew a straight line with his pencil.
He drew a tree.
He drew amusing caricatures of politicians.
He drew an apple.
He drew another picture.
He drew everyone's attention.
He drew from his pocket a square of cardboard and affixed it to the board with a thumbtack.
He drew her to him and kissed her on the mouth.
He drew his conclusions based on that survey.
He drew his gun fast.
He drew his gun faster than a snake.
He drew his knife.
He drew his lips to hers.
He drew his sword.
He drew his water, which was excellent, from a very deep natural well, above which he had set up a very simple pulley block.
He drew invisible symbols in the air with his fingers.
He drew it from his imagination.
He drew it with an orange crayon.
He drew me a map to his house.
He drew on others for help.
He drew out a roll of parchment, dusty, yellowed and half covered with spiderwebs.
He drew out his speech.
He drew out some money.
He drew some vertical lines on the paper.
He drew that picture a while ago.
He drew the curtains shut and undressed her.
He drew the knife on me.
He drew the shortest straw.
He drew the water from the well.
He drew things on the wall.
He drew this.
He drew two squares on the blackboard.
He drew up to her.
He drew water from the fountain.
He drew with black ink.
He dribbled the ball past the defender.
He dried himself with a bath towel.
He dried himself with a towel.
He dried his armpits with a towel.
He dried his dog with a towel.
He dried his eyes.
He dried his face with a towel.
He dried his feet with a towel.
He dried his hair with a towel.
He dried his hair with this towel.
He dried his hands with a towel.
He dried his sweaty forehead.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He drifted aimlessly through life.
He drifted off to sleep.
He drilled a hole in the wall, pushed a Rawlplug into it, screwed in a screw, and hung on the screw a picture of the Alps.
He drilled a well in the orchard.
He drinks a bottle of beer at dinner.
He drinks a cup of coffee before going to work.
He drinks a cup of coffee before he goes to work.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He drinks a lot but always seems sober.
He drinks a lot of coffee.
He drinks a lot of milk every day.
He drinks a lot.
He drinks a moderate amount of coffee.
He drinks a mug of white coffee without sugar.
He drinks beer.
He drinks bitter coffee.
He drinks blood.
He drinks coffee before work.
He drinks coffee.
He drinks cold water.
He drinks cow's milk.
He drinks every day.
He drinks excessive amounts of coffee.
He drinks far too much beer.
He drinks gin to be able to endure reality.
He drinks himself unconscious every night.
He drinks his coffee black every time.
He drinks his tea without milk.
He drinks in order to forget.
He drinks juice.
He drinks lemonade every morning.
He drinks like a fish.
He drinks like no other.
He drinks lots of water.
He drinks milk and we drink water.
He drinks milk twice a day.
He drinks milk.
He drinks nothing but water.
He drinks nothing other than water.
He drinks olive oil.
He drinks only for the sake of getting drunk.
He drinks only water.
He drinks red wine.
He drinks sweet milk.
He drinks tea and listens to music.
He drinks tea every day.
He drinks tea while he listens to music.
He drinks the coffee with slow sips so it lasts longer, and that way he can enjoy it more.
He drinks to excess.
He drinks to forget.
He drinks too much alcohol.
He drinks too much and has a beer belly.
He drinks too much beer.
He drinks too much coffee.
He drinks too much.
He drinks water from the tap.
He drinks water.
He drinks wine every once in a while.
He drinks wine.
He drinks with alcoholics.
He drinks.
He drives a BMW.
He drives a Ferrari.
He drives a Lotus.
He drives a Toyota Corolla.
He drives a black car, doesn't he?
He drives a breakdown lorry.
He drives a cab.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He drives a car, doesn’t he?
He drives a car, right?
He drives a hard bargain.
He drives a light truck.
He drives a lorry.
He drives a nice car.
He drives a pickup truck.
He drives a pimped-out Cadillac Escalade.
He drives a pink Cadillac.
He drives a sports car, doesn't he?
He drives a taxi.
He drives a tour bus.
He drives a tow truck.
He drives a train.
He drives a truck for a living.
He drives a truck.
He drives a ute.
He drives an SUV.
He drives an electric car.
He drives an old Yugo.
He drives around Algiers in his bling-bling SUV.
He drives as carefully as you do.
He drives badly.
He drives clumsily.
He drives fast.
He drives his own car.
He drives his parents' car.
He drives his teachers to despair.
He drives like a maniac.
He drives like a nutter! I'm not getting in a car with him.
He drives me crazy.
He drives now.
He drives over the bridge.
He drives really slow.
He drives roughly.
He drives safely.
He drives slowly.
He drives the teacher crazy.
He drives to work.
He drives too fast.
He drives very fast.
He drives well.
He drives with an expired driving license.
He drives without a licence.
He drives without a license.
He drives.
He drizzled caramel sauce over the cake.
He drools.
He dropkicked my lunchbox over the fence.
He dropped Rima off.
He dropped a bombshell.
He dropped a bunch of hard tasks on me.
He dropped a letter into the mailbox.
He dropped a vase.
He dropped an awful clanger.
He dropped down and prayed.
He dropped down to his knees right in front of me.
He dropped everything.
He dropped her a line.
He dropped her off at her friend's house.
He dropped his Berber name and took on an Arab name, naively thinking that this would make him a better Muslim.
He dropped his books on the floor.
He dropped his coffee cup.
He dropped his cup and broke it.
He dropped his dummy.
He dropped his flashlight.
He dropped his gaze.
He dropped his glass.
He dropped his gun.
He dropped his head on the pillow.
He dropped his keys.
He dropped his kid off at school.
He dropped his kids off at school.
He dropped his original plan.
He dropped his paddle.
He dropped his pencil.
He dropped his phone and broke it.
He dropped his phone in the water.
He dropped his phone.
He dropped his son off at school.
He dropped his studies in chemistry.
He dropped his studies.
He dropped his voice.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
He dropped his wallet, and now it’s mine.
He dropped his wallet.
He dropped his wineglass and broke its stem.
He dropped in at a bookstore.
He dropped in at my house last night.
He dropped in at my house.
He dropped in at the bookstore.
He dropped in on a friend.
He dropped in on me last night.
He dropped in on me yesterday.
He dropped in on me.
He dropped in on some old friends during his vacation trip to New York.
He dropped in on us from time to time.
He dropped in to see us.
He dropped it.
He dropped lemon juice into his tea.
He dropped me off right outside my house.
He dropped onto the floor.
He dropped ouf of school last week.
He dropped out from his law degree.
He dropped out half way into the race.
He dropped out halfway into the race.
He dropped out of college in the first year.
He dropped out of college.
He dropped out of high school.
He dropped out of his law degree.
He dropped out of school in his second year.
He dropped out of school.
He dropped out of the club.
He dropped out of university in his first year.
He dropped out when he was in the 7th grade.
He dropped out.
He dropped the anchovies.
He dropped the buckets into the well.
He dropped the cup and broke it.
He dropped the cup.
He dropped the melon and it burst.
He dropped the sausage on the ground.
He dropped the subject.
He dropped this.
He dropped to his knees.
He dropped to one knee and lowered his head.
He drops in on me very often.
He drove Linda crazy.
He drove a Chevy.
He drove a Volvo.
He drove a limo for almost a decade.
He drove a limo for many years.
He drove a nail into the board.
He drove a point home to his pupils.
He drove a truck.
He drove a van.
He drove all day.
He drove all the way across town just to buy a birthday cake for her.
He drove all the way to Algiers.
He drove all the way to Kabylie.
He drove away early this morning.
He drove away.
He drove back home to Algiers.
He drove back to Algiers.
He drove back to the mosque.
He drove by her house and waved at her.
He drove carelessly and had an accident.
He drove down the winding road.
He drove down to the hotel.
He drove fast.
He drove from ridge to ridge.
He drove futuristic cars.
He drove her back to her apartment.
He drove her back to her house.
He drove her back to her place.
He drove her to her place.
He drove her to the hospital.
He drove him home.
He drove himself to the hospital.
He drove his car to Yokohama.
He drove his car, whistling merrily.
He drove his children to school.
He drove his children to the pool.
He drove his kids to school.
He drove his sports car at full speed.
He drove home.
He drove horses tandem out of town.
He drove in a nail with his hammer.
He drove into an abandoned military zone.
He drove like crazy.
He drove like lightning.
He drove me home.
He drove me nuts.
He drove me to hospital.
He drove me to the pier.
He drove me up the wall all morning.
He drove more than an hour to find a grocery store that was well-stocked.
He drove off in his lorry.
He drove off the intruders.
He drove off.
He drove on the motorway.
He drove onto the mine and his jeep exploded.
He drove over a land mine and his jeep blew up.
He drove past the mosque.
He drove slowly because he wasn't familiar with the route well.
He drove slowly up the hill.
He drove that night.
He drove the ball into the bottom corner.
He drove the car all day.
He drove the car at eighty kilometers an hour.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
He drove the car.
He drove the dog away.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
He drove there last summer.
He drove thirty-six kilometers.
He drove through the village like a madman.
He drove to Algiers.
He drove to Boston by himself.
He drove to Boston to meet her.
He drove to Boston to visit her.
He drove to Boston with her.
He drove to Dina's house.
He drove to Kabylie.
He drove to San Diego once.
He drove to a motel.
He drove to school.
He drove to the airport to meet him.
He drove to the mosque on his own.
He drove to the mosque to pray.
He drove to the mosque.
He drove to the party.
He drove to the post office.
He drove to work despite the storm.
He drove to work.
He drove towards the Algerian border.
He drove us home.
He drove us to Kabylie.
He drove.
He drowned in a quarry.
He drowned in a swimming pool.
He drowned in his bathtub.
He drowned in his swimming pool.
He drowned in the lake.
He drowned in the ocean.
He drowned in the river.
He drowned while swimming in the river.
He drowned.
He drowns his sorrows in alcohol.
He drowns.
He drugged her.
He drugged me and almost raped me.
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel.
He drummed nervously on the railing.
He drunk wine, so he is slightly drunk.
He ducked down on one knee.
He ducked down.
He ducked.
He dug a grave for his dog.
He dug a hole in his backyard with the shovel she'd given him.
He dug a hole in his backyard.
He dug a hole in the garden.
He dug a hole in the sand.
He dug a hole using a shovel.
He dug a hole with a shovel.
He dug a hole.
He dug a pit with a shovel.
He dug a well in the garden.
He dug his own grave.
He dug in his heels, refusing to back down.
He dug the hole bit by bit.
He dug up an old photo of his father.
He dumped her.
He dumped his girlfriend.
He dumped me for good.
He dumped me over the phone.
He dumped me.
He dumped the papers back into the drawer.
He dusted himself off.
He dusted off his boots.
He dusted the bookshelves to keep the books clean.
He dwells in the country.
He dwells on his past failures.
He dwelt for a time in France, then went to Italy.
He dwelt on an unpleasant subject for two hours.
He dwelt on the complexities of modern life.
He dwelt on the pleasure of the past.
He dyed his hair black for years.
He dyed his hair black.
He dyed his hair blue.
He dyed his hair brown.
He dyed his hair dark brown.
He dyed his hair the same color as hers.
He dyed his hair.
He dyed his old T-shirt blue.
He dyes his hair, doesn't he?
He dyes his hair.
He eagerly finished up what was left of the cake.
He earlier had a phone call with Tom.
He earned a full ride scholarship to Stanford University.
He earned a law degree.
He earned a lot of money despite not being educated.
He earned a master's degree in Berber linguistics.
He earned an accredited degree.
He earned as much as 100,000 yen working part-time last month.
He earned as much money as possible.
He earned her love.
He earned his doctorate at Harvard.
He earned his doctorate in 2013.
He earned his living as a singer.
He earned his living as a teacher.
He earned his living as an engineer.
He earned it.
He earned money by delivering newspapers.
He earned money.
He earned no more than ten dollars a day.
He earned the money he needed to go to college.
He earns 300,000 yen a month.
He earns a big salary.
He earns a good salary.
He earns a great deal.
He earns a living.
He earns a lot of money.
He earns a lot.
He earns at least $1,000 dollars a week.
He earns double my salary.
He earns enough to help support his family in Algeria.
He earns half a million yen a month.
He earns half a million yen every month from that work.
He earns his bread as a writer.
He earns his bread by writing.
He earns his living as a guitarist.
He earns his living as a hotel boy.
He earns his living as a teacher.
He earns his living by playing the piano.
He earns his living by stealing from his neighbour.
He earns his living by teaching English.
He earns his living by teaching.
He earns his living by writing.
He earns money.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He earns more than five hundred dollars a month in that job.
He earns much more money than he deserves.
He earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
He earns not less than 1,000 dollars a week.
He earns not more than 50 dollars a week.
He earns over 500 dollars a month at that job.
He earns over 500 dollars a month from that job.
He earns over 500 dollars a month with that job.
He earns three times as much as I do.
He earns three times as much as I.
He earns three times as much as me.
He earns three times more than I do.
He earns three times more than me.
He earns twenty dollars a day.
He earns twice as much as me.
He earns twice my salary.
He eased his heart.
He eased my heart.
He eased their hearts.
He easily catches cold.
He easily gets angry at trivial things.
He easily gets angry nowadays.
He easily gets angry.
He easily licked his opponent.
He easily opened the box.
He easily overpowered the muggers.
He easily overpowered the security guards.
He easily solved the problem.
He easily won.
He eats Orios every day.
He eats a crust of bread every morning.
He eats a full breakfast every day.
He eats a hamburger in his car on the way home.
He eats a lot of different things, but mainly vegetables.
He eats a lot of junk sometimes.
He eats a lot, doesn't he?
He eats a lot.
He eats anything.
He eats around the clock.
He eats at a soup kitchen.
He eats at his desk all day.
He eats at twelve o'clock.
He eats beans only if he has no pending social engagements.
He eats beans.
He eats beef with olive oil and cherries.
He eats before brushing his teeth.
He eats both cheese and bread.
He eats bread.
He eats breakfast at the hotel at 7.30 in the morning.
He eats breakfast there often.
He eats breakfast with his mother.
He eats cheese.
He eats chocolate.
He eats diet candy.
He eats dinner at 7:00.
He eats eggs for breakfast every day.
He eats fast.
He eats fruit.
He eats halal food.
He eats healthier food now.
He eats hotdogs whenever he can.
He eats junk food.
He eats like a bird. He's a nibbler.
He eats like a horse.
He eats like a little bird.
He eats like a pig.
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.
He eats lunch at his desk.
He eats lunch by himself every day.
He eats lunch early.
He eats meat.
He eats more than his father.
He eats neither meat nor fish.
He eats non-stop.
He eats nothing but bread.
He eats nothing but fruit.
He eats nothing but sweets.
He eats nothing else but fruit.
He eats nothing more than fruit.
He eats nothing other than fruit.
He eats nuts.
He eats only a little.
He eats only what he wants to eat.
He eats peanuts all the time.
He eats propolis near the hearth where an incandescent fire is burning.
He eats quickly, doesn't he?
He eats quickly.
He eats rice.
He eats scrambled eggs for breakfast.
He eats seafood.
He eats slowly.
He eats standing up.
He eats steak every chance he gets.
He eats sweets.
He eats till he is full.
He eats tomatoes.
He eats too fast.
He eats too much.
He eats until he can eat no more.
He eats very little.
He eats white rice.
He eats, breathes and sleeps computers.
He eats.
He echoes his wife in everything.
He edged himself into our conversation.
He edged his chair back and rose.
He edged out his rival.
He edged sideways through the crowd.
He edited the video on Rima's computer.
He edited the videos for TikTok.
He edited videos on his computer.
He edits videos.
He effected a revolution in music, and revolutionists must have daring; and save in music he showed no sign of unusual daring.
He effortlessly spews the funniest non sequiturs I've ever heard.
He either gets discharged from his positions because of incompetency or he leaves because of his nomadic tendencies.
He ejaculated all over her.
He ejaculated while we were still having foreplay.
He elbowed his way through the crowd never once asking anyone's pardon.
He elbowed his way through the crowd.
He elbowed me in the ribs.
He elected painting as a career.
He eliminated discrimination.
He emailed her the pictures he took at her party.
He embarked on a journey through the cave.
He embarked on a journey towards self-sufficiency.
He embarked on a new career.
He embarked on a new enterprise.
He embarked on a new study.
He embarked on a path of self-discovery.
He embarked on a trip this day.
He embarked on his marriage with many hopes and fears.
He embarrassed her.
He embarrasses me.
He embezzled public money.
He embezzled the money from his office.
He embraced Islam as well.
He embraced Islam because he wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
He embraced Islam in 2004.
He embraced Islam in Algeria in 2004.
He embraced Islam in a mosque like this.
He embraced Islam in his mid-forties.
He embraced Islam quite quickly.
He embraced Islam.
He embraced her hard.
He embraced her tenderly.
He embraced her.
He embraced his father.
He embraced his relatives before he left.
He embraced his son warmly.
He embraced his son.
He embraces her quirks.
He emerged blinking into the sunlight.
He emerged from behind the bar.
He emerged from his rest.
He emerged from sleep at dawn.
He emerged from slumber.
He emerged from there.
He emigrated at the age of twenty.
He emigrated for France.
He emigrated to Algiers.
He emigrated to Australia.
He empathizes with me.
He empathizes with you.
He emphasised carrying out promises made to the people, but he failed to uphold many commitments.
He emphasised the importance of education.
He emphasised the urgent need for immediate action.
He emphasized its importance.
He emphasized that tens of thousands of people would come to that concert.
He emphasized the importance of education.
He emphasized the importance of peace.
He emphasized the importance of this.
He emphasized the importance of working hard.
He employed a new maid.
He employed a new secretary.
He employed dishonest means in his business.
He employs a maid.
He empowers her confidence.
He emptied a glass of wine.
He emptied a tankard of beer.
He emptied his bank account.
He emptied his glass in one gulp.
He emptied his glass.
He emptied his pockets of their contents.
He emptied his pockets.
He emptied the ashtray.
He emptied the ashtrays.
He emptied the bank account.
He emptied the box of its contents.
He emptied the container of its contents.
He emptied the glass in one draught.
He emptied the glass with a single gulp.
He enabled me to help him.
He enchants me with his piercing eyes.
He encountered a friend on the road.
He encountered difficulties in his work.
He encountered many problems.
He encountered unexpected obstacles.
He encounters big problems.
He encouraged her to be a better Muslim.
He encouraged her to be independent.
He encouraged her to continue speaking in Berber.
He encouraged her to learn about Islam.
He encouraged her to pursue Islamic studies.
He encouraged her to pursue her dreams.
He encouraged her to speak up.
He encouraged her to take action.
He encouraged her to take risks.
He encouraged her.
He encouraged his children to memorize the Quran.
He encouraged his son to do something great.
He encouraged his son to study harder.
He encouraged his students to speak Berber.
He encouraged me to come back to Islam.
He encouraged me to convert to Islam.
He encouraged me to learn Berber.
He encouraged me to try again.
He encouraged political leaders to work for the common good and to provide the means and resources needed for everyone to lead a dignified life.
He encouraged them to ask questions during lessons.
He encouraged them to make friends with other children there.
He encourages her success.
He encourages her to be brave.
He encourages her to be her best self.
He encourages her to be independent.
He encourages her to communicate openly.
He encourages her to pursue her dreams.
He encourages her to speak up.
He encourages her to succeed.
He encourages her to take risks.
He encourages her to try new foods.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber at home.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber naturally.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber outside of school.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber with their friends.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber.
He encourages me to learn Interlingua.
He encourages me to take risks in life.
He encourages me to try everything I want in life.
He encourages me to try new things in life.
He encourages others to be curious.
He encourages others to consider becoming donors.
He encourages others to keep learning.
He encourages people to be the best they can.
He encourages people to memorize the Quran.
He endeavored in order to do his duty.
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He endeavored to win the contest.
He endeavors to attain his goal.
He ended by quoting the Bible.
He ended his job.
He ended his life by jumping off a bridge.
He ended his life by jumping off the bridge.
He ended the call.
He ended the trip early.
He ended up being afraid of you.
He ended up believing in predestination.
He ended up checking into the Aurassi Hotel.
He ended up coming to the restaurant.
He ended up converting to Islam.
He ended up dead.
He ended up despising her.
He ended up doing that by himself.
He ended up expelled.
He ended up getting his belly button pierced.
He ended up getting lost.
He ended up getting married to her.
He ended up going by himself.
He ended up going himself.
He ended up going to Algeria.
He ended up going to Kabylie which is a region in Algeria.
He ended up here in Algiers.
He ended up in Algeria instead of Turkey.
He ended up in Algeria, working for an oil company.
He ended up in Algerian territory.
He ended up in Algiers.
He ended up in bad company.
He ended up in foster care.
He ended up in hospital following a bad car accident.
He ended up in jail.
He ended up in the hospital.
He ended up in the river.
He ended up living in that house for four years.
He ended up living on the streets.
He ended up living under a bridge.
He ended up marrying a Muslim woman.
He ended up not calling.
He ended up not coming.
He ended up on Lithuanian television.
He ended up on the floor.
He ended up on the streets.
He ended up sleeping rough in a market town.
He ended up taking the bus all the way here.
He ended up taking the test.
He ended up talking to the teacher about it.
He ended up walking home.
He endowed the college with a large sum of money.
He endured many hardships.
He endured to sacrifice his daughter, as an aid to war.
He engaged a new secretary.
He engaged her as an interpreter.
He engaged in agriculture.
He engaged in incest with his younger sister.
He engaged in the struggle.
He engaged to pay the bill as soon as possible.
He engages himself in every new project.
He engages in extreme sports.
He engraves the soldier's name in fine marble to honor him.
He enjoyed Algeria.
He enjoyed a full life.
He enjoyed a life of leisure.
He enjoyed a little bit of fame on TikTok.
He enjoyed a new life under the sea.
He enjoyed being here.
He enjoyed being there.
He enjoyed cycling.
He enjoyed doing that.
He enjoyed each moment of vengeance.
He enjoyed every minute of this.
He enjoyed fishing with her father.
He enjoyed fishing with his father.
He enjoyed fries with fried eggs.
He enjoyed going for walks with her.
He enjoyed himself a lot at the party.
He enjoyed himself at the concert.
He enjoyed himself at the dance last weekend.
He enjoyed himself at the party.
He enjoyed himself.
He enjoyed his stay.
He enjoyed hobnobbing with diplomats and celebrities.
He enjoyed it.
He enjoyed our guided tours.
He enjoyed playing baseball.
He enjoyed playing that game.
He enjoyed reading detective stories.
He enjoyed shed hunting.
He enjoyed skiing to his heart's content.
He enjoyed skiing to his heart’s content.
He enjoyed soft-cooked eggs.
He enjoyed some coffee at the park.
He enjoyed some drinks at the café.
He enjoyed spending time there.
He enjoyed spending time with her.
He enjoyed talking to her.
He enjoyed talking with her.
He enjoyed teaching music to children.
He enjoyed that.
He enjoyed the Christmas feast.
He enjoyed the attention.
He enjoyed the challenge.
He enjoyed the company of friends.
He enjoyed the concert.
He enjoyed the guided tour.
He enjoyed the idea of going down paths on his horse.
He enjoyed the movie.
He enjoyed the party.
He enjoyed the people in Amsterdam.
He enjoyed the performance.
He enjoyed the ride.
He enjoyed the service.
He enjoyed the show.
He enjoyed the story.
He enjoyed the tasks assigned to him.
He enjoyed the time he spent in Boston with her.
He enjoyed the trip.
He enjoyed the vacation to his heart's content.
He enjoyed the vacation to his heart’s content.
He enjoyed the video.
He enjoyed the view.
He enjoyed those visits.
He enjoyed visiting Rome.
He enjoyed working for her.
He enjoyed wrestling.
He enjoys a good challenge.
He enjoys a good reputation as a specialist in brain surgery.
He enjoys a good social life.
He enjoys a well-rounded diet.
He enjoys bacon on pizza.
He enjoys being with her.
He enjoys building sandcastles on the beach.
He enjoys challenges.
He enjoys considerable standing among his peers.
He enjoys creating science experiments.
He enjoys discouraging people.
He enjoys doing nothing.
He enjoys doing that.
He enjoys eating ice cream.
He enjoys engaging in macabre activities such as dissecting animal corpses and stalking people on the street at night.
He enjoys experimenting with new ideas.
He enjoys experimenting with new recipes.
He enjoys exploring remote areas.
He enjoys expressing his affection frequently.
He enjoys going for walks in the countryside.
He enjoys going on country walks.
He enjoys going to the pub at the weekend.
He enjoys good health.
He enjoys hanging out with her.
He enjoys himself at everything he does.
He enjoys his classes.
He enjoys his position.
He enjoys his sleep and doesn't like to have it interfered with.
He enjoys his sleep and doesn’t like to have it interfered with.
He enjoys horseback riding.
He enjoys illustrating.
He enjoys learning Berber.
He enjoys learning about my interests.
He enjoys living at a calm pace.
He enjoys living in Algeria.
He enjoys long walks through the woods.
He enjoys lying to himself.
He enjoys mentoring others.
He enjoys movies.
He enjoys painting oil paintings.
He enjoys playing chess with her.
He enjoys playing chess.
He enjoys playing in the mud during rainy days.
He enjoys playing tennis.
He enjoys playing tricks on me.
He enjoys putting people down.
He enjoys reading novels on holiday.
He enjoys reading novels.
He enjoys reading scientific articles.
He enjoys relaxing on the sofa after a tiring day.
He enjoys rowing.
He enjoys school.
He enjoys setting off fireworks and cleaning up afterward.
He enjoys sex.
He enjoys sharing his story to raise awareness.
He enjoys showing off his cars and make a show of it.
He enjoys showing off his luxury cars and put them on a show.
He enjoys speaking Berber.
He enjoys speaking English.
He enjoys speaking about himself.
He enjoys spending time with her.
He enjoys studying English.
He enjoys taking life lightly and living frugally.
He enjoys talking about himself.
He enjoys teaching Berber.
He enjoys teaching English.
He enjoys teasing her.
He enjoys that.
He enjoys the excitement of surfing.
He enjoys the fresh air.
He enjoys the girls' favour.
He enjoys the pared-down simplicity of minimalism.
He enjoys the pleasures of life.
He enjoys the sweet taste of honey.
He enjoys their company and guidance.
He enjoys trying new restaurants.
He enjoys visiting Abidjan.
He enjoys walking in the countryside.
He enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time.
He enjoys washing with cold water in the morning.
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.
He enjoys what he does.
He enjoys wine sometimes, but mostly he drinks whisky.
He enjoys writing Berber.
He enlightened me on how I should attack the subject.
He enlisted as a volunteer.
He enlisted in the Algerian army.
He enlisted in the Foreign Legion.
He enlisted.
He enrolled at the Cherchell Military Academy in Algeria.
He enrolled his children in Quran classes to deepen their understanding.
He ensures that the organization complies with regulations.
He entered Algeria on a diplomatic passport.
He entered Algiers like a hero.
He entered Tokyo University this spring.
He entered a prestigious school.
He entered a room, and the toilet stood.
He entered among us.
He entered civil service 20 years ago right after college.
He entered her room.
He entered his home.
He entered his password.
He entered his room.
He entered into the game with great spirit.
He entered junior high school.
He entered my room without permission.
He entered my room.
He entered politics for one reason: to fight corruption.
He entered the Cherchell Military Academy in Algeria in 1991.
He entered the Democratic Party but soon left it.
He entered the army.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He entered the bar and sat on the stool next to her.
He entered the barn.
He entered the booth to make a call.
He entered the boutique.
He entered the business world instead of going on to college.
He entered the camel race.
He entered the cave.
He entered the cell.
He entered the classroom with his overcoat on.
He entered the college to study electronics.
He entered the cooking contest.
He entered the garden secretly.
He entered the hall of fame.
He entered the hallway.
He entered the highway.
He entered the hole.
He entered the house again.
He entered the house and closed the door behind him.
He entered the house and found you sleeping.
He entered the house right foot first in order for everything to be right in the new year.
He entered the house without knocking on the door.
He entered the house.
He entered the jungle.
He entered the lion's den.
He entered the mosque.
He entered the national high school boxing championship competition.
He entered the novitiate.
He entered the old part of Algiers.
He entered the quarantined zone.
He entered the race.
He entered the room after her.
He entered the room after you left.
He entered the room followed by his girlfriend.
He entered the room in his coat and hat.
He entered the room on tiptoes.
He entered the room slowly by that door.
He entered the room through the door.
He entered the room with candles.
He entered the room with her.
He entered the room with his hat off.
He entered the room with the boxes.
He entered the room, to be confronted by a policeman.
He entered the room.
He entered the school in regular clothes.
He entered the school.
He entered the spelling bee.
He entered the store.
He entered the tunnel to look for the creature.
He entered the tunnel.
He entered the university after failing the examination twice.
He entered the utility corridor.
He entered the van.
He entered the vehicle.
He entered their room.
He entered through the back exit into the kitchen.
He entered through the window.
He entered up the sum in his account book.
He entered without acknowledging me.
He entered without permission.
He entered, saying hello.
He enters my house.
He enters the office.
He entertained her.
He entertained the children by singing.
He entertained the guests with his jokes.
He entertained us with jokes all evening.
He entertains her.
He entertains people.
He entertains some hope of accomplishing it.
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking.
He entirely dedicates himself to his job.
He entirely lost his temper with me.
He entreated his wife not to leave him.
He entreated us help him.
He entrusted the case to me.
He enumerated each one of them.
He enumerated the whole lot.
He enumerates his children as there are many of them.
He envied Silya.
He envied my success.
He envied them their happiness.
He envies all his friends.
He envisions the "Post-scarcity Economy."
He epitomizes the American dream.
He equates wealth with happiness.
He equipped himself with a rifle.
He equipped himself with everything needed to climb the mountain.
He equipped his son with the will to persevere.
He erased from his memory what befell him.
He erased her from his memory.
He erased his speech from the tape.
He erased the chalk from the blackboard.
He erected the dwelling.
He erred in his judgement.
He erred on the side of severity.
He escaped after sensing the danger.
He escaped being run over by a hair's breadth.
He escaped being run over by a hair’s breadth.
He escaped custody.
He escaped from Saudi Arabia and ended up in Algeria.
He escaped from prison by climbing over a wall.
He escaped from prison by digging a tunnel.
He escaped from prison thirty years ago and has been on the lam ever since.
He escaped from prison through a tunnel.
He escaped from prison.
He escaped from the Nazis.
He escaped from the danger.
He escaped from the prison in the dead hours of the night.
He escaped injury, happily.
He escaped my hands.
He escaped that fate because his lawyers successfully argued that he was under 21 and hence underage for the hangman's noose.
He escaped the camp.
He escaped the danger.
He escaped through the utility corridor.
He escaped to England.
He escaped under cover of darkness.
He escaped under cover of the darkness.
He escaped upstairs.
He escaped with a black eye.
He escaped with the stolen items.
He escaped.
He escapes from reality's stress.
He eschews anything mainstream.
He escorted Skura to the dance.
He escorted her to her room.
He especially likes dogs.
He especially likes swimming.
He especially loves to tell jokes.
He established a business in Algeria.
He established a friendly relationship with the natives.
He established dominance in the early stages of the competition.
He established himself as a politician.
He established his son in trade.
He established the company.
He established the firm.
He established the school.
He established this school.
He esteems me as I esteem him.
He esteems me greatly.
He esteems the professor highly.
He estimated the journey.
He estimated the loss at five million yen.
He estimates that the new house will cost roughly thirty million yen.
He evaded his duty.
He evaluates the company's risk factors.
He even asked me if I would marry him.
He even called me "ugly".
He even called me an idiot.
He even called you an idiot.
He even cleaned the kitchen.
He even criticized George Washington.
He even did a paper on Islam.
He even did drugs with his teacher.
He even had another dream.
He even has one with dancing mice on it.
He even hit me with a slipper.
He even learned to make his own telescopes to study the sky.
He even polished the shoes.
He even referred to the origin of life.
He even refused to join our association.
He even speaks Berber.
He even suspected that the man was the principal offender.
He even talks like Nicholas Cage.
He even thought I lied.
He even took the ice-cube trays from the freezer.
He even wrote a paper on Islam.
He even wrote me poems.
He eventually agreed.
He eventually became a vampire.
He eventually came round.
He eventually came to.
He eventually changed his mind.
He eventually collapsed.
He eventually died.
He eventually divorced her.
He eventually found a rhythm.
He eventually found the road again.
He eventually made it to the final round.
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
He eventually married her.
He eventually moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
He eventually realized how wrong he was.
He eventually realized that he had to drop the act.
He eventually regained consciousness.
He eventually took the blame.
He eventually turned himself in.
He evicted the existing tenants by taking them to court for non-payment of back rent.
He evinced no interest in the project.
He evokes memories of someone.
He exaggerated his experience.
He exaggerated.
He exaggerates about his experience.
He exaggerates the harm done.
He exaggerates!
He exaggerates.
He examined him with interest.
He examined it from top to bottom.
He examined the box, curious to understand its mechanics.
He examined the broken wagon wheel.
He examined the coats.
He examined the facility.
He examined the feather.
He examined the house with an eye to opening a store there.
He examined the metal box.
He examined the mysterious equations.
He examined the package.
He examined the pictures more closely.
He examined the skulls.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He examined the spare parts one by one.
He exasperates his mother.
He excavated the mountain and drew out a rat.
He exceeds all his brothers in scholastic ability.
He excelled in music even as a child.
He excels all his brothers in scholastic ability.
He excels at everything.
He excels at what he does.
He excels in many sports.
He excels in math.
He excels in mathematics.
He excels over the other people in his class.
He excels us at tennis.
He excels.
He exchanged a plough for a sword.
He exchanged glances with her.
He exchanged his cow for two horses.
He exchanged his old car for a new one.
He exchanged seats with her.
He exchanged seats with the next person.
He exchanged yen for dollars.
He exchanges money at the bank.
He exclaimed that I should not touch the gun.
He exclaimed that she was beautiful.
He exclaimed, "What a dirty face you have!"
He excluded the woman from the suspects.
He excused himself and left the room.
He excused himself and left the table.
He excused himself and left.
He excused himself for being late.
He excused himself for his bad behavior.
He excused himself to go to the bathroom.
He excused himself.
He excused his absence.
He executed the plan.
He exercised his abdominal muscles.
He exercised his powers to the full.
He exercised to burn off some energy.
He exercised.
He exercises.
He exerted a special attraction on anorexic women, and his forearms were the size of surfboards.
He exerted himself and made his way in life.
He exerted himself to solve the problem.
He exhaled a deep breath in discouragement.
He exhaled loudly.
He exhaled.
He exhausted all his energy.
He exhausted himself climbing the belfry.
He exhausted his money.
He exhausted his strength on the work.
He exhibited a number of behaviors typical of his diagnosis.
He exhibited no remorse for his crime.
He exists on 3,000 yen a day.
He exited the park.
He exits the elevator on the top floor and climbs onto the roof.
He exits the lift on the top floor and climbs onto the roof.
He expanded his research.
He expected great success in the project from me.
He expected it.
He expected many of them to come to his aid.
He expected me to do a great deal; and when I fulfilled his expectations, he, in his own way, fully testified his approbation.
He expected more.
He expected nothing from her.
He expected nothing in return.
He expected that their talk was going to be long.
He expected the boy to be the staff of his old age.
He expected to come upon him at the next turn of the road, on the skirt of the next wood, outside the next village.
He expected to fail the exam.
He expected to have seen her before he went out of town.
He expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
He expects a lot from me.
He expects a lot.
He expects me to help him do that.
He expects me to help him.
He expects that everyone respects the rules the company established.
He expects to succeed in winning a scholarship by studying hard.
He expects too much of her.
He expects us to help him.
He expelled the students from the room.
He experienced a difficult summer.
He experienced a pain in his leg.
He experienced great misery.
He experienced intense disappointment.
He experienced many epic failures.
He experienced moments of distress.
He experienced rejection by his peers.
He experienced rejection.
He experienced the intimate pleasure of a man who, after a long wait, finally sees the first rays of desired happiness.
He experienced their way of life.
He experiences allergy symptoms with peanuts.
He experiences anxiety about his sexual performance.
He experiments with different sounds.
He explain the plan in detail.
He explained Islam to her.
He explained Islam to them.
He explained about the accident.
He explained at length what had been decided.
He explained by means of diagrams.
He explained everything in Berber.
He explained everything quite clearly, providing examples.
He explained everything to Stella.
He explained everything to her.
He explained everything to me at breakfast.
He explained everything to the police.
He explained everything.
He explained his decision.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
He explained his plan in detail.
He explained his plan to her.
He explained his plans in detail.
He explained his position to her.
He explained his position to me.
He explained his problem.
He explained his reasons clearly.
He explained his reasons to me.
He explained how he did that.
He explained how she lost his money.
He explained how the accident came about.
He explained how to make a fire.
He explained how to play the guitar to me.
He explained in detail what he had seen.
He explained it at length.
He explained it in Berber.
He explained it in detail.
He explained it in his speech.
He explained it to me in detail.
He explained it to me.
He explained it to you easily.
He explained it.
He explained later how he made this decision.
He explained that he hadn't written because he had lost our address.
He explained that he knew nothing about the matter.
He explained that he was Muslim.
He explained that the teacher had fallen asleep and several boys had started throwing spitballs.
He explained that those financiers usually look for clarity, predictability and repeatability when deciding whether to commit resources to an individual project or to a country.
He explained the circumstances to her.
He explained the circumstances to the police.
He explained the details to her.
He explained the facts at length.
He explained the facts in detail.
He explained the grading system to the new students.
He explained the importance of studying hard.
He explained the joke to her.
He explained the literal interpretation of the sentence.
He explained the literal meaning of the phrase.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.
He explained the main purpose of the plan.
He explained the math problem on the board.
He explained the math problem.
He explained the matter in detail.
He explained the matter to her.
He explained the matter to me.
He explained the movie.
He explained the plan to her.
He explained the plan's main objective.
He explained the plan’s main objective.
He explained the political background of the war on TV.
He explained the problem to her.
He explained the process of building a boat.
He explained the process of putting them together.
He explained the project to her.
He explained the purpose of the project to her.
He explained the reason at length.
He explained the rule to me.
He explained the rules in detail.
He explained the rules of the game to her.
He explained the rules of the game.
He explained the rules to her.
He explained the rules to me.
He explained the rules to us in detail.
He explained the schedule to her.
He explained the situation to Mary.
He explained the situation to her.
He explained the system to her.
He explained the whole thing to her.
He explained this passage in detail.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
He explained to her his circumstances.
He explained to her that he came from the future.
He explained to her that he needed her help.
He explained to her that he was on a mission.
He explained to her the pillars of Islam.
He explained to her why he couldn't go to her party.
He explained to his mother why he became a Muslim.
He explained to his mother why he converted to Islam.
He explained to me how to operate the machine.
He explained to me how to use the machine.
He explained to me that he had no money.
He explained to me the basics of Islam.
He explained to my son why it rains.
He explained what he said in Berber.
He explained what the matter was.
He explained why he did that.
He explained why he did this.
He explained why he didn't do that.
He explained why he was late.
He explained why he was there.
He explained why the experiment failed.
He explained, and, in doing so, quite dispelled the girl's illusion that he was come on her account.
He explains the literal meaning of the sentence.
He explains things in a very clear way.
He explains things simply and clearly.
He explains.
He exploded at her.
He exploded in uncontainable laughter.
He exploded with anger.
He exploited her vulnerability.
He exploited his position to build up his fortune.
He exploited the orphans.
He explored Paraguay.
He explored Siberia.
He explored alternative solutions.
He explored the Amazon jungle.
He explored the bunker.
He explored the cave.
He explored the dungeon.
He explored the house.
He explored the mysteries of time.
He explored the region around the South Pole.
He explored the trail.
He explores new territories of thought.
He explores new ways to think differently.
He explores philosophical questions.
He explores the mysteries of life.
He explores traditional music from other cultures.
He exposed Mina.
He exposed corruption in the city government.
He exposed himself to danger.
He exposed himself to the ridicule of his classmates.
He exposed himself.
He exposes himself to the sun a lot, causing brown spots to appear on his face.
He expressed himself clearly.
He expressed himself in good English.
He expressed himself very well in English.
He expressed his admiration.
He expressed his affection in an unusual manner.
He expressed his appreciation for the interest shown in his country and said he valued the interchange of ideas.
He expressed his belief in her honesty.
He expressed his disappointment.
He expressed his dissatisfaction.
He expressed his doubt.
He expressed his feelings for nature in a poem.
He expressed his feelings frankly.
He expressed his feelings in the form of a painting.
He expressed his love whenever he could.
He expressed his opinion in a few words.
He expressed his thanks to us all.
He expressed it in the form of fiction.
He expressed profound regret and apologized sincerely.
He expressed regret over the affair.
He expresses himself badly.
He expresses himself in a strange way.
He expresses himself that way to make you believe it's a good idea.
He expresses himself very correctly.
He expresses himself very well.
He expresses joy after winning.
He expresses joy in my presence.
He expresses love through physical touch.
He extended his right arm.
He extended his stay by three days.
He extended many courtesies to me.
He extended the knowledge of biochemistry.
He exterminated his enemies.
He extinguished his cigarette.
He extinguished the fire.
He extorted a large amount of money from her.
He extracted a passage from the poem.
He extracted salt from seawater through crystallization.
He extracted the tooth.
He exudes a lot of serenity.
He exudes confidence and self-assurance.
He exudes sex appeal.
He eyed her suspiciously.
He eyed her.
He fabricated this entire thing.
He faced consequences for his actions.
He faced it empty-handed.
He faced numerous difficulties.
He faced ruin.
He faced them with confidence.
He faced toward the sea.
He faced worse.
He faces deportation.
He faces important difficulties.
He faces many obstacles.
He faces severe punishment.
He faces the death penalty.
He facilitated the talks.
He faded into the fog like the memory of a ghost long forgotten.
He fades away so that others may thrive!
He failed after all.
He failed because he did not have money.
He failed because he didn't study.
He failed by playing all the time.
He failed due to lack of effort.
He failed for want of experience.
He failed his A-levels.
He failed his Berber class.
He failed his French test.
He failed his exams through not studying enough.
He failed in business for lack of experience.
He failed in business, and to make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
He failed in business.
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
He failed in his attempt to swim the river.
He failed in his business and now is a total wreck.
He failed in his business in spite of his efforts.
He failed in his business last year.
He failed in my having been surprised at the examination.
He failed in spite of his great efforts.
He failed in the attempt to sail across the Pacific Ocean.
He failed in the examination because he had not studied.
He failed in the examination for lack of preparation.
He failed in the examination.
He failed in the scheme, much to the disappointment of his father.
He failed many times, but he had no feeling that it was a waste of time.
He failed miserably.
He failed notwithstanding my advice.
He failed the Berber test.
He failed the breathalyzer test.
He failed the entrance exam.
He failed the exam because he didn't study.
He failed the exam because he had not studied enough.
He failed the exam because he's a slacker.
He failed the exam because he's lazy.
He failed the exam because of a lack of preparation.
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.
He failed the exam, but he doesn’t care too much.
He failed the exam.
He failed the examination again.
He failed the final exam.
He failed the math exam.
He failed the math test.
He failed the second time, too.
He failed the test miserably.
He failed to accomplish his goal in time, not because there wasn’t sufficient opportunity, but because he didn’t exercise enough personal discipline.
He failed to answer the letter.
He failed to apologize for betraying our trust.
He failed to appear on the occasion.
He failed to become a cabinet member at that time.
He failed to capitalize on the opportunity.
He failed to catch the 8:30 train.
He failed to come on time.
He failed to come up to our expectations.
He failed to come yesterday.
He failed to do what he said he would do.
He failed to do what he said.
He failed to escape from the fire and burned to death.
He failed to follow our advice.
He failed to fulfill his commitment to me.
He failed to get elected contrary to our expectation.
He failed to impress her.
He failed to keep his promise.
He failed to keep his word.
He failed to kill him.
He failed to pass his driving test.
He failed to persuade her.
He failed to persuade the woman in the door to buy his product.
He failed to see the stop sign at the intersection and hit an oncoming car.
He failed to take the exam.
He failed to top the ice cream with a cherry.
He failed to wake Harry up.
He failed to win.
He failed to write to his father that week.
He failed twice.
He failed, due to lack of money.
He failed, to his father's disappointment.
He failed, to his father’s disappointment.
He failed.
He fails at work.
He fails to build a lasting romantic relationship.
He fainted and fell on his back.
He fainted at the sight of blood.
He fainted from the heat, but his wife's patient nursing brought him to.
He fainted from the heat, but his wife’s patient nursing brought him to.
He fainted in my arms.
He fainted in the middle of his speech.
He fainted in the midst of his speech.
He fainted while walking down the stairs.
He fainted with hunger and fatigue, but came to after a while.
He fainted.
He faints when he sees blood.
He faithfully discharged his duty.
He faked his death and assumed a new identity.
He faked his own death and had his wife stage his funeral.
He faked his own death.
He faked it.
He falls every time he stands up.
He falls for lies easily.
He falls in love as soon as he sees a girl with green eyes.
He falls in love with Aiesha.
He falsely accused me.
He falsely accused them.
He falsified his report.
He fancies himself as an artist.
He fancies himself ill.
He fancies himself somebody.
He fanned himself with his notebook.
He fanned the fire into flame.
He fantasised about living on white beaches.
He farted out loud.
He farted.
He farts in front of people without a care.
He fascinated me.
He fashioned a noose out of the bed sheets and hung himself in his cell.
He fashioned a walking stick from a fallen branch.
He fashioned an elegant pot out of clay.
He fasted throughout the entirety of Great Lent.
He fasted with us during the month of Ramadan.
He fasted.
He fastened his eyes on me.
He fastened his seat belt.
He fastened his seatbelt.
He fastened the holster to his belt.
He fastened the horse's pack with a rope.
He fatally shot himself.
He fathered children to three different women who all left him.
He fathered seven children by three different women.
He fathered seven children.
He feared being reprimanded.
He feared causing her pain.
He feared for his life for the first time in his life.
He feared forgetting his lines more than anything else.
He feared his god.
He feared some traffic police checks during the trip.
He feared the dark.
He fears abandonment.
He fears being compared to you.
He fears being fired.
He fears being rejected.
He fears death.
He fears for his life.
He fears him as the devil fears the cross.
He fears his own shadow.
He fears his own son.
He fears loneliness and having to organize on his own.
He fears of life.
He fears snakes.
He fears the hospital.
He fears the worst for this new virus.
He feasted on fries and sunny-side-up eggs.
He feasted on poached eggs.
He feasts before fasting and fasts before feasting.
He fed cattle in these places.
He fed his dog at the same time every day.
He fed his dog table scraps.
He fed his dog.
He fed his horse.
He fed his leftovers to his dog.
He fed the chickens millet.
He fed the dog.
He fed the dogs.
He fed the goats.
He fed the horse.
He fed the pigs.
He fed the rooster.
He fed the sheep.
He fed them.
He fed us.
He fed you.
He feeds his dog twice a day.
He feeds his rabbits three times a day: morning, noon and evening.
He feeds me.
He feeds table scraps to his dog.
He feeds the dog.
He feeds the giraffes every day.
He feels a bit better today.
He feels a bit under the weather.
He feels a good deal better than yesterday.
He feels a little bit stressed.
He feels a little sorry for her.
He feels a lot better today.
He feels a sense of shame.
He feels a strong connection to his nation's customs.
He feels a strong need for passion.
He feels a strong sense of belonging.
He feels a unique connection to the families he helps.
He feels at home.
He feels bad today.
He feels bad.
He feels blessed to have them in his life.
He feels cold.
He feels comfortable.
He feels compassion for me.
He feels compassion for you.
He feels cornered.
He feels disturbed.
He feels embarrassed about his body.
He feels fat.
He feels fine.
He feels free.
He feels fulfilled by his job.
He feels good.
He feels grateful for their constant help.
He feels happy in spite of his failure.
He feels happy when he is with himself.
He feels he needs to do something.
He feels himself go from hero to zero whenever he's confronted with a beautiful woman.
He feels hurt.
He feels insecure about the size of his penis.
He feels insecure in his identity.
He feels lightheaded.
He feels like a misunderstood genius.
He feels like he's singled out.
He feels like he’s singled out.
He feels lost.
He feels more at home in the Algerian desert.
He feels much better than he did yesterday.
He feels no pain after everything that happened to him.
He feels no regret for murdering his girlfriend.
He feels no reluctance in acknowledging errors.
He feels no shame about it, because he thinks that they're not sentient.
He feels overwhelmed by the situation.
He feels powerless about his own life.
He feels proud to support those struggling with infertility.
He feels relaxed when he's playing the guitar.
He feels relaxed when he’s playing the guitar.
He feels sad when he is lonely.
He feels sick to his stomach when he eats.
He feels so much happier.
He feels sorry for her.
He feels sorry for you.
He feels superior to others.
He feels that he's ready to play.
He feels that his life has gone to the dogs because he doesn't have any money.
He feels that his team will win the game.
He feels that the entire world is out to get him.
He feels the cold very much.
He feels the need to assert his masculinity.
He feels the need to pee.
He feels the opposite thing.
He feels the prize to be the superior.
He feels the same way.
He feels the urge to access new experiences.
He feels the urge to urinate.
He feels this new law will restrict his freedom.
He feels tired.
He feels truly loved.
He feels uneasy.
He feels very happy.
He feels weak after his illness.
He feels weaker and weaker.
He feigned illness to get out of working.
He feigned indifference to the girl.
He feigned mirth.
He feigned not to notice the two strangers.
He fell a victim to a deadly disease.
He fell a victim to his own ambition.
He fell accidentally.
He fell among bad companions.
He fell and broke his arm while he was skiing.
He fell and broke his arm.
He fell and broke his foot.
He fell and broke his leg.
He fell and couldn't get up by himself. Several people ran to help him up.
He fell and hit his head on a rock.
He fell and hit his head on the floor.
He fell and hit his tailbone.
He fell and hurt himself.
He fell and hurt his hand.
He fell and hurt his knee.
He fell and hurt his leg.
He fell and hurt his tailbone.
He fell and scraped his knee.
He fell and smashed his head.
He fell apart.
He fell as if wounded by a bullet.
He fell asleep and began snoring very loudly.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
He fell asleep at the wheel.
He fell asleep behind the wheel and had an accident.
He fell asleep during class.
He fell asleep during the film.
He fell asleep immediately.
He fell asleep in class and started snoring.
He fell asleep in front of the television.
He fell asleep on my shoulder.
He fell asleep on the couch.
He fell asleep on the rails and was run over by a train.
He fell asleep on the sofa.
He fell asleep on the train and woke up in Germany.
He fell asleep quickly.
He fell asleep right away.
He fell asleep straight away.
He fell asleep thinking about her.
He fell asleep under the tree.
He fell asleep waiting for her.
He fell asleep watching the TV.
He fell asleep while driving and caused an accident.
He fell asleep while driving home from work. Luckily, he wasn't hurt.
He fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
He fell asleep while reading the newspaper.
He fell asleep with his clothes on.
He fell asleep with his glasses on.
He fell asleep with the radio on.
He fell asleep with the window open.
He fell asleep.
He fell asleep; that's why he wasn't there.
He fell awkwardly.
He fell back.
He fell backward.
He fell behind in his English class.
He fell behind in his work.
He fell captive to her charms.
He fell down a hole.
He fell down and hurt himself.
He fell down and hurt his knee.
He fell down from the landing.
He fell down from the roof, and what made the matter worse, broke his leg.
He fell down in the mountain.
He fell down on the floor.
He fell down on the ice and broke his arm.
He fell down on the ice and hurt his leg.
He fell down the ladder.
He fell down the ravine.
He fell down the stairs and hurt himself.
He fell down the stairs.
He fell down the steps.
He fell down, he did not get up.
He fell down, he never got up.
He fell down.
He fell eight metres.
He fell face first into her boobs.
He fell flat on the floor.
He fell for an Algerian girl named Skura.
He fell for her big time.
He fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
He fell for it.
He fell for that old ad for a house like a ton of bricks.
He fell for the oldest trick in the book.
He fell for the seventy-fourth time, dead tired.
He fell from his horse.
He fell from one extreme to the other.
He fell from the horse.
He fell from the ladder and broke his leg in three places.
He fell from the other side of the horse.
He fell from the roof head over heels.
He fell from the tree.
He fell head over heels for her.
He fell head over heels in love with her.
He fell head over heels into the pool.
He fell head over heels into the water.
He fell head-first from the roof.
He fell head-long into the river.
He fell heavily onto his right shoulder.
He fell ill a few days ago.
He fell ill because he ate too much.
He fell ill from overeating.
He fell ill less than a month after going abroad.
He fell ill three years ago.
He fell ill when he was young.
He fell ill with swine flu.
He fell ill with the coronavirus.
He fell ill, and therefore he gave up going abroad.
He fell ill.
He fell in battle.
He fell in love with Berber music.
He fell in love with a beautiful princess.
He fell in love with a pretty girl.
He fell in love with a younger woman.
He fell in love with another woman.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
He fell in love with her the first time he met her.
He fell in love with her the first time he saw her.
He fell in love with her the moment he met her.
He fell in love with her, but didn't even know her name.
He fell in love with her.
He fell in love with him.
He fell in love with his best friend.
He fell in love with his desk mate.
He fell in love with his personal secretary.
He fell in love with his student.
He fell in love with me.
He fell in love with my best friend.
He fell in love with one of his personal secretaries.
He fell in love with one of his students.
He fell in love with someone else.
He fell in love with the Berber language.
He fell in love with the admiral's daughter.
He fell in love with the beautiful princess.
He fell in love with the girl at first sight.
He fell in love with the girl.
He fell in love.
He fell in the bathroom.
He fell in the corner.
He fell in the ditch.
He fell in the well.
He fell in with a bad crowd.
He fell in with a strange man when he was taking a walk.
He fell inside.
He fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself.
He fell into a deep sleep.
He fell into a deep slumber.
He fell into a pit.
He fell into a pothole and flattened a tire.
He fell into a rage.
He fell into a slumber inadvertently.
He fell into bad company.
He fell into critical condition.
He fell into my arms.
He fell into my hands.
He fell into the abyss.
He fell into the bottomless pit.
He fell into the cesspool and got covered from head to toe.
He fell into the ditch.
He fell into the habit of keeping late hours.
He fell into the pool.
He fell into the river with his backpack.
He fell into the river.
He fell into the shark infested waters.
He fell into the trap.
He fell into the water and drowned.
He fell into the water with a splash.
He fell into the water with a splosh.
He fell into the water.
He fell into the well.
He fell into your arms.
He fell lamentably short of his duty.
He fell madly in love with her.
He fell off his bicycle.
He fell off his bike.
He fell off his camel.
He fell off his chair.
He fell off his horse.
He fell off his pony.
He fell off schedule.
He fell off the chair while changing the light bulb.
He fell off the horse here and died.
He fell off the horse.
He fell off the pony.
He fell on his back.
He fell on his knees.
He fell on the floor.
He fell on the ground.
He fell on the ice and injured his leg.
He fell out of love with her.
He fell out of the frying pan into the fire.
He fell out of the tree.
He fell out the window.
He fell out with his wife.
He fell over in the school playground.
He fell overboard and drowned.
He fell overboard and was drowned.
He fell prey to an impulse to steal.
He fell short of our expectation.
He fell silent.
He fell straight into the trap.
He fell straight to sleep.
He fell to his death.
He fell to his knees.
He fell to temptation.
He fell to the floor.
He fell to the ground.
He fell unconscious.
He fell under the suspicion of the police.
He fell under the table.
He fell victim to his own ambition.
He fell when the ladder broke.
He fell while dancing.
He fell while skiing off-piste.
He fell with his truck into the ravine.
He fell, so I had to take him to the ER.
He fell, twisting his ankle.
He fell.
He felled a tree in his garden.
He felled a tree.
He felled the tree.
He fells trees in the mountain.
He fells trees on the mountain.
He fells trees.
He felt a bit better the next day.
He felt a bit tired.
He felt a blow on his shoulder.
He felt a deep sense of accomplishment after finishing the project.
He felt a deep sense of loss after the breakup.
He felt a gentle breeze rustle his hair.
He felt a hand on his shoulder.
He felt a little better.
He felt a little guilty.
He felt a pain in his back.
He felt a pain in his chest.
He felt a pain in his side.
He felt a pat on his shoulder.
He felt a resentment against his uncle for taking him in.
He felt a sense of relief when he saw that she was alive.
He felt a sense of relief.
He felt a sharp pain in his chest.
He felt a sharp pain.
He felt a strong sense of peace while hiking in the mountains.
He felt a sudden pain.
He felt a sudden urge to write a novel.
He felt a tap on his shoulder.
He felt a touch.
He felt a void in his life.
He felt a wave of relief as she stabilized.
He felt abandoned.
He felt about in his pockets for the key.
He felt accepted.
He felt alienated from society.
He felt alone.
He felt an acute pain in his chest.
He felt an urge to kill her.
He felt an urge to kiss her.
He felt angry.
He felt as if he was floating.
He felt as if he were floating.
He felt as if he were in a dream.
He felt ashamed about what he saw.
He felt ashamed of himself.
He felt ashamed of not answering the question.
He felt ashamed of not doing that.
He felt ashamed.
He felt at home.
He felt awkward after she kissed him.
He felt awkward.
He felt bad for her.
He felt bad for the children.
He felt bad.
He felt betrayed by his closest ally.
He felt betrayed.
He felt better.
He felt blue.
He felt brave.
He felt cheated.
He felt cold.
He felt comfortable in the mosque.
He felt compassion for her.
He felt compassion for him.
He felt compelled by God to convert to Islam.
He felt compelled to drop the plan.
He felt compelled to lie all the time.
He felt compelled to report the incident.
He felt completely at ease with her.
He felt conflicted.
He felt confused.
He felt convinced that Jonas was again the Jonas he had known a week ago, and not the Jonas of the intervening time.
He felt dazed.
He felt defeated.
He felt differently.
He felt dizzy at the thought of it.
He felt dizzy.
He felt embarrassed about it.
He felt empty inside.
He felt energized during the workout.
He felt evil.
He felt excluded from society.
He felt excluded.
He felt fine.
He felt flattered.
He felt followed.
He felt foolish.
He felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket.
He felt free as a bird half a year ago.
He felt good.
He felt goosebumps.
He felt grateful to have her in his life.
He felt great affection for his sister.
He felt great sorrow when his wife died.
He felt great.
He felt guilty about the way he'd treated her.
He felt guilty.
He felt happy.
He felt hated.
He felt he didn't have a choice.
He felt he fit in here.
He felt he had done his duty.
He felt he had to do something.
He felt he had to say something.
He felt he needed to make amends.
He felt he was going to die.
He felt he'd done his duty.
He felt hedged in with rules.
He felt helpless.
He felt her breath.
He felt her hand on his shoulder.
He felt himself being carried.
He felt himself being lifted up.
He felt himself getting hungry.
He felt himself growing impatient.
He felt himself growing old.
He felt himself lifted up.
He felt himself seized by a strong arm from behind.
He felt himself shaken at the news.
He felt his arm and wondered when his muscles would grow.
He felt his blood run cold.
He felt his face grow hot.
He felt his heart about to burst in his chest.
He felt his heart beat faster.
He felt his heart beating fast.
He felt his heart beating faster.
He felt his heart pound on that incline.
He felt his heart swelling with joy.
He felt his heartbeat slowly coming back to normal.
He felt his knees tremble.
He felt his phone vibrate.
He felt his phone vibrating.
He felt his way in the dark.
He felt his way through the darkness.
He felt homesick.
He felt humiliated.
He felt hungry for affection.
He felt hungry.
He felt hurt.
He felt ignored by her.
He felt ill at ease among prominent scholars.
He felt ill at ease in the new surroundings.
He felt ill at ease.
He felt immensely guilty.
He felt in his pocket for his keys.
He felt in his pocket for his lighter.
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.
He felt in his pockets for the key.
He felt inspired and motivated after reading Malcom X's autobiography.
He felt instant affection for her.
He felt it was his duty to go.
He felt jealous.
He felt left out.
He felt like a total burden.
He felt like a truck had rolled over him.
He felt like crying at the sight.
He felt like he could do anything.
He felt like he could do it.
He felt like he had no future.
He felt like he had no other choice.
He felt like he had to do something about it, so he went over to the meetinghouse to see if he could find out what could be done.
He felt like he needed to take a shower.
He felt like he was being followed.
He felt like he was flying.
He felt like he was in a dream.
He felt like he was living in a dream.
He felt like he was on his own.
He felt like he'd been betrayed.
He felt lonely.
He felt lost after the death of his brother.
He felt lost and uncomfortable.
He felt lucky.
He felt more than friendship for her.
He felt motivated to excel at work.
He felt nauseous.
He felt needed.
He felt neglected.
He felt nervous about the result.
He felt nervous.
He felt no more than friendship for her.
He felt nothing.
He felt offended by those words.
He felt pain and compassion.
He felt pain.
He felt patriotism rise in his breast.
He felt perfectly content.
He felt pity for us.
He felt pleased with the new car.
He felt prepared.
He felt pretty comfortable with her.
He felt queasy.
He felt rather ashamed of himself.
He felt really bad for her.
He felt really bad for some reason.
He felt rejected.
He felt rejection.
He felt rejuvenated.
He felt relief when his mother died.
He felt relieved.
He felt remorse for what he'd done.
He felt repulsed.
He felt resentment against his uncle for deceiving him.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He felt sad.
He felt safe there.
He felt safe.
He felt scared.
He felt severe pain in his back and legs.
He felt sick.
He felt sleepy.
He felt snubbed.
He felt so ashamed.
He felt so bad.
He felt so unhappy that he cursed the day he was born.
He felt somebody touch his arm.
He felt someone touch his arm.
He felt someone touch his shoulder.
He felt something crawl up his leg.
He felt something touch his arm.
He felt something touch his shoulder.
He felt sorry for Skura.
He felt sorry for her.
He felt strong.
He felt stupid.
He felt sure that market is not necessarily free and open.
He felt sympathy for her.
He felt terrible about that.
He felt terrible about what he said to that janitor.
He felt terrible for Mom.
He felt terrible.
He felt terrific.
He felt that a man like that ought to be wiped off the face of the earth in some way, or placed in solitary confinement the rest of his life.
He felt that he had a lot to offer.
He felt that he hadn't been properly rewarded.
He felt that he was being used.
He felt that he was getting old.
He felt that he was master of the situation.
He felt that his own temper required a partner of a more independent spirit, who could set sail with him on his course of life, resolved as himself to dare indifferently the storm and the favouring breeze.
He felt that his own temper required a partner of a more independent spirit.
He felt that it would be a waste of time to translate the letter for her.
He felt that something was about to happen.
He felt that the reason he was able to succeed was because of his friends' help.
He felt that the reason he was able to succeed was because of his friends’ help.
He felt that there was danger in the air. What could it mean? He had never been a believer in premonitions or superstitions of any kind.
He felt that this was too good a chance to miss.
He felt that.
He felt the cold air of the fan.
He felt the cold rain on his face.
He felt the lure of adventure.
He felt the most divine joy that he had experienced since his birth.
He felt the most heavenly joy that he had experienced since birth.
He felt the pangs of conscience.
He felt the pricks of conscience.
He felt the rain on his face.
He felt the same way as I did.
He felt the same.
He felt the sun very hot upon his shoulders, and he heard the harsh, insistent jarring of a tern that hovered and circled with forked tail and sharp white wings in the sunlight just above their heads; but all the time he stood staring into the good old gentleman's face.
He felt the vastness of space.
He felt the warm sun shining, and heard the lark singing, and saw that all around was beautiful spring.
He felt the warmth of his skin and the pulse of his heart.
He felt the warmth of the sun on his skin.
He felt tired because he had worked longer than usual.
He felt tired of working in the factory.
He felt tired.
He felt trapped.
He felt unappreciated.
He felt uncomfortable, so he left.
He felt uneasy in his father's presence.
He felt uneasy in his father’s presence.
He felt uneasy.
He felt unwanted.
He felt utterly humiliated.
He felt very lonely.
He felt very tired.
He felt violated.
He felt warm and comfortable.
He felt weak.
He felt welcome.
He felt woozy.
He felt worried.
He felt wronged.
He fervently drank up the beer, wanting to forget everything, to forget her.
He fetched a few cushions to prop up her head.
He fetched some water from the well.
He fetched water from the spring.
He fetches bread.
He fidgeted in his chair.
He fights a lot.
He fights all the time.
He fights every day.
He fights windmills.
He figured he could do that.
He figured he couldn't afford it.
He figured he'd be able to do that.
He figured it out all on his own.
He figured it out on his own.
He figured it out.
He figured out a principle.
He figured that he could do that.
He figures he's not alone.
He figures that he's not alone.
He filed a complaint.
He filed a noise complaint against the neighbors.
He filed an appeal against his sister's sectioning.
He filed for a restraining order.
He filed the surface smooth.
He filled a great deal of notebooks on his travels.
He filled a lot of notebooks on his travels.
He filled a ship with merchandise.
He filled his bag with walnuts.
He filled his bucket with sand.
He filled his glass again.
He filled his glass and then filled one for her.
He filled his glass with water.
He filled his glass with wine.
He filled his plate with food.
He filled it up to the brim.
He filled my canteen with panna cotta.
He filled out the application form.
He filled out the paperwork for her.
He filled the bathtub with water.
He filled the bottle with water.
He filled the bucket to the top.
He filled the bucket with water.
He filled the buckets with dirt.
He filled the buckets with water.
He filled the crack with putty.
He filled the cup to the brim.
He filled the glass with wine and handed it to me.
He filled the glass with wine.
He filled the glasses again.
He filled the glasses with wine.
He filled the jar with coins.
He filled the tires with air.
He filled the tube with dirt.
He filled the vase with water.
He filled up the hole in the wall.
He fills me with confidence.
He fills the bill.
He filmed a video about Facebook.
He filmed countless anti-Algerian videos.
He filmed his best footage in Algeria.
He filmed that.
He filmed the fight.
He filmed the mosque.
He finally accomplished the work.
He finally achieved his goals.
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
He finally admitted he needed help and checked himself into detox.
He finally admitted the truth.
He finally agreed to our plan.
He finally agreed.
He finally arrived at the Algerian border.
He finally arrived in Algiers for his day in court.
He finally arrived!
He finally arrived.
He finally became the president of IBM.
He finally bent to my wishes.
He finally broke up with her.
He finally broke up with that woman.
He finally called me back.
He finally came back to England.
He finally came to his senses.
He finally caught up to her.
He finally caught up with her.
He finally comes out after all these years.
He finally committed suicide by falling on his own sword.
He finally consented to our plan.
He finally couldn't take it anymore.
He finally decided to break up with her.
He finally decided to cooperate with the police.
He finally decided to get married.
He finally decided to go to his mother with the news his father had shared.
He finally decided to pipe up about what had been going on.
He finally decided to propose to her.
He finally decided to try.
He finally delivered the envelope to his wife.
He finally did something.
He finally found her.
He finally found his calling.
He finally found his family after ten years.
He finally found his keys.
He finally found his way home.
He finally found love.
He finally found out how to make it.
He finally fulfilled my request.
He finally gave in.
He finally gave up on math.
He finally gave up smoking.
He finally gave up the ghost.
He finally got a text from her.
He finally got ahead of the rest of class.
He finally got his head screwed back on.
He finally got his wish.
He finally got the hint.
He finally got the message and left her alone.
He finally got the message and left.
He finally got the message.
He finally got up.
He finally got what he wanted.
He finally had to step down.
He finally hit upon a solution to his problem.
He finally kicked his drug habit.
He finally kicked the bad habit.
He finally learned his lesson.
He finally left the room.
He finally left.
He finally let the cat out of the bag.
He finally lost his temper.
He finally made a name for himself as a politician.
He finally made it to Algiers.
He finally made it.
He finally made money.
He finally made up his mind to leave her.
He finally made up his mind to marry the girl he had met in Paris.
He finally managed to get a hold of her.
He finally managed to open the chest.
He finally met Tom Hanks in person.
He finally met her.
He finally met my demands.
He finally moved to Algeria.
He finally mustered up the courage to talk to her.
He finally mustered up the courage to tell her that he loved her.
He finally opened the door and escaped.
He finally quit smoking.
He finally reached the hotel.
He finally realised his brother is missing.
He finally realised his mistake.
He finally realized that Mary had made a fool of him.
He finally realized that he was wrong.
He finally recovered.
He finally resigned the presidency of the college.
He finally said what day he would come.
He finally showed his true colors.
He finally showed his true colours.
He finally slept with her.
He finally spoke.
He finally stood up.
He finally stopped smoking.
He finally succeeded in climbing that mountain.
He finally succeeded in getting a job.
He finally succeeded.
He finally surrendered to her.
He finally talked his father into buying a new car.
He finally took off his coat.
He finally went the way of all flesh.
He finally went through with his plan to go to Thailand.
He finally yielded to the request of his wife and bought a house.
He finds beauty in the unknown.
He finds fault in everyone he meets.
He finds fault with everything I do.
He finds fault with everything I say.
He finds fault with everything.
He finds faults with everything I do.
He finds fulfillment in creating life.
He finds her attractive.
He finds her inspiring.
He finds her terrifying.
He finds himself at a crossroads.
He finds himself in a difficult position.
He finds himself playing the kind of unkempt characters he jokingly calls "prairie scum."
He finds hope in the rising sun.
He finds innovation through failure.
He finds inspiration in everyday life.
He finds inspiration in nature.
He finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
He finds it easier to just pacify her than be straight up with her.
He finds it gross.
He finds it undignified to translate such simple phrases.
He finds it very hard to do without cigarettes for a day.
He finds joy in capturing moments on canvas.
He finds joy in creative thinking.
He finds joy in intellectual discovery.
He finds joy in our closeness.
He finds joy in splatter painting and the chaos it brings.
He finds peace in the quiet of night.
He finds pleasure in watching people.
He finds some satisfaction in making other people feel bad.
He finds strength in his religion.
He finds strength in silence.
He finds that sexy.
He finds that she does not care for them.
He finds these places off the beaten track, where no-one else goes, and finds raspberries there.
He finds this kind of opinion unpleasant.
He finds weddings irritating.
He finished a bottle of wine.
He finished all of the exams.
He finished breakfast.
He finished college last year.
He finished doing that by himself.
He finished doing the Berber exam.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
He finished fixing the airlock.
He finished high school.
He finished him!
He finished his Berber course.
He finished his Berber dictionary.
He finished his Berber language program in one year.
He finished his PhD in 2004.
He finished his beer.
He finished his book.
He finished his chores in no time.
He finished his coffee and paid the bill.
He finished his coffee.
He finished his couscous.
He finished his degree last year.
He finished his degree.
He finished his dessert.
He finished his dinner because he didn't like to waste food.
He finished his dinner because he didn’t like to waste food.
He finished his drink.
He finished his food hurriedly.
He finished his glass of milk.
He finished his homework quickly.
He finished his homework.
He finished his meal and then left.
He finished his meal first.
He finished his meal.
He finished his prayer.
He finished his report just before the deadline.
He finished his sandwich.
He finished his siesta.
He finished his studies abroad.
He finished his studies and moved to Algiers.
He finished his wine.
He finished his work and went home.
He finished his work without sleep or rest.
He finished his work.
He finished it as quick as lightning.
He finished it in no time at all.
He finished it in three days, but it took me as many weeks.
He finished it quick as a flash.
He finished last but one.
He finished last.
He finished learning Russian.
He finished looking for the pearl.
He finished lunch.
He finished memorizing the Quran.
He finished off a tankard of beer.
He finished packing his suitcase.
He finished praying.
He finished reading the Quran.
He finished reading the book and returned it to her.
He finished reading the book in a single day.
He finished reading the book.
He finished reading the letter.
He finished school in March.
He finished secondary school last year.
He finished setting the table.
He finished setting up the tent before dark.
He finished setting up the tent before it got dark.
He finished sorting the papers.
He finished sorting the trash.
He finished talking.
He finished that.
He finished the beer and ordered another.
He finished the book in one day.
He finished the book last night.
He finished the bottle of wine by himself.
He finished the bulk of his work before dinner.
He finished the course.
He finished the hike before sunset.
He finished the job at the expense of his health.
He finished the job in an instant.
He finished the job on schedule.
He finished the job.
He finished the opening.
He finished the project just in time.
He finished the race.
He finished the school year.
He finished the second exam.
He finished the steak, then ordered another portion.
He finished the work at the expense of his health.
He finished the work by himself.
He finished the work for himself.
He finished the work.
He finished this work by himself.
He finished this work for himself.
He finished unpacking.
He finished using this towel.
He finished.
He finishes eating in silence.
He finishes his homework before going to bed.
He finishes his homework before he goes to bed.
He fired Mary.
He fired a shot at her.
He fired a shot at random.
He fired all those people.
He fired at her with lead.
He fired at point blank range.
He fired blanks.
He fired but missed.
He fired everyone.
He fired first.
He fired his gun at her.
He fired his gun into the air three times.
He fired his gun.
He fired his secretary.
He fired me and offered a pretextual rationale for the firing.
He fired me.
He fired most of his men.
He fired once.
He fired one shot at her.
He fired repeatedly.
He fired the lasers.
He fired the nanny.
He fired three shots at her.
He fired three shots.
He fired twice.
He fired up the stove.
He fired us.
He firmly believes that he was abducted by a UFO and experimented on by aliens.
He firmly declined the offer.
He firmly refused the Premier's earnest request.
He firmly refused the Premier’s earnest request.
He first came to Algiers in the early 1940s.
He first worked in the village.
He fished in the drawer for the key.
He fishes in a mountain stream.
He fits the description in the newspaper.
He fitted his schedule to mine.
He fixed cars on the street.
He fixed everything.
He fixed her bicycle for her.
He fixed her car.
He fixed himself a cocktail.
He fixed himself a cup of herbal tea.
He fixed himself a cup of tea.
He fixed his bicycle with a wrench.
He fixed his car himself.
He fixed his eyes on her.
He fixed his eyes on me.
He fixed his eyes on the ceiling.
He fixed his eyes on the enemy.
He fixed his eyes on the roof.
He fixed it.
He fixed my car.
He fixed my mistakes.
He fixed my umbrella for me.
He fixed my umbrella.
He fixed the TV set.
He fixed the TV.
He fixed the air conditioner.
He fixed the alarm system.
He fixed the alarm.
He fixed the bicycle.
He fixed the bike.
He fixed the blame on his friends.
He fixed the bookshelf to the wall.
He fixed the broken door.
He fixed the broken table.
He fixed the broken toy with glue.
He fixed the broken toy with tape.
He fixed the bug.
He fixed the camera.
He fixed the car all by himself.
He fixed the car himself.
He fixed the car.
He fixed the chainsaw.
He fixed the computer.
He fixed the door.
He fixed the engine.
He fixed the failing generator.
He fixed the flashlight.
He fixed the flat tire by himself.
He fixed the fridge.
He fixed the generator.
He fixed the iPhone.
He fixed the laptop.
He fixed the lock.
He fixed the microphone.
He fixed the mike.
He fixed the mower.
He fixed the net.
He fixed the phone.
He fixed the problem in a jiffy.
He fixed the radio.
He fixed the refrigerator.
He fixed the sink.
He fixed the vibrator.
He fixed the video recorder.
He fixed the watch for me.
He fixed the water heater.
He fixed your decision.
He fixes locks.
He fixes problems.
He fixes the problem.
He fixes things.
He flailed his arms wildly.
He flapped the flies away.
He flashed a crazy smile.
He flashed a smile at her.
He flashed him a smile.
He flashed his headlights at her.
He flashed his headlights.
He flashed his high beams.
He flashed his lights at her.
He flashed his snow white teeth.
He flat out asked you, "Step up!".
He flat out asked you.
He flat out refused to speak to me.
He flat-out lied.
He flatly refused her requests for help.
He flatly refused to let me in.
He flatly rejected that idea.
He flatly turned down our request.
He flattened his land in order to build a house.
He flattened the dough.
He flattered her by calling her ‘Brahms’s understudy’.
He flattered himself that he was the best actor.
He flattered the young ladies.
He flatters himself he will win.
He flatters himself that he is second to none in finance.
He flatters himself that he is something of a poet.
He flatters himself that he is the best speaker of English.
He flatters others in order to advance in his career.
He flaunted a beautiful ring with a precious stone.
He flaunts his wealth too much.
He fled Algeria after defaulting on debts of more than four million dollars.
He fled Algeria because of the crisis.
He fled Algeria in 2004.
He fled Algeria that very night.
He fled Algeria without giving any warning to his family.
He fled Algeria.
He fled Australia.
He fled Bejaia and he even fled Algeria.
He fled France that very night.
He fled Germany that very night.
He fled Italy that very night.
He fled Japan that very night.
He fled Poland that very night.
He fled Portugal that very night.
He fled Spain that very night.
He fled Turkey that very night.
He fled from Italy altogether.
He fled his country.
He fled his home yesterday.
He fled his native country and was granted political asylum in Canada.
He fled justice.
He fled lest he should be arrested.
He fled misery.
He fled on foot.
He fled the United States that very night.
He fled the United States.
He fled the country.
He fled to Algeria as a refugee.
He fled to Algeria as a refugee. He was twenty-four.
He fled to Algeria in 2004.
He fled to Algeria.
He fled to Canada to dodge the draft.
He fled to Central America, and died there in 1876 of yellow fever.
He fled when he saw me.
He fled when he saw the police patrol.
He fled with his children.
He fled with the children.
He fled with the money.
He fled yesterday.
He fled.
He fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions.
He flew a kite with his son.
He flew a kite.
He flew across the ocean.
He flew all to way to Algiers to see me.
He flew an old airplane.
He flew back from Algiers.
He flew back to Algeria four days ago.
He flew back to Algeria.
He flew from Germany to the closest location to Algeria, Tunisia.
He flew from London to Paris.
He flew from one coast to the other.
He flew in the face of Jishuku.
He flew in the sky.
He flew into a rage and grabbed his friend by the collar.
He flew into a rage.
He flew numerous combat missions during World War II and during the Korean Conflict.
He flew out of Algiers.
He flew to Algeria.
He flew to Boston to spend a few weeks with her.
He flew to Chicago, where he happened to see a friend.
He flew to Iraq to see for himself what the war looks like.
He flew to London via Paris.
He flew to New York on business.
He flew to North Carolina.
He flew to Paris.
He flew.
He flexed his muscles.
He flicked me in the face.
He flicked the ball effortlessly into the net from close range.
He flicked the ball with his heel.
He flicked the ball with his wrist.
He flies in the sky.
He flies off the handle at the drop of a hat.
He flies with Air Algerie.
He flinched.
He flinches whenever he hears a loud, sudden noise.
He flipped his right leg up over his motorbike.
He flipped me off.
He flipped over with a kayak.
He flipped the book over to read the back cover.
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness.
He flipped through pages of his textbook.
He flipped through the book quickly.
He flipped through the pages of the book.
He flirted with her all evening.
He flirted with her.
He flirted with me.
He flirted with the teachers.
He flirts so forcefully that he ends up pushing women away.
He flirts with every woman he meets.
He flirts with other girls on Facebook.
He flosses every day.
He flosses his teeth every day.
He flouted his mother's advice.
He flouted his mother’s advice.
He fluctuated between hope and despair.
He fluffed the resit, too.
He flung a pen at the teacher.
He flung a stream of abuse at me.
He flung his cloak from him as he entered, threw himself upon a chair, and appeared sunk in a profound reverie.
He flunked his driving test three times.
He flunked out.
He flushed into rage.
He flushed the toilet.
He flushed when he spotted me in the shower without clothes.
He focused a lot on the Quran.
He focused diligently; however, his performance was remarkably poor.
He focused his attention on that car.
He focused his attention on that problem.
He focused his business on the metropolitan area.
He focused his eyes on the ceiling.
He focused his eyes on the roof.
He focused on achieving independence.
He focused on domestic life.
He focused on his career.
He focused on his studies.
He focused on his work.
He focused on the game.
He focused on the money.
He focused on the sermon.
He focuses more on fiction.
He focuses on achieving strategic goals.
He focuses on human rights issues.
He focuses on looking his best.
He focuses on meaningful work.
He focuses on organizational growth.
He foisted a bunch of hard work on me.
He folded his T-shirt carefully.
He folded his arms over his chest.
He folded his arms.
He folded his hands for praying.
He folded his paper, consulting his watch.
He folded his sheets.
He folded the newspaper.
He folded the paper before handing it to her.
He folded the paper in half before handing it to her.
He folded the papers and threw them onto the table.
He folded the plaid blanket.
He folded up his umbrella.
He folded when faced with a high raise.
He followed Skura home.
He followed after her.
He followed an impulse not to board the ship, and thus escaped the disaster.
He followed behind her.
He followed close behind her.
He followed closely behind her.
He followed hard after me.
He followed her from church.
He followed her into her office.
He followed her lead.
He followed her to Bejaia.
He followed her up to the fourth floor.
He followed her.
He followed hid dad's steps.
He followed him in silence.
He followed him to the village.
He followed him under duress.
He followed him.
He followed his instincts.
He followed his road and departed.
He followed his sister's example and demanded more money.
He followed his sister’s example and demanded more money.
He followed in her wake.
He followed in his father's footsteps.
He followed in his father’s footsteps.
He followed me along.
He followed me for about forty minutes.
He followed me from behind.
He followed me here.
He followed me home.
He followed me.
He followed my advice.
He followed the advice of the grown-ups.
He followed the bus on his bicycle.
He followed the cat to a corner.
He followed the directions to the festival.
He followed the doctor's advice, yet he failed to recover.
He followed the doctor's suggestions.
He followed the dog.
He followed the ghost.
He followed the instructions.
He followed the lead of our teacher.
He followed the leader.
He followed the new instrutions.
He followed the rules.
He followed the sound of her voice and her call.
He followed the stream to the nearest town.
He followed the tracks through the desert.
He followed the tracks.
He followed the trail from the cabin.
He followed them.
He followed those lights for a while.
He followed us.
He followed.
He follows all safety precautions.
He follows at a great distance.
He follows bad paths.
He follows her wherever she goes.
He follows him like a shadow.
He follows his instincts.
He follows me everywhere in the house.
He follows the evangelical tradition and reads the Bible regularly.
He follows the law to the letter.
He follows the letter of the law.
He follows the news.
He follows the rules to the letter.
He follows the same idea in everything that he prays for.
He follows the same routine.
He fooled her.
He fooled me.
He fooled the security guards.
He fooled them.
He fooled us all.
He fooled us.
He foolishly killed the goose.
He forbade Skura from ever seeing Yidir.
He forbore his anger.
He forbore to say that now the disgrace fell only upon his shoulders, that she was saved from it.
He forced a smile.
He forced a smile. He hardly had the energy left to keep up his jovial front.
He forced her to sit down.
He forced him into it.
He forced himself to do that.
He forced himself to smile.
He forced himself to speak.
He forced himself to stay alert.
He forced himself to stay focused.
He forced himself to take several long breaths.
He forced his kids to read the Bible.
He forced his way into the room.
He forced me to dig my father's grave and, on top of that, he stole the pick.
He forced me to dig my father's grave and, to add insult to injury, he stole the pick.
He forced me to go there.
He forced me to go.
He forced the guard to open the cell door.
He forced the lock.
He forced the natives to witness the execution of their relatives.
He forced the truck through the mud.
He forestalled everybody in accomplishing.
He forfeited his health.
He forgave Mina.
He forgave Skura.
He forgave her breaking her promise.
He forgave her mistakes.
He forgave her when she made a mistake.
He forgave her.
He forgave his sister.
He forgave me breaking my promise.
He forgave me.
He forgave us.
He forgave you.
He forged a signature in an attempt to put blame on the other person.
He forged her father's signature.
He forged her mother's signature.
He forged his boss's the signature.
He forged his father's signature.
He forged his mother's signature.
He forged the check.
He forged the steel into a sword.
He forgets more and more as he grows up.
He forgets to turn off the light.
He forgives her flaws.
He forgives her mistakes.
He forgives her when she forgets.
He forgives her when she's made a mistake.
He forgives her when she's wrong.
He forgives me.
He forgives you.
He forgot a section of the speech and had to improvise for a while.
He forgot about Joseph.
He forgot about his girlfriend.
He forgot about me, didn't he?
He forgot about the money.
He forgot all about her.
He forgot all about his own troubles.
He forgot all about the flowers.
He forgot all of his friends.
He forgot buying a present for her.
He forgot everything I said to him.
He forgot everything I told him.
He forgot everything.
He forgot having returned the keys.
He forgot he even had that medical kit.
He forgot he proposed to her.
He forgot her name.
He forgot himself.
He forgot his appointment.
He forgot his bicycle here.
He forgot his boxers.
He forgot his glasses.
He forgot his gloves.
He forgot his grocery list.
He forgot his key.
He forgot his keys.
He forgot his name.
He forgot his own birthday.
He forgot his own name.
He forgot his password.
He forgot his phone in the mosque.
He forgot his phone.
He forgot his promise to go there.
He forgot his sweater.
He forgot his trumpet at school.
He forgot his umbrella home and got caught in a dousing downpour.
He forgot his umbrella in his car.
He forgot his umbrella on the bus.
He forgot his umbrella.
He forgot his wedding anniversary.
He forgot his wife's birthday.
He forgot it again.
He forgot me.
He forgot my birthday.
He forgot part of his speech and had to ad-lib for a while.
He forgot returning the keys.
He forgot something in the tent and ran back to get it.
He forgot something on the ship.
He forgot something.
He forgot that he bought her a present.
He forgot that he had bought her a present.
He forgot the anniversary of their first date.
He forgot the knapsack at the station.
He forgot the password.
He forgot the umbrella in the bus.
He forgot to answer the final question on the test.
He forgot to archive the files.
He forgot to ask her what he'd planned to ask her.
He forgot to bring clothes.
He forgot to bring his homework, so he got detention.
He forgot to bring his lunch today.
He forgot to bring his swimsuit.
He forgot to butter the bun.
He forgot to butter the buns.
He forgot to buy a birthday present for her.
He forgot to buy a present for her.
He forgot to buy burger buns.
He forgot to buy her a present.
He forgot to call back.
He forgot to call her back.
He forgot to call him back.
He forgot to call his mother.
He forgot to charge the battery last night.
He forgot to come to see me yesterday.
He forgot to do his homework.
He forgot to feed his dog.
He forgot to feed the dog.
He forgot to file his taxes.
He forgot to fill his car up.
He forgot to fill up his car with petrol.
He forgot to give back my dictionary.
He forgot to give me back my dictionary.
He forgot to go shopping.
He forgot to go to the bank today.
He forgot to hug Mom.
He forgot to let the dog out.
He forgot to load the camera with film.
He forgot to lock his car.
He forgot to lock his house.
He forgot to lock the door.
He forgot to lock the gate.
He forgot to pay his phone bill.
He forgot to pay his rent.
He forgot to pay the bills.
He forgot to pay the lease.
He forgot to pay the rent.
He forgot to phone her back.
He forgot to renew his passport.
He forgot to renew his visa.
He forgot to return the keys.
He forgot to rewind the movie.
He forgot to ring her back.
He forgot to say goodbye to her.
He forgot to say he would be late, and to make matters worse, the traffic was bad.
He forgot to send her a birthday card.
He forgot to set his alarm clock.
He forgot to shower.
He forgot to sign his name.
He forgot to sign the papers.
He forgot to stir the porridge, so it became scorched.
He forgot to stop the inflow of water.
He forgot to take his umbrella with him.
He forgot to tell her what he'd planned to tell her.
He forgot to tell you.
He forgot to turn his mic off.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He forgot to turn off the microphone when he turned to say something to her.
He forgot to warn her.
He forgot to wash his hands.
He forgot to water the garden.
He forgot to water the plants.
He forgot to write her.
He forgot to write to her.
He forgot us.
He forgot what happened to him.
He forgot where he put his glasses.
He forgot.
He formed a ball from the clay.
He formed a band.
He formed the clay into a ball.
He formed the clay into a bowl.
He fosters innovation in the workplace.
He fought Nuja.
He fought Ziri.
He fought a last-ditch battle.
He fought a successful election campaign.
He fought against Islam.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He fought back his tears.
He fought back.
He fought bravely against the current and reached the woman who had nearly drowned.
He fought bravely in behalf of a cause.
He fought during school.
He fought every tough boy in that school.
He fought for freedom and he died for it.
He fought for justice.
He fought four boys in that high school.
He fought hard.
He fought her.
He fought in America's war against Mexico.
He fought in America’s war against Mexico.
He fought in Egypt.
He fought in the Revolutionary War, wrote powerful arguments to persuade the states to accept the Constitution, and helped create the country’s national banking and economic system.
He fought in the United States' war against Mexico.
He fought long and hard in this campaign, and he's fought even longer and harder for the country he loves.
He fought long and hard in this campaign, and he’s fought even longer and harder for the country he loves.
He fought the brothers.
He fought the bullies easily.
He fought the disease until the end.
He fought the twins.
He fought two boys.
He fought two guys.
He fought until the end.
He fought well.
He fought with his neighbors again.
He fought with the neighbors again.
He fought.
He fouled because he pushed over the other player.
He found Lucy seated alone by the ruin.
He found Mary.
He found Salas's phone in the mosque.
He found Skura's kite in the backyard.
He found Skura's wallet on the sidewalk.
He found Tom.
He found a bag full of cash on the desk.
He found a ball in the garden.
He found a bear den.
He found a bomb down there.
He found a broken camera.
He found a clue to solve the mysterious affair.
He found a copy of the Quran in the middle of his desk.
He found a dead body in the cave.
He found a diamond in the river.
He found a dirt road.
He found a dog abandoned in the wood.
He found a dog abandoned in the woods.
He found a dog for us.
He found a donor.
He found a faithful friend.
He found a good companion in his dog.
He found a good job for her.
He found a good job for me.
He found a good job near his house.
He found a good place for me.
He found a good place to hide the money.
He found a good room with board near his college campus.
He found a hair in his soup.
He found a hole in his tailpipe.
He found a job for her.
He found a job in Algeria.
He found a job that he can do.
He found a job that he likes.
He found a job with a food company.
He found a job.
He found a kite in the backyard.
He found a large duffel bag lying on the ground.
He found a map in the abandoned mine.
He found a marvellous place for Mary to stay.
He found a meteorite.
He found a mosque in the area.
He found a mysterious envelope with a ton of cash inside.
He found a necklace in Mom's dresser.
He found a need and he filled it.
He found a new place.
He found a nice apartment for Mary.
He found a nice hotel.
He found a pen.
He found a phone in the mosque.
He found a picture of Salas and Skura.
He found a place for that abandoned dog.
He found a place to sleep.
He found a position as junior lawyer in Glogau in 1796, then in 1798 in Berlin and in 1800 he became assessor in the province of Posen.
He found a pound on the underground.
He found a public telephone and called a taxi.
He found a publisher for that book.
He found a really old book in the attic.
He found a restaurant that had good food and cheap prices.
He found a room and decided to stay there.
He found a seat.
He found a set of footprints in the snow.
He found a solution for it.
He found a surprise in his locker.
He found a t-shirt with a funny slogan.
He found a wallet lying on the sidewalk.
He found a wallet on the sidewalk.
He found a way to escape from Germany to America.
He found a way to escape from Spain.
He found a way to make more money.
He found a well-paid job.
He found all his efforts of no avail.
He found an envelope full of cash.
He found an old book in the loft from his school days.
He found an old diskette.
He found an old safe in his garage.
He found an old, broken chair and sat down at the piano.
He found an open window and climbed into the kitchen. Then he went downstairs to the basement.
He found an unexpected way to deal with the problem.
He found books and diaries in the basement.
He found difficulty in making ends meet on his small salary.
He found everything he needed.
He found few Tagalog books amongst the mostly English books at the Filipino bookstore.
He found five mistakes in as many lines.
He found five mistakes in five lines.
He found five mistakes in five sentences.
He found footprints.
He found friendship and hope in Islam.
He found her a weak spot.
He found her after five hours.
He found her attractive.
He found her body in the pool.
He found her car next to her home.
He found her company pleasant.
He found her constant criticism of him difficult to bear.
He found her crying in her room.
He found her diary in the trash.
He found her diary.
He found her fascinating.
He found her in her bedroom.
He found her irresistible.
He found her laughter irresistible.
He found her making some cheese of the milk she had drawn from her ewes and he told her the good news.
He found her near the place.
He found her phone and kept it.
He found her phone.
He found her right where he'd left her.
He found her singing so he kissed her.
He found her there.
He found her where he expected her to be.
He found himself a girlfriend.
He found himself a seat near the door.
He found himself a seat.
He found himself alone again.
He found himself drawn to her.
He found himself gravitating towards that Muslim girl.
He found himself in Algiers.
He found himself in a difficult situation.
He found himself in a pickle.
He found himself in a state of jeopardy that he couldn't get out of.
He found himself in a terrible fix.
He found himself in a tight spot.
He found himself in desperate financial trouble a few years ago.
He found himself in the middle of people.
He found himself lying on a bench in the park.
He found himself pursued by recruiters.
He found himself sought after by headhunters.
He found himself surrounded by a huge number of admirers.
He found himself the center of attention.
He found his brother, dead for two weeks, when he went to stop by and see how he was doing.
He found his death somewhere in the Caucasus.
He found his end.
He found his father lying in the kitchen.
He found his fathers.
He found his glasses.
He found his hat and put it on.
He found his inspiration in the simplest things.
He found his key and opened the door.
He found his key under the sofa.
He found his keys.
He found his lost camera by chance.
He found his master.
He found his missing brother at last.
He found his mothers.
He found his new job interesting.
He found his office without difficulty.
He found his parents.
He found his phone behind the couch.
He found his phone.
He found his shoes.
He found his soul mate.
He found his stolen bicycle.
He found his true vocation.
He found his wallet.
He found his watch.
He found his wife dead in the bathtub.
He found in the world without as actual what was in his world within as possible.
He found it difficult to get along with her.
He found it difficult to get started.
He found it difficult to handle the tension between them.
He found it difficult to live on his student grant.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in French.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in German.
He found it difficult to mix with those Muslims.
He found it difficult to please her.
He found it difficult to please his father.
He found it difficult to solve the problem.
He found it difficult to swim to the island.
He found it difficult to understand her.
He found it hard to hide the truth from her.
He found it hard to make friends.
He found it hard to put his ideas across to his students.
He found it impossible to go there on foot.
He found it impossible to lift the lid.
He found it impossible to persuade her.
He found it impossible to work any longer.
He found it in his closet.
He found it there.
He found it unmanly.
He found it very difficult to adjust himself to life in the new school.
He found it very hard to keep the conversation going.
He found it, didn't he?
He found it.
He found joy in exploration.
He found me a good job.
He found me a good place.
He found me a good seat.
He found me a nice tie.
He found me a taxi.
He found me awake.
He found money in the street.
He found my bicycle.
He found my bike.
He found my lost bike.
He found no difficulty in solving the problem.
He found nothing on the other side.
He found nothing.
He found one.
He found out about Islam when he was in college.
He found out about Skura's affair.
He found out about his wife cheating through social media.
He found out about it on his own.
He found out about that horrible game.
He found out later that the woman he met in the park was her.
He found out she was Algerian.
He found out she was Muslim and he was very upset.
He found out she was Muslim.
He found out that she was Muslim.
He found out the answers for himself.
He found out the secret.
He found out the truth from her.
He found out this information online.
He found out why.
He found peace in Islam.
He found peace.
He found piles of gold in the secret chamber.
He found refuge in Algeria.
He found refuge in Islam.
He found several T-shirts he liked.
He found solace in retreating to his favorite reading nook.
He found some wildflowers in the woods.
He found someone else to interview for his school project.
He found something stuck inside the ice.
He found that all his efforts amounted to nothing.
He found that he actually liked working for her.
He found that he had lost what wasn't worth keeping.
He found that in her diary.
He found that picture in a magazine.
He found that teaching was his calling.
He found that the things he had studied in school were not useful in the business world.
He found that.
He found the Smurf village.
He found the answers online.
He found the book for me right away.
He found the book he had been looking for for so long.
He found the book he was looking for.
He found the book.
He found the box under the table.
He found the bug.
He found the cage empty and the bird escaped.
He found the cage empty.
He found the children in the forest.
He found the city in ruins.
He found the courage to follow his heart.
He found the dog a good home.
He found the dog.
He found the door closed.
He found the door locked.
He found the door open, and in the front room, which is bare of furniture, discovered the body of a gentleman, well dressed, and having cards in his pocket bearing the name of 'Enoch J. Drebber, Cleveland, Ohio, U.S.A.'
He found the drawings in the wardrobe.
He found the emotional part of living through cancer and its treatments to be difficult. But he said that most of his photos are about hope.
He found the evidence that bees can communicate with each other.
He found the exit.
He found the experience enjoyable.
He found the generator.
He found the ghost.
He found the house door closed.
He found the house door wide open.
He found the house in disarray.
He found the key under the mat.
He found the keys inside the house.
He found the lost children.
He found the magazines under the sofa.
He found the missing coins under the sofa.
He found the missing sack.
He found the motivation to learn Berber on his own.
He found the movie very dull.
He found the necklace in the locker.
He found the office without any difficulty.
He found the other snowshoe.
He found the party was rather slow.
He found the poem and dropped the booze.
He found the remains of another dinosaur.
He found the right shoe for his foot.
He found the ring he lost while traveling.
He found the safe in the basement.
He found the school without difficulty.
He found the shoes he was looking for.
He found the shoes too small for him.
He found the silence oppressive.
He found the solution.
He found the speeches tedious enough, and thought Sir John a dreadful windbag.
He found the test.
He found the thief.
He found the town on the map.
He found the treasure.
He found the watch he'd lost.
He found the water boiling.
He found the way home.
He found them awake.
He found them in the pigeon's heads, behind the eyes.
He found them in the pigeon’s heads, behind the eyes.
He found them on his own head.
He found them tanning in the sunroom, their unclothed bodies evenly browned from invisible light.
He found these glasses on the nightstand.
He found this Kabyle dress in the trash.
He found this at the mall.
He found this bicycle in a junkyard.
He found this book in the market.
He found this book on the nightstand.
He found this camera in the closet.
He found this condom on the nightstand.
He found this dildo on the nightstand.
He found this glass on the nightstand.
He found this iPhone on the nightstand.
He found this in the Quran.
He found this laptop on the nightstand.
He found this light bulb on the nightstand.
He found this magazine on the nightstand.
He found this newspaper on the nightstand.
He found this phone on the nightstand.
He found this ring on the nightstand.
He found this syringe on the nightstand.
He found this wallet on the nightstand.
He found us awake.
He found us.
He found what he described as "air unadulterated with human additives, stars undimmed by city lights, the uninterrupted sounds of nature, and fields of flowers unblemished by footprints."
He found what he wanted.
He found what he was looking for.
He found where she was.
He found work at the mill.
He found you awake.
He found your keys. He stumbled upon them by chance.
He founded a small association in the Czech Republic.
He founded a start-up.
He founded the company.
He founded the famous breed of Mantuan horses, and gave them about free-handedly to other sovereigns of his acquaintance.
He founded the firm.
He founded the school five years ago.
He founded the school.
He founded this school.
He fractured his wrist.
He framed the photograph and hung it up over the bed.
He framed the picture he had bought on the street.
He framed the picture he'd bought in the street.
He frankly expressed his own view.
He frankly pointed out my faults.
He freaked out.
He freaks me out.
He freed us all.
He freely praised her.
He freezed out the room with his icy stare.
He freezed the room over with his cold-as-ice look.
He frequently belittles her with his words.
He frequently does that by himself.
He frequently eats fish for dinner.
He frequently embellishes the truth.
He frequently forgets to take his prescribed medications.
He frequently goes out drinking.
He frequently jumps from one topic to another while he is talking.
He frequently made long trips.
He frequently mentions the “fourth industrial revolution,” which refers to how automation and other technologies are reshaping the way humans manufacture products and interact with each other.
He frequently neglects his work.
He frequently opts for black clothing.
He frequently speaks with her.
He frequently talks in his sleep.
He frequently thought of her.
He frequently watches television.
He frequents the company of wicked women.
He fried an egg.
He fried himself some eggs.
He fried some eggs.
He fried the eggs in oil.
He fries the eggs in oil.
He frightened her.
He frightened me into remaining silent.
He frightened me.
He frightened the deer.
He frightened them.
He frightens me.
He frosted the cake with a smooth layer of cream.
He frotted against the mattress.
He frowned and turned away.
He frowned at her.
He frowned at me.
He frowned in puzzlement.
He frowned to himself.
He frowned.
He frowns on his wife's wasting money.
He frowns on his wife’s wasting money.
He froze in his tracks.
He froze in place.
He froze in the winter cold.
He froze instantly.
He froze the buns for later.
He froze the medlars.
He froze to death somewhere in the mountains.
He froze to death.
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.
He froze, unable to answer.
He froze, unsure of what to do.
He froze.
He frustrates me to no end.
He fucked her up.
He fucked my girlfriend.
He fucked up.
He fucked with me.
He fulfilled his duties as a statesman.
He fulfilled his obligation.
He fulfilled his promise.
He fulfilled his wish.
He fulfilled the functions of a statesman.
He fully realizes that he was the cause of the accident.
He fully understood the sentence, but couldn't translate it.
He fumbled in his room in the search for the lost key.
He fumbled the job so badly that the situation had to be fixed by a professional.
He fumbled with the keys before finding the right one.
He furnished food to the hungry.
He furnished the hungry with food.
He gained a bunch of new followers on Instagram.
He gained a little weight.
He gained a ton of followers on TikTok.
He gained confidence.
He gained her affections.
He gained millions of followers on TikTok.
He gained nothing by telling me that.
He gained power.
He gained renown through the novel.
He gained the power to summon ghost trains.
He gained the prize by dint of hard work.
He gained weight since the last time I saw him.
He gained weight.
He gains many friends through his honesty.
He gambled and broke even.
He gambled away a fortune in one night.
He gambled away everything he had.
He gambled away his life savings.
He gambled on the war coming to an early end.
He gargled.
He gasped for air.
He gasped.
He gathered all his clothes, fearing they might get moldy.
He gathered as many men as possible on the deck.
He gathered critical information.
He gathered her in his arms, whispering words of courage and love into her ears.
He gathered his books together.
He gathered his children around him.
He gathered his children at home.
He gathered his composure.
He gathered his kids around him.
He gathered his stuff and left.
He gathered his toys together.
He gathered men fresh from college and new to the business.
He gathered some wood to build a fire.
He gathered the courage to decline the offer.
He gathered the crops from his land.
He gathered the last three matchsticks left on the floor.
He gathered the seeds in a small bag.
He gathered them when they quarreled.
He gathered up his things and left.
He gathers data for analysis.
He gave $300 to each of his sons.
He gave Gianna everything.
He gave Inspector Gadget a hand.
He gave Mina attention.
He gave Samuel one last warning.
He gave Skura her wallet back.
He gave Tom an important position.
He gave Yidir lessons in Berber.
He gave a Christmas present to her.
He gave a French-English dictionary to her.
He gave a bald statement of the facts.
He gave a ball.
He gave a big yawn!
He gave a blow with the flat of his hand.
He gave a bone to his dog.
He gave a bouquet of flowers to her.
He gave a brief talk.
He gave a copy of the Quran.
He gave a cup of coffee to her.
He gave a deafening cry.
He gave a deep sigh of relief.
He gave a deep sigh.
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
He gave a diamond bracelet to her.
He gave a drum set to his son.
He gave a fiery speech.
He gave a firm refusal.
He gave a flat refusal to his mother's request.
He gave a flat refusal to his mother’s request.
He gave a flat refusal.
He gave a good impression to my parents.
He gave a good piece of advice.
He gave a good shine to my shoes.
He gave a lecture on ancient civilizations.
He gave a lecture on human rights.
He gave a lot of money to her.
He gave a lot to me.
He gave a loud cry for help.
He gave a loud cry with pain.
He gave a minute description of the dinner party.
He gave a momentary glance to the passers by.
He gave a music box to her.
He gave a nice present to me.
He gave a pair of diamond earrings to her.
He gave a party on a large scale.
He gave a positive answer to my question.
He gave a powerful testimony.
He gave a presentation about Islam.
He gave a presentation of his project in Berber.
He gave a rap on the door.
He gave a roll of film to Skura.
He gave a rude response.
He gave a series of lectures on Japanese literature at UCLA.
He gave a short account of the accident.
He gave a short answer.
He gave a short speech, completely off the cuff, and won the hearts of his listeners.
He gave a short talk.
He gave a sigh of relief.
He gave a sigh.
He gave a smile that grew wider and wider.
He gave a speech about Alzheimer's disease.
He gave a speech.
He gave a straight answer.
He gave a talk about Islam.
He gave a talk at the mosque.
He gave a tip as a sign of gratitude.
He gave a vague answer.
He gave all he could.
He gave all his Berber books away.
He gave all his money to her.
He gave all the money he had to her.
He gave an account of his trip.
He gave an account of how he had escaped.
He gave an accurate report.
He gave an address to the nation on TV.
He gave an angry shake of his head.
He gave an exact report of the accident.
He gave an example.
He gave an excuse about why he had been absent.
He gave an expeditious answer to an inquiry.
He gave an expensive gift to her.
He gave an expensive watch to her.
He gave an explanation about why he had been absent.
He gave an explanation of the machine.
He gave an interesting broadcast about modern art.
He gave at the hotel a false name.
He gave away about one-tenth of his income to the poor.
He gave away all his money to charity.
He gave away all his money.
He gave away all his old furniture.
He gave away all of his belongings.
He gave away everything he owned.
He gave away his camera to his friend.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter, and expected nothing in return.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend’s daughter, and expected nothing in return.
He gave away his kidney.
He gave away his real intention.
He gave away his whole fortune.
He gave away the shop to make a sixpence.
He gave away toys.
He gave back all the money he had borrowed.
He gave back the dictionary.
He gave back them to me.
He gave birth to a brilliant idea.
He gave blood in order to save his brother.
He gave blood in order to save his sibling.
He gave blood in order to save his sister.
He gave blood.
He gave body and soul to his job.
He gave classes to new Muslims.
He gave correct answers to the questions.
He gave dawah classes.
He gave dawah to Christians.
He gave dawah.
He gave each of his kids a hug.
He gave each of his sons $300.
He gave each of them a pencil.
He gave each one of them a pencil.
He gave each person a pencil.
He gave everything he had.
He gave everything he owned away.
He gave expression to his ideas through his work.
He gave extravagant tips.
He gave feedback on the presentation.
He gave flowers to his girlfriend for the second time.
He gave food to many.
He gave half his money to charity.
He gave her CPR and saved her life.
He gave her CPR.
He gave her a DVD about Islam.
He gave her a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
He gave her a bad impression about Skura.
He gave her a bad impression.
He gave her a bar of chocolate.
He gave her a big kiss.
He gave her a big smooch.
He gave her a big-ass balloon.
He gave her a birthday present.
He gave her a book.
He gave her a box of chocolates.
He gave her a box.
He gave her a bracelet for her birthday.
He gave her a brief hug.
He gave her a brief kiss.
He gave her a charming grin.
He gave her a charming wink.
He gave her a considerable sum of money.
He gave her a copy of the Quran.
He gave her a daisy and kissed her sweetly on the cheek.
He gave her a diamond bracelet.
He gave her a diamond ring.
He gave her a dirty look.
He gave her a dressing-down.
He gave her a drug to make her relax.
He gave her a fake name.
He gave her a flower.
He gave her a fond look.
He gave her a foot massage.
He gave her a gift that would remind her of the happy days they experienced together.
He gave her a haircut.
He gave her a heart attack.
He gave her a horse.
He gave her a hug and kissed her.
He gave her a hyacinth.
He gave her a kiss on the hand.
He gave her a kiss.
He gave her a knowing look.
He gave her a lift back to her place.
He gave her a long, passionate kiss.
He gave her a nice present.
He gave her a nickname.
He gave her a peck on the cheek.
He gave her a piece of advice.
He gave her a piece of clothing.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He gave her a quick kiss.
He gave her a ride to Kabylie.
He gave her a rundown of what had happened.
He gave her a smile that said everything.
He gave her a string of pearls worth $350,000.
He gave her a substantial sum.
He gave her a sweet kiss on the cheek.
He gave her a taste of her own medicine.
He gave her a toy.
He gave her a warning against driving too fast.
He gave her a wink as he walked by.
He gave her a wonderful foot massage.
He gave her an approving nod.
He gave her an engagement ring last night.
He gave her an innocent kiss on the forehead.
He gave her an unexpected gift.
He gave her everything.
He gave her flowers.
He gave her her bag.
He gave her her first kiss.
He gave her her job back.
He gave her his credit card.
He gave her his hand as she alighted from the coach, and led her into the hall where the company were assembled.
He gave her his word.
He gave her information about Islam.
He gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
He gave her my gift.
He gave her no explanation.
He gave her roundworms.
He gave her some apples.
He gave her something to drink.
He gave her swimming lessons.
He gave her that irresistible grin.
He gave her the OK to clean the room.
He gave her the address.
He gave her the shahada in a mosque.
He gave her what little money he had.
He gave him a Quran.
He gave him a big hug.
He gave him a book.
He gave him a delay to repay him his debt.
He gave him a delay to repay him what he loaned him.
He gave him a doll.
He gave him a dressing-down.
He gave him a haircut.
He gave him a horse.
He gave him a lump of silver as big as his head.
He gave him a pat on the shoulder.
He gave him a slap on the head.
He gave him a slap on the wrist for forgetting to wash the dishes.
He gave him a smile.
He gave him a wad of money.
He gave him access to the building.
He gave him his word.
He gave him some money as a gift.
He gave him something to drink.
He gave him the book.
He gave himself up to her allure.
He gave himself up.
He gave his all.
He gave his biceps a flex to impress the ladies.
He gave his blood to help his sister.
He gave his camera to his friend.
He gave his cat some milk.
He gave his cat to her.
He gave his children a good education.
He gave his coat a brush.
He gave his cold to me.
He gave his daughter quite a lot of money.
He gave his dog a bath.
He gave his dog a bone.
He gave his dog a hug.
He gave his dog a piece of leftover pizza.
He gave his dog a piece of meat.
He gave his dog something to eat.
He gave his dog to her.
He gave his dogs to her.
He gave his flashlight to her.
He gave his friend a welcoming hug.
He gave his girlfriend a Kabyle dress.
He gave his girlfriend a gift.
He gave his heart to her.
He gave his help to many.
He gave his horse some oats.
He gave his life because he betrayed the organisation.
He gave his life for his country.
He gave his life for the nation.
He gave his money to me.
He gave his old camera to her.
He gave his old car to me.
He gave his place to an old man.
He gave his reasons in brief.
He gave his remembering of race horse names when he was a child as the source of his language ability.
He gave his seat to an old man.
He gave his seat to the old man.
He gave his seat to the old woman.
He gave his seat up to an elderly lady.
He gave his shahada in front of everyone.
He gave his son a drum set.
He gave his stomach a pat.
He gave his sudden, goblin like grin.
He gave his sunglasses to her.
He gave his teachers a hard time.
He gave his wife a gorgeous necklace.
He gave his word to come, but he didn't appear.
He gave in his project late.
He gave in to my views.
He gave in to the temptation.
He gave in up to all kinds of pleasures.
He gave in.
He gave instructions to the trainees, but they couldn't make heads or tails of them.
He gave instructions to the trainees, but they couldn’t make heads or tails of them.
He gave it a new name.
He gave it a try.
He gave it everything he had.
He gave it more value than it deserves.
He gave it to me before he died.
He gave it to me for free.
He gave it to me for nothing.
He gave it to me willingly.
He gave it to me.
He gave it to us.
He gave it to you.
He gave it up finally; how could any Earthman rationalize the outlandish compulsions that actuated so alien a race?
He gave it value.
He gave me $300.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
He gave me 12 cloves of garlic.
He gave me a Christmas present.
He gave me a Muslim name.
He gave me a Quran.
He gave me a Yusuf Ali translation of the Quran.
He gave me a bad cold.
He gave me a big hug.
He gave me a big smile.
He gave me a black eye.
He gave me a blank stare.
He gave me a blow job under hypnosis.
He gave me a blue tie.
He gave me a blueprint.
He gave me a book about Islam.
He gave me a book for my birthday.
He gave me a book instead of a knive.
He gave me a book.
He gave me a brief outline of the plan.
He gave me a bunch of flowers.
He gave me a call.
He gave me a cold.
He gave me a curt answer.
He gave me a dirty look.
He gave me a doll.
He gave me a few books.
He gave me a fierce look.
He gave me a firm hand grasp.
He gave me a flat answer.
He gave me a friendly pat on the back.
He gave me a generous gift.
He gave me a gift for Christmas.
He gave me a gift.
He gave me a golden luxury watch.
He gave me a good piece of advice.
He gave me a good suggestion.
He gave me a great price.
He gave me a half dozen linen handkerchiefs.
He gave me a half-smile.
He gave me a handwritten note from her.
He gave me a hard time.
He gave me a hint.
He gave me a hug.
He gave me a jar of jam.
He gave me a job.
He gave me a joke book for my birthday.
He gave me a key.
He gave me a kiss in response.
He gave me a kiss on the mouth.
He gave me a kiss.
He gave me a lecture on drinking.
He gave me a letter in his last moments of life.
He gave me a lift in his cart.
He gave me a nasty punch to the face.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
He gave me a nice present.
He gave me a passionate kiss.
He gave me a passport and told me to leave the country.
He gave me a pen that was almost out of ink.
He gave me a pen whose ink was almost all used up.
He gave me a pen.
He gave me a pencil.
He gave me a penetrating gaze.
He gave me a piece of advice.
He gave me a piece of friendly advice.
He gave me a postcard.
He gave me a present.
He gave me a promise to come back soon.
He gave me a promise to come here at five.
He gave me a push and got ahead of me.
He gave me a questioning look.
He gave me a quizzical look.
He gave me a record.
He gave me a ride home.
He gave me a ride to the Narita airport.
He gave me a ring at midnight.
He gave me a select brand of canned goods.
He gave me a serious look.
He gave me a sign to keep quiet.
He gave me a sinister look.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He gave me a stern look.
He gave me a suspicious look.
He gave me a ten thousand yen rebate.
He gave me a thrashing.
He gave me a tour of his house.
He gave me a toy box.
He gave me a vague answer.
He gave me a valuable piece of advice.
He gave me a very nice birthday present.
He gave me a warm, welcoming hug.
He gave me a watch.
He gave me a wink.
He gave me all his money.
He gave me all the money at his command.
He gave me all the money he had on him.
He gave me all the money he had.
He gave me all the money he was carrying with him.
He gave me an A for Islamic history.
He gave me an account of the machine.
He gave me an affirmative answer.
He gave me an album as a birthday present.
He gave me an apple.
He gave me an earful, telling me that you don't sing in other people's houses.
He gave me an example.
He gave me an explanation for his mistake.
He gave me an idea for a birthday gift.
He gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
He gave me an outline of the affair.
He gave me authority to fire them.
He gave me back talk.
He gave me back the change.
He gave me back the money.
He gave me back the whole amount.
He gave me bread and milk.
He gave me chapter and verse on how bears pass the winter.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
He gave me coffee even though I had asked for tea.
He gave me everything but took nothing in return.
He gave me everything he had.
He gave me five euros.
He gave me food and money as well.
He gave me food and money.
He gave me food for thought.
He gave me friendly advice.
He gave me her address.
He gave me her phone number.
He gave me his address.
He gave me his book.
He gave me his card.
He gave me his favorite book as a farewell gift and moved to Osaka.
He gave me his full name.
He gave me his key.
He gave me his number.
He gave me his office telephone number and address.
He gave me his old car.
He gave me his old one.
He gave me his opinion, but I didn't give him mine.
He gave me his phone number.
He gave me his stamp of approval.
He gave me his word.
He gave me hope.
He gave me it.
He gave me money and advice.
He gave me money as well as advice.
He gave me money, but I gave it back to him immediately.
He gave me money.
He gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
He gave me new ideas.
He gave me no less than 10000 yen.
He gave me no less than five thousand yen.
He gave me no less than ten dollars.
He gave me not just advice, but money as well.
He gave me not less than five thousand yen.
He gave me not only advice but also money.
He gave me one last chance.
He gave me one valuable piece of advice.
He gave me precise instructions to do the job.
He gave me quite a start.
He gave me several books.
He gave me some books.
He gave me some bread, also some milk.
He gave me some excuse for not attending the party.
He gave me some good advice about entering that college.
He gave me some good advice.
He gave me some information about Islam.
He gave me some money.
He gave me some stamps.
He gave me such a strong shove that I almost fell to the ground.
He gave me tea without sugar.
He gave me that.
He gave me the address.
He gave me the idea for my birthday present.
He gave me the key to his apartment.
He gave me the money he owed me.
He gave me the most wonderful present.
He gave me the salt.
He gave me the silent treatment.
He gave me the sop.
He gave me this CD for my birthday.
He gave me this book.
He gave me this doll in token of his gratitude.
He gave me this in return.
He gave me this.
He gave me water to drink.
He gave me what I needed.
He gave me what little money he had about him.
He gave me what little money he had.
He gave me what money he had with him.
He gave me what money he had.
He gave me whatever help I needed.
He gave me your phone number.
He gave money to each of his sons.
He gave money to her son.
He gave money to many.
He gave mostly one- and two-word answers, appeared to sulk and walked off the podium after only about three minutes.
He gave my hand a firm clasp.
He gave my shoulder a reassuring squeeze.
He gave no answer whatsoever.
He gave no explanation why he had been absent.
He gave no further detail.
He gave no reason for his decision.
He gave not a word in reply.
He gave off an intoxicating scent.
He gave off the impression of being cold but was actually incredibly passionate in bed.
He gave one of the puppies to her.
He gave orders.
He gave out that he would come over at once and investigate the matter.
He gave rise to hope.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
He gave some beautiful roses to her.
He gave some flowers to her.
He gave some meat to the dog.
He gave some milk to the cat.
He gave some money to her son.
He gave some money to her.
He gave some oats to his horse.
He gave something to the boy.
He gave the barking dog a vicious kick.
He gave the beggar some cash.
He gave the bike to a child he didn't even know.
He gave the boy what little money he had.
He gave the cat milk.
He gave the child a toy.
He gave the child free rein to manage.
He gave the children the dessert in the kitchen.
He gave the dictionary back to her.
He gave the dictionary back.
He gave the dog a bone.
He gave the dog a piece of meat.
He gave the dog to the boy.
He gave the donuts away.
He gave the envelope to her.
He gave the eulogy.
He gave the film a rating of 7 out of 10.
He gave the flashlight to her.
He gave the go-ahead.
He gave the homeless man some food.
He gave the homeless man some money.
He gave the impression of having much money.
He gave the kids a ride.
He gave the little girl candy.
He gave the manila envelope to her.
He gave the material a cursory reading.
He gave the money back to her.
He gave the patient the wrong blood type.
He gave the picture to her.
He gave the police a false name and address.
He gave the police his statement as to what happened.
He gave the poor woman some bread and a five dollar bill besides.
He gave the same answer as before.
He gave the sheet of paper to her.
He gave the stone a fling.
He gave the teacher some trouble.
He gave the thing to the king.
He gave the tooth a closer look.
He gave them a general idea of what he wanted.
He gave them a lift to the town.
He gave them back to you.
He gave them food and money.
He gave them some of your money.
He gave them the benefit of her insight.
He gave them the benefit of his insight.
He gave them the finger.
He gave them to me.
He gave them to you.
He gave them up for adoption.
He gave this pet the name Erdogan.
He gave this to me before he died.
He gave those extra blankets away.
He gave those musicians some money.
He gave three wrong answers.
He gave to dog the meat he bought.
He gave two arguments in his speech.
He gave two gifts to each of my siblings.
He gave unsparingly of his energy in order to help his community.
He gave up all his possessions.
He gave up all his rights.
He gave up cigarettes.
He gave up drinking for the sake of his health.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father's sudden death.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father’s sudden death.
He gave up going abroad.
He gave up his Algerian passport to become a citizen of that country.
He gave up his attempt once and for all.
He gave up his attempt once for all.
He gave up his bad habits.
He gave up his career for his family.
He gave up his dream of becoming a pilot.
He gave up his dream.
He gave up his laziness and embraced work with excitement.
He gave up his life for his country.
He gave up his old career to become a full-time chess player.
He gave up his seat to an elderly lady.
He gave up hope.
He gave up hoping.
He gave up learning Berber.
He gave up learning French.
He gave up on Christianity.
He gave up on calling her.
He gave up on life.
He gave up running for class president.
He gave up running for mayor after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
He gave up smoking two years ago.
He gave up smoking.
He gave up studying Berber.
He gave up taking part in the marathon on account of his cold.
He gave up the attempt in despair.
He gave up the idea of going to America to study.
He gave up the plan for economic reasons.
He gave up the plan for financial reasons.
He gave up traveling abroad because of his sudden illness.
He gave up trying to help her.
He gave up trying, when he might have succeeded.
He gave up under the severe training he faced.
He gave up.
He gave us a book about Islam.
He gave us a broad smile.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
He gave us a detailed account of the accident.
He gave us a false story.
He gave us a glimpse of his incredible talent during the performance.
He gave us a little pep talk.
He gave us a pep talk.
He gave us a sermon about Islam.
He gave us an essay to write during the vacation.
He gave us an explanation about the new billing system.
He gave us bread.
He gave us clothes, and money as well.
He gave us everything he had.
He gave us his impression of the poem.
He gave us not only clothes but some money.
He gave us quite a lot of trouble.
He gave us some very valuable information.
He gave us such a long assignment that we protested.
He gave us that.
He gave us the news that his son was engaged.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He gave vent to his disappointment.
He gave vent to his feelings.
He gave way to the old lady and let her pass.
He gave way to the temptation again.
He gave witness to the truth of my statement.
He gave you the wrong directions.
He gawked at the bodyguards.
He gazed at her.
He gazed at me quizzically.
He gazed at me with his black eyes.
He gazed at me.
He gazed at the Kabyle dress in admiration.
He gazed at the ceiling for a long time.
He gazed down at her and smiled.
He gazed into her eyes.
He gazed longingly at the stars twinkling above.
He gazed on the animal, terrible even in death, with a species of mute and confused astonishment.
He gazed steadfastly at the water in the pond.
He gazed upon his rescuer.
He generally defers to his wife.
He generally goes home at five o'clock.
He gently held the baby in his beautiful tanned strong arms.
He gently hugged her.
He gently laid a hand on her shoulder.
He gently lifted her hand and kissed it.
He gently nudged her.
He gently pressed a few buttons.
He gently spread my legs.
He gently took her hand.
He gently took the paper out of her hands and said, "It's time to rest."
He gently took the paper out of her hands and said, "It’s time to rest."
He genuinely wanted to buy a bar in Kabylie, Algeria.
He gestured triumphantly.
He gestures when he speaks.
He gets A's and B's.
He gets a good salary.
He gets a haircut once a month.
He gets a haircut three times a month.
He gets a high salary.
He gets a kick out of reckless driving.
He gets a little bold after he's had a few drinks.
He gets a little bold after he’s had a few drinks.
He gets a lot out of everything he does.
He gets a reasonable salary as a bank clerk.
He gets about.
He gets ahead of everybody in his work.
He gets all the breaks.
He gets along all right.
He gets along badly with his boss.
He gets along fine with her.
He gets along very well with her.
He gets along very well with his friends.
He gets along well with everybody.
He gets along well with everyone.
He gets along well with her.
He gets along well with his classmates.
He gets along well with the people in his neighborhood.
He gets along with Mary.
He gets along with everyone in his class.
He gets along with her.
He gets along with his in-laws.
He gets along with me.
He gets angry all the time.
He gets angry at the drop of a hat.
He gets angry at the slightest provocation.
He gets angry at the slightest thing.
He gets angry easily.
He gets angry if he's contradicted.
He gets angry over trivial things.
He gets angry though was absent from the conference ahead of this of you.
He gets angry very easily.
He gets annoyed easily.
He gets any girl he wants.
He gets anything he wants.
He gets around a lot.
He gets caught up in daydreams often.
He gets disgusting comments every day.
He gets distracted easily.
He gets dizzy, it's not recommended for him to climb trees.
He gets easily nervous.
He gets even.
He gets everything because he's a brown-noser.
He gets everything mixed up.
He gets gifts.
He gets good grades in science.
He gets great pleasure from long walks through the woods.
He gets his diploma tomorrow.
He gets his hair cut once a month.
He gets his hair cut three times a month.
He gets his way by throwing his weight around.
He gets hives when he eats eggs.
He gets home late from work.
He gets hostile when someone stares at him.
He gets in her way at work.
He gets irritated about nothing.
He gets it now.
He gets it.
He gets jealous when I talk to other guys.
He gets judged all the time.
He gets lost wherever he goes.
He gets mad at me over every little thing.
He gets mad very easily.
He gets made fun of at school for being short.
He gets mean when he's drunk.
He gets my vote.
He gets nervous around her.
He gets off with little girls.
He gets offended by the smallest things.
He gets offended easily.
He gets on my last nerve.
He gets on my nerves like no one else.
He gets on my nerves!
He gets on my nerves.
He gets on well with Mr. Brown.
He gets on well with all his classmates.
He gets on well with his housemates.
He gets on well with people.
He gets out of the car and climbs the slope of the garden to the lighted window.
He gets overemotional, doesn't he?
He gets pissed off over nothing.
He gets pissed off very easily and yells and screams.
He gets presents.
He gets really testy when he doesn't get his way.
He gets really testy when he doesn’t get his way.
He gets seasick.
He gets tired easily.
He gets to do whatever he wants to.
He gets to do whatever he wants.
He gets to the door and he puts his hand on the knob.
He gets to work by bus?
He gets too much praise.
He gets tough at times.
He gets up and walks slowly.
He gets up as early as five every morning.
He gets up at 7.
He gets up at 8 a.m. every morning.
He gets up at half past six in the morning.
He gets up at half six in the morning.
He gets up at seven.
He gets up at six every morning.
He gets up at ten past seven.
He gets up before his parents do.
He gets up early morning.
He gets up early.
He gets up every morning at eight.
He gets up the tree without difficulty.
He gets upset easily.
He gets upset quickly.
He gets upset when she doesn't do what he tells her to do.
He gifted her a box of chocolates.
He gifted her a clock.
He gifted her a watch.
He gifted him a clock.
He gifted him a watch.
He giggled again.
He giggled.
He giggles without cause.
He gives a background.
He gives a lot of homework.
He gives an apple to the teacher every day.
He gives back to the community.
He gives her a big smile.
He gives her everything she asks for.
He gives her flowers.
He gives him a big smile.
He gives his children an allowance.
He gives his kids an allowance.
He gives his mother the silent treatment.
He gives his parents dawah every time he possibly can.
He gives importance to learning.
He gives instructions on what to say.
He gives it to John.
He gives lectures about Islam.
He gives lessons to elementary school pupils.
He gives me a bad time, as he always does.
He gives me a phone call every now and then.
He gives me chills.
He gives me the courage to keep going.
He gives me the creeps.
He gives me the strength to carry on.
He gives me the strength to persevere.
He gives meat to the dog.
He gives off an air of importance.
He gives off an irresistible charm.
He gives off serious Tom Jackson vibes.
He gives off the impression of being a kind guy.
He gives plain, simple explanations.
He gives powerful lectures about Islam.
He gives some meat to the dog.
He gives the dog some meat.
He gives the thing to his boss.
He gives toys to his children.
He gives twice who gives quickly.
He gives up easy.
He gives up.
He gives us a lot of trouble, but I like him all the same.
He gives us money.
He gives with one hand and takes away with the other.
He gives work all he's got, and gets more work done than anybody else.
He gives work all he’s got, and gets more work done than anybody else.
He gladly accepted our offer.
He gladly agreed.
He glanced around the lab.
He glanced at her and saw she was angry.
He glanced at her name tag.
He glanced at her with no sign of recognition.
He glanced at her.
He glanced at his emails.
He glanced at his watch and ordered another cup of tea.
He glanced at his watch.
He glanced at his watch. It had gone eleven.
He glanced at his wristwatch now and then.
He glanced at me.
He glanced at the book.
He glanced at the clock.
He glanced at the computer.
He glanced at the family photo on the wall.
He glanced at the headlines.
He glanced at the noisy child with a sour expression.
He glanced away.
He glanced back.
He glanced down at his feet.
He glanced down.
He glanced from one to the other, hoping for an answer.
He glanced in his rearview mirror.
He glanced over at her.
He glanced over his shoulder.
He glanced over the newspaper before turning in.
He glanced over to his phone which was in the back seat.
He glanced the ball with his forehead.
He glanced to his left.
He glances behind him.
He glared at Mina.
He glared at her coldly.
He glared at her.
He glared at me fiercely.
He glared at me.
He glared back at her.
He glazed his pottery to make it impermeable to water.
He glazed the cake with a shiny sugar syrup.
He glided in the heavens.
He glimpsed the brightness.
He gloated.
He glued the broken pieces together.
He glued the vase together sloppily.
He glued the vase together.
He goaded him on to ever more salacious revelations.
He gobbled down the herring salad.
He goes abroad every year.
He goes and sits outside the class but he can't stop laughing.
He goes and sits outside the class but he can’t stop laughing.
He goes by bike.
He goes by the name of Kenchan.
He goes cheerfully from one end of France to the other, singing as he plods along.
He goes crazy when he hasn't received his dose.
He goes door to door.
He goes everywhere by himself.
He goes fishing every other day.
He goes fishing in Kabylie.
He goes fishing.
He goes for a walk every morning.
He goes for a walk one day every month.
He goes home almost every weekend.
He goes in for the examination next month.
He goes in for whatever he finds interesting at the moment.
He goes in the room.
He goes jogging every day before breakfast.
He goes jogging every day.
He goes jogging in every kind of weather.
He goes last.
He goes next month to New York.
He goes on duty at 9 a.m. and come off duty at 6 p.m.
He goes on duty at 9 a.m. and comes off duty at 6 p.m.
He goes out after dark.
He goes out after every gym session and feeds his face with burgers.
He goes out to drink beer every night.
He goes out to the rice field because he is a farmer.
He goes overseas every year.
He goes running every morning.
He goes shopping every day.
He goes swimming after school.
He goes swimming in the river every day.
He goes swimming whenever he can.
He goes there at 6 p.m.
He goes there every day.
He goes there now and again.
He goes there three times a week.
He goes there to meet people.
He goes through the novels he received with care.
He goes to China in May.
He goes to Kabylie every Friday night.
He goes to Kabylie, Algeria, every summer.
He goes to Karuizawa every year.
He goes to London once a month.
He goes to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
He goes to Tizi Ouzou University.
He goes to a gay gym.
He goes to a part-time high school every evening in addition to the work he does during the day.
He goes to a private school outside the city.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
He goes to a state school.
He goes to a tutorial school three days a week.
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
He goes to bed at eight o’clock.
He goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep.
He goes to bed late.
He goes to bed very early.
He goes to drink beer every night.
He goes to high school with her.
He goes to high school.
He goes to junior high.
He goes to kindergarten.
He goes to mass every Sunday morning.
He goes to nursery school.
He goes to our school.
He goes to replace his father.
He goes to riding school every week to learn how to ride.
He goes to school by bicycle.
He goes to school by bus.
He goes to school early.
He goes to school every day.
He goes to school on foot.
He goes to school to study every day.
He goes to school with her.
He goes to school, doesn't he?
He goes to school.
He goes to sleep with the lights left on.
He goes to the best private school in Algiers.
He goes to the library to read books.
He goes to the market every day.
He goes to the market everyday.
He goes to the mosque by car.
He goes to the mosque early in the morning.
He goes to the mosque every Friday.
He goes to the mosque every day.
He goes to the mosque five times a day.
He goes to the mosque on Friday.
He goes to the mosque with his daughter.
He goes to the movies as often as three times a week.
He goes to the office by car.
He goes to the park every morning.
He goes to the same school as me.
He goes to the school every day to learn.
He goes to the theatre often.
He goes to this mosque.
He goes to university.
He goes to work by car.
He goes to work by train.
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days.
He goes to work on foot.
He goes to work on the metro.
He goes up and down.
He goes very often to the theater, but always by himself.
He goes where his feet take him.
He goes wherever his feet take him.
He goes wherever his legs carry him.
He goes with his mother to Russia every year.
He goes with me every time I go to the market.
He goes with them to their village.
He goofed on the job and got fired.
He goofed.
He googled himself.
He gorged himself on ice cream.
He gorges himself on pizza and then throws up at night in his bed.
He gorges himself whenever he eats at that restaurant.
He gossips a lot.
He got 14 stitches on his forehead.
He got 90 in English.
He got 90 marks out of 100 in English.
He got 90 on his English test.
He got 90% in English.
He got Alicia some food and a blanket.
He got Skura pregnant.
He got Tom.
He got a D on his test.
He got a D.
He got a Green Card.
He got a PS5.
He got a T.R.O.
He got a bad reputation.
He got a belly button piercing.
He got a better score on the quiz.
He got a better score than us.
He got a better understanding of Islam.
He got a birthday card from her.
He got a blanket and put it over her.
He got a bonus.
He got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured himself a bowlful.
He got a brand new car.
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.
He got a bullet wound in his left foot.
He got a call from a foreign number.
He got a call from her.
He got a call this afternoon from her.
He got a call.
He got a cold from his sister.
He got a cramp while he was swimming.
He got a creepy vibe from the house.
He got a degree in English literature.
He got a degree in economics.
He got a different Berber teacher.
He got a diplomatic passport.
He got a discount.
He got a dose of karma.
He got a faint TV signal on the island.
He got a fair mark in the examination.
He got a few clients.
He got a flat tire on the road.
He got a good appointment.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
He got a good grip on the bat before swinging.
He got a great amount of money from the lottery.
He got a grip on his emotions.
He got a haircut.
He got a hard box after a week.
He got a hip ultrasound.
He got a hundred dollar raise.
He got a job at the Law Library.
He got a job at the mill.
He got a job.
He got a kitten for his birthday.
He got a letter from her.
He got a life sentence.
He got a little carried away.
He got a little irritated when he was approached by beggars.
He got a little more comfortable being on camera.
He got a little worried.
He got a loan from the bank.
He got a lot of exposure to Islam.
He got a lot of gifts.
He got a lot of money.
He got a lot of presents.
He got a master's degree in law.
He got a master’s degree in law.
He got a message on his phone.
He got a new CD player yesterday.
He got a new hat for her.
He got a new job.
He got a nice healthy tan.
He got a nice job recently.
He got a noise complaint from the neighbors.
He got a parking ticket.
He got a phone call from her.
He got a pleasant surprise.
He got a position as a clerk.
He got a pot of coffee going.
He got a prescription for that.
He got a present from her.
He got a prize for winning the competition.
He got a promotion.
He got a puppy.
He got a raise.
He got a red card.
He got a ring for her.
He got a shameful title.
He got a small portion of pie.
He got a suntan.
He got a surprise visit from her.
He got a tan.
He got a tattoo on his arm.
He got a tattoo on his shoulder.
He got a tattoo with her name on it.
He got a tattoo.
He got a text message from her.
He got a text message.
He got a ticket.
He got a vague answer.
He got a very good feeling from her.
He got a visa to continue studying in France.
He got a visa.
He got a voice mail from her.
He got accepted into the fashion school.
He got accepted.
He got accustomed to the new way of living.
He got acquainted with some villagers.
He got across the river.
He got addicted to that soap opera.
He got adopted.
He got agitated.
He got ahead of me.
He got alarmed.
He got all he wanted.
He got all his information from secondary sources.
He got all the answers correct.
He got all the worse because he took the medicine.
He got almost everything he needed.
He got almost everything he wanted.
He got along with her.
He got along with the staff.
He got an A in Berber.
He got an A on his spelling test.
He got an A on the Berber exam.
He got an A.
He got an anonymous tip.
He got an award for the highest sales at his company.
He got an awesome idea.
He got an easy English book.
He got an email from her.
He got an email.
He got an emergency call and had to leave work.
He got an immediate response.
He got an important position in the company.
He got an overnight train.
He got an overwhelming urge to punch someone in the face.
He got an unexpected visit from her.
He got an urgent call from her.
He got angry and hit her.
He got angry and told off his servant.
He got angry and yelled at her.
He got angry at being insulted.
He got angry at me.
He got angry at the children.
He got angry because he thought that everyone was trying to make a fool of him.
He got angry because his honor was at stake.
He got angry to hear the news.
He got angry to know the fact.
He got angry when I told him that.
He got angry when he found out about their plans.
He got angry with her.
He got angry with his brother.
He got angry with me at last.
He got angry with me.
He got angry with the high school students.
He got angry with us.
He got angry with whoever challenged him.
He got angry.
He got annoyed.
He got another bottle.
He got another chance to participate.
He got another job.
He got another phone call from her.
He got approved.
He got aroused and got a hard on.
He got arrested.
He got as much as he deserved.
He got assistance from above.
He got away disguised as a policeman.
He got away with her watch.
He got away with the cash.
He got away.
He got back at six.
He got back from Sydney today.
He got back from school.
He got back home early.
He got back home.
He got back in his car.
He got back into his car.
He got back into the truck.
He got back on his motorcycle.
He got back on the bus.
He got back on the road.
He got back onto the highway.
He got back to camp.
He got back to hiding.
He got back to the car.
He got back to the parking lot.
He got back to the race.
He got back to work.
He got back together with her.
He got back with his ex.
He got back.
He got bad grades.
He got beat.
He got beaten up.
He got better very quickly.
He got better.
He got big.
He got bigger.
He got bit by a rabid dog.
He got bit.
He got bitten.
He got bogged down at work.
He got bored after fifteen minutes.
He got bored quickly.
He got bored.
He got brushed aside.
He got burned.
He got busted.
He got busy.
He got called into the principal's office.
He got cancer.
He got carried away by his emotions.
He got caught kissing a girl in the back seat of the car.
He got caught with the money.
He got caught.
He got changed.
He got cheated.
He got chills.
He got chosen.
He got closer to God.
He got closer to the fire.
He got closer.
He got cold feet.
He got confused.
He got convicted.
He got covid.
He got creamed.
He got curious.
He got custody of his son.
He got deeper into the woods.
He got defensive.
He got delayed.
He got depressed.
He got desperate.
He got detained.
He got dirty.
He got discouraged.
He got disqualified for bad sportsmanship.
He got divorced.
He got dizzy.
He got done for match-fixing.
He got down on all fours and started searching for the ring.
He got down on all fours.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
He got down on his knees and prayed.
He got down on his knees.
He got down the book from the shelf.
He got down to business.
He got dressed and went out.
He got dressed and went outside.
He got dressed.
He got drunk and became indiscreet.
He got drunk and became talkative.
He got drunk and chatty.
He got drunk and walked through the streets, running into the walls as if he was blind.
He got drunk on homemade rhubarb wine.
He got drunk with his friends.
He got drunk yesterday.
He got drunk.
He got dumped.
He got eaten by a tiger.
He got eight hours of uninterrupted sleep.
He got elected.
He got emotional.
He got endorsed by the biggest brands.
He got engaged a couple of weeks ago.
He got engaged to my cousin.
He got engaged.
He got evaluated.
He got even his opponents to agree to the new economic plan.
He got everything he asked for.
He got everything he needed.
He got everything he wanted for Christmas presents.
He got everything he wanted for his birthday.
He got everything he wanted.
He got everything ready for tomorrow.
He got everything.
He got evicted from that apartment.
He got evicted.
He got exactly what he asked for.
He got exactly what he deserved.
He got exactly what he needed.
He got exactly what he wanted.
He got exactly what he wished for.
He got excited about that.
He got excited when he heard that.
He got excited.
He got exhausted.
He got expelled for lewd conduct.
He got expelled.
He got extraordinary grades.
He got famous.
He got fat.
He got fatter.
He got fed up with the Berber language.
He got fired for making waves too often.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
He got fired from his job.
He got fired from the restaurant.
He got fired on his first day.
He got fired.
He got first prize, didn't he?
He got five years.
He got fleeced.
He got flustered.
He got fooled several times.
He got four dolls, of which three were made in China.
He got friendly with her.
He got full marks in English.
He got full marks in mathematics.
He got full marks.
He got furious.
He got good at flirting.
He got good grades.
He got good marks in math.
He got goosebumps.
He got grounded for four months.
He got grounded.
He got hacked.
He got happy when he heard about her success.
He got happy.
He got heartbroken.
He got her a Kabyle bracelet for her birthday.
He got her a Kabyle bracelet.
He got her a beautiful Kabyle bracelet.
He got her a huge balloon.
He got her a huge engagement ring.
He got her a huge ring.
He got her a huge teddy bear.
He got her a ring.
He got her an expensive Kabyle bracelet.
He got her another Kabyle bracelet.
He got her mad.
He got her off of him.
He got her pregnant.
He got her some Kabyle jewelry.
He got her to do what he wanted her to do.
He got her to mend his bike.
He got here after her.
He got here an hour before her.
He got here fast.
He got here late.
He got here right after her.
He got himself a drink.
He got himself another beer.
He got himself blind drunk, and couldn't remember anything the next day.
He got himself committed to it.
He got himself in.
He got himself ready within a minute.
He got himself up as Santa Claus.
He got hired at a new restaurant.
He got his annual report a fortnight ago.
He got his arm broken while he was playing soccer.
He got his balance back.
He got his belly button pierced a few months ago.
He got his belly button pierced at fourteen.
He got his belly button pierced at home.
He got his belly button pierced in April.
He got his belly button pierced without his parents' consent.
He got his belly button pierced.
He got his belly button ripped out.
He got his car fixed.
He got his car washed at the filling station.
He got his chance to succeed.
He got his comeuppance.
He got his computer back.
He got his computer fixed.
He got his dander up.
He got his discharge from the army.
He got his doctorate.
He got his dog back inside.
He got his driver's license at the same time I did.
He got his driver's license back.
He got his driving licence in less time than anyone.
He got his ears pierced.
He got his eyes tested.
He got his feelings hurt.
He got his first exposure to religion by the way of the local Islamic cultural center.
He got his girlfriend pregnant and they had to get married.
He got his girlfriend pregnant.
He got his greatest rival arrested before the elections.
He got his hearing tested.
He got his jaw X-rayed.
He got his job back.
He got his left ear pierced.
He got his license back.
He got his meaning across to me.
He got his money.
He got his neck broken in the accident.
He got his nose pierced.
He got his nose scrapped.
He got his notebook out.
He got his own apartment in Algiers.
He got his painting framed.
He got his pilot's license.
He got his position by presidential appointment.
He got his present position by virtue of his long experience.
He got his revenge.
He got his right ear pierced.
He got his rival arrested by trickery.
He got his shirt mended by his wife.
He got his sister to help him paint his room.
He got his sleeve caught.
He got his teeth whitened.
He got his tongue pierced.
He got his watch fixed.
He got his way.
He got his wife to mend his shirt.
He got his wish.
He got hit by a bus on the way home.
He got hit by lightning on a golf course.
He got hit by lightning.
He got hoarse from so much shouting.
He got home a little after her.
He got home about an hour before Mom.
He got home all by himself.
He got home at seven sharp.
He got home at six.
He got home by himself.
He got home from Kabylie.
He got home from work.
He got home late.
He got home.
He got homesick.
He got hooked on drugs at a young age.
He got hooked on those substances.
He got hooked.
He got hundreds of anonymous letters in mockery.
He got hungry mid-shift.
He got hurt after jumping.
He got hurt in the accident at work.
He got hurt in the game yesterday.
He got hurt seriously in the traffic accident.
He got hurt when he fell down.
He got hurt.
He got ideas into his head.
He got ill from overwork.
He got impatient waiting for her.
He got impatient.
He got in a car accident and injured his leg.
He got in a snit over nothing.
He got in for Chester.
He got in her way.
He got in his car and drove away.
He got in his car and drove off.
He got in his car and left.
He got in his car and started it.
He got in his car and went home.
He got in his car.
He got in line.
He got in the boat with her.
He got in the boat with the horse.
He got in the car with her.
He got in the fight.
He got in the new car.
He got in trouble in the village.
He got in trouble, didn't he?
He got in trouble.
He got in with a shotgun in his hands.
He got infected with HIV.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
He got injured in the traffic accident.
He got injured.
He got inside the camper and locked the doors.
He got inside the hotel.
He got insulted.
He got interested in the story.
He got into a fight with his cousin.
He got into a fight.
He got into a fit of giggles.
He got into a good college.
He got into a very bad accident.
He got into an accident.
He got into an argument.
He got into bed.
He got into big trouble.
He got into his car and drove away.
He got into his car and drove off.
He got into his car in a hurry.
He got into his car.
He got into his truck, heading home.
He got into the bed.
He got into the car and drove off.
He got into the car with her.
He got into the elevator with her.
He got into the greenhouse.
He got into the habit of smoking in his youth.
He got into the habit of smoking soon after he got a job in the company.
He got into the utility corridor.
He got into this school in September last year.
He got into touble.
He got into trouble because of her.
He got intoxicated yesterday.
He got involved in shady business affairs.
He got involved in this work, but he knows nothing.
He got irritated.
He got it all wrong.
He got it done.
He got it in his head that he'd forgotten to lock to door.
He got it right.
He got it wrong, didn't he?
He got it wrong.
He got it.
He got jealous.
He got kicked off the team because he'd taken drugs.
He got kicked off the team.
He got kicked out of school.
He got kicked out of the restaurant.
He got killed in an automobile accident.
He got killed.
He got laid off unexpectedly without any severance.
He got laid.
He got locked out of his dormitory.
He got lost along the way.
He got lost in Algiers.
He got lost in the cave.
He got lost in the city.
He got lost in the corn maze.
He got lost in the course of walking in the woods.
He got lost in the crowd.
He got lost in the details.
He got lost in the fog of memories.
He got lost in the forest.
He got lost in the huge park.
He got lost in the jungle.
He got lost in the middle of nowhere.
He got lost in the pages of the book.
He got lost in the park.
He got lost in the white wilderness.
He got lost in the woods.
He got lost on his way here.
He got lost on his way to the village.
He got lost on the way up there.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He got lost.
He got lucky
He got lucky again.
He got lucky.
He got lung cancer despite the fact that he is a non-smoker.
He got mad at her.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
He got mad at me.
He got mad.
He got made fun of.
He got married at 22.
He got married at seventeen.
He got married in Algeria.
He got married in Canada before going to Algeria.
He got married in Nicaragua.
He got married in Turkey.
He got married quickly.
He got married three days ago.
He got married to Ann last month.
He got married to Kate.
He got married to a certain actress.
He got married to a rich man.
He got married when I got home from abroad.
He got married when he was thirty.
He got married when he was twenty-two years old.
He got married with his cousin.
He got married, didn't he?
He got married.
He got me a drink.
He got me a jewelry set that cost a fortune.
He got me a nice watch as a present, but I lost it.
He got me a watch.
He got me cornered.
He got me some vegetables.
He got me wrong.
He got mixed up in his friend's affair.
He got mixed up in his friend’s affair.
He got money from the old woman by a trick.
He got more birthday presents than me.
He got more efficient.
He got more money.
He got more than he bargained for.
He got more than he expected.
He got more than he needed.
He got mugged.
He got my vote.
He got nervous.
He got nice gifts.
He got no answer from her.
He got no answer.
He got no reply.
He got noisy.
He got nominated for an Academy Award.
He got nothing.
He got off at the next bus stop.
He got off at the next station.
He got off at the next stop.
He got off at the park.
He got off because of the statute of limitations.
He got off easy.
He got off his bicycle.
He got off his bike.
He got off his horse.
He got off his stool.
He got off of his motorcycle.
He got off on a technicality.
He got off on the next stop.
He got off the bus, bidding me a loud farewell.
He got off the bus.
He got off the plane.
He got off the raft.
He got off the ship.
He got off the slide.
He got off the train and looked around for his friends.
He got off the train.
He got off to a flying start.
He got off with a fine.
He got off with a warning.
He got off work early.
He got offended.
He got old and fat.
He got old and he is not married.
He got older!
He got on a horse and followed her.
He got on a train bound for Kanazawa.
He got on board.
He got on his bicycle.
He got on his bike and left.
He got on his bike and rode away.
He got on his bike and sped off.
He got on his horse.
He got on that bus.
He got on the bus.
He got on the motorcycle with her.
He got on the raft.
He got on the train.
He got on top of her and started hitting her.
He got on top of her and started punching her.
He got orders to join his battalion.
He got out OK.
He got out a book and began to read it.
He got out a book and read.
He got out at the next bus station.
He got out from under the car.
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish ballads for us.
He got out his pen.
He got out last time, relapsed, and went back in.
He got out of bed and made his way to the door.
He got out of bed and started to put on his clothes.
He got out of bed on the wrong side.
He got out of bed, having spent a sleepless night.
He got out of bed.
He got out of his car and ran to help her.
He got out of his car.
He got out of his chair and went to give her a hug.
He got out of his truck.
He got out of jail.
He got out of sight quickly.
He got out of the army.
He got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put his clothes on.
He got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put on his clothes.
He got out of the bathtub and dried himself off.
He got out of the bathtub and shout "Eureka!"
He got out of the cab in haste saying, "Keep the change."
He got out of the cab in haste.
He got out of the garage.
He got out of the habit of smoking.
He got out of the kitchen.
He got out of the river.
He got out of the room in anger.
He got out of the shower and dried himself with a towel.
He got out of the shower and put a bath towel on himself.
He got out of the tent.
He got out of the train.
He got out of the trouble by making believe that he couldn't hear.
He got out of the trouble by making believe that he couldn’t hear.
He got out of the tunnel.
He got out of the water and dried himself off.
He got out of the way.
He got out of the woods.
He got out on one of the lifeboats.
He got out on the wrong side of bed.
He got out.
He got outside.
He got over his ailment.
He got over his difficulties.
He got over it.
He got over the difficulties.
He got over the end.
He got over the shock of his father's death.
He got over the shock of his father’s death.
He got paid last.
He got paid more than he expected.
He got paid under the table.
He got paid.
He got panicky.
He got played.
He got promoted.
He got quiet.
He got quite well.
He got ready for bed.
He got ready for departure.
He got ready to go out.
He got ready to post the video on TikTok.
He got really angry when I told him I would be late.
He got really mad.
He got really scared.
He got rejected.
He got related with her through marriage.
He got religion on his deathbed.
He got residency in Paraguay.
He got rich quickly.
He got rich.
He got rid of favoritism.
He got rid of his old bicycle.
He got rid of his old books.
He got rid of his old car.
He got rid of his old computer.
He got rid of that apartment.
He got rid of that diary.
He got right to work.
He got right where he wanted.
He got robbed.
He got rowdy.
He got run over.
He got sad after reading the letter.
He got scared.
He got sexually assaulted on a train.
He got shampoo in his eyes.
He got sheep.
He got shot at.
He got shot down.
He got shot.
He got sick because he ate too much food.
He got sick during dinner.
He got sick during the trip.
He got sick from eating too much.
He got sick from overwork.
He got sick.
He got sleepy and felt like he wanted to take a nap.
He got sleepy.
He got smashed.
He got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
He got so fed up with the ads that he deleted that account.
He got so he could play the piece easily.
He got so interested in Kabylie.
He got so many books about Berber.
He got so stout that his collar did not meet.
He got soaked to the bone.
He got soap in his eyes.
He got some groceries.
He got some ice cream.
He got some information about Islam from a coworker.
He got some information about Islam.
He got some money from her.
He got some money from his father.
He got some paint on his shoes.
He got some pie.
He got some shampoo in his eyes.
He got some sleep.
He got some support.
He got something for her.
He got something from her.
He got something in his eye.
He got spooked.
He got stabbed.
He got stitches.
He got stood up.
He got straight As.
He got straight to the point.
He got stressed.
He got struck by lightning.
He got stuck with the whole bill when he went out drinking with her and her friends.
He got stuck.
He got sunburned.
He got suspended for talking back to the principal.
He got suspended.
He got taken.
He got teased a lot in high school.
He got tested for HIV.
He got that Berber teacher again.
He got that bicycle from her.
He got that from her.
He got the OK.
He got the answer right.
He got the ax.
He got the ball.
He got the best selling offer.
He got the better of his opponent.
He got the book down from the shelf.
He got the book for nothing.
He got the book.
He got the books as gifts.
He got the boot.
He got the business off the ground.
He got the car for nothing.
He got the chance to be around Muslims.
He got the children to safety.
He got the date wrong.
He got the dogs back inside.
He got the evidence he needed.
He got the first prize in a 100m race.
He got the first prize in the contest.
He got the first prize.
He got the flu.
He got the goats some water.
He got the highest grade in the exam.
He got the highest grade on the exam.
He got the hint.
He got the idea.
He got the information he needed.
He got the job by a fluke.
He got the job by virtue of his father's connections.
He got the job by virtue of his father’s connections.
He got the job he wanted.
He got the job.
He got the kitchen set up.
He got the lady some water.
He got the local accent.
He got the machine running.
He got the message.
He got the money back for the Oculus.
He got the money by a trick.
He got the money from her by a trick.
He got the money from her.
He got the money.
He got the old rifle from the closet.
He got the part.
He got the point.
He got the prize.
He got the punishment he deserved.
He got the reputation for being an honest politician.
He got the results.
He got the right answer by pure chance.
He got the runs in Mexico.
He got the sack for slacking off at work.
He got the sack for stealing.
He got the section chief's daughter pregnant and was demoted.
He got the short end of the stick.
He got the tangerines he wanted.
He got the tent set up.
He got the test done today.
He got the twelve o'clock train.
He got the twelve o’clock train.
He got the upper hand.
He got the van fixed.
He got the website back.
He got the wind up.
He got the word out.
He got them to reject it.
He got there.
He got this bicycle from the junkyard.
He got those horrible tattoos and now he regrets it.
He got those wounds because he played too much guitar.
He got through his work.
He got through with his work.
He got thrown out of the house.
He got thrown out within seconds by security.
He got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
He got tips.
He got tired and turned back.
He got tired of being the devil's advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
He got tired of being the devil’s advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
He got tired of hearing this news.
He got tired of life.
He got tired of reading.
He got tired of that house.
He got tired of the work, and left it half-done.
He got tired of waiting for her, so he went into the museum without her.
He got tired of waiting for her.
He got tired out.
He got tired soon.
He got tired.
He got to Algeria before she did.
He got to London yesterday.
He got to her house and knocked on the door.
He got to his feet.
He got to his village.
He got to know her more than he had before.
He got to school just in time.
He got to sleep in.
He got to the Algiers airport this morning.
He got to the clearing.
He got to the mosque at four o'clock.
He got together with her.
He got transferred to another department.
He got trapped.
He got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to her.
He got undressed.
He got unlucky.
He got up an hour early this morning.
He got up and fought her.
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
He got up and left.
He got up and moved away from her.
He got up and moved towards the door.
He got up and stretched his spidery frame languidly.
He got up and turned on the light.
He got up and walked toward me, wrapping his arms around me.
He got up and went away.
He got up and went to the bar.
He got up at eight in the morning.
He got up at five as usual.
He got up at once, struck a match, and looked at the time. It was exactly one o'clock.
He got up before the rooster crowing.
He got up earlier than usual this morning.
He got up earlier than usual today.
He got up earlier than usual.
He got up early in order not to miss the train.
He got up early in order to attend the meeting.
He got up early so as to be in time for the train.
He got up early so he'd be in time for the train.
He got up early this morning.
He got up early.
He got up enough guts to break the ice at the board meeting.
He got up from his chair.
He got up from his desk.
He got up from his seat and went to hug her.
He got up from his seat.
He got up from his stool.
He got up from there.
He got up in the morning.
He got up late and was late for school.
He got up late, so he missed the bus.
He got up late, so that he missed the bus.
He got up late.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth and shaved.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
He got up slowly.
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room.
He got up suddenly and went to look out the window.
He got up the courage to ask her to marry him.
He got up to help her.
He got up to open the window.
He got up to put on his jacket.
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
He got up.
He got upset and left.
He got upset with me when I mentioned the word.
He got upset.
He got us nice seats.
He got used to Mom not being around.
He got used to a new life.
He got used to not having a hot meal every day.
He got used to sleeping outside.
He got used to the work.
He got used to working two hours every day in the garden.
He got used to working with her.
He got vaccinated.
He got very angry at her.
He got very angry with her.
He got very angry, for she refused to follow his advice.
He got very angry.
He got very busy.
He got very cold.
He got very depressed after his failure.
He got very drunk.
He got very fat.
He got very hot.
He got very lost.
He got very lucky.
He got very mad.
He got very proficient in English in a few years.
He got very rich.
He got very sick.
He got very weak.
He got violent.
He got weak.
He got well acquainted with the history of Japan.
He got well again.
He got well soon.
He got wet from the rain.
He got wet from the waist to the knees.
He got wet to the skin and caught cold.
He got what he came for.
He got what he deserved in the end.
He got what he deserved.
He got what he needed.
He got what he wanted against all odds.
He got what he wanted.
He got what was coming to him.
He got where he wanted to be in life by just using his raw mental strength and willpower.
He got wind of it.
He got wind of the matter.
He got wind that his son became Muslim.
He got wiser as he grew older.
He got with her.
He got wonderful results.
He got words of thanks from James.
He got wounded.
He got wrecked, girl!
He got yelled at by his boss.
He got you in trouble, didn't he?
He gouged out his eyes so he would never again see the homeland he had betrayed.
He governed this country peacefully for 30 years.
He grabbed a beer from the cooler.
He grabbed a good chunk of her hair.
He grabbed a handful of chips.
He grabbed a handful of popcorn out of the bag and then handed it to her.
He grabbed a handful of rice.
He grabbed a second piece to take to his sick friend.
He grabbed as many beers as he could hold.
He grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the door.
He grabbed her arm.
He grabbed her by the arm and made her sit down.
He grabbed her by the hair.
He grabbed her face and started scratching her.
He grabbed her face.
He grabbed her fishing pole to help her pull in the fish.
He grabbed her hair first.
He grabbed her hair, pulled her head back and started punching her.
He grabbed her hand.
He grabbed her hands and squeezed them.
He grabbed her hands.
He grabbed her like this.
He grabbed him by the collar.
He grabbed him by the lapel.
He grabbed him under the arm pits and pulled him up.
He grabbed his backpack and left.
He grabbed his backpack and went upstairs.
He grabbed his backpack.
He grabbed his bag and left.
He grabbed his bag.
He grabbed his coat and left.
He grabbed his coat.
He grabbed his glasses and put them on.
He grabbed his keys.
He grabbed his rifle and pointed it at her.
He grabbed hot coal, his fingers got burned.
He grabbed it forcefully.
He grabbed it.
He grabbed me by my wrists.
He grabbed me by the arm and pulled me to him.
He grabbed me by the collar.
He grabbed me by the neck.
He grabbed me from behind.
He grabbed my arm.
He grabbed my ass!
He grabbed my ass.
He grabbed my breasts.
He grabbed my chin and turned my head left and right.
He grabbed my hand.
He grabbed my shoulders and pushed me under the water.
He grabbed my wrist.
He grabbed the bar.
He grabbed the book from her.
He grabbed the boy's hand.
He grabbed the butterfly with his thumb and index finger.
He grabbed the chance to get a job.
He grabbed the chocolate away from his sister.
He grabbed the fire extinguisher before attempting to put out the flames.
He grabbed the guitar to calm his rage.
He grabbed the gun away from her before she could kill herself.
He grabbed the hand of his brother.
He grabbed the letter out of my hand.
He grabbed the machine gun and shot at the police car.
He grabbed the pail.
He grabbed the remote and turned the TV off.
He grabbed the rope and was saved.
He grabbed the rope with both hands.
He grabbed them.
He grabs his keys.
He graded assignments in the teachers' lounge.
He graded everyone's tests.
He gradually came to love his father.
He gradually moved closer to her.
He gradually recovered his temper.
He graduated a couple of weeks ago.
He graduated a fortnight ago.
He graduated at thirty.
He graduated college within two years.
He graduated first in his class.
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.
He graduated from Cambridge with honours.
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.
He graduated from Harvard.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He graduated from Yale with honors in 1921.
He graduated from a senior high school with honors.
He graduated from college at the age of 22.
He graduated from college four years ago.
He graduated from college last year.
He graduated from high school remotely.
He graduated from high school this spring.
He graduated from law school.
He graduated from some rinky-dink college in Oklahoma.
He graduated from the conservatory with a degree in composition.
He graduated from university last year.
He graduated high school last year.
He graduated high school.
He graduated in 1993.
He graduated in law.
He graduated last year.
He graduated third in his class.
He graduated with a degree in physics.
He graduated.
He grafted a pear on the quince.
He granted me permission to work in his office.
He granted the privilege to become children of God.
He grappled with his brother.
He grapples with an eating disorder.
He grasped her meaning clearly.
He grasped my hand.
He grasped the hatchet to peel off the bark and shape the wood.
He grasped the rope with two hands.
He grasped the situation with one glance.
He gratefully accepted the offer.
He grates cheese for the lasagna.
He grazed me, sending shivers down my spine.
He greatly enjoys football.
He greatly enjoys soccer.
He greened it.
He greeted Mom warmly.
He greeted her in Berber.
He greeted her with a big smile.
He greeted her with cordiality.
He greeted her.
He greeted his grandparents with a warm hug.
He greeted his guests at the door.
He greeted his guests.
He greeted his parents.
He greeted me in Berber.
He greeted me with a big smile.
He greeted me with a hug.
He greeted me with a smile.
He greeted me.
He greeted that lady.
He greeted that woman.
He greeted the captain.
He greeted the family.
He greeted the guests.
He greeted the ladies.
He greeted the lady.
He greeted the man, and came back home, to his normal, boring routine.
He greeted the principal.
He greeted the woman.
He greets everyone loudly.
He greets people in Berber.
He grew a beard and tried to disguise himself.
He grew a beard to look more mature.
He grew a beard while he was on holiday.
He grew a beard.
He grew a lot in no time at all.
He grew a variety of crops.
He grew accustomed to bedding down outside.
He grew an allergic reaction towards shellfish.
He grew angry.
He grew anxious.
He grew fixated on a younger woman.
He grew fond of her.
He grew his beard and hair in order to look old.
He grew his beard.
He grew horns.
He grew larger and larger.
He grew no fatter.
He grew old.
He grew potatoes in his garden.
He grew roses.
He grew strawberries in the garden.
He grew stronger.
He grew tired.
He grew up as a Muslim.
He grew up camping along the mountain range.
He grew up here, in Canada.
He grew up here.
He grew up in Algiers.
He grew up in Australia.
He grew up in Bejaia, Algeria.
He grew up in Germany.
He grew up in Kabylie, Algeria, raising chickens and growing vegetables in his backyard.
He grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
He grew up in Kabylie.
He grew up in a Christian town.
He grew up in a bad environment.
He grew up in a house that was haunted.
He grew up in a little village.
He grew up in a military family.
He grew up in a non-Muslim family.
He grew up in a poor family in Kabylie.
He grew up in a poor family.
He grew up in a racist environment.
He grew up in a small town.
He grew up in a very religious Muslim family.
He grew up in a working-class neighborhood where everyone, at least once, tried cocaine.
He grew up in an cultured environment.
He grew up in an orphanage in Algeria.
He grew up in northern Algeria.
He grew up in poverty.
He grew up in small towns in Texas.
He grew up in the Bible Belt area.
He grew up in the forest.
He grew up in the mosque.
He grew up in the movie industry.
He grew up in the retinue of the king.
He grew up poor, so he's used to deprivation.
He grew up to be a college football player.
He grew up to be a doctor.
He grew up to be a famous musician in later years.
He grew up to be a fine youth.
He grew up to be a great person.
He grew up to be a great scientist.
He grew up to be a handsome young man.
He grew up to be a very reliable man.
He grew up to be an engineer.
He grew up with his four sisters in Algiers.
He grew up with his grandparents in Algeria.
He grew up with his identical twin in Kabylie.
He grew up with his parents.
He grew vegetables in the backyard.
He grew very tired.
He grew.
He grieved at the death of his best friend.
He grieved over his failures.
He grilled the bun to add a smoky flavor.
He grilled the burger patty and toasted the bun.
He grilled the hot dog bun.
He grimaced as if memories of his bitter past were crashing like waves inside his head.
He grimaced.
He grinds his teeth in his sleep.
He grinds his teeth to pieces.
He grinds on chicks all the timeâ€”well, he tries to. God almighty, does he try.
He grinds on chicks all the time—well, he tries to. God almighty, does he try.
He grinned and looked at her.
He grinned at her.
He grinned at me.
He grinned broadly at us.
He grinned broadly when he received the unexpected gift.
He grinned cheerfully at Tom.
He grinned from ear to ear.
He grinned sheepishly.
He grinned slyly.
He grinned when he saw her.
He grinned with delight.
He grinned.
He gripped her tightly.
He gripped my hand.
He gripped the tennis racket tightly.
He grips his favorite toy in hands still sticky from the bread dough he helped the cook knead ten or so minutes ago.
He grits his teeth and forces back his growing fear.
He gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear.
He gritted his teeth.
He groaned in his sleep.
He groaned.
He groomed his beard.
He groomed his horse.
He groped for the doorknob in the dark.
He groped her.
He ground the pills into a fine powder.
He grouped his books into five categories.
He grouped the girls in three rows.
He growled out orders to his subordinates.
He grows a mustache.
He grows carrots in the garden.
He grows his own food.
He grows his own vegetables.
He grows many types of flowers.
He grows rhubarb.
He grows rice.
He grows tomatoes in his garden.
He grows tomatoes in the garden.
He grows vegetables in his garden.
He grows vegetables in the garden.
He grudged spending money on such a thing.
He grumbled about the way they treated him.
He grumbled and turned away.
He grumbled because they didn't pay him enough.
He grumbled.
He grumbles a lot, but deep down he's not a bad guy.
He grunted his agreement without looking at me.
He grunted his thanks.
He grunted.
He guaranteed his slaves' freedom.
He guaranteed his slaves’ freedom.
He guaranteed my debt.
He guarantees it.
He guessed right.
He guessed the amount of money I had in my pocket.
He guessed the answers with great accuracy.
He guessed.
He guided me to the palace.
He guided the ball with his fingertips.
He guided the man through the streets to the station.
He guided the students through a library research session.
He guided the tourists around the city.
He guided us.
He gulped down a morsel of bread.
He gulps down a cup of coffee before he goes to work.
He gutted the gazelle.
He hacked Rima's computer.
He hacked his girlfriend's phone.
He hacks guitars out of old wood, including one created entirely from triangular scraps of highly-prized purpleheart wood that a carpenter had thrown away after completing a project.
He had Algerian roommates.
He had Parkinson's disease.
He had a Big Mac.
He had a Muslim doctor.
He had a baby boy.
He had a backpack on his shoulders.
He had a bad day.
He had a bad night.
He had a bad summer.
He had a bad time.
He had a bandage on his forehead.
He had a bandage on his left hand.
He had a bath and got dressed.
He had a beautiful house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He had a beautiful wife.
He had a beefcake physique that suggested he spent half his life in the gym.
He had a beer.
He had a belly button piercing.
He had a big argument with her.
He had a big box in his arms.
He had a big bruise on his arm.
He had a big fight with her mother.
He had a big fight with her.
He had a big fight with his mother.
He had a big grin on his face.
He had a big house and two cars.
He had a big smile on his face.
He had a big stupid smile on his face.
He had a bit of a belly.
He had a bit of a cold last night.
He had a bitter experience.
He had a blank stare.
He had a blister on his arm.
He had a blister on his hand.
He had a blue jacket on.
He had a book in his hand.
He had a book on physics published.
He had a book under his arm.
He had a bottle of wine brought to him.
He had a brainstorm when he invented that machine!
He had a bright future and he wrecked it.
He had a broad face and a little round belly, That shook when he laughed, like a bowlful of jelly.
He had a brother who passed away at the age of 30.
He had a bruise on his arm.
He had a business colleague who was Muslim.
He had a business proposition.
He had a cadaverous appearance.
He had a calm way of speaking.
He had a candle in his hand.
He had a career in the Algerian military.
He had a cat.
He had a certain Muslim upbringing but it wasn't too strict.
He had a certain charm of manner.
He had a certain charm.
He had a chance of recovery.
He had a change of heart.
He had a chat with her.
He had a child even though he wasn't married.
He had a child even though he wasn’t married.
He had a child with an Algerian woman.
He had a choice.
He had a classic education.
He had a close relationship with the imam of that mosque.
He had a co-worker from Algeria who was Muslim.
He had a cold attitude.
He had a cold, but he went to work.
He had a cold, so he stayed in bed.
He had a cold.
He had a collection of Japanese koi in the garden pond.
He had a computer on his lap.
He had a conflict again with his neighbors.
He had a confused look on his face.
He had a conversation with her.
He had a copy made of his car key.
He had a copy made of this key.
He had a copy of his car key made.
He had a copy of the Quran in Berber.
He had a cousin who lived in Boston.
He had a cramp in his leg.
He had a crowbar.
He had a crush on a Kabyle girl and wanted to marry her.
He had a crush on a Kabyle girl.
He had a crush on her.
He had a crush on his Chinese teacher; but what with all the hormones, he had a crush on just about everyone.
He had a date with her.
He had a date.
He had a daughter.
He had a disfiguring disease.
He had a dog named Rocky.
He had a dog.
He had a dream about coming naked to school.
He had a dream.
He had a drink in his hand.
He had a duplicate key made from that one.
He had a face lift.
He had a falling-out with his friends.
He had a family emergency out of town.
He had a farm somewhere in the lowlands.
He had a fatal accident.
He had a fatal lack of ability to think logically.
He had a few small rooms to rent.
He had a fight in the mosque.
He had a fight with her.
He had a fire in his apartment last night.
He had a fire in his garage last night.
He had a fire in his house last night.
He had a fire in his studio last night.
He had a firm belief in his God.
He had a fixed idea in his head.
He had a full bottle of alcohol.
He had a full bottle of brandy.
He had a full bottle of champagne.
He had a full bottle of coke.
He had a full bottle of juice.
He had a full bottle of olive oil.
He had a full bottle of orange juice.
He had a full bottle of soda.
He had a full bottle of vodka.
He had a full bottle of water.
He had a full bottle of whisky.
He had a full bottle of wine.
He had a funny accent.
He had a funny look on his face.
He had a gentleness that was attractive to women.
He had a gig driving for a car service on the side because he didn't make enough money as a teacher.
He had a good day at the office.
He had a good fortune to marry a beautiful girl.
He had a good idea.
He had a good job.
He had a good laugh about it.
He had a good laugh with me.
He had a good lawyer.
He had a good look at the papers.
He had a good opinion of her.
He had a good personality and handsome too!
He had a good reason to run a red light.
He had a good time in the restaurant.
He had a good time talking to her.
He had a good time talking with her.
He had a good time.
He had a great belief in the doctor.
He had a great career.
He had a great deal of admirers among the students.
He had a great deal to do with the scandal.
He had a great fancy for traveling.
He had a great job.
He had a great reputation.
He had a guilty look.
He had a gun on his person.
He had a gun.
He had a habit of being negative a lot.
He had a habit of walking fast.
He had a hard life.
He had a hard look on his face.
He had a hard time believing all that.
He had a hard time making a living.
He had a hard time making friends at school.
He had a hard time making himself understood at the meeting.
He had a hard time making himself understood in French.
He had a hard time to disengage himself from the gang.
He had a hard time with Berber conjugation.
He had a hard time with Berber pronunciation.
He had a hasty breakfast.
He had a hat on his head.
He had a hat on that was truly strange.
He had a head-on collision with a bus.
He had a headache when he got home.
He had a headache.
He had a healthy campfire going.
He had a heart attack while taking a hot bath.
He had a heart attack!
He had a heart attack.
He had a heated argument with her.
He had a high opinion of her abilities.
He had a hot cup of tea in his hand.
He had a huge apartment in Algiers.
He had a huge influence on the people around him.
He had a huge smile on his face.
He had a hungry look.
He had a job interview in English.
He had a job.
He had a kind manner.
He had a kind word and a pleasant smile for everyone.
He had a kindly manner.
He had a knife, didn't he?
He had a knife.
He had a ladle in his right hand.
He had a large family to support.
He had a late night snack of cheese, cashews, and German natural herb bitters.
He had a leg amputated.
He had a lie-down after dinner.
He had a lipstick stain on his shirt collar.
He had a lisp as a child.
He had a little bit of fame on Instagram.
He had a little bit of money.
He had a little operation on his left leg.
He had a little piano on wheels, and a poor thin monkey which sat on top of it.
He had a long drive home.
He had a long talk with her.
He had a long-distance relationship with a girl from Kabylie, Algeria.
He had a look of hope on his face.
He had a look that mingled fright with surprise.
He had a lot of experience in this field.
He had a lot of friends in Kabylie, Algeria.
He had a lot of fun at work.
He had a lot of fun.
He had a lot of money in the bank.
He had a lot of respect for Islam.
He had a lot of respect for her.
He had a lot of respect for the philosophy of the Nation of Islam.
He had a lot of straight, silvery hair.
He had a lot of suits, but none fit me.
He had a lot of things going around in his mind.
He had a lot of things to do.
He had a lot of time to study the Quran.
He had a lot of work to do.
He had a lot on his mind, so he wasn't paying enough attention to his driving.
He had a lot on his mind.
He had a lot to do with that project.
He had a lot to drink last night.
He had a lot to study for the test.
He had a lovely day at the park.
He had a loving family.
He had a mad crush on you.
He had a magnificent sense of humor.
He had a major crush on her.
He had a man's dress made for her, so that she could ride about with him.
He had a marked passion for culinary delights.
He had a marvelous time with her.
He had a math problem.
He had a math test today.
He had a mild heart attack.
He had a moment of panic.
He had a mortgage.
He had a motive.
He had a moustache.
He had a nap in the mosque.
He had a narrow escape at that fire.
He had a narrow escape from being hit by the truck.
He had a narrow escape in the traffic accident.
He had a narrow escape this afternoon.
He had a narrow escape when he slipped on the stairs.
He had a natural confidence.
He had a near-death experience.
He had a negative experience with some Muslims.
He had a nervous breakdown.
He had a nervous way of looking over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance.
He had a new house built last year.
He had a new idea.
He had a new suit made.
He had a nice chat with her.
He had a nice dinner.
He had a nightmare last night.
He had a normal childhood in Algeria.
He had a notion that she was very angry with him.
He had a pack on his back.
He had a package under his arm.
He had a paintbrush in his hand.
He had a passion for helping those in need.
He had a pen in his hand.
He had a physical book in his hand.
He had a picture taken with her.
He had a piece of bread in his hands.
He had a pistol.
He had a plan.
He had a pleasant journey in Switzerland.
He had a point.
He had a positive experience with Islam.
He had a powerful and massive physique.
He had a prejudice against women drivers.
He had a pretty gnarly gash on his arm.
He had a pretty good feeling about it.
He had a pretty good knowledge about Islam.
He had a pretty hard life.
He had a privileged life in Algeria.
He had a problem while parking.
He had a problem with her.
He had a problem with his car.
He had a problem with the front door key.
He had a problem.
He had a proper wage.
He had a puzzled look on his face.
He had a queer expression on his face.
He had a quick look inside.
He had a quick wash.
He had a radiant smile.
He had a radio.
He had a raging fever.
He had a really bad argument with Mom.
He had a really big match soon.
He had a really positive outlook on life.
He had a reasonable wage.
He had a regular Kabyle accent.
He had a remarkable life.
He had a reputation for carelessness.
He had a reputation for kindness and charity.
He had a revolver in his belt.
He had a rifle.
He had a right to defend himself.
He had a rough childhood.
He had a rough night.
He had a round, curly beard and not a single gray hair.
He had a roundworm in his stool the other day.
He had a run-in with his boss.
He had a sandwich.
He had a scar on his cheek.
He had a scared look on his face.
He had a score to settle with her.
He had a seasoned salad.
He had a second helping of soup.
He had a secret apartment.
He had a secret cabin.
He had a secret he was hiding.
He had a secret house.
He had a secret life.
He had a secret studio.
He had a secret.
He had a seizure.
He had a selfie with Anthony Hopkins.
He had a serious illness in the autumn of 1823.
He had a severe hemorrhage of the stomach.
He had a severe look on his face.
He had a share in completing the job.
He had a sheepish grin on his face when she told him that she had found out his secret.
He had a shitty job with a very low salary.
He had a shitty job.
He had a shot at the goose.
He had a shower before breakfast.
He had a shower.
He had a shunt in his heart.
He had a shutout until the ninth inning.
He had a side job.
He had a silly look on his face.
He had a silly smile on his face the whole evening.
He had a slight edge on his opponent.
He had a slight smile on his face.
He had a small box in his hand.
He had a smile on his face.
He had a smirk on his face.
He had a smug look on his face.
He had a son named Qian.
He had a son out of wedlock.
He had a son with Thora.
He had a son.
He had a sound rationale for his suggestion.
He had a splinted leg and an unaccustomed crutch, and found the steps a difficulty; but Vera put a hand under his elbow and let him lean heavily on her shoulder, and he reached the dream-garden without, I hope, too many twinges.
He had a stomach ache.
He had a stomachache.
He had a stony face, etched by time.
He had a strange dream last night.
He had a strange dream.
He had a strange expression in his eyes that I couldn't decipher.
He had a strange look on his face.
He had a stroke.
He had a strong alibi.
He had a strong stance on the subject.
He had a stunned look on his face.
He had a stupid grin on his face.
He had a successful life in Algeria.
He had a superb debut, appearing in the starting lineup against Qatar with one goal and two assists.
He had a swig of water.
He had a sword by his side, and pistols in his belt.
He had a talent for painting.
He had a tarp in the trunk.
He had a tattoo on his arm.
He had a tattoo on his chest.
He had a tattoo on his neck.
He had a tendency to get overemotional.
He had a tendency to seize on any insecurity he saw.
He had a terrible Kabyle accent.
He had a terrible dream that night.
He had a terrible experience.
He had a thatch of white hair and a red, wrinkled face with blue eyes and a scowl.
He had a thick Kabyle accent.
He had a tiny, furry body with awkward wings.
He had a tortured look.
He had a traffic accident on his way to school.
He had a traffic accident.
He had a tremendous amount of Islam for Islam.
He had a tuberculin test.
He had a very beautiful life.
He had a very beautiful wife.
He had a very dark, fearsome face, and a gleam in his eyes that comes back to me in my dreams.
He had a very funny nickname.
He had a very heavy Kabyle accent.
He had a very heavy study program.
He had a very optimistic attitude on life.
He had a very small amount of what he had.
He had a very strong impact on the history of art.
He had a very thick beard.
He had a violent argument with her.
He had a violent history.
He had a vision for the future.
He had a vision.
He had a watch.
He had a weak point --this Fortunato --although in other regards he was a man to be respected and even feared. He prided himself on his connoisseurship in wine.
He had a weapon.
He had a weird cock, thicker at the base and thin at the end like a parsnip.
He had a weird dream.
He had a whale of a time.
He had a whiff at my fart and fanned it back to me.
He had a white book under his arm.
He had a white cat.
He had a wife and a lovely daughter.
He had a wife, Jasmine, and they had six children.
He had a wonderful memory.
He had a wonderful time in Rome.
He had a wonderfully powerful memory.
He had a work contract.
He had a worried look on his face.
He had a yeoman, but no other servants at that time, because it pleased him to ride that way.
He had a young girl as the target of his attention.
He had access to the papers.
He had all the attributes of a leader.
He had all the qualities of a leader.
He had all the trappings of a great life.
He had almost fallen asleep when he heard someone call his name.
He had almost no formal education.
He had already been there several times.
He had already edited it by the time it came across my desk.
He had already gone.
He had already left.
He had already spent two hours lecturing when she came in.
He had also been a child.
He had also in his train chariots and horsemen: and it was a great company.
He had always been a bit of an oddball.
He had ambition.
He had an A in Berber.
He had an Algerian landlord.
He had an Algerian phone.
He had an Algerian tenant.
He had an F in Berber.
He had an abscess on his tonsil.
He had an absent look on his face.
He had an accent.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He had an accident and fractured a bone.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
He had an accident at work.
He had an accident on his way home.
He had an accident on the freeway.
He had an accident while working.
He had an accident.
He had an aisle seat on the aeroplane.
He had an aisle seat on the plane.
He had an alibi.
He had an annoyed look on his face.
He had an argument with her.
He had an argument with his wife.
He had an assured manner.
He had an asthma attack.
He had an easier time with Berber grammar.
He had an easy time learning Berber.
He had an easy time with Berber vocabulary.
He had an emergency meeting.
He had an emergency.
He had an expensive watch, but he broke it.
He had an extra fridge-freezer in the garage.
He had an idea.
He had an idiosyncratic response to the medication.
He had an inclination to do Berber linguistics.
He had an infection in his belly button.
He had an injection prior to the operation.
He had an intense hatred of his teacher.
He had an interview with the Prime Minister.
He had an issue with Islam.
He had an odd look on his face.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
He had an operation on his left leg.
He had an operation.
He had an oral exam.
He had an out-of-body experience.
He had an undoubted skill and ability to score goals.
He had an unfriendly attitude.
He had an unhappy childhood.
He had an unpleasant expression on his face.
He had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He had an urge to fight somebody.
He had another argument with her.
He had another encounter with that white wolf.
He had another medical emergency.
He had another problem to deal with.
He had arrived two days previously.
He had bad intentions.
He had bad knees.
He had barely enough money to buy bread and milk.
He had barely enough to eat.
He had barely escaped poverty when he became posh and arrogant.
He had barely reached manhood when he married.
He had become entirely lost to his bodily situation during this mental leap, and only got back to it by a rough recalling.
He had been British Consul in Holland, and had seen the workings of the Amsterdam Bourse and the arbitrage business between London and Amsterdam, which was considerable in the middle of the eighteenth century.
He had been Tom's understudy as vice-captain.
He had been a fool to trust her.
He had been a pioneer in California, and could narrate many a strange tale of fortunes made and fortunes lost in those wild, halcyon days.
He had been a practitioner of Aikido for seven years.
He had been a scout too, and a trapper, a silver explorer, and a ranchman.
He had been accustomed to succeed in all that he undertook.
He had been booted out of school.
He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy, so much so that, on dying, he left the place to her for her lifetime, as well as the larger part of his income; an arrangement that was distinctly unfair to his two sons.
He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy.
He had been discharged for medical reasons.
He had been dry for almost a year, but he fell off the wagon around New Year's Day.
He had been dry for almost a year, but he fell off the wagon around New Year’s Day.
He had been embarrassed.
He had been enjoyed the life for forty years and died.
He had been expelled from the team.
He had been her best friend for four months.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
He had been inconvenienced.
He had been living in Nagano for seven years when his daughter was born.
He had been persecuted and despised for his ugliness, and now he heard them say he was the most beautiful of all the birds.
He had been quite furious upon discovering that the "little episode" of the moonlit cottage had filched from him all his new won strength and nervous stamina, leaving him sleepless and unstrung, ready to jump at the rattling of a stone.
He had been reading for two hours when she came in.
He had been repairing the car and looked tired when I arrived home.
He had been reported missing the morning prior.
He had been sick for a long time.
He had been sober for almost a year, but he gave in to temptation around New Year's Day.
He had been sober for almost a year, but he gave in to temptation around New Year’s Day.
He had been there before breakfast.
He had been there before.
He had been there for ten years before he came to Kyoto.
He had been through a lot of difficulties in his youth.
He had been very busy, and still he came to help us.
He had been waiting for her.
He had been walking for hours.
He had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred.
He had been working on his novel for six months when we visited him.
He had been writing a letter.
He had been wrong two out of three times.
He had begun to dress more neatly and speak more grammatically; to look and act more like a spaceman and less like a barfly.
He had bills.
He had bite marks on his forearms.
He had black glasses and they were really thick.
He had blisters on his hands.
He had blond hair, like silk.
He had blood coming out of his nose.
He had blood on his hands.
He had blue eyes with small golden specks.
He had blue eyes.
He had both a fever and chills.
He had both money and fame.
He had bought a dog.
He had bought a sucker at the dollar store.
He had bought into the idea that the brain creates its own consciousness.
He had boxes and boxes of Islamic books.
He had braces at the time.
He had breakfast all alone.
He had breakfast all by himself.
He had breakfast at 6:00.
He had breakfast there.
He had breakfast.
He had bruises all over after the fight.
He had bruises all over his body after the fight.
He had bruises all over his body.
He had burns all over his body.
He had business at his family's home so he went at once.
He had business at his family’s home so he went at once.
He had but one desire: to shrink away and live among the lights and shadows.
He had cake and tea.
He had called the rebels traitors.
He had cancer.
He had chopped some firewood.
He had class.
He had coffee.
He had come back from China.
He had committed to coming, yet he didn't arrive.
He had company.
He had compiled his gripes into a bulleted list.
He had complete mastery over the necessary mathematics formula.
He had consumption.
He had contact with aliens.
He had crazy in his eyes.
He had cut down on sweets.
He had dark brown hair.
He had decided on a new policy.
He had diarrhea for a week.
He had died of natural causes.
He had died on the spot.
He had difficulty answering the question.
He had difficulty finding her.
He had difficulty in finding his way to the hotel.
He had difficulty in hearing and could not walk.
He had difficulty locating her.
He had dinner at my place last night.
He had dinner at the hotel restaurant.
He had dinner by himself.
He had dinner with her.
He had dinner with his parents.
He had discovered a new star.
He had done a great job.
He had done all that a man could do to save the ship, but he believed that his efforts would prove fruitless.
He had done everything to satisfy his beloved's desires, but nothing worked.
He had done his homework when I called on him.
He had dropped behind Du Barry for a moment to tie up his bootlace, and Julie, running girlishly along the moonlit path, bumped violently into his arched back.
He had drunk too much and became offensive.
He had earned a lot of money in New York and went back to his hometown.
He had enough and to spare.
He had enough endurance to run a marathon.
He had enough sense to not go out by himself after dark.
He had enough stamina to run a marathon.
He had enough to do to catch up on his work.
He had enough wisdom to refuse the offer.
He had entertained hopes of being admitted to a sight of the young ladies, of whose beauty he had heard much; but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more fortunate, for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window that he wore a blue coat, and rode a black horse.
He had established a solid reputation as a man of character.
He had every reason for doing so.
He had every reason to do so.
He had every right to be upset.
He had everyone howling with his stories of all his past bloopers.
He had everything going for him.
He had everything he needed.
He had everything he wanted.
He had everything on that computer.
He had everything ready for a cake.
He had excess water in his lungs.
He had extremely pale skin.
He had failed his exams due to not studying enough.
He had failed his exams, because he hadn't studied enough.
He had faith in his cunning, and was certain he'd find the bird.
He had fallen asleep; that's why he wasn't there.
He had fallen in love with her.
He had fallen into a reverie, with the rose between his fingers.
He had fallen into the error of thinking that this girl was an escort.
He had fallen madly in love with her.
He had faults, but despite that I loved him.
He had few friends and little money.
He had few friends there anymore.
He had few other friends.
He had few teeth.
He had fifty dollars.
He had five barrels of wine in the cellar.
He had fled the theater after the murder.
He had forgotten his grocery list.
He had forgotten me, didn't he?
He had forgotten that he had a French lesson today.
He had forgotten this minor detail.
He had forgotten to pick Tom up from baseball practice.
He had found shortcomings in the repair.
He had four aces.
He had friends all over the world.
He had frostbite and lost two toes.
He had frostbite.
He had fun at the party.
He had fun dancing with her.
He had fun last night.
He had fun playing cards with her.
He had fun talking to her.
He had fun talking with her.
He had fun walking in the park with her.
He had fun with her and her friends.
He had fun with her.
He had fun with it.
He had fun.
He had gone abroad to study.
He had gone barely half a mile when he met a lame Fox and a blind Cat, walking together like two good friends. The lame Fox leaned on the Cat, and the blind Cat let the Fox lead him along.
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions.
He had gone to get a haircut, but he'll be back soon.
He had gone to the airport to meet Mr West.
He had good grades in Berber.
He had good reasons for getting angry.
He had got himself so bevvied that he went into the wrong house and flaked out on the sofa.
He had got nationwide fame.
He had gotten so fat that his family used to perform his eulogy at the dinner table every night.
He had graduated from the university and was always showing off.
He had grandparents.
He had gray hair.
He had great influence on those around him.
He had great respect for Islam.
He had great respect for her.
He had grey hair.
He had grown senile recently.
He had grown thin and careworn, and had lost the loud, cheery manner for which he had been remarkable.
He had had a good life.
He had had enough, and threw in the towel.
He had had his old one for more than ten years.
He had hallucinations.
He had handsome dark eyes with long lashes.
He had hardly finished breakfast when the telephone rang.
He had hardly got into bed when he fell asleep.
He had hardly left home when it began to rain.
He had hatred against Muslims.
He had heard people speak contemptuously of money: he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
He had heard some other stories.
He had heard stories about an ancient god who had left his land centuries before by ship.
He had heard that breezes travelled at the rate of ten miles an hour, and the fact now came into his mind. He parted his lips as he faced the north-east, and drew in the wind as if it were a sweet liquor.
He had heard that his friend was dying.
He had heard that war had started, but it didn't sink in for a long time until his father was drafted into the army.
He had heard that war had started, but it didn’t sink in for a long time until his father was drafted into the army.
He had heard wonderful stories about cities of gold with silver trees.
He had heart surgery.
He had her name tattooed on his body.
He had him to sit down on the edge of the bed.
He had his T-shirt on inside out.
He had his appendix removed.
He had his arm broken during the game.
He had his belly button pierced in April and he's still experiencing pain.
He had his brother help him with the gardening.
He had his camera stolen.
He had his car stolen in broad daylight.
He had his car stolen in that parking lot.
He had his car stolen last month.
He had his car stolen last night.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
He had his clarinet tuned.
He had his clothes on inside out.
He had his doubts about Islam.
He had his eyes checked last week.
He had his eyes fixed on a point on the wall.
He had his eyes wide open, but didn't see her.
He had his faults, but I loved him all the same.
He had his fortune told.
He had his girlfriend blow on the dice for luck before he threw them.
He had his hair cut short.
He had his hair cut yesterday.
He had his hair cut.
He had his hair dyed black.
He had his hands all over her.
He had his hands behind his head.
He had his hands cuffed behind him.
He had his hat blown off by the strong wind.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
He had his heart removed from his chest.
He had his homework done before supper.
He had his house painted white.
He had his kids paint the garage.
He had his left leg amputated.
He had his left leg hurt in the accident.
He had his leg bandaged by her.
He had his license taken away because of reckless driving.
He had his motorbike parked in front of the gate.
He had his older sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his only son killed in an automobile accident.
He had his only son killed in the war.
He had his own way over everything.
He had his palm read.
He had his parents die in the plane accident.
He had his piano tuned.
He had his picture taken by her.
He had his picture taken with her.
He had his picture taken.
He had his pocket picked in the crowd.
He had his reasons for doing that.
He had his roof damaged.
He had his secretary make another copy.
He had his secretary translate the letter into English.
He had his secretary translate the letter to English.
He had his secretary type letter.
He had his secretary type letters.
He had his secretary type the report.
He had his secretary write me.
He had his share of luck.
He had his shirt on inside out.
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his socks on inside out.
He had his son die last year.
He had his sore arm dressed.
He had his stern face on.
He had his sweater on inside out.
He had his thirtieth birthday recently.
He had his tonsils removed because they would get inflamed too often.
He had his tooth pulled.
He had his wallet stolen.
He had his way with her.
He had his whole penis in his hand.
He had his wife die two years ago.
He had his wife painted.
He had his wisdom teeth removed.
He had his wisdom teeth taken out.
He had his wisdom tooth removed.
He had his wounds dressed.
He had his younger sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his zipper down and had his dick in his hand.
He had his zipper down.
He had hoped for success, but in fact, he did not succeed.
He had hoped to found a new company after the merger was complete.
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn’t.
He had hoped to succeed, but in reality, he had not.
He had horn-rimmed glasses.
He had huge mood swings.
He had important information for me.
He had influenza.
He had instantly succumbed to his charms.
He had insulted them all.
He had it coming.
He had it right.
He had it wrong.
He had jeans on.
He had jet lag.
He had just arrived when he fell ill.
He had just arrived.
He had just awakened from a deep sleep.
He had just been arrested.
He had just come home when I called.
He had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten.
He had just got here.
He had just got up, and had just finished breakfast.
He had just gotten up and had just finished breakfast.
He had just one goal in life: to become rich.
He had just signed a new contract.
He had kept the secret to himself.
He had known some of them before the war.
He had learned English before he left for England.
He had learnt English before he went to England.
He had led the Republican Party with great success.
He had left Spain for South America with 200 men.
He had left his country one year before.
He had left the bicycle in the rain.
He had left the world's most cosmopolitan city, so anywhere he went was bound to seem provincial.
He had light eyes.
He had limited skills in politics.
He had lit the torch before he entered the cave.
He had little choice.
He had little experience with international issues.
He had little freedom of action.
He had little social life.
He had little to no money.
He had little, if anything, to say.
He had long hair last year.
He had long hair.
He had long harbored a soft spot for me.
He had looked at twenty very much as he looked at sixty, lacking a little of the grayness.
He had lost 20 kilos from dehydration and was suffering from bacillary dysentery.
He had lost all faith in his ability to succeed.
He had lost all hope.
He had lost all political power.
He had lost his flute in a village brawl, and being too poor to buy a new instrument had to content himself in relating wonderful legends concerning the gods, and stirring tales about the jungle people.
He had lost track.
He had lots of words and few actions.
He had lunch in the classroom.
He had lunch outside with her.
He had lunch with Skura.
He had lunch with her.
He had lunch.
He had made enemies during his early political life.
He had made good as a singer and he became very popular.
He had many capillaries burst in his legs.
He had many enemies.
He had many good friends there.
He had many political enemies.
He had many pornographic magazines in his room.
He had married two years ago, and had taken his wife to live at Styles.
He had married young, when he was still a sophomore, and now his wife seemed one and a half years older than him.
He had math that afternoon.
He had me get on my knees.
He had met his wife before he took shahada.
He had mixed ancestry: Algerian, Turkish, and Italian.
He had more pressing concerns.
He had more than enough money.
He had much more than brute force: he was a skilled and terrific basher.
He had much to do with the project.
He had national welfare at heart.
He had nausea?
He had never been kissed before.
He had never been to Spain, but he had a complete toreador's kit—a bargain which he had picked up for a mere song in the Boulevard du Temple.
He had never been upstairs in his own house since the spring he helped Marilla paper the spare bedroom, and that was four years ago.
He had never canceled an appointment before.
He had never eaten an enchilada, but it was time to try.
He had never experienced real pain. The same could not, however, be said for his wife.
He had never forgiven AdÃ©laÃ¯de for not having those heavy breasts, those wide buttocks that are a credit to families.
He had never forgiven Adélaïde for not having those heavy breasts, those wide buttocks that are a credit to families.
He had never kissed a girl before he kissed her.
He had never kissed a girl before.
He had never kissed a guy before.
He had never kissed anyone before.
He had never really paid attention to her.
He had never said as much before, and I must admit that his words gave me keen pleasure, for I had often been piqued by his indifference to my admiration.
He had never seen a garden like it before.
He had never seen a garden like it.
He had never seen her laugh.
He had never seen such a bad boy.
He had never studied English before he went to the United States.
He had never traveled outside his home city.
He had never violated the personal space of another human being in all of his life.
He had new tires put on his car.
He had nightmares.
He had no Muslim friends.
He had no alibi.
He had no appetite because of his illness.
He had no appetite because of the heat.
He had no chance to defend himself.
He had no chance to express himself.
He had no chance to visit us.
He had no choice but to do as he was told.
He had no choice but to do it.
He had no choice but to follow her.
He had no choice but to give up school because of poverty.
He had no choice but to jump out of the window.
He had no choice but to leave the room.
He had no choice but to run away.
He had no choice but to support her.
He had no choice.
He had no clothes on him at all.
He had no clothes other than what he was wearing.
He had no coat on.
He had no commitment to Islam.
He had no confidence to do it.
He had no conscience.
He had no desire to argue with her.
He had no desire to go out with her.
He had no desire to kiss her.
He had no desire to stay home by himself.
He had no desire to travel as his wife wanted them to.
He had no difficulty explaining the mystery.
He had no difficulty in explaining the mystery.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
He had no difficulty in solving the problem.
He had no difficulty solving the problem.
He had no difficulty swimming across the river.
He had no distinguishing features.
He had no enemies.
He had no expectation of winning.
He had no family.
He had no fear.
He had no food.
He had no friend from whom he could borrow the money.
He had no friend to help him.
He had no friend to talk to.
He had no friends at all save the wandering gypsies.
He had no friends, no money, no home...but he played happily all the same.
He had no hat on.
He had no hesitation about killing the bird for food.
He had no hopes of winning.
He had no house to live in.
He had no idea about Islam.
He had no idea as to what she had in mind.
He had no idea how to raise a child.
He had no idea how to take care of a baby.
He had no idea she was gay.
He had no idea that guy was even behind him.
He had no idea that millions of toiling, striving human creatures existed.
He had no idea what had happened.
He had no idea what he should do.
He had no idea what he should tell her.
He had no idea what he was doing.
He had no idea what he was in for.
He had no idea what he was supposed to do.
He had no idea what she was talking about.
He had no idea what these words meant.
He had no idea what to do.
He had no idea what to expect.
He had no idea where he was.
He had no idea why his wife left him.
He had no idea.
He had no illusions about the London police. Indeed, he was collecting evidence of their malpractices; and those costermongers, not allowed to stand their barrows in the streets; and prostitutes, good Lord, the fault wasn't in them, nor in young men either, but in our detestable social system and so forth; all of which he considered, could be seen considering, grey, dogged, dapper, clean, as he walked across the Park to tell his wife that he loved her.
He had no intention of assisting my job.
He had no intention of going there by himself.
He had no intention of harming her.
He had no intention of helping her.
He had no intention of marrying her.
He had no intention of quarreling with her.
He had no intention of seeing that woman.
He had no intention of starting his new life bemoaning everything that had vanished.
He had no intention of waiting for three hours.
He had no interest in communicating with anyone.
He had no interest in doing any of it.
He had no knowledge whatsoever about Islam.
He had no luck in finding work.
He had no memory of the accident.
He had no money and so could not buy any food.
He had no money to buy the farm.
He had no money with him then.
He had no money.
He had no more doubts about what to do.
He had no more than 10,000 yen.
He had no more than one hundred yen with him.
He had no motive to kill her.
He had no notion of leaving his hometown.
He had no objection.
He had no one but himself to blame.
He had no one to blame but himself.
He had no one to help him.
He had no one to tell his story to.
He had no original ideas of his own - everything was purloined from other writers.
He had no other choice but to choose the names randomly.
He had no other clothing than that which he was wearing then.
He had no other option.
He had no other resource but to run away.
He had no part in the scandal.
He had no particular flair for politics.
He had no particular reason to go there.
He had no place to live.
He had no plans of saying yes.
He had no problem at all getting a visa for Algeria.
He had no problems with her.
He had no qualms in doing so.
He had no reason to be angry.
He had no reason to be jealous.
He had no reason to do so.
He had no reason to lie.
He had no reason to steal, since he has enough money.
He had no recollection of how he got there.
He had no regrets.
He had no right to do what he did.
He had no right to make you upset.
He had no roof over his head.
He had no sensitivity for how I felt.
He had no snow chains with him.
He had no sons.
He had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
He had no sooner gone out of the room than all of them burst out laughing.
He had no sooner got the letter than tore it in two.
He had no sooner heard the news than he began to cry.
He had no success in solving the problem.
He had no thought of becoming a teacher.
He had no time to catch his breath.
He had no time to grieve.
He had no time when his mother told him to work.
He had no way of knowing when he would see her again.
He had no way out.
He had nobody to tell his story to.
He had not accepted responsibility for the failure of the team.
He had not been a strong president.
He had not been abroad for one month before he was taken ill.
He had not been employed by the company three years before he become a director.
He had not been employed by the company two years before his linguistic abilities were recognized.
He had not been employed two months before he was fired.
He had not been in Tokyo a month when he got homesick.
He had not even known that she was sick.
He had not even spoken to the president about it.
He had not expected this.
He had not gone through all that hard training for nothing â€“ he won first prize.
He had not gone through all that hard training for nothing – he won first prize.
He had not kept his bowels and nervous system, all his life long, under the influence of rum, tobacco, opium, coffee, tea, or highly seasoned food. He did not it is true, wholly deny himself any one of these, except opium and tobacco; but he only used them occasionally, and even then in great moderation. Nor was it from mere indigence, or culpable stinginess that he ate and drank, for the most part in a healthful manner. It seemed to be from a conviction of the necessity of being "temperate in all things;" and that such a course as he pursued tended to hardihood.
He had not realized how much he had been afraid.
He had not remained there long when Chloe came to the spring with the sheep and the goats, leaving Daphnis engaged in cutting some green leaves as fodder for the kids in the evening.
He had not swum more than a few yards before one of the skulking ground sharks had him fast by the upper part of the thigh.
He had not the least shame in telling his story.
He had not yet ended these words within himself, and behold Rebecca came out, the daughter of Bathuel, son of Melcha, wife to Nachor the brother of Abraham, having a pitcher on her shoulder.
He had nothing else to say to her.
He had nothing in common with her.
He had nothing in his hands.
He had nothing left to live for.
He had nothing to do with it.
He had nothing to do with the case.
He had nothing to do with the scandal.
He had nothing to do yesterday.
He had nothing to eat.
He had nothing to lose.
He had nothing to say, so he left.
He had nothing to say, so he went away.
He had nothing to say, so he withdrew.
He had nothing to tell.
He had nothing while alive, he left nothing when he died.
He had nothing.
He had nowhere else to go.
He had nowhere to live.
He had nowhere to return to.
He had of late been bombarded with dunning letters from tradesmen; for during his University life, and ever since, he had run into debt.
He had offered to drive her home.
He had often visited Europe before that time.
He had once again drunk one over the eight.
He had one child.
He had one daughter.
He had one goal.
He had one of his legs amputated.
He had one of his neighbors take care of his house.
He had one of his socks on inside out.
He had one wish.
He had only himself to blame for the failure.
He had only one hundred yen on him.
He had only one hundred yen with him.
He had only three or four days left, no more.
He had other things on his mind.
He had pale lips.
He had part of his atrium ablated because he had an abnormal heartbeat.
He had picked from a drawer a little tarnished cylinder, and, undoing the tape, he handed me a short note scrawled upon a half-sheet of slate-grey paper.
He had planned for this.
He had plenty of fight left in him.
He had plenty of food.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He had plenty of time to do that.
He had plenty of time to think.
He had polite manners.
He had precious little to say on the subject.
He had precious little to say on the topic.
He had pretended to be dead, disappeared from the face of the Earth.
He had pretty eyes.
He had problems dealing with her.
He had problems with her.
He had problems with his temper.
He had promised to stay out of politics.
He had proposed to me in front of the church.
He had purchased a lollipop at the dollar store.
He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though his verses never had any marked success.
He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine.
He had questions.
He had rather gangly limbs as a boy.
He had reached the limits of his patience.
He had read that letter dozens of times, in fact he knew every word on the typewritten page by heart, but he read it again now in the hope of finding some additional meaning between the lines.
He had really come to get gold.
He had reasons to be upset with her.
He had reckoned without his host.
He had red spots all over his body.
He had refused to compromise on the issue.
He had respiratory problems.
He had returned to England forever.
He had said nothing during the debate.
He had sandwiches for lunch.
He had sat down for a moment to rest his weary legs when he glanced up suddenly, becoming aware of an elderly woman there in front of him.
He had sat down for a moment to rest his weary legs when, glancing up suddenly, he became aware of an elderly woman there in front of him.
He had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured.
He had school today.
He had scientific attainments, but he didn't even know it.
He had scratches on his arms.
He had scratches on his face.
He had seldom seen a child with so much talent.
He had served as a congressman and senator.
He had sex with Skura.
He had sex with her.
He had shorts on.
He had six months of vacation.
He had so many bruises he looked like he had been rolled down a hill in a barrel.
He had so many things he wanted to say to her.
He had so much potential.
He had some Muslim friends in the neighborhood.
He had some car troubles.
He had some coffee.
He had some dried figs with oil and bread.
He had some fun.
He had some good ideas.
He had some money in an account that he'd set aside for his kids.
He had some money in an account that he’d set aside for his kids.
He had some problems dealing with her.
He had some questions about Islam.
He had some rice for supper.
He had some stuff stolen.
He had some sympathy for the child.
He had some tea and muffins with that old lady.
He had some things stolen.
He had some tricks up his sleeve.
He had some urgent news to tell me.
He had some.
He had something else in mind.
He had something else on his mind.
He had something he needed to tell her.
He had something he wanted to show her.
He had something in his hand.
He had something like that in mind.
He had something of the hero in his nature.
He had something stolen.
He had something that I didn't have - faith.
He had something that I didn’t have - faith.
He had something to deal with at home, so he left immediately.
He had something to sort out at home, so he left straight away.
He had something very important to tell her.
He had special training so he could teach learning disabled students.
He had sprung to his feet with a mad rage in his eyes.
He had steak and fried potatoes.
He had strength, and that struck me.
He had strong religious beliefs.
He had such a bad headache that he had to cancel the meeting.
He had such a bright future ahead of him.
He had such a headache that he was forced to abandon the meeting.
He had suffered a heart attack.
He had suffered some failures.
He had surgery on his left leg.
He had surgery on his right leg.
He had surgery several times last year.
He had surgery.
He had suspicions.
He had taken a picture.
He had taken care of himself.
He had taken me aside for a private conversation.
He had taken this legend which I have read you exceedingly to heart—so much so that, although he would walk in his own grounds, nothing would induce him to go out upon the moor at night.
He had taken to drinking more than was good for him.
He had tears in his eyes.
He had that crazed look in his eyes.
He had that distinct Kabyle accent.
He had that hard look about him.
He had the ambition to be a great politician.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
He had the answer all along.
He had the appearance of a sportsman.
He had the appearance of being half-starved.
He had the audience at his feet.
He had the bad habit of drinking too much wine.
He had the biggest smile on his face.
He had the blankets pulled over his head.
He had the boldness to ignore my advice.
He had the boldness to ignore the teacher's advice.
He had the boldness to ignore the teacher’s advice.
He had the car fixed in no time at all.
He had the cheek to ask me to help him.
He had the collywobbles.
He had the computer with him during that time.
He had the courage to decline the offer.
He had the courage to expose the scandal.
He had the courage to say it.
He had the expertise I was looking for desperately.
He had the face of a daifuku.
He had the face to tell me to clear off.
He had the fortune to find a job.
He had the fortune to marry a nice girl.
He had the front and back stamped.
He had the gall to ignore my advice.
He had the gas cut off.
He had the gift of prophecy.
He had the golden touch!
He had the good fortune to be rescued from the burning building.
He had the good fortune to find a good wife.
He had the good fortune to marry a pretty girl.
He had the goodness to come all the way to see me.
He had the gratification of seeing his son graduate from collage.
He had the gumption to take my car without asking.
He had the habit of always telling the truth.
He had the habit of biting his fingernails.
He had the honor of being presented to a great writer.
He had the house renovated.
He had the house repainted.
He had the illusion that he was a genius.
He had the impudence to cut across our garden.
He had the impudence to deny his involvement.
He had the jitters.
He had the jump on me.
He had the kindness to find me a job.
He had the kindness to help me with my work.
He had the kindness to help me.
He had the kindness to lend me his car when mine broke down.
He had the kindness to show me the way to the theater.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He had the kindness to supply me with my school expenses.
He had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
He had the knack of calling in favours.
He had the last laugh.
He had the luck to catch the train.
He had the magical gift of wringing a hundred pounds from a plutocrat with the air of conferring a graceful favour.
He had the maid sweep his room.
He had the majority he needed.
He had the mind of a preschooler.
He had the misfortune to lose all his money.
He had the misfortune to lose his son.
He had the nerve to ask for money.
He had the nerve to ask me for help.
He had the nerve to ask me to help him.
He had the nerve to ask me to marry him.
He had the nerve to say that.
He had the nerve to show up after he fucked my best friend.
He had the nerve to take my car without asking.
He had the nerve to yell at the judge.
He had the old machine fixed.
He had the perfect life.
He had the place to himself.
He had the presence of mind to get the car's license number.
He had the presumption to reject my proposal.
He had the privilege of a private education.
He had the privilege of studying abroad for two years.
He had the right idea.
He had the right to defend himself.
He had the role of narrating the television drama.
He had the room to himself.
He had the same exact feelings that I had.
He had the sensation that he was still on the waves.
He had the stupidity to try to help Carlo.
He had the table to himself.
He had the time of his life.
He had the whole campsite to himself.
He had the whole house to himself.
He had the whole place to himself.
He had the whole room to himself.
He had them delivered.
He had things he needed to do.
He had this dog for over fourteen years.
He had this stupid habit of slouching against any available surface.
He had thought about a lot of things.
He had thought about many things.
He had thought of a lot of things.
He had thought of many things.
He had thought to marry her.
He had three bullet wounds in his chest.
He had three helpings of couscous.
He had three of his friends with him.
He had three people with him.
He had three pieces of baggage.
He had three servants to wait on him.
He had three sisters, but two died when they were very young.
He had three sons who became doctors.
