Ziri yelled out that he had found something.
Ziri yelled out to Rima to see if she was awake.
Ziri yelled out: "Police!"
Ziri yelled something obscene at Rima.
Ziri yelled.
Ziri zipped his tent back up.
Ziri zipped open his tent.
Ziri zipped the bag open and found money in it.
Ziri's Algerian foster family is from Kabylie.
Ziri's Berber class is amazing.
Ziri's Berber course is online.
Ziri's Berber dictionary is less than four hundred dinars.
Ziri's Berber has improved tremendously.
Ziri's Berber is a lot better.
Ziri's Berber is anything but good.
Ziri's Berber is awful.
Ziri's Berber is pretty advanced.
Ziri's Berber is so bad.
Ziri's Berber is so bad. What is he doing here?
Ziri's Berber isn't good enough.
Ziri's Berber sounds natural.
Ziri's Berber speech is unclear.
Ziri's Berber started declining.
Ziri's Berber teacher asked Rima to sit next to him.
Ziri's Berber teacher walked in.
Ziri's Berber-language skills were better.
Ziri's Christmas tree is so beautiful.
Ziri's English teacher is a certified asshole.
Ziri's English teacher was so stuck up. He looked like he had a stick up his butt.
Ziri's Facebook account popped up.
Ziri's GPS went out.
Ziri's German Shepherd instantly started barking.
Ziri's Halloween costume reminded Rima of the Grim Reaper.
Ziri's Instagram has no pictures of females.
Ziri's Kabyle accent is so cool.
Ziri's Labrador charged at Rima.
Ziri's RV is high on wheels.
Ziri's SUV was tailgating Rima's car.
Ziri's Spaniel is lovely.
Ziri's YouTube channel became famous.
Ziri's YouTube channel didn't have content.
Ziri's YouTube channel is so well.
Ziri's YouTube channel isn't doing as well.
Ziri's YouTube channel skyrocketed.
Ziri's YouTube channel started to pick up speed.
Ziri's YouTube channel started to take off a little bit.
Ziri's YouTube channel went from nothing to millions of subscribers.
Ziri's YouTube videos combine almost 400 million views.
Ziri's abandonment issues have reached a pathological level.
Ziri's abilities were nothing to Rima.
Ziri's absence was hardly noticed.
Ziri's acting has to be flawless.
Ziri's acting was so horrible.
Ziri's actions affected his family.
Ziri's actions will have consequences.
Ziri's actions will only worsen Rima's situation.
Ziri's adrenaline was flowing.
Ziri's adrenaline was going through the roof.
Ziri's adrenaline was pumping.
Ziri's advice helped Rima get her friends back.
Ziri's agency was contacted by a woman called Rima.
Ziri's air conditioner is dirty.
Ziri's air conditioner is very expensive to repair.
Ziri's air conditioner needs regular maintenance.
Ziri's air conditioner still leaks.
Ziri's allegations are being verified.
Ziri's and Rima's cats started a friendly relationship.
Ziri's and Rima's faces were closer.
Ziri's and Rima's fingers were interlaced.
Ziri's and Rima's names don't even start with the same letters.
Ziri's and Rima's situations were similar.
Ziri's and Rima's stories sound very similar.
Ziri's anger calmed down.
Ziri's anger diminished.
Ziri's anger melted away.
Ziri's answer was a solid no.
Ziri's answer was an instant yes.
Ziri's anxiety began to increase with every passing second.
Ziri's anxiety only got worse over the years.
Ziri's apartment is abandoned.
Ziri's apartment was being renovated.
Ziri's apartment was huge.
Ziri's apology did not feel warm or genuine.
Ziri's apology doesn't feel sincere.
Ziri's app is completely free.
Ziri's appetite seemed to have disappeared.
Ziri's approach was different.
Ziri's approval ratings plummeted.
Ziri's archenemies are in the same picture.
Ziri's arm started puffing up.
Ziri's arms are broken.
Ziri's arrival was not met with joy.
Ziri's article was never publish.
Ziri's asthma got triggered every time he was stressed.
Ziri's attention was entirely focused on Rima.
Ziri's attention was fluttering around, busy with thoughts of what happened that day.
Ziri's attention was shattered.
Ziri's attention was suddenly drawn away from Rima.
Ziri's attic became a cozy reading nook.
Ziri's attitude suddenly changed.
Ziri's attitude was so mean.
Ziri's awkwardness made Rima laugh.
Ziri's baby daughter is so cute.
Ziri's baby was in its blanket.
Ziri's babysitter was about his mother's age.
Ziri's babysitter was also a housekeeper.
Ziri's back and chest were covered in bruises.
Ziri's back left tire was flat.
Ziri's backpack was lighter.
Ziri's backyard smells of shit.
Ziri's bag is so small.
Ziri's bag should be over here.
Ziri's ball is in the attic.
Ziri's ball is in the backyard.
Ziri's ball is in the basement.
Ziri's ball is on the porch.
Ziri's balloon became tangled in the tree branches.
Ziri's balloon floated across the room, catching everyone's attention.
Ziri's balloon made a cheerful squeaky noise when squeezed.
Ziri's balloon popped suddenly, startling everyone.
Ziri's balloon slipped away and drifted into the trees.
Ziri's bar was closed.
Ziri's bar was shut down and its license revoked.
Ziri's barbecue is burning.
Ziri's barbecue is really good.
Ziri's barbecue is so yummy.
Ziri's barbecue tastes better.
Ziri's barbecue was terrible.
Ziri's basement has a small kitchen area.
Ziri's bat was in the car.
Ziri's bathroom door slammed shut.
Ziri's battery went bad.
Ziri's beach house was very secluded.
Ziri's beautiful life ended before it even started.
Ziri's became unrecognizable.
Ziri's bed began shaking and squeaking.
Ziri's bedroom was spotless.
Ziri's behavior put Rima on edge.
Ziri's behavior was getting weirder.
Ziri's behavior was not normal.
Ziri's belongings were not safe.
Ziri's best friend doesn't live there anymore.
Ziri's best friend is annoying.
Ziri's best friend lived pretty close.
Ziri's best friend since childhood was Walid.
Ziri's best friend was Walid.
Ziri's bike has no training wheels.
Ziri's bike is still there, just rotting away in the undergrowth.
Ziri's bike was in the basement of the building.
Ziri's bills are no longer Rima's problem.
Ziri's birth mom came back for him.
Ziri's birthday came soon.
Ziri's birthday celebration didn't go well.
Ziri's birthday fell during a weekday.
Ziri's birthmark is on his back and it's the size of Africa.
Ziri's blackberry syrup was too thick.
Ziri's blackberry syrup was warm and thick.
Ziri's bladder was screaming and he needed to go to the bathroom immediately.
Ziri's bladder was screaming and he needed to go to the restroom immediately.
Ziri's blaring horn gave a deafening Doppler effect as his semi-trailer passed.
Ziri's blood began to run cold.
Ziri's blood was running cold.
Ziri's blue T-shirt was still there.
Ziri's boat hit the dirt.
Ziri's boat was filling with water.
Ziri's body began to move before he could stop it.
Ziri's body discovered by a handful of turkey hunters.
Ziri's body felt cold.
Ziri's body fully ignited in flames.
Ziri's body is so tired.
Ziri's body lay completely still.
Ziri's body relaxed.
Ziri's body shivered uncontrollably.
Ziri's body started to decompose.
Ziri's body suddenly shook.
Ziri's body tensed up.
Ziri's body was covered by a passing snowstorm.
Ziri's body was covered with newspapers.
Ziri's body was decomposing.
Ziri's body was discovered by the villagers.
Ziri's body was found by a jogger.
Ziri's body was found by his own kids.
Ziri's body was found charred.
Ziri's body was found floating in the river.
Ziri's body was found in the garage.
Ziri's body was found in the immediate area.
Ziri's body was found the day after.
Ziri's body was in a strange state.
Ziri's body was never identified.
Ziri's body was torn up.
Ziri's body was wrapped in many layers of blankets.
Ziri's bodyguard was not an ordinary human.
Ziri's bones got stiff and sore.
Ziri's bones turned to ash in the blaze.
Ziri's book can help you.
Ziri's book dropped and made a tapping noise.
Ziri's books are collecting dust.
Ziri's boss asked him to bring more coffee.
Ziri's boss called him into his office.
Ziri's boss didn't say anything.
Ziri's boss dismissed him every time he tried to talk.
Ziri's boss found out.
Ziri's boss gave him a piece of his mind.
Ziri's boss is coming in next week.
Ziri's boss is here.
Ziri's boss panicked.
Ziri's boss threatened to suspend him.
Ziri's boss was a total douche.
Ziri's boss was rarely there.
Ziri's boss wasn't very happy.
Ziri's box is so small.
Ziri's brain is his greatest strength.
Ziri's brand new iPhone is gone.
Ziri's breathing began to slow.
Ziri's brigade operated under a total blackout.
Ziri's brother can move in.
Ziri's brother is missing.
Ziri's brother is with Rima.
Ziri's brother was given away to another family.
Ziri's brother was gross.
Ziri's brother was such a weirdo.
Ziri's brothers have messed up again.
Ziri's brothers were constantly bossing him around.
Ziri's brothers were jerks.
Ziri's buckets are filled with potatoes.
Ziri's buddy snored very loudly.
Ziri's building had soaring towers.
Ziri's bus came.
Ziri's bus is here.
Ziri's business began to spiral out of control.
Ziri's business improved because of Rima.
Ziri's business is growing.
Ziri's business is magically doing amazing again.
Ziri's business was improving.
Ziri's business will continue to be tax-reduced for the next four years.
Ziri's buzzer is really loud.
Ziri's cabin is in a little patch of woods.
Ziri's cabin is on a steep hill.
Ziri's cabin isn't for sale.
Ziri's cabin isn't on the map.
Ziri's cafe was in flames.
Ziri's call was a game changer for me.
Ziri's camera was found in the woods.
Ziri's camera was going bad.
Ziri's camera was open.
Ziri's camp is just there.
Ziri's camp was already set up.
Ziri's camp was set up and his food was on fire.
Ziri's campsite was completely ransacked.
Ziri's can of soda exploded on Rima.
Ziri's cancer attacked different parts of his body.
Ziri's canines were very decayed.
Ziri's caption was mocking Rima and Yazid.
Ziri's car crashed.
Ziri's car has been acting up strange since the morning.
Ziri's car has been missing since yesterday.
Ziri's car is broken.
Ziri's car is fast.
Ziri's car is gone.
Ziri's car is gray.
Ziri's car is grey.
Ziri's car is high on wheels.
Ziri's car is registered in Algeria.
Ziri's car is too expensive to maintain.
Ziri's car started turning and rolling.
Ziri's car started with ease.
Ziri's car stopped making that sound.
Ziri's car was beeping to signal the doors were open.
Ziri's car was completely different from his usual Audi.
Ziri's car was empty.
Ziri's car was found in working condition.
Ziri's car was in the ditch.
Ziri's car was in the parking tall.
Ziri's car was locked.
Ziri's car was nowhere to be seen.
Ziri's car was parked near the shack.
Ziri's car was ready to go.
Ziri's car was still running.
Ziri's car was stolen.
Ziri's car was supposed to be in the wash at four.
Ziri's carburetor is shaking.
Ziri's career as an actor is over.
Ziri's career is at stake.
Ziri's career is over.
Ziri's career took off.
Ziri's career was over and gone forever.
Ziri's cat always buries his poop.
Ziri's cat always covers his poop.
Ziri's cat ate the lizard.
Ziri's cat began a bit of harmless play fighting.
Ziri's cat began smurgling the pillow.
Ziri's cat began to groom Rima's and hit a painful spot in her stomach.
Ziri's cat bit him really hard.
Ziri's cat brings back about four kills a week. He usually kills lizards, frogs, sparrows, mice, and centipedes.
Ziri's cat brings home dead animals almost every day.
Ziri's cat brings in dead animals almost every day.
Ziri's cat buries its poop and pee.
Ziri's cat came and lay down on his chest.
Ziri's cat came home with a dead lizard.
Ziri's cat can even kill rabbits.
Ziri's cat completely stopped eating cat food.
Ziri's cat developed wounds.
Ziri's cat did a quick patrol of the neighborhood.
Ziri's cat doesn't bury his poop.
Ziri's cat doesn't eat cat food.
Ziri's cat enjoys that toy.
Ziri's cat even kills rabbits occasionally.
Ziri's cat feeds on mice.
Ziri's cat fell asleep on his arm.
Ziri's cat gets very aggressive when you play with it.
Ziri's cat got too agitated.
Ziri's cat has a healthy appearance.
Ziri's cat has astounding hunting techniques.
Ziri's cat has good litter habits.
Ziri's cat has some unusual hunting techniques.
Ziri's cat hunts at night.
Ziri's cat is a big killer.
Ziri's cat is a talented piano player.
Ziri's cat is a timid hunter.
Ziri's cat is aggressive.
Ziri's cat is always licking itself.
Ziri's cat is an excellent hunter.
Ziri's cat is beautiful.
Ziri's cat is four years old.
Ziri's cat is healthy.
Ziri's cat is ill.
Ziri's cat is napping in the basket.
Ziri's cat is old.
Ziri's cat is the terror of the block.
Ziri's cat is too aggressive.
Ziri's cat is very picky about food.
Ziri's cat is well fed.
Ziri's cat isn't covering its waste.
Ziri's cat isn't in the mood for petting.
Ziri's cat isn't scared of rats.
Ziri's cat kept doing that.
Ziri's cat killed Rima's parrot.
Ziri's cat killed a crow.
Ziri's cat killed a sparrow.
Ziri's cat killed four rats in less than two weeks.
Ziri's cat killed no less than forty birds last month.
Ziri's cat kills chicks.
Ziri's cat kills countless small mammals, birds, and reptiles.
Ziri's cat kills many mice.
Ziri's cat kills pigeons.
Ziri's cat kills rats.
Ziri's cat licked itself in that area until it injured his skin.
Ziri's cat lives outdoors.
Ziri's cat looks great in a T-shirt.
Ziri's cat loves attention.
Ziri's cat loves that.
Ziri's cat never goes hungry.
Ziri's cat never kills birds.
Ziri's cat performs particularly challenging feats.
Ziri's cat plays aggressively.
Ziri's cat plays less aggressively.
Ziri's cat plays very aggressively.
Ziri's cat pooped in Rima's backyard.
Ziri's cat pooped in Rima's garden.
Ziri's cat pooped on Rima's couch.
Ziri's cat prefers to eat from the floor.
Ziri's cat purrs a lot.
Ziri's cat purrs very loud.
Ziri's cat pushed the glass off to the floor.
Ziri's cat ran away.
Ziri's cat remained in a safe environment.
Ziri's cat scratch continued healing.
Ziri's cat scratched his arm.
Ziri's cat seemed agitated.
Ziri's cat seemed nervous about something.
Ziri's cat seems to love attention.
Ziri's cat smelt his litter.
Ziri's cat started hissing.
Ziri's cat started to bite Rima.
Ziri's cat started urinating often.
Ziri's cat suffers from some sort of asthma.
Ziri's cat was a big killer.
Ziri's cat was acting so weird.
Ziri's cat was dying.
Ziri's cat was focused on the birds that were flying by the window.
Ziri's cat was injured.
Ziri's cat was licking his hand.
Ziri's cat was licking its abdomen.
Ziri's cat was licking itself.
Ziri's cat was losing hair.
Ziri's cat was making a strange noise.
Ziri's cat was meowing much louder than usual.
Ziri's cat was playing in the backyard.
Ziri's cat was purring because he was nervous about something.
Ziri's cat was purring by his side.
Ziri's cat was purring loudly to get his attention.
Ziri's cat was purring with pleasure.
Ziri's cat was scratching in the box.
Ziri's cat was semi-wild because of the area he lived in.
Ziri's cat was staring at the birds that were flying by the window.
Ziri's cat was starving.
Ziri's cat was stuck in the crawlspace.
Ziri's cat was teaching her kittens to hunt.
Ziri's cat was wounded.
Ziri's cat wears bells.
Ziri's cats preferred the old place.
Ziri's cellphone exploded in his pocket.
Ziri's cellphone rang.
Ziri's cellphone was lost.
Ziri's cellphone wasn't there.
Ziri's channel started to grow.
Ziri's cheeks grew red.
Ziri's cheeks were red.
Ziri's cherries are larger.
Ziri's cherry tree is very high.
Ziri's chest got all tight.
Ziri's child is with us.
Ziri's children misbehaved.
Ziri's china was stolen.
Ziri's classmates came in.
Ziri's classmates made fun of him.
Ziri's classmates remained frozen in their seats.
Ziri's closet was messy.
Ziri's clothes are drying in sunlight.
Ziri's clothes are here.
Ziri's clothes got wet from the damp vegetation.
Ziri's clothes need a good wash.
Ziri's clothes really were fashionable.
Ziri's clothes smelled like flowers.
Ziri's clothes were awesome.
Ziri's clothes were colorful and bright.
Ziri's clothes were dirty.
Ziri's clothes were freshly laundered.
Ziri's clothes were in the closet.
Ziri's clothes were neatly pressed.
Ziri's clothes were old and ragged.
Ziri's clothes were ruined.
Ziri's clothes were scattered everywhere.
Ziri's clothes were still damp.
Ziri's clothing didn't have a bit of dirt on them.
Ziri's club is making history.
Ziri's club still exists.
Ziri's club was packed even on weekdays.
Ziri's club was so packed.
Ziri's co-workers picked on him.
Ziri's coffee always has extra cream.
Ziri's coffee brightens early mornings.
Ziri's coffee cup is always full.
Ziri's coffee habit is strong.
Ziri's coffee is always hot.
Ziri's coffee is too strong today.
Ziri's college future is at stake.
Ziri's comedy contains vulgarity.
Ziri's comics came out.
Ziri's comment made Rima erupt in laughter.
Ziri's comments started to hurt Rima less.
Ziri's commute consisted mostly in driving through flatland.
Ziri's company acquired Rima's business.
Ziri's company builds luxury apartments in Algeria.
Ziri's company handles events.
Ziri's company has its headquarters in Algiers.
Ziri's company has offered him a job in Algeria.
Ziri's company is headquartered in Algiers.
Ziri's company is highly indebted.
Ziri's company leased a piece of land from the local government.
Ziri's company needs a good online presence.
Ziri's company ran new tests.
Ziri's company was paying well.
Ziri's company went solar.
Ziri's computer was still switched on.
Ziri's computer wasn't working.
Ziri's condition didn't seem to get any better.
Ziri's condition improved.
Ziri's condition will go away with time.
Ziri's confession confused Rima.
Ziri's confession is real.
Ziri's confession shocked Rima.
Ziri's constant calls don't let Rima sleep peacefully at night.
Ziri's conversion to Islam was a very interesting experience.
Ziri's cooking was praised by the entire table.
Ziri's country has been affected a lot by low temperatures lately.
Ziri's couscous recipe saves us time.
Ziri's cow died from a disease.
Ziri's crazy ways chased Rima far away from him.
Ziri's curiosity could have gotten him killed.
Ziri's curiosity was overpowering his fear.
Ziri's curiosity was way too strong.
Ziri's curtains were still open.
Ziri's dad and his stepmom are getting back together.
Ziri's dad and mom split up.
Ziri's dad came back.
Ziri's dad died in 2004.
Ziri's dad disappeared when he was young.
Ziri's dad gave him the beating of his life.
Ziri's dad got a call from the headmaster, saying that he wanted to see him.
Ziri's dad has veto power.
Ziri's dad is now in heaven.
Ziri's dad now works with Rima's.
Ziri's dad passed away from cancer.
Ziri's dad spoils him rotten.
Ziri's dad still showered him with love.
Ziri's dad took his mom back.
Ziri's dad was Algerian.
Ziri's dad was out at work.
Ziri's dad was snoring.
Ziri's dad was there.
Ziri's dad was upset that he didn't wake him.
Ziri's dad works at Rima's school.
Ziri's daddy loves Rima.
Ziri's daddy said so.
Ziri's daddy was working.
Ziri's date didn't go good.
Ziri's dating life is his.
Ziri's daughter called him.
Ziri's daughter had a disarming smile.
Ziri's daughter is a perceptive little girl.
Ziri's daughter is newborn.
Ziri's daughter is pretty.
Ziri's daughter is so beautiful.
Ziri's daughter looks like a little Janet Jackson.
Ziri's daughter was all over Walid.
Ziri's daydreams were cut short as soon as the principal walked through the door.
Ziri's dead body started moving.
Ziri's decision made perfect sense.
Ziri's deliveries were always late.
Ziri's deliveries were late.
Ziri's demonstrations are amazing.
Ziri's determination to date Rima only grew.
Ziri's dirty laundry is in the basement.
Ziri's disability is his only income.
Ziri's disappearance continues to baffle everybody.
Ziri's disappearance was ignored.
Ziri's disappearance was treated as a missing person case.
Ziri's divorce soon became a media frenzy.
Ziri's doctor came by. He was very sad and didn't know where to begin.
Ziri's doctor came into the room.
Ziri's doctor is dumb.
Ziri's doctor suggested he sees a shrink.
Ziri's dog almost never barked.
Ziri's dog attacked Rima's cat.
Ziri's dog attacked Rima's tortoise.
Ziri's dog attacked Rima.
Ziri's dog attacked another dog.
Ziri's dog backed away when Rima approached him.
Ziri's dog backed up.
Ziri's dog bark often.
Ziri's dog barked all night.
Ziri's dog barked at something in the trees.
Ziri's dog barked incessantly.
Ziri's dog barked so fiercely.
Ziri's dog barked so loud.
Ziri's dog barked when he saw Rima.
Ziri's dog barks at everything.
Ziri's dog barks at nothing.
Ziri's dog barks at pretty much everything.
Ziri's dog barks for no reason.
Ziri's dog barks incessantly.
Ziri's dog became blind.
Ziri's dog began barking loudly.
Ziri's dog began growling.
Ziri's dog began to bark again.
Ziri's dog began to growl.
Ziri's dog began to pick up on his emotions.
Ziri's dog bit Rima quite badly.
Ziri's dog bites.
Ziri's dog bolted in that direction.
Ziri's dog bolted into the foliage.
Ziri's dog brought home a fox he had killed.
Ziri's dog calmed down.
Ziri's dog came to get his treat.
Ziri's dog came up to me.
Ziri's dog can't hear well.
Ziri's dog can't see well.
Ziri's dog can't stand the rain.
Ziri's dog chased Rima.
Ziri's dog could have had rabies.
Ziri's dog did not follow commands.
Ziri's dog doesn't like collars.
Ziri's dog doesn't want Rima closer.
Ziri's dog enjoys wearing that collar.
Ziri's dog followed Rima.
Ziri's dog followed him.
Ziri's dog followed the scent.
Ziri's dog freaked out.
Ziri's dog gave him some company.
Ziri's dog gets aggressive about putting any equipment on.
Ziri's dog goes easy about putting a leash on.
Ziri's dog got hurt by the jackal.
Ziri's dog got nervous.
Ziri's dog got spooked by something humans couldn't sense.
Ziri's dog growled at Rima.
Ziri's dog had a small leg in his mouth. It looked like a fox's leg.
Ziri's dog had health issues.
Ziri's dog had its leash on.
Ziri's dog had some disease.
Ziri's dog has a blue collar.
Ziri's dog has a collar.
Ziri's dog has a new collar.
Ziri's dog has a prong collar.
Ziri's dog has a well-fit collar.
Ziri's dog has begun growling.
Ziri's dog has finished pooping.
Ziri's dog has its space.
Ziri's dog has to go to the bathroom.
Ziri's dog has toys.
Ziri's dog hid.
Ziri's dog is a Spaniel.
Ziri's dog is a fighter.
Ziri's dog is a mix of a Greyhound and a Yellow Lab.
Ziri's dog is afraid.
Ziri's dog is aggressive towards Rima.
Ziri's dog is aggressive.
Ziri's dog is all aggressive.
Ziri's dog is an old Spaniel.
Ziri's dog is asking for more space.
Ziri's dog is big.
Ziri's dog is black.
Ziri's dog is drooling all over the place.
Ziri's dog is excited.
Ziri's dog is fearful.
Ziri's dog is growling.
Ziri's dog is happy and comfortable in its new environment.
Ziri's dog is happy.
Ziri's dog is highly aggressive.
Ziri's dog is his camping buddy.
Ziri's dog is lovely.
Ziri's dog is loyal to him.
Ziri's dog is more brutal.
Ziri's dog is never relaxed when there are strangers in this kitchen.
Ziri's dog is old.
Ziri's dog is pooping.
Ziri's dog is reacting aggressively towards Rima.
Ziri's dog is ready to go out.
Ziri's dog is really scared.
Ziri's dog is right there.
Ziri's dog is scared.
Ziri's dog is seeking attention.
Ziri's dog is shaking.
Ziri's dog is skinny.
Ziri's dog is so loud.
Ziri's dog is strong.
Ziri's dog is stubborn.
Ziri's dog is super aggressive.
Ziri's dog is taller.
Ziri's dog is tough.
Ziri's dog is trained well.
Ziri's dog is very aggressive.
Ziri's dog is very obedient.
Ziri's dog is very strong.
Ziri's dog is very territorial.
Ziri's dog is very well trained.
Ziri's dog is vicious.
Ziri's dog is vocal.
Ziri's dog is white.
Ziri's dog is young.
Ziri's dog is younger than Rima's.
Ziri's dog jump up, ran to the front door and started barking aggressively.
Ziri's dog jumped forward and bit Rima.
Ziri's dog jumped into the bush to fight whatever was there.
Ziri's dog just wants some love.
Ziri's dog kept whimpering.
Ziri's dog killed Rima's chickens.
Ziri's dog knows Rima.
Ziri's dog led him north of Rima's camp site.
Ziri's dog looked like a Lab mixed with a German Shepherd.
Ziri's dog looks great in a sweater.
Ziri's dog lowered his head.
Ziri's dog lunged at a squirrel.
Ziri's dog might be missing.
Ziri's dog needs more space.
Ziri's dog needs much more space.
Ziri's dog needs space.
Ziri's dog never acted like that.
Ziri's dog never acts like this.
Ziri's dog panicked.
Ziri's dog perceived Rima as a threat.
Ziri's dog ran away.
Ziri's dog ran excitedly.
Ziri's dog ran to Rima.
Ziri's dog retreated.
Ziri's dog sat.
Ziri's dog saved his life.
Ziri's dog scared off Rima's children.
Ziri's dog scared off the intruder.
Ziri's dog scared off the mailman.
Ziri's dog scared off the stranger.
Ziri's dog scared that man off.
Ziri's dog started barking like crazy.
Ziri's dog started barking, waking the rest of his family.
Ziri's dog started chasing Rima.
Ziri's dog started following Rima.
Ziri's dog started following him.
Ziri's dog started growling a little louder.
Ziri's dog started howling into the cornfield.
Ziri's dog started panicking.
Ziri's dog started running.
Ziri's dog started sniffing the leash.
Ziri's dog started to dig.
Ziri's dog started walking next to Rima.
Ziri's dog started whimpering and cowering.
Ziri's dog started whimpering.
Ziri's dog stole Rima's bra.
Ziri's dog stopped barking.
Ziri's dog stopped growling.
Ziri's dog suddenly barked at Rima's ewe.
Ziri's dog suddenly became aggressive towards him.
Ziri's dog terrorizes everyone in the neighborhood.
Ziri's dog tried to bite Rima.
Ziri's dog tried to bite him.
Ziri's dog tried to escape.
Ziri's dog turned into a real human.
Ziri's dog uses the couch as a hiding place.
Ziri's dog uses the couch to hide.
Ziri's dog usually doesn't like people.
Ziri's dog was absolutely terrified of the leash.
Ziri's dog was absolutely terrified.
Ziri's dog was aggressive to other dogs.
Ziri's dog was always going after other dogs.
Ziri's dog was always off leash.
Ziri's dog was barking at the door because he needed to go out.
Ziri's dog was barking constantly.
Ziri's dog was barking incessantly.
Ziri's dog was barking out of fear.
Ziri's dog was biting its leash.
Ziri's dog was black.
Ziri's dog was digging.
Ziri's dog was displaying some off behavior.
Ziri's dog was following him closely behind.
Ziri's dog was frightened.
Ziri's dog was growling again.
Ziri's dog was growling at something.
Ziri's dog was growling every few minutes.
Ziri's dog was growling.
Ziri's dog was his best friend in the world.
Ziri's dog was home.
Ziri's dog was in his bed.
Ziri's dog was in pain.
Ziri's dog was jumping around like crazy.
Ziri's dog was long dead by then.
Ziri's dog was lurching towards Rima.
Ziri's dog was lying right next to the fireplace.
Ziri's dog was mad.
Ziri's dog was more aggressive.
Ziri's dog was on a leash.
Ziri's dog was paralyzed with fear.
Ziri's dog was playing with a toy.
Ziri's dog was prancing around.
Ziri's dog was relaxed.
Ziri's dog was rolling around on the floor.
Ziri's dog was scared of Rima.
Ziri's dog was sick.
Ziri's dog was sitting right here.
Ziri's dog was sniffing the leash.
Ziri's dog was still in his mom's room.
Ziri's dog was suddenly aggressive.
Ziri's dog was totally relaxed.
Ziri's dog was unhappy with the kids.
Ziri's dog was wagging its tail.
Ziri's dog was waiting in the yard.
Ziri's dog was waiting on the porch.
Ziri's dog was waiting.
Ziri's dog was wounded.
Ziri's dog wasn't trained well for a leash.
Ziri's dog wears a collar all the time.
Ziri's dog wears a collar.
Ziri's dog wears a prong collar.
Ziri's dog went bananas.
Ziri's dog went on the couch.
Ziri's dog went to Rima.
Ziri's dog went to the bathroom.
Ziri's dog wore a collar all the time.
Ziri's dog would not leap over this fence.
Ziri's dog wouldn't shut up.
Ziri's dog's collar fits well.
Ziri's dogs are very well trained.
Ziri's dogs barked at Rima.
Ziri's dogs can't track a scent through the rain.
Ziri's dogs lost the scent.
Ziri's dogs tracked the fox.
Ziri's dogs were barking like crazy.
Ziri's dogs were fighting with each other.
Ziri's door creaked shut on its own.
Ziri's door flew open and Rima barged in.
Ziri's door is always open.
Ziri's door slammed shut.
Ziri's door was flung open.
Ziri's door was left open.
Ziri's door was locked.
Ziri's door was open.
Ziri's door was shut.
Ziri's door wasn't locked.
Ziri's dream had a detailed plot and dialog.
Ziri's dream has finally come true.
Ziri's dream of becoming a pilot quickly subsided.
Ziri's drive was long.
Ziri's ears were bleeding.
Ziri's eggs are always overdone.
Ziri's email contains typos.
Ziri's energy was so high.
Ziri's engine was still on.
Ziri's engine was still running.
Ziri's entire family is vegetarian.
Ziri's entire family was killed.
Ziri's entire life turned upside down.
Ziri's ewe got used to milking.
Ziri's ewe had triplets.
Ziri's ewe has got colostrum.
Ziri's ewe has gotten used to milking.
Ziri's ewe has lambs.
Ziri's ewe has very little teats.
Ziri's ewe hid in the pig barn.
Ziri's ewe is a lot calmer.
Ziri's ewe is much quieter.
Ziri's ewe is scared of dogs.
Ziri's ewe is very difficult to milk.
Ziri's ewe is very stubborn.
Ziri's ewe likes to eat corn.
Ziri's ewe produces a lot of wool.
Ziri's ewe ran out.
Ziri's ewe remained calm while Rima was milking her.
Ziri's ewe stayed in there.
Ziri's ewe was eating the corn.
Ziri's ewe was looking for her lambs.
Ziri's ewe was quite affectionate.
Ziri's ewe was terrified of Rima's sheepdog.
Ziri's ewe won't let you milk her.
Ziri's ewes are named Rima and Skura.
Ziri's ewes can't stay on Rima's farm.
Ziri's ewes drink from the creek.
Ziri's ex-primary school is now a park.
Ziri's ex-wife came.
Ziri's exhaustion caught up with him and he just drifted off.
Ziri's experience doesn't exactly fit our needs.
Ziri's expression changed.
Ziri's expression turned serious when he read the letter.
Ziri's expression was of sure terror.
Ziri's expression was so emotionless it still haunts me to this day.
Ziri's eyes adjusted to the dark and he saw what was ahead of him.
Ziri's eyes adjusted to the darkness.
Ziri's eyes are bloodshot.
Ziri's eyes became heavy.
Ziri's eyes began to adjust to the darkness.
Ziri's eyes brightened and his smile widened.
Ziri's eyes fell on Rima's old shoes.
Ziri's eyes felt like they were staring directly into my soul.
Ziri's eyes filled with tears and he stormed out.
Ziri's eyes looked directly into Rima.
Ziri's eyes nearly fell out of his head.
Ziri's eyes opened.
Ziri's eyes shot open.
Ziri's eyes shut open but he saw nothing.
Ziri's eyes shut open in panic.
Ziri's eyes told Rima it was true.
Ziri's eyes welled up.
Ziri's eyes went teary.
Ziri's eyes were bloodshot.
Ziri's eyes were blue.
Ziri's eyes were closed.
Ziri's eyes were darting all over the place.
Ziri's eyes were fixated on Rima.
Ziri's eyes were flooded with uncertainty and fear.
Ziri's eyes were getting teary.
Ziri's eyes were glassy like the eyes of a doll.
Ziri's eyes were open.
Ziri's eyes were pupilless.
Ziri's eyes were so wide.
Ziri's eyes were swollen shut.
Ziri's eyes were swollen.
Ziri's eyes were wide open.
Ziri's eyes widened in horror.
Ziri's eyes widened with glee.
Ziri's eyesight isn't that good, admittedly.
Ziri's face collided with the floor.
Ziri's face literally screamed danger.
Ziri's face looked sad.
Ziri's face suddenly lit up.
Ziri's face turned very serious.
Ziri's face turned white.
Ziri's face twisted into a raged expression.
Ziri's face was a bit off.
Ziri's face was as pale as the moon.
Ziri's face was clawed up pretty badly.
Ziri's face was clouding over in anger.
Ziri's face was frozen in fear.
Ziri's face was gone.
Ziri's face was indescribable.
Ziri's face was mad.
Ziri's face was motionless.
Ziri's face was placid and serene.
Ziri's face was pressed against the net.
Ziri's face was split into two.
Ziri's face went blank.
Ziri's facial features were dark.
Ziri's facial feminine features make him look lovely.
Ziri's fake mustache came off.
Ziri's fake mustache started to come off.
Ziri's fall alerted the creature.
Ziri's family consisted of his mom, dad, and four siblings.
Ziri's family consists of his stepmother and his four siblings.
Ziri's family got back.
Ziri's family is back.
Ziri's family is more important to him.
Ziri's family isn't so perfect after all.
Ziri's family lived in a cool house.
Ziri's family lived in a nice house in the middle of dense woods.
Ziri's family took shelter in a school.
Ziri's family wanted the rest of his body to bury.
Ziri's family was exterminated.
Ziri's family was never fortunate.
Ziri's family was not as wealthy as Rima's.
Ziri's family was probably camping nearby.
Ziri's family was upset.
Ziri's family weren't very accepting of his conversion to Islam.
Ziri's farts don't smell.
Ziri's father and mother showed up at once.
Ziri's father believes that boys shouldn't make music.
Ziri's father is dead.
Ziri's father is moving in with him.
Ziri's father left him right after he was born.
Ziri's father owns this school.
Ziri's father wanted more for him.
Ziri's father was Muslim, but his mother was Christian.
Ziri's father was a successful businessman.
Ziri's father was a tyrant.
Ziri's father was called in and was informed that his son was going to get kicked out of school.
Ziri's father was even madder than him.
Ziri's father was sick.
Ziri's favorite coffee is espresso.
Ziri's favorite dessert is cake.
Ziri's favorite hobby is hiking.
Ziri's favorite restaurant is closing.
Ziri's favorite soap opera starts now.
Ziri's favorite song started to play in the entire school.
Ziri's fedora hat was old and dirty.
Ziri's feelings don't matter.
Ziri's feelings for Rima changed.
Ziri's feelings for Rima were sincere.
Ziri's feet stink.
Ziri's feet were across Rima's thighs.
Ziri's feet were covered in red.
Ziri's feet were killing him.
Ziri's fever went down.
Ziri's fight-or-flight kicked in immediately.
Ziri's files weigh a ton.
Ziri's final words on the phone were: "I love you, Rima."
Ziri's finger is sore.
Ziri's fingernails were long and still had bits of Rima's flesh underneath them.
Ziri's fingers tingled.
Ziri's fire has completely gone out.
Ziri's fire was blazing.
Ziri's first encounter with the deer was unpleasant.
Ziri's first kiss will be with Rima.
Ziri's flashlight was so bright.
Ziri's flight disappeared from radar.
Ziri's flight disappeared without a trace.
Ziri's flight disappeared.
Ziri's food is delicious.
Ziri's food is so salty.
Ziri's food tastes good.
Ziri's food was being set up.
Ziri's food was completely untouched.
Ziri's food was ready.
Ziri's foot has swollen.
Ziri's football career ended.
Ziri's footprints abruptly stopped in the middle of the clearing.
Ziri's foots were covered in dirt.
Ziri's footsteps were hard to hear.
Ziri's fridge is a dumpster.
Ziri's friend came over.
Ziri's friend helped him out with that.
Ziri's friend was at the table.
Ziri's friend was freaked out.
Ziri's friend was staying over.
Ziri's friend, Yazid, came back.
Ziri's friends are joining him.
Ziri's friends call him Yazid.
Ziri's friends rushed after him.
Ziri's friends turned their backs on him.
Ziri's friends were not regular people.
Ziri's friends would accept him no matter what.
Ziri's frustration just built until it exploded.
Ziri's funeral is over.
Ziri's future was looking bright.
Ziri's gang became the most dominant in Casablanca.
Ziri's garage has burned down.
Ziri's garage is gone.
Ziri's garage is his museum.
Ziri's garage is his sacred territory.
Ziri's garage is his shrine.
Ziri's garage is not just a garage. It's a museum.
Ziri's garage is on fire.
Ziri's garage is the perfect place to blet the medlars.
Ziri's garage was burned down.
Ziri's garage was on fire.
Ziri's garbage bag attracted some animals.
Ziri's garden is so crammed with medlar trees.
Ziri's garden was so grammed with medlar trees that he had to fight his way out of the house.
Ziri's gardener is coming tomorrow.
Ziri's gas station is small.
Ziri's gaze fixed on Rima.
Ziri's gear has been found at the entrance of the cave.
Ziri's gear was there.
Ziri's genes could mutate even further.
Ziri's girlfriend is a high school student.
Ziri's girlfriend looks beautiful.
Ziri's girlfriend was at work.
Ziri's girlfriend's name is Rima.
Ziri's glasses fell off.
Ziri's goal was to learn Berber.
Ziri's goat was hanging out with Rima's ewes in the corral.
Ziri's going to bed now.
Ziri's going to talk about his life in general.
Ziri's grades have to improve within two months.
Ziri's graduation is coming up soon.
Ziri's grandfather always wore a top hat.
Ziri's grandfather is the man he identified with most.
Ziri's grandma took care of him during his dad's absence.
Ziri's grandmother died a couple of weeks ago and he took it very hard.
Ziri's grandmother is dying.
Ziri's grandparents passed away within a few months of each other.
Ziri's grandparents were very welcoming.
Ziri's grave was covered in fungus and moss.
Ziri's grip tightened around Rima's hand.
Ziri's grounded and he'll be in his room.
Ziri's gun was fully loaded.
Ziri's gun was gone.
Ziri's gun was on the wrong hip.
Ziri's gym clothes were wet.
Ziri's hair came off. It was a wig.
Ziri's hair is the same color as mine.
Ziri's hair started to fall out in big chunks.
Ziri's hair stood straight.
Ziri's hair was almost completely white.
Ziri's hair was completely gray.
Ziri's hair was disgusting.
Ziri's hair was full of leaves and dirt.
Ziri's hair was matted and dirty.
Ziri's hair was untidy.
Ziri's hand started to feel very warm.
Ziri's hand stopped moving.
Ziri's hand was just under the gazelle's ribs, where its abdomen was.
Ziri's hands are cold.
Ziri's hands are filthy.
Ziri's hands aren't small enough.
Ziri's hands were placed in his jacket pockets.
Ziri's hands were shaking and he couldn't pick things up.
Ziri's hands were shaking.
Ziri's hands were stained in red.
Ziri's handwriting was awful.
Ziri's head hit the tree.
Ziri's head hurts a lot.
Ziri's head was bloody.
Ziri's health is deteriorating.
Ziri's heart began to pound again.
Ziri's heart blossomed even more.
Ziri's heart broke out for those children.
Ziri's heart bubbled over.
Ziri's heart exploded.
Ziri's heart hammered in his chest.
Ziri's heart jumped into his throat.
Ziri's heart literally shattered in his chest. He said he could almost hear it crack apart like shattered glass.
Ziri's heart nearly stopped.
Ziri's heart really hurt.
Ziri's heart sank like a ship when he saw Rima kissing that boy.
Ziri's heart sank.
Ziri's heart started racing.
Ziri's heart started to play.
Ziri's heart was about to jump out of his throat. He was happy to see Rima.
Ziri's heart was beating fast and hard.
Ziri's heart was frozen.
Ziri's heart was hurting.
Ziri's heart was in his throat.
Ziri's heart was picking a pace.
Ziri's heart was pounding in his throat.
Ziri's heart was pounding very hard.
Ziri's heart was pounding.
Ziri's heart was very broken.
Ziri's heart went out to Rima and he found himself hugging her.
Ziri's heath is a foot high.
Ziri's heath is running into Rima's plants.
Ziri's heather are purple pink.
Ziri's heather has been doing well since he transplanted it in this pot.
Ziri's heather is very artistic-looking.
Ziri's heather looks so pretty at the entrance of the garden.
Ziri's heathers are deep pink.
Ziri's heathers are done blooming.
Ziri's heathers are nice and healthy.
Ziri's heathers have a big root system and that's a good sign.
Ziri's heathers started to spread out.
Ziri's heaths are too dry.
Ziri's heaths bloom early.
Ziri's heaths seem to be doing very well.
Ziri's hiccups are gone.
Ziri's hiccups stopped.
Ziri's high school is huge.
Ziri's hike through the woods was uneventful.
Ziri's hopes were dashed instantly.
Ziri's horse is not very far.
Ziri's horse ran back to the stable like he was trained to do.
Ziri's horse refused to advance.
Ziri's house collapsed.
Ziri's house doesn't have a basement. It has a crawlspace instead.
Ziri's house erupted in flames.
Ziri's house had a swimming pool.
Ziri's house has a bad history.
Ziri's house has a fence.
Ziri's house has an amazing stone patio.
Ziri's house has been abandoned for a good while.
Ziri's house has been empty for quite a while.
Ziri's house has been torched.
Ziri's house has this cottage look.
Ziri's house in the West Bank was demolished.
Ziri's house is beautiful but eerie.
Ziri's house is empty.
Ziri's house is four miles from here down the highway.
Ziri's house is gone.
Ziri's house is next to a thick wooded area.
Ziri's house is old.
Ziri's house is on fire.
Ziri's house is on the preserve.
Ziri's house is pathetically small like our own.
Ziri's house is so old it has an outhouse.
Ziri's house is so ugly.
Ziri's house is surrounded by a forest.
Ziri's house is surrounded by forest.
Ziri's house is surrounded by woods.
Ziri's house is too small.
Ziri's house needed to be tended to.
Ziri's house sits in the middle of a clearing.
Ziri's house was abandoned.
Ziri's house was across the street.
Ziri's house was built in the 40s.
Ziri's house was completely empty.
Ziri's house was disturbingly creepy.
Ziri's house was dusty.
Ziri's house was dwarfed in comparison to the building erected next to it.
Ziri's house was full of Christmas lights and trees.
Ziri's house was full of policemen.
Ziri's house was outside the city.
Ziri's house was rundown.
Ziri's house was still breath-taking.
Ziri's house was surrounded by very thick woods.
Ziri's house was well kept.
Ziri's idea is not that smart.
Ziri's imam inspired him to get back to work.
Ziri's injuries would take years to heal.
Ziri's inner voice was telling him to give up.
Ziri's insults started to eat away Rima's self-esteem.
Ziri's intellectual abilities are different from Rima's.
Ziri's interests never really died.
Ziri's interview was shown on TV.
Ziri's iris is purple.
Ziri's ivies are really cute and adorable.
Ziri's ivy attracts birds and bats and snakes and spiders and insects.
Ziri's ivy attracts birds, not to mention all the bats and snakes and spiders and moths.
Ziri's ivy covered his mansion.
Ziri's ivy didn't make it through the lengthy road trip.
Ziri's ivy died off.
Ziri's ivy died.
Ziri's ivy doesn't have enough light to support it.
Ziri's ivy doesn't need very much fertilizer.
Ziri's ivy dropped off leaves.
Ziri's ivy got rot.
Ziri's ivy grew super fast.
Ziri's ivy had some browning leaves.
Ziri's ivy has been here indoors for the whole season.
Ziri's ivy has been in the basement the whole winter.
Ziri's ivy has big spiky leaves.
Ziri's ivy has curved leaves.
Ziri's ivy has done so well.
Ziri's ivy has leaves like maple leaves.
Ziri's ivy has long vines.
Ziri's ivy has never had spider mites.
Ziri's ivy has new leaves.
Ziri's ivy has outgrown the pot it is in and needs to be repotted.
Ziri's ivy has really big leaves.
Ziri's ivy has small and thin leaves.
Ziri's ivy has solid green leaves.
Ziri's ivy has spiky leaves.
Ziri's ivy has thick and pointy leaves.
Ziri's ivy has variegated leaves.
Ziri's ivy has very dark leaves.
Ziri's ivy is beautiful.
Ziri's ivy is branching off.
Ziri's ivy is doing great.
Ziri's ivy is doing really good.
Ziri's ivy is doing well indoors.
Ziri's ivy is doing well.
Ziri's ivy is drying.
Ziri's ivy is growing fast.
Ziri's ivy is growing in natural soil.
Ziri's ivy is healthy.
Ziri's ivy is heart-leaved.
Ziri's ivy is in direct sunlight.
Ziri's ivy is losing its variegation.
Ziri's ivy is moist.
Ziri's ivy is planted outdoors.
Ziri's ivy is probably four meters long.
Ziri's ivy is really dry.
Ziri's ivy is sitting on the cement floor.
Ziri's ivy is so cute.
Ziri's ivy is so dry.
Ziri's ivy is struggling.
Ziri's ivy is the fastest-growing I've ever seen.
Ziri's ivy is very nice.
Ziri's ivy isn't carrying any pests.
Ziri's ivy isn't exposed to enough light.
Ziri's ivy looked good for a few months.
Ziri's ivy looks more natural than Rima's.
Ziri's ivy needs water.
Ziri's ivy outgrow its pot.
Ziri's ivy received a lot of direct sunlight.
Ziri's ivy seems to be doing just fine.
Ziri's ivy sits in the kitchen.
Ziri's ivy started branching off.
Ziri's ivy started to grow very fast.
Ziri's ivy started to vine out.
Ziri's ivy stayed on the shelf for months.
Ziri's ivy stayed there for months.
Ziri's ivy survived.
Ziri's ivy thrived.
Ziri's ivy was growing so fast.
Ziri's ivy was infected.
Ziri's ivy was not attacked by spider mites.
Ziri's ivy wasn't affected by spider mites.
Ziri's ivy wasn't exposed to enough light.
Ziri's jacket is genuine.
Ziri's jam was ready.
Ziri's jaw dropped.
Ziri's jaw hit the floor.
Ziri's jeans turned red with the blood.
Ziri's jerk dad ran away with all his mother's money and abandoned them completely.
Ziri's job doesn't need to be perfect.
Ziri's job is gonna be about teaching Berber.
Ziri's job is the hardest.
Ziri's job was easy.
Ziri's job was paying well.
Ziri's journey continued.
Ziri's junior year in college has just started.
Ziri's keyboard just goes nuts sometimes.
Ziri's keys were lying on the ground.
Ziri's keys were missing.
Ziri's kidney doesn't match Rima's.
Ziri's kidney will be a match to Rima.
Ziri's kids are probably hungry.
Ziri's kids are so cute.
Ziri's kids enjoyed Rima's blueberry juice.
Ziri's kids love Rima's blueberry juice.
Ziri's kids were a bit noisy.
Ziri's killer will probably forever remain unknown.
Ziri's kitchen has an island in the middle.
Ziri's kitchen is filthy.
Ziri's kitchen is small.
Ziri's kitchen sink has a problem.
Ziri's kitchen sink looks brand new.
Ziri's kitchen smells good.
Ziri's kitchen was filthy and had rats running around.
Ziri's kitchen was in total chaos.
Ziri's kitchen was messy.
Ziri's kitten is close to four weeks old.
Ziri's knees started to act up.
Ziri's knife wasn't as effective as the leopard's claws.
Ziri's knowledge can't be taken away from him.
Ziri's lamb was rejected by Rima's ewe.
Ziri's lamb would play with anyone.
Ziri's lambs are eating so much grass.
Ziri's lambs started running out of the barn.
Ziri's lambs were weaned in April and he weaned them in August.
Ziri's land takes up the majority of the area.
Ziri's landlord has a zero tolerance policy on dogs.
Ziri's landlord is so mean.
Ziri's landlord is throwing him out.
Ziri's laptop is gone.
Ziri's last savings were spent on those products.
Ziri's last stop was Algeria.
Ziri's latest movie was a box office failure.
Ziri's latest movie was impossibly bad.
Ziri's laughter extinguished.
Ziri's lawyer arrived.
Ziri's lawyer showed up.
Ziri's lease is up.
Ziri's leash is blue.
Ziri's left leg had teeth marks.
Ziri's leg were killing him.
Ziri's legs pulled him forward into the cave.
Ziri's legs seemed to move on their own.
Ziri's legs struggled to hold up the rest of his body.
Ziri's legs were full of wounds.
Ziri's letter arrived.
Ziri's life became very boring.
Ziri's life became very depressing.
Ziri's life depends on it.
Ziri's life hasn't changed much.
Ziri's life is already half over.
Ziri's life is back on track.
Ziri's life is changing.
Ziri's life is constantly work-to-bed, work-to-bed, work-to-bed.
Ziri's life is finally going to become better.
Ziri's life is going to change drastically.
Ziri's life is going to change.
Ziri's life is in danger.
Ziri's life is over.
Ziri's life returned to normal.
Ziri's life stinks.
Ziri's life took a turn for the worst.
Ziri's life turned upside down.
Ziri's life was amazing.
Ziri's life was in danger.
Ziri's life was not very good.
Ziri's life was planned out for him ever since he was a kid.
Ziri's life was such a trainwreck.
Ziri's life was torn apart in an instant.
Ziri's life was very difficult at that time.
Ziri's life will change.
Ziri's life will not be long.
Ziri's life would be fantastic.
Ziri's light illuminated Rima's face.
Ziri's light wasn't on when Rima arrived.
Ziri's lights are on.
Ziri's limo pulled up.
Ziri's limo was outside.
Ziri's lips were moving.
Ziri's little brother had to run the family business.
Ziri's living room was trashed.
Ziri's look made Rima's heart freeze.
Ziri's look was scaring all the girls away from him.
Ziri's love life was riding high.
Ziri's luck has run out.
Ziri's luck ran out.
Ziri's luck started to run out.
Ziri's luggage came first.
Ziri's lunch was missing.
Ziri's machete shouldn't have been there.
Ziri's main concern was for his son.
Ziri's manager was looking at him all worried.
Ziri's manager wasn't sure what to do.
Ziri's mansion has large cracks.
Ziri's map was in his backpack's pocket.
Ziri's marriage is a disaster.
Ziri's marriage is on the rocks.
Ziri's marriage is over.
Ziri's marriage never existed.
Ziri's marriage to Rima is over.
Ziri's marriage was at a breaking point.
Ziri's math teacher is an angry type.
Ziri's math teacher not only became his mentor, but his best friend.
Ziri's medlar tree has flowered a few weeks early.
Ziri's medlar tree is doing very well.
Ziri's medlar tree is in the yard.
Ziri's medlars were properly bletted.
Ziri's memory got foggy from there.
Ziri's memory got fuzzy again.
Ziri's message creeped Rima out.
Ziri's messages were so strange.
Ziri's middle name is quite Catholic.
Ziri's mind is stuck in the 1940s.
Ziri's mind ran through a myriad of options.
Ziri's mind said:"Go!" but his body wouldn't move.
Ziri's mind was blown.
Ziri's mind was racing the entire day.
Ziri's mind was still in shock.
Ziri's mind went back to his childhood.
Ziri's mind went into overdrive.
Ziri's missing has just been reported.
Ziri's mission is complete.
Ziri's mistakes are highly expensive.
Ziri's mom abandoned him at an orphanage when he was six.
Ziri's mom always cheered him up.
Ziri's mom always told him that his father was a horrible person.
Ziri's mom gave him the yelling of his life.
Ziri's mom has also noticed us.
Ziri's mom held his hand and told him it was OK.
Ziri's mom hugged him tightly.
Ziri's mom is a hurricane and she's going to kick him out of the house for that.
Ziri's mom is coming.
Ziri's mom is dead.
Ziri's mom is having a baby.
Ziri's mom is here.
Ziri's mom isn't around.
Ziri's mom only packed him one doughnut today.
Ziri's mom passed away when he was forty.
Ziri's mom passed away.
Ziri's mom phoned the police.
Ziri's mom really likes Rima.
Ziri's mom walked into his room.
Ziri's mom was a famous Algerian actress.
Ziri's mom was always making him necklaces to ward off evil spirits.
Ziri's mom was called in.
Ziri's mom worked for the doctor as a maid.
Ziri's money was taken away from him.
Ziri's mood lifted with the arrival of the breeze.
Ziri's mood swings are unpredictable.
Ziri's motel could bring in more money.
Ziri's motel grew and grew.
Ziri's mother came to get him.
Ziri's mother came to stay with us for four weeks.
Ziri's mother died when he was younger.
Ziri's mother is coming.
Ziri's mother is home.
Ziri's mother never drank.
Ziri's mother passed away.
Ziri's mother was born in Algeria.
Ziri's mother was screaming at the funeral.
Ziri's mother was so caught up.
Ziri's mother will understand.
Ziri's mother-in-law cooks for him.
Ziri's mouse had fresh batteries.
Ziri's mouth dropped open in surprise.
Ziri's mouth dropped.
Ziri's mouth was open.
Ziri's mouth was severely swollen.
Ziri's mouth was watering.
Ziri's moves were always sudden.
Ziri's movie is destined for failure.
Ziri's movie is playing tonight.
Ziri's movie was awful.
Ziri's movie was great.
Ziri's murder is being investigated.
Ziri's muscles ached.
Ziri's music is too loud.
Ziri's name came to mind.
Ziri's name was called out next.
Ziri's name was splashed across the front pages.
Ziri's nanny was so permissive and allowed him to get away with stuff his father would never have allowed him to do.
Ziri's neck was bruised.
Ziri's neighbor came outside and told him that Rima had left a package for him.
Ziri's nephew was three or four.
Ziri's new cat has settled in pretty well.
Ziri's new home felt empty without Rima.
Ziri's new lamb needs colostrum.
Ziri's new wife was spending too much.
Ziri's nickname was "Adrar," a Berber word which means "mountain."
Ziri's nightclub is still kicking.
Ziri's noise attracted a bear.
Ziri's novel is meaningless.
Ziri's oar broke.
Ziri's offer expires in four minutes.
Ziri's offer is tempting.
Ziri's offer was tempting.
Ziri's office is crawling with assholes.
Ziri's official cause of death is rapid loss of blood.
Ziri's old friend came up to him.
Ziri's old grandma passed away last night.
Ziri's old place was too small.
Ziri's old toys were scattered around the attic.
Ziri's older brother wanted to buy a car.
Ziri's only job was to be on lookout.
Ziri's order arrived.
Ziri's organization is low on funding.
Ziri's organs were perfectly fine.
Ziri's package disappeared.
Ziri's palm trees need trimming.
Ziri's palm trees produce much less dates.
Ziri's pants became the same color as the dirt around it.
Ziri's pants popped open.
Ziri's paranoia kicked in.
Ziri's parents agreed he could go.
Ziri's parents are complete opposites.
Ziri's parents are emotionally unavailable.
Ziri's parents are taking him to Algeria.
Ziri's parents are zoologists and they studied rare mammals in Algeria.
Ziri's parents called to check in.
Ziri's parents did the best they could.
Ziri's parents didn't believe Rima.
Ziri's parents didn't blame him for what happened.
Ziri's parents didn't show up.
Ziri's parents died in 2004.
Ziri's parents died in an accident.
Ziri's parents died in the crash.
Ziri's parents disappeared.
Ziri's parents exchanged tense glances.
Ziri's parents fell asleep.
Ziri's parents found out and extended his grounding for another four weeks.
Ziri's parents gave him up for adoption.
Ziri's parents got divorced.
Ziri's parents had him tested and it turned out that he had an insanely high IQ.
Ziri's parents had recently divorced.
Ziri's parents have always been overprotective of him.
Ziri's parents have never done that.
Ziri's parents left him and they never came back.
Ziri's parents left town for a weekend getaway.
Ziri's parents left town.
Ziri's parents loved Rima.
Ziri's parents loved him anyway.
Ziri's parents moved to Algeria before he was born.
Ziri's parents sent him away to join the army.
Ziri's parents signed him up to a summer camp.
Ziri's parents still live in that house.
Ziri's parents suddenly burst into his room.
Ziri's parents think Islam is a strange religion.
Ziri's parents think Islam is strange.
Ziri's parents went away for a weekend.
Ziri's parents were at home.
Ziri's parents were crying.
Ziri's parents were dismissive of his emotions.
Ziri's parents were found.
Ziri's parents were gone.
Ziri's parents were here.
Ziri's parents were jumping for joy.
Ziri's parents were looking for him.
Ziri's parents were out that day.
Ziri's parents were so nice.
Ziri's parents were super religious.
Ziri's parents were the main thing holding him back from realizing his dreams.
Ziri's parents were too busy arguing and didn't pay attention to him.
Ziri's parents' divorce was not his fault.
Ziri's parents' divorce wasn't his fault.
Ziri's parents' kindness rubbed off on him, too.
Ziri's parrot was killed by Rima's cat.
Ziri's parrot was singing.
Ziri's parties are overdone.
Ziri's partner is here.
Ziri's party is no longer in his apartment.
Ziri's party is over.
Ziri's party was a wild crowded scene.
Ziri's password was changed.
Ziri's patience with that girl was wearing very thin.
Ziri's performance earned him a Golden Globe nomination.
Ziri's performance was brilliant.
Ziri's personal belongings have been taken away.
Ziri's personal stuff is still in there.
Ziri's personality changed.
Ziri's personality has changed.
Ziri's phone calls were really creepy.
Ziri's phone completely lost service in that area.
Ziri's phone completely lost service.
Ziri's phone fell out of his pocket and its screen cracked.
Ziri's phone has a very long cord.
Ziri's phone is always dead.
Ziri's phone is dead.
Ziri's phone is not reachable.
Ziri's phone rang again.
Ziri's phone rang at around four am.
Ziri's phone rang.
Ziri's phone rang. It was Rima, but he didn't pick up.
Ziri's phone suddenly lit up with message notifications.
Ziri's phone suddenly rang.
Ziri's phone was always buzzing.
Ziri's phone was gone.
Ziri's phone was in Rima's pocket.
Ziri's phone was on.
Ziri's photos turned out amazing.
Ziri's piano lessons were terribly boring.
Ziri's pickup truck was stolen.
Ziri's picture started moving by itself.
Ziri's picture was pinned to the wall.
Ziri's pictures all began to blur.
Ziri's pillow smells like his cat.
Ziri's pitbull was at Rima's heels.
Ziri's pitbull was following Rima very closely.
Ziri's pizza should be coming soon.
Ziri's place is a good forty minutes drive from Rima's place.
Ziri's place is adorable.
Ziri's place is destroyed.
Ziri's place is great.
Ziri's place is too small.
Ziri's place smelt of seafood.
Ziri's place was destroyed.
Ziri's plan are important.
Ziri's plan backfired.
Ziri's plan fell through miserably.
Ziri's plan is student.
Ziri's plan to win over Rima started to work.
Ziri's plan was moving on perfectly.
Ziri's plan worked like a charm.
Ziri's plane took off.
Ziri's planet exploded.
Ziri's plots are carefully conceived and constructed.
Ziri's podcasts are easy to create.
Ziri's policy is clear.
Ziri's pond looks much cleaner.
Ziri's popularity skyrocketed.
Ziri's posts were clearly directed at Rima.
Ziri's practice is his sanctuary.
Ziri's problem was his son.
Ziri's program was super big.
Ziri's project needs a significant amount of investment.
Ziri's project was finished.
Ziri's property was a big forest.
Ziri's puppy doesn't have a collar.
Ziri's puppy is very playful.
Ziri's puppy ran towards Rima.
Ziri's puppy started walking with Rima.
Ziri's rabbit can't stay here.
Ziri's raccoon can't stay here.
Ziri's radio blew up.
Ziri's radio cut out.
Ziri's raft made it through the turbulent waters.
Ziri's raspberries release a lot of juice.
Ziri's reaction made Rima's blood boil.
Ziri's reaction surprised Rima.
Ziri's real dad is in Algiers.
Ziri's real name is Yazid.
Ziri's relationship with Mina blurred the lines between guard and inmate.
Ziri's relief was immediately replaced by confusion.
Ziri's remains were found there.
Ziri's remains were recovered from the cave and his family was able to bury him properly.
Ziri's remark was followed by an intense silence.
Ziri's remarks didn't fall on deaf ears.
Ziri's representation of the world is distorted by unreasonable fears.
Ziri's reputation is at stake.
Ziri's reputation preceded him.
Ziri's reputation stayed intact.
Ziri's responses were dry.
Ziri's restaurant went out of business.
Ziri's restautant has a very inviting name.
Ziri's restraining order is still in place.
Ziri's restraining order will last 4 years.
Ziri's revolving door is broken.
Ziri's ribs tasted great.
Ziri's ring was still on Rima's finger.
Ziri's robot took Rima down.
Ziri's room faces the sun the majority of the day.
Ziri's room has a window on the north side.
Ziri's room is clean.
Ziri's room is full of garbage.
Ziri's room is on the another side of the corridor.
Ziri's room is on the first floor.
Ziri's room is spotless.
Ziri's room is squeaky clean.
Ziri's room smelt like rotten garbage.
Ziri's room was a mess.
Ziri's room was already occupied.
Ziri's room was empty.
Ziri's room was filled with his grandfather's things.
Ziri's room was locked.
Ziri's room was never meant to be a bedroom.
Ziri's roommate went home for the weekend.
Ziri's sadness has not gone away.
Ziri's sadness increased.
Ziri's salary was delayed for some reason.
Ziri's sarcasm is rude as fuck.
Ziri's sarcasm is rude.
Ziri's sauces are divine.
Ziri's schedule seems to be free.
Ziri's school found out about the whole situation.
Ziri's school had an early-summer trip.
Ziri's school has an excellent academic program.
Ziri's school has multiple security cameras.
Ziri's school is really big.
Ziri's school started to lose its prestige.
Ziri's school was going great.
Ziri's science teacher moved to Algeria.
Ziri's science teacher was absolutely gorgeous.
Ziri's scream sounded like he was being attacked.
Ziri's scream still haunts Rima's nightmares.
Ziri's scream was much closer.
Ziri's screaming woke his mom up.
Ziri's search on Google was suddenly interrupted by a call.
Ziri's second story was very interesting.
Ziri's secret about Rima is safe with me.
Ziri's secret was out.
Ziri's secret was revealed.
Ziri's sentences are hard to understand.
Ziri's severed finger was gone.
Ziri's shampoo commercial came out and everyone watched it.
Ziri's shampoo commercial did well.
Ziri's sheep are loud.
Ziri's sheep are picky.
Ziri's sheep didn't like that hay.
Ziri's sheep has lambs.
Ziri's sheep have access to the creek.
Ziri's sheep is a year old.
Ziri's sheep is in Rima's backyard.
Ziri's sheep need a lot of grass.
Ziri's sheep need a lot of hay.
Ziri's sheep were eating alfalfa.
Ziri's sheep were panicking.
Ziri's sheep were stationed near the bank of a lake.
Ziri's sheepdog displayed some odd behavior.
Ziri's ship is sinking fast.
Ziri's shirt was brand-new.
Ziri's shirt was found torn pretty badly.
Ziri's shoe is untied.
Ziri's shoes were filled with sand.
Ziri's shooting today.
Ziri's shoulder was bleeding.
Ziri's show explores your favorite cryptids.
Ziri's show is available as a podcast.
Ziri's show is good, too.
Ziri's show is starting Thursday.
Ziri's show is starting.
Ziri's sick dog looked like a stuffed animal.
Ziri's sight never left Rima.
Ziri's singing alerted the creature to him.
Ziri's sink is fixed.
Ziri's sink was almost overflowing.
Ziri's sister is here.
Ziri's sister lived with us.
Ziri's sister was having her first baby.
Ziri's sister was sleeping.
Ziri's sister wasn't blond.
Ziri's sister-in-law was killed and his niece kidnapped.
Ziri's situation has deteriorated.
Ziri's sixth and final story is about phobias.
Ziri's skin appeared smooth.
Ziri's skin condition worsened.
Ziri's skin looks totally fine.
Ziri's skin started turning red.
Ziri's skin tore, revealing the flesh underneath.
Ziri's skin was dark.
Ziri's skin was found embedded under Rima's nails.
Ziri's skin was melting off.
Ziri's skin was pale white.
Ziri's smile faded.
Ziri's snacks are always so good.
Ziri's snacks are delicious.
Ziri's snacks are insanely delicious.
Ziri's snobbish reputation preceded him here.
Ziri's sofa is missing.
Ziri's solution eliminated the problem.
Ziri's son got sick.
Ziri's son is a baby.
Ziri's son is afraid of Rima's dog.
Ziri's son is almost four.
Ziri's son is back.
Ziri's son is sexy.
Ziri's son is so beautiful.
Ziri's son is so handsome.
Ziri's son needs to go to the hospital.
Ziri's son slipped away from him.
Ziri's song made Rima sad.
Ziri's soul is so tired of this empty feeling.
Ziri's soup is delicious.
Ziri's soup is good.
Ziri's soup was extremely delicious.
Ziri's spacesuit protected him temporarily.
Ziri's speech is really getting to the roots of it.
Ziri's speech was a little rude but nice.
Ziri's speech won over the audience.
Ziri's spider is dead.
Ziri's standards are too high.
Ziri's stare looked more like a warning.
Ziri's statement is correct.
Ziri's stern face transformed into a huge smile.
Ziri's stomach disorder is aggravated by anger.
Ziri's stomach flipped.
Ziri's stomach rumbled as he barely had anything to eat.
Ziri's stomach turned.
Ziri's stomach was about to turn.
Ziri's store has a revolving door.
Ziri's stories are all crazy.
Ziri's stories are just very boring.
Ziri's stories are pretty interesting.
Ziri's stories are quite entertaining.
Ziri's stories are really hard to follow.
Ziri's stories are really juicy.
Ziri's stories are very boring.
Ziri's stories freaked Rima out.
Ziri's stories gave Rima a sick feeling.
Ziri's stories were all made up.
Ziri's story contains explicit depictions of violence against animals.
Ziri's story defies all logic and sense.
Ziri's story does not end here.
Ziri's story freaked Rima out.
Ziri's story gave a glimpse into the destruction caused by the tornado.
Ziri's story had Rima's blood boiling.
Ziri's story happened in Bejaia, Algeria.
Ziri's story is a long one.
Ziri's story is as terrifying as Rima's.
Ziri's story is definitely true.
Ziri's story is getting juicy.
Ziri's story is pretty crazy.
Ziri's story is short.
Ziri's story is spine-chilling.
Ziri's story is very juicy.
Ziri's story isn't long.
Ziri's story isn't scary.
Ziri's story made Rima feel extremely uneasy.
Ziri's story makes no sense.
Ziri's story sounds similar to Rima's.
Ziri's story sounds super conspiratorial.
Ziri's story still gives me chills.
Ziri's story takes place a couple of years ago.
Ziri's story takes place upstate New York.
Ziri's story took place in April.
Ziri's story was as amusing as it was creepy.
Ziri's story was hilarious although he didn't mean it to be.
Ziri's story was simply not true.
Ziri's story wasn't that interesting.
Ziri's stove is broken.
Ziri's stove is fixed.
Ziri's strange ways were the main reason Rima divorced him.
Ziri's strawberry smoothies are super delicious.
Ziri's strawberry smoothies are super refreshing.
Ziri's street is a cul-de-sac.
Ziri's street is a dead end.
Ziri's strength dissipated.
Ziri's students love his classes.
Ziri's studies were his main priority.
Ziri's studies were the number-one priority for him.
Ziri's studio is empty.
Ziri's suit is super expensive.
Ziri's suit is wonderful.
Ziri's surveillance system was off.
Ziri's suspicion was confirmed.
Ziri's suspicions about Rima were true.
Ziri's sword has been stolen by Rima.
Ziri's sword is in the cave.
Ziri's sword was returned to him.
Ziri's symptoms became far more intense.
Ziri's talkie-walkie was gone.
Ziri's tarot reading has come true.
Ziri's tastes have changed.
Ziri's tattoo was his act of rebellion.
Ziri's teacher doesn't like him.
Ziri's teacher is dating his dad.
Ziri's teacher lost his test and made him retake it.
Ziri's teacher never liked him.
Ziri's teacher started offering him lessons at his house.
Ziri's teachers were nice.
Ziri's team equalized the score.
Ziri's team is in Algeria.
Ziri's team is joining him.
Ziri's team lost.
Ziri's team was completely outmatched.
Ziri's team won the season.
Ziri's teeth were horrible.
Ziri's tent had mesh windows.
Ziri's tent has been abandoned for quite a few days at least.
Ziri's tent has no windows.
Ziri's tent is still set up.
Ziri's tent was gone.
Ziri's tent was still there but its flap was open.
Ziri's therapist wants his wife to come with him for his next session.
Ziri's things are ruined.
Ziri's things are scattered all over the floor.
Ziri's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by Rima's call.
Ziri's threats were directed at Rima.
Ziri's tongue slipped.
Ziri's tortoise ate the worms.
Ziri's tortoise can't go anywhere.
Ziri's tortoise disappeared.
Ziri's tortoise doesn't have a name yet.
Ziri's tortoise eats meat.
Ziri's tortoise is a little bit bigger.
Ziri's tortoise is gonna be so happy.
Ziri's tortoise is healthy.
Ziri's tortoise is herbivore.
Ziri's tortoise is living happily in our backyard.
Ziri's tortoise is pooping.
Ziri's tortoise is really big.
Ziri's tortoise is so small.
Ziri's tortoise is super healthy.
Ziri's tortoise needs a bigger enclosure.
Ziri's tortoise needs more space.
Ziri's tortoise peed on Rima.
Ziri's tortoise peed.
Ziri's tortoise reappeared.
Ziri's tortoise was in the bathtub.
Ziri's tortoise was under the bed.
Ziri's tortoise weighed forty pounds.
Ziri's toughest dog died.
Ziri's town is close to the Tunisian border.
Ziri's toys were broken.
Ziri's toys were old and weathered.
Ziri's trash is still here.
Ziri's treasure is in Algiers.
Ziri's treasure was hidden in the attic.
Ziri's tree heather has finished flowering.
Ziri's tree heather is much more vigorous than Rima's.
Ziri's tribe look like they're living in the stone age.
Ziri's tribe was quickly pacified.
Ziri's tribe will accept Rima.
Ziri's trick worked.
Ziri's triumph didn't last long.
Ziri's troops came here.
Ziri's troubles continued.
Ziri's troubles had been set up by Rima.
Ziri's truck broke down.
Ziri's truck has regular lights.
Ziri's truck started just fine.
Ziri's truck turned on suddenly.
Ziri's truck was far off the trail.
Ziri's truck was moving too slowly.
Ziri's truck was pretty loaded and didn't accelerate well anyways.
Ziri's truck was roughly forty yards from the house.
Ziri's truck was very loud.
Ziri's truck worked perfectly the day before.
Ziri's true name is Yazid.
Ziri's truth was just about to burst out of him.
Ziri's tux is at the cleaner's.
Ziri's uniform was a little dishevelled.
Ziri's university is big.
Ziri's university was in a remote location, surrounded by a river. It was almost like an island.
Ziri's usual camping spot is remote.
Ziri's van was parked in front of the bank.
Ziri's vehicle broke down.
Ziri's video is a little boring.
Ziri's video is pretty good.
Ziri's video makes no sense.
Ziri's video was amazing.
Ziri's video was too fast.
Ziri's videos are ad-free and downloadable.
Ziri's videos have long and boring intros.
Ziri's videos have no ads and can be downloaded.
Ziri's videos would put Hollywood's horror movies to shame.
Ziri's village has no Wi-Fi.
Ziri's vision went back to normal.
Ziri's visit was totally unexpected.
Ziri's visit was unexpected.
Ziri's voice came from the forest.
Ziri's voice cracked as he spoke.
Ziri's voice didn't sound normal at all.
Ziri's voice echoed back.
Ziri's voice gave Rima the fright of her life.
Ziri's voice is just as important as anyone else's.
Ziri's voice made me feel like my soul left my body.
Ziri's voice never changed in tone.
Ziri's voice snapped Rima back into reality.
Ziri's voice sounded too fake.
Ziri's voice sounded too raspy and fake.
Ziri's voice sounded very unnatural.
Ziri's voice sounded very weird.
Ziri's voice started coming through the speakers.
Ziri's voice was barely audible.
Ziri's voice was deep and sounded quite old.
Ziri's voice was hoarse.
Ziri's voice was raspy.
Ziri's voices was echoing from that area.
Ziri's watermelon is so refreshing.
Ziri's watermelons are super heavy.
Ziri's wave felt threatening.
Ziri's website has a beautiful template.
Ziri's website was more flashy.
Ziri's well ran dry.
Ziri's well runs dry in the summer.
Ziri's whole body was tense.
Ziri's whole face swelled up.
Ziri's whole house was empty.
Ziri's whole life just went downhill.
Ziri's wife and daughter were waiting for him.
Ziri's wife came up to Rima.
Ziri's wife disappeared.
Ziri's wife got abducted.
Ziri's wife has big breasts.
Ziri's wife is OK.
Ziri's wife is beautiful.
Ziri's wife is black.
Ziri's wife is dead.
Ziri's wife is missing.
Ziri's wife is pretty.
Ziri's wife is probably beautiful.
Ziri's wife is probably young.
Ziri's wife is very attractive.
Ziri's wife let us know that he didn't come home.
Ziri's wife makes the best couscous.
Ziri's wife ran away.
Ziri's wife was abducted.
Ziri's wife was killed.
Ziri's wife was so offended by the stench of his clothes that she had to sleep in the basement.
Ziri's wife was so sweet.
Ziri's wife was still sound asleep.
Ziri's wife was working late.
Ziri's wife went missing.
Ziri's window had no blinds or curtains.
Ziri's window was completely open.
Ziri's windshield is completely smooth now.
Ziri's windshield was smashed.
Ziri's wine smells like vomit.
Ziri's words broke Rima's heart.
Ziri's words broke Rima.
Ziri's words don't make any sense to me.
Ziri's words intrigued Rima.
Ziri's words made Rima feel very sad.
Ziri's words made Rima so angry.
Ziri's words made me think of Rima.
Ziri's words totally woke Rima up.
Ziri's words were so sincere.
Ziri's words were very offensive.
Ziri's work continued to go poorly.
Ziri's work ended up botched.
Ziri's work ended up rushed.
Ziri's work is never done.
Ziri's working clothes were scattered all around.
Ziri's world came crushing down around him.
Ziri's world crumbled to pieces.
Ziri's world got turned upside down.
Ziri's worries seemed to drift away with the breeze.
Ziri's worst nightmare came true.
Ziri's wound was bleeding.
Ziri, I don't think you understand.
Ziri, Rima and me were the only ones in the building.
Ziri, Rima's landlord, was the worst thing that ever happened to her.
Ziri, Rima, and their kids can live as a family.
Ziri, Rima, and their kids had a tearful family reunion.
Ziri, an experience therapist, made a serious therapeutic mistake. He started dating one of his patients.
Ziri, apologize to Rima this minute!
Ziri, buy some fancy clothes, please. You look like a beggar.
Ziri, buy some fancy clothes, please. You look like a homeless guy.
Ziri, come quick!
Ziri, don't be nervous.
Ziri, get away from her right now!
Ziri, it's just a game.
Ziri, it's nice to finally meet you.
Ziri, look at this.
Ziri, look at what you did.
Ziri, of course, can't understand Berber.
Ziri, say cheese.
Ziri, this hurts.
Ziri, what are you doing here?
Ziri, what do you think you're doing?
Ziri, what the hell are you doing?
Ziri, you don't mind cooking, do you?
Ziri, you're a sweet kid.
Ziri, you're my hero!
Ziri? Come in, come in, dear.
Ziri? It's not even a real name.
Ziri? What a small world!
Ziri? Why are you here?
Ziria and Rima knew it.
Ziripretended he was an Algerian.
Ziris balcony faced the mountains.
Ziris balcony had a stunning view.
Ziris balcony overlooked the city.
Ziris balcony was filled with flowers.
Ziris balcony was small but cozy.
Ziris bike has a broken brake.
Ziris bike is red and black.
Ziris bike needs new tires.
Ziris bike was stolen last week.
Ziris cake had too much cream.
Ziris cat slept in the closet.
Ziris closet had a hidden compartment.
Ziris closet smelled musty and old.
Ziris clothes filled the closet.
Ziris dream was never going to fly in his household.
Ziris family fell apart.
Ziris favorite tea was mint.
Ziris parents split up.
Ziris parents wanted him to either be a doctor or an architect.
Ziris parents were strict like all Asian parents.
Ziris tea had a floral aroma.
Ziris tea was steaming hot.
Ziris toys were in the closet.
Zoe cheered for her team.
Zoe held my sweaty hand and didnt let go until wed passed the tents and joined the others by the lake.
Zoe kneaded pizza dough.
Zoe sliced the watermelon.
Zoe swam in the crystal-clear lake.
Zombies are bad.
Zombies are coming!
Zombies are impervious to pain.
Zombies eat brains.
Zombies only eat human brains and I don't think Yuri has one.
Zombies started climbing from the manholes.
Zoo officials say they're pursuing the cloning of animals like the banteng in an effort to boost the fragile gene pools of threatened species. Even so, Mr. Ryder says the zoo's primary mission remains the protection of rare species in the wild, not populating their exhibits.
Zooey Zephyr was right; Montana Republicans do have blood on their hands.
Zookeepers say that many animals love music.
Zookeepers say the animal loves music.
Zoology and botany are about the study of life.
Zoology and botany are dedicated to the study of life.
Zoology and botany deal with the study of life.
Zoology deals with the study of animal life.
Zoology has a number of sub-disciplines and related fields.
Zoology is my favorite subject.
Zoology is my favourite subject.
Zoom in on the face of that guy.
Zoom in on this picture so that we can better see it.
Zoom in on this picture so we can better see it.
Zoonotic diseases, meaning diseases transmitted by animals to humans, are increasing.
Zoos are a relic of the barbaric past. Animals should live in their natural habitats.
Zoos are experiencing declined revenues during the coronavirus shutdown.
Zoos are exploitative.
Zoos are like prisons for animals.
Zoroastrianism is based on the revelations of the Persian prophet Zarathustra, or Zoroaster in Greek.
Zoroastrianism uses fire for rituals and temple ornament.
Zoroastrians say their prophet's teachings are just as relevant today since deceit, violence and oppression are as prevalent as they were thousands of years ago.
Zoroastrians use fire in their rituals. Their temples have fire in them.
Zoroastrians value education and philanthropy.
Zsuzsi is two years younger than me.
Zucchini has water and fiber.
Zucchini helps prevent premature aging.
Zucchini helps protect your heart from diseases.
Zucchini helps treat arthritis.
Zucchini is a great addition to your daily diet.
Zucchini is a summer vegetable.
Zucchini is a variety of summer squash.
Zucchini is so good for us.
Zucchini keeps respiratory problems at bay.
Zucchini prevents glaucoma.
Zucchini regulates digestion.
Zucchinis are green.
Zucchinis look like cucumbers.
Zuckerberg banned me for 30 days.
Zuckerberg knows who ate what when.
Zugzwang is a situation in which the obligation to make a move in one's turn is a serious, often decisive, disadvantage.
Zulfiqar was the famous sword of Hazret-i Ali, fourth caliph of Islam.
Zurich is Switzerland's largest city.
Zurich is considered a major financial hub.
Zurich is considered one of the world's most important centres of finance.
Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.
Zurich is the largest city in Switzerland.
Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
Zwarte Piet is racism.
Zwina doesn't need an alarm clock.
Zwina isn't right.
Zymurgy... What a mouthful! And what does it mean?
Zynsky's widely acclaimed glass vessels are displayed in museums and at exhibitions around the world.
Zrich is considered to be a major financial hub.
Zrich is a city in Switzerland.
Zrich is considered to be a major financial hub.
Zrich, Switzerland's largest city, is a beautiful and enchanting place to visit.
addresess
ab is abbreviated as ab.
bell hooks doesnt capitalise her pen name.
b converges to b.
dwm is my window manager of choice.
e is an irrational number.
e to the power of 2 times pi is approximately 535.49.
https://www.weeklyinfo.in/2025/07/how-to-make-money-in-stock-market.html
iOS jailbreaking allows users of Apple devices running iOS (such as the iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch) to gain full, unrestricted access to the operating system, bypassing the limitations and security safeguards put in place by Apple.
iPhones have capacitive touchscreens.
iTunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for Apple.
ic
jEdit macros are written in BeanShell.
knowledge/understanding
many/very/quantity!
omg a n00b pwned me!
prototype.js - inserts update information into the page when the page is loaded.
ruSSia is currently stretched in its military commitment.
ruSSia's strategy in Ukraine is a long game. It dates back to centuries.
ruSSians are on the backfoot.
sky/god!
x does not belong to the set B because it belongs to the set A.
Did I do something stupid?  Yes, and so did I.
lvaro is from Venezuela. He is Venezuelan.
le, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.
amonn did it.
amonn is the one who made it.
lisabeth Borne is not yet born.
lisabeth Borne was born in Born.
ric Zemmour comes from a Jewish Algerian family.
va can't hurt my son anymore.
va is not like the other girls.
 is such a beautiful letter that I can't bring myself to replace it with ss in such a high number of words.
s there any lie which you didn't regret
yi adam.
ur is a Polish soup made of soured rye flour and meat.
 and  are Greek letters.
 equals approximately 3.14159.
 1 is a YouTube channel where you can watch Russian movies in Russian.
What were you thinking when you left the bag of dog food in the middle of the living room without keeping an eye on it?
Why didn't he tell the truth?
 is a synonym for .
/ !
!
 //
 // !
Even Tom realized it.
Tom reminded me what my duty was.
You don't have to apologize to me. However, you should definitely apologize to Tom.
The living fish is swimming under the water.
Will you tell him he can kiss my arse? Myles Crawford said throwing out his arm for emphasis.
But I have seen more than that, said he, for Hugo Baskerville passed me upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind him such a hound of hell as God forbid should ever be at my heels.
Cant you be happy for five minutes without Mary, Jim? says she.
Creole means pertaining to people who are descended from a mixed European and African background, especially in the Caribbean islands, and their culture and cuisine, or the languages of these people or of others.
I will marry her and nobody else, he thought.
Look, there, at the large cauldrons. The fire always burns under them. By day and by night I fill them full of peoples tears from this lake and heat them, so that they dry, until I dry the whole lake, until the steam rises up to the sky!
Often, its said, her sisters would tell her Salmacis, take up the hunting-spear or the painted quiver and vary your idleness with some hard work, hunting! But she takes up neither the hunting spear nor the painted quiver, and will not vary her idleness with the hardship of hunting.
Oh! says she, if my friends are not good enough for this house, then I am not good enough for it either.
Sarah, says I as I went in, this man Fairbairn is never to darken my door again. Why not? says she. Because I order it.
Strike a pose! Strike a pose! breathes Madonna, as her hit song Vogue begins to ooze from an overhead speaker.
Wezel is the Dutch for weasel. Both are derived from the Proto-Germanic *wisul.
Wheres Mary? I asked.
Without burning thirst, what is the brook for? Arkad Kulao asks in his verse.
Aha, they will say.
A comes before B in the alphabet.
Childhood friends are scary.
Cuz its a giant pain in the arse, if I dont wanna do something I just wont do it.
Dont worry. Im doing fine. :-)  "Eh ... smiley-face?"
Guillaume and Lebas will that not make a good business name? We might add, and Co. to round off the firms signature.
Madame Butterfly is set in Nagasaki.
Needless to say is often used as an idiomatic expression in the infinitive.
Number-withheld calls are scary, its best not to answer them.
Philosophy is a Greek word that means the love of wisdom.
Radioactivity is a chemical term.
Radioactivity is a chemistry term.
Round the corner came a large truck.
Run away will always work even with bosses and the last boss, so when youre in trouble lets run away.
Seminar, in universities, refers to debates and the presentation of research results by a few students.
Tammi with two ms. So thats T-A-M-M-I.
That has only the two cases, nominative and objective, and it does not inflect depending on the case.
The child is father to the man is certainly well said.
Tis very warm weather when ones in bed.
Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe; All mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe.
Verb refers to the predicate verb. Predicate verbs change their form depending on the subject and the time expressed.
can is an auxiliary verb, so in question sentences it is brought to the start of the phrase.
... truth, whose mother is history, who is the rival of time, depository of deeds, witness of the past, example and lesson to the present, and warning to the future.
A challenged world is an alert world. And from challenge comes change, according to the International Womens Day website.
A concert is different than just going online to find music. You really feel the atmosphere and the tension. Its an activity families can share, said Hugues de Saint Simon, the Philharmonies secretary-general.
A dogs nose is absolutely astounding, in terms of what it can detect, Logan told VOA. Were talking about parts per trillion. So its like a teaspoon of sugar in two Olympic-sized swimming pools, its that sort of equivalence.
A lot of times people don't believe people in isolation, but when you hear repeated stories that's when you begin to think these are systemic problems that we need to deal with. And that's powerful.
A telegram for you, Mr. Holmes, said he. Ha! It is the answer!
A woman without talent  thats virtue - true words from the ancients of a thousand-years ago.
Advertising was practically invented to sell cereal, says Heather Arndt Anderson, the author of "Breakfast: A History."
Ah, Colonel! said Holmes, arranging his rumpled collar.
Ah, love the robot. Love the robot, she makes my life a lot easier. It is like a tower that has got four trays. It will carry eight of our dinner plates in one go. She is geo-mapped to the floor (customer names, location of tables, etc.) The robot knows where all our tables are, Schai said.
Al was an American hero whose achievements in space and on Earth will never be forgotten, NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine said Wednesday.
All I do the whole day is slog with animals, fetch firewood, sweep, cook and wash dishes, she said. If I had studied I would have been saved from this.
All languages, invented by various human species, survive on the basis of adaptability, Parham explained. Emojis make a classic case for that.
Always remember to be happy because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
American cities in the late 19th, early 20th century were incredibly unhealthy places, says Richard White, professor emeritus of American history at Stanford University in California. High child death rates, repeated epidemics, and much of that was waterborne disease that came from both ineffective sewage and impure water. And infrastructure projects changed that dramatically. Probably it's been the most effective public health effort ever in the history of the United States.
And if it be Lady Ashton, said her lover to her in a low tone, what can be the occasion of such alarm? Surely the return of a lady to the family from which she has been so long absent should excite other sensations than those of fear and dismay.
And never shall this leave my bosom, said Lucy, as she hung the piece of gold round her neck, and concealed it with her handkerchief, until you, Edgar Ravenswood, ask me to resign it to you; and, while I wear it, never shall that heart acknowledge another love than yours.
And now, he said, after a moment's consideration, it is fit I should speak to Sir William Ashton; he must know of our engagement. Ravenswood must not seem to dwell under his roof to solicit clandestinely the affections of his daughter.
And now, said Major Doyle, rubbing his hands together as he half reclined in his big chair in a corner of the sitting room, now we shall enjoy a nice cosy winter in dear New York.
And then, when it comes to fruition, and you walk on and you see those Olympic rings and the size of the venues and really what's at stake  you know, most of us, our careers can be made by one-100th of a second or broken by one-100th of a second  so the pressure and the anxiety, the performance anxiety, can be very, very intense.
And you, a trained man of science, believe it to be supernatural? I do not know what to believe.
Anti-solar panels work by being cooler than heat radiated by the Earth at night, gathering that heat and converting it into electricity using a thermoelectric generator.
Are we really going to want to build a huge amount of infrastructure to protect coastlines that we really cannot protect? Are we going to want to set up sewage systems that, in fact, will be overwhelmed by ocean rise? We have a whole series of things which are going to be controversial because people live there now and they're going to want that infrastructure to protect them.
Are you hungry? Not yet.
Are you sure of that? exclaimed Lucy.
As a couple living in Italy for 12 years, and retiring on UK-earned pensions prior to the referendum, we have lost nearly 20 percent of our annual income due to the devaluation of sterling since UK citizens voted for Brexit in June 2016, says Donald Law, a retired British doctor living in Pisa, Italy.
As democracy is perfected, the office of president represents, more and more closely, the inner soul of the people. On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron, is a quote by H.L. Mencken.
As more aspects of everyday lives depend on the predictable functioning of satellites in low-Earth orbit, the understanding and ability to forecast the impact of space weather on these assets has become a national security need, said mission Principal Investigator Eftyhia Zesta.
Ask me no questions, dear Henry, said his unfortunate sister; there is little more can happen to make me either glad or sorry in this world.
At 2 oclock [a.m.] I was looking around the neighborhood. People were crying and the water was over the whole village. All the houses were gone. Some people were holding on to trees, some people were holding on to power poles, he said.
At NASA, we turn science fiction into science fact, and we do it daily. From continuing to launch astronauts to the International Space Station from American soil to landing the Perseverance rover on Mars and logging the first flight on another planet, 2021 was a banner year for the world's premier space agency and all of humanity, said NASA Administrator Bill Nelson, who was sworn into office May 3 by Vice President Kamala Harris.
At a certain age, no one wants to ask his parents for help, Lee says.
At first I was just posting on TikTok for fun, but since I have built a community and support system, I am taking content creation more seriously, Ray said.
At least its living in the wild. Its making its own living. Its having the lifestyle that turtles or that parrots should have; its just doing it in a different place, Shaffer said.
Awesome! exclaims Jacob, 6, as he enters the newest exhibit at the National Museum of American Art.
Aww, theyre so cute, says a traveler who passes some therapy dogs that strut like runway models along a United Airlines concourse with their pet parents at Dulles International Airport outside Washington.
Aballet company in particular, the people you work with and especially the dancers,they become like family,says Keesler.
Be in no doubt that I can continue to work, he said, thanks to the wizardry of modern technology to lead the national fight against the coronavirus.
Because our tools today are more sensitive, Elsila said, we can analyze things that are present in tiny amounts. We also now can separate chemical compounds from a mixture, making it easier to identify them.
Because this species is so commonly exploited for food and the pet industry, its the one that gets released the most often, said Brad Shaffer, UCLA distinguished professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and director of the La Kretz Center for California Conservation Science.
Birds born in a cage think that flying is an illness.
Bjrn, I've travelled to various worlds via sci-fi. It's marvellous!" "I bet, Ragnar."
Blackfeet Boxing: Not Invisible is a documentary that shows how Native American women at the Blackfeet reservation in Browning, Montana, take up boxing to defend themselves.
Boost local businesses with the Gyeonggi local voucher, the sign reads.
But he hasnt returned since? Lord no. What did you want?
But other than that, theyre nice, he said. They dont treat me differently.
But society has not coalesced around some of these other occasions that individual women might say are more important days to be celebrated, she says. But society has accepted the idea that on a woman's wedding day, this is a day that she deserves to be the center of attention, that everyone should see her as the star of the show.
But why a rendezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house? Do you think a woman could go alone at that hour to a bachelors house?
By having the genome information, we can pick out those tomato plants that have more of those genes for sweetness, redness, viscous juice, or whatever breeders are looking for.
Can I tell them how you are the brightest in your class, the most beautiful and the kindest? the grandmother asked her 17-year-old granddaughter.
Canceling someone involves withdrawing support for a public figure or company deemed by others to have said or done something considered objectionable or offensive.
Carbon dioxide is the main one which we need to get to zero-emissions by the middle of the century. But weve also shown that methane is an important gas to reduce. Its caused maybe as much as half a degree (Celsius) of the warming weve already seen, Collins added.
Change does not happen overnight, Marin said.
Change does not happen overnight, Marin said. We had to harness the resources of the whole society because we simply could not disregard half of the population.
Chinese researchers have suggested the virus might have come through the traditional Chinese medicine of using bat feces for eye ointment, David Olsen, conservation director for WWF, said in regard to the coronavirus.
Combining fine dining and ethnic food was not necessarily something people would go for in the past, but this has changed recently, Mihaila says.
Come on, pay attention, dont let me get it wrong. I am more prepared to listen than you to recite.
Crisis management has always been her forte, whether saving the euro during the global financial crisis of 2009, keeping Europe together during the refugee crisis, or now coping with the pandemic, Judy Dempsey of the think tank Carnegie Europe, noted recently in a commentary on Merkels legacy.
Curiouser and curiouser! cried Alice.
Cursed, the day I was born; I had the worst afflictions wrapped up in my little hands; so that they'll never leave me...", sang Lounes Matoub, peace to his soul, and taken up here by Sadia Hamidi, whom we congratulate for her excellent interpretation and her feelings.
Dark energy makes up the majority of the cosmos, but we dont actually know what it is, said Jason Rhodes, a senior research scientist at NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Southern California. By narrowing down possible explanations, Roman could revolutionize our understanding of the universe  and dark energy is just one of the many topics the mission will explore!
Dear brother, Ill do no such thing, Im far too young for marrying. Then why so oft do I hear it said, that thou preparest thee to wed?
Dear me! Dear me! he said at last.
Dear me, said he, it was only this moment at breakfast that I was saying to my friend, Dr. Watson, that sensational cases had disappeared out of our papers.
Despite a major upscaling of single-family houses since 1980, house satisfaction has remained steady in American suburbs, Bellet writes in the report.
Did you like the movie? No, not at all.
Did you understand the meaning of this paragraph?" "Yes, I can explain it to you, if you want."
Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong! clashed the great bell on the locomotive, and with much creaking and clanking and letting off of steam, with iron scraping on iron and one last, long drawn whistle of the air-brakes, the train came slowly to a stop.
Dismount then, and draw, said Bucklaw.
Do not dispute over the truth with someone who does not know the truth; but from the person who is eager to know the truth, do not withhold words from him
Do not judge, or you too will be judged. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.
Do not, he said, urge to farther desperation a wretch who is already desperate. Enjoy your life while you can, and let me seek my death from another.
Do we really want to build infrastructure in places where we're no longer going to be able to inhabit? White says.
Do you hold it in memory? So I think.
Do you remember it? I think so.
Do you speak Greek? "Yes, I speak a little Greek, very little."
Do you suspect me, by chance, he said, to have allowed myself to be hoodwinked by Thaller?
Dont follow you, said Filby.
Dont make me add more to your sentence, said the judge.
Droughts, intense rainfalls, cyclones, rising sea levels  all of these things conspire almost uniquely against sub-Saharan Africa, explained Orme.
Eerie, it's eerie out there, M.J. Shoenberg, a Los Angeles resident and preschool teacher, said.
Especially the alcohol-free types are currently very much sought after, said Marc-Oliver Huhnholz, from the German Brewer-Association.
Even though President Trump has talked about being at war with the pandemic, in the case of Wilson and the Spanish flu, the United States really was at war, said Thomas Schwartz, professor of history at Vanderbilt University.
Every cloud has a silver lining. Or so the saying goes.
Everyone is in a panic, said a staff worker at an Ivy-League university on the East Coast, who asked to remain anonymous.
Everything for 50 rubles is my favorite store.
Everything is possible, the boy from Dollbergen said, tying his shoe with an earthworm.
Excuse me. Are you Fernando Lopez?. Yes, I am.
Existing buildings already have a lot of embodied energy that has gone into creating them, and as long as we can get them a new lease on life, then that can be a very sustainable thing to do, says Strachan Forgan, an architect and principal at Solomon Cordwell Buenz.
Exploring the Suns corona with a spacecraft has been one of the hardest challenges for space exploration, said Nicola Fox, project scientist at APL.
Fans are brutal, he said. They are brutal, but they are great. You learn what they like, what they dont like, what characters they like. Some are more reserved, they just buy a book, get it autographed and leave, but some of them will come up and talk for an hour.
Fear not, nurse, answered Telemachus, my scheme is not without heavens sanction; but swear that you will say nothing about all this to my mother, till I have been away some ten or twelve days, unless she hears of my having gone, and asks you; for I do not want her to spoil her beauty by crying.
Fisherman, ends the ballad, have you seen the daughter of the sea combing her golden hair in the midday sun at the fringes of the beach?
For days we have lived in fear of the virus and then we woke up to the destructive force of an earthquake, said Maja Beck, who watched in horror as things rattled around her.
Forgive me, said Ravenswood, taking her right hand, which, after slight resistance, she yielded to him, still continuing to shade her face with the left.
Frame By Frames Number One entry on the Country Albums chart makes her only the second newcomer to debut in the top spot this year.
Generations are pretty bogus. The labels we use to casually slice up society  boomer, millennial, Gen X, Gen Z  are a nearly useless way of thinking about politics, culture or business in America, wrote journalist Farhad Manjoo in The New York Times in 2019.
Get out! cried Hugh, pushing his brothers hand away and walking off in high dudgeon, in search of Walter, who, for some reason, had not come with his sister.
Given current concentrations and ongoing emissions of greenhouse gases, it is likely that by the end of this century ... the worlds oceans will warm and ice melt will continue, according to the U.N. 2018 climate report.
Go back! she said. Go straight back to London, instantly.
Go, she's waiting for you.
Good heavens! I cried, in amazement.
Hamlets are the future of Italy as coronavirus shows the classic office job in the big city is the past, Anna Laura Orrico, the Italian culture minister, said recently.
Have you found out anything? I have found out everything!
Have you memorised it? I think so yes.
Having children in the home was associated with more drinking, Lindsey Rodriguez recently told NBC News.
Hawkins, I said, solemnly, far be it from me to disparage your work; but I recall most distinctly the Hawkins Aero-motor, which moted you to the top of that maple tree and dropped you on my devoted head.
He got a little too close to a turtle or an alligator, he explained. You can see the elongated bite mark.
He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late. No, no, surely not!
He sent us an email afterward saying it was more difficult to get into Juilliard than Harvard, recalled his mother.
He who does not know cannot know, said Saint Augustine (Aurelius Augustinus).
Here men think that women are only meant to do housework and give birth to children, said Islam passionately. We have to change this thinking. If we have equality under the law, how can society have this gender discrimination?
Hey listen! Tom asked me out on a date to go to the aquarium - in my dream. What, so it was just a dream?
Honestly, its kind of crazy, he says.
How long has your mother been ill? About two weeks.
How may I help you? the sales clerk asked.
Howdy-do! said I aloud to the fattest and reddest carnation that overtopped all the rest.
I also think that social media, specifically, has taken away from my education, in that I have spent so much time on it when I could have been doing other, more beneficial things, she added.
I am neither the right wing nor the left wing. I am the bird, says an Indian proverb.
I am sure that the chancellor herself has many of the characteristics that make the people of Templin and of northeastern Germany unique: her quiet composure, her down-to-earth nature and what you also see in her is this Prussian tenacity  that when you start something, you stick with it to the end, Tabbert told VOA.
I am the type of person who likes to be out and about with other people, she said.
I answered the phone, Connie, the results are in. I kind of held my breath for a second, she recalled. You're negative. Negative? I couldnt believe it.
I appreciate that they put a Chinese character in that game, and the fact that shes a scientist and shes smart. Shes helping save the world, Ye said.
I argue that the best way to get gender transformative policies is to have more women in high-level decision-making positions, she said.
I came here to share my knowledge and my experience with the younger generation of artisans, Rouzic said.
I can bring my laptop for you to copy it. Oh, dont bother, no need to carry it around, Id rather give you a memory stick later.
I can hardly think that you would find many decent citizens to agree with you, I answered.
I can understand Lithuanian; I can even read it a little, but I write like a horse, Inga joked.
I cant do this. You have to help me. Why? Im the one who needs help.
I decided that I wanted to tell my story and tell it the way that I wanted it to be told," she said.
I decided to drive far away from D.C. to get supplies," he said, after seeing people on social media complaining about empty shelves and lines out the doors at some stores.
I declare, my recitation has made you cry, Marilla, said Anne gaily, stooping over Marillas chair to drop a butterfly kiss on that ladys cheek. Now, I call that a positive triumph.
I do not know how it is, said his brother one day: when I go out with Robert nutting, he gets all the nuts; and when I go out rabbiting, he gets all the rabbits; and when we go out fishing together, he catches all the fish.
I do think its important that there be a proper tribute to Princess Diana, royal author Fitzwilliams told VOA. She had a truly extraordinary life, and indeed her reaching out to AIDS sufferers and also her campaign against landmines are titanic achievements. If you consider the way also that the British people took her so much to their hearts and the outpouring of grief when she tragically died.
I don't feel like going to college today." Then stay home. No, I'm not doing that either. Why not?
I don't like to see the poor thing struggle on a pin; if it must be killed, let us put it out of pain at once with a drop of camphor, said Mrs. Jo, getting out the bottle.
I don't want to say that the 19th century was a better time, but it was a happier time, a history professor once said.
I dont believe that we are going to be able to flatten the curve enough to meet the capacity of the health care system, Governor Andrew Cuomo told reporters in the state capital, Albany.
I dont mind which party runs the country as long as the inflation rate goes down, the price of gasoline goes down, and we have paved roads and access to electricity, he said.
I dont owe anyone else an explanation, she said.
I dont want to be pompous or exaggerate, but I believe our strength is diversity, including the strengthening of our society through immigrants, the fact that people from different economic, ethnic and social backgrounds can not only live together but become, in our case, extremely close friends," he said.
I feel like we should all unite together as a nation and as a country because our differences are what makes us stronger, Zhao said.
I felt very scared. I had never seen something like this before. It was so dangerous, she told VOA.
I fluctuate between wanting to mark Brexit quietly but symbolically with some friends in Berlin, or just staying home with my husband and going across the road to our local bar for a couple of strong cocktails. Or maybe just going to bed and hiding under the duvet. Whatever I end up doing, the mood deep down will be sadness, she said.
I get coughing spells typically in the evening," Armstrong said.
I get such joy helping animals, Campana says, as his workshop companion, his cute little white dog, sits by his side.
I hate you! he shouted.
I have a tremendous chance, what happiness; and my head upside down, and I'm dying, sings the beautiful Lycia Nabeth.
I have never seen anything like this, Toda said, standing outside the eatery he opened 40 years ago.
I have no doubt that it's real, says Surina Khan, CEO of the Womens Foundation of California. We just have to go to any store, and you can see that, let's say, a pink razor blade versus a blue one that men use, the pink one costs more. Haircuts cost more. Women's clothing cost more. It's definitely present and part of our reality.
I have not, said the Provincial Mayor.
I heard its people who eat mice who have this disease, a vendor in her 20s told VOA.
I highly recommend Wikipedia for anyone with unbridled curiosity! Amodio told VOA. I am constantly asking questions about the world, and the fact that answers to those questions are at our fingertips is an unbelievable gift.
I honestly did not imagine for a second that we would shut down, she said.
I hope that this is just a small trip to Los Angeles, he said.
I just couldn't see sharing a bed with somebody that agreed with what Trump was doing when I was so against everything that Trump represented, says Merrill, a book editor for a trade association, and the mother of three children.
I just want him to live the last few years of his life the best he can, Lackas says of her beloved pet.
I know. It's hard to believe a fat guy would be picky.
I like this spot, said Lucy at length, as if she found the silence embarrassing.
I live in Russia, and you? I live in Ukraine.
I love having animals around the house, Jill Biden told Washingtons Fox 5 earlier this year.
I love the way you love, but I hate the way I'm supposed to love you back.
I mean, its not like it hasnt been done before, he said.
I observed the very instant that I entered the room that you have a portrait group of three ladies upon the mantelpiece, one of whom is undoubtedly yourself, while the others are so exceedingly like you that there could be no doubt of the relationship. Yes, you are quite right. Those are my sisters, Sarah and Mary.
I often think about what it must have felt like for him that very first day he walked into the Capitol into the assembly. And he was the only one, the only Black man, Rainey told VOA. My great-grandfather was prepared to be in Congress. He had a steel core but became a very moving figure through the years he was there, she said.
I posted the NASA stickers all over my room, she said.
I really hope that Spain makes this nomad visa work. They have one of the best internet systems in Europe and a great quality of life, he added.
I really like his game and he is becoming more and more important for Milan.
I really value the legacy that different peoples around the world bring to our humanity today, he said. And as the world becomes a more homogenized place, I think it's really important to be remembering all of the different possible ways that it is to be human.
I remember going to Asia for the first time and theres a very specific emotion that you feel thats like, Oh, this feels like home but its not my home and these people dont see me as being part of this, he said.
I see a cafe yonder, said Lemercier; let us learn all we can as to the fair unknown, over a sorbet or a petit verre.
I still can't put it into words. I mean from being able to see absolutely nothing, it's pitch black, to all of a sudden seeing little flickers of light move around, Esterhuizen said.
I swear it to you on all I hold sacred. I never went. Something intervened to prevent my going. What was that? That is a private matter. I cannot tell it.
I thank you for my life, Master, he pursued.
I think (technology) has been a really good tool for doing research, and having all sorts of information at my fingertips has helped me be proactive in my learning in some ways, Liebers said.
I think Wright's work was unique because he was unique, says architectural historian William Richards.
I think emojis are convenient and easy to use, but within limits, said Mingda She, senior accounting major at Temple University.
I think most people now feel like we are headed towards a recession if not already in a recession, at least in the United States, if not globally, said Shaki Abbas, director of economic policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
I think one of the most powerful things is that it's really brought attention to the issue of sexual harassment to sexual assault and it has provided a way for women to collectivize their stories, Johnson says.
I think right now a lot of people are struggling with anxiety, uncertainty, maybe an adjustment in their routine, workload, working from home  there's a lot to be focused on, she said.
I think she saw the kind of music I played as music for old people, her Dad explains.
I think so, murmured the Provincial Mayor; and, knitting his brows, he lapsed into an introspective state, his lips moving as one who repeats mystic words.
I think we both did quite well, but he started out with no advantages, whereas I started out with tremendous advantages," Lord said.
I think were going to be a very different country in this century than we were in the last century, and largely because of this younger generation and their racial diversity, and their different attitudes about social issues, Frey said.
I think when I am feeling happy, I send a 'laughing face with tears of joy' emoji to emphasize that. But when I am feeling nervous, I send the same emoji to express self-deprecation, he explained.
I think, after its over, everything's going to be a booming economy, Halteh says. I feel optimistic.
I thought that the Korean language section was alright. English was easy. The math and science sections were pretty difficult because there were many types of problems that I wasnt accustomed to, said Yun Jae Kim, a high school senior who studied the science course at Sangsan High School in Jeonju.
I want to congratulate the team on this incredible achievement  Webbs launch marks a significant moment not only for NASA, but for thousands of people worldwide who dedicated their time and talent to this mission over the years, said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
I was a sophomore and had this massive crush on a cute guy who was a couple of grades older than me, she says laughing.
I was glad that the farmers market was open, said Shoenberger, who by chance saw a small outdoor farmers market by a park that consisted of three vendors.
I was really bored. I was really looking for more stimulation in school, he said.
I was surprised I didnt get court-martialed, the man who is remembered fondly in Germany as the Candy Bomber recounted. I did something pretty radical there. I knew I was out of bounds.
I was very shocked, he said.
I wave this rooster above your head, Praying to God and the holy spirits, To grant all of us good health, happiness and peace. If your omen is bad, this rooster will make it good. If it is good, this rooster will make it better still.
I went lickety-split on my crutches nearly as fast as a boy could run, he cried, immensely proud of this achievement, and I was there in time and got a front seat.
I went on Amazon just to look at what was available on Amazon and it looks like people are ripping everyone off," says employee Kallie Stavros.
I went to my local university and I stayed at home, which was nice, Brinkmann said. It allowed me to save up money for traveling and doing my own hobbies.
I will follow my path. I don't think I'll be back, had said the rebel singer Matoub, long before they murdered him.
I wish you all, he said, my friends, to understand, however, that I have neither story to tell nor injuries to avenge. If a lady shall question me henceforward upon the incident of that unhappy night, I shall remain silent, and in future consider her as one who has shown herself desirous to break of her friendship with me; in a word, I will never speak to her again. But if a gentleman shall ask me the same question, I shall regard the incivility as equivalent to an invitation to meet him in the Duke's Walk, and I expect that he will rule himself accordingly.
I'll be joining the center for doctoral training in wind and marine energy systems and structures, she said.
I'm literally living my dream right now doing community-based conservation and land restoration, she wrote to VOA.
I'm working at home right now...not meeting anybody, says Lee.
I've never seen anything like this before. It's very sad. I don't know how a deer got this deep into downtown but obviously it must have seen it's reflection in the window it's very sad.
If a lady, he said, asked him any question upon the subject, he would neither answer her nor speak to her again while he lived; if a gentleman, he would consider it as a mortal affront, and demand satisfaction as having received such.
If glaciers are melting then first people get a little bit more water, but then there comes a time when actually there will be a reduction in contribution of glacier melt into our river systems, according to Molden.
If music and language are so intimately coupled, we may be able to design rehabilitation treatments that use musical training to help individuals improve speech-related functions that have been impaired due to age, aphasia or stroke, Bidelman said.
If some companies are offering (remote work), then it's going to force the hand of other companies, says Cathleen Swody, an organizational psychologist at Thrive Leadership.
If successful, this will be the first known recovery of a meteorite from the ocean! the group reported on its website.
If the British people ever decide to come back, our arms will be open, a Spanish lawmaker said.
If theres hope, it lies with Gen X, she said, referring to the age group sandwiched between Boomers and millennials, born 1965 to 1980.
If we are not successful were going to lose this amazing species in a very short period of time, she says.
If we let the virus spread like wildfire, especially in the most vulnerable regions of the world, it would kill millions of people, Antonio Guterres warned.
If you are an alien, how come you sound like youre from the north? Lots of planets have a north!
If you can use recycled material from old sources to bring new generations of birds into the world -- and other creatures -- it makes a wonderful statement about our purpose in the world, that we dont just exploit it, but rather we give something back, he explained.
If you can't scratch yourself, no one can do it for you, Ali Ideflawen says in his song Mohand, my bud.
If you lost them in the near-by wood, said the Fairy, well look for them and find them, for everything that is lost there is always found.
If you meet a worthy man, try to be like him. If you meet a mediocre man, look for his faults in yourself, Confucius said. Such is going life.
If you must have a weapon, he said, upon such a peaceful occasion, why did you not use the short poniard sent from Edinburgh on purpose?
If you try to image a planet, you run into several difficulties, he explains. One is that their separation is very small on the sky. So, you need to spatially resolve and isolate the signal of the planet. So, you need a certain size telescope to do that. The problem is earths atmosphere blurs out the images, and so it exacerbates the issue.
If you value your life, you should remain home, he said, addressing elderly Russians, in particular.
If your mother is willing, I will take you for a walk with me, said Seor Vasquez, smiling indulgently at his twin son and daughter.
Il pleut comme vache qui pisse is a particularly ugly French expression.
In France, Hung worked as a dishwasher in restaurants, his father told VOA. But he got back pain after a while doing the work. Hung told me he wanted to go to England as friends told him that working in a nail spa is more comfortable and he may get better pay.
In an urban environment, you dont have that many spaces to choose from, and so rooftops are just unutilized space, said Caitlin Arlotta, a graduate student in the schools Urban Agriculture program. So its a really good way to not have to restructure your city necessarily and be able to incorporate green roofs.
In my view, young people who dont care about climate change are not paying attention, he wrote.
In recent years we've noticed that the artists in our shows have been working with more renewable materials and methods that are environmentally safe, said JoAnn Symons, president of the Smithsonian Womens Committee. So weve decided we would reward those efforts by offering the Sustainability Award every year in our show.
In the U.S., it may not seem very common to use hibiscus leaves and sweet potato leaves as food, but in many places around the world it is, Arlotta said.
Individuals who watched a great deal of television in the first week after 9/11 were more likely to exhibit post-traumatic stress symptomatology and physical health ailments years later, she says.
Initially, a new horror, annulled the other. But in the end, the virus turned out to be much more deadly and it is not over yet, she added.
Insofar as there are problems at the moment caused by teething problems, people not filling in the right forms or misunderstandings. And when it's not people's fault, of course, we're going to compensate and to help out. And funds have been put in place to do that, Johnson told reporters January 18.
Irma and I spent the whole week before, calling the people in the community trying to put together a welcome for you. A week? Yup, answered the old man quietly.
Is Miss Cushing at home? asked Holmes.
Is it possible for me, with ordinary decency, to turn a young gentleman out of my house, who saved my daughter's life and my own, but the other morning, as it were?
Is not that rather a large thing to expect us to begin upon? said Filby, an argumentative person with red hair.
Is there no such thing as a gentleman? she gasped.
It becomes very difficult for these individuals to understand where they are in the world and to define themselves differently when they feel like they can't do their sport, says Rachel Goldman, a clinical psychologist affiliated with the New York University School of Medicine, who has worked with college athletes and dancers.
It had been a major sound, a metallic echoing, a bang that came through the spacecraft, Haise recalled.
It is I, you old fool, answered Ravenswood, in bodily shape and alive, save that I am half dead with cold.
It is better to be hated for who you are, than to be loved for someone you are not.
It is called a kowari," said ecologist John Augusteyn, who shot the footage.
It is difficult, and it is dangerous too, to work at 1400 degrees centigrade, she said referring to the intense heat the furnace must generate to melt glass.
It is illegal to install structures or art without authorization on federally managed public lands, no matter what planet youre from, the Utah Department of Public Safety said in a statement.
It is my motherit is my mother! said Lucy, turning as pale as ashes, and clasping her hands together as she looked at Ravenswood.
It is still very dangerous right now, said Ki, especially in enclosed public spaces like offices, churches, hospitals, coin karaoke rooms, or computer gaming centers.
It is women who preserve our mother tongue. Ah, if they were all of your caliber!" Aksil said to his daughter-in-law.
It really is horrific, and unfortunately, this is just the beginning of the heat and humidity deaths which were going to see, which we can attribute directly to human-caused climate change, Ilan Kelman, a professor of disasters and health at University College London, said in an interview with VOA.
It seemed like every day they were trying something different, Smith recalled.
It seems like anythings OK. There are no barriers or any way to stop what I think are rude, insensitive and ridiculous remarks, she says.
It still gives me goosebumps when you fit a dog, and he maybe has never taken a step in his life, or he has been injured for months, and is just starting to gain his mobility -- that joy you see, that smile, that sparkle, that wagging of their tail, Campana says with a smile.
It was a deadly sin, said Lucy, turning pale, to make a vow so fatal.
It was fun because they sang happy birthday, we did a scavenger hunt and we did a dance party, Emma added.
It was relatively easy to get inside and go upstairs to the second floor. That's where the president worked before the West Wing was built, says Matthew Costello of the White House Historical Association.
It was shortly after he got to the hospital that we got a text. He tested positive for COVID, Armstrong said.
It's a hot market. We have never seen this market so hot in the last decade, says Gay Cororaton, NARs senior economist and director of housing and commercial research.
It's also fun because they don't eat my cake and don't make a mess around my house, Emma said with the practicality of an adult.
It's maybe faster or easier to get a conversion project approved, particularly in markets, such as California, where it's very hard to get new projects entitled, Forgan says.
It's not just about millennials, it's not just about [Gen] Z [people under 24], we also see that boomers are making a transition, he added. Their percentage of moving into rental properties is growing in the last five years.
Its a horrible feeling not to be able to breathe, he said.
Its a mistake to ask, When did clowns go bad,  because clowns were never really good. Clowns have always been ambiguous.
Its a moment that just changes your whole life, he said.
Its a rewarding opportunity for me to get to meet all kinds of great people walking through the door, working with our staff, with the farmers were working with all the time. Azeez says.
Its important to recognize that what were seeing this year is due to warmer stratospheric temperatures, Newman said. Its not a sign that atmospheric ozone is suddenly on a fast track to recovery.
Its just bantz is what people say when they dont want to admit theyve been an arse.
Its overwhelming, she says.
Its so great that you have so many sensitive musicians, said Peter Rainer, a violinist who serves as concertmaster, the link between the musicians and conductor.
Its so weird to be like, I have no idea what Im doing, she said.
Id like to buy a tie and a dress shirt, Tom replied.
Ill probably end up going to Harvard Law, I hope, he said casually.
Im always struck when I see the Robie House in Chicago, says architect Susan Piedmont-Palladino.
Im an outgoing person, she added. It is really frustrating to stay home and not meet with people.
Im dying without you. Ill come to your funeral.
Im happy to be here and see the different sites and how each culture interprets devotion to God in different ways, said Michael Aliprandini from the U.S. state of Arizona.
Im stockpiling on ramen, says Mason Sell, a grad student at George Washington University.
Im working from home, a friend said on her Facebook page.
Ive never been this sick, ever  the fever, the headaches, it just wont go away, he said.
Joseph Rainey is someone who can be described as the founding father of our nation, said Bobby Donaldson, a history professor at the University of South Carolina. He literally helped to rebuild this country in the aftermath of the Civil War and helped to envision a nation following emancipation during this extraordinary era called Reconstruction, Donaldson told VOA.
Just like that, she said, having risen from a kneeling position and turning her face, flushed from blowing to kindle a fire, to the motionless woman. Ive lit a fire, and it will be warmer and brighter for you directly.
Just like you might be accustomed to Ford or Chevy, on the farm, its either Case or John Deere, said farmer Megan Dwyer of Colona, Illinois.
Khawa-Khawism is a sedative euthanasia lure, whose awakening will be dramatic for its unfortunate followers and for Kabylia as well.
Kids who were kids then tell me how it was to be walking to school and out of the clouds came a parachute with candy bars that almost hit them on the head, he said.
Kinda sucks, Walsh said the students responded. Most said they wouldnt return until after spring break, later, or not at all this semester.
Large amounts of snow fall on the surface late in the summer and quickly insulate the water from the subfreezing air temperatures above, allowing the water to persist all year long, said Rick Forster, lead author and professor of geography at the University of Utah.
Laura is expected to be a major hurricane at landfall, said the U.S. National Hurricane Center.
Let me book you a flight home, my brother said over the phone.
Let us repeat it together, so both of us will recite it more accurately to the Master. You start then, as you challenged me.
Life is always better with a Girl Scout by your side, and Prince Harry truly hit the jackpot, enthused a post on Girl Scout Blog.
Listen to this! A farmer went out to scatter seed.
Listen, I can admit I made a mistake, he told VOA. I wouldnt wish what happened to my wife and me on anyone. It was truly horrible and Im getting the vaccine as soon as I can.
Long live the shadow! Eating comes after, says the heat-stricken dog.
Look at that with your magnifying glass, Mr. Holmes. Yes, I am doing so.
Look, Australia, as a lot of post-British colonial countries suffered from a huge amount of introduction of exotic species early in their colonization histories, he said.
Love and hate are both strong emotions.
Love and hate are opposites.
Mafalda was published in more than two dozen languages.
Many of Cambaytheriums features, like the teeth, the number of sacral vertebrae, and the bones of the hands and feet, are intermediate between Perissodactyla and more primitive animals, Rose says.
Many of our tourists just want to cross the bridge and see the bridge, since our groups consists mostly of old people, she said.
Many people got in touch to tell me that their attitude to sea pollution has completely changed since taking part in this challenge, she said.
Mars used to be a wet planet with a thick atmosphere, said Gina DiBraccio.
Miss Sarah Cushing is extremely ill, said he.
Mistakes were made, its good to acknowledge that, only so that it does not happen again, she explained.
More than 6,500 people have climbed Everest while only 337 have conquered K2 to date, said Sabir, who also successfully scaled Mount Everest.
Most failures with orchids are because of overwatering," said Hachadourian.
Mum, whats a fireman? Its like someone who does the watering of a building.
My God! he whispered. What was it? What, in Heavens name, was it? Its dead, whatever it is, said Holmes.
My chest is about to burst.My lungs are full." 
"Me too, hey, they're saturated."
My dear Watson, said the well-remembered voice, I owe you a thousand apologies. I had no idea that you would be so affected.
My lord, I am much indebted for the interest you have taken in my affairs, said Ravenswood.
My mom had to take any jobhanding out leaflets, making empanadas, selling food, babysitting, she said of her childhood era, a near 13-year-span during which she and her family lived under the radar, undocumented.
My mother bailed on us kids when I was eleven and my brother was eight. After she left, my dad looked after us for awhile, until his drinking got the better of him, and then he bailed on us too. Gosh, Mary, thats a terrible story. Im really sorry you had to go through all that. Well, I think I turned out okay, even despite our neglectful parents.
My name is unnecessary, answered the stranger.
My parents would never be upset with me if I had bad grades if I showed that I actually tried it, she said. My parents would really get annoyed at me though, if I was just like not doing anything and then got a bad grade  that was bad. So, they were definitely into education.
My thought was well I wish I had known about this 10 years ago when I was actually looking at schools, he said.
NYU ignores the fact that us art students will be paying full price for an education that lacks the facilities, equipment, technology, services and hands-on experience we are explicitly paying for, the petition states.
News and current events are definitely something my life has always been centered around, says Hannah Zeller, 21.
No one seems to want to listen to the other side, and its halting any possible progress that could be made otherwise in terms of finding out how best to run the country and what would make the most people happy, said Christopher Charles Laverde, 22.
No other president would have done what I did, said Donald Trump.
Nobody has given up their ideology, said the maximum leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) Rodrigo Londono (better known by his alias of Timochenko), in a speech after signing the peace pact with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos.
Now all countries must develop that same muscle memory and invest in the measures that will prevent, control and mitigate the next crisis, Tedros said.
Now ef ye alls dont quit fussin, Ill set the boogers arter ye ter-night, which was a dire and telling threat, for, to the mountain children, boogers meant ghosts, witches, hobgoblins, thieves, or any other terrible, mysterious creature of the night.
Now, it is very remarkable that this is so extensively overlooked, continued the Time Traveller, with a slight accession of cheerfulness. Really this is what is meant by the Fourth Dimension, though some people who talk about the Fourth Dimension do not know they mean it. It is only another way of looking at Time. There is no difference between Time and any of the three dimensions of Space except that our consciousness moves along it. But some foolish people have got hold of the wrong side of that idea. You have all heard what they have to say about this Fourth Dimension?
O Allah, You created me when I was not worthy of mention; And You provided for me when I had nothing; And I wronged my soul and sinned, and I confess my guilt. If You forgive me, that will in no way diminish Your sovereignty; And if You punish me, that will in no way augment Your authority. You can find others to punish besides me, But I can find no one to forgive me but You. Truly, You are the most merciful of those who show mercy.
Oh, if you be a man, she saidif you be a gentleman, assist me to find my father!"
Oh, my God! I gasped. What is it? What does it mean?
Oh, you hate your job? Why didn't you say so? There's a support group for that. It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar.
On YouTube you need at least 1,000 subscribers and a certain amount of watch time to monetize content, Ray said.
On the International Shark Attack File, most of the shark attacks happen in the USA, followed by Australia, then South Africa and then Europe, and theres a few islands like Reunion, which tends to get a, you know, disproportionate number of shark attacks, he said.
On the contrary, I have been to Devonshire. In spirit? Exactly. My body has remained in this armchair, and has, I regret to observe, consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco."
Once youve seen or read about people who for example are willing to save the life of a buffalo with a broken leg and carry it over the Himalayas, you don't forget that, he noted.
One dollar store is my favorite store.
One of the fun things about some of the fossils is, they tell stories, Bowen said, pointing to a fossilized stingray hanging on the shop wall.
One of the things that we could be pushing a lot harder is paleo tourism, Bowen said.
Ooh, those fish cakes look tasty! Can I try them? No, dont! Theyre for New Years! Jeez, stingy much?
Operation Little Vittles, as Halvorsens candy drop came to be known, wasnt exactly authorized.
Other communes have access to clean water, but not us, Prem said. We need access to electricity and clean water.
Our small town was really invaded by fire. It is a catastrophe. The entire Calaforno Park and the surrounding area went up in flames, said Giovanna Licitra, a resident of Giarratana.
PEPFAR was probably one of the best things in his presidency, Barry said. It got pretty much universal applause.
Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism, said Macron. Nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism.
People are coming in for chest X-rays eight months later and are still unable to take a deep breath," she said.
People are really reassessing whether the workers are going to return to these office spaces. And potentially, there's a lot of office space, therefore, that could be available for conversion, Forgan says.
People are very fearful of the virus, he added.
People hear Girl Scouts and think, Oh, those cute little girls that sell the cookies and make macaroni necklaces and thats it, Ferland said. It is so much more than that.
People in Templin  the majority of them  are very proud that a woman from Templin became the chancellor as well as the most powerful woman in the world, he said.
People like myself and others dream about it from the time they're little girls, she says.
People want bigger gongs with good sound so thats why we began casting iron metal giant gongs, craftsman Than Zaw explains, noting their innovation has allowed them to fight back against what is regarded here as an inferior imported product.
Plague caused a shock to the economy of the Italian peninsula that might have been key in starting its relative decline compared with the emerging northern European countries, noted Italian historian Guido Alfani in an academic paper on the impact of the 17th century plague.
Police initially launched pepper balls, which contain powder with an irritant that disperses quickly, that were unsuccessful in reducing the crowd size, university officials said in a statement.
Purely symbolic languages can never be as specific as verbal ones, Parham said.
Quarantine is a lot of sitting and waiting, she said.
Radishes are a different kind of crop compared to leafy greens that astronauts previously grew on the space station, or dwarf wheat which was the first crop grown in the APH, said Nicole Dufour.
Ravenswood, said Colonel Ashton, crossing him as he went out, you shall account for this ere long. When you please, replied Ravenswood.
Really, Watson, you excel yourself, said Holmes.
Really, sir, this is a very extraordinary question. I am sorry, madam, but I must repeat it. Then I answercertainly not.
Repurposed old buildings can bring back life to a neighborhood by preserving its unique identity and showcasing its history, Ciuntu says.
Request nothing of ME, my lord, said the stranger, in a stern and peremptory tone; I am the Master of Ravenswood.
Right now, visiting a museum online is entertainment for those with time on their hands, he said.
Saved your life! I have heard of that story, said the lady. The Lord Keeper was scared by a dun cow, and he takes the young fellow who killed her for Guy of Warwick: any butcher from Haddington may soon have an equal claim on your hospitality.
Secretary of StateThat sounds like a really grandiose position, but what does a secretary of State do?
She speaks truly, said Lady Ashton, it WAS I who, authorised alike by the laws of God and man, advised her, and concurred with her, to set aside an unhappy and precipitate engagement, and to annul it by the authority of Scripture itself.
Sir William is safe, answered the voice of a stranger.
So far, the only thing that I can do day by day, is just to keep working longer shifts to be able to provide the same income that I was bringing in before, he says.
So, did you take your French test? Nope. The speaking test is difficult.
Some countries have rolled back laws that protect women from violence; others are reducing civic space; still others are pursuing economic and immigration policies that indirectly discriminate against women, Antonio Guterres warned at a commemoration ahead of International Womens Day.
Some people like to say I am confined to this chair. But they dont know that I am so free, I actually have wings! Can you see them? Look! he shouts, casting his anvil aside and flapping his arms manically.
Spain is not really struggling. Growth of between 6% and 4% this year is actually better than it was before the pandemic, Daz said.
Standing out looking over the balcony or looking out of a window that he was also looking out, it's one of those things that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up, he says.
Stop it, you mutts! he bellowed, and the six Pekingese, who had been barking steadily since my arrival, stopped in mid-yap, and were still.
Such unilateral actions, as that of today, are detrimental to the spirit of cooperation between the two countries in the fight against terrorism, the ministry noted.
Sylvia's in Harlem does not invent what is sometimes called down-home food or soul food, but it exemplifies that kind of cuisine and is also an example of the story of African American migration from the South to the North, Freedman says.
Take your life, sir, said the Master of Ravenswood, and mend it if you can.
Talk about all the other amazing things that make up these kids as people, as little human beings, rather than just sports because, at the end of the day, sports do end, she says.
Targeted attacks on journalists, media crews, and news organizations covering the demonstrations show a complete disregard for their critical role in documenting issues of public interest and are an unacceptable attempt to intimidate them, CPJ program director Carlos Martnez de la Serna said in the statement.
Teaching him another language is something I've always had an interest in, she says.
Ten minutes isnt very long to say an eternal farewell in, said Anne tearfully. Oh, Diana, will you promise faithfully never to forget me, the friend of your youth, no matter what dearer friends may caress thee? Indeed I will, sobbed Diana, and Ill never have another bosom friendI dont want to have. I couldnt love anybody as I love you. Oh, Diana, cried Anne, clasping her hands, do you love me? Why, of course I do. Didnt you know that?
Thank you very much! The pleasure is all mine!
Thanks for the help! Not at all!
That is all right, said the Psychologist.
That is the great Grimpen Mire, said he. A false step yonder means death to man or beast. Only yesterday I saw one of the moor ponies wander into it. He never came out. I saw his head for quite a long time craning out of the bog-hole, but it sucked him down at last. "
That, said a very young man, making spasmodic efforts to relight his cigar over the lamp; that . . . very clear indeed.
Thats a lot of people, said Lucretzia, a cashier at Conad Ipermercato.
Thats a lot of people, said Lucretzia, a cashier at Conad Ipermercato. This is more like what we see on Christmas Eve, she said.
Thats one of my favorite places in the world, she said.
Thats really good news, NASA scientist Paul Newman said. That means more ozone over the hemisphere, less ultraviolet radiation at the surface.
The 20th century Architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright was recently added to the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
The French no longer have a monopoly on French, French magazine LExpress wrote recently, and that is good news.
The Geminids are produced by a stream of debris from this asteroid that we run into every year at this time, and they've been slowly increasing in intensity, Bill Cooke, head of NASAs Meteoroid Environment Office, told VOA.
The Great Sphinx of Tanis from ancient Egypt dates back over four thousand six hundred years. This stone statue has the body of a lion and the head of an Egyptian ruler. It expresses a sense of permanence and solidity.
The Little Prince is a very popular book that was translated into many languages.
The Master of Ravenswood! said the Lord Keeper, when he had recovered his momentary astonishment.
The Milky Way is a river of stars that dont twinkle because theres no air, Drew said, and the Earth looks like a blue beachball with mountain ranges and continents flying by at high speed.
The National Archives holds over 15 billion pages of textual records, over 18 million maps, charts and architectural drawings, more than 43 million images, more than 365,000 reels of film and over 110,000 videotapes, to say nothing of the billions of electronic records, says Meghan Ryan Guthorn, acting deputy chief operating officer of the agency.
The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie is a real masterpiece of modern literature.
The Tower of Wolf's Crag has nothing to offer beyond the shelter of its roof, but if that can be acceptable at such a moment he paused, as if the rest of the invitation stuck in his throat.
The U.N. has assessed that by 2030 the global demand for water will outstrip supply by 40 percent, he said.
The appeal of the house for Americans, going back into the 20th century, was that it signified autonomy. You know, every home is a castle, says Louis Hyman, an economic historian and assistant professor at Cornell University. So, it has these echoes of signifying independence and achievement.
The challenge was to pick up 502,000 objects between 28 May and 8 June. In fact we went over that target and have 794,207 pieces, she said.
The commitments weve made must become real, Biden said Friday on the last day of the two-day summit that involved 40 world leaders.
The constant deluge of information can very rapidly shift you from the realm of informed, proactive citizen to on-fire garbage can crammed with so much content it ceases to do anything other than feed your anxiety, she says.
The coronavirus is slowing our economy to a near standstill, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York said on the Senate floor last week.
The costs of solar photovoltaic panels have plummeted by over 85 percent in under a decade, and by well over 99 percent since the first panels found their way onto peoples roofs in the early 1980s, Wagner says.
The day has come in which for the first time in history the whole of Germany has found its lasting place in the circle of Western democracies, declared Richard von Weizscker, the federal German president who was suddenly the head of state of a larger Germany.
The examples we have seen so far show us that drastic cuts or drastic limitations in social life of the populationstogether with an aggressive testing, tracking and treating of patients and their contacts has worked, he said.
The existing ban, including denial of reporters requests to speak directly to troops at their deployed locations and to embed with units, is contrary to the basic principle of press freedom, the associations board wrote.
The fact that white children under 15 have already become a minority in their age group puts an exclamation point on the fact that the nations diversity is percolating from the bottom up as the white population ages, Frey said.
The famine, we have often supported it; today, we do not hold back in the face of profusion, says a Kabyle proverb.
The findings of our study help to explain why previous research has shown that a Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil or nuts can reduce the incidence of cardiovascular problems like stroke, heart failure and heart attacks, said professor Philip Eaton, professor of cardiovascular biochemistry at Kings College, in a statement.
The grammar of Esperanto isnt difficult is it? No, it is not difficult.
The hardest questions for me are identifying songs based on their lyrics, he wrote in an email. Even for songs that I love and listen to thousands of times, I realize I pay more attention to the notes and the music than the lyrics. When I see the words written on a page, it's like it's a whole different world!
The iPhone launched in 2007, when the oldest Gen Zers were 10. By the time they were in their teens, the primary means by which young Americans connected with the web was through mobile devices, Wi-Fi and high-bandwidth cellular service, Dimock wrote.
The initial wave of superheroes of the 1930s and 40s was predominantly male and always exclusively white, Saunders said.
The internet is better in Maria than it is in London  and I live next to an internet exchange in London, he told VOA.
The lesson is that one should get your affairs in order, says Lattanzi Shutika. Make sure that you don't have unclosed chapters in your life so that when you do die, you can rest in peace.
The line for tickets was really long, he said.
The major concern is that if children do not spend enough time outdoors and too much time indoors looking at their tablets and computers and these activities ... they will increase the probability of becoming myopic and also to increase the severity of the myopia, she said.
The music of the Yazidi people is absolutely essential to their culture, Bochmann told VOA. Only one section of the people, the Qawals caste, are allowed to sing the music. There are only 16 of them left, and so we thought it would be essential in case another genocide took place, or anything else horrific, that we lodge this and record it.
The name Arrokoth reflects the inspiration of looking to the skies and wondering about the stars and worlds beyond our own, said Alan Stern, New Horizons principal investigator.
The nice thing about farming vertically indoors is that you dont need a lot of space, Laing said.
The numbers are going up at such a rate  its more than double the capacity of the hospital system, it is more than triple the capacity of the ICU [intensive care unit] system, Cuomo said.
The odds that the few of us who study Florida reptiles have found all of the Nile crocs out there is probably unlikely, according to Kenneth Krysko, herpetology collections manager at the Florida Museum of Natural History on the UF campus.
The one who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. Those who walk alone are likely to find themselves in places no one has ever been before.
The only things we want to see are better education, better healthcare and true peace across the country, says Daw Mu Taw, an elderly woman from the Padaung tribe who is selling home-made honey in dis-used whiskey bottles.
The pandemic is a once-in-a-century health crisis, the effects of which will be felt for decades to come, Tedros said.
The primary mirror is a technological marvel. The lightweight mirrors, coatings, actuators and mechanisms, electronics and thermal blankets when fully deployed form a single precise mirror that is truly remarkable, said Lee Feinberg, optical telescope element manager for Webb at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
The principle is solidarity, Tran noted. Theyre offering classes and artistic pieces on social media and Zoom for free, because nobody is making money right now. There's a good spirit in all of this.
The public health message of trying to get vaccination out there, until the surge, really was falling on deaf ears, Figueroa added.
The real bottleneck is to find out the technique to make large area graphene layers and thats not yet possible, I dont think, but there is a lot of research going on, he said.
The reason for that is that we are disturbing the habitat for some of the wildlife species that are carrying these zoonotic diseases, which means that we are increasing the risk of a spiral from wildlife toeither directly to people or to domestic animals and then to people. So, altering the nature of the forest and reducing their habitats, we are increasing the risk, Wilkie said.
The snow snubs us, often on the sly, says an ancient Kabyle expression.
The statute would describe the structure and the composition of the court and the appointment procedure for the court staff, Deng told VOAs South Sudan in Focus.
The students are proud of actually producing something, Broadwater says.
The students are proud of actually producing something, Broadwater says. That's why they came here. And so they can sit there and say, I made that!
The supply chain disruption is catastrophic across every consumer category, said the Toy Association, a trade group for companies that make and sell youth entertainment products, in a statement provided to VOA.
The ventilators are to this war what missiles were to World War II, Cuomo said.
The venue I chose actually takes care of the rentals for tables, chairs, linens and catering, she says.
Then God have mercy on the soul of him who falls! said Ravenswood.
Then the task of supporting the honour of the family will fall on me, as it has often done before, said the lady.
There I object, said Filby.
There are some people who only manage to enjoy themselves when they are in a herd. The true hero is one who manages to have fun alone", said Charles Baudelaire.
There is a feeling of harmony here. Its a sacred place, Koutra said from behind a face mask as she left the theater with her parents.
There is no more social life, laments Rosa Lee, who lives on the southern outskirts of Seoul.
There is no reason why women shouldn't be able to walk into the drugstore and buy the men's razors. Right? he says. And if they did, and if they were clear that they didn't care, there wouldn't be a more expensive women's version.
There is over 21 billion pounds of textile in the U.S. alone, in landfills and I strive to reduce that number, at least a little, she says.
There is something called the ethical pedestal that we talk about, Hunter says. Women are presumed to be more moral and more honest than men, but if they are accused of lying or wrongdoing, it's a lot harder for them to climb back up on the pedestal if they fall.
Theres no doubt that fear motivates more than a lot of incentives, Figueroa told VOA.
Theres no real reason why the therapy cant work on other cancers, said Bell, adding that cancer provides the perfect substrate for viruses because theyre metabolically active, fast growing and, dont know how to turn off.
Theres poop everywhere, said Havolynn Rose Owaleon.
These arent just small changes we can make. These arent just sort of tinkering at the edges. These really mean wholescale changes of the way we use and consume energy, IPCC report co-author Professor Bill Collins, a climate scientist at Britains Reading University, told VOA.
These extraordinary men were just so close to nature and they were just so good at tracking and understanding the natural system, Foster says.
These new urban farms will not only provide access to healthy produce, but also provide jobs to young residents, said New York City Councilman Ritchie Torres.
These sounds are associated with a range of different behaviors from tracking mates, spawning, and finding prey to avoiding predators, Kaplan said, reached at an international acoustics conference in Denmark.
They all, you know, make fun of me for this type of stuff, he said.
They love everything from Normandy, everything thats local the aperitifs, the digestifs, said Gregory Laisney, director of the nearby La Musardiere restaurant, who estimates U.S. diners made up 40 percent of his clientele last year.
They need a full year, she added, to build up enough energy to flower again.
They now realize they can work from home very happily, says Jamie.
They really love these animals, he emphasized.
They welcomed all tourists like royalty, Nel said.
They're all fairly modest in scale, says Richards of Wrights works, but they had an absolutely outsized influence on generations of architects who thought about how we live in our homes, how we worship in our sanctuaries, how we use public space, and even how we engage artworks.
They've lived in a home for so long and they want to be able to reduce their expenses on a fixed income, he says.
Theyre not quiet at all, but you know, its something that you listen for, cause if I didnt hear them on a daily basis, then I know something is really wrong, Owaleon said.
Theyve been naturalized as California citizens, Heise said.
This breed has been used for about 5,000 years to protect livestock from predators, says Marker, and they act as a guardian by avoidance.
This is a particularly dangerous situation with extremely low humidity and high winds. New fires will grow rapidly out of control, in some cases people may not be able to evacuate safely in time should a fire approach, the weather service said in its bulletin for the Mendocino area north of San Francisco.
This is a scandal that must stop now, said the director-general about the global vaccine disparity.
This is not voluntary, the governor told reporters Friday. We are going to monitor it; there will be civil fines. There can be mandatory closures for businesses that do not comply. I am not kidding about this.
This is the climate crisis you havent heard of, said Philippus Wester.
This is the first study to establish the feasibility of systemic oncolytic virotherapy for disseminated cancer, said Dr. Stephen Russell, a Mayo Clinic hematologist, and first author of the paper and co-developer of the therapy in a statement.
This is the first time anyone has ever attempted to put a telescope this large into space, said Thomas Zurbuchen.
This kind of classical example of the big suburban home has been a very powerful idea for many, many decades now, says architectural historian William Richards. People sometimes want specific rooms that have specific functions a mud room; everybody gets their own bedroom; there's no bunking up; a dedicated laundry room.
This man had every conceivable physical ailment toward the end, yet he never complained, Lord said, sending his friend off in a note of admiration.
This pandemic has created an increased urgency to strengthen mental health systems in most countries, the survey said. Taking no action to address the burden of major depressive disorder and anxiety disorders should not be an option, the researchers said.
This player is super good!" Yes, he has played football since he was very young."
This return marks a glorious achievement, said Bishop Pavlos of the northeastern Greek city of Drama, who oversees the monastery.
This year will be amazing. Far better than the coming year, said Lounis Ait-Mengellat LAM.
This, then, he said, is the ancient Castle of Wolf's Crag, often mentioned in the Scottish records, looking to the old tower, then darkening under the influence of a stormy cloud, that formed its background.
Tislit n wanar (rainbow) is the bride of the rain god Ana.
To all of you, I will say that I will miss you, a French lawmaker said. The EU will not be the same without you. My deep feeling is there is no good Brexit.
To be a well-rounded musical theater performer, you have to have a certain set of skills and be really good at them, Sajewski said.
To contain this virus governments around the world must rely on citizens doing as they are told In the age of entitlement, the age of the individual, the age of anti-establishment populism, this seems a very flimsy safety net indeed, she wrote.
To make it fly at that low atmospheric density, we had to scrutinize everything, make it as light as possible while being as strong and as powerful as it can possibly be, she added.
To others, everything one does is a sin, but to oneself, it is a delight, the playwright Mohya said in the tirade he titled Moo!"
Today a new era in human spaceflight begins as we once again launched American astronauts on American rockets from American soil on their way to the International Space Station, our national lab orbiting Earth, said NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine.
Today, I have a message for young people: You are not invincible," Tedros said.
Todays action by the FDA to ban menthol-flavored cigarettes, while long overdue, is a major step toward preventing a new generation from becoming tobacco users and saving lives," said Susan R. Bailey, president of the American Medical Association.
Todays launch was the culmination of six decades of scientific study and millions of hours of effort, said project manager Andy Driesman, of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland.
Tom! Mary!
Tom, tell me another super-intelligent squirrel story, said Mary.
Trick or treat!"
Trying to get flights out of Italy isnt too easy right now, Kleiman said.
Typically, the building systems are at the end of their life, as well, so, you have to replace all of the mechanical, electrical and plumbing systems, Forgan says.
U.S. education is an extremely valuable service export, roughly equivalent to total exports of wheat, corn, coal, and natural gas, according to the Global Migration Center at the University of California, Davis.
Ugh, cried the paper, as it burst into a bright flame.
Very much unanticipated, a senior U.S. defense official said at the time, describing what he called the magnitude of humanity flowing out of the terror groups final shred of territory.
Vietnam is emerging as a key player in Southeast Asias medical tourism industry, the consultancy says.
Viruses are very good at disseminating throughout the body, he said, adding that theyre also adept at hunting, detecting and infecting metastatic tumors.
Vocabulary and grammar are not hermetically sealed-off categories.
Walk ahead of yourself, like the dromedary who guides the caravan, says a Tuareg proverb.
Want me to heat it up for you? No, I like it cold.
We all agree that consumers dont read privacy policies, remarks the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
We all have creaky knees when we bend down, said Jimmy Fallon, the popular American comedian from The Tonight Show.
We all love these charismatic mega-fauna-like dolphins, but thats really just the tip of the iceberg, he said.
We also have the model spaceship used in the Star Trek TV series, Kinney added.
We are devastated, said Huseyin Aydin of Bordum Tour, a travel agency that books boating excursions in the Mediterranean Sea. All the routes for the boat tours have been canceled as of now, and they will also be canceled into next year because all the nature sightseeing parts of our tours are completely burned.
We are doing like a peace tournament for youth from different clans and from different warring zones, to meet together in one city and to be sensitized about peace and conflict resolution. And then after that to play soccer, she said, on mixed teams.
We are given a very strict instructions  don't even put the trash bag on the ground in the hallway, he said.
We are going to choose participants who are already on ART [anti-retroviral treatment] and are stable on ART. And we will randomize them to either continue on their normal treatment, which is the pill that theyve been taking, or to switch them to this injectable. The injection is on the buttock, he expressed.
We are in a national emergency, he told a news conference.
We are using instruments that did not exist during early analyses of Moon samples, said Jamie Elsila, an astrochemist in the Astrobiology Analytical Laboratory at NASA Goddard.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
We are working with two independent laboratories to ensure the highest possible quality and exclude any bias in the results, Peter Seeberger, lead researcher, told VOA in an email response.
We believe that whatever we choose is kind of a reflection of who we are, says Thomas Saltsman, senior lab director of the Social Psychophysiology Laboratory at the University at Buffalo.
We both put family above every other consideration as the most important, starting with our wives, Lord said.
We can't really say at this point whether [AI] will lead to the destruction of work or the support of work. Both things could happen, Muro says.
We cannot take baths, the toilet doesnt work and our food stockpile is running low, the 23-year-old school worker said.
We found out that farmers could no longer fulfill orders and were burying millions of pounds of food, said Reilly, who attends Brown University in Rhode Island. We thought that made no sense.
We had a very small leak in the plumbing at a flange fitting, and the team has been working that very hard over the last week, Shannon told reporters Thursday.
We have a collection of whale ear wax that whalers used to collect, said Michael Lawrence, assistant director for exhibits.
We have a saying in America: born on the third base, Lord says of their divergent beginnings.
We have had this electronic revolution that seems to have changed adolescents movement patterns and encourages them to sit more, to be less active, to drive more, walk less, be less active in general and then be more involved in digital play rather than the active play, she said.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
We have put up major buildings. Weve put up expanses of concrete. Weve introduced a completely different vegetation, and in many cases, thats led to a reduction of biodiversity because a lot of our created habitat is not hospitable to the native species. But the other side of that is that weve created new ecological niches and new kinds of habitats, Heise said.
We have the same experiment running with tomatoes as we do with strawberries, so were doing variety trials and were trying to see which variety grows the best in a green roof setting, she said.
We have to go to the other side of the street. You are not allowed to cross here. We have to go on to the next traffic light."
We kept coming back to Goldies profile because the photos were charming and there was a streamed video of her and we decided that it would make sense for us to get over to the Humane Rescue Alliance shelter, said Drescher.
We may have found something that the cell could never build a resistance to, he added.
We must push back against the pushback, he said. We cannot give way; we refuse to lose the ground we have won.
We produced 4,250 pounds (about 1,928 kilos) of produce the first year and were able to disseminate that to people in need, she said.
We really have moved much more towards a national community and I think even things like social media have abstracted us so much from our local communities, that we've been moving steadily towards a much more kind of nationalized community, says Brad Birzer, a professor of history at Hillsdale College.
We use several varieties of wheat alone, and about 3 different ryes, he says. We also use barley, oats, non-gluten grain, sorghum, buckwheat. I use legumes from farmers. I have some beans in some of my bread."
We want all Canadians to send these postcards to loved ones to remind them that theyre missed, theyre special and they matter, he said.
We were able to make one of the first leg braces for a camel in the world, he says. Every day I get a new request and new challenge.
We were expecting to have a health screening when we got back, but that just didn't happen," Douglas said.
We were not prepared for any kind of problems as large as Apollo 13, said NASA Flight Director Gerald Gerry Griffin.
We will not put a dollar figure on human life, tweeted the governor of New York.
We work on assignments, and then well start an adventure, whether we do it as a family or whether the kids do it individually, said Juliana Cole, an entrepreneur who has three children, ranging from a kindergartener to an eighth-grader.
We'll still need the florist, photographer, videographer  if we decide to do the videographer  and DJ. And then, now I'm remembering all the little details, the signs on the table, napkins, you know, any extra touches you want for the day. So, the list seems like it never ends.
We're anticipating that fantasy football is going to cost employers this year around $9 billion in lost wages being paid to workers that are otherwise being unproductive participating in fantasy football activities in the office when normally they would be working, says Andrew Challenger, vice president of outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas.
We're leaving. Freedom, democracy, to self-governance, we've won! declared Brexit party member of Parliament (MEP) Nigel Farage.
Well, my Prince, so Genoa and Lucca are now just endowments, family estates of the Bonapartes. But I warn you, if you don't tell me that we will have war, if you still try to soften all the infamies, all the horrors perpetrated by that Antichrist  I really believe he is Antichrist  I will have nothing more to do with you, and you are no longer my friend, no longer my faithful slave, as you call yourself! But how do you do? I see I have frightened you; sit down and tell me all the news.
Well, thats reasonable enough, said Lestrade.
Well, what happened when you did get there? I never went.
Were a city with a high rate of poverty, and that can sometimes lead to these underlying health issues because of less access to quality foods and proper healthcare, says Mollie Pate, a gym owner and local musician.
Were used to it. Its not any big deal to us to have to travel a little ways, she said. In her case, a little ways can mean a two-hour drive.
Whales and dolphins have always been mythical emblems for us, said Desray Reeb, a marine biologist at BOEMs headquarters in Sterling, Virginia. Theyre intelligent, social and mystical, and present an intriguing challenge for us to understand because theyre so like us, and yet so different.
What I want is not a word, which is blown away as soon as I speak it. What I want is not the fennel which always bends in the wind. What I want is as I dreamed it and that cannot be held by the hands. Just like the rising sun that the eyes cannot look at said playwright MoYa.
What a pity we did not get the cab number! My dear Watson, clumsy as I have been, you surely do not seriously imagine that I neglected to get the number?"
What are you doing here, Barrymore? Nothing, sir.
What are you doing? I am repeating by myself.
What are you repeating? The task which the Master set us today.
What differentiates birds from politicians is that the former stop flying from time to time, said Coluche.
What do you make of that? said Holmes. Well, what do you make of it?
What do you think of that? cried the detective, with the air of a showman exhibiting his show. This was overlooked because it was in the darkest corner of the room, and no one thought of looking there. The murderer has written it with his or her own blood. See this smear where it has trickled down the wall! That disposes of the idea of suicide anyhow. Why was that corner chosen to write it on? I will tell you. See that candle on the mantelpiece. It was lit at the time, and if it was lit this corner would be the brightest instead of the darkest portion of the wall.
What does Alex look like? He has short dark hair.
What does your Saurea look like? Thin cheeks, rather ruddy, pot-bellied, savage eyes, average height and a scowl.
What is important to look at is not the unemployment level but the employment. That shows the economy is not in such a bad way, he told VOA.
What is that thing? It's not a thing. It flies. It's an airplane. It's my plane.
What is the meaning of it, Watson? said Holmes solemnly.
What is the object of these questions? she asked sharply.
What is this, Holmes? I cried. This is beyond anything which I could have imagined.
What nationality are your mothers? "Mexican."
What nationality were your grandmothers? Lithuanian.
What we are able to do with the jawbone was compare it to closely related pterosaurs that are complete, and essentially just extrapolate from there, Tim said.
What we discovered is that the composition of fungi in the soil changed greatly and depended on whether the insect had been feeding on roots or leaves, explains the researcher and study author.
What we don't have a lot of in the country is middle-wage income ... work that we might say was traditionally more solid or dignified, Muro says.
What were trying to do is to actually work together with a variety of partners throughout Africa to look at areas where the cheetahs are, the kind of problems that they are facing and solutions that we can then help the people and the cheetah, she says.
Whats that to you? bluntly demanded the young fellow, his temper a little ruffled by what appeared an impertinent obstruction on the part of some swaggering bully.
When a person is hungry, they may not remember to wash their hands before they come to my stand to buy food. All they can think of is eating, she said.
When a president declares an emergency declaration, he at that moment has access to all of the laws that say in a national emergency the president can do X, whether or not those powers relate to the emergency at hand, Goitein said.
When people show you who they are, believe them, says an English saying.
When this exposure is particularly loud, prolonged or habitual, the sensory cells are damaged permanently leading to irreversible hearing loss, said Chadha.
When were up to this level of 45 degrees [Celsius] and over, when this continues for a while, and when we add humidity, really the only way to get through it unfortunately is indoor cooling," Kelman said.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points, said Confucius.
When youre going to a pastry shop or a bakery, there is excitement, like 'lets go get a treat or a crusty bread', he says. I dont want to take away any of this experience. "
Where are my newspapers? Your newspapers are on the table.
Where are you going tomorrow? - Into Northern Ireland.
Where are your uncles from? "Austria."
Where did you get such miserable cargo, blinky? Rather, where are you carrying that debauched lot, you philanderer?
Where didst thou get so miserable a luggage, blinkard? Nay whither art thou carrying that bawdy company, thou rake?
Where do you go then? - To the left.
Where is my teacher from? Denmark.
Where was their grandmother from? "Peru."
Where were you on the night of the murder? I was attending my ballet class!
Who do you love? Mewi.
Who invited Tom? Not me. Did I ask?
Who takes the pictures on your birthday? A photographer does that.
Whoever follows the crowd does not go further than the crowd. Whoever goes alone is likely to find places where no one has ever been, said Einstein.
Whose teeth are these? - These teeth are my grandfathers.
Why are you going to town with the car?  Because I have an appointment.
Why do you look so pale, Lucy? said her father, turning suddenly round and breaking silence.
Why do you not write? Because it doth not please me.
Why don't you come with us? Because I have to work.
Why? asked the girl.
With Sasha, I remember her singing from her stroller, he says. We were in an old church in Germany and she was just a little kid, but she was so fascinated with how her voice sounded with the acoustics.
With this review complete, we enter the exciting phase where we will assemble and test the Roman hardware that we plan to fly, said Jackie Townsend, deputy project manager for the Roman Space Telescope at Goddard.
Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson, said he.
Wow-wow-wow! he bayed; and Frisky, the Red Fox Pup, heard and came trotting to peek at him and see what it was all about.
Yeah, Im worried, because right now, this is my second shift, and I only made like $70. And usually, I finish with around $150 or something, he says.
Years later when we decided to write a book about the story of Apollo 13  I got the feeling that yes, the flight was a failure, Lovell said. But in another aspect it was a triumph in how people can take an almost certain catastrophe  working together, figuring out solutions to crisis that we didnt plan for or train for and get this spacecraft back home.
Yes, I am concerned. Some of our clients' companies have stopped working. We have halted work on 10 of our 20 production lines. We are in danger, Daz told VOA from his factory.
Yes, I think I see it now, he said after some time, brightening in a quite transitory manner.
Yes, technology eliminates jobs, but it also creates jobs, says Alejandra Grindal, who researches global economic trends at Ned Davis Research, an investment strategy organization.
Yes, replies the fisherman, I have seen the white daughter of the sea, and I have heard her sing, and her songs were plaintive as the sound of the waves.
Yikes, my batterys nearly dead. You should have charged it overnight while you were sleeping.
Yogurt is a Turkish word.
You are a very good boy, Campana says soothingly to a black and white dog which is laying on its side getting fitted for a leg brace.
You can make yourself a big fire, you who, alas, have never cut wood; you can even waste water as much as you want, you who never draw it, as our old women say.
You do me injustice, said the Master of Ravenswood.
You do not know my mother, said Miss Ashton, in a tone almost breathless with terror.
You dont have to be an environmental professional to help the environment, Briana Allison, an environmental science student at the University of Houston-Clear Lake, wrote to VOA.
You dont mind my driving straight home, Sir Henry? said Dr. Mortimer. My wife is expecting me.
You fiend! he kept on muttering, you clever, clever fiend!
You hate someone whom you really wish to love, but whom you cannot love. Perhaps he himself prevents you. That is a disguised form of love.
You have aging millennials who are creating families who should be moving from rental situations into ownership but, because of the lack of housing supply, that has been stopped in a lot of instances. And so, what you see is the aging millennial population continues to rent, says Doug Ressler, manager of business intelligence at Yardi-Matrix, a commercial real estate data and research firm.
You have nothing to fear, sir, said Ravenswood, gravely.
You insolent rascal, said the Master, raising his cane.
You know, everyone wants to make a lot of money doing something that they love to do. It's like a dream job, said Max Reisinger, a recent high school graduate from Chapel Hill High School in North Carolina who has attracted nearly 400,000 subscribers to his YouTube channel.
You know, there were societies set up to deliberately introduce stuff so that the Europeans felt more at home. Australia just like New Zealand has suffered enormously as a result. Australia unfortunately has the worst record internationally for mammalian extinction, and that is largely to do with the activities of feral cats and feral foxes.
You must be blind, said the first; or a numbskull, said the second; or mad, cried the third.
You saw this? As clearly as I see you.
You see it in the pictures and you think its Photoshopped  but its real, said Lukas Lynen, an 18-year-old tourist from Mexico.
You seem a gallant young gentleman, sir, he said.
You werent at home, were you? No, I wasnt.
You will not? asked the lady. No, by heavens, madam! her husband replied; ask me anything congruent with common decency, as to drop his acquaintance by degrees, or the like; but to bid him leave my house is what I will not and cannot consent to.
You would have thought the middle of that prairie a fairly safe place for a man to be private, said he, but, by thunder, the whole country-side seems to have been out to see me do my wooing."
Young voter turnout is super important in this election because it is a new wave of voters whose loyalties are up for grabs for either party, Democrat or Republican, wrote Samuel Kaufman, a Texas high school student, in an email.
Youll come with me tonight? When you like and where you like.
Youre Mary Poppins, arent you? - Yes; in fact, my first name is Mary, and Poppins is my maiden name.
Youre back late today. Sorry, we had a really heated discussion that ended up lasting 2 hours.
Youve got to have strong electric to have strong water and wastewater and broadband, DiLoreto says. Youve got to have a strong road system if you're going to feed your ports. Youve got to have strong ports if you're going to ship your goods and get your goods into this country. And, without the roads to support that, what happens when [goods] wind up on the ports and cant go anywhere [because] congestion is a problem?
Meaningless! Meaningless! says the Teacher. Utterly meaningless! Everything is meaningless
Have you gotten used to the life there? Well, not yet. I'm kind of a homebody."
200! That's a bit steep!
2 is read as "root two".
Corrected mistaken/missing characters in the text data.