I want you to tell the truth now! Tell it!
I want you to tell the truth.
I want you to tell them I didn't do what you said I did.
I want you to tell us what you've been hiding.
I want you to think about how we can improve.
I want you to think about it very carefully.
I want you to think about it.
I want you to think about that.
I want you to think about this again.
I want you to think about this very carefully.
I want you to think about this.
I want you to think about what might happen.
I want you to think about what might have happened.
I want you to think about what really matters to you.
I want you to throw this stuff away.
I want you to treat me a little nicer from now on.
I want you to trust me, just like you'd trust Tom.
I want you to trust me.
I want you to try and do that.
I want you to try doing that.
I want you to try harder.
I want you to try it.
I want you to try this.
I want you to try to do that.
I want you to turn off the radio.
I want you to understand how important this is.
I want you to understand my point of view.
I want you to understand my situation.
I want you to understand that I'll never marry Tom.
I want you to understand this isn't going to be easy.
I want you to understand this.
I want you to understand what I'm trying to say.
I want you to understand why you have to do this.
I want you to understand.
I want you to use it.
I want you to use your imagination.
I want you to utilize that object.
I want you to visit Canarsie.
I want you to visit Tom in the hospital.
I want you to visit us in Thailand!
I want you to wait for Tom.
I want you to wait for a while.
I want you to wait for me here.
I want you to wait for me until I get through with work at 7.
I want you to wait for me until seven, when I come back from work.
I want you to wait for me until seven, when I leave work.
I want you to wait for me.
I want you to wait here till I get back.
I want you to wait here until I get back.
I want you to wait here.
I want you to wait right here.
I want you to wait until Tom arrives.
I want you to wait until Tom gets here.
I want you to wait.
I want you to wake up and listen to me.
I want you to want me.
I want you to wash my car.
I want you to wash the car.
I want you to wash the dishes.
I want you to watch this video.
I want you to wear that black Kabyle dress.
I want you to wear that new hat I bought for you.
I want you to wear this one.
I want you to wear this.
I want you to wear your new dress.
I want you to weep your tears away from running down your cheeks.
I want you to weep your tears back in and don't want to see them running down your pretty cheeks.
I want you to win.
I want you to work better.
I want you to work for me.
I want you to work harder.
I want you to work with Tom.
I want you to work with her.
I want you to work with him.
I want you to work with me.
I want you to work with them.
I want you to work with us.
I want you to write a letter in French.
I want you to write a letter to your mother.
I want you to write an essay about the chapter.
I want you to write me a letter.
I want you to write me frequently.
I want you to write to me as soon as you get there.
I want you to write your phone number and address on this piece of paper.
I want you too badly.
I want you two to stay here.
I want you where I can see you.
I want you with me now.
I want you with me.
I want you with us all the time.
I want you, Mary, more than I've wanted anyone or anything in my life.
I want you, Tom.
I want you, not Tom.
I want you.
I want your advice.
I want your analysis.
I want your answer and I want it now.
I want your answer by the end of the day.
I want your blood.
I want your complaining to end.
I want your feedback.
I want your frank opinion.
I want your frank opinions.
I want your friends to come.
I want your help about business.
I want your help on this.
I want your help.
I want your insight.
I want your legal advice.
I want your life blood!
I want your love.
I want your money.
I want your name and badge number.
I want your opinion on something.
I want your opinion on this.
I want your opinion, too.
I want your opinion.
I want your peaceful appearance.
I want your photograph.
I want your recipe.
I want your report on my desk at 2:30.
I want your report on my desk by 2:30.
I want your respect.
I wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I wanted Mary to do that, but she told me she wouldn't do it.
I wanted Mary to go out with me instead of Tom.
I wanted Mary to look at me instead of Tom.
I wanted Mary to love me instead of Tom.
I wanted Mary to stay in Boston for a few days, but she said she had to get back to Chicago.
I wanted Mary to stay longer, but she had to leave.
I wanted Mary to take me with her.
I wanted Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I wanted Tom and Mary to do that, but they told me they wouldn't do it.
I wanted Tom and Mary to stay in Boston for a few days, but they said they had to get back to Chicago.
I wanted Tom and Mary to stay longer, but they had to leave.
I wanted Tom and Mary to take me with them.
I wanted Tom dead.
I wanted Tom put in jail even more than you did.
I wanted Tom stopped, but I didn't think anyone could do it.
I wanted Tom to answer that question, not Mary.
I wanted Tom to apologize to Mary.
I wanted Tom to ask Mary if she liked me.
I wanted Tom to ask Mary if she was planning to go to Australia with us.
I wanted Tom to ask Mary if she was planning to go to Boston with us.
I wanted Tom to be happy.
I wanted Tom to be honest with me.
I wanted Tom to be more careful.
I wanted Tom to be near me.
I wanted Tom to be nicer to Mary.
I wanted Tom to be nicer to me.
I wanted Tom to be quiet.
I wanted Tom to be safe.
I wanted Tom to be successful.
I wanted Tom to be the first to know.
I wanted Tom to bring me a cup of coffee.
I wanted Tom to buy Mary a birthday present.
I wanted Tom to buy a birthday present for Mary.
I wanted Tom to buy me some eggs.
I wanted Tom to buy me some firewood.
I wanted Tom to buy me some food.
I wanted Tom to buy me some stamps while he was at the post office.
I wanted Tom to buy some eggs for me.
I wanted Tom to buy some firewood for me.
I wanted Tom to buy some food for me.
I wanted Tom to buy some food for us.
I wanted Tom to buy something for me.
I wanted Tom to buy us some food.
I wanted Tom to call Mary.
I wanted Tom to call me.
I wanted Tom to clean his bedroom.
I wanted Tom to clean his room.
I wanted Tom to clean the bathtub.
I wanted Tom to clean the living room.
I wanted Tom to come back to Australia.
I wanted Tom to come get me.
I wanted Tom to come home early.
I wanted Tom to come home.
I wanted Tom to come over for dinner.
I wanted Tom to come over.
I wanted Tom to come to Australia for Christmas.
I wanted Tom to come to Australia.
I wanted Tom to come to Boston for Christmas.
I wanted Tom to come to Boston.
I wanted Tom to come to my party.
I wanted Tom to come with me.
I wanted Tom to come.
I wanted Tom to confess.
I wanted Tom to cook dinner.
I wanted Tom to cook me dinner.
I wanted Tom to cook me something to eat.
I wanted Tom to cooperate.
I wanted Tom to do me a favor.
I wanted Tom to do something for Mary.
I wanted Tom to do something for me that I didn't know how to do.
I wanted Tom to do something for me.
I wanted Tom to do that by himself.
I wanted Tom to do that for Mary.
I wanted Tom to do that for me.
I wanted Tom to do that for us.
I wanted Tom to do that today.
I wanted Tom to do that with Mary.
I wanted Tom to do that with me.
I wanted Tom to do that yesterday.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me he wouldn't do it.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me he wouldn't.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me that he wouldn't do it.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me that he wouldn't.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he was busy doing something else.
I wanted Tom to do that.
I wanted Tom to drive Mary to the library.
I wanted Tom to drive me to school.
I wanted Tom to drive me to the airport.
I wanted Tom to drive, so I could sleep.
I wanted Tom to drive.
I wanted Tom to eat lunch with me.
I wanted Tom to feel special.
I wanted Tom to find out where Mary had been.
I wanted Tom to forgive Mary for what she'd done.
I wanted Tom to forgive me.
I wanted Tom to get things started.
I wanted Tom to give Mary a message.
I wanted Tom to give a message to Mary.
I wanted Tom to give me a ride to school.
I wanted Tom to give me enough time to do that.
I wanted Tom to give me more time to do that.
I wanted Tom to give me time to do that.
I wanted Tom to give you a message.
I wanted Tom to go away and leave me in peace.
I wanted Tom to go away.
I wanted Tom to go back to Australia.
I wanted Tom to go home.
I wanted Tom to go outside and play.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia to visit his uncle.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia with me.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia.
I wanted Tom to go to Boston to visit his uncle.
I wanted Tom to go to Boston with me.
I wanted Tom to go to Boston with us.
I wanted Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some milk.
I wanted Tom to go.
I wanted Tom to have a copy of my new novel.
I wanted Tom to have a good time.
I wanted Tom to hear it.
I wanted Tom to help Mary with her homework.
I wanted Tom to help Mary.
I wanted Tom to help me clean out the garage.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the garage.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the house.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the living room.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the pool.
I wanted Tom to help me do that.
I wanted Tom to help me in the garden.
I wanted Tom to help me solve the problem.
I wanted Tom to help me today.
I wanted Tom to help me wash the car.
I wanted Tom to help me with my homework.
I wanted Tom to help me.
I wanted Tom to help us.
I wanted Tom to help you do that.
I wanted Tom to help you.
I wanted Tom to help.
I wanted Tom to introduce me to all his friends.
I wanted Tom to invite Mary and John over for dinner.
I wanted Tom to invite me to his party.
I wanted Tom to kiss me.
I wanted Tom to know I didn't do that because I had to but because I wanted to.
I wanted Tom to know I didn't do that.
I wanted Tom to know I didn't hate him.
I wanted Tom to know I really didn't want to do that.
I wanted Tom to know that I didn't do that because I had to but because I wanted to.
I wanted Tom to know that I didn't do that.
I wanted Tom to know that I didn't hate him.
I wanted Tom to know that I really didn't want to do that.
I wanted Tom to know the truth.
I wanted Tom to know what happened to us.
I wanted Tom to learn French.
I wanted Tom to learn how to drive.
I wanted Tom to learn how to speak French.
I wanted Tom to leave me alone.
I wanted Tom to leave right away.
I wanted Tom to leave.
I wanted Tom to lend me some money.
I wanted Tom to like me.
I wanted Tom to loan me some money.
I wanted Tom to look for Mary.
I wanted Tom to love me.
I wanted Tom to meet Mary at the station.
I wanted Tom to meet me after school.
I wanted Tom to meet me at 2:30.
I wanted Tom to meet me at the station.
I wanted Tom to meet me in front of the school.
I wanted Tom to meet my friends.
I wanted Tom to meet my parents.
I wanted Tom to pay.
I wanted Tom to play chess with me, but he said he didn't want to.
I wanted Tom to play chess with me, but he said that he didn't want to.
I wanted Tom to play chess with me.
I wanted Tom to play something for me on the piano.
I wanted Tom to play something for us on the piano.
I wanted Tom to play tennis with me.
I wanted Tom to quit his job.
I wanted Tom to read me a story.
I wanted Tom to say he loved me.
I wanted Tom to say that he loved me.
I wanted Tom to say yes.
I wanted Tom to see it.
I wanted Tom to see me first.
I wanted Tom to see me in this suit.
I wanted Tom to see the sunrise.
I wanted Tom to sell me his old car.
I wanted Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I wanted Tom to show me how to do that.
I wanted Tom to show me how to make pizza.
I wanted Tom to show you how to do that.
I wanted Tom to sign my yearbook.
I wanted Tom to sing for us, but he said that he didn't want to.
I wanted Tom to sing me a song.
I wanted Tom to sing my favorite song.
I wanted Tom to sing with me.
I wanted Tom to sing.
I wanted Tom to sit down and relax.
I wanted Tom to sit next to me.
I wanted Tom to smile.
I wanted Tom to speak French.
I wanted Tom to speak to you.
I wanted Tom to speak.
I wanted Tom to stay a little bit longer.
I wanted Tom to stay at home with the children.
I wanted Tom to stay at home.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia for a few days, but he said he had to get back to New Zealand.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia for a few days, but he said that he had to get back to New Zealand.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia with me.
I wanted Tom to stay in Boston for a few days, but he said he had to get back to Chicago.
I wanted Tom to stay in Boston with me.
I wanted Tom to stay in school.
I wanted Tom to stay longer, but he had to leave.
I wanted Tom to stay longer.
I wanted Tom to stay where he was till I got back.
I wanted Tom to stay where he was until I got back.
I wanted Tom to stay where he was.
I wanted Tom to stay with Mary.
I wanted Tom to stay with me.
I wanted Tom to stay, but he left.
I wanted Tom to stay.
I wanted Tom to stop doing that.
I wanted Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I wanted Tom to stop staring at me.
I wanted Tom to stop.
I wanted Tom to study French.
I wanted Tom to study harder.
I wanted Tom to suffer.
I wanted Tom to take me with him.
I wanted Tom to take my picture.
I wanted Tom to take out the garbage.
I wanted Tom to take some aspirin, but he said he didn't think it would help.
I wanted Tom to talk to Mary.
I wanted Tom to teach me French.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to do that.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to drive.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to juggle.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to swim.
I wanted Tom to teach me some French.
I wanted Tom to tell Mary about the accident.
I wanted Tom to tell me about his childhood.
I wanted Tom to tell me he loved me.
I wanted Tom to tell me his opinion.
I wanted Tom to tell me his phone number.
I wanted Tom to tell me how to do that.
I wanted Tom to tell me that he loved me.
I wanted Tom to tell me what to do.
I wanted Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
I wanted Tom to tell the truth.
I wanted Tom to tell you something.
I wanted Tom to try harder.
I wanted Tom to understand why he couldn't live with us.
I wanted Tom to understand why he couldn't stay.
I wanted Tom to understand why he had to leave.
I wanted Tom to visit me.
I wanted Tom to wait for Mary.
I wanted Tom to wait for me at the library.
I wanted Tom to wait for me.
I wanted Tom to wait for us.
I wanted Tom to walk home with me.
I wanted Tom to win.
I wanted Tom to work harder.
I wanted Tom to write a recommendation for me.
I wanted Tom to write me a recommendation.
I wanted a beer.
I wanted a better job.
I wanted a bicycle so bad.
I wanted a bicycle.
I wanted a big family.
I wanted a bigger discount.
I wanted a breath of fresh air.
I wanted a brother.
I wanted a cup of coffee, but there wasn't any left.
I wanted a fresh start.
I wanted a glass of water.
I wanted a hamburger, but I restrained myself.
I wanted a horse, but I got a bicycle.
I wanted a jacket.
I wanted a job.
I wanted a key to Tom's house, but he wouldn't give me one.
I wanted a little brother.
I wanted a male dog.
I wanted a picture of Tom.
I wanted a picture of you.
I wanted a refund.
I wanted a second opinion.
I wanted a sister.
I wanted a sports car, but my wife said we needed a van.
I wanted a word with Tom.
I wanted a younger brother.
I wanted all the same things Tom wanted.
I wanted alone time with you.
I wanted an apology.
I wanted an audience.
I wanted an economy car.
I wanted an older brother.
I wanted as better, it turned out as always.
I wanted both Tom and Mary to leave.
I wanted both of them to leave.
I wanted cash.
I wanted children, but Tom didn't.
I wanted coffee, not tea.
I wanted croissants.
I wanted easy money.
I wanted everybody to get along with each other.
I wanted everybody to have a great time.
I wanted everybody to leave me alone.
I wanted everyone to envy me.
I wanted everyone to get along with each other.
I wanted everyone to get along.
I wanted everyone to have a great time.
I wanted everyone to leave me alone.
I wanted everything to be perfect.
I wanted everything.
I wanted five pineapples.
I wanted help.
I wanted her to come here this evening.
I wanted her to open the window.
I wanted her to win.
I wanted him to come with me.
I wanted him to go there.
I wanted him to open the window.
I wanted information.
I wanted isolation.
I wanted it this way.
I wanted it to be a surprise.
I wanted it.
I wanted kids.
I wanted land.
I wanted milk.
I wanted money.
I wanted more details.
I wanted more information.
I wanted more money.
I wanted more space.
I wanted more time.
I wanted more.
I wanted my children back.
I wanted my children to learn French.
I wanted my family to meet Tom.
I wanted my father to understand my side too.
I wanted my first kiss to be special.
I wanted my freedom.
I wanted my hair cut short.
I wanted my kids back.
I wanted my kids to learn Berber before the age of six.
I wanted my land back.
I wanted my life to be more enjoyable.
I wanted my money back.
I wanted my own room.
I wanted my parents to be at my wedding, but they refused to come.
I wanted nobody's death.
I wanted nothing to do with Tom.
I wanted nothing to do with her.
I wanted one of those when I was a kid.
I wanted one.
I wanted out of there.
I wanted people to know it was me.
I wanted people to like me.
I wanted proof.
I wanted radical change.
I wanted recognition.
I wanted red shoes.
I wanted revenge.
I wanted several times to run away from my "home" of Lulu Island, to a different land.
I wanted so much to attend that book signing event.
I wanted some alone time.
I wanted some company.
I wanted some food.
I wanted some fresh air.
I wanted some more information.
I wanted some more time.
I wanted some orange cotton pants.
I wanted some pants fit for a day in the field.
I wanted some privacy.
I wanted some salt, but there was none in the jar.
I wanted some shoes for a friend of mine.
I wanted some time alone.
I wanted some time to think.
I wanted some water.
I wanted some wine, but there was none left.
I wanted somebody to talk to.
I wanted someone dangerous.
I wanted something better than that.
I wanted something else.
I wanted something new.
I wanted something to eat.
I wanted something to read on the train.
I wanted soup.
I wanted sympathy.
I wanted that car.
I wanted that one.
I wanted that to happen.
I wanted that to stop.
I wanted that.
I wanted the EVGA graphics card, but it was too big, so I went with the Zotac model.
I wanted the best.
I wanted the musician to play some sad tune on his flute.
I wanted the sword.
I wanted the teacher to write a letter in English.
I wanted them to show me the way.
I wanted them to win.
I wanted this car.
I wanted this to continue.
I wanted this watch so badly I could taste it.
I wanted this.
I wanted three pineapples.
I wanted time instead of money.
I wanted to achieve something great.
I wanted to add Mary as a friend on Facebook.
I wanted to advance, but the job really went nowhere.
I wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday.
I wanted to apologize for yesterday.
I wanted to apologize to Tom.
I wanted to apologize to her.
I wanted to apologize to him.
I wanted to apologize to them.
I wanted to apologize.
I wanted to ask Mary how long she had lived in Australia.
I wanted to ask Mary out but I chickened out at the last moment.
I wanted to ask Mary out.
I wanted to ask Mary to the prom.
I wanted to ask Mary why she'd never gotten married.
I wanted to ask Tom a favor.
I wanted to ask Tom a favour.
I wanted to ask Tom a few questions.
I wanted to ask Tom a question.
I wanted to ask Tom about Mary.
I wanted to ask Tom and Mary how long they had lived in Australia.
I wanted to ask Tom and Mary why they'd never gotten married.
I wanted to ask Tom how he was able to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in Australia.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.
I wanted to ask Tom how much he paid for his new house, but Mary told me that would be impolite.
I wanted to ask Tom if he'd ever consider changing jobs.
I wanted to ask Tom if he’d ever consider changing jobs.
I wanted to ask Tom something.
I wanted to ask Tom to come over to help me paint the ceiling.
I wanted to ask Tom to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom what he'd been doing.
I wanted to ask Tom why he had never gotten married.
I wanted to ask Tom why.
I wanted to ask a question.
I wanted to ask him about that car.
I wanted to ask him about that.
I wanted to ask him for his help.
I wanted to ask him something.
I wanted to ask something.
I wanted to ask you a few questions, if you don't mind.
I wanted to ask you a few questions.
I wanted to ask you a question.
I wanted to ask you about something.
I wanted to ask you some questions about Tom.
I wanted to ask you something.
I wanted to ask your opinion on some things.
I wanted to assert my independence.
I wanted to avoid the curse.
I wanted to avoid this problem.
I wanted to avoid this.
I wanted to bang her.
I wanted to be Tom's friend.
I wanted to be Tom.
I wanted to be a Berber teacher.
I wanted to be a French teacher.
I wanted to be a bus driver when I was five.
I wanted to be a camgirl, but then I realised that I don't have a webcam.
I wanted to be a dancer.
I wanted to be a dentist.
I wanted to be a doctor.
I wanted to be a farmer.
I wanted to be a fireman for Halloween.
I wanted to be a geneticist for a while after Jurassic Park was made into a movie.
I wanted to be a good friend to you.
I wanted to be a journalist.
I wanted to be a lawyer.
I wanted to be a piano teacher.
I wanted to be a singer, but I was told I should learn to play the drums.
I wanted to be a singer, but I was told that I should learn to play the drums.
I wanted to be a teacher.
I wanted to be a writer.
I wanted to be able to read Berber poetry in Berber.
I wanted to be able to read minds.
I wanted to be admired.
I wanted to be aggressive.
I wanted to be alone.
I wanted to be an Arabic teacher.
I wanted to be an architect.
I wanted to be an astrophysicist once.
I wanted to be an inventor when I was young.
I wanted to be born a rabbit, and not a human.
I wanted to be cautious.
I wanted to be cooperative.
I wanted to be different.
I wanted to be early.
I wanted to be famous.
I wanted to be first.
I wanted to be fluent in Berber.
I wanted to be free.
I wanted to be friends with Tom.
I wanted to be good.
I wanted to be her.
I wanted to be here by 2:30, but something came up.
I wanted to be here.
I wanted to be him.
I wanted to be his wife.
I wanted to be in Algeria.
I wanted to be just like Tom.
I wanted to be just like her.
I wanted to be just like him.
I wanted to be just like my dad.
I wanted to be just like my father.
I wanted to be just like you.
I wanted to be last.
I wanted to be left alone.
I wanted to be like Tom.
I wanted to be like her.
I wanted to be like him.
I wanted to be like my father.
I wanted to be like them.
I wanted to be like you.
I wanted to be liked.
I wanted to be loved.
I wanted to be part of the Muslim ummah.
I wanted to be popular.
I wanted to be prepared.
I wanted to be protected.
I wanted to be punctual.
I wanted to be ready by 2:30.
I wanted to be ready.
I wanted to be someone like you.
I wanted to be sure Tom and Mary were planning to be here.
I wanted to be sure Tom was planning to be here.
I wanted to be sure that that's what we were supposed to be doing.
I wanted to be sure that's what we were supposed to be doing.
I wanted to be sure.
I wanted to be the best.
I wanted to be the boss.
I wanted to be the center of attention.
I wanted to be the first to congratulate you.
I wanted to be the one to tell Tom the news.
I wanted to be the one to tell Tom.
I wanted to be the one who bought that for you.
I wanted to be the one who did that for you.
I wanted to be the one who did that.
I wanted to be the reason for her happiness.
I wanted to be them.
I wanted to be there with you.
I wanted to be there, but something came up.
I wanted to be there.
I wanted to be with Tom all the time.
I wanted to be with Tom.
I wanted to be with her all the time.
I wanted to be with him all the time.
I wanted to be with him and that is why I left my friends from the background.
I wanted to be with you now.
I wanted to be with you when you told Tom about us getting married.
I wanted to be with you.
I wanted to be your bride.
I wanted to be your friend.
I wanted to be your wife.
I wanted to become a bagel maker so I took three years of training for it. It was fun.
I wanted to become a doctor.
I wanted to become a philosopher.
I wanted to become a singer or an actor, but my parents wanted me to become a lawyer or a doctor.
I wanted to become fluent in Berber.
I wanted to become rich.
I wanted to become your bride.
I wanted to become your wife.
I wanted to believe Tom and Mary were happy.
I wanted to believe Tom and Mary were lying.
I wanted to believe Tom was happy.
I wanted to believe Tom was lying.
I wanted to believe Tom.
I wanted to believe what Tom told me.
I wanted to believe you.
I wanted to borrow your camera to take pictures of Tom's new house.
I wanted to bring them home with me.
I wanted to bring you these.
I wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
I wanted to buy Tom a present.
I wanted to buy Tom something for his birthday.
I wanted to buy a book to read on the plane.
I wanted to buy a book.
I wanted to buy a dog.
I wanted to buy a house in downtown Boston, but I couldn't afford it.
I wanted to buy a house.
I wanted to buy a huge stuffed bear at Ken's but it was not for sale.
I wanted to buy a huge stuffed bear at Ken’s but it was not for sale.
I wanted to buy a map of Australia.
I wanted to buy a map of Boston.
I wanted to buy a necklace for Mary, but I didn't have enough money.
I wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
I wanted to buy a new bicycle for Tom, but I didn't have enough money.
I wanted to buy a new one anyway.
I wanted to buy a notebook.
I wanted to buy a painting from Tom.
I wanted to buy a present for Tom.
I wanted to buy a suit, but it was too expensive.
I wanted to buy all of it, but I left with empty hands.
I wanted to buy it.
I wanted to buy my neighbor's cottage, but it had already been sold when I got there.
I wanted to buy myself a motorbike, but my wife talked me out of it.
I wanted to buy one of Tom's paintings.
I wanted to buy one of those, too.
I wanted to buy some chocolate.
I wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
I wanted to buy that barbecue.
I wanted to buy that coffee pot but I couldn't afford it.
I wanted to buy that for you.
I wanted to buy that painting, but it had already been sold to somebody else.
I wanted to buy that painting.
I wanted to buy the book, but I discovered that I only had two hundred yen on me.
I wanted to buy the book, but I found I had no more than 200 yen with me.
I wanted to buy the book.
I wanted to buy the huge stuffed bear at Ken's store, but it was not for sale.
I wanted to buy this book as a present for Tom.
I wanted to buy you something nice.
I wanted to call Tom.
I wanted to call him a home wrecker to his face.
I wanted to call my lawyer.
I wanted to call you but I didn't have your number.
I wanted to call you.
I wanted to catch the bird, but I found it too difficult.
I wanted to change channels, but my wife wouldn't let me.
I wanted to change my order, but they wouldn't let me.
I wanted to change my seat, but all the other ones were full.
I wanted to change that.
I wanted to change things up with my hairstyle.
I wanted to change things.
I wanted to change.
I wanted to cheer Tom up.
I wanted to clear that up with you.
I wanted to climb a mountain in Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to climb that tree.
I wanted to close the door, but I've lost the key.
I wanted to come at nine.
I wanted to come there, but I wasn't sure if you would open the door for me.
I wanted to come to you, because I missed you so much.
I wanted to come.
I wanted to comfort Tom.
I wanted to confront Tom.
I wanted to congratulate you, albeit belatedly, on passing your exam.
I wanted to conquer the world, but it rains!
I wanted to construct additional pylons, but a voice told me, "You've not enough energy."
I wanted to continue doing that.
I wanted to continue partying.
I wanted to continue the party.
I wanted to continue to work.
I wanted to continue.
I wanted to contribute.
I wanted to cry from embarrassment.
I wanted to cry.
I wanted to dance with Tom.
I wanted to dance with you.
I wanted to dance.
I wanted to date a Kabyle girl.
I wanted to date an Algerian girl from Kabylie.
I wanted to date the teacher.
I wanted to die peacefully, but then my coffin was too small for my body.
I wanted to die.
I wanted to disappear.
I wanted to discuss that matter with Tom.
I wanted to discuss that subject with you.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to do an intensive Berber course.
I wanted to do better this time.
I wanted to do better.
I wanted to do it, but could not.
I wanted to do it.
I wanted to do more.
I wanted to do some shopping.
I wanted to do some telephoning.
I wanted to do something I loved.
I wanted to do something I'd never done before.
I wanted to do something else.
I wanted to do something for Tom.
I wanted to do something for you.
I wanted to do something nice for Tom.
I wanted to do something nice for you.
I wanted to do something quickly about early childhood education and early literacy.
I wanted to do something that would make Tom happy.
I wanted to do something that would make my parents proud of me.
I wanted to do something to make Tom happy.
I wanted to do something.
I wanted to do that again.
I wanted to do that before 2:30.
I wanted to do that before Tom asked me to.
I wanted to do that by myself.
I wanted to do that even more than you did.
I wanted to do that for Tom.
I wanted to do that for you.
I wanted to do that last week, but didn't have the time.
I wanted to do that today, but Tom begged me not to.
I wanted to do that today.
I wanted to do that with Tom.
I wanted to do that with you.
I wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
I wanted to do that yesterday morning with Tom.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I couldn't.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I didn't.
I wanted to do that yesterday.
I wanted to do that, but I couldn't.
I wanted to do that, but I didn't have enough time.
I wanted to do that, but I didn't know how.
I wanted to do that, but I didn't.
I wanted to do that, but I was told that I couldn't.
I wanted to do that, but I was told that I wasn't allowed to.
I wanted to do that, but I wasn't able to.
I wanted to do that, but I wasn't allowed to.
I wanted to do that, but Tom wouldn't let me.
I wanted to do that, too.
I wanted to do that.
I wanted to do the right thing.
I wanted to do this alone.
I wanted to do this many times.
I wanted to do this.
I wanted to drive, but Tom wouldn't let me.
I wanted to drive.
I wanted to dye my hair.
I wanted to earn some money, so I worked part time three days a week.
I wanted to eat Chinese food.
I wanted to eat an authentic pretzel!
I wanted to eat cake.
I wanted to eat ice cream.
I wanted to eat it.
I wanted to eat lunch with Tom.
I wanted to eat lunch with you, but I had to take me son to the hospital.
I wanted to eat meat so I came here to shop, but what meat should I buy?
I wanted to eat pizza.
I wanted to eat some cake.
I wanted to eat some cereal.
I wanted to eat steak.
I wanted to eat vanilla ice cream.
I wanted to eat with Tom, but I didn't have time.
I wanted to eat with Tom.
I wanted to eat with you.
I wanted to emphasize that.
I wanted to emphasize this.
I wanted to escape with Tom.
I wanted to escape.
I wanted to escape. So I visited Kabylie.
I wanted to experience more.
I wanted to experience something paranormal.
I wanted to experience the joy of having a child.
I wanted to explain everything to Tom.
I wanted to explain what had happened, but no one would listen.
I wanted to explore that house.
I wanted to explore that mystery.
I wanted to express my thanks to you.
I wanted to face my fears.
I wanted to fall in love with someone, but it didn't happen.
I wanted to feel comfortable.
I wanted to feel needed.
I wanted to fight her.
I wanted to fight.
I wanted to find Tom.
I wanted to find my son.
I wanted to find out more about you.
I wanted to find out what Tom thought.
I wanted to find out what had happened.
I wanted to find out what was going on.
I wanted to find out what was happening.
I wanted to find who was responsible.
I wanted to finish it.
I wanted to finish reading that book, but I found it impossible.
I wanted to finish this earlier.
I wanted to finish this yesterday.
I wanted to fix everything, but I only made it worse.
I wanted to fix that.
I wanted to flatter her.
I wanted to follow in my father's footsteps.
I wanted to follow the footprints.
I wanted to fool her so that she would die happy.
I wanted to forget Tom.
I wanted to fuck him so badly.
I wanted to fuck you in the ass.
I wanted to get Tom to help me.
I wanted to get a dog, but my parents got me a cat instead.
I wanted to get a dog.
I wanted to get a lot of money.
I wanted to get a tattoo on my chest, but everybody told me that that was a stupid idea.
I wanted to get a tattoo on my chest, but everybody told me that was a stupid idea.
I wanted to get a tattoo on my chest, but everyone told me that that was a stupid idea.
I wanted to get a tattoo on my chest, but everyone told me that was a stupid idea.
I wanted to get away from that area.
I wanted to get back to the office.
I wanted to get drunk.
I wanted to get good at soccer and actually used to practice in secret.
I wanted to get home before 2:30.
I wanted to get it over with.
I wanted to get married and have children, but that never happened.
I wanted to get married.
I wanted to get married. You're the one who didn't.
I wanted to get my children back.
I wanted to get my kids back.
I wanted to get my mind off work.
I wanted to get my money's worth.
I wanted to get on the first train that came along and go far, far away.
I wanted to get some air.
I wanted to get some sleep.
I wanted to get this to you ASAP.
I wanted to get up earlier than Mother.
I wanted to get up early this morning, but I still overslept.
I wanted to get up early to make them breakfast.
I wanted to get you some clothes for the winter.
I wanted to get your advice, but it's too late now.
I wanted to get your opinion.
I wanted to give Tom a chance.
I wanted to give Tom a gift.
I wanted to give Tom an extra day to finish the report.
I wanted to give Tom some money.
I wanted to give it to you.
I wanted to give myself a chance.
I wanted to give myself a gift.
I wanted to give up on everything.
I wanted to give up.
I wanted to give you a chance to explain why you did that.
I wanted to give you a chance.
I wanted to give you something, but I wasn't sure what you'd like.
I wanted to give you these.
I wanted to give you this.
I wanted to go abroad.
I wanted to go alone to Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to go back home.
I wanted to go back to Australia.
I wanted to go back to Boston.
I wanted to go back to our village.
I wanted to go back to school.
I wanted to go back to your village.
I wanted to go by train.
I wanted to go camping with Tom.
I wanted to go camping with you.
I wanted to go canoeing with you.
I wanted to go fishing last weekend, but I couldn't.
I wanted to go fishing.
I wanted to go for a drive.
I wanted to go hiking with Tom.
I wanted to go hiking with you.
I wanted to go home and eat dinner with my wife.
I wanted to go home earlier than usual.
I wanted to go home early today.
I wanted to go home early, but Tom didn't.
I wanted to go home early.
I wanted to go home.
I wanted to go hunting with Tom.
I wanted to go hunting.
I wanted to go ice fishing with you last weekend.
I wanted to go into politics.
I wanted to go left.
I wanted to go mountain climbing with Tom.
I wanted to go out and play baseball with my friends.
I wanted to go out with Tom.
I wanted to go outside and get a breath of fresh air.
I wanted to go outside and play with the other children.
I wanted to go outside and play.
I wanted to go outside, but my mother wouldn't let me.
I wanted to go outside.
I wanted to go over a few things with Tom.
I wanted to go sailing.
I wanted to go shopping with Tom.
I wanted to go shopping with you.
I wanted to go shopping.
I wanted to go skating with Tom.
I wanted to go skating with you.
I wanted to go skiing with Tom.
I wanted to go skiing with you.
I wanted to go skiing.
I wanted to go skin diving yesterday.
I wanted to go somewhere I'd never been before.
I wanted to go somewhere that I'd never been before.
I wanted to go swimming with Tom, but I couldn't.
I wanted to go swimming with Tom.
I wanted to go swimming with you.
I wanted to go swimming.
I wanted to go there with her, but I was too busy.
I wanted to go there.
I wanted to go to Australia and live with my dad.
I wanted to go to Australia to visit Tom.
I wanted to go to Australia with Tom, but he said he didn't want to go with me.
I wanted to go to Australia with Tom, but he said that he didn't want to go with me.
I wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
I wanted to go to Australia with you.
I wanted to go to Australia, but my father wouldn't let me.
I wanted to go to Australia.
I wanted to go to Belgium again, as long as the country was still there.
I wanted to go to Boston and live with my dad.
I wanted to go to Boston to visit Tom.
I wanted to go to Boston with Tom, but he said he didn't want to go with me.
I wanted to go to Boston with Tom.
I wanted to go to Boston with you.
I wanted to go to Boston, but my father wouldn't let me.
I wanted to go to Boston.
I wanted to go to China.
I wanted to go to France.
I wanted to go to Harvard.
I wanted to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to go to Kabylie.
I wanted to go to Paris.
I wanted to go to Tom's place to get a few things I'd left there.
I wanted to go to business school.
I wanted to go to college, but I couldn't afford to.
I wanted to go to college.
I wanted to go to sleep, but I knew I needed to stay up until Tom got home.
I wanted to go to the U.S. some day.
I wanted to go to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
I wanted to go to the beach with Tom.
I wanted to go to the beach.
I wanted to go to the concert.
I wanted to go to the convenience store, but I had no cash.
I wanted to go to the dance with Tom.
I wanted to go to the lake.
I wanted to go to the library.
I wanted to go to the zoo.
I wanted to go where Tom and Mary were going.
I wanted to go where Tom was going.
I wanted to go where she was.
I wanted to go wherever Tom and Mary were going.
I wanted to go wherever Tom was going.
I wanted to go with Tom.
I wanted to go with you.
I wanted to go, but I couldn't.
I wanted to go, but I didn't.
I wanted to go, but I fell ill.
I wanted to go, but I forgot.
I wanted to go, but I got ill.
I wanted to go, but I got sick.
I wanted to go, but I had lots of things to do.
I wanted to go, too.
I wanted to go.
I wanted to grab another, but the next person in line, clearly a ravenous beast, had grabbed the tongs and was spooning polenta onto their plate with the eagerness of a puppy on speed.
I wanted to hang out with Tom.
I wanted to hang out with you.
I wanted to have a Porsche.
I wanted to have a beer with Tom.
I wanted to have a beer with you.
I wanted to have a game of chess with Tom. However, he said that he had no time for it.
I wanted to have a look at Tom's room.
I wanted to have a word with Jamal.
I wanted to have a word with Tom.
I wanted to have a word with you about what happened.
I wanted to have children.
I wanted to have finished it by the time school was over.
I wanted to have fun.
I wanted to have had everything my own way.
I wanted to have lunch with Tom tomorrow, but he told me he'd be out of town.
I wanted to have that.
I wanted to hear Tom confess.
I wanted to hear from Tom.
I wanted to hear from her.
I wanted to hear from him.
I wanted to hear from them.
I wanted to hear more.
I wanted to hear that song.
I wanted to hear you say that.
I wanted to help Tom and Mary do that.
I wanted to help Tom build his house.
I wanted to help Tom do that.
I wanted to help Tom find a job.
I wanted to help Tom out.
I wanted to help Tom pay his bills.
I wanted to help Tom understand what Mary was trying to tell him.
I wanted to help Tom with something, but he rejected it.
I wanted to help Tom.
I wanted to help her.
I wanted to help him.
I wanted to help my friends.
I wanted to help out.
I wanted to help them.
I wanted to help you all.
I wanted to help you do that.
I wanted to help you guys.
I wanted to help you, I really did, but then I thought I'd rather take care of my own life.
I wanted to help you, but Tom told me not to.
I wanted to help you.
I wanted to help young people.
I wanted to help, but I couldn't do anything.
I wanted to help, but I didn't have time.
I wanted to help, but there was nothing I could do.
I wanted to help.
I wanted to hire Tom.
I wanted to hire a coach.
I wanted to hit Tom.
I wanted to hit him, but he ran away from me.
I wanted to hold you so much.
I wanted to hug Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I wanted to hug Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I wanted to hug Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I wanted to hug Tom.
I wanted to hug her.
I wanted to hug him.
I wanted to hug the teacher.
I wanted to hug you before class started, but I didn't want to look like a lesbian.
I wanted to hug you, but I knew it would embarrass you if I did.
I wanted to hurt Tom.
I wanted to hurt her.
I wanted to hurt him.
I wanted to hurt them.
I wanted to hurt you.
I wanted to ignore those noises.
I wanted to impress Tom.
I wanted to impress her.
I wanted to impress him.
I wanted to impress my friends.
I wanted to impress my girlfriend.
I wanted to impress them.
I wanted to impress you.
I wanted to improve my Berber.
I wanted to improve my French.
I wanted to improve my Japanese pronunciation.
I wanted to introduce myself.
I wanted to introduce you to Tom.
I wanted to invite Mr. Jinsu this evening to thank him for helping me earlier.
I wanted to invite you, but your friend beat me to it.
I wanted to join your group.
I wanted to keep going.
I wanted to keep it.
I wanted to keep my children at home.
I wanted to keep my distance.
I wanted to keep my eye on you.
I wanted to keep my job, so I did what the boss told me to do.
I wanted to keep my kids at home.
I wanted to keep out bugs.
I wanted to keep things a little interesting.
I wanted to keep this a surprise.
I wanted to kill Tom.
I wanted to kill her.
I wanted to kill him, but I was too stressed to hold firmly his Desert Eagle.
I wanted to kill him.
I wanted to kill myself.
I wanted to kill them.
I wanted to kill you.
I wanted to kiss Tom again, but I didn't.
I wanted to kiss Tom yesterday, but I didn't.
I wanted to kiss Tom, and I think he wanted to kiss me, too.
I wanted to kiss Tom, but I didn't have the nerve to try.
I wanted to kiss Tom, but I didn't.
I wanted to kiss Tom.
I wanted to kiss you from the moment I met you.
I wanted to knock his head off.
I wanted to know Tom's last name.
I wanted to know about Tom.
I wanted to know about everything.
I wanted to know as well.
I wanted to know how to say "thank you" in French.
I wanted to know how you're doing.
I wanted to know if you'd heard anything about what's going to be discussed at tomorrow's meeting.
I wanted to know more about Tom.
I wanted to know more about my family's history.
I wanted to know the truth.
I wanted to know what Tom was doing.
I wanted to know what Tom's opinion was.
I wanted to know what frightened my dog.
I wanted to know what had happened.
I wanted to know what happened.
I wanted to know what our general stance is on adding machine translations?
I wanted to know what she was saying.
I wanted to know what the problem was.
I wanted to know what was going on.
I wanted to know what was happening.
I wanted to know what was in the box.
I wanted to know what would happen.
I wanted to know where Tom lived.
I wanted to know where Tom was.
I wanted to know where he was.
I wanted to know where the voice was coming from.
I wanted to know who could answer my cry for help, I found nothingness.
I wanted to know why Tom did that.
I wanted to know why Tom did this.
I wanted to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I wanted to know why that happened.
I wanted to know why you didn't come yesterday.
I wanted to know why.
I wanted to know, too.
I wanted to laugh.
I wanted to learn Berber as best as I could.
I wanted to learn Berber at home.
I wanted to learn Berber fast.
I wanted to learn Berber online.
I wanted to learn Berber.
I wanted to learn Esperanto, because it interested me very much.
I wanted to learn French.
I wanted to learn Russian, but they only teach English and Spanish at this language school.
I wanted to learn from the best.
I wanted to learn how to speak French.
I wanted to learn judo.
I wanted to learn to build websites.
I wanted to learn various foreign languages but I still don't know which on to start with.
I wanted to leave Australia.
I wanted to leave early.
I wanted to leave in the morning.
I wanted to leave the country.
I wanted to leave.
I wanted to let Tom go.
I wanted to let her go.
I wanted to let him go.
I wanted to let them go.
I wanted to let you know I'd be late.
I wanted to let you know about that, but Tom told me not to say anything.
I wanted to let you know that I appreciate your help.
I wanted to let you know that I would be late.
I wanted to let you know that I'd be late.
I wanted to let you know that you weren't alone.
I wanted to let you know you weren't alone.
I wanted to level this place.
I wanted to lie, but I didn't.
I wanted to live alone, not in a retirement home.
I wanted to live by myself.
I wanted to live in Algeria.
I wanted to live in Australia, but I couldn't.
I wanted to live in Australia.
I wanted to live in Boston with my family.
I wanted to live in Boston.
I wanted to live in Hokkaido, but I couldn't.
I wanted to live in Hokkaido, but I couldn’t.
I wanted to live in Paris.
I wanted to lock the door, but I lost the key.
I wanted to lock the door, but I'd lost the key.
I wanted to look into Islam.
I wanted to look really cool.
I wanted to lose weight.
I wanted to love Tom.
I wanted to make Tom and Mary feel at home.
I wanted to make Tom feel at home.
I wanted to make Tom happy.
I wanted to make Tom smile.
I wanted to make a deal.
I wanted to make a few phone calls.
I wanted to make a good first impression.
I wanted to make a lot of money.
I wanted to make a reservation at my favorite restaurant, but it's closed on Christmas Eve.
I wanted to make an impenetrable glass brick, but Tim said no.
I wanted to make her happy.
I wanted to make him happy.
I wanted to make it easier for Tom.
I wanted to make it perfectly clear, so I met him today and said goodbye.
I wanted to make it.
I wanted to make new friends.
I wanted to make one of them.
I wanted to make one.
I wanted to make several phone calls.
I wanted to make some telephone calls.
I wanted to make sure Tom and Mary were here.
I wanted to make sure Tom was OK.
I wanted to make sure Tom was here.
I wanted to make sure it wasn't us who caused the problem.
I wanted to make sure that Tom was OK.
I wanted to make sure that your family knew that.
I wanted to make sure there was enough.
I wanted to make sure we didn't cause the problem.
I wanted to make sure you arrived in one piece.
I wanted to make sure you saw that.
I wanted to make sure you told them that.
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
I wanted to make sure you were alone.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you weren't having problems.
I wanted to make sure your family knew that.
I wanted to make sure.
I wanted to make you feel at home.
I wanted to marry Mary.
I wanted to marry Tom someday.
I wanted to marry Tom.
I wanted to marry a Kabyle woman.
I wanted to marry him.
I wanted to meet Tom again.
I wanted to meet Tom's family.
I wanted to meet Tom.
I wanted to meet a really mature woman.
I wanted to meet and talk with the girl at the window.
I wanted to meet her in person.
I wanted to meet with Tom.
I wanted to meet you.
I wanted to move forward, but the car was completely surrounded by zombies.
I wanted to move to Australia.
I wanted to move to Boston.
I wanted to name my daughter Mary.
I wanted to name my son Tom.
I wanted to not only give him what I owed him, but I wanted to give more because I thought: Wow, what kind of person is being so trustful.
I wanted to open a banking account.
I wanted to open my own restaurant.
I wanted to overcome that phobia.
I wanted to participate.
I wanted to pass the year.
I wanted to pay closer attention.
I wanted to pay in cash.
I wanted to pay off my debts.
I wanted to pay.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn't get it so I didn't phone you in the end.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn’t get it so I didn’t phone you in the end.
I wanted to photograph these wild horses for so long.
I wanted to pitch.
I wanted to plan way ahead for my Christmas shopping so that I wouldn't have to bother with it later.
I wanted to play another game.
I wanted to play chess with you.
I wanted to play darts with you.
I wanted to play golf with Tom.
I wanted to play golf, but everybody else wanted to go swimming.
I wanted to play golf.
I wanted to play hockey.
I wanted to play tag with the other children, but they wouldn't let me.
I wanted to play tag.
I wanted to play tennis with Tom.
I wanted to play that game.
I wanted to play.
I wanted to please you.
I wanted to polish my shoes.
I wanted to practice French.
I wanted to practice speaking French with native speakers.
I wanted to practise Berber.
I wanted to practise my Berber, so I needed to talk more to my co-workers.
I wanted to prevent the tragedy.
I wanted to protect my family.
I wanted to protect my son.
I wanted to protect you.
I wanted to prove to myself I could do it.
I wanted to prove to myself that I could do it.
I wanted to prune the plum tree.
I wanted to punch him in the face.
I wanted to pursue acting.
I wanted to quit.
I wanted to read a book.
I wanted to read all of those books.
I wanted to read them all.
I wanted to read them.
I wanted to refresh my Berber a little bit.
I wanted to relax.
I wanted to remember.
I wanted to rent a bus.
I wanted to rent a car, but none were available.
I wanted to rent a car.
I wanted to repent.
I wanted to replace it anyway.
I wanted to repot those flowers.
I wanted to rescue you.
I wanted to resume my normal life.
I wanted to retire three years ago.
I wanted to return here.
I wanted to return the favor.
I wanted to return the favour.
I wanted to return to your village.
I wanted to ride my bike, but I'm out of practice.
I wanted to ripen the pears.
I wanted to room with Tom.
I wanted to run away with Tom.
I wanted to run away with her.
I wanted to run away with him.
I wanted to run away with them.
I wanted to run away with you.
I wanted to run away.
I wanted to run for class president.
I wanted to run home.
I wanted to run.
I wanted to satisfy Tom.
I wanted to save Tom.
I wanted to save her.
I wanted to save him.
I wanted to save some money.
I wanted to save them.
I wanted to save this for a special occasion.
I wanted to save this for an occasion.
I wanted to save you.
I wanted to say I was sorry.
I wanted to say goodbye to Tom.
I wanted to say goodbye.
I wanted to say hello to Tom.
I wanted to say hello to her.
I wanted to say hello to him.
I wanted to say hello to them.
I wanted to say how much I enjoyed your class.
I wanted to say more.
I wanted to say no so badly, but I couldn't speak.
I wanted to say no.
I wanted to say something meaningful.
I wanted to say something to Tom.
I wanted to say something to him, but I didn't.
I wanted to say something to you all.
I wanted to say something, but I was too scared.
I wanted to say sorry.
I wanted to say thank you directly.
I wanted to say thank you for all your help.
I wanted to say thank you personally.
I wanted to say thank you to you directly.
I wanted to say thank you to you personally.
I wanted to say thank you.
I wanted to say thanks.
I wanted to say that I was sorry.
I wanted to say that I'm really needy and if you can help me, please do so.
I wanted to say that I'm sorry.
I wanted to say that I'm very sorry.
I wanted to say yes, but I couldn't.
I wanted to say yes.
I wanted to scare Tom.
I wanted to scare him.
I wanted to scream, but I couldn't find my voice at all.
I wanted to scream.
I wanted to see Tom again.
I wanted to see Tom and Mary do that.
I wanted to see Tom do that.
I wanted to see Tom happy.
I wanted to see Tom laugh.
I wanted to see Tom smile.
I wanted to see Tom suffer.
I wanted to see Tom win.
I wanted to see Tom's room.
I wanted to see Tom, but he wasn't there.
I wanted to see Tom, too.
I wanted to see Tom.
I wanted to see as much as I could.
I wanted to see everybody.
I wanted to see everyone.
I wanted to see for myself.
I wanted to see her again.
I wanted to see her, too.
I wanted to see her.
I wanted to see him, too.
I wanted to see him.
I wanted to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
I wanted to see how Tom was doing.
I wanted to see how it was done.
I wanted to see if I could do that.
I wanted to see if Tom could do that.
I wanted to see if Tom could win.
I wanted to see if Tom needed any help.
I wanted to see if that was true.
I wanted to see if there really was someone out there.
I wanted to see if there was a chance to save the festival.
I wanted to see if you were asleep.
I wanted to see if you'd heard anything about Tom.
I wanted to see results.
I wanted to see that.
I wanted to see the elephant first, but Tom wanted to see the monkeys.
I wanted to see the giraffes.
I wanted to see the monkeys.
I wanted to see the soap opera, but he wanted to watch the football.
I wanted to see the village.
I wanted to see them, too.
I wanted to see them.
I wanted to see what it looked like on her.
I wanted to see what was inside.
I wanted to see what would happen.
I wanted to see you again.
I wanted to see you so badly.
I wanted to see you tonight.
I wanted to see you, too.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to sell Tom my old car.
I wanted to sell it anyway.
I wanted to sell it.
I wanted to sell my car.
I wanted to sell that house.
I wanted to share it with you.
I wanted to share it.
I wanted to share my lunch with Tom.
I wanted to share my thoughts with you.
I wanted to share with you a new application that I'm using to create a memory book for my grandfather who recently passed away.
I wanted to show Fadil where the parking lot was.
I wanted to show Mary how to do that, so next time she could do it and I wouldn't have to.
I wanted to show Tom a good time.
I wanted to show Tom and Mary how to do that, so next time they could do it and I wouldn't have to.
I wanted to show Tom how good I was at skating.
I wanted to show Tom how to do that, so next time he could do it and I wouldn't have to.
I wanted to show Tom how to do that.
I wanted to show Tom how to do what needed to be done.
I wanted to show Tom my farm.
I wanted to show Tom my paintings.
I wanted to show Tom your book.
I wanted to show her your book.
I wanted to show him to you.
I wanted to show him your book.
I wanted to show it to you too.
I wanted to show it to you.
I wanted to show them my appreciation.
I wanted to show them your book.
I wanted to show you first.
I wanted to show you how to do that.
I wanted to show you this.
I wanted to sing so bad.
I wanted to sing.
I wanted to sink through the floor.
I wanted to sit down.
I wanted to sit in the back.
I wanted to sit in the front.
I wanted to sit near the door.
I wanted to sit next to Tom.
I wanted to slap myself.
I wanted to sleep a little longer.
I wanted to sleep on it.
I wanted to sleep tonight!
I wanted to smack you.
I wanted to spare your feelings.
I wanted to speak French every day.
I wanted to speak in French with Tom.
I wanted to speak to Tom alone.
I wanted to speak to Tom in French.
I wanted to speak to Tom.
I wanted to speak to you about this.
I wanted to speak with Tom.
I wanted to speak with the store manager.
I wanted to speak with you about this.
I wanted to speak with you first.
I wanted to speak.
I wanted to spend more time in Australia.
I wanted to spend more time in Boston.
I wanted to spend more time with Tom.
I wanted to spend more time with my family.
I wanted to spend more time with you.
I wanted to spend my life with you.
I wanted to spend some time with Tom in Boston.
I wanted to spend time with Tom.
I wanted to spend time with my children.
I wanted to spend time with the family.
I wanted to start a company, but I never got started.
I wanted to start my own business.
I wanted to start over.
I wanted to stay a little longer.
I wanted to stay as long as I could.
I wanted to stay at home.
I wanted to stay busy, so I wouldn't think about what had happened.
I wanted to stay by her side during her pregnancy.
I wanted to stay home with Tom.
I wanted to stay home with my family.
I wanted to stay home yesterday, but I didn't.
I wanted to stay home, but Tom and Mary insisted that I go with them.
I wanted to stay home, but Tom insisted that I go with him.
I wanted to stay home.
I wanted to stay in Australia a couple of extra days.
I wanted to stay in Australia until October.
I wanted to stay in Australia with my family.
I wanted to stay in Australia, but I couldn't.
I wanted to stay in Australia, too.
I wanted to stay in Australia.
I wanted to stay in Boston a couple of extra days.
I wanted to stay in Boston until October.
I wanted to stay in Boston with my family.
I wanted to stay in Boston, too.
I wanted to stay in Boston.
I wanted to stay in Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to stay in bed all day.
I wanted to stay in bed, but my mother said that I had to get out of bed.
I wanted to stay longer.
I wanted to stay safe.
I wanted to stay there for another two days.
I wanted to stay there for two more days.
I wanted to stay there two days longer.
I wanted to stay where I was.
I wanted to stay with my mother.
I wanted to stay, but I had to leave.
I wanted to stay.
I wanted to steal it.
I wanted to stop Tom.
I wanted to stop by and see how you're doing.
I wanted to stop her.
I wanted to stop him.
I wanted to stop them.
I wanted to stop, but I couldn't.
I wanted to study Berber.
I wanted to study French instead of English.
I wanted to study French, too.
I wanted to study French.
I wanted to study in Berber.
I wanted to study music.
I wanted to study with Tom.
I wanted to succeed.
I wanted to sunbathe.
I wanted to surprise Tom.
I wanted to surprise her.
I wanted to surprise him.
I wanted to surprise them.
I wanted to surprise you by doing that.
I wanted to surprise you with a new T-shirt.
I wanted to surprise you.
I wanted to swim every day.
I wanted to swim in this river.
I wanted to swim with dolphins.
I wanted to swim.
I wanted to switch the channel, but my wife wouldn't let me.
I wanted to take a nap.
I wanted to take a rest.
I wanted to take my shahada in the mosque.
I wanted to take part in the party but I couldn't.
I wanted to take part in the party but I couldn’t.
I wanted to talk about it.
I wanted to talk more, but she just hung up on me.
I wanted to talk some more, but she hung up.
I wanted to talk to Tom about it.
I wanted to talk to Tom about something.
I wanted to talk to Tom about that.
I wanted to talk to Tom again.
I wanted to talk to Tom's father.
I wanted to talk to Tom's mother.
I wanted to talk to Tom, but he wouldn't listen to me.
I wanted to talk to Tom.
I wanted to talk to my children.
I wanted to talk to my kids.
I wanted to talk to my lawyer.
I wanted to talk to them face to face.
I wanted to talk to you about Tom.
I wanted to talk to you about it.
I wanted to talk to you about something important.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
I wanted to talk to you about that.
I wanted to talk to you about them.
I wanted to talk to you about what happened.
I wanted to talk to you about your grades.
I wanted to talk to you about your test results.
I wanted to talk to you alone.
I wanted to talk to you anyway.
I wanted to talk to you because I need your help.
I wanted to talk to you before you left.
I wanted to talk to you first.
I wanted to talk to you.
I wanted to talk with Tom and Mary yesterday, but I couldn't find them.
I wanted to talk with Tom yesterday, but I couldn't find him.
I wanted to talk with Tom.
I wanted to talk with you alone.
I wanted to talk with you face-to-face.
I wanted to talk with you.
I wanted to taste a real pretzel.
I wanted to teach Tom a lesson.
I wanted to teach her Berber.
I wanted to tell Tom I was sorry.
I wanted to tell Tom about Mary.
I wanted to tell Tom about what had happened.
I wanted to tell Tom in person, so I drove over to his house.
I wanted to tell Tom myself.
I wanted to tell Tom something, but I decided it would be better if I didn't.
I wanted to tell Tom something.
I wanted to tell Tom that I couldn't do that.
I wanted to tell Tom that I loved him.
I wanted to tell Tom that I was sorry.
I wanted to tell Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I wanted to tell Tom the truth.
I wanted to tell Tom what was going on.
I wanted to tell Tom what was going to happen.
I wanted to tell Tom what was happening.
I wanted to tell Tom.
I wanted to tell everyone.
I wanted to tell you about it.
I wanted to tell you about them.
I wanted to tell you first.
I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed your party.
I wanted to tell you how sorry I am.
I wanted to tell you how to do that, but Tom told me not to.
I wanted to tell you something, but I forgot what it was. I'll tell you once I remember.
I wanted to tell you that.
I wanted to tell you the truth.
I wanted to tell you this for a long time. I'm in love with you, Yanni.
I wanted to tell you where I'd been, but Tom told me not to.
I wanted to tell you, but I forgot.
I wanted to tell you, but Tom told me not to.
I wanted to tell you.
I wanted to test you.
I wanted to testify against Tom.
I wanted to thank Tom in person.
I wanted to thank them for their work.
I wanted to thank you directly.
I wanted to thank you for earlier.
I wanted to thank you for everything you've done for me.
I wanted to thank you for helping me do that.
I wanted to thank you for helping me out.
I wanted to thank you for helping me.
I wanted to thank you for last night.
I wanted to thank you for saving my dog.
I wanted to thank you for that.
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.
I wanted to thank you in person.
I wanted to thank you personally.
I wanted to thank you.
I wanted to think about it.
I wanted to throw up.
I wanted to trim the hedge.
I wanted to try doing it by myself without relying on anyone, but I don't think I understand it after all. Please tell me how to do it.
I wanted to try getting her number.
I wanted to try it too.
I wanted to try it.
I wanted to try out that camping area.
I wanted to try that new restaurant on Main street.
I wanted to try that new restaurant on Park Street, but Tom wanted to go someplace else.
I wanted to try to continue.
I wanted to try to do that.
I wanted to try to find a solution to that problem.
I wanted to undeceive Tom.
I wanted to understand what had happened.
I wanted to understand.
I wanted to use the bathroom.
I wanted to visit Australia last year, but I couldn't.
I wanted to visit Boston last year, but couldn't.
I wanted to visit Boston.
I wanted to visit Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to visit Tom next Monday, but he said he was going to be busy, so I'm planning to visit him the Monday after next.
I wanted to visit a cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to visit a haunted house.
I wanted to visit the village.
I wanted to visit you yesterday.
I wanted to wait for Tom.
I wanted to wait.
I wanted to walk on the beach.
I wanted to walk.
I wanted to warn Tom.
I wanted to warn her.
I wanted to warn him.
I wanted to warn them.
I wanted to warn you.
I wanted to wash my hair this morning, but we've run out of shampoo.
I wanted to wash my hands.
I wanted to wash up.
I wanted to watch a horror movie, but my girlfriend is scared and rented comedy instead.
I wanted to watch a movie.
I wanted to watch that movie with you.
I wanted to watch that movie.
I wanted to watch you die.
I wanted to watch.
I wanted to win the prize, but failed.
I wanted to win.
I wanted to wish you well.
I wanted to work and save some money.
I wanted to work for Tom.
I wanted to work hard.
I wanted to work this summer.
I wanted to work.
I wanted to wrap my arms around his neck.
I wanted to write a book.
I wanted to write about "how", but ended up writing about "what".
I wanted to write myself a little note.
I wanted to write something meaningful.
I wanted to, but I couldn't.
I wanted us to be happy.
I wanted what Tom had.
I wanted wine.
I wanted work.
I wanted you so much.
I wanted you the moment I saw you.
I wanted you to be here at 2:30.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to be the first to know.
I wanted you to be there.
I wanted you to come alone.
I wanted you to come.
I wanted you to do that.
I wanted you to feel at home.
I wanted you to go to the cemetery with me.
I wanted you to have a little fun.
I wanted you to have it.
I wanted you to have this.
I wanted you to help me do that.
I wanted you to help me with my homework.
I wanted you to keep that.
I wanted you to know I'm still your friend.
I wanted you to know Tom will be OK.
I wanted you to know how I feel.
I wanted you to know how I felt.
I wanted you to know how much you mean to me.
I wanted you to know how much you meant to me.
I wanted you to know it.
I wanted you to know that I'm still your friend.
I wanted you to know.
I wanted you to like me.
I wanted you to see Tom one last time.
I wanted you to see it.
I wanted you to see me.
I wanted you to see that I'm not all that bad.
I wanted you to see this.
I wanted you to sing.
I wanted you to understand what I think.
I wanted you to understand what you're up against.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted your cooperation.
I wanted your feedback.
I wanted your help.
I wanted your opinion.
I wanted.
I warmed my hands in front of the campfire.
I warmed myself at the fire.
I warmed myself in front of the fireplace.
I warmed myself in the bath.
I warmed up beside the fire.
I warmed up my meal.
I warn you against doing that again, or you'll be fined.
I warn you not to do that again.
I warn you!
I warn you, the thing is pretty risky.
I warn you. Don't go there.
I warned Mary, but she didn't listen.
I warned Mina.
I warned Tom about Mary.
I warned Tom about that.
I warned Tom not to agree to do that.
I warned Tom not to be late again.
I warned Tom not to be late.
I warned Tom not to come here again.
I warned Tom not to come here.
I warned Tom not to do it.
I warned Tom not to do that again.
I warned Tom not to do that anymore.
I warned Tom not to do that too much.
I warned Tom not to do that.
I warned Tom not to eat anything Mary cooked.
I warned Tom not to eat that.
I warned Tom not to go out at night alone.
I warned Tom not to hit Mary.
I warned Tom not to pitch his tent so near the river.
I warned Tom once, but he didn't listen.
I warned Tom to stay away from Mary.
I warned Tom, but he didn't listen.
I warned Tom, but he ignored my warning.
I warned Tom, but he never listened to me.
I warned Tom.
I warned everyone.
I warned her against Tom, but she wouldn't listen.
I warned her against Tom.
I warned her not to be late.
I warned her not to come here.
I warned her she was wearing my slippers.
I warned her to stay away from him.
I warned her, but she didn't listen.
I warned her.
I warned him about the danger.
I warned him he was wearing my slippers.
I warned him many times, but he won't stop talking.
I warned him not to be late.
I warned him not to come here.
I warned him not to smoke.
I warned him of the danger.
I warned him once, but he didn't listen.
I warned him several times.
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.
I warned him.
I warned little Mary to leave the kerosene heater alone.
I warned them beforehand that I was going to ask them to do something that was out of their comfort zone.
I warned them not to come here.
I warned them not to leave Tom alone but nobody listened to me.
I warned them.
I warned you about Tom, didn't I?
I warned you about Tom.
I warned you about her.
I warned you about him.
I warned you about how boring that class would be.
I warned you about how dangerous it would be.
I warned you against Tom.
I warned you and Tom.
I warned you he was crazy.
I warned you in advance.
I warned you never to come here.
I warned you not to come here again.
I warned you not to come here.
I warned you not to do so, didn't I?
I warned you not to do so, didn’t I?
I warned you not to get near him, didn't I?
I warned you not to get near him, didn’t I?
I warned you not to trust Tom.
I warned you not to trust her.
I warned you not to trust him.
I warned you not to trust me.
I warned you not to trust them.
I warned you not to underestimate Tom.
I warned you off about him.
I warned you once, but you didn't listen.
I warned you once.
I warned you that Tom and Mary were coming.
I warned you that Tom was coming.
I warned you this would happen.
I warned you to leave Tom alone.
I warned you what might happen.
I warned you what would happen if Tom did that.
I warned you what would happen if you did that.
I warned you what would happen if you didn't do that.
I warned you what would happen if you didn't do what I told you to do.
I warned you!
I warned you, but you wouldn’t listen.
I warned you.
I warned you; now do as you wish.
I was 13 at the time.
I was 13 in 2003.
I was 15 seconds over.
I was 84 years old when I dreamt of a fleeting love.
I was 9 years old when I asked my mother whether Father Christmas really existed.
I was Algerian.
I was Dr. Jackson's patient.
I was Mr. Jackson's student.
I was OK.
I was Sarah's boyfriend.
I was Tom's French teacher for three years.
I was Tom's French teacher.
I was Tom's apprentice.
I was Tom's assistant.
I was Tom's attorney.
I was Tom's best man.
I was Tom's cellmate.
I was Tom's emergency contact.
I was Tom's first French teacher.
I was Tom's lawyer.
I was Tom's mentor.
I was Tom's partner.
I was Tom's roommate.
I was Tom's secretary.
I was Tom's teacher.
I was Tom's understudy.
I was a "Roman Cat" as a child in the Philippines. I was Roman Catholic, at least, nominally, as many Filipinos were. For me, the religion was decorative. I knew a few memorized prayers. I rarely did the rosary. But I had several rosaries, and one was glow-in-the-dark white-green plastic! My school, La Salle Green Hills, was a large private Roman Catholic school. I had my first communion at my school. I attended my cousin Jojo's confirmation in a UFO-shaped church in the University of the Philippines. My Roman Catholicism wasn't deep metaphysical and philosophical like my Animism-Buddhism in my current years, but Animism-Buddhism subtly attracted me since childhood. I've seen Buddha statues and Nature has fascinated me since a child.
I was a Berber teacher at the time.
I was a DJ.
I was a French major in college.
I was a German guy in Russia and now I'm a Russian in Germany.
I was a POW.
I was a WAC.
I was a baby in those days.
I was a baby then.
I was a bad student.
I was a bartender when I was in college.
I was a bartender when I was younger.
I was a basketball coach at one time.
I was a bean there for good.
I was a better alto but was selected as a mezzo-soprano.
I was a bit afraid.
I was a bit careless.
I was a bit confused.
I was a bit disappointed.
I was a bit embarrassed.
I was a bit emotional.
I was a bit hungry.
I was a bit jealous.
I was a bit late.
I was a bit nervous about this.
I was a bit puzzled.
I was a bit shocked.
I was a bit surprised.
I was a bit tense.
I was a bit tired, so I took the escalator instead of the stairs.
I was a bit uncomfortable.
I was a bit unlucky.
I was a bit woozy.
I was a bit worried about Tom.
I was a boxer.
I was a boy in my teens at the time of my father’s death.
I was a boy scout.
I was a boy.
I was a brat.
I was a bully.
I was a bum.
I was a butterfly in my dream.
I was a carpenter for three years.
I was a chef.
I was a chemistry major in college.
I was a child who had rats as a pet, so I got over that negative connotation.
I was a child, I remember, my mother would rock me in the cradle.
I was a chubby kid.
I was a coach.
I was a coal miner for thirty years.
I was a comedian.
I was a constant torment to my parents.
I was a cop.
I was a creative kid.
I was a criminal.
I was a curious child.
I was a cynic.
I was a deacon.
I was a disobedient child.
I was a doctor.
I was a dwarf compared with my hostesses.
I was a fan of jumping.
I was a fan.
I was a farmer.
I was a few feet ahead.
I was a few feet away.
I was a first year student last year.
I was a fool for marrying someone like her.
I was a fool not to accept myself for who I am.
I was a fool to believe every word you said.
I was a fool to do that.
I was a fool to ever leave you.
I was a fool to have tried explaining something to you that I don't understand myself.
I was a fool to have trusted Tom.
I was a fool to let you go out of my life.
I was a fool to let you go.
I was a fool to listen to Tom.
I was a fool to listen to her.
I was a fool to listen to him.
I was a fool to say yes.
I was a fool to think Tom would care.
I was a fool to think Tom would really do what he said he'd do.
I was a fool to think we'd be able to finish this today.
I was a fool to trust Tom.
I was a fool to trust her.
I was a fool to trust him.
I was a fool to trust them.
I was a fool to trust you.
I was a fool.
I was a fool. I'm sorry.
I was a forest in a past life.
I was a forest ranger.
I was a forest.
I was a foster child.
I was a foster kid.
I was a free man.
I was a fresher last year.
I was a freshman last year.
I was a girl with rabbit ears, pressed down by her hat, sweatshirt sleeves far too long.
I was a good Catholic boy.
I was a good student.
I was a grave digger for thirty years.
I was a guard.
I was a guest at Tom's house for a week.
I was a happy and successful man, Mr. Holmes, and on the eve of being married, when a sudden and dreadful misfortune wrecked all my prospects in life.
I was a happy man.
I was a healthy child.
I was a hero.
I was a high school student at that time.
I was a huge nerd in high school.
I was a janitor a few years ago.
I was a jerk to her.
I was a kid at that time.
I was a kid then.
I was a late bloomer.
I was a lawyer at that time.
I was a lawyer for thirty years.
I was a lawyer.
I was a little afraid.
I was a little behind in my loan payments.
I was a little bit disappointed.
I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I was a little bit nervous the first time that I had an MRI scan.
I was a little bit nervous.
I was a little bit scared.
I was a little bit surprised.
I was a little brusque with you before.
I was a little disappointed.
I was a little drunk.
I was a little early.
I was a little hurt by what Tom said.
I was a little kid once too.
I was a little late.
I was a little nervous.
I was a little put out by this.
I was a little shocked by what Tom did.
I was a little shocked.
I was a little startled.
I was a little surprised at the question.
I was a little surprised by how well Tom could speak French.
I was a little surprised.
I was a little taken aback.
I was a little thrown.
I was a little tired.
I was a little upset.
I was a little worried.
I was a loner.
I was a lot busier last week.
I was a magician.
I was a maniac.
I was a medic.
I was a member of the soccer club when I was in junior high.
I was a member.
I was a mendicant.
I was a mess.
I was a militant pacifist.
I was a miner for two years.
I was a monk.
I was a nanny.
I was a naughty boy.
I was a nerd in high school.
I was a nerd.
I was a nervous wreck.
I was a nobody back then.
I was a nun.
I was a park ranger for several years.
I was a passenger.
I was a physics professor.
I was a piano teacher for three years.
I was a plumber before I became a teacher.
I was a precocious child.
I was a pretty good clarinetist when I was younger.
I was a prison warden for ten years.
I was a professional musician for a long time.
I was a professional musician.
I was a public servant.
I was a punk.
I was a quiet child.
I was a rebel.
I was a regular in the channel a year or two ago, but have been away from Lojban for a while now.
I was a reporter.
I was a rich man until I got married.
I was a rich man.
I was a rich man... and I got married.
I was a science teacher.
I was a scrawny kid.
I was a second lieutenant in the special forces.
I was a senior in high school.
I was a shy child.
I was a slave to the people, and today I am freeing myself for eternal life.
I was a slob.
I was a smoker.
I was a sniper.
I was a social butterfly.
I was a soldier.
I was a sophomore and had this massive crush on a cute guy who was a couple of grades older than me.
I was a sophomore in college the year Tom and Mary were born.
I was a sophomore in college the year Tom was born.
I was a spy when I was in my thirties.
I was a spy.
I was a star.
I was a stranger in Boston.
I was a stranger.
I was a student at that time.
I was a student back in those days.
I was a student myself once.
I was a student.
I was a sucker for her tears.
I was a teacher for a long time.
I was a teacher for fifteen years.
I was a teacher, too.
I was a teacher.
I was a teenager back then.
I was a teenager in 2013.
I was a telemarketer for about a week.
I was a very calm child.
I was a victim of a pickpocket.
I was a victim of love.
I was a volunteer for two afternoons.
I was a waiter for a few years.
I was a wimp.
I was a witness.
I was a woman in my past life.
I was abandoned by everyone.
I was abashed when my mistakes were pointed out.
I was abducted and impregnated by wolves who landed their flying saucer in my backyard.
I was abducted by aliens.
I was abducted by extraterrestrials.
I was abducted.
I was able to accomplish a lot today.
I was able to admire its body.
I was able to answer all the questions.
I was able to answer the question correctly.
I was able to answer the question.
I was able to borrow enough money to buy what we needed.
I was able to borrow more money from Tom than I'd expected.
I was able to buy a ticket.
I was able to buy everything I wanted at that store.
I was able to buy fresh fish in the market.
I was able to buy two for the price of one.
I was able to catch the last train because I walked very quickly.
I was able to catch the last train.
I was able to convince Tom, but I wasn't able to convince Mary.
I was able to do everything I'd planned on doing.
I was able to do it on my third attempt.
I was able to do it once.
I was able to do it today.
I was able to do it with a little help from Tom.
I was able to do it without Tom's help.
I was able to do it.
I was able to do that better than I expected.
I was able to do that better than I thought I would.
I was able to do that better than I thought I'd be able to.
I was able to do that better this time.
I was able to do that much faster than Tom.
I was able to do that much quicker than Mary.
I was able to do that much quicker than Tom.
I was able to do that on my third try.
I was able to do that this morning.
I was able to do that today.
I was able to do that with a little help from Tom.
I was able to do that without Tom's help.
I was able to do that without any help.
I was able to do that without any problems.
I was able to do that without anybody's help.
I was able to do that without anyone's help.
I was able to do that.
I was able to do whatever I wanted to do.
I was able to do whatever I wanted.
I was able to drive a car.
I was able to easily solve the problem.
I was able to figure out how to do that with a little help from Tom.
I was able to find Tom myself.
I was able to find out his address.
I was able to find the book I was looking for.
I was able to find the street, but I couldn't find her house.
I was able to find the street, but I couldn’t find her house.
I was able to find the words.
I was able to find work in Boston.
I was able to find work.
I was able to finish doing that in three days.
I was able to finish the work earlier than I had expected.
I was able to fix the computer.
I was able to get a job through the good offices of my friend.
I was able to get a teaching job in Australia.
I was able to get a teaching job in Boston.
I was able to get back on my feet thanks to everyone.
I was able to get everything I needed at that store.
I was able to get here in less than an hour today.
I was able to get him to understand.
I was able to get in.
I was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage.
I was able to get out of jury duty.
I was able to get to Boston in three hours.
I was able to get to know him.
I was able to go home.
I was able to go to Australia.
I was able to go to Boston.
I was able to grasp the main points of the speech.
I was able to have this report done in time thanks to a good friend.
I was able to help Tom.
I was able to help her.
I was able to help.
I was able to hit the ball.
I was able to jump across the ditch.
I was able to knit.
I was able to learn a bit of Dutch thanks to the audio samples you've recorded.
I was able to make it out of the woods safely.
I was able to make myself understood in French.
I was able to obtain a personally signed ball.
I was able to pass the exam.
I was able to pass the test.
I was able to persuade Tom to change his mind.
I was able to play piano very well.
I was able to reach a lot of people.
I was able to see him coming through the window.
I was able to see the doctor.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I was able to sell my used car for 100 dollars.
I was able to share my fears with another person.
I was able to sleep for about three hours on the plane.
I was able to sleep on the plane for a few hours.
I was able to sleep well last night.
I was able to solve that problem this morning.
I was able to solve that puzzle easily.
I was able to solve the problem without difficulty.
I was able to solve the problem.
I was able to solve the question this morning.
I was able to solve this problem by myself.
I was able to solve this problem without any help.
I was able to solve this problem.
I was able to spend a few days in Italy. It was wonderful.
I was able to study abroad by virtue of the money.
I was able to succeed because of your advice.
I was able to swim across The English Channel.
I was able to swim across the river.
I was able to swim faster when I was younger.
I was able to swim well when I was a child.
I was able to take a great photo during this morning's walk.
I was able to travel to Kabylie.
I was able to understand your letter with the help of a dictionary.
I was able to visit Australia.
I was able to visit Boston.
I was able to visit several American homes.
I was able to visit several museums.
I was able to win the first prize.
I was about to ask Tom the same.
I was about to ask you the same question.
I was about to ask you the same thing.
I was about to be injured, but I didn't know it.
I was about to be kissed, but I didn't know it.
I was about to be loved.
I was about to be stabbed.
I was about to call him, but then I forgot.
I was about to call you "Mayas".
I was about to call you.
I was about to change it.
I was about to come.
I was about to commit suicide.
I was about to die, but your father saved me.
I was about to do that when the phone rang.
I was about to do that, but something came up and I didn't have a chance to.
I was about to do that.
I was about to do the same.
I was about to get hungry.
I was about to get in the bath when I heard someone knocking on the door.
I was about to give up when suddenly I found a solution.
I was about to give up.
I was about to go home.
I was about to go look for you.
I was about to go out when he called on me.
I was about to go out when he came to see me.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
I was about to go out when the telephone rang.
I was about to go out, when he came to see me.
I was about to go out, when the telephone rang.
I was about to go outside when Tom called.
I was about to go outside when it started raining.
I was about to go shopping, but unfortunately I got a cold.
I was about to go to bed when he called me up.
I was about to go to bed when the phone rang.
I was about to go to bed.
I was about to go to work.
I was about to go too.
I was about to go when he came.
I was about to go, too.
I was about to go.
I was about to have dinner when she called me.
I was about to head out.
I was about to jump over the wall.
I was about to leave for work when the telephone rang.
I was about to leave home when an old friend of mine dropped in.
I was about to leave home when the telephone rang.
I was about to leave my house when she called.
I was about to leave my house when she rang me up.
I was about to leave my house.
I was about to leave the house then.
I was about to leave the restaurant when Tom arrived.
I was about to leave when Mary appeared out of the blue.
I was about to leave when fire broke out in the house.
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.
I was about to leave when the phone rang.
I was about to leave when the telephone rang.
I was about to leave when you came in.
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
I was about to leave without you.
I was about to leave, but Tom came, so I stayed.
I was about to leave.
I was about to lose my mind and I can't afford it.
I was about to marry her.
I was about to reply, when an almost general exclamation made us turn our eyes to the panel.
I was about to reply, when he boldly cut in.
I was about to say something.
I was about to say the same thing.
I was about to seriously freak out.
I was about to start college.
I was about to start.
I was about to suggest the same thing.
I was about to take that.
I was about to tell Tom something when our boss walked in.
I was about to turn the light off.
I was about to walk to school.
I was about your age when I came to Australia.
I was about your age when I came to Boston.
I was abrasive.
I was abroad on a business trip.
I was abroad on an assignment.
I was abroad on vacation.
I was absent because I was ill.
I was absent for a week.
I was absent from school because I had a cold.
I was absent from school because I was ill.
I was absent from school because I was sick.
I was absent from school because of illness.
I was absent from school yesterday.
I was absent from the meeting.
I was absent from the party.
I was absent from work yesterday.
I was absent last Tuesday on account of illness.
I was absent last week because I had a bad cold.
I was absent-minded momentarily.
I was absent.
I was absolutely amazed.
I was absolutely astounded.
I was absolutely flabbergasted.
I was absolutely petrified.
I was absolutely right.
I was absolutely shocked.
I was absolutely stunned.
I was absolutely terrified of that teacher.
I was absolutely terrified.
I was absolved from paying my father's debt.
I was absolved from paying my father’s debt.
I was absorbed in a book and didn't hear you call.
I was absorbed in a book and didn’t hear you call.
I was absorbed in my daily concerns.
I was absorbed in reading a novel.
I was accepted into Harvard.
I was accompanied.
I was accorded permission to use the car.
I was accosted by a complete stranger at the bus stop.
I was accused of always being late.
I was accused of being a spy.
I was accused of causing an accident that left two dead and four injured.
I was accused of eating the boss's lunch.
I was accused of eating the boss’s lunch.
I was accused of stealing sand from a building site, which is not true. I didn't steal anything.
I was accused of theft.
I was accustomed to hard work.
I was accustomed to heat.
I was aching all over.
I was aching for a cigarette.
I was aching from the injury.
I was aching to tell her the secret.
I was aching to tell you all my news.
I was acquitted of all charges.
I was acquitted.
I was acting on instinct.
I was active in politics when I was in the university.
I was active.
I was actively learning Berber.
I was actually born in Algeria.
I was actually born in Australia.
I was actually born in Boston.
I was actually going to do that.
I was actually going to tell you today.
I was actually having a good time.
I was actually kind of serious.
I was actually pretty motivated to learn Berber.
I was actually there.
I was actually thinking of something different.
I was actually very impressed.
I was acutely aware of how very important mathematical education was.
I was admiring her boobs.
I was admiring his new car.
I was admiring the view.
I was admitted to school without having to take an entrance examination.
I was admonished against being late.
I was adopted at birth and have never met my mum. That makes it very difficult to enjoy any lapdance.
I was adopted by Tom.
I was adopted when I was still in diapers.
I was adopted.
I was advised by my doctor to eat slowly.
I was advised not to do anything.
I was advised not to do that.
I was advised to consult you.
I was advised to do that.
I was advised to get in touch with you.
I was advised to stay at home today.
I was advised to stay out of that part of town.
I was advised to study French.
I was advised to visit the museum.
I was advised to wait.
I was affected by the heat.
I was affected by the summer heat.
I was afraid I might be arrested.
I was afraid I might be expelled.
I was afraid I might be fired.
I was afraid I might be killed.
I was afraid I might be late for the bus.
I was afraid I might be late in coming.
I was afraid I might be late.
I was afraid I might be mugged.
I was afraid I might be recognized.
I was afraid I might be too tired to help.
I was afraid I might chicken out.
I was afraid I might drop the vase.
I was afraid I might fall asleep while driving.
I was afraid I might get arrested.
I was afraid I might get expelled.
I was afraid I might get fired.
I was afraid I might get injured.
I was afraid I might get mugged.
I was afraid I might hurt Tom's feelings.
I was afraid I might lose my job.
I was afraid I might make a mistake.
I was afraid I might not be able to do it correctly.
I was afraid I should be late.
I was afraid I was going to lose you.
I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to find my way out of the cave.
I was afraid I wouldn't get here in time.
I was afraid I wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting you.
I was afraid I wouldn't make it in time.
I was afraid I wouldn't make it to see her alive.
I was afraid I'd be late.
I was afraid I'd fall asleep at the wheel.
I was afraid I'd look stupid.
I was afraid I'd lose you.
I was afraid I'd never see her again.
I was afraid I'd never see him again.
I was afraid I'd never see you again.
I was afraid I'd see him coming at any moment.
I was afraid I’d be late.
I was afraid Mary might not do what she was supposed to do.
I was afraid Tom and Mary might not do what they were supposed to do.
I was afraid Tom might do that.
I was afraid Tom might get hurt.
I was afraid Tom might not do what he was supposed to do.
I was afraid Tom would kill me.
I was afraid Tom would laugh at me.
I was afraid Tom wouldn't understand.
I was afraid because it was very dark.
I was afraid he might die.
I was afraid it would not work out well and sure enough it failed.
I was afraid my wife was gonna find out.
I was afraid of Tom.
I was afraid of being hurt again.
I was afraid of being judged and discriminated.
I was afraid of being late.
I was afraid of being put into a closet.
I was afraid of catching a cold.
I was afraid of getting lost in the dark.
I was afraid of her having been punished.
I was afraid of hurting her feelings.
I was afraid of it.
I was afraid of looking stupid.
I was afraid of losing my job.
I was afraid of losing you.
I was afraid of making the first move.
I was afraid of my father.
I was afraid of saying something stupid, so I kept quiet.
I was afraid of snakes when I was a kid.
I was afraid of that.
I was afraid of what I might see, so I didn't look.
I was afraid of what I was about to see.
I was afraid of what could happen.
I was afraid of what might happen.
I was afraid of what people would think.
I was afraid people might laugh at me.
I was afraid she had the mumps.
I was afraid someone would fall and break a leg.
I was afraid something like that would happen.
I was afraid something like this would happen.
I was afraid that I might be arrested.
I was afraid that I might be expelled.
I was afraid that I might be fired.
I was afraid that I might be killed.
I was afraid that I might be late for the bus.
I was afraid that I might be late.
I was afraid that I might be mugged.
I was afraid that I might be recognized.
I was afraid that I might be too tired to help.
I was afraid that I might chicken out.
I was afraid that I might drop the vase.
I was afraid that I might fall asleep while driving.
I was afraid that I might get arrested.
I was afraid that I might get expelled.
I was afraid that I might get fired.
I was afraid that I might get injured.
I was afraid that I might get mugged.
I was afraid that I might hurt Tom's feelings.
I was afraid that I might hurt his feelings.
I was afraid that I might lose my job.
I was afraid that I might make a mistake.
I was afraid that I might not be able to do it correctly.
I was afraid that I was going to lose you.
I was afraid that I wasn't going to be able to find my way out of the cave.
I was afraid that I'd be late.
I was afraid that I'd lose you.
I was afraid that I'd never see you again.
I was afraid that Tom might do that.
I was afraid that Tom might get hurt.
I was afraid that Tom might not do what he was supposed to do.
I was afraid that Tom would kill me.
I was afraid that Tom wouldn't come.
I was afraid that Tom wouldn't understand.
I was afraid that it might hurt her feelings.
I was afraid that might happen.
I was afraid that something like that would happen.
I was afraid that something like this might happen.
I was afraid that you had failed.
I was afraid that you were engaged.
I was afraid that you were going to say that.
I was afraid that you wouldn't like that.
I was afraid that you wouldn't make it.
I was afraid that you wouldn't remember me.
I was afraid that you wouldn't understand.
I was afraid that you'd ask that.
I was afraid that you'd say that.
I was afraid the fire might go out.
I was afraid they would kill me.
I was afraid this might happen.
I was afraid this would happen.
I was afraid to ask her out.
I was afraid to be alone.
I was afraid to check.
I was afraid to do anything.
I was afraid to do that alone.
I was afraid to do that by myself.
I was afraid to do that.
I was afraid to drink the drink that Tom made for me.
I was afraid to even think about the spider that ran under the bed.
I was afraid to even try to do that.
I was afraid to go into the cave.
I was afraid to go near Tom's dog because I was afraid it would bite me.
I was afraid to go there by myself.
I was afraid to go there.
I was afraid to kiss Tom.
I was afraid to laugh.
I was afraid to leave Tom alone.
I was afraid to lose you.
I was afraid to make the first move.
I was afraid to move.
I was afraid to say anything.
I was afraid to say no.
I was afraid to speak French.
I was afraid to speak.
I was afraid to spend Christmas in the hospital.
I was afraid to talk to him in Berber.
I was afraid to talk.
I was afraid to tell you.
I was afraid to turn around.
I was afraid you were going to say that.
I was afraid you would leave me.
I was afraid you wouldn't like that.
I was afraid you wouldn't make it.
I was afraid you wouldn't remember me.
I was afraid you wouldn't understand.
I was afraid you'd ask that.
I was afraid you'd failed.
I was afraid you'd say something like that.
I was afraid you'd say that.
I was afraid.
I was again continually so busy with Tatoeba that I almost became dehydrated.
I was aggressive.
I was agitated and confused.
I was agreeably surprised by the low prices.
I was agreeably surprised.
I was aided by a dear friend.
I was airlifted.
I was alarmed.
I was alive.
I was all alone after that.
I was all alone in Boston.
I was all alone in the park.
I was all alone with Tom.
I was all alone.
I was all but dead at that time.
I was all by my lonesome.
I was all by myself in the classroom.
I was all by myself.
I was all dirty, messy and with a long beard.
I was all ears.
I was all out of options.
I was all ready to do it.
I was all ready to leave.
I was all right.
I was all set to leave.
I was all sweaty.
I was all the more angry because I was laughed at by him.
I was all the more disappointed because of my expectations.
I was all the more worried for her silence.
I was all wet.
I was all worn out.
I was all wrong.
I was allowed to do that.
I was allowed to go off by myself provided that I promised to be careful.
I was allowed to go there on condition that I came back by five o'clock.
I was allowed to go there on condition that I came back by five o’clock.
I was allowed to go with them.
I was allowed to speak French.
I was allowed to take a week off.
I was almost able to do that.
I was almost afraid to talk to you.
I was almost always at the top of the class.
I was almost arrested.
I was almost as surprised as Tom was.
I was almost as surprised as Tom.
I was almost asleep when the phone rang.
I was almost asleep.
I was almost at my wits' end about how to act.
I was almost at my wits’ end how to act.
I was almost caught.
I was almost certain that you'd say something like that.
I was almost certain you'd say something like that.
I was almost crying for Kylie Minogue.
I was almost deceived by a certain trader's sweet words into making a huge loss.
I was almost deceived by a certain trader’s sweet words into making a huge loss.
I was almost dying in the airport while you were racing between gift shops.
I was almost eaten by wolves.
I was almost expelled.
I was almost hit by a car.
I was almost hit by a lorry.
I was almost hit by a truck.
I was almost home when the car ran out of gas.
I was almost in tears.
I was almost killed by Tom.
I was almost killed.
I was almost late for class.
I was almost late for school this morning.
I was almost late.
I was almost murdered.
I was almost naked.
I was almost paralyzed with fear.
I was almost persuaded to do that.
I was almost poisoned.
I was almost ready to give up.
I was almost right.
I was almost run over by a car today.
I was almost run over by a car.
I was almost run over by a lorry.
I was almost run over by a truck.
I was almost strangled.
I was almost sure that was the answer.
I was almost sure that you'd say something like that.
I was almost sure you'd say something like that.
I was almost tempted to do it.
I was almost there.
I was almost too late.
I was almost tricked.
I was alone a long time.
I was alone at home that night.
I was alone at home.
I was alone at that time.
I was alone at the time.
I was alone in my quarters.
I was alone in my room.
I was alone in the car.
I was alone in the class.
I was alone in the classroom.
I was alone in the elevator.
I was alone in the house.
I was alone in the kitchen.
I was alone in the lab.
I was alone in the woods.
I was alone that night, making noises to trick you, that's all!
I was alone the whole day.
I was alone there all night.
I was alone there.
I was alone till yesterday.
I was alone with Tom for most of the day.
I was alone with Tom.
I was alone, studying.
I was alone.
I was already an adult when I met Tom.
I was already asleep.
I was already awake when you phoned.
I was already awake when you rang.
I was already awake.
I was already busy planning my vacation.
I was already committed.
I was already convinced.
I was already employed at a restaurant.
I was already in bed when the telephone rang.
I was already leaving.
I was already liking Duolingo.
I was already married at your age.
I was already missing you.
I was already pretty drunk.
I was already thinking you would not come.
I was already tired before we even started doing this.
I was already tired.
I was already wide awake.
I was alright.
I was also afraid at first.
I was also born on that day.
I was also hit 2 times.
I was also hit twice.
I was also impressed by Tom.
I was also impressed with the school's cleanliness and the students' pride in it.
I was also impressed with the school’s cleanliness and the students’ pride in it.
I was also invited.
I was also not a bad mother.
I was also offended.
I was also on that plane.
I was also there.
I was always a loner by nature.
I was always a loner.
I was always against it.
I was always at the top of my class.
I was always busy back then.
I was always different.
I was always dubious.
I was always fascinated by his research.
I was always frank with you.
I was always getting into fights.
I was always good at English.
I was always good at math.
I was always good at maths.
I was always heavily repulsed by the mere sight of children, they have always been repulsive to me.
I was always honest with you, but you never tried to be honest with me.
I was always hopeless at wrapping presents.
I was always interested in Berber.
I was always interested in art.
I was always into Berber-language music.
I was always just a toy for you to have fun with.
I was always late.
I was always my own worst enemy.
I was always pissed off.
I was always playing games.
I was always proud of my mother.
I was always rubbish at wrapping presents.
I was always terrified.
I was always the fastest.
I was always the first to leave.
I was always the kid who wore her coat, hat, gloves and scarf–if anything, I was often overdressed.
I was always told to study when I was a child.
I was always too busy with my family to gallivant around.
I was always very close to Sami.
I was always very close to Tom.
I was always wondering, but why do you talk like that?
I was amazed at Tom's endurance.
I was amazed at Tom's fluency in French.
I was amazed at his abrupt resignation.
I was amazed at his carelessness.
I was amazed at his courage.
I was amazed at the audacity of the student to ask the lecturer such a personal question.
I was amazed at the boy's intelligence.
I was amazed at the boy’s intelligence.
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French.
I was amazed at the results.
I was amazed at the speed of the car.
I was amazed at the unexpected result.
I was amazed by her quick response.
I was amazed by what I saw.
I was amazed that she had drunk all of the wine.
I was amazed to learn I had won.
I was amazed to learn I'd won.
I was amazed to learn about such a way of life.
I was amazed to learn that fewer and fewer young people can write in cursive.
I was amazed.
I was amused at the story.
I was amused.
I was an English major.
I was an MC.
I was an accountant before I became a teacher.
I was an actor.
I was an addict.
I was an angel of an actress.
I was an angry kid.
I was an architect before you were born.
I was an art major in college at that time.
I was an honest man until 1985.
I was an honest politician.
I was an idealist.
I was an idiot to believe Tom.
I was an idiot to believe her.
I was an idiot to believe him.
I was an idiot to believe them.
I was an idiot to believe you.
I was an idiot to lend Tom money.
I was an idiot to lend money to Tom.
I was an idiot.
I was an inmate.
I was an obedient child.
I was an outcast.
I was an outsider, so to speak.
I was an outsider.
I was angrier.
I was angry about missing that film at the cinema.
I was angry and bewildered.
I was angry and confused.
I was angry at myself.
I was angry at you.
I was angry because he came late.
I was angry because he was late.
I was angry because she was late.
I was angry before, but not anymore.
I was angry that I had been fooled.
I was angry that she had deceived my children.
I was angry to find the door locked.
I was angry when I met him.
I was angry with Skura.
I was angry with Tom.
I was angry with my colleagues.
I was angry with myself for making so many mistakes.
I was angry with you then.
I was angry.
I was angry: I began to go crazy!
I was annoyed at his behavior.
I was annoyed by Tom's constant interruptions.
I was annoyed by Tom's interruptions.
I was annoyed by Tom's rudeness.
I was annoyed by that noise.
I was annoyed by the constant dripping of the faucet.
I was annoyed by the loud noise.
I was annoyed by the loud noises.
I was annoyed by the noise.
I was annoyed by the smell of rotting fish.
I was annoyed by the smell.
I was annoyed by the sounds of traffic.
I was annoyed that she was still asleep.
I was annoyed with Tom for interrupting me.
I was annoyed with him for being so late.
I was annoyed with him for his interruptions.
I was annoyed with him for interrupting me.
I was annoyed with him for keeping me waiting.
I was annoyed with the boy for being lazy.
I was annoyed.
I was anticipating a feeling of immense, deep calm.
I was anxious about going on this trip.
I was anxious for a new word processor.
I was anxious for her safety.
I was anxious for his success.
I was anxious that she accept my offer.
I was anxious to get hold of John, but he was nowhere to be seen.
I was anxious to read your letter from Paris.
I was anxious.
I was appalled at the sight.
I was appalled by her lack of good manners.
I was appalled by the traffic in Bangkok, but travellers told me Taipei was worse.
I was applauding.
I was appointed as section chief.
I was appointed chairman.
I was appointed chairperson.
I was appointed section chief.
I was appointed to section chief.
I was apprehended in the village.
I was apt to write novels.
I was around eighty feet from the tree.
I was around.
I was arrested and extradited to Australia.
I was arrested and handcuffed.
I was arrested and spent the night in jail.
I was arrested because I helped him escape.
I was arrested for aiding in his escape.
I was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon.
I was arrested for doing that.
I was arrested for shoplifting.
I was arrested for theft.
I was arrested immediately.
I was arrested in Australia.
I was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
I was arrested in Boston.
I was arrested in the village.
I was arrested last week.
I was arrested on the spot.
I was arrested soon after that.
I was arrested three times while I was in Australia.
I was arrested, too.
I was arrested.
I was as confused as a fart in a fan factory.
I was as cool as a cucumber.
I was as happy as could be.
I was as sick as a dog after eating a hamburger from a fast food restaurant yesterday.
I was as sick as a dog.
I was as sober as a judge.
I was as surprised as Tom and Mary were.
I was as surprised as Tom was.
I was as surprised as anybody.
I was as surprised as you were.
I was as surprised as you.
I was as surprised by Tom's arrest as you were.
I was as surprised by Tom's death as you were.
I was as surprised by Tom's refusal as you were.
I was ashamed of having said so.
I was ashamed of my behavior.
I was ashamed of my brother.
I was ashamed of showing my face to him.
I was ashamed of what I had done to my benefactor.
I was ashamed of what I'd done to my benefactor.
I was ashamed to go out in old clothes.
I was ashamed.
I was asked a question I couldn't answer.
I was asked a question in my turn.
I was asked at the border to show my passport.
I was asked by my uncle what I intended to be when I graduated from college.
I was asked by the boss to do that today.
I was asked for my passport at the border.
I was asked for my personal opinion about the matter.
I was asked here by Tom.
I was asked how I was.
I was asked if I could do that.
I was asked if I thought it would be a good idea to do that.
I was asked if I was doing well.
I was asked if Tom could speak French.
I was asked my opinion.
I was asked not to do that again.
I was asked not to do that anymore.
I was asked not to do that.
I was asked questions about Tom.
I was asked to appear before the court as a witness.
I was asked to be quiet.
I was asked to buy some cakes on the way home from the office.
I was asked to come here.
I was asked to cooperate with them for the criminal investigation.
I was asked to deliver this.
I was asked to do some things I didn't want to do.
I was asked to do some things that I didn't want to do.
I was asked to do something I didn't want to do.
I was asked to do something that I didn't want to do.
I was asked to do that again.
I was asked to do that.
I was asked to do this.
I was asked to fix the bicycle.
I was asked to give a lecture on astronomy.
I was asked to give you a message.
I was asked to help Tom.
I was asked to identify the body.
I was asked to leave the classroom.
I was asked to leave.
I was asked to lie.
I was asked to look into the matter.
I was asked to make a few remarks on energy conservation.
I was asked to open the gate.
I was asked to put away all the papers we used at the meeting.
I was asked to rewrite the report.
I was asked to show my passport at the border.
I was asked to show proof of identity.
I was asked to sit on the platform with the speakers.
I was asked to speak in French.
I was asked to umpire the game.
I was asked to wait here.
I was asked to wear a wire.
I was asked whether I could do that.
I was asked whether I thought it would be a good idea to do that.
I was asked whether I wanted to do that.
I was asked, "You OK, kid?". I replied, "Fine."
I was asked.
I was asleep at 10 p.m.
I was asleep by the time Tom got home.
I was asleep from one to four this afternoon.
I was asleep in my bedroom at that time.
I was asleep in no time.
I was asleep until I woke up.
I was asleep when Mark arrived.
I was asleep when Tom dropped by.
I was asleep, then I woke up.
I was asleep.
I was assailed by the stupid, but unshakeable, idea that if I was imprudent enough to move my hand I'd be noticed.
I was assailed by the stupid, but unshakeable, idea that if I was imprudent enough to move my hand I’d be noticed.
I was assaulted.
I was assigned to deal with the matter.
I was assigned to paint an office in our company.
I was astonished at sight of him.
I was astonished at the news.
I was astonished by her performance. It was really astonishing.
I was astonished by his ignorance.
I was astonished by how brief her response was.
I was astonished by the clarity of the picture.
I was astonished by what I learned.
I was astonished that she had done it.
I was astonished to hear that Tom failed.
I was astonished to hear that he failed.
I was astonished to hear what had happened.
I was astonished.
I was astounded by the news that Mary won the first prize.
I was astounded that she can speak 10 languages.
I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
I was astounded.
I was at Chuck's Diner.
I was at Harvard the same time Tom and Mary were.
I was at Harvard the same time Tom was.
I was at Harvard the same time you were.
I was at Kyoto once.
I was at Kyoto train station to say goodbye to my father.
I was at Rima's house.
I was at Tom's all last week.
I was at Tom's birthday party.
I was at Tom's concert.
I was at Tom's for a long time.
I was at Tom's funeral.
I was at Tom's house. Where were you?
I was at Tom's party last weekend.
I was at Tom's party.
I was at Tom's place yesterday.
I was at Tom's yesterday afternoon.
I was at Tom's yesterday.
I was at Tom's.
I was at a Halloween party for a few hours.
I was at a Halloween party.
I was at a conference last week.
I was at a friend's house.
I was at a friend's place.
I was at a job interview.
I was at a loss as to how I could lay my hands on the money.
I was at a loss as to what to do.
I was at a loss as to what to say.
I was at a loss for an answer.
I was at a loss for words.
I was at a loss how to answer his unexpected question.
I was at a loss what to do next.
I was at a loss what to do on that occasion.
I was at a loss what to do.
I was at a loss what to say next.
I was at a loss what to say.
I was at a loss when I lost my house key.
I was at a movie theater.
I was at a musical recently, in the third row. Seeing the actor I love up close like that made me feel more smitten with him than ever.
I was at a party with some friends when I met Tom.
I was at a party.
I was at ease after all the exams were over.
I was at her house yesterday morning and had breakfast with her.
I was at her place.
I was at high school.
I was at his gaff yesterday.
I was at his house yesterday.
I was at his place yesterday.
I was at home all day today.
I was at home all day yesterday.
I was at home all day.
I was at home all night.
I was at home all summer.
I was at home almost all day yesterday.
I was at home almost all day.
I was at home alone.
I was at home asleep.
I was at home by myself all day.
I was at home by myself.
I was at home for almost the whole day.
I was at home last night.
I was at home most of the day yesterday.
I was at home most of the day.
I was at home the night of the fire.
I was at home the whole time.
I was at home then.
I was at home until noon yesterday.
I was at home when it happened.
I was at home with my wife and kids.
I was at home yesterday.
I was at home, drinking tea. It was nighttime.
I was at home.
I was at least three meters from Tom, but I could still smell him.
I was at my best after a good sleep.
I was at my best this morning.
I was at my best.
I was at my friend's house for dinner to celebrate his daughter's birthday.
I was at my parents' for a week again recently.
I was at my parents' house.
I was at my parents'.
I was at my wit's end after having failed to contact her.
I was at my wit's end as to how to act.
I was at my wit's end when I heard the news.
I was at my wit's end.
I was at my wit’s end after having failed to contact her.
I was at my wit’s end as to how to act.
I was at my wit’s end when I heard the news.
I was at my wit’s end.
I was at one of my classmates'.
I was at school when you called me.
I was at school.
I was at sea as to what to do.
I was at that meeting.
I was at the baker's.
I was at the cinema.
I was at the dentist's today and Tom was there too.
I was at the doctor's.
I was at the front of the line.
I was at the game.
I was at the gym.
I was at the hospital a couple of days ago.
I was at the hospital before you came.
I was at the hospital with Tom when he died.
I was at the hospital.
I was at the laundry.
I was at the library.
I was at the metal scrap yard with Tom.
I was at the movie theater.
I was at the movies with my brother.
I was at the party.
I was at the pool.
I was at the poolside.
I was at the reception.
I was at the right place at the right time.
I was at the scene when you had your accident.
I was at the sports complex.
I was at the station.
I was at the supermarket.
I was at the theater.
I was at the theatre.
I was at the top of the hill.
I was at the trail head.
I was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
I was at university with Tom.
I was at work alone.
I was at work.
I was at your place.
I was at your wedding.
I was attacked and robbed on my way home.
I was attacked by a homeless man on the streets.
I was attacked in broad daylight.
I was attacked in my sleep by a kitten.
I was attacked.
I was attracted to that teacher.
I was attracted to the girl.
I was attracted to the idea of helping others and getting money.
I was available.
I was awaiting a calf. God sent a kid.
I was awake all night.
I was awake early today.
I was awake most of last night.
I was awake the whole time.
I was awake, and in a moment I was up.
I was awake.
I was awakened at five o'clock.
I was awakened by a voice repeating my name.
I was awakened by the smell of coffee.
I was awarded an honor prize.
I was aware of being watched.
I was aware of everything that was going on.
I was aware of its dangers.
I was aware of my responsibilities.
I was aware of that fact.
I was aware of that.
I was aware of the danger.
I was aware of the situation.
I was aware of the trick in this magic.
I was aware that I was being followed.
I was aware that I was being watched.
I was aware that Tom was cheating.
I was aware that she got engaged.
I was aware they would interrogate me.
I was away all week.
I was away for a few years.
I was away for a week.
I was away for a while.
I was away for a year.
I was away for five minutes.
I was away from home all through the summer vacation.
I was away on vacation.
I was away.
I was awfully confused by his question.
I was awoken by a phone call.
I was awoken by the squawk of a tiny radio.
I was back after a night out with friends.
I was back in Algiers during the summer break.
I was backpacking.
I was bad at English.
I was bad.
I was badly beaten.
I was badly burned.
I was badly hurt.
I was badly in need of his help at that time.
I was badly injured.
I was badly wounded.
I was baffled.
I was baking a cake.
I was banking on him to help me.
I was banned from that forum.
I was banned.
I was baptized in the Catholic Church.
I was baptized in the village.
I was barefoot.
I was barely able to get him out.
I was barely able to work.
I was basically ostracized.
I was bawling.
I was beat up.
I was beaten by Tom.
I was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work.
I was beaten up by a gang.
I was beaten while I was in prison.
I was beaten.
I was beating about the bush.
I was beautiful once.
I was beautiful.
I was beginning to feel frustrated.
I was beginning to feel nervous.
I was beginning to have my doubts.
I was beginning to lose my cool.
I was beginning to seriously freak out.
I was beginning to think that you'd never come back.
I was beginning to think you'd never come back.
I was beginning to worry about you.
I was beginning to worry.
I was beheaded.
I was behind a computer screen.
I was behind the prank.
I was behind the wheel.
I was being arrested.
I was being chased by an angry mob.
I was being driven to my house.
I was being eaten alive by mosquitos.
I was being facetious.
I was being followed.
I was being forced to do that.
I was being generous.
I was being hunted by a bear.
I was being ironic.
I was being lied to.
I was being made a fool of.
I was being paid to say that.
I was being polite.
I was being sarcastic.
I was being selfish.
I was being serious.
I was being so nasty to her.
I was being stubborn.
I was being taught to cheat.
I was being truthful.
I was beside myself when I heard the news of my father's sudden death.
I was beside myself when I heard the news of my father’s sudden death.
I was beside myself with his sudden appearance.
I was beside myself with jealousy when my youngest sister rose in the world.
I was beside myself with joy when I heard the news.
I was beside myself with joy.
I was beside myself.
I was betrayed and treated barbarically.
I was betrayed by Tom.
I was betrayed.
I was between the devil and the deep blue sea.
I was bewildered at the sight of his strange behavior.
I was bewildered by his behavior in the restaurant.
I was bewildered.
I was beyond livid at his effrontery.
I was biased.
I was bidden to stay behind.
I was big in Japan.
I was bit by a mosquito.
I was biting my nails, worrying about you.
I was bitten by Tom's dog.
I was bitten by a dog last week.
I was bitten by a dog.
I was bitten by a dragonfly.
I was bitten by a gnat.
I was bitten by a lot of insects in the forest.
I was bitten by a monkey.
I was bitten by a moray eel.
I was bitten by a mosquito.
I was bitten by a pesky midge during our camping trip.
I was bitten by a snake.
I was bitten by a spider.
I was bitten by a zombie.
I was bitten by an ant.
I was bitten by mosquitoes all over my arms.
I was bitten by your child.
I was bitten in the leg by that dog.
I was bitten on the foot by a dog.
I was bitten on the leg by a dog.
I was bitten.
I was bitterly disappointed.
I was blacklisted.
I was blackmailed by Tom.
I was bleeding a lot.
I was bleeding because he hit me in the head with a rock.
I was bleeding.
I was blessed to discover Islam and accept it.
I was blessed with unexpected fortune.
I was blind, thinking it was love, not profit.
I was blinded by the bright light.
I was blinded by the bright sun.
I was blinded by the light.
I was blinded by the low sun, and couldn't recognise who it was coming towards me.
I was blinded by the low sun, so I couldn't see who it was coming towards me.
I was blinded by the sun low in the sky, so I couldn't see who it was coming towards me.
I was blinded by your beauty. Now, I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I was blindfolded and put in the back of a car.
I was blindfolded, so I couldn't see anything.
I was blindfolded.
I was blindly following some other idiot then. In hindsight, it's pretty dumb.
I was blindsided by his reaction.
I was blinking.
I was blown away by the quality of the steak at Adriano's.
I was blown away.
I was bluffing.
I was bored and I fell asleep.
I was bored and lonely.
I was bored as can be.
I was bored because I had seen the movie before.
I was bored because I'd seen the movie before.
I was bored of sitting between four walls.
I was bored the entire time.
I was bored the whole time.
I was bored to death.
I was bored with his endless sermon.
I was bored with his old jokes.
I was bored with his speech.
I was bored with the monotony of daily life.
I was bored, so I fell asleep.
I was bored, so I left.
I was bored, so I wandered around town.
I was bored.
I was boring.
I was born 20 years ago.
I was born 82 years ago.
I was born Algerian.
I was born January 22, 1993.
I was born Muslim.
I was born October 10th, 1972.
I was born October 20, 2013.
I was born a long time ago.
I was born a year later.
I was born after the war.
I was born and bred in Britain.
I was born and brought up here.
I was born and brought up in Australia.
I was born and brought up in Boston.
I was born and brought up in England.
I was born and brought up in Ireland.
I was born and brought up in Matsuyama.
I was born and brought up in Northern Ireland.
I was born and brought up in Scotland.
I was born and brought up in Tokyo.
I was born and brought up in Wales.
I was born and educated in Tokyo.
I was born and grew up in Algeria.
I was born and grew up in Matsuyama.
I was born and raised here in Kabylie.
I was born and raised here.
I was born and raised in Algeria.
I was born and raised in Algiers.
I was born and raised in Australia.
I was born and raised in Boston.
I was born and raised in England.
I was born and raised in Japan.
I was born and raised in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was born and raised in Kabylie, but I moved to Algiers when I was twenty.
I was born and raised in Lojbanistan, so my native language has been Lojban, but I immigrated with my family to Blueberryland, so my adopted language has been Interlingua.
I was born and raised in Matsuyama.
I was born and raised in Medellín, Colombia, and still live there.
I was born and raised in Moscow.
I was born and raised in Northern Ireland.
I was born and raised in Palestine, and I would like to die and be buried here, too.
I was born and raised in Palestine, and it's where I'd like to die and be buried.
I was born and raised in Russia.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
I was born and raised in a Muslim background.
I was born and raised in a small town not far from Boston.
I was born and raised in a small town, surrounded by close-knit family and friends.
I was born and raised in a small village not far from here.
I was born and raised in a small village.
I was born and raised in the Boston area.
I was born and raised in the country.
I was born and raised right here.
I was born at 2:30 a.m. on October 20, 2013.
I was born at a very young age.
I was born at home in the village.
I was born before you.
I was born blind.
I was born deaf.
I was born during the Cold War.
I was born during the Showa era.
I was born early.
I was born exactly 13 months after my grandmother passed away.
I was born forty years ago.
I was born here and I've lived here all my life.
I was born here in Australia.
I was born here in Boston.
I was born here to Algerian parents.
I was born here.
I was born in 1933.
I was born in 1952.
I was born in 1960.
I was born in 1972.
I was born in 1975 in Mandra into a large family.
I was born in 1977 in Osaka.
I was born in 1977 in the city of Osaka.
I was born in 1979.
I was born in 1980.
I was born in 1982 in Athens, where I still live today.
I was born in 1982.
I was born in 1988 in New York.
I was born in 1988 in York.
I was born in 1988.
I was born in 1995 in Boston.
I was born in 2013 in Australia.
I was born in 2013 in Boston, where I still live today.
I was born in 2013 in Boston.
I was born in 2013.
I was born in Aksu.
I was born in Algeria and I want to die here.
I was born in Algeria but grew up mostly in Germany.
I was born in Algeria. I love Algeria.
I was born in Algiers, in Bab-el-Oued.
I was born in Algiers.
I was born in America.
I was born in Argentina, but I was educated in Brazil.
I was born in Asmara.
I was born in Atlantis.
I was born in Australia in 2013.
I was born in Australia, but I grew up in New Zealand.
I was born in Australia, but I was brought up in New Zealand.
I was born in Australia, but grew up in New Zealand.
I was born in Australia, but was brought up in New Zealand.
I was born in Australia.
I was born in Baoshan District.
I was born in Barcelona on March 23, 1969.
I was born in Bejaia, Algeria, to a conservative family.
I was born in Bejaia, Algeria.
I was born in Bejaia, in Algeria.
I was born in Bolingbroke, Nova Scotia.
I was born in Boston and grew up here.
I was born in Boston and grew up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston and was educated there.
I was born in Boston but moved to Chicago with my parents when I was thirteen.
I was born in Boston in 1995.
I was born in Boston in 2013.
I was born in Boston on October 20, 2013.
I was born in Boston, but I grew up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston, but I live in Chicago.
I was born in Boston, but I moved to Chicago after I graduated from college.
I was born in Boston, but I was brought up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston, but I've lived in Chicago most of my life.
I was born in Boston, but I've lived most of my life in Chicago.
I was born in Boston, but grew up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston, but was brought up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston.
I was born in Bratislava.
I was born in Brazil.
I was born in China.
I was born in Echternach.
I was born in Egypt.
I was born in Finland.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I was born in Israel in 1956 and I was indoctrinated into the Zionist discourse.
I was born in Israel in 2002.
I was born in Israel in the year 2002.
I was born in Israel.
I was born in Italy, therefore I am very handsome.
I was born in January and he was born in August of the same year.
I was born in July.
I was born in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was born in Kazakhstan.
I was born in Korea.
I was born in Kyoto in 1980.
I was born in Kyoto.
I was born in Matsuyama and was educated there.
I was born in May.
I was born in Mexico and grew up in California.
I was born in Mexico on a beautiful day in May.
I was born in Moscow.
I was born in November.
I was born in October.
I was born in Osaka in 1977.
I was born in Osaka in the year 1977.
I was born in Osaka on March 5, 1977.
I was born in Osaka, but I grew up in Tokyo.
I was born in Osaka, but I was brought up in Tokyo.
I was born in Osaka, but brought up in Tokyo.
I was born in Osaka, but was brought up in Tokyo.
I was born in Osaka.
I was born in Prague, like my sister.
I was born in Prague.
I was born in Riga.
I was born in Russia.
I was born in San Francisco.
I was born in Scotland.
I was born in Shanghai.
I was born in Switzerland.
I was born in São Paulo. I am Paulista.
I was born in Tel-Aviv.
I was born in Tokyo in 1968.
I was born in Tokyo on the eighth of January in 1950.
I was born in Tokyo.
I was born in Transylvania.
I was born in Trondheim and there I grew up.
I was born in Wallachia in Pitești.
I was born in Yokohama.
I was born in Zhejiang.
I was born in a Muslim-majority country.
I was born in a barn.
I was born in a big hospital.
I was born in a bomb shelter.
I was born in a car.
I was born in a city.
I was born in a country that would seem strange to you.
I was born in a mountainous area.
I was born in a refugee camp.
I was born in a small hospital.
I was born in a small town about three hundred miles from here.
I was born in a small town called Nara.
I was born in a small town in Algeria.
I was born in a small town not too far from here.
I was born in a small town.
I was born in a small village.
I was born in a spaceship.
I was born in a taxi.
I was born in a village.
I was born in a world you may not understand.
I was born in my mother’s second marriage.
I was born in nineteen fifty-two.
I was born in nineteen seventy-seven.
I was born in nineteen seventy-two.
I was born in nineteen thirty-three.
I was born in space.
I was born in strange circumstances.
I was born in that hospital.
I was born in that house.
I was born in the Boston and grew up in Chicago.
I was born in the Netherlands but grew up in Belgium.
I was born in the Soviet Union.
I was born in the U.S.S.R.
I was born in the United Kingdom and I was educated in the USA.
I was born in the coldest time of winter, right in the middle of winter, everything back then was freezing cold.
I was born in the former GDR.
I was born in the inland, in an unremarkable town.
I was born in the middle of the sea.
I was born in the month of October.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
I was born in the same house as my grandfather was.
I was born in the same house as my grandfather.
I was born in the south myself.
I was born in the thirties.
I was born in the town of Aubagne, beneath the goat-crowned Garlaban, in the days of the last goatherds.
I was born in the village.
I was born in the winter.
I was born in the wrong generation.
I was born in the wrong penetration.
I was born in the wrong time period.
I was born in the year 1977.
I was born in the year nineteen hundred and seventy-two.
I was born in the year that Grandfather died.
I was born in these parts.
I was born in this area.
I was born in this cabin.
I was born in this country.
I was born in this county.
I was born in this home.
I was born in this hospital.
I was born in this house.
I was born in this town sixty years ago.
I was born in this town.
I was born in this valley.
I was born in winter.
I was born inside what you call ‘Oumuamua.
I was born into a deadly cult!
I was born into a poor family.
I was born into a wealthy family.
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism.
I was born just a few minutes before my brother Dan.
I was born late.
I was born like this.
I was born lucky.
I was born near Boston.
I was born near that store.
I was born on 18th March 1994.
I was born on 22 November 1948.
I was born on 23 March 1969 in Barcelona.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
I was born on Atlantis.
I was born on Earth.
I was born on February 13, 1987.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
I was born on Halloween.
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
I was born on January 22, 1933.
I was born on July 14, 1982 in Serres, but I grew up and completed my primary and secondary education in Thessaloniki.
I was born on June 4, 1974.
I was born on March 18, 1994.
I was born on March 18th 1994.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
I was born on March 3rd, 1996 in Marseille, France.
I was born on March 5, 1977 in Osaka.
I was born on March twenty-second.
I was born on Mars.
I was born on October 10, 1972.
I was born on October 10th, 1972.
I was born on October 20, 2013 in Boston.
I was born on October 20, 2013.
I was born on Park Avenue, with a silver spoon in my mouth.
I was born on a Monday.
I was born on a Sunday in January, and my mother was born and died in January. My granddaughter, a brother, two uncles, a great doctor from Sergipe, and friends and colleagues were also born in January. On January 17th, I started working at Banco do Brasil. Therefore, this month is special for me.
I was born on a farm.
I was born on a pirate ship.
I was born on a ship.
I was born on a small island.
I was born on an ill-fated day.
I was born on that day, too.
I was born on the 18th of March 1994.
I was born on the 22 of November 1948.
I was born on the 22nd day of January in the year 1993.
I was born on the 31st of May in 1940.
I was born on the day of my birthday.
I was born on the moon.
I was born on the same day that Tom was.
I was born on the twentieth of October in 2013.
I was born on the twentieth of October, 2013.
I was born on the twenty-ninth of February.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
I was born on the twenty-second of November, nineteen forty-eight.
I was born physically crippled and use a wheelchair.
I was born poor, but I became rich.
I was born poor.
I was born prematurely.
I was born ready.
I was born rich.
I was born six thousand years ago.
I was born that way.
I was born the same day Tom was born.
I was born the same day as Tom.
I was born the same day as my dog.
I was born the year my grandfather died.
I was born the year that my grandfather died.
I was born the year the war ended.
I was born there.
I was born this way!
I was born to a Berber speaking mother.
I was born to achieve as many things as I can in my lifetime.
I was born to achieve excellence and I was born to aim for excellence, that is my life destiny.
I was born to be an over-achiever.
I was born to be made fun of.
I was born to bring out my own differences and my own originality from most other people.
I was born to create, not to copy.
I was born to do things my own special way compared to the commonly used way used by other people and I was born to set myself apart in everything I undertake in life.
I was born to emphasize my difference from most people.
I was born to emphasize out my difference from most other people.
I was born to highlight my difference among all other people.
I was born to join in love, not in hate.
I was born to lead by example among other people.
I was born to lead others to reach success.
I was born to lead the way for others.
I was born to let my difference shine out from most other people.
I was born to love you.
I was born to make and to cause the most psychological damage to other people.
I was born to make my difference stand out from most other people.
I was born to make you happy.
I was born to put forward my difference among other most people around me.
I was born to set up a glaring example of success for others to follow.
I was born to show others the way forward.
I was born to take up any leadership role in any life situations.
I was born to think more creatively than most other people and to have a more unique mindset that sets me apart from other people.
I was born twenty years ago.
I was born twoscore years ago.
I was born under the sign of Aquarius.
I was born unlucky.
I was born when Alaska wasn't even a state.
I was born with a vocation to help others, and I do it as I can in my own small way.
I was born with the ability to detect nearby alternate realities.
I was born with twelve fingers.
I was born with two extra fingers.
I was born yesterday, and will die tomorrow.
I was both excited and nervous at the same time.
I was both tired and hungry when I got home last night.
I was bothered by the baby's crying.
I was bothered by the baby’s crying.
I was bought a new water filter.
I was bought a new water purifier.
I was bouncing off the walls with excitement.
I was bound by a prior arrangement.
I was bound to answer him.
I was brainwashed.
I was breaking my heart when I was watching it.
I was breastfed for four years.
I was breastfeeding.
I was breathing.
I was broke at the time.
I was broke.
I was brokenhearted.
I was brought here against my will.
I was brought into this world to shine and excel.
I was brought to tears.
I was brought up Catholic.
I was brought up by foster parents.
I was brought up by my grandmother.
I was brought up in Australia.
I was brought up in Boston.
I was brought up in the country.
I was brought up on a farm.
I was brought up playing tennis.
I was brought up speaking the language; I understand everything and I'm able to speak about anything with ease.
I was brought up to respect my elders.
I was brought up under rigid discipline.
I was browned to a nice tan.
I was brushing my teeth.
I was building a house.
I was bullied for being gay at an age when kids are, in the eyes of conservatives, too innocent to learn about the existence of gay people.
I was bullied in school for speaking in Berber.
I was bullied.
I was buried.
I was burned out.
I was burned up by what he said.
I was burned.
I was burnt by the iron.
I was bursting with the desire to punch Tom in the face.
I was busily typing for the whole morning.
I was busted to a sergeant.
I was busy all day yesterday.
I was busy all day.
I was busy at work today so I didn't have the time to eat lunch.
I was busy cleaning the house.
I was busy cooking dinner.
I was busy cooking.
I was busy doing something else.
I was busy during the week.
I was busy last week, so I couldn't study.
I was busy mashing some potatoes.
I was busy most of the afternoon.
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.
I was busy studying for a test.
I was busy studying for the term exam.
I was busy the whole day.
I was busy this week.
I was busy tidying up the room for three days.
I was busy with housework.
I was busy with something important.
I was busy with the food.
I was busy with work for the term exam.
I was busy working.
I was busy yesterday.
I was busy, but I helped Mother.
I was busy, but Tom wasn't.
I was busy, so I didn't eat lunch.
I was busy.
I was busy at that time.
I was busy at the time.
I was buying bread.
I was buying food from the market.
I was buying some books from the bookstore.
I was by nature greedy of knowing new things, divers countries, cities, languages, and manners of men.
I was by nature greedy to know new things, different countries, cities, languages, and the customs of men.
I was called "The Wind" in high school and my sister "The Fire".
I was called a liar.
I was called by a colleague who I hadn't seen for twenty years.
I was called in for jury this morning, and I actually have to serve on a case.
I was called into the office first, my name being at the head of the list.
I was called into the office first.
I was called on in English class.
I was called on in French class.
I was called out to the scene of the accident.
I was called upon to make a speech in English.
I was called upon.
I was called.
I was calling my friend.
I was calling.
I was calm until I saw the syringe!
I was calm until I saw the syringe.
I was calm.
I was camping in Kabylie.
I was camping in bear country.
I was camping in the woods.
I was camping out in the woods.
I was canned.
I was captivated by her beauty.
I was captivated by her beauty. Her look was really captivating.
I was captivated by his lustrous hair, glistening in the sunset.
I was captivated.
I was captured.
I was careful not to do that.
I was careful not to say anything to make him angry.
I was careful to not leave any evidence.
I was careful.
I was careless and I got some paint on my shoes.
I was careless.
I was carjacked.
I was carried away by the music.
I was carrying a book.
I was carrying my bag over my shoulder.
I was carrying the heavy bag on my back.
I was carrying the heavy sack on my back.
I was catching the ball.
I was caught between a rock and a hard place.
I was caught completely off guard.
I was caught in a downpour and got soaked to the bone.
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.
I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
I was caught in a shower and was drenched to the skin.
I was caught in a shower just now.
I was caught in a shower on my way home from school, got soaking wet and caught a cold.
I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday evening.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday.
I was caught in a shower on my way home.
I was caught in a shower on my way to the station.
I was caught in a shower on the way home from school and got soaking wet.
I was caught in a shower on the way.
I was caught in a shower this afternoon.
I was caught in a shower while I was jogging.
I was caught in a shower.
I was caught in a traffic jam.
I was caught in an evening shower.
I was caught in shower on my way home.
I was caught in the rain and got soaked to the skin.
I was caught in the rain and got wet.
I was caught in the rain on my way home.
I was caught in the rain.
I was caught in the rush hour.
I was caught in traffic.
I was caught off guard.
I was caught out by the bad weather.
I was caught sleeping in class.
I was caught speeding yesterday.
I was caught up in traffic.
I was caught with my pants down.
I was caught.
I was celebrating.
I was certain about my path forward.
I was certain that some dark purpose lay behind his coming.
I was certain that you'd come.
I was certain you'd come.
I was certain.
I was certainly lucky.
I was chagrined at missing you.
I was chained to the desk all day.
I was challenged by a gatekeeper.
I was challenged to a duel.
I was charged with an important task.
I was charmed by her way of speaking.
I was charmed with it, adopted it, dropped my abrupt contradiction and positive argumentation, and put on the humble inquirer and doubter.
I was chased.
I was chasing Linda.
I was chasing Rima around the house.
I was chasing the cat around.
I was chasing the crows away.
I was chatting with Tom.
I was cheated by Tom.
I was cheated.
I was cheating on her.
I was checking a hot guy out when my friend came.
I was chilled to the bone.
I was chilled with fear.
I was chilling.
I was choked by smoke.
I was chosen as a member of the team.
I was chosen at random.
I was chosen for that.
I was chosen for this.
I was chosen to do that.
I was chosen to satisfy you.
I was chosen to sing the national anthem.
I was chosen to take part in this programme.
I was chosen.
I was chuffed with the result.
I was cleaning my apartment yesterday afternoon.
I was cleaning my flat yesterday.
I was cleaning my room for that time.
I was cleaning my room.
I was cleaning the bath.
I was cleaning the house while Tom and Mary were cleaning the garage.
I was cleaning the house while Tom was cleaning the garage.
I was cleaning the motor and I got grease all over my arm.
I was cleaning.
I was clear on my next moves.
I was clear on what I needed to accomplish.
I was clever.
I was close to Tom.
I was close, wasn't I?
I was close.
I was closing the gate.
I was closing the store.
I was clueless about the situation, but thankfully, Tom gave me the scoop.
I was clueless.
I was cold and wet.
I was cold, so I put a jumper on.
I was cold, so I put on a jumper.
I was cold, so I put on a sweater.
I was cold.
I was comfortable.
I was comforted by Tom.
I was coming home from some place at the end of the world, about three o'clock of a black winter morning, and my way lay through a part of town where there was literally nothing to be seen but lamps.
I was coming toward the tent.
I was coming.
I was compelled to cancel the plan.
I was compelled to confess.
I was compelled to do all the work alone.
I was compelled to do the work alone.
I was compelled to do this against my will.
I was compelled to follow her.
I was compelled to go there.
I was compelled to hold a strap.
I was compelled to leave school.
I was compelled to sign the paper.
I was compelled to watch the entire night feeding the fire.
I was complaining about who was with you earlier.
I was completely absorbed in reading a detective novel.
I was completely alone.
I was completely amazed.
I was completely baffled.
I was completely bewildered by his sudden change of mood.
I was completely blown away by it.
I was completely broke.
I was completely caught off guard.
I was completely clueless of everything.
I was completely clueless.
I was completely deceived by her story.
I was completely devastated.
I was completely dumbfounded.
I was completely exhausted after the hike.
I was completely exhausted.
I was completely fooled.
I was completely in love with her.
I was completely in love with him.
I was completely innocent.
I was completely out of shape.
I was completely overwhelmed.
I was completely petrified.
I was completely serious.
I was completely shattered after that.
I was completely shocked by Tom's accusation.
I was completely shocked.
I was completely stunned.
I was completely taken aback by her reasoning.
I was completely taken aback.
I was completely wrong.
I was concentrating on reading.
I was concerned about Tom's safety.
I was concerned about Tom.
I was concerned about your welfare.
I was concerned for obvious reasons.
I was concerned.
I was condemned for my disobedience.
I was confident enough.
I was confident in your support.
I was confident.
I was confronted with many difficulties.
I was confused about that at first.
I was confused and I felt stupid.
I was confused at first.
I was confused by her expression.
I was confused by her request.
I was confused by the expression on Tom's face.
I was confused by the expression on her face.
I was confused with her expression.
I was confused.
I was congratulated by Tom.
I was conscious that something was missing.
I was conscripted into the army.
I was considering canceling tomorrow's meeting.
I was considering doing it with Tom.
I was constantly walking around the house.
I was constrained to tell a lie.
I was contacted by Tom.
I was content with little, knowing that it was the shameful contentment, merely for seeing what a thing it was to live merrily.
I was content.
I was contributing.
I was convicted.
I was convinced I didn't have to do that.
I was convinced I didn't need to do that.
I was convinced I had to do that.
I was convinced I needed to do that.
I was convinced I no longer had to do that.
I was convinced I no longer needed to do that.
I was convinced I ought to do that.
I was convinced I should do that.
I was convinced I shouldn't do that.
I was convinced I was doing the right thing.
I was convinced I was right.
I was convinced Tom and Mary were guilty.
I was convinced Tom was guilty.
I was convinced by his explanation.
I was convinced he would succeed.
I was convinced it was love immediately.
I was convinced nothing was wrong.
I was convinced of my chosen route.
I was convinced that I could do it, but they were way less convinced than I was.
I was convinced that I didn't have to do that.
I was convinced that I didn't need to do that.
I was convinced that I had to do that.
I was convinced that I needed to do that.
I was convinced that I no longer had to do that.
I was convinced that I no longer needed to do that.
I was convinced that I ought to do that.
I was convinced that I should do that.
I was convinced that I shouldn't do that.
I was convinced that I was doing the right thing.
I was convinced that I was right.
I was convinced that he was guilty.
I was convinced that nothing was wrong.
I was convinced you were Tom.
I was convincing.
I was cool as a cucumber.
I was cool with that.
I was cooling down.
I was cooling off.
I was cooperative.
I was cornered.
I was correct.
I was coughing all night.
I was coughing.
I was counting on you.
I was counting the sheep.
I was courted by the most handsome and wealthiest men in the Caribbean.
I was courteous.
I was covered in bruises.
I was covered in dozens of tiny little leeches.
I was covered in snow.
I was covered in sweat.
I was covered.
I was covering up the grave.
I was cracking up.
I was craving a juicy steak, so I went to Adriano's place.
I was crazy about Tom.
I was crazy about her.
I was crazy about him.
I was crazy about that boy.
I was crazy about that girl.
I was crazy about you.
I was crazy back then.
I was crazy that night.
I was crazy then.
I was crazy to agree to do that.
I was crazy to come here.
I was crazy to do that.
I was crazy to doubt you.
I was crazy to leave you.
I was crazy to think so.
I was crazy to trust you.
I was crazy.
I was criticized for doing that.
I was criticized.
I was crossing the road.
I was crowded out.
I was crushed.
I was crying when he released her.
I was crying.
I was cured of my drinking habit.
I was curious about him.
I was curious about that.
I was curious about the result.
I was curious about what that could be.
I was curious to know why Tom and Mary broke up.
I was curious to know why people had been staring at me.
I was curious to see evidence of this.
I was curious to see what was in the box.
I was curious to see what was in the room.
I was curious to see what was inside.
I was curious.
I was cursing.
I was cut off while I was speaking.
I was cut to the quick by her remark.
I was cut with a knife.
I was cute when I was a kid.
I was cute.
I was cycling in England last week.
I was dancing at work.
I was dancing by myself.
I was dancing in the field.
I was dancing on the beach.
I was dancing with her to Kabyle music.
I was dancing.
I was dating Mary at the time.
I was dating Tom at the time.
I was dating Tom back then.
I was dating Tom.
I was dating a Kabyle girl in Algeria.
I was dating a Kabyle girl.
I was dating a beautiful Kabyle girl.
I was dating a girl in high school who only spoke Berber.
I was dating a girl in high school who spoke Berber.
I was dating my high school teacher.
I was daydreaming.
I was dazzled by her beauty.
I was dazzled by the headlights of an approaching car.
I was dazzled by the sun.
I was dazzled.
I was dead inside.
I was dead right on the money.
I was dead wrong.
I was dead.
I was deaf.
I was dealing with a crisis.
I was dealt a good hand.
I was dealt four aces.
I was deceived by Tom.
I was deceived by a person who I had thought was a friend of mine.
I was deceived by her appearance.
I was deceived by him.
I was deceived by the blue sky and brought no umbrella.
I was deceived.
I was dedicated to a pressing responsibility.
I was dedicated.
I was deep asleep.
I was deep in thought.
I was deepening the holes.
I was deeply affected by her speech.
I was deeply affected by his speech.
I was deeply affected when I heard of his death.
I was deeply ashamed.
I was deeply discouraged.
I was deeply envious of their abilities.
I was deeply hurt.
I was deeply impressed by Roman architecture.
I was deeply impressed by his speech.
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.
I was deeply impressed with his courage.
I was deeply impressed with the medieval music.
I was deeply moved after I saw the movie.
I was deeply moved after reading this novel.
I was deeply moved by his speech.
I was deeply moved by that novel.
I was deeply moved by that.
I was deeply moved.
I was deeply offended by his scolding.
I was deeply shaken by that.
I was deeply shocked.
I was deeply touched by Tom's story.
I was deeply touched by the story.
I was defeated.
I was defended by Tom.
I was defending myself.
I was defenseless.
I was defiant.
I was definitely out of line with the terrible accusations that I made.
I was definitely surprised.
I was definitely worried.
I was definitely wrong.
I was dehydrated.
I was delayed as there was no transport.
I was delayed by a traffic jam.
I was delighted at the news of her success.
I was delighted at the news.
I was delighted by my trip to the museum.
I was delighted to do it.
I was delighted to do so.
I was delighted to do that.
I was delighted to hear of your promotion to Senior Managing Director.
I was delighted to hear the news of his success.
I was delighted to meet you here.
I was delighted to see Tom.
I was delighted with the news.
I was delighted!
I was delighted.
I was delirious.
I was demanding.
I was demoralised at times, but I knew I had to forge ahead to accomplish my dream.
I was denied access to his land.
I was denied affection.
I was denied entry because I had shorts on.
I was denied entry, as I had athletic shorts on.
I was deported.
I was depressed.
I was deserted by everyone.
I was desperate for a job.
I was desperate to do that.
I was desperate.
I was desperately in love with him.
I was detained all day.
I was detained for burning the Turkish flag in Istanbul.
I was detained for three hours.
I was detained.
I was determined about the way forward.
I was determined not to give in to temptation.
I was determined to be able to speak many different languages.
I was determined to do that.
I was determined to find something of value.
I was determined to fulfill my duties at any cost.
I was determined to help her at the risk of my life.
I was determined to learn the difference between knowledge and foolishness, wisdom and madness. But I found out that I might as well be chasing the wind.
I was determined to rise above the ashes.
I was determined to rise from the ashes.
I was determined to stay in Australia.
I was devastated by Tom's death.
I was devastated by his rejection.
I was devastated when I received my termination notice.
I was devastated with guilt.
I was devastated.
I was diagnosed as schizophrenic.
I was diagnosed with autism at the age of five.
I was diagnosed with pneumonia.
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia.
I was dialing his number just as he walked through the door.
I was dialling his number when he walked through the door.
I was dining.
I was directly behind Tom.
I was directly in front of the truck.
I was dirty when I got home.
I was disappointed at her absence.
I was disappointed at how little work there was there.
I was disappointed at seeing him there as I don't like him.
I was disappointed at the result.
I was disappointed at the results.
I was disappointed at there being so little to do.
I was disappointed at your absence.
I was disappointed because you weren't at home.
I was disappointed because you weren't there.
I was disappointed by the new iOS 6 maps.
I was disappointed by the news.
I was disappointed by your article.
I was disappointed in her.
I was disappointed in him.
I was disappointed in my son.
I was disappointed in you.
I was disappointed that I had so little to do.
I was disappointed that I only caught the tail end of the movie.
I was disappointed that my bonus was less than usual.
I was disappointed that she was not at home.
I was disappointed that we didn't go further.
I was disappointed that we weren't able to do that.
I was disappointed that you didn't call me.
I was disappointed that you didn't call.
I was disappointed that you didn’t call.
I was disappointed to hear that you couldn't come.
I was disappointed to hear that you weren't able to come.
I was disappointed to hear that you wouldn't be able to come.
I was disappointed to hear the test results.
I was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than I was expecting.
I was disappointed when I heard that you couldn't come.
I was disappointed when I heard that you couldn’t come.
I was disappointed when I heard you couldn't come.
I was disappointed with his speech.
I was disappointed with the new product.
I was disappointed with the result.
I was disappointed with the results.
I was disappointed with those results.
I was disappointed with your paper.
I was disappointed.
I was disassembling old furniture with Tom.
I was discharged from hospital today.
I was discharged last Monday.
I was discharged without notice.
I was discontented.
I was discouraged to hear of his death.
I was discouraged.
I was discredited.
I was discreet.
I was discriminated against in my home country.
I was discriminated against once.
I was discussing that problem with Tom.
I was disfigured.
I was disfiguring myself.
I was disguised as a workman.
I was disguised in girl's clothes at the school festival.
I was disguised in girl’s clothes at the school festival.
I was disgusted with Tom.
I was disgusted with his pointless talk.
I was disgusted, too.
I was disgusted.
I was disillusioned at her private life.
I was disillusioned at his married life.
I was disillusioned.
I was dismayed at the news.
I was dismissed.
I was disobedient.
I was disqualified.
I was disrespectful.
I was disrespecting Mina.
I was dissociating.
I was distracted by those protesters outside.
I was distracted for a moment.
I was distracted.
I was distraught over what to do because everything was going poorly.
I was distraught.
I was distressed to see Tom so unhappy.
I was distrustful of his motives.
I was disturbed.
I was dizzy.
I was dog tired when I got home last night.
I was dog-tired when I got home last night.
I was doing OK.
I was doing a TikTok live.
I was doing a bit.
I was doing an impersonation of my boss when he showed up.
I was doing as well as anyone here.
I was doing drugs.
I was doing everything I could.
I was doing everything that a non-Muslim would do.
I was doing everything.
I was doing homework at my bedroom desk.
I was doing horse drugs before it was cool.
I was doing my homework then.
I was doing my homework when Tom came in.
I was doing my homework.
I was doing my investigation.
I was doing my job on the computer.
I was doing my laundry.
I was doing some DIY.
I was doing some shopping downtown.
I was doing some shopping for a number of things.
I was doing something illegal.
I was doing something outside.
I was doing something.
I was doing that just this morning.
I was doing that when I found out Tom died.
I was doing the washing-up.
I was doing things that were against the law.
I was doing volunteer work.
I was doing well.
I was doing wudu.
I was done with school at noon.
I was done, but Skura wasn't.
I was done, but Tom wasn't.
I was down.
I was downtown yesterday.
I was draggeg through the mud.
I was draining the bathtub.
I was drawing myself a bath and getting ready to relax when there was a knock on the door.
I was drawing.
I was drawn to this smartphone for its excellent performance.
I was dreaming about Tom.
I was dreaming about being chased by Tom.
I was dreaming about fields of daisies.
I was dreaming about her.
I was dreaming about him.
I was dreaming about owls.
I was dreaming about them.
I was dreaming about you.
I was dreaming and laughing, while I was sleeping.
I was dreaming and then I woke up and said the weirdest thing.
I was dreaming.
I was drenched head to toe.
I was drenched to the skin because of the heavy rain.
I was dressed up as a girl at the school festival.
I was drifting about aimlessly.
I was drinking alone.
I was drinking at that point.
I was drinking heavily in those days.
I was drinking in front of the teacher.
I was drinking milk a moment ago.
I was drinking milk.
I was drinking tea all morning.
I was drinking way too much coffee.
I was drinking wine.
I was drinking with total abandon and blacked out. I have no idea what I was doing.
I was drinking.
I was driven here by my father.
I was driven home.
I was driving a Mazda.
I was driving around the block.
I was driving at 120 kilometers per hour when the police stopped me.
I was driving behind you on the road this morning.
I was driving behind you this morning.
I was driving by and saw you had the lights on.
I was driving by and saw your lights on.
I was driving down Park Street when I saw Tom and Mary walking together.
I was driving down the park road.
I was driving down the street.
I was driving home.
I was driving into the centre.
I was driving really slow.
I was driving through Kabylie with my brother's car.
I was driving to Algiers.
I was driving to Boston at that time.
I was driving too fast and ran off the road.
I was driving too fast.
I was driving.
I was drooling.
I was dropped from the baseball team.
I was drowning.
I was drugged.
I was drumming on the table.
I was drunk and didn't know what I was doing.
I was drunk at the time.
I was drunk of a joy that cannot be explained to one who has not felt it.
I was drunk yesterday.
I was drunk.
I was duly impressed.
I was dumbfounded.
I was dumbstruck.
I was dumped by him.
I was duped into thinking he was trustworthy.
I was dusting and sneezing all day.
I was dwarfed by his gigantic frame.
I was dying for a cigarette.
I was dying to get out there.
I was dying to go to that party.
I was dying to kiss her.
I was dying with worry.
I was dying.
I was eager to do that.
I was eager to prove myself.
I was eager to visit Tom.
I was early to breakfast. I felt a perfectly natural desire to have a good, long, unprejudiced look at the passengers at a time when they should be free from self-consciousness—which is at breakfast, when such a moment occurs in the lives of human beings at all.
I was easily taken in by his smooth talk.
I was eating a sandwich.
I was eating alone.
I was eating an apple when Tom phoned me.
I was eating breakfast when I felt the earthquake.
I was eating dinner then.
I was eating dinner.
I was eating in restaurant yesterday.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
I was eating my kiwi.
I was eating over there.
I was eating some strawberries.
I was eating something.
I was eating strawberries.
I was eating the apple.
I was eating when the telephone rang.
I was eating when you called me.
I was eating when you phoned.
I was eating when you rang.
I was eating your cake.
I was eating.
I was ecstatic.
I was educated at a state school.
I was educated in Australia.
I was educated in Boston.
I was eight mile away.
I was eight years old when I went to Mt. Fuji with my dad.
I was eighteen then.
I was eighty years old in two thousand thirteen.
I was elated, ecstatic and extremely surprised that we were successful.
I was elected class president.
I was elected three years ago.
I was elected to the Senate in 2008.
I was elected.
I was elegant.
I was embarrassed by his bad manners.
I was embarrassed by his rudeness.
I was embarrassed by that.
I was embarrassed by what my mother said.
I was embarrassed by what she said.
I was embarrassed when he talked to me.
I was embarrassed.
I was emotionally drained after listening to Tom rave on about his marriage problems for two hours.
I was employee of the year for three years.
I was enchanted by the performance of the group.
I was enchanted with the music.
I was encouraged by his words.
I was encouraged by the news.
I was endlessly obsessed with that thought.
I was engaged in it for three years, that is, till I was twenty years old.
I was engaged in something important.
I was engaged once.
I was engaged to a man for five years.
I was engaged to him, Mr. Holmes, when I heard a shocking story of how he had turned a cat loose in an aviary, and I was so horrified at his brutal cruelty that I would have nothing more to do with him.
I was engaged.
I was enjoying a soothing cup of hot coffee.
I was enjoying it.
I was enjoying myself.
I was enjoying some alone time.
I was enjoying that.
I was enjoying the company of my friends.
I was enjoying the scenery.
I was enjoying the serenity.
I was enjoying the trip.
I was enjoying the view.
I was enthralled by an old book tucked away in the corner of the library.
I was enthusiastic.
I was entirely bummed out by the results.
I was entirely ignorant of the matter.
I was entranced by her singing.
I was entranced.
I was envious of the students who had studied abroad.
I was especially passionate about dystopia novels.
I was even caught up in that same problem.
I was eventually released.
I was evicted.
I was evil.
I was exactly like you when I was younger.
I was exaggerating.
I was exceptionally unlucky.
I was excited about that.
I was excited and nervous at the same time.
I was excited by the challenge.
I was excited by the movie.
I was excited by the promise of reimbursement from my purchase.
I was excited for the movie, but in the end it wasn't that interesting.
I was excited for the tango lessons.
I was excited to come.
I was excited to go to Kabylie.
I was excited to tears.
I was excited when I won.
I was excited when the little boy said he wanted to be a biologist.
I was excited whenever I had Berber class with her.
I was excited.
I was excused from PE.
I was excused from gym class.
I was exhausted after running the race.
I was exhausted and felt miserable.
I was exhausted and soon fell asleep.
I was exhausted and started feeling sleepy.
I was exhausted by a full day's teaching.
I was exhausted by a full day’s teaching.
I was exhausted by the time I got home.
I was exhausted from the long hike.
I was exhausted from work.
I was exhausted today.
I was exhausted when I got home last night.
I was exhausted when I got home today.
I was exhausted when I got home.
I was exhausted when we arrived at the ski slope and the snow became rain.
I was exhausted.
I was expected here before ten.
I was expecting Tom to be here.
I was expecting Tom to call me back.
I was expecting Tom.
I was expecting a baby.
I was expecting a letter from her.
I was expecting a lot more from you.
I was expecting a lot more people to be here.
I was expecting a lot more people to be there.
I was expecting a lot more.
I was expecting a tougher game.
I was expecting better sales on Black Friday.
I was expecting her to be here.
I was expecting her.
I was expecting him to be here.
I was expecting him.
I was expecting it to be a bad book, but damn me if it wasn't quite good after all.
I was expecting it to be a bad book, but damn me if it wasn’t quite good after all.
I was expecting it!
I was expecting more people to show up.
I was expecting not to pass the exam.
I was expecting something a little fancier than this.
I was expecting something like this to happen.
I was expecting something to happen.
I was expecting something.
I was expecting that such a musician would get a lot of attendees.
I was expecting that to happen.
I was expecting that.
I was expecting the worst.
I was expecting them to be here.
I was expecting them.
I was expecting this to happen.
I was expecting this towel to be a 140 dollars.
I was expecting this.
I was expecting to be reprimanded for taking that risk.
I was expecting to find Tom here.
I was expecting to see more people in the park.
I was expecting to tutor biology or chemistry, but the coordinator asked me to do macroeconomics and digital media because they were short of tutors there.
I was expecting you at 11 o'clock.
I was expecting you at 11:00 a.m.
I was expecting you at 2:30.
I was expecting you here at 2:30.
I was expecting you last night.
I was expecting you yesterday.
I was expecting you.
I was expelled from school for fighting.
I was expelled from school.
I was expelled from the institute.
I was explaining that.
I was extremely angry.
I was extremely busy.
I was extremely concerned.
I was extremely disappointed to see our national soccer team suffer a historic loss.
I was extremely elated.
I was extremely excited.
I was extremely lucky.
I was extremely naive at the time.
I was extremely nervous.
I was extremely proud.
I was extremely surprised when I saw this.
I was extremely tired.
I was extremely upset.
I was face to face with my parents' murderer.
I was fair.
I was fairly close to my house.
I was falling asleep.
I was falling.
I was falsely accused.
I was familiar with a good portion of that airport.
I was famous when I was younger.
I was famous.
I was far away.
I was far in the woods.
I was fascinated after reading an internet interview with him.
I was fascinated by Islam.
I was fascinated by her beauty.
I was fascinated by her opera singing.
I was fascinated by her performance.
I was fascinated by her sweet voice.
I was fascinated by that.
I was fascinated by what I saw.
I was fascinated from the moment I saw it.
I was fascinated with him.
I was fast asleep when the alarm rang.
I was fast asleep.
I was faster.
I was fat when I was a kid.
I was fat when I was younger.
I was fat.
I was feeling OK then.
I was feeling a little light-headed.
I was feeling a little lonely.
I was feeling a lot of pain.
I was feeling bad and I went to the hospital, but in the end it was nothing serious.
I was feeling blue all day.
I was feeling blue.
I was feeling breathless when I saw her in that dress.
I was feeling confident.
I was feeling exhausted.
I was feeling giddy.
I was feeling great.
I was feeling groggy.
I was feeling guilty in the beginning; it was frustrating to be successful when a lot of my friends weren’t.
I was feeling guilty.
I was feeling happy.
I was feeling his stare.
I was feeling homesick.
I was feeling hungry earlier, but I don't feel hungry anymore.
I was feeling hungry.
I was feeling hurt, betrayed, and most of all angry.
I was feeling ill.
I was feeling isolated and depressed.
I was feeling kind of groggy.
I was feeling kind of tired.
I was feeling lazy and didn't want to do anything.
I was feeling like being crushed.
I was feeling nauseous.
I was feeling nervous.
I was feeling nostalgic.
I was feeling pretty cheerful.
I was feeling pretty groggy.
I was feeling quite hungry.
I was feeling really good.
I was feeling romantic.
I was feeling sad and lonely.
I was feeling sad, I wasn't thinking of another love when you came into my life.
I was feeling sick before I got here.
I was feeling sick.
I was feeling sleepy until I drank a cup of coffee.
I was feeling sleepy, so I drank a cup of coffee.
I was feeling so demotivated in life until you came along.
I was feeling so down even my dog got worried for me.
I was feeling so liberated.
I was feeling sorry for Tom.
I was feeling the same.
I was feeling unwell.
I was feeling utterly helpless.
I was feeling utterly powerpointless.
I was feeling very hungry.
I was feeling very sorry for myself.
I was feeling woozy.
I was feverish with embarrassment.
I was fifteen at the time and had no prior sexual experience.
I was fifteen minutes late.
I was fifteen years old in this picture.
I was fighting for my life.
I was filled with frightful sorrow for her.
I was filled with joy.
I was filthy.
I was finally able to do that.
I was finally able to do what I'd been trying to do.
I was finally able to get a break.
I was finally able to make myself understood.
I was finally able to persuade Tom to leave.
I was finding it too difficult.
I was fine and startled.
I was fine.
I was fined $300.
I was fined 20 dollars for illegal parking.
I was fined a dollar.
I was fined for fishing without a license.
I was fined for not wearing a seatbelt.
I was fined for running a red light.
I was fined six thousand yen for a parking violation.
I was fined thirty dollars for speeding.
I was finished doing that by 2:30.
I was finished doing that by the time Tom offered to help me.
I was finished, but Tom wasn't.
I was finished.
I was fired after twenty years.
I was fired and I became unemployed.
I was fired during the recession and never came back.
I was fired in 2013.
I was fired last week.
I was fired without cause.
I was fired without warning.
I was fired yesterday.
I was fired.
I was first in line.
I was first.
I was fishing.
I was five years old when we moved back to Kabylie, Algeria.
I was flabbergasted to hear that she died of a drug overdose. She always seemed like such a straight arrow to me.
I was flabbergasted when I found out that Mary used to be called Peter.
I was flabbergasted.
I was flat broke.
I was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold.
I was flattered by the attention.
I was flattered by the invitation.
I was floored by the news.
I was flying, like the wind.
I was focused on an important matter.
I was focused.
I was foiled in my attempt.
I was folding my shirts.
I was following Mina.
I was following Tom's instructions.
I was following Tom.
I was following a hunch.
I was following his instructions.
I was following his talk without a problem.
I was following my father.
I was following orders.
I was following you.
I was fond of cake.
I was fool enough to do so.
I was fool enough to marry Tom.
I was fool.
I was fooled by Tom.
I was fooled.
I was foolish enough to believe Tom.
I was foolish enough to believe him.
I was foolish enough to believe it.
I was foolish enough to leave my commutation ticket at home.
I was foolish to believe Tom.
I was foolish.
I was for some time apprehensive that it would be necessary, on account of the contagious sickness which afflicted the city of Philadelphia, to convene the National Legislature at some other place.
I was forced to abandon the plan.
I was forced to accept her proposal.
I was forced to accept his proposal.
I was forced to come here, like you.
I was forced to do it.
I was forced to do some things I didn't want to do.
I was forced to do some things that I didn't want to do.
I was forced to do that when I was younger.
I was forced to do that.
I was forced to do this.
I was forced to drink against my will.
I was forced to drink.
I was forced to eat that.
I was forced to go back home.
I was forced to go to work on Sunday.
I was forced to go.
I was forced to learn Spanish.
I was forced to leave.
I was forced to lie.
I was forced to live my country.
I was forced to live on the streets.
I was forced to make a bow.
I was forced to make a choice.
I was forced to marry a woman.
I was forced to pick a side.
I was forced to quit.
I was forced to resign.
I was forced to self-publish my book.
I was forced to sell my car.
I was forced to sign my name.
I was forced to sign that confession.
I was forced to sign the confession.
I was forced to sign the document.
I was forced to sign the form.
I was forced to sign the paper.
I was forced to something I didn't want to do.
I was forced to something that I didn't want to do.
I was forced to start everything from the beginning, and that wasn't pleasant.
I was forced to submit to my fate.
I was forced to support his theory.
I was forced to take medicine.
I was forced to take my medicine.
I was forced to take the drug against my will.
I was forced to tell the truth.
I was forced to volunteer.
I was forced to work on Sunday.
I was forgiven.
I was forgotten.
I was fortunate enough to be chosen.
I was fortunate to be able to do that.
I was fortunate to escape unharmed.
I was fortunate to find a good job.
I was fortunate to get the job.
I was fortunate to make his acquaintance.
I was fortunate to see that.
I was found by the dog.
I was found guilty.
I was fourteen when my family moved to another country.
I was framed.
I was frantic.
I was freaked out.
I was freaking out.
I was free all day yesterday, but today I'm working.
I was free from work yesterday.
I was free.
I was freed.
I was freezing to death.
I was freezing.
I was friends with Tom.
I was frightened and confused.
I was frightened at the sight.
I was frightened by the sight.
I was frightened to death.
I was frightened when I saw that.
I was frightened.
I was frozen in place.
I was frozen in terror.
I was frozen to the bone.
I was frozen with fear.
I was frustrated.
I was full of curiosity about her past.
I was full of energy.
I was full of shame at my rudeness.
I was full.
I was fully alive to the danger.
I was fuming.
I was furious when I saw a newspaper headline today.
I was furious with Skura.
I was furious with Tom.
I was furious with myself for crying, but I couldn't help myself.
I was furious.
I was gathering lingonberries.
I was getting a little bored.
I was getting a little nervous.
I was getting ahead of myself.
I was getting away.
I was getting better at giving head.
I was getting close to the summit, but there were several boulders in my way, and trying to get over them almost did me in. Sometimes there were loose rocks all over the place, too.
I was getting cold.
I was getting drowsy.
I was getting frustrated because I couldn't seem to do what Tom asked me to do.
I was getting frustrated.
I was getting hungry.
I was getting involved in things that didn't believe me.
I was getting kind of hungry myself.
I was getting more frustrated by the second.
I was getting my stuff to go to the village.
I was getting out of my van.
I was getting ready for work.
I was getting ready to do that.
I was getting ready to go out. At that time, the telephone rang.
I was getting really thirsty myself.
I was getting sleepy.
I was getting suspicious.
I was getting tired of doing that.
I was getting to that.
I was getting used to living in America.
I was getting worried.
I was given a camera by my uncle.
I was given a computer game by my father.
I was given a couple of tickets for tonight's concert. Would you like to go with me?
I was given a free drink coupon.
I was given a hard time by a strange guy at the tavern.
I was given a medal.
I was given a minor share of my father's wealth.
I was given a minor share of my father’s wealth.
I was given a nasty look when I asked for my prescription at the local doctor's.
I was given a nasty look when I asked for my prescription at the local doctor’s.
I was given a new jacket.
I was given a nice present by my uncle.
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.
I was given a proper education by my parents.
I was given a scare by a doctor I interviewed for the TV program who warned me not to rest easy just because I had no allergic symptoms at the moment.
I was given a ten percent discount.
I was given an unfavorable prognosis.
I was given another task.
I was given away by my eyes.
I was given by mother RM100 to buy necessities.
I was given coffee for you.
I was given more than what Tom got.
I was given permission to do this.
I was given some chocolates by a friend, they look very classy and appetising, but do you think they would go well with coffee? Or wine?
I was given some money by the company president.
I was given something to drink.
I was given the best without trying.
I was given the task of cleaning the office.
I was given this present by Ann.
I was given this ticket.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
I was given to understand that she was ill.
I was given training in that school.
I was given two students to help me.
I was given up on by everyone.
I was given what I needed.
I was glad I could be there for her.
I was glad I could help.
I was glad I was there.
I was glad Tom wasn't there.
I was glad at the news.
I was glad that I could help.
I was glad that he held back.
I was glad that she visited me unexpectedly.
I was glad to be proven wrong.
I was glad to do a good deed.
I was glad to get home.
I was glad to get it over with.
I was glad to hear his report.
I was glad to hear of your success.
I was glad to hear the news.
I was glad to help.
I was glad to see Tom again.
I was glad to see Tom there.
I was glad to see Tom.
I was glad to see her.
I was glad to see him.
I was glad to see my old friends.
I was glad to see that he finally came to his senses.
I was glad to see them.
I was glad when I woke up and realised that it had all been just a bad dream.
I was glad you guys weren't here.
I was glad you weren't here.
I was glad.
I was gobsmacked.
I was going 120 kilometers an hour when the police stopped me.
I was going crazy.
I was going home.
I was going on foot.
I was going out anyway.
I was going out, when the telephone rang.
I was going out.
I was going over Tom's file.
I was going over to see Tom.
I was going through a divorce at that time.
I was going through a rough time.
I was going to Berber class.
I was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
I was going to Kabylie.
I was going to another country.
I was going to approach her, but she seemed very abrasive, so I decided not to.
I was going to ask Tom about it but never got the chance.
I was going to ask Tom about the same.
I was going to ask Tom to do that for me.
I was going to ask Tom to do that.
I was going to ask Tom.
I was going to ask for a volunteer.
I was going to ask her out, but at the last moment my courage faltered.
I was going to ask you if you could help me with something.
I was going to ask you if you've read my message.
I was going to ask you the same thing.
I was going to ask you whether you've read my message.
I was going to bet you five dollars that the next song would be by Boston.
I was going to buy a new table, but my husband fixed the broken leg.
I was going to buy it, only Tom told me not to.
I was going to buy some chocolate.
I was going to buy this book as a present for Tom.
I was going to call Tom and see if he wanted to go with us.
I was going to call Tom back today.
I was going to call Tom later.
I was going to call Tom today.
I was going to call Tom, but I forgot to.
I was going to call Tom, but thought better of it.
I was going to call Tom.
I was going to call a taxi.
I was going to call and tell Tom everything.
I was going to call her today.
I was going to call her.
I was going to call him today.
I was going to call him, but thought better of it.
I was going to call him.
I was going to call them today.
I was going to call them.
I was going to call to find out if you got my email.
I was going to call to find out if you got my text.
I was going to call you back.
I was going to call you.
I was going to check on her.
I was going to come alone.
I was going to come home.
I was going to come.
I was going to do it anyway.
I was going to do it myself.
I was going to do it tomorrow.
I was going to do it yesterday.
I was going to do so.
I was going to do that alone.
I was going to do that anyway.
I was going to do that by myself.
I was going to do that for Tom.
I was going to do that myself.
I was going to do that the day before yesterday, but I didn't have time.
I was going to do that the day before yesterday.
I was going to do that tomorrow.
I was going to do that yesterday.
I was going to do that, but I never got the chance.
I was going to do that, but it was late so I didn't.
I was going to do that.
I was going to eat that.
I was going to eat the apple.
I was going to email Tom today.
I was going to get bigger when my grandson got ahead of me.
I was going to get myself a snack.
I was going to get taller when I was overtaken by my grandson.
I was going to get the analyses.
I was going to get the bus, but I missed it.
I was going to give this to a friend.
I was going to go get more coffee, but Cookie came and sat on my lap.
I was going to go grab a bite.
I was going to go swimming today, but I left my swimming gear at home.
I was going to go swimming today, but I left my swimming things at home.
I was going to go to Australia last month, but something came up and I couldn't go.
I was going to go to Australia next week, but I've changed my mind.
I was going to go to Australia, but I've changed my mind.
I was going to go to Boston last weekend, but something came up.
I was going to go to Boston next week, but I've changed my mind.
I was going to go to Boston, but I've changed my mind.
I was going to go to the United Arab Emirates.
I was going to go.
I was going to hand in my application form to the boss today, but he beat me to the punch.
I was going to have a kip.
I was going to have cake for dessert, but I changed my mind.
I was going to help Tom.
I was going to help you do that.
I was going to kill them.
I was going to kiss Tom.
I was going to leave Kabylie anyways.
I was going to leave for Boston the next morning.
I was going to leave you a note.
I was going to make cookies for Tom.
I was going to make myself a strawberry-jam sandwich. Do you fancy one as well?
I was going to make some coffee. Do you want a cup?
I was going to meet him, but I was very busy this week.
I was going to offer to buy you a drink.
I was going to pay for saying that.
I was going to phone, but I forgot.
I was going to quit anyway.
I was going to reach out to Tom when I was ready, but then he died.
I was going to repair the car.
I was going to reveal my secret.
I was going to ring Tom, wasn't I?
I was going to ring, but I forgot.
I was going to run over the notes one last time, but there wasn't time.
I was going to run over the notes one last time, but there wasn’t time.
I was going to say a bad thing.
I was going to say a year.
I was going to say that next.
I was going to say the same thing to you.
I was going to school on an empty stomach.
I was going to see Tom.
I was going to see her.
I was going to see him.
I was going to see them.
I was going to share it with you.
I was going to shoot them.
I was going to speak to his father about that matter, but thought better of it.
I was going to spend the summer in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was going to start writing to you yesterday after dinner, when I figured I would have some peace and quiet, but I couldn't.
I was going to study French, but decided to study English instead.
I was going to study in the library today, but I didn't wake up until about twelve.
I was going to suggest the following possibility.
I was going to surprise you.
I was going to take a nap, but Tom dropped by.
I was going to take a nap.
I was going to take a picture of a squirrel I found in the park, but it was too nimble, and all my shots were no good.
I was going to take this bus, but it's very full.
I was going to talk to Tom about that.
I was going to talk to Tom.
I was going to talk to you about it.
I was going to tell Mary what we expect her to do.
I was going to tell Sami.
I was going to tell Tom about that tomorrow.
I was going to tell Tom about that.
I was going to tell Tom about you.
I was going to tell Tom and Mary what we expect them to do.
I was going to tell Tom what we expect him to do.
I was going to tell Tom, but I forgot to.
I was going to tell Tom.
I was going to tell the truth.
I was going to tell you about my wife and kids.
I was going to tell you everything.
I was going to tell you that yesterday, but I forgot to.
I was going to tell you when the time was right.
I was going to tell you, but I forgot to.
I was going to tell you, but I forgot.
I was going to tell you, but Tom told me not to.
I was going to tell you.
I was going to the movies with my friends, but it rained and I didn't go.
I was going to try and get the archive, but I forgot.
I was going to try and reason with Tom.
I was going to try to get into Tokyo University, but I've changed my mind.
I was going to try to get into Tokyo University, but I’ve changed my mind.
I was going to try to reason with Tom.
I was going to use that.
I was going to visit a friend.
I was going to visit you yesterday.
I was going to vote for Tom.
I was going to vote for her.
I was going to vote for him.
I was going to wait till Tom got here.
I was going to wash my hair.
I was going to work here all day.
I was going to work when John saw me.
I was going to work.
I was going to write to you tomorrow.
I was going to write to you, but I forgot.
I was going to write to you, but I started doing other things and forgot.
I was going to write to you, but I was too busy.
I was going too fast.
I was going upstairs, whereas Tom was going downstairs.
I was gone almost all day.
I was gone for 45 minutes.
I was gone for three hours.
I was gonna ask that same question.
I was gonna call y'all but I didn't have y'all's phone number.
I was gonna do a cartwheel, but I didn't want to steal the limelight.
I was gonna go shopping tomorrow, but I really can't be bothered.
I was gonna say a year.
I was good at cooking.
I was good at it.
I was good at kickball when I was a kid.
I was good friends with my teacher.
I was good to Tom.
I was good, wasn't I?
I was good.
I was graduating middle school.
I was grateful for the opportunity.
I was grateful.
I was great.
I was greatly disappointed at hearing the news.
I was greatly impressed by the speech.
I was greatly moved by her kindness.
I was greatly relieved to hear that Mary had survived the fall without injury.
I was greatly surprised to see so many elderly people.
I was green with envy.
I was greeted by Tom.
I was greeted on the coast by a wonderful sunset.
I was greeted with a slightly sad morning.
I was growing.
I was guided by my instincts.
I was guilty of a slip of memory.
I was gullible.
I was half asleep by the time I got home.
I was half asleep when I went home.
I was half asleep.
I was half expecting this to happen.
I was half right.
I was halfway through doing my homework when Tom dropped by.
I was halfway to Boston when my car broke down.
I was hammered.
I was handcuffed.
I was handed a glass and told to drink its contents.
I was handed a note when I entered the gate.
I was handsome.
I was hanging out with the bad crowd.
I was happy I did that.
I was happy I was able to see Tom.
I was happy and sad at the same time.
I was happy back then.
I was happy before the marriage.
I was happy for Tom.
I was happy for her unexpected visit.
I was happy for her.
I was happy for him.
I was happy for the first time in my life.
I was happy for them.
I was happy he stopped by to see me.
I was happy here until you broke my heart.
I was happy that I could see him.
I was happy that I was able to see Tom.
I was happy that for the first time in a while, I got to talk with someone I had missed.
I was happy that it happened.
I was happy that my dad was proud of me.
I was happy that she took my side.
I was happy that you did that the way I asked you to do it.
I was happy that you did that the way I wanted you to do it.
I was happy then.
I was happy there.
I was happy till now.
I was happy till that time.
I was happy to be able to help Mary buy what she needed.
I was happy to be able to help Tom and Mary buy what they needed.
I was happy to be able to help Tom buy what he needed.
I was happy to be home again.
I was happy to be there.
I was happy to buy that for you.
I was happy to come back.
I was happy to do anything.
I was happy to do it, Tom.
I was happy to do so.
I was happy to do that for you.
I was happy to find that they agreed to my plan.
I was happy to hear Tom wasn't injured.
I was happy to hear that Tom wasn't injured.
I was happy to hear the news.
I was happy to help you.
I was happy to help.
I was happy to know he was well.
I was happy to know that about you.
I was happy to leave.
I was happy to oblige.
I was happy to pass the exam.
I was happy to receive my paycheck.
I was happy to see Tom go.
I was happy to see Tom there.
I was happy to see Tom.
I was happy to see her again.
I was happy to see her go.
I was happy to see her.
I was happy to see him go.
I was happy to see him.
I was happy to see people having fun and loving one another.
I was happy to see that.
I was happy to see them go.
I was happy to sell it.
I was happy to wake up to the aroma of coffee brewing.
I was happy tonight.
I was happy until you broke my heart.
I was happy when it was over.
I was happy when they doubled my salary.
I was happy with her.
I was happy with how the meeting went.
I was happy with how things turned out.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with the results.
I was happy with the way things turned out.
I was happy with you.
I was happy yesterday.
I was happy you did that the way I asked you to.
I was happy you did that the way I wanted you to.
I was happy, wasn't I?
I was happy.
I was hard on myself.
I was hardly able to see her.
I was hardly able to see him.
I was hardly able to see it.
I was hardly able to see them.
I was hardly prepared.
I was hardly surprised.
I was harried by mosquitoes last night.
I was haunted by the vision at the window.
I was having a bad day.
I was having a bath when he arrived.
I was having a bath when the phone rang.
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.
I was having a bath.
I was having a dream.
I was having a good time.
I was having a hard time breathing.
I was having a lot of nightmares, so a friend gave me a dream-catcher.
I was having a lot of stress.
I was having a psychotic break.
I was having a psychotic episode.
I was having a shower, so I didn't hear the phone.
I was having a very good time, when the sad news came.
I was having breakfast when I saw the fire in the garden.
I was having dinner at the time.
I was having dinner when you phoned.
I was having dinner with Tom.
I was having dinner with her.
I was having dinner with him.
I was having dinner with my parents.
I was having dinner with them.
I was having dinner.
I was having doubts.
I was having fun until Tom got here.
I was having fun.
I was having lunch.
I was having my lunch when the phone rang.
I was having my lunch, when the phone rang.
I was having nightmares.
I was having palpitations.
I was having similar feelings.
I was having so much fun.
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn't want to come home.
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn’t want to come home.
I was having tea with Tom.
I was having thoughts that made my blood boil.
I was having trouble concentrating.
I was having trouble doing that.
I was having trouble sleeping.
I was heading for the station at the time.
I was heading to the gym.
I was healthy up until three years ago.
I was healthy.
I was heartbroken when I learned of his death.
I was heartbroken when I learned what happened to them.
I was heartbroken when I saw them.
I was heartbroken.
I was heavily sedated.
I was heavy.
I was held for three hours.
I was held hostage.
I was held up last night.
I was held up on my way to the hospital in a traffic jam.
I was helped by Tom.
I was helped by my father to paint the kennel.
I was helped to do my homework by my sister.
I was helped.
I was helping Tom.
I was helping him clean the bath.
I was helping out.
I was here about a year ago.
I was here all afternoon.
I was here all day Monday.
I was here all day yesterday.
I was here all day.
I was here all last week.
I was here all the time.
I was here and there, and that's why I was late.
I was here at 10 sharp, but you weren't.
I was here at 2:30.
I was here before you.
I was here but you weren't.
I was here exactly at ten o'clock, but you weren't.
I was here first.
I was here in 2013.
I was here in October.
I was here in my dream.
I was here last night.
I was here last week.
I was here last year.
I was here often.
I was here the day before yesterday.
I was here three times yesterday.
I was here two months ago.
I was here waiting for you.
I was here when Tom got here.
I was here when you came in.
I was here with Tom all day.
I was here with Tom.
I was here yesterday for three hours.
I was here yesterday, but Tom wasn't.
I was here yesterday.
I was here.
I was hesitant.
I was hidden.
I was hiding behind a tree.
I was hiding behind the curtains.
I was hiding under a tree.
I was hiding under the bed and heard everything.
I was hiding.
I was high at the time.
I was highly impressed.
I was highly involved in the Muslim community.
I was highly motivated at that time.
I was highly motivated.
I was hiking back home.
I was hiking when I felt a sharp pain in my leg.
I was hired by Tom.
I was hired by my uncle.
I was hired originally to do another job.
I was hired to help Tom write his autobiography.
I was hired to kill your friend.
I was hired to solve that problem.
I was hired.
I was his first victim.
I was his personal friend as well as his medical attendant.
I was his son's friend.
I was hissing.
I was hit all over.
I was hit by a car in Boston last month.
I was hit by a car.
I was hit by a golf ball.
I was hit by a huge chunk of meat.
I was hit by the policeman.
I was hit in the face with a rubber spider.
I was hit on the head.
I was hit twice too.
I was hit.
I was hitting the brakes.
I was hitting the slots, and before I knew it, it's this time already.
I was hitting the slots, and before I knew it, it’s this time already.
I was holding a stuffed animal.
I was holding several of my little siblings.
I was holding this for you.
I was home all day yesterday.
I was home all day.
I was home all night.
I was home alone all day.
I was home alone all night.
I was home alone last night.
I was home alone.
I was home by myself that evening.
I was home by myself.
I was home for a couple of days.
I was home last night.
I was home-schooled by my mom.
I was home-schooled.
I was home.
I was homeless at the time.
I was homeless for ten years.
I was homeless for three months.
I was homeless last year.
I was homeschooled.
I was homesick.
I was honest with her.
I was honest with him.
I was honest.
I was hooked from start to finish.
I was hopeless.
I was hoping I could get a little help.
I was hoping I could go back to the beach next weekend.
I was hoping I could help Tom and Mary do that.
I was hoping I could help Tom do that.
I was hoping I could help Tom.
I was hoping I might be able to eat at your house this evening.
I was hoping I might catch you.
I was hoping I was wrong.
I was hoping I would be out of the hospital before ski season started.
I was hoping I would end up passing my exams, and I just found out I did.
I was hoping I would run into you.
I was hoping I wouldn't cry today, but I did.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do that today.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do that.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to work on Sunday.
I was hoping I wouldn't run into Tom.
I was hoping I'd be able to do that again.
I was hoping I'd be able to do that.
I was hoping I'd find you here.
I was hoping I'd get a raise.
I was hoping I'd get paid for doing that.
I was hoping I'd make the team.
I was hoping I'd meet you.
I was hoping I'd see Tom again.
I was hoping I'd see Tom here.
I was hoping I'd see her again.
I was hoping I'd see him again.
I was hoping I'd see them again.
I was hoping I'd see you again.
I was hoping I'd see you here tonight.
I was hoping I'd see you here.
I was hoping I'd see you.
I was hoping Mary wouldn't ask me to help her do that.
I was hoping Tom and Mary wouldn't ask me to help them do that.
I was hoping Tom could do that for me.
I was hoping Tom could do that with me.
I was hoping Tom could do that.
I was hoping Tom could lend me some money.
I was hoping Tom knew what we were supposed to do.
I was hoping Tom would ask me to do that.
I was hoping Tom would ask me to sing.
I was hoping Tom would ask that.
I was hoping Tom would be able to help us.
I was hoping Tom would be here.
I was hoping Tom would be more cooperative.
I was hoping Tom would be next.
I was hoping Tom would come here today.
I was hoping Tom would do that for me.
I was hoping Tom would do that for us.
I was hoping Tom would do that with us.
I was hoping Tom would do that.
I was hoping Tom would forget about that.
I was hoping Tom would forget to come.
I was hoping Tom would forget to do that.
I was hoping Tom would forget.
I was hoping Tom would go home.
I was hoping Tom would have time to come over and help us move the piano.
I was hoping Tom would help me load the truck.
I was hoping Tom would help us.
I was hoping Tom would resign.
I was hoping Tom would say that.
I was hoping Tom would show me how to do that.
I was hoping Tom would want to do that.
I was hoping Tom would win.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help Mary do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help Mary.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help him do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help him.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't be at the meeting.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't be busy.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't be here.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't buy that car.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't go to Australia.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't go to Boston.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't see me doing that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't tell me to do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't win.
I was hoping for a different result.
I was hoping for a higher salary.
I was hoping for a little more support.
I was hoping for a little sympathy.
I was hoping for more than this.
I was hoping for more.
I was hoping for something a little more helpful.
I was hoping for something a little more useful.
I was hoping for sympathy.
I was hoping for the same thing.
I was hoping it was a joke.
I was hoping it would last.
I was hoping it would sort itself out.
I was hoping it would take care of itself.
I was hoping maybe you could talk to Tom.
I was hoping that I could go back to the beach next weekend.
I was hoping that I'd find you here.
I was hoping that I'd get a raise.
I was hoping that Tom could do that.
I was hoping that Tom would be next.
I was hoping that Tom would do that for me.
I was hoping that Tom would do that.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't ask me to help Mary do that.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't be here.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't do that.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't go to Australia.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't see me doing that.
I was hoping that it was a joke.
I was hoping that someone would help me do this.
I was hoping that someone would help me.
I was hoping that that would happen.
I was hoping that this would happen.
I was hoping that this wouldn't happen.
I was hoping that we could do that together.
I was hoping that we could do that tomorrow with you.
I was hoping that we could do that tomorrow.
I was hoping that we could eat out this evening.
I was hoping that we could keep this secret.
I was hoping that we would find something to eat in the fridge.
I was hoping that would happen.
I was hoping that you and I could get together this afternoon.
I was hoping that you could do it for me.
I was hoping that you could do that.
I was hoping that you could give me a hand.
I was hoping that you could help me.
I was hoping that you might know.
I was hoping that you were awake.
I was hoping that you wouldn't buy anything else.
I was hoping that you wouldn't do that.
I was hoping that you wouldn't find out.
I was hoping that you'd answer a few questions.
I was hoping that you'd be awake.
I was hoping that you'd help me.
I was hoping that you'd know the answer.
I was hoping that you'd sing for us.
I was hoping that you'd sing with us.
I was hoping the ice cream wouldn't melt so quickly.
I was hoping they'd forget.
I was hoping this would happen.
I was hoping this would never happen.
I was hoping this wouldn't happen again.
I was hoping this wouldn't happen.
I was hoping to avoid discussing last year's dispute, but Monica is still holding a grudge.
I was hoping to catch Tom there.
I was hoping to change Tom's mind.
I was hoping to do as well as Tom did.
I was hoping to do that with you.
I was hoping to do that.
I was hoping to find Tom there.
I was hoping to find a more in-depth analysis of the data.
I was hoping to find you here.
I was hoping to find you.
I was hoping to get some feedback.
I was hoping to go fishing today, but something came up.
I was hoping to go fishing today.
I was hoping to hear from you.
I was hoping to learn a lot.
I was hoping to meet Tom there.
I was hoping to meet a friend of mine here.
I was hoping to meet you there.
I was hoping to raise my children in Australia.
I was hoping to raise my kids in Australia.
I was hoping to raise my kids in Boston.
I was hoping to receive an e-mail from Tom today.
I was hoping to run into you.
I was hoping to see Tom again before I leave for Australia.
I was hoping to see Tom again.
I was hoping to see Tom.
I was hoping to see her again.
I was hoping to surprise Tom.
I was hoping to surprise her.
I was hoping to surprise him.
I was hoping to surprise them.
I was hoping to surprise you.
I was hoping to talk to Tom.
I was hoping to talk to you about what needs to be done.
I was hoping to win.
I was hoping today would be sunny.
I was hoping we could do that for you.
I was hoping we could do that together.
I was hoping we could do that tomorrow with you.
I was hoping we could do that tomorrow.
I was hoping we could do this without Tom.
I was hoping we could eat early tonight.
I was hoping we could eat out this evening.
I was hoping we could eat together.
I was hoping we could get to know each other better.
I was hoping we could help each other.
I was hoping we could keep this secret.
I was hoping we could play tennis this afternoon.
I was hoping we could sing together.
I was hoping we could speak alone.
I was hoping we could still be friends.
I was hoping we could talk alone for a minute.
I was hoping we could talk.
I was hoping we could travel together.
I was hoping we wouldn't have to do that.
I was hoping we wouldn't have to go.
I was hoping we wouldn't need to do that.
I was hoping you and I could do that together.
I was hoping you and I could get to know each other better.
I was hoping you and I could get together this afternoon.
I was hoping you and I could talk.
I was hoping you could do it for me.
I was hoping you could do it.
I was hoping you could do that for me.
I was hoping you could do that with me.
I was hoping you could do that.
I was hoping you could give me a hand.
I was hoping you could give me some advice.
I was hoping you could help me.
I was hoping you could help.
I was hoping you could talk to Tom.
I was hoping you could tell me how to do this.
I was hoping you could tell me where Tom and Mary are.
I was hoping you could tell me where Tom is.
I was hoping you could tell me.
I was hoping you had something to say to me.
I was hoping you learned something.
I was hoping you might be able to show me how to do this.
I was hoping you might be able to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
I was hoping you might be able to tell me where Tom is.
I was hoping you might have seen how it happened.
I was hoping you were awake.
I was hoping you would help me.
I was hoping you would know Tom's address.
I was hoping you would want to get to know our friends.
I was hoping you wouldn't buy anything else.
I was hoping you wouldn't do that.
I was hoping you wouldn't find out about what happened.
I was hoping you wouldn't find out.
I was hoping you wouldn't make me ever say this to you again.
I was hoping you'd ask that.
I was hoping you'd ask.
I was hoping you'd be able to babysit for us next Monday evening.
I was hoping you'd be able to help me.
I was hoping you'd be awake.
I was hoping you'd be here today.
I was hoping you'd be here.
I was hoping you'd be more cooperative.
I was hoping you'd be reasonable.
I was hoping you'd be there.
I was hoping you'd come back.
I was hoping you'd consider my request.
I was hoping you'd consider working for us.
I was hoping you'd do that.
I was hoping you'd find something.
I was hoping you'd help me.
I was hoping you'd know what to do with Tom.
I was hoping you'd know.
I was hoping you'd let me buy you a drink.
I was hoping you'd let me buy you a slice of pizza.
I was hoping you'd say something like that.
I was hoping you'd say that.
I was hoping you'd show me how to do that.
I was hoping you'd sing for us.
I was hoping you'd sing with us.
I was hoping you'd stay for another week.
I was hoping you'd tell me what you wanted me to do.
I was hoping you'd tell me.
I was hoping you'd volunteer.
I was hoping you’d say that.
I was horrible.
I was horrified by what I saw.
I was horrified by what happened.
I was horrified by what she had said.
I was horrified.
I was hospitalized for a month around the spring of 1995. Doctors had to make a tomographic scan of my brain.
I was hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
I was hot, so I opened the window.
I was hot, so I switched on the fan.
I was hot.
I was humiliated in front of everyone by Tom.
I was humiliated in public.
I was humiliated.
I was hungry and angry.
I was hungry and so I asked Tom to make me something to eat.
I was hungry and so I went to a restaurant.
I was hungry and thirsty.
I was hungry and wanted something to eat.
I was hungry and you gave me something to eat.
I was hungry and you've given me something to eat.
I was hungry but there was no fruit or ice cream for me.
I was hungry by the time the plane took off.
I was hungry by the time we took off.
I was hungry enough to eat anything.
I was hungry for a banana.
I was hungry like a wolf.
I was hungry when I got home, but I was too tired to cook anything.
I was hungry, so I ate it.
I was hungry, so I ate lunch at about 11 o'clock.
I was hungry, so I ate.
I was hungry, so I made something to eat.
I was hungry.
I was hunting.
I was hurt and upset.
I was hurt by Tom.
I was hurt by many people.
I was hurt by what happened.
I was hurt.
I was hurting.
I was hypnotised.
I was hypnotized.
I was identified.
I was ignorant of his plan.
I was ignorant of your plan.
I was ignorant that he was present.
I was ignored by the waiter.
I was ill and I have recovered.
I was ill and had to stay at home.
I was ill at ease because I didn't speak French.
I was ill at ease because I didn’t speak French.
I was ill at the time.
I was ill for weeks after.
I was ill last week.
I was ill yesterday but I am feeling fine today!
I was ill yesterday.
I was ill, otherwise I would have attended the meeting.
I was ill, otherwise I would've attended the meeting.
I was ill, so I couldn't come to your place.
I was ill.
I was imagining my future.
I was imagining things.
I was immediately arrested.
I was immediately concerned.
I was immediately smitten by him.
I was immersed in Berber.
I was immersed in the happy atmosphere of the occasion.
I was impatient for her arrival.
I was impatient for the game to start.
I was impatient with fear of missing last train.
I was impolite.
I was impressed Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I was impressed Tom was able to do that.
I was impressed by Tom's courage.
I was impressed by Tom's courtesy.
I was impressed by Tom's honesty.
I was impressed by Tom's performance.
I was impressed by Tom's skill.
I was impressed by his extensive knowledge.
I was impressed by his general detachment from others.
I was impressed by his magic tricks.
I was impressed by his music.
I was impressed by how generous everyone was.
I was impressed by how well Tom could speak French.
I was impressed by the array of options.
I was impressed by the general knowledge of Japanese students.
I was impressed by the how well Tom did that.
I was impressed by the new MP3 player.
I was impressed by the quality of the steak at Adriano's restaurant.
I was impressed by the way Tom did that.
I was impressed by the way Tom spoke French.
I was impressed by the way you did that.
I was impressed by what I saw.
I was impressed by what Tom did.
I was impressed by what Tom said.
I was impressed on how well Tom could speak French.
I was impressed when I saw Tom doing that.
I was impressed with Tom's French.
I was impressed with Tom's report.
I was impressed with Tom's work.
I was impressed with Tom.
I was impressed with her work.
I was impressed with his piloting skills.
I was impressed with the skill and grace with which the workers operated the heavy machinery.
I was impressed with what I saw.
I was impressed.
I was imprisoned.
I was in Africa.
I was in Algeria for a week.
I was in Algeria for four weeks.
I was in Algeria for several years.
I was in Algeria when I was a communist.
I was in Algeria, working on a novel.
I was in Algeria.
I was in Australia a couple of weeks ago.
I was in Australia about a month ago.
I was in Australia again last month.
I was in Australia all last month.
I was in Australia all last year.
I was in Australia almost all summer.
I was in Australia at that time.
I was in Australia at the time.
I was in Australia for a few days last month.
I was in Australia for a few weeks.
I was in Australia for a long time.
I was in Australia for almost the entire summer.
I was in Australia for almost the whole summer.
I was in Australia for the entire summer.
I was in Australia for three months last year.
I was in Australia for three months.
I was in Australia for three weeks last month.
I was in Australia for three weeks.
I was in Australia for three years.
I was in Australia in 2013.
I was in Australia in October of last year.
I was in Australia in October.
I was in Australia just last week.
I was in Australia last Monday.
I was in Australia last month.
I was in Australia last spring.
I was in Australia last summer for three days.
I was in Australia last summer.
I was in Australia last week with my wife.
I was in Australia last week.
I was in Australia last winter.
I was in Australia last year.
I was in Australia most of last summer.
I was in Australia most of the summer.
I was in Australia on Christmas Day.
I was in Australia on October 20th.
I was in Australia once.
I was in Australia recently.
I was in Australia three months ago.
I was in Australia three weeks ago.
I was in Australia three years ago.
I was in Australia when I was in high school.
I was in Australia when Tom died.
I was in Australia when Tom was arrested.
I was in Australia when Tom was murdered.
I was in Australia when it happened.
I was in Australia when that happened.
I was in Australia with Tom.
I was in Australia with her.
I was in Australia with him.
I was in Australia with them.
I was in Australia, too.
I was in Australia.
I was in Berber class.
I was in Boston a couple of weeks ago.
I was in Boston about a month ago.
I was in Boston again last week.
I was in Boston all day.
I was in Boston all last month.
I was in Boston all weekend.
I was in Boston almost all summer.
I was in Boston at that time.
I was in Boston for a few days last month.
I was in Boston for a few days.
I was in Boston for a long time.
I was in Boston for a time.
I was in Boston for almost the entire summer.
I was in Boston for almost the whole summer.
I was in Boston for the entire summer.
I was in Boston for three months.
I was in Boston for three weeks.
I was in Boston for three years.
I was in Boston in 2013.
I was in Boston in May of last year.
I was in Boston in October of last year.
I was in Boston in October.
I was in Boston in the summer of 2013.
I was in Boston just last week.
I was in Boston last May.
I was in Boston last Monday.
I was in Boston last month.
I was in Boston last spring.
I was in Boston last summer for three days.
I was in Boston last summer.
I was in Boston last week with my wife.
I was in Boston last week.
I was in Boston last weekend.
I was in Boston last winter.
I was in Boston last year on October 20th.
I was in Boston last year.
I was in Boston less than a month ago.
I was in Boston most of last summer.
I was in Boston most of the summer.
I was in Boston on Christmas Day.
I was in Boston on October 20th.
I was in Boston once.
I was in Boston recently.
I was in Boston the night Tom and Mary were murdered.
I was in Boston the night Tom was murdered.
I was in Boston three months ago.
I was in Boston three weeks ago.
I was in Boston three winters ago.
I was in Boston three years ago.
I was in Boston today.
I was in Boston two weeks ago.
I was in Boston when I was in high school.
I was in Boston when Tom and Mary were arrested.
I was in Boston when Tom died.
I was in Boston when Tom was arrested.
I was in Boston when it happened.
I was in Boston when that happened.
I was in Boston yesterday.
I was in Boston, but not for very long.
I was in Boston, but not very long.
I was in Boston, too.
I was in Boston.
I was in Canada then.
I was in China last year.
I was in Copenhagen during the holidays.
I was in Dublin and I watched Sinéad O'Connor make the shahada.
I was in Egypt.
I was in French class when the tornado hit.
I was in Goa but I didn't learn any Konkani.
I was in Hamburg.
I was in Iran.
I was in Japan for a month on vacation, and it was wonderful.
I was in Kabylie for a couple of weeks.
I was in Kabylie for a week or two.
I was in Kabylie for close to three weeks.
I was in Kabylie for four days in 2018.
I was in Kabylie for four days.
I was in Kabylie for four weeks.
I was in Kabylie last night.
I was in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was in Kabylie.
I was in Kyoto twice.
I was in London for almost all the summer.
I was in London for almost the entire summer.
I was in London for almost the whole summer.
I was in London for most of the summer.
I was in London last month.
I was in London most of the summer.
I was in London.
I was in New York for a few days.
I was in New York when it happened.
I was in Paris for three months.
I was in Paris twice last year.
I was in Paris with my husband.
I was in Paris with my wife.
I was in Potsdam last week.
I was in Rome.
I was in SÃ£o Paulo in February.
I was in São Paulo in February.
I was in Tokyo yesterday.
I was in a YouTube spiral and didn't get any work done.
I was in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
I was in a bad mood.
I was in a band.
I was in a bar near my house.
I was in a better mood three hours ago.
I was in a big hurry.
I was in a bit of a hurry.
I was in a car accident.
I was in a coffee bar soaking in the atmosphere.
I was in a coma for three months.
I was in a coma for three years.
I was in a coma.
I was in a comic book shop yesterday.
I was in a dark spot at the time.
I was in a few of the pictures.
I was in a fight.
I was in a good mood until Tom got here.
I was in a good mood.
I was in a good position to see the parade.
I was in a great hurry to take the first train.
I was in a great mood.
I was in a hotel lobby.
I was in a hurry and fell down the stairs.
I was in a hurry in order not to miss the train.
I was in a hurry to get home.
I was in a hurry.
I was in a lot of pain and not really able to move freely.
I was in a lot of pain for a couple of days.
I was in a lot of pain.
I was in a nightclub.
I was in a plane crash.
I was in a quandary.
I was in a rage against those whom you quote and who work hard for their magnates.
I was in a rush to get home.
I was in a rush when I typed it up, so there must be plenty of errors, including grammatical ones.
I was in a rush.
I was in a similar situation.
I was in a state of alert.
I was in a state of panic.
I was in a stoned state.
I was in a taxi driving east along the street.
I was in a total panic.
I was in a truck.
I was in agony.
I was in all day.
I was in an Algerian province called Bejaia.
I was in an IAA meeting.
I was in an accident.
I was in an agony of discomfort.
I was in an awkward situation.
I was in an isolated area.
I was in another universe at the time.
I was in awe of Tom's courage.
I was in awe of the artistry on display.
I was in bad shape.
I was in bed all day long yesterday.
I was in bed already.
I was in bed but not yet asleep when Tom called.
I was in bed by nine.
I was in bed when the earthquake hit.
I was in bed when you phoned.
I was in bed with the flu.
I was in bed.
I was in better shape back then.
I was in big trouble.
I was in charge.
I was in command.
I was in control.
I was in crisis.
I was in danger of losing my life.
I was in denial of being an emo kid.
I was in despair!
I was in disbelief.
I was in entire ignorance of what had happened.
I was in excellent spirits.
I was in fact thirty-one at the time.
I was in favor of going and they were in favor of staying.
I was in fear.
I was in fourth grade when I gave a girl a real kiss and spoke to her about our common future.
I was in full control of myself.
I was in full paranoia mode.
I was in good spirits.
I was in great pain.
I was in heaven.
I was in high school back then.
I was in high school.
I was in hospital a few days ago.
I was in hospital for a week.
I was in hospital last week.
I was in hospital.
I was in hot pursuit of the scooter when I cycled down the boulevard.
I was in indescribable pain.
I was in jail.
I was in labor with Skura.
I was in love a long time ago.
I was in love once.
I was in love with Tom once.
I was in love with Tom when I was a teenager.
I was in love with her once.
I was in love with him once.
I was in love with this picture the moment I saw it. It's a masterpiece.
I was in love with you once.
I was in love with you.
I was in love.
I was in middle school.
I was in my apartment.
I was in my bedroom.
I was in my car.
I was in my early teens when I first met Tom.
I was in my hospital room.
I was in my office all day.
I was in my office all morning.
I was in my office at that time.
I was in my room and didn't hear what was happening in the living room.
I was in my room studying.
I was in my room, brooding over the missed opportunity.
I was in my room.
I was in my thirties at that time.
I was in my thirties back then.
I was in my thirties when that happened.
I was in need of books to learn English.
I was in no hurry to do that.
I was in no hurry.
I was in no mood to do that.
I was in one of my deeply depressive states.
I was in pain for a couple of days.
I was in pain.
I was in pretty bad shape.
I was in prison for three years when I was in my thirties.
I was in prison for three years.
I was in prison.
I was in school yesterday morning.
I was in school.
I was in serious pain.
I was in shock.
I was in such a hurry that I forgot to lock the door.
I was in such a hurry that I left my bag behind.
I was in such a hurry this morning that I went out leaving the TV on.
I was in tears when I listened to the Quran.
I was in terrible pain.
I was in that house. A friend of mine lives there.
I was in that room.
I was in that war.
I was in the area, so I thought I'd drop by.
I was in the area.
I was in the army once.
I was in the army.
I was in the audience.
I was in the back of a van.
I was in the back seat.
I was in the basement when the doorbell rang, so I didn't hear it.
I was in the bath and didn't hear the phone.
I was in the bath when he arrived.
I was in the bath when the phone rang.
I was in the bath, so I didn't hear the phone.
I was in the bath, with the result that I didn’t hear the telephone.
I was in the bath.
I was in the bathroom.
I was in the cabin all night.
I was in the car.
I was in the countryside.
I was in the crop duster crash in 2003.
I was in the east of the country when the crime occurred.
I was in the forest.
I was in the front seat.
I was in the garden all afternoon, pulling weeds.
I was in the garden all afternoon.
I was in the garden yesterday.
I was in the gym.
I was in the hallway on the second floor of the hospital.
I was in the hallway.
I was in the hospital a few days ago.
I was in the hospital for a few days.
I was in the hospital for a week.
I was in the hospital for three weeks.
I was in the hospital last week.
I was in the hospital.
I was in the house when that happened.
I was in the house.
I was in the kitchen making food.
I was in the kitchen, cooking dinner.
I was in the library.
I was in the living room.
I was in the middle of my dinner when the phone rang.
I was in the middle of my holiday.
I was in the middle of reading when I had a call from her.
I was in the middle of something.
I was in the middle of the road.
I was in the middle of the woods.
I was in the mood for sentimentality.
I was in the mosque.
I was in the mountains.
I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd drop by.
I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd drop in for a visit.
I was in the neighborhood and thought that I'd drop by.
I was in the neighborhood, so I thought I'd drop by and say hello.
I was in the ninth grade last year.
I was in the park, playing on the swings, when a stranger came up to her and offered her some candy.
I was in the pool yesterday.
I was in the right place at the right time.
I was in the right place, at the right time.
I was in the room.
I was in the same hospital as Tom.
I was in the shop.
I was in the shower when the phone rang.
I was in the shower, so I didn't hear the phone.
I was in the shower.
I was in the sun too much; I burned.
I was in the teacher's room.
I was in the third year of middle school last year.
I was in the top of my class.
I was in the train for twelve hours.
I was in the truck.
I was in the village then.
I was in the village.
I was in the waiting room.
I was in the water.
I was in the wilderness.
I was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I was in the wrong.
I was in time for the last bus.
I was in time for the train.
I was in total shock.
I was in trouble with the police last night.
I was in trouble.
I was in turmoil.
I was in unfamiliar territory.
I was in very good company.
I was in way over my head.
I was inches away from her when she died.
I was inclined to believe Tom.
I was incredibly bored.
I was incredibly grateful to have him on my side.
I was incredibly lazy when I was a kid.
I was incredibly lucky.
I was incredibly unlucky.
I was indecisive.
I was indifferent.
I was indiscreet.
I was indoctrinated to hate religion.
I was infected.
I was informed of his failure in the examination.
I was informed that they had gone on strike.
I was informed.
I was initially sceptical.
I was initially skeptical.
I was injured in a car accident.
I was injured while I was skiing.
I was injured.
I was insanely jealous.
I was insecure.
I was inside the house.
I was inside the pizza shop.
I was inside the plane.
I was inside, waiting.
I was inspired by Tom's example.
I was inspired by Tom's speech.
I was inspired by Tom.
I was inspired by what Tom did.
I was inspired by what Tom said.
I was inspired by your idea.
I was inspired.
I was instantly attracted to her.
I was instantly smitten with her—her face, her personality—and wanted to stay with her forever. And I'm really worried about how I can get together with her and how I can prevent other guys from getting to her. Could you please assist me in making this love a reality and making her fall in love with me as well?
I was insulted in front of other people.
I was insulted.
I was insulting Linda.
I was intelligent.
I was interested in Berber music.
I was interested in doing that, but I tried not to show it.
I was interested in him because his paintings really impressed me.
I was interested in linguistics many years ago.
I was interested in seeing the city.
I was interested in your remark.
I was interested to hear that Arturo quit his job. — I, on the other hand, was surprised to hear it.
I was interested.
I was interrogated by the police.
I was interrogated.
I was interrupted by Tom during my speech.
I was interrupted by Tom.
I was interviewed by state authorities.
I was interviewed for a job.
I was interviewing the suspects.
I was intimidated by Tom.
I was into them before they got cool.
I was into them before they were cool.
I was intoxicated.
I was intrigued by the pathos in your work.
I was intrigued.
I was introduced to Tom.
I was introduced to a guy called Tom.
I was introduced to the young gentleman who was to be my roommate.
I was invited by Skura.
I was invited by Tom.
I was invited by an old friend.
I was invited last week as well, but it was late so I regretfully turned them down.
I was invited on a date with someone who, whilst I don't dislike, am not in love with. What should I do?
I was invited to Australia.
I was invited to Boston.
I was invited to Sachiko's party.
I was invited to Sachiko’s party.
I was invited to Tom's party.
I was invited to a party hosted by Tom.
I was invited to a party yesterday.
I was invited to a pizza party.
I was invited to an expensive Chinese restaurant.
I was invited to be the jury in that competition.
I was invited to dinner by her.
I was invited to dinner.
I was invited to go abroad, but I don't want to.
I was invited to her birthday party.
I was invited to his wedding.
I was invited to leave for abroad, but I didn't want to go.
I was invited to lunch.
I was invited to the opening ceremony.
I was invited to the party.
I was invited to the village.
I was invited to their wedding.
I was invited.
I was involuntarily shot up with lorazepam and chlorpromazine.
I was involved in a petty argument.
I was involved in a traffic accident.
I was involved in the quarrel.
I was involved in the trouble.
I was involved.
I was irked.
I was irresponsible.
I was irritated by his indecision.
I was irritated by his statements.
I was irritated by the noise.
I was irritated by what Tom did.
I was irritated when I crossed paths with him.
I was irritated with her.
I was itching for him to finish his talk.
I was jealous of Tom.
I was jealous of her.
I was jealous of my brother.
I was jealous of you.
I was jealous.
I was jeered.
I was jogging the direction of the camper.
I was joking.
I was jumping.
I was just a few feet from the campfire.
I was just a few feet from the tent.
I was just a kid back then.
I was just a kid then.
I was just a kid when that happened.
I was just a little boy back then.
I was just a little indignant.
I was just a little kid then.
I was just a means to your financial end.
I was just a three-year-old child!
I was just about to ask Tom about that.
I was just about to ask Tom that.
I was just about to ask Tom the same thing.
I was just about to ask you the same question.
I was just about to call 911.
I was just about to call Tom.
I was just about to call you, but you beat me to it.
I was just about to call you, but you've beaten me to it.
I was just about to call you.
I was just about to come and give you these shoes.
I was just about to come looking for you.
I was just about to dial his number when he walked through the door.
I was just about to do it.
I was just about to do that.
I was just about to do the same thing.
I was just about to eat.
I was just about to explain when she interrupted me.
I was just about to get started any-how.
I was just about to give you a bell, but you beat me to it.
I was just about to give you a bell, but you've beaten me to it.
I was just about to go check on that.
I was just about to go for a walk.
I was just about to go home.
I was just about to go out shopping when you telephoned.
I was just about to go out when it began to rain hard.
I was just about to go out when it started raining.
I was just about to go out when the phone rang.
I was just about to go out, when the bell rang.
I was just about to go to bed when he phoned me.
I was just about to go to bed when the phone rang.
I was just about to go to bed.
I was just about to knock when the door opened.
I was just about to leave the house when Mom called me. I picked up the phone and we talked to the bus stop.
I was just about to leave the house when it started to rain.
I was just about to leave the house when the phone rang.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
I was just about to leave when Tom arrived.
I was just about to leave when it started raining.
I was just about to leave when the bomb exploded.
I was just about to leave when the bomb went off.
I was just about to leave when the phone rang.
I was just about to leave when the telephone rang.
I was just about to leave.
I was just about to make the same comment.
I was just about to phone you, but you beat me to it.
I was just about to phone you, but you've beaten me to it.
I was just about to proofread my email.
I was just about to ring you, but you beat me to it.
I was just about to ring you, but you've beaten me to it.
I was just about to say that.
I was just about to say the same thing.
I was just about to start doing that.
I was just about to take a bath.
I was just about to tell you about that.
I was just about to tell you that I solved the problem.
I was just about to throw in the towel.
I was just along for the ride.
I was just angry.
I was just arriving when she left.
I was just as surprised as Tom and Mary were.
I was just as surprised as Tom was.
I was just as surprised as Tom.
I was just as surprised as you were.
I was just asking a question.
I was just asking for no particular reason.
I was just asking myself these many questions when Tom came to see me.
I was just asking to be polite.
I was just at the company meeting, where the new business plan was approved.
I was just at the post office.
I was just being friendly.
I was just being honest.
I was just being hospitable.
I was just being nice.
I was just being polite.
I was just blowing off steam.
I was just breathing.
I was just calling to say hi.
I was just catching up on paperwork.
I was just challenging Tom.
I was just chatting the entire night.
I was just closing the gate when it was pushed open again from the other side.
I was just closing up.
I was just coming to get you.
I was just coming to see you.
I was just confused.
I was just crying.
I was just curious.
I was just day-dreaming.
I was just daydreaming.
I was just devastated.
I was just disconnected all of a sudden, damn connection problems.
I was just doing my duty.
I was just doing my job.
I was just doing some reading.
I was just doing some research.
I was just doing that.
I was just doing the dishes.
I was just doing what Tom asked me to do.
I was just doing what Tom told me to do.
I was just doing what had to be done.
I was just doing what needed to be done.
I was just drawing pictures, I had no further intention.
I was just dumbfounded.
I was just dumfounded.
I was just eating lunch.
I was just eating when you rang.
I was just enjoying myself.
I was just finishing sewing the hem of the skirt yesterday.
I was just finishing up.
I was just following orders.
I was just fooling around.
I was just fortunate.
I was just getting dressed for work.
I was just getting ready for bed.
I was just getting ready to do that.
I was just getting ready to go, too.
I was just getting ready to leave.
I was just getting ready to write Tom a message asking him where he was when he walked in the door.
I was just getting started.
I was just going for a walk there.
I was just going home.
I was just going out, when it began to rain.
I was just going to ask you about that.
I was just going to ask you the same question.
I was just going to ask you the same thing.
I was just going to call a cab.
I was just going to call you.
I was just going to do it for you.
I was just going to do that for you.
I was just going to do that.
I was just going to express an opinion, when he cut in.
I was just going to get some lunch.
I was just going to get something to eat.
I was just going to leave home.
I was just going to make an appointment with my GP, but all I could get was the answerphone. Surgery hours end at midday on Fridays. It's now gone two.
I was just going to say that what's cool about it.
I was just going to say that.
I was just going to scare Tom.
I was just going to suggest that you do that.
I was just going to suggest that you sing.
I was just going to work.
I was just going to write a letter when he came home.
I was just going to write a letter.
I was just gonna do it for you.
I was just guessing.
I was just hanging out with some of my friends.
I was just having a dream.
I was just having a good time.
I was just having a little fun.
I was just having fun.
I was just having lunch.
I was just heading off to the fair.
I was just heading out.
I was just helping you remember how it's said.
I was just here yesterday.
I was just horsing around.
I was just in Australia last week.
I was just in Australia.
I was just in Boston last week.
I was just in Boston.
I was just in a bad mood.
I was just in the neighborhood.
I was just in the right place at the right time.
I was just in the shower.
I was just in time for class.
I was just in time for the flight.
I was just in time for the last train.
I was just in time.
I was just joking around.
I was just joking with you.
I was just joking.
I was just kidding when I said that.
I was just kidding.
I was just leaving home then.
I was just leaving, when the telephone rang.
I was just leaving.
I was just letting off steam.
I was just like Tom when I was his age.
I was just like Tom.
I was just like that.
I was just listening to the surroundings.
I was just looking around.
I was just looking at Tom.
I was just looking at your holiday snaps.
I was just looking for Tom.
I was just looking for a job.
I was just looking for her.
I was just looking for him.
I was just looking for them.
I was just looking for you guys.
I was just looking for you.
I was just looking out for Tom.
I was just looking out for her.
I was just looking out for him.
I was just looking out for them.
I was just looking out for you.
I was just looking out the window.
I was just looking.
I was just lucky.
I was just lying in the dark and thinking.
I was just making a general statement.
I was just making a suggestion.
I was just making conversation.
I was just making sure.
I was just meditating, when my brother suddenly burst into the room.
I was just messing around.
I was just messing with Tom.
I was just messing with you.
I was just minding my own business when Tom started yelling at me.
I was just minding my own business.
I was just mugged.
I was just nervous.
I was just now thinking about that problem.
I was just now thinking about you.
I was just on my way to see you.
I was just on my way.
I was just one of them.
I was just out there.
I was just overwhelmed.
I was just passing by.
I was just passing through town.
I was just playing around.
I was just playing basketball.
I was just playing for time.
I was just playing!
I was just pointing out a problem I thought you hadn't notice.
I was just pointing out a problem that I thought you hadn't notice.
I was just pointing out the wrong flag.
I was just pretending I was enjoying myself.
I was just pretending I was rich.
I was just pretending I was sleeping.
I was just pulling your leg.
I was just reading a book.
I was just reading the newspaper.
I was just reading.
I was just really lucky.
I was just relaxing.
I was just remembering.
I was just resting my eyes.
I was just returning from college and I was in your neighbourhood. So I thought I would drop by for a chat.
I was just saying how happy you two must be.
I was just saying the very same thing to John.
I was just saying what you said to me back.
I was just scared.
I was just seeing Tom off.
I was just sending you an e-mail!
I was just shocked.
I was just showering.
I was just sitting at home, doing nothing.
I was just speaking about how you will retire to Germany.
I was just speaking about your retirement.
I was just speaking in general, not about you specifically, but if the shoe fits, wear it.
I was just speculating.
I was just staring at the trees.
I was just starting to have fun.
I was just stretching my calves on the windowsill.
I was just stretching my legs.
I was just taking a little rest.
I was just taking a shower.
I was just talking about Tom.
I was just talking about her.
I was just talking about him.
I was just talking about them.
I was just talking about you.
I was just talking to Fadil.
I was just talking to Tom.
I was just talking to her about you.
I was just talking to her.
I was just talking to him.
I was just talking to myself.
I was just talking to your mother.
I was just talking with Tom.
I was just talking with her.
I was just talking with him.
I was just talking with them.
I was just teasing her.
I was just teasing him.
I was just teasing you.
I was just teasing.
I was just telling Tom about last night's event.
I was just telling Tom how much we enjoyed having you here.
I was just telling Tom that he should go out and buy something to eat.
I was just telling Tom what we did.
I was just there for the night.
I was just there last Monday.
I was just thinking about Tom.
I was just thinking about her.
I was just thinking about him.
I was just thinking about it yesterday.
I was just thinking about it.
I was just thinking about something you once told me.
I was just thinking about something.
I was just thinking about that.
I was just thinking about the things we used to do.
I was just thinking about them.
I was just thinking about what you told me yesterday.
I was just thinking about you yesterday.
I was just thinking about you.
I was just thinking aloud.
I was just thinking of Tom.
I was just thinking of a new job.
I was just thinking of the same thing. I'm all for that.
I was just thinking of the same thing. I’m all for that.
I was just thinking of you.
I was just thinking out loud.
I was just thinking the same thing!
I was just thinking the same thing.
I was just thinking why he didn't tell me.
I was just tidying up.
I was just tired.
I was just told that Tom and Mary were involved in a traffic accident.
I was just told that Tom was involved in a traffic accident.
I was just too young and stupid to realize I shouldn't have tried doing that.
I was just trying to be a friend.
I was just trying to be friendly.
I was just trying to be funny.
I was just trying to be helpful.
I was just trying to be nice.
I was just trying to be polite.
I was just trying to be smart.
I was just trying to be tough.
I was just trying to cheer you up.
I was just trying to do my job.
I was just trying to do that.
I was just trying to do the right thing.
I was just trying to figure out what to do.
I was just trying to figure out what's going on.
I was just trying to figure that out.
I was just trying to get some sleep.
I was just trying to help you remember how to say it.
I was just trying to help you remember this sentence.
I was just trying to help you.
I was just trying to help.
I was just trying to impress Tom.
I was just trying to impress her.
I was just trying to impress him.
I was just trying to impress you.
I was just trying to look out for you.
I was just trying to make Mary jealous.
I was just trying to make Tom jealous.
I was just trying to make you jealous.
I was just trying to make you laugh.
I was just trying to point out what the rules are.
I was just trying to protect my children.
I was just trying to protect you.
I was just trying to remember.
I was just trying to stop the fight.
I was just trying to write out some of my thoughts.
I was just unlucky.
I was just venting my anger.
I was just venting my frustration.
I was just walking out the door when I realized I hadn’t turned off the lights.
I was just walking out the door when I saw my neighbor struggling with her groceries.
I was just walking out the door when it started to rain heavily.
I was just walking out the door when my brother asked me for a ride to school.
I was just walking out the door when my phone rang loudly.
I was just walking out the door when the cat decided to run inside.
I was just walking out the door.
I was just warming up.
I was just watching this.
I was just with Tom.
I was just wondering about that.
I was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach.
I was just wondering how much it would cost to have my car washed and waxed.
I was just wondering how often this kind of thing happens.
I was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic.
I was just wondering if I could borrow three hundred dollars from you. I can pay you back next Monday.
I was just wondering if Tom and Mary have ever been over to your house for dinner.
I was just wondering if Tom could possibly be in love with Mary.
I was just wondering if Tom could possibly still be at school.
I was just wondering if Tom had ever been over to your house for dinner.
I was just wondering if Tom has ever been over to your house for dinner.
I was just wondering if any of you are planning to go to our high school reunion this weekend.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who started the fire.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom was the one who started the fire.
I was just wondering if maybe there was some more milk in the refrigerator.
I was just wondering if you have any availability for a moment of the day to come down.
I was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us.
I was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live.
I was just wondering if you'd heard anything from Tom.
I was just wondering what kind of pets you have at home.
I was just wondering what languages you can speak.
I was just wondering why you haven't yet turned in your homework assignment.
I was just wondering why you haven’t yet turned in your homework assignment.
I was just wondering.
I was keen on classical music in my school days.
I was keeping my grandmother company.
I was keeping my nan company.
I was kept awake all night by the noise.
I was kept awake by the sound of the tent as it billowed in the breeze.
I was kept for fourteen days in the hospital.
I was kept waiting for a long time at the hospital.
I was kept waiting for an eternity.
I was kept waiting for as long as two hours.
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.
I was kept waiting in the rain for as long as ten minutes.
I was kept waiting nearly half an hour.
I was keyed up over her impending operation.
I was kicked in the back.
I was kicked off the team.
I was kicked out of class by the teacher.
I was kicked out of class.
I was kicked out of high school.
I was kicked out of his house.
I was kicked out of school on my birthday.
I was kicked out of school.
I was kicked out of the store.
I was kicked out.
I was kidding before.
I was kidding.
I was kidnapped when I was three.
I was kidnapped when I was twelve years old.
I was kidnapped.
I was killing my best friend.
I was kind of a chubby kid.
I was kind of a groupie for them.
I was kind of disappointed with it.
I was kind of expecting that to happen.
I was kind of hard on Tom.
I was kind of hard on her.
I was kind of hard on him.
I was kind of hard on them.
I was kind of hard on you.
I was kind of hoping Tom would be here.
I was kind of hoping for something else to happen.
I was kind of hoping that Tom would be here.
I was kind of hoping that we could do that today.
I was kind of hoping that we could do that.
I was kind of hoping that we wouldn't have to do this.
I was kind of hoping we could do that today.
I was kind of hoping we could do that.
I was kind of hoping we could just pick up where we left off.
I was kind of hoping we didn't have to do that.
I was kind of hoping we wouldn't have to do this.
I was kind of hoping you'd help us.
I was kind of in shock.
I was kind of irritated.
I was kind of lost.
I was kind of nervous today.
I was kind of nervous.
I was kind of scared.
I was kind of shocked.
I was kind of surprised Tom did that.
I was kind of surprised Tom didn't do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he didn't know how to do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he didn't know how to do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that.
I was kind of surprised that Tom did that.
I was kind of surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I was kind of surprised that Tom said that.
I was kind of surprised to see Tom there.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he didn't know how to do that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he didn't know how to do that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised you said that.
I was kind of upset.
I was kind of worried about that.
I was kind of worried that I might be late.
I was kind.
I was kissed goodnight.
I was knackered.
I was knocked off my feet.
I was knocked on my heels when I realised I got the job.
I was knocked on the floor.
I was knocked out.
I was knocked unconscious.
I was knocking.
I was lacking self-confidence.
I was laid off from my job due to budget cutbacks.
I was laid off.
I was laid up at home with the flu for a week.
I was last in Prague two years ago.
I was last there five years ago.
I was last.
I was late again this morning, which made my boss angry.
I was late again today.
I was late and missed most of my biology class.
I was late as a result of the train delay.
I was late as usual.
I was late because I got caught in a traffic jam.
I was late because I got stuck in a traffic jam.
I was late because I got stuck in traffic.
I was late because I had a flat tire.
I was late because I missed the bus.
I was late because I missed the train.
I was late because I overslept.
I was late because I ran out of gas.
I was late because I ran out of petrol.
I was late because I was sure that the lessons started later.
I was late because my car broke down.
I was late because of heavy traffic.
I was late because of the heavy traffic.
I was late because of the rain.
I was late because of the traffic.
I was late because of traffic.
I was late because the traffic was heavy.
I was late because the train was delayed.
I was late for class because the bus broke down.
I was late for class this morning.
I was late for class.
I was late for dinner.
I was late for my appointment.
I was late for school because it was raining hard.
I was late for school on account of an accident.
I was late for school this morning.
I was late for school three times this week.
I was late for school today.
I was late for school yesterday, too.
I was late for school yesterday.
I was late for school.
I was late for the appointment.
I was late for the bus, late for work, and got a run in my stocking.
I was late for the bus, late for work, and got a run my stockings.
I was late for the last bus.
I was late for the last train.
I was late for the meeting because of a traffic jam.
I was late for the meeting because of the traffic.
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part.
I was late for the meeting.
I was late for the train.
I was late for work because I forgot to set my alarm.
I was late for work because my alarm didn't go off.
I was late for work this morning.
I was late for work today.
I was late for work yesterday.
I was late for work.
I was late on account of an accident.
I was late to school.
I was late to the meeting because of a traffic jam.
I was late to work this morning.
I was late yesterday.
I was late, right?
I was late, so I missed flight 501.
I was late, so I missed my flight.
I was late.
I was laughed at at school today.
I was laughed at by everyone.
I was laughed at by him.
I was laughed at in school today.
I was laughed at.
I was laughed out of court.
I was laughing my head off at the way he looked.
I was laughing so hard I nearly dislocated my jaw.
I was laughing so hard my ribs hurt.
I was laughing, talking to nice people my age.
I was laughing.
I was leading.
I was learning Berber online.
I was learning Berber seriously.
I was learning Berber.
I was learning French at the time.
I was learning French for five years.
I was learning at school at this time yesterday.
I was learning the Berber language.
I was learning.
I was leaving Bejaia.
I was leaving for Paris the next morning.
I was leaving home when Tom telephoned me.
I was leaving home when he telephoned me.
I was leaving home when she telephoned me.
I was leaving home when you telephoned me.
I was leaving home, when it started to rain.
I was leaving my friends alone.
I was leaving this world without having seen many places.
I was led by curiosity.
I was led to the conclusion that we made a fatal mistake.
I was left alone.
I was left behind.
I was left out in the cold by everyone.
I was left out.
I was left speechless.
I was left to do as I pleased and make mischief.
I was left without a battery.
I was left without money.
I was lenient.
I was less than satisfied with the results.
I was let go.
I was let in.
I was letting it warm up.
I was letting the water out of the bathtub.
I was licking her ear.
I was like Tom once.
I was like Tom when I was his age.
I was like a wild beast then that had tasted blood.
I was like everyone else.
I was like her once.
I was like him once.
I was like that too, when I was younger.
I was like that when I was younger.
I was like them once.
I was like you are now.
I was like you once.
I was listening carefully.
I was listening to Berber songs.
I was listening to French music.
I was listening to Kabyle music.
I was listening to a really beautiful song yesterday.
I was listening to classical music.
I was listening to her.
I was listening to him speak Japanese.
I was listening to my iPod, so I didn't hear the fire alarm.
I was listening to the storm.
I was listening.
I was literally stunned by what I saw.
I was livid.
I was living at my uncle's.
I was living in Australia a few years ago.
I was living in Australia at the time.
I was living in Australia in 2013.
I was living in Australia three years ago.
I was living in Australia until I was thirteen years old.
I was living in Australia until I was thirteen.
I was living in Australia when I was thirteen years old.
I was living in Australia when I was thirteen.
I was living in Boston a few years ago.
I was living in Boston at that time.
I was living in Boston at the time.
I was living in Boston back then.
I was living in Boston in 2013.
I was living in Boston three years ago.
I was living in Boston until I was thirteen years old.
I was living in Boston until I was thirteen.
I was living in Boston when I was thirteen years old.
I was living in Boston when I was thirteen.
I was living in Cambodia.
I was living in Mongolia.
I was living in Paris at the time.
I was living in Qatar.
I was living in an awful house.
I was living in public spaces.
I was living in the village.
I was living life in the fast lane.
I was living on the street that year.
I was living the high life.
I was living there.
I was located.
I was locked out of my house.
I was locked out! There's got to be something fishy going on.
I was locked out! There’s got to be something fishy going on.
I was lonely since I had no one to play with.
I was lonely when I was in Australia.
I was lonely without her.
I was lonely, given I had no one to play with.
I was lonely, with nobody to play with.
I was lonely.
I was longing for something to do.
I was looking anxiously out the window.
I was looking at Skura's dog.
I was looking at Tom.
I was looking at a beautiful flower.
I was looking at a dog. However, when I looked again, it had turned into a cat.
I was looking at a pretty hen.
I was looking at her.
I was looking at him.
I was looking at old pictures.
I was looking at the dog, but, with another look, it had turned into a cat.
I was looking at the sun setting in the sea in the west.
I was looking at the young girl.
I was looking at them.
I was looking at you.
I was looking downward to the bottom of the valley.
I was looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
I was looking for Andy. You don't know where he is?
I was looking for Mary, but she found me first.
I was looking for Tom and Mary, but they found me first.
I was looking for Tom with them.
I was looking for Tom, but I didn't find him anywhere.
I was looking for Tom, but Tom found me first.
I was looking for Tom, but he found me first.
I was looking for Tom.
I was looking for a corner of heaven to shelter from the rain.
I was looking for a good Hungarian textbook.
I was looking for a guy just like him.
I was looking for a hotel when I saw you.
I was looking for a hotel, when I saw you.
I was looking for a new camping area.
I was looking for a pair of scissors.
I was looking for a shower cap, but all I could find was a towel in the shape of a turban.
I was looking for a weapon.
I was looking for appropriate words.
I was looking for apt words.
I was looking for firewood.
I was looking for gold but found nothing but shit.
I was looking for her everywhere.
I was looking for her.
I was looking for him in the crowd.
I was looking for him.
I was looking for jobs in Kabylie.
I was looking for my Berber dictionary.
I was looking for my diary.
I was looking for some excitement so I decided to bring the handcuffs.
I was looking for something else.
I was looking for something to do.
I was looking for something to eat.
I was looking for something, but couldn't find it.
I was looking for something.
I was looking for suitable words.
I was looking for that.
I was looking for the barbershop.
I was looking for the letter opener.
I was looking for the perfect angle.
I was looking for the remote.
I was looking for the right words.
I was looking for them.
I was looking for you all my entire life but I didn't know that was you.
I was looking for you earlier.
I was looking for you.
I was looking forward to it.
I was looking forward to meeting you.
I was looking forward to seeing a scenic view of Mt. Fuji, but unfortunately it was completely hidden behind clouds.
I was looking forward to the day when I could see him after five years' separation.
I was looking forward to the day when I could see him after five years’ separation.
I was looking forward to this.
I was looking into it.
I was looking into the sun.
I was looking just for you.
I was looking out the window.
I was looking outside.
I was looking straight at you.
I was looking to kill time.
I was looking up at the sky.
I was looking up musicals in Berlin and there are some interesting musicals to say the least.
I was looking.
I was losing balance.
I was losing my grip on reality.
I was losing my mind.
I was losing.
I was lost and alone.
I was lost in Sir Anthony's wonderful story.
I was lost in Sir Anthony’s wonderful story.
I was lost in my thoughts.
I was lost in the crowd.
I was lost in thought.
I was lost.
I was love-bombed by a Scorpio guy sooner in the day today.
I was loved.
I was lovely.
I was lucky I was able to do that.
I was lucky enough to escape unhurt.
I was lucky enough to find a job.
I was lucky enough to get a good seat.
I was lucky everything turned out OK.
I was lucky that I got treated by a good doctor.
I was lucky that I was able to do that.
I was lucky that I was able to find a good babysitter.
I was lucky that I was treated by a good doctor.
I was lucky that everything turned out OK.
I was lucky that the policeman didn't give me a ticket for making a U-turn at an intersection that had a no U-turn sign.
I was lucky that the policeman didn’t give me a ticket for making a U-turn at an intersection that had a no U-turn sign.
I was lucky that the train was late. Otherwise I would have missed it.
I was lucky that the train was late. Otherwise I would've missed it.
I was lucky the train was late. Otherwise, I would've missed it.
I was lucky to be able to do that.
I was lucky to be allowed to do that.
I was lucky to be chosen.
I was lucky to be there on time.
I was lucky to be there.
I was lucky to escape.
I was lucky to find an apartment close to where I work.
I was lucky to find an apartment close to work.
I was lucky to find an apartment this close to where I work.
I was lucky to find my keys.
I was lucky to get that job.
I was lucky to get this job.
I was lucky to have her.
I was lucky to have known him.
I was lucky to have you as a teacher.
I was lucky to meet someone who was so wise.
I was lucky today.
I was lucky.
I was lured here on a freezing cold midwinter night by the warmth of a blazing fire.
I was lured to the store by the advertisement.
I was lying before, but I'm not lying now.
I was lying earlier.
I was lying in my bed under the gentle warmth of the blankets.
I was lying in my bed.
I was lying in the grass.
I was lying on my back.
I was lying on the grass.
I was lying still.
I was lying the whole time.
I was lying to Tom when I said I didn't do that.
I was lying to Tom when I said I'd do that.
I was lying to myself like an idiot.
I was lying to you the whole time.
I was lying to you.
I was lying when I said I told the truth.
I was lying when I said that.
I was lying.
I was mad at Skura.
I was mad at Tom.
I was mad at her.
I was mad to leave you.
I was mad.
I was made fun of by a teacher.
I was made out to be a liar.
I was made to cry for help.
I was made to do it.
I was made to do that.
I was made to do this.
I was made to drink by him.
I was made to drink.
I was made to go against my will.
I was made to go for some cigarettes.
I was made to go there.
I was made to open my briefcase.
I was made to sing in public.
I was made to stay at home by mother.
I was made to wait for a long time.
I was made to wait for over 30 minutes.
I was madly in love with Tom when I was in junior high school.
I was making a cake.
I was making a mess in my house.
I was making a snowman.
I was making good money.
I was making money off of those idiots.
I was making my bed.
I was making out with her.
I was making the noise.
I was manipulative.
I was marching around the school.
I was married at that time.
I was married for three years.
I was married here.
I was married in October.
I was married once.
I was married to Tom for three years.
I was married to Tom.
I was married to a man who looked exactly like your father.
I was married when I was nineteen.
I was married.
I was mean to Tom.
I was meaning to ask you about that.
I was meaning to call you.
I was meaning to get around to that.
I was meant to accomplish extraordinary feats.
I was meeting Bob at six.
I was meeting him at the station at six.
I was menaced by Tom.
I was mentally and physically tired.
I was merely commenting she's always wearing the same clothes; little did I know that she would use it as an opportunity to buy herself a whole cupboard of new clothes the next day.
I was merely stating the facts.
I was merely stating the obvious.
I was merely trying to help.
I was mesmerized by that music.
I was mesmerized by the music.
I was mesmerized by the sheer beauty of her azure eyes.
I was mesmerized.
I was messed up.
I was mid-sentence when the girl simply walked off.
I was miffed at her attitude.
I was mildly disappointed.
I was minding my own business in a club.
I was miserable and unhappy.
I was miserable in Australia.
I was miserable in Boston.
I was miserable my first three months in Boston.
I was miserable without you.
I was miserable.
I was misinformed.
I was misled by Tom.
I was misquoted.
I was missing everything.
I was mistaken about that.
I was mistaken and I'm glad I was.
I was mistaken for a salesman.
I was mistaken for someone else.
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
I was mistaken.
I was misunderstood by Tom.
I was mixed up by the confusing explanation.
I was mixing you up with your older brother.
I was moderately excited.
I was momentarily blinded.
I was mopping up the dining room floor.
I was more angry than sad.
I was more annoyed than sad.
I was more cut off than a castaway on a raft in the middle of the ocean.
I was more flexible when I was younger.
I was more mad than anything.
I was more motivated with my Berber learning journey.
I was more than a bit perturbed.
I was more than a little disappointed.
I was more than a little embarrassed.
I was more than a little shocked at this.
I was more than a little shocked by this.
I was more than happy to do that.
I was more than happy to help Tom.
I was more than happy to help.
I was more than satisfied.
I was more than surprised at the terrible sight.
I was mortified.
I was most disconcerted.
I was most grateful to Nick for his kindness.
I was most impressed by his good behavior.
I was mostly right.
I was motivated to learn Berber.
I was motivated to learn French.
I was motivated.
I was moved by her love for other people.
I was moved by his kindness.
I was moved by his tears.
I was moved by the music.
I was moved by the story.
I was moved by their kindness.
I was moved by this movie.
I was moved to pity.
I was moved to tears by Tom's speech.
I was moved to tears by her speech.
I was moved to tears by the story.
I was moved to tears by the tragic story.
I was moved to tears in spite of myself.
I was moved to tears.
I was moved.
I was much affected by the sad news.
I was much amused at the idea.
I was much annoyed with her.
I was much busier than I thought I'd be.
I was much calmer than all the other students.
I was much frightened at the sight.
I was much impressed by his speech.
I was much impressed by his story.
I was much moved by his speech.
I was much moved to tears at the story.
I was mugged in broad daylight.
I was mugged, too.
I was mugged.
I was mumbling.
I was murdered.
I was my own boss.
I was naive and impressionable.
I was naive.
I was naked.
I was named Robert by my grandfather.
I was named after my great-grandfather.
I was named after my relative.
I was named after my uncle.
I was named in honor of my great-grandfather.
I was natural.
I was naughty.
I was near the entrance to the field.
I was near you, when you sat beneath those beech-trees, and piped and sang the praises of your sweetheart Amaryllis: I was close to the damsel, but you could not discern me. I gave her to you, and some brave boys, who are now excellent husbandmen and herdsmen, are the pledges of your love.
I was nearly caught up in a crime.
I was nearly hit by a car.
I was nearly paralyzed.
I was nearly run over by a car.
I was nearly run over by a lorry.
I was nearly run over by a truck.
I was nearly ten when my parents gave me a chemistry set for Christmas.
I was needed here.
I was negative.
I was negligent.
I was nervous and scared.
I was nervous as fuck.
I was nervous as hell.
I was nervous at first, but gradually got more relaxed.
I was nervous at first.
I was nervous at the beginning.
I was nervous before the exam.
I was nervous the whole time.
I was nervous, in a sweat.
I was nervous, too.
I was nervous.
I was never Mary's boyfriend.
I was never Tom's girlfriend.
I was never a believer of Christianity.
I was never a communist, but if I had been one, I would not be ashamed to admit it.
I was never a fan of the dub.
I was never a follower of Christianity.
I was never a good swimmer.
I was never a very good athlete.
I was never a very sociable fellow, Watson, always rather fond of moping in my rooms and working out my own little methods of thought, so that I never mixed much with the men of my year.
I was never any good at dissecting, and I didn't like it, either.
I was never at my son's godparents' place again.
I was never attracted to fun parties.
I was never brave.
I was never contacted by anybody.
I was never contacted by anyone.
I was never disloyal to you.
I was never expecting them to pay me.
I was never given such a relaxing body massage for as long as I can remember.
I was never given the chance to do that.
I was never given the chance to try doing that.
I was never given the recognition I deserved.
I was never good at figures.
I was never good at grammar.
I was never good at math.
I was never good at maths.
I was never good with children, I've never had a way with children and even less so with animals.
I was never in any real danger.
I was never in love with Tom.
I was never in love with her.
I was never in love with him, but we remained close all our lives.
I was never in love with him.
I was never in love with you.
I was never in the habit of lying.
I was never in the village.
I was never into drugs back then.
I was never involved with Mary.
I was never involved with that scandal.
I was never mad at you.
I was never mean to Tom.
I was never popular.
I was never really a fan of slapstick comedy.
I was never really afraid.
I was never really alone.
I was never really frightened.
I was never really in love with Fadil.
I was never really in love with Tom.
I was never so humiliated in my life.
I was never so hungry in all my life.
I was never taught what laws there are.
I was never that good at doing that.
I was never that good at swimming.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines, and the living rooms of Concord, and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn’t start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines, and the living rooms of Concord, and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
I was never the type of person to take part in fun parties.
I was never told that I needed a visa.
I was never told that I was supposed to be at that meeting.
I was never told that.
I was never treated like that.
I was never very good at doing that.
I was never very good at swimming.
I was never very nice to you, was I?
I was never worried about you.
I was never your friend.
I was new at that time.
I was new.
I was next.
I was nice to Tom.
I was nice to my teachers.
I was nice.
I was nicely framed.
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.
I was nine years old when I asked my mother whether Father Christmas really existed.
I was no longer myself and had severe depression.
I was no longer needed there, so I left.
I was no longer needed.
I was no match for Tom.
I was no match for her.
I was no match for him.
I was normal.
I was not a bit tired.
I was not a good father.
I was not a good mother.
I was not a happy girl.
I was not a little annoyed.
I was not a little disappointed at the news.
I was not a little disappointed.
I was not a lovable child.
I was not able to convince him of his mistake.
I was not able to hear the sound clearly.
I was not able to see him.
I was not affected by the flood.
I was not afraid of difficulties: what scared me was the obligation of choosing a path. Choosing a path meant abandoning others.
I was not allowed to do the things I wanted.
I was not allowed to enter in revealing shorts.
I was not as strong as my father.
I was not at school because I was ill.
I was not aware of a mosquito biting my arm.
I was not aware of her absence.
I was not aware of his absence from the meeting.
I was not aware of his presence.
I was not aware of the danger until they warned me.
I was not aware of the trick.
I was not aware of this.
I was not being completely honest.
I was not being taught to experiment or even to repeat experiments.
I was not blessed by the weather and was unable to see the Unkai, the Sea of Clouds.
I was not born in France, but I have lived there since my fourth year.
I was not born to live in only one place, like a tree. My homeland is the whole world.
I was not born yesterday.
I was not concerned with the news.
I was not conscious of a man looking at me.
I was not conscious of her presence.
I was not conscious of his presence.
I was not conscious what in fact I was doing then.
I was not disappointed.
I was not drinking.
I was not drunk.
I was not expecting that.
I was not familiar with this song.
I was not feeling very hungry.
I was not feeling well.
I was not going to keep up the family tradition.
I was not going to the mosque.
I was not happy about this.
I was not honest with them.
I was not honest.
I was not horrible.
I was not in the least surprised, for I had fully expected as much.
I was not in the mood.
I was not in the village yesterday.
I was not informed.
I was not interested in his life.
I was not it, I swear!
I was not jealous.
I was not lonely.
I was not looking at that boy.
I was not made for the life of a shepherd.
I was not mistaken: the old man did not refuse the glass he was offered.
I was not pleased by your rude behavior.
I was not pleased.
I was not praying against you; I was praying for you.
I was not prepared for it then.
I was not prepared for this scene.
I was not present at that meeting.
I was not ready for it.
I was not ready.
I was not really your friend. I was just pretending.
I was not right.
I was not satisfied with life in Paris.
I was not scolding you.
I was not selected.
I was not so much scared as amazed.
I was not studying then.
I was not sure what to do.
I was not sure.
I was not surprised.
I was not surprised. Indeed, my only wonder was that he had not already been mixed upon this extraordinary case, which was the one topic of conversation through the length and breadth of England.
I was not sympathetic.
I was not the one who called you. Tom did it.
I was not the only one who saw him beating his wife.
I was not the person to whom the package was addressed.
I was not there.
I was not too pleased with his rashness to take down that guy.
I was not with them that day.
I was not wrong about what I said.
I was not yet born when a war between Japan and the U.S. broke out in December 1941.
I was not yet married at that time.
I was notified immediately of Tom's arrival.
I was notified today.
I was notified.
I was nowhere near Chuck's Diner that night.
I was nowhere near the park on that night.
I was numb with fear.
I was numb.
I was numbed by her sudden death.
I was number one for a long time.
I was obedient.
I was obligated to do something.
I was obligated to marry Tom.
I was obliged to go out yesterday.
I was obliged to marry Tom.
I was obliged to self-publish my book.
I was oblivious to the whole thing.
I was obsessed with Tom.
I was obviously a little distracted!
I was occupied all day with housework.
I was occupied with a serious matter.
I was off duty at that time.
I was off duty at the time.
I was off duty.
I was off school because I was ill.
I was off that day.
I was off this morning.
I was off work for three weeks.
I was offended a little bit.
I was offended at his behavior.
I was offended by her crude manners.
I was offended by his behavior.
I was offended by the policeman.
I was offended.
I was offered a beer.
I was offered a job in Australia.
I was offered a job in Boston.
I was offered a job in a crematory, which I refused.
I was offered a job there, but I decided to turn it down.
I was offered a job there, but I turned it down.
I was offered a job.
I was offered a new job.
I was offered the choice of tea or coffee.
I was officially freaking out.
I was often at odds with my parents.
I was often ill as a child.
I was often seized by despair.
I was often there.
I was okay.
I was old.
I was on Flight 001 from Tokyo.
I was on TV recently.
I was on a Zoom meeting.
I was on a bike.
I was on a break.
I was on a business trip all last week.
I was on a diet.
I was on a mud path.
I was on a sick leave for three weeks.
I was on a tour.
I was on a trip to India.
I was on a two-week holiday in Denmark.
I was on board a ship which was wrecked; I was driven on shore by the waves close to a holy Temple where several young girls were ministering at a service; the youngest of them found me on the beach and saved my life; I saw her but twice. She was the only person I could love in this world, but you are like her, you almost drive her image out of my heart.
I was on close terms with him.
I was on duty at the hospital.
I was on duty that night.
I was on duty.
I was on edge and fidgety during my first match, probably because I was so nervous.
I was on edge.
I was on guard duty.
I was on holiday for a fortnight.
I was on holiday.
I was on leave in October.
I was on leave.
I was on medications.
I was on my best behavior.
I was on my knees.
I was on my own during these months.
I was on my own.
I was on my way back up to bed.
I was on my way home from work.
I was on my way home.
I was on my way over to Tom's right now.
I was on my way to school.
I was on my way to see Tom.
I was on my way to see her.
I was on my way to see him.
I was on my way to see them.
I was on my way to see you.
I was on my way to the mosque.
I was on my way to the party.
I was on my way to work.
I was on patrol.
I was on shore leave at the time.
I was on television last week.
I was on tenterhooks.
I was on that bus.
I was on that plane, too.
I was on the air for two hours yesterday.
I was on the alert for a fugitive criminal.
I was on the basketball team in high school.
I was on the basketball team when I was in high school.
I was on the brink of buying the new car, but something inside told me to not trust the salesman.
I was on the bus.
I was on the edge of the cliff.
I was on the go all day today looking for a loan.
I was on the hunt for butterflies.
I was on the hunt for lodgings.
I was on the list.
I was on the mountain.
I was on the other side.
I was on the phone to my friend.
I was on the phone with Tom just five minutes ago.
I was on the phone.
I was on the pier.
I was on the point of giving up when I suddenly hit upon the solution.
I was on the point of leaving home when a light rain started to fall.
I was on the porch.
I was on the road last summer.
I was on the road to the town.
I was on the road.
I was on the same bus as Tom and Mary were.
I was on the same bus as Tom was.
I was on the same bus as Tom.
I was on the same flight as Tom.
I was on the slide.
I was on the sofa reading a book, leaning against him while he was reading a different one.
I was on the spot when he had a heart attack.
I was on the team.
I was on the train for twelve hours.
I was on the verge of killing myself at that time.
I was on the verge of not trusting.
I was on the verge of tears.
I was on the verge of throwing in the towel.
I was on the way out when the phone rang.
I was on the wrong bus.
I was on the wrong track.
I was on time for dinner.
I was on time.
I was on top of the world.
I was on vacation at that time.
I was on vacation.
I was on verge of fainting.
I was once a fairy princess, but then I lost my whole kingdom.
I was once a prisoner.
I was once a rookie, too.
I was once addicted to Tatoeba, and it almost ruined my life.
I was once in Mexico.
I was once in Paris, but that was a long time ago.
I was once like Tom.
I was once like you.
I was once one of the most successful architects in the world.
I was one of the best pupils in the class.
I was one of the best students in the class.
I was one of the last to be hired.
I was one of the last to leave.
I was one of the lucky ones.
I was one of the skeptics.
I was one of the suspects.
I was one of the unlucky ones.
I was one of the worst pupils in the class.
I was only 10 years old when the big earthquake hit.
I was only a child then.
I was only a few miles away.
I was only a little child then.
I was only a phone call away.
I was only a seven-year-old girl at that time.
I was only able to buy enough food for three days.
I was only able to do that for a short time.
I was only able to stay in Australia for a short time.
I was only able to stay in Boston for a short time.
I was only allowed to do that once.
I was only at the Boston airport for an hour.
I was only being frank.
I was only carrying out orders.
I was only dancing with Mary.
I was only dancing with Tom.
I was only dancing with her.
I was only dancing with him.
I was only drinking tea, now I've switched to coffee.
I was only five minutes late.
I was only following orders.
I was only fooling.
I was only given thirty minutes to do that.
I was only going to have one chocolate, but suddenly the box was empty.
I was only gone a few minutes.
I was only gone an hour.
I was only gone for a few days but have to say that things are moving so quickly that I'm feeling completely out of the loop at this point!
I was only gone for thirty minutes.
I was only hired temporarily.
I was only in Australia for three days.
I was only in Australia for three weeks.
I was only in Boston for three days.
I was only in Boston for three weeks.
I was only joking.
I was only just in time.
I was only kidding about that.
I was only kidding.
I was only late by five minutes.
I was only looking to make your day seem brighter.
I was only out for a little while.
I was only paid a measly two dollars.
I was only permitted to do that once.
I was only playing a joke on Tom.
I was only saying my prayers.
I was only smiling.
I was only speaking generally, not about you in particular, but if the shoe fits, wear it.
I was only stating the facts.
I was only stating the obvious.
I was only teasing you.
I was only teasing.
I was only there for a few days.
I was only there for a few hours, but I had a great time.
I was only there for three days.
I was only there for three hours.
I was only thinking of Tom.
I was only thirteen at that time.
I was only thirteen at the time.
I was only thirteen then.
I was only thirteen years old at that time.
I was only thirteen years old at the time.
I was only three when Tom died.
I was only three years old in 2013.
I was only trying to help.
I was only twenty feet away.
I was open and honest.
I was open.
I was opening the gate.
I was optimistic.
I was ordered to do that.
I was ordered to wait.
I was ostracized by everyone.
I was out all day yesterday.
I was out all day.
I was out camping in a familiar part of the forest.
I was out celebrating.
I was out for a walk.
I was out getting groceries.
I was out in the woods.
I was out last night with Tom.
I was out last night with her.
I was out last night with him.
I was out last night with them.
I was out late last night.
I was out like a light.
I was out of breath and sat down.
I was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
I was out of breath.
I was out of my depth in that debate.
I was out of the room.
I was out of the tent.
I was out of town on an assignment.
I was out of town on vacation.
I was out of words to say.
I was out of work for three months.
I was out over the weekend.
I was out shopping.
I was out there alone.
I was out walking my dog when I got hit by a drunk driver.
I was out with Tom.
I was out.
I was outdoors.
I was outnumbered.
I was outraged at the way she was treated.
I was outraged by Liisa's behavior.
I was outraged by Tom's arrogant tone.
I was outraged by her accusations.
I was outraged by his answer.
I was outraged, too.
I was outraged.
I was outside when it happened.
I was outside, talking to the teacher.
I was outside.
I was outsmarted by Tom.
I was outwitted by Tom.
I was over the moon!
I was over the moon.
I was overcome by a panicked fear.
I was overcome by inexplicable fear.
I was overcome with amazement.
I was overconfident.
I was overjoyed at the time.
I was overjoyed when I was able to make friends with her!
I was overjoyed.
I was overpowered by Tom.
I was overseas at the time.
I was overtaken by Tom.
I was overtaken by a car.
I was overtaken by greed.
I was overtaken by one car.
I was overtaken by that car.
I was overtaken by the car.
I was overthinking.
I was overweight.
I was overwhelmed by a cold.
I was overwhelmed by grief.
I was overwhelmed by the country's beauty.
I was overwhelmed with hatred.
I was overwhelmed.
I was packing my backpack.
I was paid a little money.
I was paid to do the chores.
I was paid to do this.
I was paid twenty dollars per chore.
I was paid well on my previous job.
I was paid.
I was painting a picture.
I was painting.
I was paired with Tom.
I was panic-stricken.
I was panting.
I was paraphrasing.
I was pardoned.
I was part of a very tight group.
I was partial.
I was partly right.
I was partnered with him in tennis.
I was passionate about watching movies.
I was patient.
I was patting my dog.
I was pedaling like crazy, but I didn't seem to be getting anywhere.
I was peeing.
I was peeling vegetables.
I was penalized for not wearing a seatbelt.
I was penniless when I arrived in Australia.
I was penniless when I arrived in Boston.
I was penniless.
I was perfectly fine.
I was perfectly happy being all alone.
I was perfectly happy being by myself.
I was permitted to do that.
I was perplexed.
I was persecuted.
I was personally born at home in the village.
I was personally invited by Tom.
I was persuaded to stop smoking.
I was petrified with horror.
I was petrified.
I was petting him when he bit me.
I was photographed.
I was photographing.
I was physically ready.
I was picking cowberries.
I was picking raspberries in the garden.
I was picking strawberries in the garden.
I was picturing a completely different concept, but I like where you're going with this.
I was picturing a completely different concept, but I like where you’re going with this.
I was pissed off by those you talk about who work for their lords.
I was placed in a comfortable boarding establishment at Edinburgh, and there I remained until I was seventeen years of age.
I was plagued by dark thoughts.
I was planning my trip to Kabylie.
I was planning on buying a house.
I was planning on doing that alone.
I was planning on doing that by myself.
I was planning on doing that eventually.
I was planning on doing that.
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
I was planning on going.
I was planning on it.
I was planning on moving to Kabylie in April of 2014.
I was planning on staying.
I was planning on telling you today.
I was planning on telling you tomorrow.
I was planning on telling you.
I was planning to become a teacher.
I was planning to call him, but changed my mind and didn't.
I was planning to do my homework, but I fell asleep.
I was planning to do that, but I never got the chance.
I was planning to do that.
I was planning to drop by Tom's on the way home and ask him if he needed any help.
I was planning to go there by bike, but it rained.
I was planning to go to Australia.
I was planning to include an excerpt from The Chronicles of Narnia.
I was planning to leave immediately.
I was planning to study medicine in the United States.
I was planning to take a look around the village.
I was planning to turn this room into my mother's studio, but I'm currently using it as a storage room.
I was planning to visit a guru in India.
I was planting the trees.
I was plastered.
I was played out with walking.
I was played, I thought their joke was real!
I was playing Minecraft.
I was playing a game when I felt an earthquake.
I was playing a game when I felt the earthquake.
I was playing dead.
I was playing football today.
I was playing football.
I was playing here.
I was playing jazz.
I was playing soccer today.
I was playing tennis all day.
I was playing tennis during the entire year.
I was playing tennis.
I was playing the piano when some guests arrived.
I was playing the violin.
I was playing with Tom.
I was playing with my friends.
I was playing with the corner of the book.
I was playing.
I was pleasantly surprised by the low price.
I was pleasantly surprised by the low prices.
I was pleasantly surprised by the performance of our hockey players.
I was pleasantly surprised to see her there.
I was pleasantly surprised to see him at the party.
I was pleasantly surprised with how modern this barber's shop was upon visiting it.
I was pleasantly surprised.
I was pleased no end by the cordial welcome.
I was pleased to find that his ideas coincided exactly with my own.
I was pleased to hear that he had succeeded in the examination.
I was pleased to hear that.
I was pleased to meet you.
I was pleased to receive an email from him.
I was pleased to see Skura.
I was pleased to see Tom.
I was pleased with how we played today.
I was pleased with the gift.
I was pleased with the rapidity with which he mastered Japanese.
I was pleased with the result.
I was pleased.
I was plenty nervous.
I was poisoned.
I was polite to Tom.
I was pooping bricks.
I was poor at English.
I was poor back then.
I was poor three years ago.
I was poor.
I was popular at school.
I was popular in high school.
I was portraying a character falling victim to his own ageism.
I was positive I could do that.
I was positive that I could do that.
I was powerless.
I was praying for rain.
I was praying.
I was pregnant before Taninna.
I was pregnant with Skura.
I was pregnant with Tom at the time.
I was pregnant with Tom when this picture was taken.
I was pregnant.
I was prejudiced.
I was prepared for that.
I was prepared for the worst.
I was prepared for this.
I was prepared if things were to go sour.
I was prepared to do anything they asked me to do.
I was prepared.
I was preparing a list of things to do.
I was preparing for my Berber class.
I was preparing to finish my report when my boss asked me to explain all of the project's details again.
I was preparing to finish my report when my boss asked me to explain all of the project’s details again.
I was prescribed several prophylactic drugs.
I was present at school yesterday.
I was present at the meeting.
I was present during his last moments.
I was present yesterday, I am today, tomorrow is uncertain!
I was present.
I was pressed by their questioning and slipped into telling an obvious lie.
I was pretending.
I was pretty annoyed by what Tom was doing.
I was pretty busy.
I was pretty certain Tom wouldn't like that.
I was pretty certain that Tom wouldn't like that.
I was pretty close.
I was pretty confident.
I was pretty convinced.
I was pretty drunk.
I was pretty excited about it.
I was pretty excited.
I was pretty fortunate to be able to do that.
I was pretty good at languages at school.
I was pretty good, wasn't I?
I was pretty gullible.
I was pretty happy about that.
I was pretty happy with it.
I was pretty happy with that.
I was pretty happy.
I was pretty hard on Tom.
I was pretty hungry when I got home.
I was pretty hungry.
I was pretty late.
I was pretty mad when I realized Tom had stolen my bicycle.
I was pretty mad when I realized that Tom had stolen my bicycle.
I was pretty motivated to learn Berber.
I was pretty motivated to learn French.
I was pretty motivated.
I was pretty nervous.
I was pretty overwhelmed.
I was pretty pissed.
I was pretty relaxed.
I was pretty scared.
I was pretty shaken.
I was pretty shocked.
I was pretty sick on Monday.
I was pretty small.
I was pretty sure Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I was pretty sure Tom would be there, and he was.
I was pretty sure Tom wouldn't do that.
I was pretty sure that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I was pretty sure that Tom would be there, and he was.
I was pretty sure that Tom wouldn't do that.
I was pretty surprised Tom did that.
I was pretty surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I was pretty surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I was pretty surprised by that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom did that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I was pretty surprised when I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I was pretty surprised when Tom did that.
I was pretty surprised.
I was pretty tired when I got home from work.
I was pretty upset.
I was pretty young back in those days.
I was pretty young.
I was prevailed upon to go to the party.
I was probably dreaming.
I was probably right.
I was probably thirteen at the time.
I was probably thirteen years old at the time.
I was probably thirty years old at that time.
I was probably wrong.
I was profoundly disturbed by this news.
I was promised flying cars.
I was promoted at work and now I have a higher salary.
I was promoted three months ago.
I was promoted to the junior varsity team.
I was promoted.
I was properly raised by both of my parents.
I was protecting Tom.
I was protecting you.
I was proud of Anne tonight, although I'm not going to tell her so.
I was proud of Tom.
I was proud of her.
I was proud of him.
I was proud of my son.
I was proud of my wife.
I was proud of myself.
I was proud of them.
I was proud of you.
I was proud to call her my friend.
I was proved wrong.
I was provoked into saying that.
I was provoked.
I was psychotic at the time.
I was pulled in the moment I saw this opening.
I was pulled into the free software vortex and have never escaped.
I was pulled over by a motorcycle cop.
I was pulled over by a policeman for going thirty kilometers over the speed limit.
I was pulled over by a policeman on a motorcycle.
I was pulled over by a policeman today.
I was pulled over by the police.
I was punched by Tom.
I was punctual.
I was punished for doing that.
I was punished for lying.
I was punished for my crimes.
I was punished.
I was pure.
I was purring in Tom's lap when, suddenly, a stranger appeared!
I was pushed to a point where I thought about taking my own life.
I was put here to serve God.
I was put in a Norwegian jail and fed tacos until I went mad.
I was put in a difficult position.
I was put in foster care.
I was put off by the chilled wine that tasted of vinegar.
I was put to great inconvenience.
I was put to shame in the presence of many people.
I was putting Tom to bed.
I was putting him down for being smart.
I was putting the same seasonings on everything, so I got tired of it.
I was putting up the tent.
I was puzzled about what to do next.
I was puzzled about what to do.
I was puzzled when I found out where he lived.
I was puzzled.
I was qualified.
I was questioned at the police station.
I was questioned by a police officer.
I was questioned by the police.
I was quick tempered when I was young.
I was quiet.
I was quite a coward before. And I still am.
I was quite annoyed.
I was quite at a loss for words.
I was quite busy.
I was quite calm.
I was quite close to tears.
I was quite cold.
I was quite confused.
I was quite depressed for a while.
I was quite disappointed with the turn of events.
I was quite dissatisfied.
I was quite drunk.
I was quite happy.
I was quite hungry.
I was quite ignorant of the fact.
I was quite lucky.
I was quite nervous.
I was quite pleased with myself for managing a joke.
I was quite proud of myself.
I was quite puzzled by Tom's reply.
I was quite satisfied.
I was quite shaken.
I was quite shocked by this.
I was quite sick, but I feel better now.
I was quite surprised.
I was quite taken aback at their bad manners.
I was quite taken aback by their bad manners.
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.
I was quite upset at the sudden change in the plan.
I was quite upset.
I was quite wrong.
I was quivering.
I was quoting Tom.
I was quoting her.
I was quoting him.
I was racked with self-doubt.
I was racking my brains to find a way to make up for my lie.
I was rained on on my way home.
I was raised Catholic.
I was raised Jewish.
I was raised Sunni Muslim.
I was raised a Catholic, too.
I was raised a Christian.
I was raised a Jehovah's Witness.
I was raised a Muslim.
I was raised a Sunni Muslim.
I was raised among them.
I was raised by Tom and Mary.
I was raised by foster parents.
I was raised by my grandfather.
I was raised by my grandparents.
I was raised eating Mexican food.
I was raised in Australia.
I was raised in Boston.
I was raised in Tokyo.
I was raised in Yokohama.
I was raised in a Catholic family.
I was raised in a Muslim-majority country.
I was raised in a middle-class family.
I was raised in a very small conservative Christian town.
I was raised in an orphanage in Australia.
I was raised in an orphanage in Boston.
I was raised in an orphanage.
I was raised in poverty.
I was raised in the village.
I was raised near Boston.
I was raised normally. My parents were decent.
I was raised on the east side of Boston.
I was raised right.
I was raised well.
I was raped by my father when I was eighteen and you think I can really ever be happy around a man?
I was raped!
I was raped.
I was rather disappointed seeing the movie after reading the book.
I was rather drunk.
I was rather flummoxed when I saw that the date on the plane ticket I had been given was from last year.
I was rather impressed.
I was rather taken aback by her honesty.
I was ratted out by my best friend.
I was reading a book all morning.
I was reading a book at that time.
I was reading a book at the time.
I was reading a book in the library when Tom came in with a wild look in his eyes. "What's wrong?" I asked him. He told me that his girlfriend had cheated on him with John. He looked pretty angry about it.
I was reading a book then.
I was reading a book while walking.
I was reading a book.
I was reading a comic book.
I was reading a letter when he entered.
I was reading a letter.
I was reading a novel last night.
I was reading a novel then.
I was reading and writing in the Kabyle language.
I was reading books.
I was reading newspapers.
I was reading the book all morning.
I was reading the book.
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything.
I was reading the letter you sent me.
I was reading the letters you sent me.
I was reading the newspaper.
I was reading the papers.
I was reading.
I was ready do that all alone.
I was ready for Tom.
I was ready for anything.
I was ready for bed.
I was ready for her.
I was ready for him.
I was ready for it to be over.
I was ready for it.
I was ready for school.
I was ready for the snowstorm.
I was ready for them.
I was ready for you.
I was ready to die.
I was ready to do any job.
I was ready to do it.
I was ready to do that.
I was ready to go.
I was ready to leave the mosque.
I was ready to leave, but Tom wasn't.
I was ready to meet Tom.
I was ready to meet him.
I was ready to murder him.
I was ready to quit.
I was ready to tell Tom anything he wanted to know.
I was ready to.
I was ready today.
I was ready too.
I was ready when Tom came.
I was ready, but Tom wasn't.
I was ready.
I was real happy.
I was real hurt.
I was really afraid that might happen.
I was really afraid that that might happen.
I was really amazed!
I was really angry.
I was really annoyed.
I was really anxious.
I was really apathetic at first.
I was really ashamed of Tom.
I was really bored.
I was really broken at the time.
I was really busy.
I was really cold.
I was really committed.
I was really concerned about Tom.
I was really concerned.
I was really confused.
I was really curious.
I was really cute when I was a kid.
I was really depressed.
I was really desperate for help.
I was really disappointed in myself.
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn't passed the exam.
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn’t passed the exam.
I was really disappointed.
I was really disturbed.
I was really drunk at the time.
I was really drunk last night.
I was really drunk.
I was really emotional.
I was really fast.
I was really fired up.
I was really flabbergasted when I heard the news from Jane.
I was really focused on learning Berber.
I was really fortunate.
I was really freaked out by that.
I was really frozen by fear when I saw that.
I was really frustrated.
I was really glad.
I was really happy Tom could do that.
I was really happy Tom didn't complain about anything.
I was really happy Tom didn't complain.
I was really happy Tom helped Mary do that.
I was really happy Tom helped Mary.
I was really happy Tom helped us.
I was really happy Tom was able to do that.
I was really happy Tom was here.
I was really happy for Tom.
I was really happy that Tom could do that.
I was really happy that Tom didn't complain about anything.
I was really happy that Tom didn't complain.
I was really happy that Tom helped Mary do that.
I was really happy that Tom helped Mary.
I was really happy that Tom helped us.
I was really happy that Tom was able to do that.
I was really happy that Tom was here.
I was really happy with it.
I was really happy with that.
I was really happy, actually.
I was really happy.
I was really hard on myself.
I was really hoping to get one more session in.
I was really hungry.
I was really hurt by what you said.
I was really hurt by your comments.
I was really hurt.
I was really ill and didn't eat anything.
I was really impressed by the speech.
I was really impressed with it.
I was really impressed with your translation of English sentences in Dutch.
I was really impressed.
I was really interested in Berber.
I was really intrigued.
I was really just trying to enjoy it.
I was really late.
I was really looking forward to it.
I was really looking forward to some light reading.
I was really looking forward to the game.
I was really lost.
I was really lucky.
I was really mad at Tom.
I was really mad at myself.
I was really mad at the teacher for doing that.
I was really mad.
I was really moved by this.
I was really nervous that day.
I was really nervous to see how they dealt with each other just now. I guess things were touch-and-go between them.
I was really nervous.
I was really pleased with that.
I was really pleased.
I was really proud of Tom.
I was really proud of myself.
I was really proud of that.
I was really puzzled.
I was really quite stiff.
I was really sad.
I was really satisfied.
I was really scared Tom was going to hit me.
I was really scared and alone.
I was really scared that Tom was going to hit me.
I was really scared.
I was really shocked by Tom's appearance.
I was really shocked by the way Tom looked.
I was really shocked when Tom appeared.
I was really shocked.
I was really sick.
I was really starting to worry.
I was really struggling with that.
I was really surprised that it worked.
I was really surprised to hear that this cultivator cost as much as 1 million yen.
I was really surprised when Tom told me that Mary had left Boston.
I was really surprised when that happened.
I was really surprised.
I was really terrified.
I was really thrilled to have met you.
I was really tired so I went to bed early.
I was really tired.
I was really uncomfortable.
I was really unlucky.
I was really upset.
I was really very busy.
I was really very happy.
I was really very hungry.
I was really weird.
I was really worried about Tom.
I was really worried about you yesterday.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried.
I was really young when I met you.
I was really, really disappointed.
I was rear-ended by a pickup truck.
I was rear-ended.
I was reasonably happy with it.
I was rebellious.
I was receiving messages in Berber every single day.
I was recently in an automobile accident.
I was reckless and overly trusting.
I was recognized.
I was recording.
I was red as a tomato.
I was reduced to tears.
I was referred by Tom Jackson.
I was referring to Tom.
I was referring to something else.
I was refused asylum in the United Kingdom.
I was registered.
I was rehearsing.
I was rejected by Tom.
I was rejected.
I was relaxed.
I was released.
I was relieved that I could make my broken English understood.
I was relieved that he came to see me.
I was relieved that there are people more wanton than me.
I was relieved that you could understand my broken English.
I was relieved to find out that I wasn't the only one who didn't know what was going on.
I was relieved to find that I'd been wrong.
I was relieved to get away.
I was relieved to hear that Tom wasn't seriously injured.
I was relieved to hear that he was alive.
I was relieved to hear that he was safe.
I was relieved to hear that you had arrived safely.
I was relieved to know that I wasn't the only one who didn't know what was going on.
I was relieved to know that I wasn't the only one.
I was relieved to know that the operation was a success.
I was relieved when I heard the message.
I was relieved.
I was reluctant to agree.
I was reluctant to call the police.
I was reluctant to do that, but I did it anyway.
I was reluctant to do that.
I was reluctant to interrupt Tom and Mary.
I was reluctant to say anything.
I was reminded of my promise at the sight of you.
I was removing fleas from a dog when it rushed at me... So I woke up.
I was removing fleas from the dog when he barked at me.
I was rendered speechless by his rudeness.
I was replaced by Tom.
I was reported missing.
I was reported.
I was rereading the letters you sent to me.
I was resistant.
I was resolute about my future path.
I was resting on the couch and fell asleep.
I was resting.
I was restless before the show.
I was restless.
I was resurrected.
I was returning to Paris from Berlin.
I was revealing my secrets.
I was revived by a glass of water.
I was rewarded by your pleasant company.
I was rewarded.
I was rich a couple of years ago.
I was rich at the time.
I was riding a horse.
I was riding my bike.
I was riding my motorcycle.
I was right about Tom.
I was right about everything.
I was right about her.
I was right about him.
I was right about that.
I was right about them.
I was right about you.
I was right all along.
I was right and Tom and Mary were wrong.
I was right and Tom was wrong.
I was right behind Tom.
I was right behind her.
I was right behind him.
I was right behind them.
I was right behind you.
I was right in front of Tom.
I was right in front of her.
I was right in front of him.
I was right in front of them.
I was right in front of you.
I was right on the spot when it happened.
I was right there with Tom at the time.
I was right there.
I was right to be wary.
I was right too, then!
I was right up there.
I was right, and your were wrong.
I was right.
I was ringing you up the whole night.
I was roaming over the mountains all through the night.
I was roaming the woods.
I was robbed last night.
I was robbed not more than 1000 yen.
I was robbed of my bag.
I was robbed of my purse.
I was robbed of my rightful share.
I was robbed of my wallet by the man sitting next to me.
I was robbed of no more than 1,000 yen.
I was robbed.
I was rocking the baby to sleep.
I was roommates with Tom.
I was rooting for Tom.
I was rooting for you.
I was roused by the sound of a bell.
I was rude to Tom.
I was rude.
I was rudely awakened by a loud noise.
I was run off the road.
I was running at full speed.
I was running down the street when my phone fell out of my pocket.
I was running for my life.
I was running in the opposite direction.
I was running out of breath.
I was running out of time.
I was running through the woods at night.
I was running.
I was sacked yesterday.
I was sacked.
I was sad and lonely.
I was sad and wanted to hold you.
I was sad at first.
I was sad to lose a friend.
I was sad when he left.
I was sad when she left.
I was sad when she was weeping.
I was sad, but Tom cheered me up.
I was sad.
I was safe.
I was safely driven home.
I was satisfied with seeing her so happy.
I was satisfied with that.
I was satisfied with the silence.
I was satisfied with the steak dinner.
I was satisfied.
I was saved as if by a miracle.
I was saved by Tom.
I was saved by a miracle.
I was saved by my dog.
I was saved by the bell.
I was saved from death.
I was saved.
I was saving this piece of cake for you.
I was saving up all my money to go to Kabylie, Algeria, and learn Berber.
I was saving up to buy a new bicycle.
I was saying that I didn't think that it was weird at all.
I was saying that I didn’t think that it was weird at all.
I was saying the shahada.
I was scammed.
I was scandalized.
I was scared all the time.
I was scared and alone.
I was scared and so was everybody else.
I was scared and so was everyone else.
I was scared and stressed out.
I was scared at the mere thought of it.
I was scared by the lightning.
I was scared half to death.
I was scared myself.
I was scared of Tom.
I was scared of everything.
I was scared of her.
I was scared of him.
I was scared of saying something stupid, so I didn't say anything.
I was scared of the dark.
I was scared of the movie I saw today, so I turned on the bathroom light.
I was scared of them.
I was scared of what people would think.
I was scared of you.
I was scared out of my mind.
I was scared she had the mumps.
I was scared silly.
I was scared stiff.
I was scared that Tom would hurt me.
I was scared that you might leave me.
I was scared the whole time.
I was scared they'd find out about us.
I was scared to ask questions because I didn't want to look stupid.
I was scared to be alone in the dark.
I was scared to be alone.
I was scared to death.
I was scared to do that.
I was scared to kiss Tom.
I was scared to try new things.
I was scared when someone came up behind me and starting yelling at me.
I was scared, of course.
I was scared, too.
I was scared.
I was sceptical at first.
I was sceptical from the beginning.
I was sceptical from the outset.
I was sceptical to begin with.
I was sceptical to start with.
I was sceptical.
I was scolded by my mother for being lazy.
I was scolded by my teacher.
I was scolded by the teacher for being late.
I was scolded for being late.
I was scolded for making fun of them.
I was scolded for not doing what I was supposed to do.
I was scouted by a model agency while walking around Shibuya.
I was scratched by a cat.
I was scratched.
I was scratching my back.
I was screaming.
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.
I was searched.
I was searching for Tom.
I was searching for food.
I was searching for something that didn't exist.
I was searching for something that didn’t exist.
I was searching for you!
I was second.
I was secretly in love with him.
I was seeing a Kabyle girl.
I was seeing stars.
I was seen to break the window.
I was seen to cross the street.
I was seen.
I was seething with rage.
I was seized by a curiosity, the likes of which I had never felt before.
I was seized by a sudden fear.
I was seized with fear.
I was seized with the desire to buy the book.
I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
I was selected for jury duty, but wasn't picked for a case.
I was selected.
I was self-confident.
I was selfish and cruel.
I was selfish.
I was selling postcards.
I was sent a bill.
I was sent a video showing a sweet looking baby being unravelled from it's shawl.
I was sent away.
I was sent by Tom.
I was sent here by Tom.
I was sent home.
I was sent to the hospital because I was hearing voices telling me to kill myself.
I was sent to the principal's office today.
I was sent to the village.
I was sentenced to death.
I was sentenced to four years in prison.
I was sentenced to three years for robbery.
I was sentenced to three years in prison.
I was serious when I said I love you.
I was serious when I said I loved you.
I was serious.
I was set up!
I was set up.
I was severely wounded during the operation.
I was sexually assaulted.
I was shaken.
I was shaking like a leaf.
I was shaking with fear.
I was shaking with fright.
I was shaking.
I was sharpening the knife.
I was sharpening the knives.
I was shattered.
I was shaved down to nothing.
I was shearing the sheep.
I was shivering with excitement to meet you.
I was shivering.
I was shocked about John's death.
I was shocked about John’s death.
I was shocked at how rude, stubborn, and arrogant that Frenchman was.
I was shocked at the betrayal of a friend I trusted.
I was shocked at the sad news.
I was shocked by Tom's answer.
I was shocked by how much it cost.
I was shocked by the alacrity with which my typos and gaffes were pointed out.
I was shocked by the answer.
I was shocked by the dog that sprang out of the darkness.
I was shocked by the harshness of his tone.
I was shocked by the price.
I was shocked by the way Tom behaved.
I was shocked by their callous attitude towards the rape issue.
I was shocked by what I found in Tom's room.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
I was shocked by yesterday’s news.
I was shocked how beautiful Kabylie was.
I was shocked to hear what Tom had done.
I was shocked to hear what happened to Tom.
I was shocked to hear what happened.
I was shocked to hear what was going on.
I was shocked to hear what was happening.
I was shocked to learn that Tom is my new boss.
I was shocked to see how thin Tom had become.
I was shocked to see how thin Tom had gotten.
I was shocked to see it.
I was shocked to see that.
I was shocked to see this.
I was shocked when I heard Tom had been arrested.
I was shocked when I heard Tom's explanation for his action.
I was shocked when I heard that Tom had been arrested.
I was shocked when I heard the reason Tom gave for his action.
I was shocked when I learned that Tom got arrested.
I was shocked when I learned the truth.
I was shocked when Tom told me what he'd done.
I was shocked.
I was shooting a love scene with her.
I was shopping when this guy stole my wallet.
I was short a few dollars.
I was short-haired.
I was shot at by people I thought were my friends.
I was shot at.
I was shot in the shoulder.
I was shot.
I was shoving logs into my little wood-burning stove.
I was showering a moment ago.
I was showing my scars.
I was showing off my scars.
I was shunned by society.
I was shunned.
I was shy and kept it to myself.
I was shy.
I was sick a lot in my childhood.
I was sick a lot when I was a kid.
I was sick and broken.
I was sick and had to stay indoors.
I was sick and lonely.
I was sick at the time.
I was sick at three in the morning.
I was sick for a long time.
I was sick four times during the night.
I was sick in October.
I was sick in the snow.
I was sick last week.
I was sick last weekend and stayed in bed all weekend.
I was sick last weekend and stayed in bed.
I was sick last weekend.
I was sick several times in the night.
I was sick three times.
I was sick to my stomach because I knew that we were not going to be able to land on the moon.
I was sick with worry.
I was sick yesterday, so I missed school.
I was sick yesterday, so I spent all day in bed.
I was sick, but I'm fine now.
I was sick, so I could not come to you.
I was sick, so I couldn't go to the concert.
I was sick, so I didn't go to school.
I was sick, so I stayed home from school.
I was sick, so I stayed home.
I was sick.
I was sick. I didn't want to give it to you.
I was sick; I stayed at home all day long.
I was sick; that's why I haven't been able to visit you.
I was sidetracked.
I was significantly older than her.
I was signing the documents.
I was silent for a little while.
I was simply entranced by the beauty of her face.
I was simply looking for someone like you.
I was sincere when I said I want to marry you.
I was singing in Berber.
I was singing.
I was sipping my cappuccino.
I was sipping my coffee.
I was sitting against the tree.
I was sitting all alone at a table near the door.
I was sitting at my computer, working.
I was sitting at the counter.
I was sitting at the table in my bedroom doing some school stuff.
I was sitting behind Tom.
I was sitting by myself.
I was sitting by the fire.
I was sitting by the pool.
I was sitting for a long time.
I was sitting in a chair in the patent office at Bern when all of sudden a thought occurred to me: If a person falls freely he will not feel his own weight. I was startled. This simple thought made a deep impression on me. It impelled me toward a theory of gravitation.
I was sitting in front.
I was sitting in my room thinking the matter over, when the door opened and Professor Moriarty stood before me.
I was sitting in the back.
I was sitting in the room.
I was sitting naked on the sofa.
I was sitting near the trail.
I was sitting next to Tom.
I was sitting next to a man who clearly had a lot on his mind.
I was sitting next to her.
I was sitting next to him.
I was sitting next to them.
I was sitting on my bed.
I was sitting on that beach.
I was sitting on the bench.
I was sitting on the couch half asleep.
I was sitting on the floor.
I was sitting on the ground.
I was sitting over there all morning.
I was sitting over there on that bench all morning.
I was sitting over there the whole time.
I was sitting there.
I was sitting very near the door.
I was sitting while smoking a pipe.
I was sitting with Tom in the cafeteria.
I was sitting.
I was sixteen in this picture, and Tom was ten.
I was sixteen years old when I got pregnant.
I was sixteen years younger than him.
I was skeptical at first.
I was skeptical to begin with.
I was skeptical to start with.
I was skeptical.
I was skiing last weekend.
I was skiing.
I was skinnier than usual.
I was skipping school.
I was slandered.
I was sleeping away from home.
I was sleeping on public property.
I was sleeping when Tom got here.
I was sleeping when my train arrived at the station, so I didn't get off.
I was sleeping while Tom and Mary were doing that.
I was sleeping while Tom was doing that.
I was sleeping with her.
I was sleeping.
I was sleepy before you came. I am quite wakeful now.
I was sleepy.
I was slightly surprised.
I was slow to understand the content, but better late than never.
I was slow.
I was slowly getting better.
I was smart.
I was smashed in the face.
I was smiling.
I was smitten with you.
I was smoking cigarettes.
I was smoking.
I was snacking.
I was sneaking out of the house.
I was so afraid that no one would ask me to dance.
I was so afraid.
I was so alone.
I was so angered yesterday, I just couldn't get a grip on my anger.
I was so angry with him that I could have grabbed him by the throat.
I was so angry.
I was so anxious while waiting for my son to come.
I was so bad, I don't think you can love me anymore.
I was so bad.
I was so bored.
I was so busy last week.
I was so busy today that I didn't have time to eat lunch.
I was so busy working that I completely forgot about Tom.
I was so busy.
I was so careful.
I was so certain.
I was so close to succeeding.
I was so cold.
I was so confused.
I was so depressed over the whole situation.
I was so disappointed.
I was so drunk last night.
I was so drunk the whole time that I took bottles for girls and girls for bottles.
I was so drunk.
I was so ecstatic that I couldn't believe it.
I was so embarrassed I didn't even know where to look.
I was so embarrassed.
I was so engrossed in building LEGOs that I missed passing into 2025.
I was so excited I couldn't eat anything.
I was so excited about it.
I was so excited that I could not fall asleep.
I was so excited that I couldn't eat anything.
I was so excited that I couldn't fall asleep.
I was so excited that I couldn't sleep a wink.
I was so excited!
I was so excited, and the first thing he did was take my hands into his and say, “Oh my God, you have his hands! I’m such a big fan of your Dad’s!”
I was so excited.
I was so exhausted.
I was so fat.
I was so fortunate.
I was so frustrated.
I was so furious.
I was so glad to be included.
I was so happy back then.
I was so happy that I couldn't sleep.
I was so happy that I forgot to offer my thanks.
I was so happy that I forgot to thank them.
I was so happy that I forgot to thank you.
I was so happy that day.
I was so happy to get your call.
I was so happy to see Mary again.
I was so happy to see Tom again.
I was so happy to see Tom.
I was so happy to see her.
I was so happy to see him.
I was so happy to see you at the party.
I was so happy when I saw the baby.
I was so happy yesterday.
I was so happy.
I was so homesick.
I was so hoping that a good night's sleep would lift my mood a bit.
I was so humiliated that I shudder at the memories to this day.
I was so humiliated.
I was so hungry that I ate it.
I was so hungry.
I was so immersed in my work that I forgot about our visit.
I was so impressed.
I was so incredibly bored.
I was so inspired.
I was so laidbacked that I had slept without realizing.
I was so lonesome.
I was so looking forward to that.
I was so mad I couldn't see straight.
I was so mad about that.
I was so mad.
I was so messed up last night.
I was so miserable.
I was so motivated.
I was so naive!
I was so nervous I almost threw up.
I was so nervous that I didn't even have the readiness to reply.
I was so nervous that she would catch sight of me.
I was so nervous.
I was so overcome with revulsion that I had to be sick.
I was so overcome with revulsion that I had to throw up.
I was so relaxed to the point of crying.
I was so relieved!
I was so rude.
I was so scared and shocked.
I was so scared that I could hardly think.
I was so scared, I almost peed my pants.
I was so scared.
I was so shocked.
I was so shy back then that I never spoke to anybody.
I was so shy back then that I never spoke to anyone.
I was so shy.
I was so sleepy that I unintentionally fell into a doze right where I was sitting.
I was so sorry to hear about your wife.
I was so stressed.
I was so sure it was Tom.
I was so sure that this was what I wanted.
I was so sure that wasn't going to happen.
I was so sure this was what I wanted.
I was so sure we were going to see that!
I was so surprised I couldn't speak.
I was so surprised that I couldn't speak.
I was so surprised.
I was so terrified.
I was so thirsty.
I was so thrilled.
I was so tired I couldn't eat.
I was so tired I couldn't sleep at night.
I was so tired that I awoke in the same position I fell asleep in.
I was so tired that I couldn't follow the thread of his speech.
I was so tired that I couldn't sleep.
I was so tired that I fell asleep on the hard marble floor.
I was so tired that I hardly noticed what the bedroom looked like.
I was so tired that I hardly noticed what the dormitory looked like.
I was so tired.
I was so unhappy then.
I was so unhappy.
I was so unlucky.
I was so weak that I couldn't even pick up a book.
I was so worried I was going to call the police.
I was so worried about Mary.
I was so worried about you.
I was so worried.
I was so wrong about Tom.
I was so wrong about her.
I was so wrong about him.
I was so wrong about them.
I was so wrong about you.
I was so wrong to blame everything on you.
I was so wrong when I told you that.
I was soaked to the skin.
I was sobbing uncontrollably.
I was sober when the aliens abducted me.
I was sober.
I was soldering the pipes.
I was somehow able to dodge the attack with ease.
I was somehow so awake that I couldn't sleep.
I was somehow so awake that I couldn’t sleep.
I was somewhat confused.
I was somewhat curious.
I was somewhat dumbfounded.
I was somewhat nervous.
I was somewhat taken aback by her honesty.
I was somewhere else.
I was somewhere in Algiers.
I was sore for three weeks.
I was sorry for no reason.
I was sorry that Ziri had to go through all of that.
I was sorry to hear about Tom.
I was sorry to hear about her.
I was sorry to hear about him.
I was sorry to hear about them.
I was sorry to hear about your divorce.
I was sorry to hear what happened.
I was sorry.
I was sort of expecting it, but it was still a bit of a downer.
I was sort of expecting that to happen.
I was sort of in the middle of something.
I was sound asleep when the fire started.
I was sound asleep.
I was sparing your feelings.
I was speaking Berber.
I was speaking and thinking in Berber.
I was speaking in Berber.
I was speaking only German.
I was speaking the truth.
I was speaking to Tom.
I was speaking to everyone.
I was speaking to him for an hour.
I was speaking to myself in Berber.
I was speaking to you.
I was speaking with Tom.
I was speaking with your friend.
I was speaking.
I was speechless at the revelation.
I was speechless for an instant.
I was speechless when she told me she wanted a divorce.
I was speechless with emotion.
I was speechless.
I was speeding at an unbelievable speed.
I was spending time with Taninna to learn Berber.
I was spiteful when I was thin, but now I’m fat again I want every one to be happy.
I was spot on.
I was spotted.
I was sprinting through the woods.
I was square.
I was stabbed in the back by my subordinate.
I was stabbed with a knife.
I was stabbed.
I was staggered for a moment.
I was stammering.
I was standing a few rows away.
I was standing behind Tom.
I was standing behind that bloody counter for 16 hours, 16 hours!
I was standing by the lake.
I was standing by the river.
I was standing in front of the tent.
I was standing in the clearing.
I was standing in the dark.
I was standing near the road.
I was standing next to Tom in the back of the auditorium.
I was standing next to Tom.
I was standing next to him.
I was standing on the doorstep.
I was standing on the edge of the woods.
I was standing on the porch.
I was standing out in the open.
I was standing right by the tent.
I was standing right there.
I was staring at Tom and he was staring at me.
I was staring at her in perfect silence.
I was staring down the street.
I was staring in that direction.
I was staring out the window.
I was stark naked.
I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
I was starting to feel dizzy.
I was starting to feel hungry.
I was starting to feel very dizzy.
I was starting to get annoyed.
I was starting to get irritated.
I was starting to get worried.
I was starting to hate those guys.
I was starting to lose hope.
I was starting to lose my temper.
I was starting to panic.
I was starting to seriously freak out.
I was starting to think Tom would sleep all day.
I was starting to think that you'd forgotten about me.
I was starting to think that you'd forgotten.
I was starting to think you'd forgotten about me.
I was starting to think you'd forgotten.
I was starting to worry about you.
I was starting to worry.
I was startled at the response.
I was startled beyond speech.
I was startled by how handsome he was.
I was startled for a second.
I was startled when I saw him.
I was startled when I saw it.
I was startled.
I was starving so I ate an entire pot of rice.
I was starving when I got home.
I was starving.
I was staying at the Aurassi Hotel.
I was still a neophyte in Congress and eagerly followed his leadership in this fight.
I was still a student then.
I was still an amateur at that time.
I was still angry.
I was still asleep when Tom left this morning.
I was still at home at that time.
I was still at home.
I was still awake when Tom got home.
I was still breathing.
I was still dubious.
I was still eating my breakfast when Tom came over.
I was still eating when the doorbell rang.
I was still feeling angry.
I was still in Kabylie at the time.
I was still in a state of shock.
I was still in college at that time.
I was still in shock and speechless.
I was still in shock.
I was still living in Australia at that time.
I was still living in Boston at that time.
I was still living with my parents then.
I was still lying on the floor.
I was still mad.
I was still single at that time.
I was still single back then.
I was still single in 2013.
I was still single then.
I was still there at that time.
I was still trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life.
I was stocking one of the shelves.
I was stoned.
I was stood up.
I was stopped and searched by police officers.
I was stopped by a police car last night.
I was stopping passers-by.
I was stranded on a small island.
I was strangled.
I was stretching myself on my toes.
I was strip-searched at the airport.
I was strolling down the avenue.
I was strong.
I was strongly against telling him what happened.
I was struck by Tom's words.
I was struck by a flying object.
I was struck by her beauty.
I was struck by lightning while golfing.
I was struck by lightning.
I was struck by what Tom said.
I was struck dumb with astonishment at the sight of her.
I was struck dumb with astonishment at the sight of her; but my emotions were nothing to those which showed themselves upon her face when our eyes met.
I was struck on the shoulder by a bullet, which shattered the bone and grazed the subclavian artery.
I was struggling to fall asleep.
I was struggling to keep awake.
I was struggling to stay awake.
I was struggling with Berber grammar.
I was struggling with various illnesses.
I was stubborn.
I was stuck in a bad relationship.
I was stuck in a queue.
I was stuck in a traffic jam for thirty minutes this afternoon.
I was stuck in a traffic jam.
I was stuck in confinement for thirty days until I decided to pay a bribe.
I was stuck in traffic all day.
I was stuck in traffic.
I was stuck inside all day.
I was stuck there for at least an hour.
I was stuck there for hours.
I was stuck.
I was studying English when you called yesterday.
I was studying French at the time.
I was studying French last night.
I was studying French when you called yesterday.
I was studying French.
I was studying Galician for five years.
I was studying Islam.
I was studying a famous Algerian writer.
I was studying late last night.
I was studying.
I was stung by a bee.
I was stung by a jellyfish once.
I was stung by a jellyfish.
I was stung by a scorpion.
I was stung by a wasp.
I was stung by a yellowjacket.
I was stung by an insect.
I was stung.
I was stunned by the news.
I was stunned by the speed of her reaction.
I was stunned by the speed of his reaction.
I was stunned by the speed of its reaction.
I was stunned by what I saw.
I was stunned by what happened.
I was stunned when I heard this.
I was stunned when the bomb blew up in front of me.
I was stunned.
I was stupefied.
I was stupid enough to believe Tom.
I was stupid enough to believe it.
I was stupid to make a mistake like that.
I was stupid to trust Tom.
I was stupid to trust her.
I was stupid to trust him.
I was stupid to trust them.
I was stupid to trust you.
I was stupid.
I was successful in meeting him.
I was such a fool the day I said yes.
I was suddenly aroused by a slight noise. It was like the sound which a mouse makes when it is gnawing a plank.
I was suddenly awakened by a loud noise.
I was suddenly left unemployed.
I was suddenly taken with a severe pain in my left ear.
I was suddenly unsure if I'd locked my car.
I was suddenly unsure whether I'd locked my car.
I was suddenly very worried.
I was suddenly wide awake.
I was suffering.
I was suffocating.
I was sunning myself on the balcony.
I was super excited to have her as a teacher.
I was super excited.
I was super unmotivated today.
I was supposed to be helping Tom.
I was supposed to be here at three o'clock, but my train was delayed.
I was supposed to be here yesterday.
I was supposed to be home a long time ago.
I was supposed to be home before midnight. My parents will kill me.
I was supposed to be in graduate school by now.
I was supposed to be studying, but I watched TV instead.
I was supposed to buy some milk on my way home, but I forgot.
I was supposed to do a course on how to avoid procrastination, but I kept putting it off.
I was supposed to do that by myself.
I was supposed to do that last night.
I was supposed to do that three days ago.
I was supposed to do that tonight.
I was supposed to do that yesterday, but I didn't.
I was supposed to do that yesterday.
I was supposed to do the dishes. My mother will skin me alive.
I was supposed to feed Tom's dog.
I was supposed to get off at last station.
I was supposed to get off at the fifth station.
I was supposed to get the train home yesterday, but there was a strike.
I was supposed to go there last summer.
I was supposed to go to Australia last week, but something came up and I couldn't go.
I was supposed to go to Australia last week, but something came up and I couldn't.
I was supposed to go to Australia last week.
I was supposed to go to Australia with Tom.
I was supposed to go to Boston last week.
I was supposed to go to Boston with Tom.
I was supposed to go to school yesterday, but I thought it was a holiday, so I didn't.
I was supposed to go to school.
I was supposed to have dinner with Mary.
I was supposed to have done that by 2:30.
I was supposed to have done that yesterday.
I was supposed to learn about everything and report it.
I was supposed to leave yesterday.
I was supposed to meet Tom after school.
I was supposed to meet Tom after work.
I was supposed to meet Tom here yesterday.
I was supposed to meet Tom here.
I was supposed to meet her here.
I was supposed to mow the lawn. My father will have my hide.
I was supposed to race this week, but I had to drop out since I got sick.
I was supposed to see a doctor.
I was supposed to study English, but I prefer watching this movie.
I was supposed to take Tom to dinner.
I was supposed to take Tom to the airport.
I was supposed to tell Tom where to go.
I was supposed to travel yesterday, but the flight was eventually cancelled.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
I was sure I had never seen him before.
I was sure I heard something.
I was sure I understood it, but on thinking it over, I realized I didn't know at all.
I was sure I understood it, but on thinking it over, I realized I didn’t know at all.
I was sure I was going to die.
I was sure I was right, but his arguments swayed me and I changed my mind.
I was sure I would find you here.
I was sure I'd find you here.
I was sure of his success, since he had already climbed the mountain three times.
I was sure of it.
I was sure of receiving a good welcome.
I was sure of the way I wanted to take.
I was sure she appeared in the movie, but I didn't see her name in the credits.
I was sure that Tom would be there.
I was sure that that would happen.
I was sure that you'd change your mind.
I was sure to find you here.
I was sure we could trust Tom.
I was sure you would change your mind.
I was sure you wouldn't like it.
I was sure you'd change your mind.
I was sure you'd come.
I was sure.
I was surfing on the internet at this time yesterday.
I was surprised I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same things that you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same things you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't need to do that.
I was surprised Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
I was surprised Tom and Mary were there this morning.
I was surprised Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
I was surprised Tom couldn't do that better than he did.
I was surprised Tom couldn't do that.
I was surprised Tom couldn't speak French.
I was surprised Tom did that.
I was surprised Tom didn't come yesterday.
I was surprised Tom didn't do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't eat anything.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do what everybody else had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do what everyone else had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't know how to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't know how to swim.
I was surprised Tom didn't like the food that Mary served him.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing that I needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do what I needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do what everybody else needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do what everyone else needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do the same thing I wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do the same thing that I wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do what I wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do what everybody else wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do what everyone else wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't win.
I was surprised Tom had to do that.
I was surprised Tom needed to do that.
I was surprised Tom refused to do that.
I was surprised Tom said that.
I was surprised Tom spoke French so well.
I was surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I was surprised Tom was confused.
I was surprised Tom was there this morning.
I was surprised Tom was there.
I was surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I was surprised Tom wasn't afraid to go there by himself.
I was surprised Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I was surprised Tom wasn't there.
I was surprised about it.
I was surprised and became sad.
I was surprised as well.
I was surprised at John's death.
I was surprised at John’s death.
I was surprised at her immediate recognition of me.
I was surprised at her inability to do things promptly.
I was surprised at her sudden visit.
I was surprised at his attitude, it wasn't like him.
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.
I was surprised at his success at all.
I was surprised at his sudden appearance.
I was surprised at how expensive the shoes were.
I was surprised at just how many languages there are in the world.
I was surprised at the answer.
I was surprised at the discovery.
I was surprised at the news of his death.
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death.
I was surprised at the news this morning.
I was surprised at the news.
I was surprised at the sudden thunder.
I was surprised at this news.
I was surprised at what Tom knew about me.
I was surprised at what Tom told me.
I was surprised at you and your brother appearing on TV.
I was surprised because he lifted me up with ease.
I was surprised because it was very big.
I was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake.
I was surprised because the concert ended all too soon.
I was surprised by Tom's behavior.
I was surprised by Tom's candor.
I was surprised by Tom's response.
I was surprised by Tom's strength.
I was surprised by Tom's sudden appearance.
I was surprised by Tom's sudden visit.
I was surprised by her stupidity.
I was surprised by her sudden visit.
I was surprised by his perseverance.
I was surprised by his resignation.
I was surprised by his rudeness.
I was surprised by his stupidity.
I was surprised by his sudden appearance.
I was surprised by how completely in thrall she was to him.
I was surprised by how many people came to meet us at the airport.
I was surprised by how miserable Tom looked.
I was surprised by how well Tom could speak French.
I was surprised by it.
I was surprised by that.
I was surprised by the answer.
I was surprised by the news that Mary had won the first prize.
I was surprised by the news this morning.
I was surprised by the question.
I was surprised by their bad manners.
I was surprised by their stupidity.
I was surprised by what I found.
I was surprised by what I learned.
I was surprised by what I saw last week in Boston.
I was surprised by what Tom did.
I was surprised by what Tom said.
I was surprised by what Tom told me.
I was surprised by what happened.
I was surprised by what we found.
I was surprised by your letter.
I was surprised by your sudden appearance.
I was surprised how difficult it was to do that.
I was surprised how easy it was to do that.
I was surprised how hard it was to do that.
I was surprised how many people came to meet us at the airport.
I was surprised how quickly Tom was able to do that.
I was surprised no one had added that sentence before.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same things that you had to do.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same things you had to do.
I was surprised that I didn't need to do that.
I was surprised that Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
I was surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I was surprised that Tom and Mary weren't there.
I was surprised that Tom couldn't do that better than he did.
I was surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
I was surprised that Tom couldn't speak French.
I was surprised that Tom did that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't come yesterday.
I was surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't go fishing last weekend.
I was surprised that Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what everybody else had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what everyone else had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't know how to swim.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing that I needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what I needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what everybody else needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what everyone else needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do the same thing I wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do the same thing that I wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what I wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what everybody else wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what everyone else wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't win.
I was surprised that Tom had to do that.
I was surprised that Tom needed to do that.
I was surprised that Tom refused to do that.
I was surprised that Tom said that.
I was surprised that Tom spoke French so well.
I was surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I was surprised that Tom was able to buy grenades.
I was surprised that Tom was among the suspects in the murder.
I was surprised that Tom was confused.
I was surprised that Tom was there this morning.
I was surprised that Tom was there.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't afraid to go there by himself.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't at the party.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't there.
I was surprised that a young person like that would get herself involved in such violence.
I was surprised that he had failed.
I was surprised that he really had a strong resemblance to his father.
I was surprised that he was a foreigner.
I was surprised that her hobby was karate. She always wears cute clothes.
I was surprised that my son cleaned his room, even though I didn't tell him to.
I was surprised that she could speak ten languages.
I was surprised that she recognized me right away.
I was surprised that when I heard that people really don't eat leafy vegetables.
I was surprised that when I heard that people really don’t eat leafy vegetables.
I was surprised that you won the prize.
I was surprised the teacher didn't do that to me.
I was surprised to be called in.
I was surprised to come across vending machines that sell cans of coffee, where you can even choose between hot and cold ones.
I was surprised to find five Suzukis in my class.
I was surprised to find it on fire.
I was surprised to find out how completely in thrall she is to him.
I was surprised to find out that I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised to find out that I didn't need to do that.
I was surprised to find out that Tom could play the trombone.
I was surprised to find out that Tom could speak French.
I was surprised to find out that Tom had children.
I was surprised to find out that Tom was Canadian.
I was surprised to find the door locked.
I was surprised to find the door unlocked.
I was surprised to find three Jacksons in my class.
I was surprised to find what I found.
I was surprised to get a call back from the police.
I was surprised to get a call from Tom.
I was surprised to get your call, Tom.
I was surprised to get your call.
I was surprised to hear Tom agreed to Lena's demands.
I was surprised to hear Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
I was surprised to hear Tom had done that.
I was surprised to hear from Tom.
I was surprised to hear from you.
I was surprised to hear her voice in the next room.
I was surprised to hear my name called.
I was surprised to hear of his failure.
I was surprised to hear that Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
I was surprised to hear that Tom failed.
I was surprised to hear that Tom had done that.
I was surprised to hear that she passed for a model here.
I was surprised to hear that there are people who participate in "inside a coffin experiences" similar to those funerals held for still living people.
I was surprised to hear the news.
I was surprised to learn that Tom and Mary were liberals.
I was surprised to learn that Tom was a liberal.
I was surprised to learn that a stingray can actually regenerate its stinger if it gets broken off.
I was surprised to learn that the library had only about four thousand books.
I was surprised to learn what Tom knew about me.
I was surprised to not have to do the same things as you.
I was surprised to see Tom at Mary's party.
I was surprised to see Tom at the concert.
I was surprised to see Tom at the party.
I was surprised to see Tom do that.
I was surprised to see Tom there.
I was surprised to see Tom's car in Mary's driveway.
I was surprised to see Tom.
I was surprised to see a lion on the street.
I was surprised to see a lion.
I was surprised to see an old friend of mine there.
I was surprised to see him here.
I was surprised to see him there.
I was surprised to see so many people at the concert.
I was surprised to see so many people in the park.
I was surprised to see that happen.
I was surprised to see you here.
I was surprised to see you yesterday.
I was surprised when I found out Tom had a motorcycle.
I was surprised when I found out Tom was born in Australia.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom couldn't speak French.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom had a motorcycle.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom used to be a French teacher.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom used to be a policeman.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom used to be a professional golfer.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom was a vegetarian.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom was born in Australia.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom was born in Boston.
I was surprised when I found that my father could do that.
I was surprised when I got a call from my daughter's workplace, saying that she had suddenly collapsed. She had struck her head, so I was worried, but was relieved when I was notified by the hospital that they had found nothing wrong with her.
I was surprised when I heard Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I was surprised when I heard Tom had committed suicide.
I was surprised when I heard Tom say that.
I was surprised when I heard Tom singing.
I was surprised when I heard Tom speaking French.
I was surprised when I heard somebody calling my name.
I was surprised when I heard someone calling my name.
I was surprised when I heard that Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I was surprised when I heard that Tom had committed suicide.
I was surprised when I saw Tom and Mary do that.
I was surprised when I saw Tom do that.
I was surprised when I saw Tom doing that.
I was surprised when I saw Tom hit Mary.
I was surprised when I saw Tom in the office this morning.
I was surprised when I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I was surprised when I saw Tom playing with a doll.
I was surprised when I saw her red hair.
I was surprised when I saw that.
I was surprised when I saw what Tom was wearing.
I was surprised when I saw you guys kissing.
I was surprised when Mary asked me to help her write the report.
I was surprised when Mary asked me to play tennis with her.
I was surprised when Mary said she was going to study abroad.
I was surprised when Mary said she was planning on going to Boston.
I was surprised when Mary said she was planning to go to Boston.
I was surprised when Mary said she was unhappy here.
I was surprised when Mary said she wasn't very happy here.
I was surprised when Mary told me she loved me.
I was surprised when Mary told me she'd done that.
I was surprised when Mary told me what she'd done.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she did that.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she had to do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she needed to do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom admitted he was the one who had stolen my wheelbarrow.
I was surprised when Tom admitted that he was the one who had stolen my wheelbarrow.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary asked me to help them write the report.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary asked me to play tennis with them.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were going to study abroad.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were planning on going to Boston.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were planning to go to Boston.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were unhappy here.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they weren't very happy here.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me they'd done that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me what they'd done.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they did that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they needed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom asked me to help him write the report.
I was surprised when Tom asked me to play tennis with him.
I was surprised when Tom asked me to the dance.
I was surprised when Tom bought a round of drinks for everyone at the bar.
I was surprised when Tom did that.
I was surprised when Tom didn't thank me for the gift.
I was surprised when Tom left without saying goodbye.
I was surprised when Tom offered to pay for everything.
I was surprised when Tom said he was applying for a job at our company.
I was surprised when Tom said he was going to study abroad.
I was surprised when Tom said he was planning to go to Australia.
I was surprised when Tom said he was planning to go to Boston.
I was surprised when Tom said he was unhappy here.
I was surprised when Tom said he wasn't very happy here.
I was surprised when Tom said that he was planning to go to Australia.
I was surprised when Tom showed up on time.
I was surprised when Tom started crying.
I was surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me I had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me I needed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't want to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary needed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me about that.
I was surprised when Tom told me about what Mary did.
I was surprised when Tom told me about what had happened.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he loved me.
I was surprised when Tom told me he needed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he was planning to get married.
I was surprised when Tom told me he'd done that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he'd spent three years in prison.
I was surprised when Tom told me that Mary didn't want to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he loved me.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he needed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he was planning to get married.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he'd done that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent three years in prison.
I was surprised when Tom told me that.
I was surprised when Tom told me what Mary had done.
I was surprised when Tom told me what had happened.
I was surprised when Tom told me what he'd done.
I was surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone to college.
I was surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone.
I was surprised when Tom told me where the picnic was going to be.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he did that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he needed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why we had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why we should do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me you didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me you didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me.
I was surprised when you told me I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised you won the prize.
I was surprised, shocked even.
I was surprised, therefore, when, one morning in June, as I sat reading the British Medical Journal after breakfast, I heard a ring at the bell, followed by the high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion's voice.
I was surprised, to say the least.
I was surprised, too.
I was surprised.
I was surrounded by bushes.
I was surrounded by friendly people.
I was surrounded by likeable people.
I was surrounded by nice people.
I was surrounded by nothing but nature.
I was surrounded by trees.
I was suspected of being a thief because I was hanging about near the jeweler's.
I was suspected of being a thief because I was hanging about near the jeweler’s.
I was suspected to be the criminal.
I was suspected.
I was suspecting something similar.
I was suspended from school for disorderly conduct.
I was suspended from school.
I was suspended from work for a week.
I was suspended.
I was suspicious of Tom from the start.
I was suspicious.
I was swamped with homework.
I was swamped with work.
I was sweating a little bit.
I was sweating bullets.
I was sweating from all pores.
I was sweating so much.
I was sweating.
I was swimming in an ocean of sweat. I just emerged.
I was swimming in the pool at that time.
I was swimming in the pool for an hour.
I was swimming in the river.
I was swimming in the river. A huge crocodile came towards me to eat me. I fought it and killed it. It sank into the water.
I was swimming.
I was sworn to secrecy.
I was sympathetic.
I was taken aback at the answer.
I was taken aback at the shadow.
I was taken aback by a thunderclap.
I was taken aback by his ashen complexion.
I was taken aback by his rudeness.
I was taken aback by the news.
I was taken aback by their animosity towards us.
I was taken aback.
I was taken advantage of by Tom.
I was taken advantage of.
I was taken back to the station.
I was taken by surprise.
I was taken completely by surprise.
I was taken for a ride.
I was taken in by her promise.
I was taken in by his gentle manner.
I was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners.
I was taken in by the salesman.
I was taken in.
I was taken prisoner.
I was taken to a circus for the first time.
I was taken to a psychiatric hospital.
I was taken to jail.
I was taken to the ER.
I was taken up to the third floor.
I was taken.
I was taking Berber classes in high school.
I was taking Berber in that grade.
I was taking a bath at that time.
I was taking a bath when he came.
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.
I was taking a bath when you called me.
I was taking a bath.
I was taking a dump.
I was taking a little nap.
I was taking a peek at a red-light movie magazine.
I was taking a shower then.
I was taking a shower, so I didn't hear the phone.
I was taking a shower.
I was taking a walk with my brother.
I was taking a walk.
I was taking care of Tom.
I was taking care of her.
I was taking care of him.
I was taking care of them.
I was taking notes.
I was taking pictures of that homeless man.
I was taking pictures of the homeless man.
I was taking pictures.
I was talented.
I was talkative.
I was talked into doing something stupid.
I was talking about Tom, not Mary.
I was talking about Tom.
I was talking about clothes.
I was talking about her.
I was talking about him.
I was talking about it last night.
I was talking about me.
I was talking about mushrooms.
I was talking about myself.
I was talking about school with my son.
I was talking about something else.
I was talking about the Spanish language, and how youngsters nowadays modernize it like so.
I was talking about the problem with Tom.
I was talking about them.
I was talking about two different people.
I was talking about you with him.
I was talking about you.
I was talking on my cell phone.
I was talking to Andrea when Valentina broke in.
I was talking to Dad.
I was talking to Tom about something else.
I was talking to Tom about what happened last night.
I was talking to Tom before.
I was talking to Tom earlier.
I was talking to Tom the other day.
I was talking to Tom today.
I was talking to Tom when it happened.
I was talking to Tom yesterday, and when I told him I was interested in programming he recommended Python to me. Mary, do you know anything about it?
I was talking to Tom yesterday.
I was talking to Tom, not Mary.
I was talking to Tom.
I was talking to another employee.
I was talking to everyone.
I was talking to her friend.
I was talking to her, not to you.
I was talking to her.
I was talking to him, not you.
I was talking to him.
I was talking to my family.
I was talking to myself in my head.
I was talking to myself.
I was talking to someone on the phone.
I was talking to the moon.
I was talking to them, not to you.
I was talking to them.
I was talking to you.
I was talking with Tom through Skype for about an hour.
I was talking with Tom through Skype.
I was talking with Tom.
I was talking.
I was tall for my age.
I was targeted by her.
I was taught English at school.
I was taught English by a foreigner.
I was taught French at school.
I was taught something different.
I was taught to pull a fast one.
I was taught to respect my elders.
I was taught to shoot first and ask questions later.
I was teaching Berber at that time.
I was teaching Berber.
I was teaching French.
I was teaching history.
I was teaching.
I was teasing Linda.
I was telling jokes.
I was telling my kids about Tom.
I was telling the truth.
I was tempted to call Tom.
I was tempted to call in sick.
I was tempted to do that.
I was tempted to eat all the cookies.
I was tempted to go home early.
I was tempted to go swimming even though the lifeguard was not yet on duty.
I was tempted to lie, but I didn't.
I was tempted to skip class and go home early.
I was tempted to tell Tom the truth.
I was tempted to wait.
I was tempted.
I was ten minutes late for school.
I was ten minutes late.
I was ten years old when it all started.
I was tense.
I was terrible at it.
I was terrible.
I was terribly angry.
I was terribly confused by his question.
I was terribly frightened.
I was terribly hungry.
I was terribly offended.
I was terribly upset.
I was terribly worried.
I was terrified of making a boorish impression in front of everyone.
I was terrified of receiving a frightening answer.
I was terrified of that teacher.
I was terrified to death.
I was terrified to get out of the car.
I was terrified.
I was tested.
I was texting her in Berber.
I was thankful I was unharmed.
I was thankful for the chance to do that.
I was the CEO.
I was the CO.
I was the RA.
I was the beauty of the island.
I was the best swimmer on the team.
I was the best.
I was the brains of the operation.
I was the cook.
I was the cynosure of all eyes.
I was the cynosure of every eye.
I was the director for three years.
I was the first in line.
I was the first in the group.
I was the first one here this morning.
I was the first one here.
I was the first one to do that.
I was the first person to do that.
I was the first to arrive at the restaurant.
I was the first to begin speaking.
I was the first to discover what had occurred.
I was the first to leave.
I was the first to read the letter.
I was the first to sign up.
I was the go-between.
I was the happiest human on earth.
I was the happiest man in the world.
I was the happiest man on earth.
I was the happiest person in the world.
I was the last in line.
I was the last one out.
I was the last one to arrive.
I was the last one to do that.
I was the last one to fall asleep.
I was the last one to finish the exam.
I was the last one to know about that.
I was the last one to know.
I was the last one to see Tom.
I was the last one to see her.
I was the last one to see him alive.
I was the last one to see him.
I was the last one to see them.
I was the last one to start in the race, but I soon caught up with the others.
I was the last one to turn in my test.
I was the last person to do that.
I was the last person to leave.
I was the last to arrive.
I was the last to finish the exam.
I was the last to know.
I was the last to leave the office.
I was the last to leave.
I was the lucky guy.
I was the one chosen.
I was the one driving.
I was the one that made Tom do that.
I was the one that paid.
I was the one that taught Tom how to drive.
I was the one that was right all along.
I was the one who actually did that.
I was the one who became pregnant.
I was the one who bought all of those pens.
I was the one who bought everything.
I was the one who bought what you just ate.
I was the one who brought them here.
I was the one who built this doghouse.
I was the one who built this.
I was the one who called.
I was the one who convinced Tom not to do that again.
I was the one who convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
I was the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I was the one who convinced Tom to do that.
I was the one who convinced Tom to learn how to do that.
I was the one who convinced Tom to start doing that.
I was the one who convinced Tom to stop doing that.
I was the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
I was the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I was the one who decorated the room.
I was the one who did that, not Tom.
I was the one who did that, not you.
I was the one who did that.
I was the one who did the cooking.
I was the one who did the wrong thing, not you.
I was the one who drank Tom's wine.
I was the one who drew this.
I was the one who dug this hole.
I was the one who gave that to Tom.
I was the one who got Tom out of that mess.
I was the one who had to do that.
I was the one who had to make it happen.
I was the one who had to tell Tom.
I was the one who helped Tom get out of that mess.
I was the one who introduced Tom to his wife.
I was the one who invited Tom.
I was the one who killed your brother.
I was the one who knocked on the door.
I was the one who made Tom and Mary do that.
I was the one who made Tom do that.
I was the one who made dinner last night.
I was the one who made that.
I was the one who moved the desk.
I was the one who needed to do that.
I was the one who packed the book.
I was the one who paid for the food.
I was the one who paid the toll.
I was the one who said that.
I was the one who said we should give Tom another chance.
I was the one who said we should wait.
I was the one who scratched it, but this kind of scratch is easy to fix.
I was the one who should have done that.
I was the one who should have left early.
I was the one who should've done that.
I was the one who should've left early.
I was the one who showed Tom how to do that.
I was the one who started the fight.
I was the one who started this.
I was the one who stayed up all night to keep the fire burning.
I was the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
I was the one who stole Tom's wallet.
I was the one who stole the money.
I was the one who suggested Tom keep a journal.
I was the one who suggested it.
I was the one who suggested that Tom hire a bodyguard.
I was the one who taught Tom French.
I was the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I was the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I was the one who taught Tom how to play the mandolin.
I was the one who taught Tom how to read.
I was the one who taught Tom how to say "thank you" in French.
I was the one who taught Tom how to shoot a gun.
I was the one who taught Tom to read.
I was the one who taught Tom to sing like that.
I was the one who told Mary that she had to do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she needed to do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she should do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they should do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom not to do that.
I was the one who told Tom that he had to do that.
I was the one who told Tom that he needed to do that.
I was the one who told Tom that he should do that.
I was the one who told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom to come here.
I was the one who told Tom to do that.
I was the one who told her that.
I was the one who wanted that.
I was the one who wanted to do that.
I was the one who was right.
I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I was the one who washed the dishes.
I was the one who wrote the user manual for this software.
I was the only Muslim in the village.
I was the only adult other than the driver on the bus.
I was the only child to enroll in college.
I was the only man at the meeting.
I was the only man in the audience.
I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.
I was the only man there.
I was the only man.
I was the only one allowed to do that.
I was the only one at the meeting who didn't think that was a good idea.
I was the only one at the meeting who liked Tom's idea.
I was the only one drunk at the party.
I was the only one here.
I was the only one in the room who knew Tom was planning to get married.
I was the only one in the room who knew that Tom was planning to get married.
I was the only one left.
I was the only one not invited to the party.
I was the only one on the bus, other than the driver.
I was the only one other than the driver on the bus.
I was the only one permitted to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom couldn't understand French.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom wanted to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom was going to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom couldn't understand French.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom wanted to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom was going to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know what Tom had done.
I was the only one there who knew Tom didn't want to be there.
I was the only one there who knew Tom didn't want to do that.
I was the only one there who knew Tom wanted to do that.
I was the only one there who knew Tom was unhappy.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom didn't want to be there.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom wanted to do that.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom was unhappy.
I was the only one to answer Tom.
I was the only one to get arrested.
I was the only one to get here on time.
I was the only one to leave.
I was the only one wearing a tie.
I was the only one who answered Tom.
I was the only one who could answer the question correctly.
I was the only one who couldn't do that.
I was the only one who did that.
I was the only one who didn't cry.
I was the only one who didn't do that.
I was the only one who didn't eat any dessert.
I was the only one who didn't eat dessert.
I was the only one who didn't fall into the trap.
I was the only one who didn't go swimming.
I was the only one who didn't have to do that.
I was the only one who didn't know Tom had been in prison.
I was the only one who didn't know how to speak French.
I was the only one who didn't know.
I was the only one who didn't laugh.
I was the only one who got arrested.
I was the only one who got fired.
I was the only one who got here on time.
I was the only one who got hurt in that accident.
I was the only one who got injured.
I was the only one who got paid.
I was the only one who got punished.
I was the only one who got shot.
I was the only one who had to do that.
I was the only one who had to do this.
I was the only one who knew Tom and Mary were coming.
I was the only one who knew Tom was coming.
I was the only one who knew about it.
I was the only one who knew about that.
I was the only one who knew where Tom had gone.
I was the only one who laughed.
I was the only one who needed to do that.
I was the only one who remained sitting.
I was the only one who remained.
I was the only one who stayed.
I was the only one who survived.
I was the only one who wanted to do that.
I was the only one who was arrested.
I was the only patient in the waiting room.
I was the only person Tom asked to do this.
I was the only person in the office.
I was the only person in the whole theater that was alone.
I was the only person that Tom asked to do this.
I was the only person there that Tom seemed to trust.
I was the only survivor.
I was the only who did that.
I was the only woman on the committee.
I was the only woman there.
I was the only woman.
I was the outsider today.
I was the pitcher.
I was the recipient of a large settlement.
I was the recipient of the package.
I was the referee that evening.
I was the same age as you.
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.
I was the shorter of us two.
I was the sole survivor.
I was the star of the show.
I was the star.
I was the student body president in high school.
I was the third one here today.
I was the third one there this morning.
I was the third person in line.
I was the toughest kid in the neighborhood.
I was the very first one to do that.
I was the victim of an accident.
I was the victim.
I was the winner.
I was the worst student in the class.
I was there a short time.
I was there a year ago.
I was there all alone at first, but then came Liisa and her new friend.
I was there all day.
I was there all the time.
I was there alone with Tom.
I was there and I saw that.
I was there and saw everything.
I was there as well.
I was there at the exact minute.
I was there at the same time Tom and Mary were.
I was there at the same time Tom was.
I was there by accident.
I was there by myself.
I was there early so that I might get a good seat.
I was there first.
I was there for Tom.
I was there for a short time.
I was there for four weeks.
I was there for hours.
I was there for three days.
I was there for three hours.
