How is the weather in Thessaloniki?
How is the weather in your country?
How is the weather outside?
How is the weather there?
How is the weather today?
How is the weather where you are?
How is the weather?
How is the week going for you?
How is the wife?
How is the word "pretty" pronounced?
How is the word accented?
How is the word pronounced?
How is the work progressing?
How is thee?
How is their house?
How is this a problem?
How is this airline?
How is this called?
How is this card used?
How is this connected to that?
How is this device used?
How is this different?
How is this dish made?
How is this dish prepared?
How is this eaten?
How is this even possible?
How is this explained?
How is this fair?
How is this going to impact the Algerian economy?
How is this going to work?
How is this machine operated?
How is this my fault?
How is this my problem now?
How is this my problem?
How is this one different from that one?
How is this our problem?
How is this phrase to be interpreted?
How is this plan?
How is this possible?
How is this pronounced?
How is this relevant?
How is this sentence translated?
How is this still happening?
How is this supposed to be funny?
How is this supposed to work?
How is this teacher?
How is this to be understood?
How is this tool used?
How is this word pronounced, sir?
How is this word pronounced?
How is this word written?
How is this your problem?
How is this?
How is vodka made?
How is what you're doing going to help?
How is whiskey made?
How is whitespace represented in regular expressions?
How is work taking you?
How is work?
How is your Berber?
How is your bicycle different from mine?
How is your brother?
How is your business going?
How is your business?
How is your campaign going?
How is your cold?
How is your dad?
How is your daughter?
How is your day going?
How is your family doing?
How is your family name written?
How is your family?
How is your father doing lately?
How is your father doing these days?
How is your father?
How is your first name pronounced?
How is your foot healing?
How is your friend?
How is your girlfriend?
How is your grandfather doing?
How is your grandmother?
How is your hand, by the way?
How is your health?
How is your hearing?
How is your heart problem?
How is your home heated?
How is your host family?
How is your house?
How is your husband doing?
How is your husband?
How is your job hunting going?
How is your job search going?
How is your last name written?
How is your learning of Berber going?
How is your life?
How is your little sister?
How is your love life going?
How is your love life?
How is your mother taking it all?
How is your mother?
How is your name pronounced?
How is your name spelled?
How is your name spelt?
How is your new class?
How is your new flat?
How is your new girlfriend?
How is your progress?
How is your project coming along?
How is your project progressing?
How is your relationship with your father?
How is your relationship with your mother?
How is your religion relevant on planet Mars?
How is your ship called?
How is your sister?
How is your spring going?
How is your stomach?
How is your summer going?
How is your surname pronounced?
How is your surname written?
How is your term paper coming along?
How is your vision?
How is your weekend going so far?
How is your weekend so far?
How is your wife doing?
How is your wife?
How is your work coming along?
How is your work getting along?
How is your work going?
How it blows!
How it ended up here is impossible to know for sure.
How kind Kate is!
How kind of him to help us move on such a rainy day!
How kind of you to help me!
How kind of you to offer.
How kind of you!
How kind she is.
How kind you are to come all the way to see me off!
How kind you are!
How kitschy!
How large a sum did they raise?
How large are they?
How large is Alaska?
How large is Algeria's military?
How large is Boston?
How large is it?
How large is the audience?
How large is the pizza they serve at that restaurant?
How large is the population of New York City?
How large is the population of Shizuoka City?
How large is the population of Tokyo?
How large is the population of this city?
How large is the universe?
How large is your bedroom?
How large is your family?
How large is your hard drive?
How large is your room?
How large was it?
How large was the audience?
How large was the judgment against you?
How large were they?
How large will the price increase be?
How late am I?
How late are the shops open today?
How late are the stores open?
How late are you going to stay?
How late are you open?
How late are you planning to stay up?
How late are you staying up?
How late can I check in?
How late can I ring?
How late did Tom work yesterday?
How late did you stay at the party last night?
How late did you stay at the party?
How late did you stay up last night?
How late did you stay up?
How late did you stay?
How late do you stay open?
How late do you stay out on weekends?
How late do you stay up at night?
How late do you stay up every night?
How late do you think Chuck's Diner stays open?
How late do you think you'll stay out tonight?
How late do you usually stay at the office?
How late do you usually stay up during the week?
How late do you usually stay up on weekends?
How late do you usually stay up?
How late do you usually wake up on weekends?
How late does the flower shop stay open?
How late does the library stay open on Monday?
How late does the post office stay open?
How late does the shopping center stay open?
How late does the train run today?
How late does the zoo stay open?
How late does this building stay open?
How late does your favorite restaurant stay open?
How late is it?
How late is late ?
How late is the bank open?
How late is the last train?
How late is the shopping centre open?
How late is the store open?
How late is too late to call someone?
How late is too late?
How late may I call you?
How late was Tom?
How late was the train?
How late were you?
How late will you be out tonight?
How late will you be staying up?
How late will you stay up tonight?
How late will you stay up?
How late!
How lazy are you really?
How lazy can you be?
How lazy those boys are!
How lazy you are!
How legal is it?
How legal is that?
How likely are you to be sacked?
How likely can the job of a translator be replaced by automated translators?
How likely is it that Tom will be arrested?
How likely is it that two people have the same birthday?
How likely is that to happen?
How likely is that?
How likely is this to happen again?
How little do we know that which we are! How less what we may be!
How little you know me...
How lonely and helpless she must feel left all by herself!
How long I'll be in hospital, I don't know.
How long I'll be staying in hospital, I don't know.
How long Stefan has been living in Isabella's basement is unknown.
How long a minute can be depends on which side of the toilet door you're on.
How long a rope do you need?
How long a string do you need?
How long adolescence continues is determined by biological factors.
How long after that did Tom die?
How long after that did you leave?
How long ago did Tom and Mary get married?
How long ago did Tom die?
How long ago did Tom leave?
How long ago did Tom move to Australia?
How long ago did Tom move to Boston?
How long ago did Tom say that?
How long ago did he die?
How long ago did he leave?
How long ago did it happen?
How long ago did she leave?
How long ago did that happen?
How long ago did the author die?
How long ago did the bus leave?
How long ago did they pass that law?
How long ago did you do that?
How long ago did you find this?
How long ago did you get here?
How long ago did you have surgery?
How long ago did you hit your head?
How long ago did you move here?
How long ago did you retire?
How long ago did you start learning Esperanto?
How long ago did you start learning French?
How long ago did you start studying French?
How long ago was Brazil discovered?
How long ago was it that that happened?
How long ago was it that you lived in Australia?
How long ago was it that you lived in Boston?
How long ago was it?
How long ago was that tragedy?
How long ago was that?
How long ago was this bridge built?
How long ago was this building built?
How long ago was this picture taken?
How long ago was this?
How long ago were you a high school student?
How long ago were you in Boston?
How long am I going to have to stay in the hospital?
How long am I supposed to stay here?
How long an extension cord do you need?
How long are Tom and I supposed to stay here?
How long are Tom and Mary going to be there?
How long are the shops open on Saturdays?
How long are they staying here?
How long are they?
How long are we going to be in Australia?
How long are we going to be in Boston?
How long are we going to be stuck here?
How long are we going to do this?
How long are we going to wait?
How long are we just going to sit here?
How long are we supposed to keep this up?
How long are you going for?
How long are you going on holiday for?
How long are you going on holiday?
How long are you going to be away?
How long are you going to be doing that?
How long are you going to be down there for?
How long are you going to be gone this time?
How long are you going to be here?
How long are you going to be hiding away there?
How long are you going to be in Australia?
How long are you going to be in Boston?
How long are you going to be in London?
How long are you going to be in Oxford for?
How long are you going to be in Scotland?
How long are you going to be in town?
How long are you going to be out?
How long are you going to be seeing that loser of a boyfriend?
How long are you going to be staying with us?
How long are you going to be there?
How long are you going to be up north?
How long are you going to be?
How long are you going to cling to past glory?
How long are you going to do this?
How long are you going to just sit there and do nothing?
How long are you going to just sit there?
How long are you going to keep doing that?
How long are you going to keep doing this?
How long are you going to keep eating?
How long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment?
How long are you going to keep whimpering about that? You can't change the past.
How long are you going to keep whimpering about that? You can’t change the past.
How long are you going to let Tom sleep?
How long are you going to live in Australia?
How long are you going to live in Boston?
How long are you going to live in Shanghai?
How long are you going to sleep, Tom? It's already 11.
How long are you going to stay here?
How long are you going to stay in Australia?
How long are you going to stay in Boston?
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
How long are you going to stay in Oxford?
How long are you going to stay in Shanghai?
How long are you going to stay there?
How long are you going to stay?
How long are you going to tolerate his tyranny?
How long are you going to wait for Tom?
How long are you here for?
How long are you in town, Tom?
How long are you in town?
How long are you planning on being here?
How long are you planning on being in Australia?
How long are you planning on being in Boston?
How long are you planning on staying here?
How long are you planning on staying?
How long are you planning to be in Australia?
How long are you planning to do that?
How long are you planning to stay here?
How long are you planning to stay in Australia?
How long are you planning to stay in Boston?
How long are you planning to stay?
How long are you staying here?
How long are you staying in Athens?
How long are you staying in Australia?
How long are you staying in Japan?
How long are you staying in our country for?
How long are you staying in town?
How long are you staying?
How long are you willing to wait?
How long are your summer holidays?
How long before the game starts?
How long can I borrow it?
How long can I borrow this book?
How long can I keep it for?
How long can I keep it?
How long can I keep this book?
How long can I stay here?
How long can I take off work for parental leave?
How long can Tom last?
How long can Tom stay here?
How long can Tom stay?
How long can a dead language survive?
How long can a giraffe live?
How long can a person live without water?
How long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?
How long can that last?
How long can the world stand by and watch these atrocities?
How long can they stay underwater?
How long can this go on?
How long can we continue doing this?
How long can we continue like this?
How long can we expect Tom to wait for us?
How long can we go without food?
How long can we hold out against the superior enemy attacks?
How long can we keep doing this?
How long can we keep this frozen food?
How long can we last without food?
How long can we survive in here before we run out of air?
How long can we wait?
How long can you go without breathing?
How long can you hold your breath?
How long can you stand on one leg with your eyes closed?
How long can you stay?
How long can you survive buried in an avalanche?
How long can you wait?
How long did I sleep?
How long did Marika live in Algeria?
How long did Mary say she planned on staying with us?
How long did Mary say she planned to stay with us?
How long did Mary say she was in Boston?
How long did Mary say she'd be gone?
How long did Mary say she'd be in Boston?
How long did Mary say she'd been studying French?
How long did Tom and Mary date before they got married?
How long did Tom and Mary date each other?
How long did Tom and Mary go out together?
How long did Tom and Mary have to wait?
How long did Tom and Mary say they planned on staying with us?
How long did Tom and Mary say they planned to stay with us?
How long did Tom and Mary say they were in Boston?
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd be gone?
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd be in Boston?
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd been studying French?
How long did Tom and Mary stay married?
How long did Tom expect you to stay?
How long did Tom go out with Mary?
How long did Tom have to wait?
How long did Tom keep you waiting?
How long did Tom live in Australia?
How long did Tom live in Boston?
How long did Tom say he planned to stay with us?
How long did Tom say he was in Australia?
How long did Tom say he was in Boston?
How long did Tom say he'd be gone?
How long did Tom say he'd be in Australia?
How long did Tom say he'd be in Boston?
How long did Tom say he'd been studying French?
How long did Tom say that he was in Australia?
How long did Tom say that he'd be in Australia?
How long did Tom sleep?
How long did Tom stay in Australia?
How long did Tom stay in Boston?
How long did Tom stay?
How long did Tom wait?
How long did Tom work here?
How long did Tom work yesterday?
How long did Tom's speech last?
How long did Yanni stay at Rima's place?
How long did he live in Ankara?
How long did he live in London?
How long did he wait?
How long did he walk?
How long did it last?
How long did it take Tom to build the doghouse?
How long did it take Tom to convince Mary to do that?
How long did it take Tom to convince Mary to help us?
How long did it take Tom to do that?
How long did it take Tom to explain that to Mary?
How long did it take Tom to finish his homework?
How long did it take Tom to get here today?
How long did it take Tom to get to Australia?
How long did it take Tom to get to Boston?
How long did it take Tom to paint his house?
How long did it take Tom to read this book?
How long did it take Tom to sell his farm once he decided to sell it?
How long did it take Tom to sell his farm?
How long did it take for Tom to get out of quarantine?
How long did it take for the ambulance to arrive?
How long did it take for the paint to dry?
How long did it take for you to convince Tom to help?
How long did it take for you to get here?
How long did it take for you to make that?
How long did it take for you to read this book?
How long did it take him to write this novel?
How long did it take the ambulance to arrive?
How long did it take the first fire engine to arrive?
How long did it take the police to arrive?
How long did it take to do that?
How long did it take to fill the Taksebt Dam reservoir in northeastern Algeria?
How long did it take to fix the car?
How long did it take to get to Boston?
How long did it take to paint the garage?
How long did it take us to translate this book?
How long did it take you get there?
How long did it take you to become proficient in your first foreign language?
How long did it take you to build this deck?
How long did it take you to build your house?
How long did it take you to change all these light switches?
How long did it take you to clean this place?
How long did it take you to clean your room?
How long did it take you to collect so many coins?
How long did it take you to decorate the room?
How long did it take you to decorate your Christmas tree?
How long did it take you to do that?
How long did it take you to do the route?
How long did it take you to do this?
How long did it take you to do your homework last night?
How long did it take you to drive from Boston to Chicago?
How long did it take you to drive from Boston to here?
How long did it take you to drive from here to Tokyo?
How long did it take you to fall for each other?
How long did it take you to figure out the answer?
How long did it take you to figure that out?
How long did it take you to find Tom?
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?
How long did it take you to finish reading the book?
How long did it take you to finish writing this report?
How long did it take you to finish your homework?
How long did it take you to get here today?
How long did it take you to get here?
How long did it take you to get home?
How long did it take you to get there by bus?
How long did it take you to get to Australia?
How long did it take you to get to Boston by plane?
How long did it take you to get to Boston?
How long did it take you to get to Tom's house?
How long did it take you to get to school today?
How long did it take you to get to the airport?
How long did it take you to get to the beach?
How long did it take you to get to the station?
How long did it take you to get to the train station?
How long did it take you to get used to the noise?
How long did it take you to get used to the smell?
How long did it take you to house break your dog?
How long did it take you to housebreak your dog?
How long did it take you to learn Arabic?
How long did it take you to learn English?
How long did it take you to learn Finnish?
How long did it take you to learn French this well?
How long did it take you to learn French?
How long did it take you to learn German?
How long did it take you to learn Italian?
How long did it take you to learn Japanese?
How long did it take you to learn Russian?
How long did it take you to learn how to do that?
How long did it take you to learn how to do this?
How long did it take you to learn to drive?
How long did it take you to make that?
How long did it take you to make this decision?
How long did it take you to memorize the Quran?
How long did it take you to pack your suitcase?
How long did it take you to pack your suitcases?
How long did it take you to persuade Tom to do that?
How long did it take you to read that book?
How long did it take you to record this album?
How long did it take you to recover from your operation?
How long did it take you to rewrite the report?
How long did it take you to save up enough money to buy a house?
How long did it take you to swim across the river?
How long did it take you to swim to the other side of the river and back?
How long did it take you to translate this book?
How long did it take you to walk there?
How long did it take you to walk to the station?
How long did it take you to write the letter?
How long did it take you to write the report?
How long did it take you to write this book?
How long did it take you to write this report?
How long did it take you to write your book?
How long did it take you to your office from the airport?
How long did it take?
How long did that concert last?
How long did that take?
How long did the Byzantine rule last in Algeria?
How long did the Hundred-Year War last?
How long did the Maya culture flourish?
How long did the appointment with the doctor last?
How long did the concert last?
How long did the doctor sign you off school for?
How long did the doctor sign you off work for?
How long did the doctor's appointment last?
How long did the earthquake last?
How long did the game last?
How long did the meeting last?
How long did the miners' strike last?
How long did the movie last?
How long did the operation last?
How long did the party last?
How long did the picnic last?
How long did the rain last?
How long did the show last?
How long did the storm last?
How long did the surgery take?
How long did the treatment last?
How long did the typhoon last?
How long did the writer live on the island?
How long did they live in England?
How long did they make you wait?
How long did this book take you to write?
How long did this take?
How long did you and Tom date each other?
How long did you and Tom date?
How long did you and Tom go out together?
How long did you and Tom stay in Australia?
How long did you and Tom stay in Boston?
How long did you cook the chicken?
How long did you flounder around before you asked for help?
How long did you go out with Tom?
How long did you go out with her?
How long did you go out with him?
How long did you have to practice before you were able to do that?
How long did you have to wait for Tom to do that?
How long did you have to wait for Tom?
How long did you have to wait for a bus?
How long did you have to wait for the bus?
How long did you have to wait?
How long did you know Tom?
How long did you know her?
How long did you know him?
How long did you know them?
How long did you know?
How long did you leave Tom alone?
How long did you live alone?
How long did you live in Australia?
How long did you live in Boston?
How long did you live in Sanda?
How long did you live on the island?
How long did you live there?
How long did you microwave it?
How long did you need to translate the book?
How long did you need to translate this book?
How long did you play football?
How long did you say you were in Australia?
How long did you say you were in Boston?
How long did you serve in the army?
How long did you sleep for?
How long did you sleep last night?
How long did you sleep?
How long did you speak with Mary?
How long did you speak with Tom?
How long did you spend at the beach?
How long did you spend at the zoo?
How long did you spend doing that?
How long did you spend in Australia?
How long did you spend in Boston?
How long did you stay abroad?
How long did you stay at Tom's place?
How long did you stay at Tom's?
How long did you stay at her place?
How long did you stay at the party last night?
How long did you stay at the party?
How long did you stay in Australia?
How long did you stay in Boston last summer?
How long did you stay in Boston?
How long did you stay in Canada?
How long did you stay in Germany?
How long did you stay in the city?
How long did you stay in the country?
How long did you stay there?
How long did you stay?
How long did you study Berber?
How long did you study French?
How long did you swim today?
How long did you talk to Tom?
How long did you talk with Tom?
How long did you think the meeting was going to last?
How long did you think the party was going to last?
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?
How long did you train in order to achieve such perfection?
How long did you wait for Tom?
How long did you wait for me?
How long did you wait for the bus?
How long did you wait to see the doctor?
How long did you wait?
How long did you work for Tom?
How long did you work for her?
How long did you work for him?
How long did you work for me?
How long did you work for them?
How long did you work for us?
How long did you work in Australia?
How long did you work in Boston?
How long did you work today?
How long do Christmas trees last?
How long do I have before I can go home?
How long do I have to do that?
How long do I have to stay here?
How long do I have to stay in hospital?
How long do I have to stay in the hospital?
How long do I have to stay?
How long do I have to think about it?
How long do I have to wait for delivery?
How long do I have to wait for my order to arrive?
How long do I have to wait for my order to get here?
How long do I have to wait for the next bus?
How long do I have to wait to pick up the medicine?
How long do I have to wait?
How long do I have?
How long do I need to live in England to become fluent in English?
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to be there?
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to help them?
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to stay?
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to wait for them?
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to wait?
How long do Tom and Mary have?
How long do alligators live?
How long do babies carry their mother's immunity?
How long do baseball games usually last?
How long do butterflies live?
How long do cats and dogs live?
How long do cats live?
How long do dogs live?
How long do dreams last?
How long do emus live?
How long do frogs live?
How long do horses live?
How long do oven chips take to cook?
How long do reptilians live?
How long do spiders live?
How long do the traffic lights take to change?
How long do they wish to spend here?
How long do those batteries last?
How long do we have before Tom and Mary get here?
How long do we have before Tom gets here?
How long do we have to do this?
How long do we have to finish this project?
How long do we have to stay here?
How long do we have to wait here?
How long do we have to wait?
How long do we have until this has to be finished?
How long do we have?
How long do we need to stay here?
How long do we need to wait here?
How long do we still have?
How long do we stop here?
How long do you blow-dry your hair?
How long do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How long do you estimate it'll take to paint my house?
How long do you estimate it'll take to repair this?
How long do you estimate that it will take?
How long do you expect Tom to stay here?
How long do you expect it to take?
How long do you expect me to stay?
How long do you expect me to wait?
How long do you expect this food to last us?
How long do you expect this water to last us?
How long do you expect to be in Australia?
How long do you expect to be in Boston?
How long do you expect to stay in Oxford?
How long do you expect to work for this company?
How long do you get off for Christmas?
How long do you have to do that?
How long do you have to eat lunch?
How long do you have to stay in Australia?
How long do you have to stay in Boston?
How long do you have?
How long do you intend to be in Australia?
How long do you intend to be in Boston?
How long do you intend to do that?
How long do you intend to keep complaining?
How long do you intend to keep doing that?
How long do you intend to spend at the library?
How long do you intend to stay here in Brazil?
How long do you intend to stay here?
How long do you intend to stay in Australia?
How long do you intend to stay in Boston?
How long do you intend to stay in Germany?
How long do you intend to stay?
How long do you intend to wait?
How long do you need my bike? I'm just asking because I'll need it today.
How long do you need my bike? It's just that I'll need it today.
How long do you need to borrow my bicycle?
How long do you need to learn German?
How long do you need to practice karate before getting your black belt?
How long do you need to stay in Australia?
How long do you need to stay in Boston?
How long do you need?
How long do you plan on doing that?
How long do you plan on helping?
How long do you plan on making us wait here?
How long do you plan on staying here?
How long do you plan on staying in Australia?
How long do you plan on staying in Boston?
How long do you plan on staying in this country?
How long do you plan on staying?
How long do you plan stay here?
How long do you plan to be here?
How long do you plan to be in Australia?
How long do you plan to be in Boston?
How long do you plan to do that?
How long do you plan to do this?
How long do you plan to help?
How long do you plan to keep working?
How long do you plan to live here?
How long do you plan to stay for?
How long do you plan to stay here with us?
How long do you plan to stay here?
How long do you plan to stay in Australia?
How long do you plan to stay in Boston?
How long do you plan to stay in this country?
How long do you plan to stay on this island?
How long do you plan to stay there?
How long do you plan to stay?
How long do you play tennis every day?
How long do you reckon it will take?
How long do you reckon it'll take?
How long do you reckon it's going to take?
How long do you reckon you'll be staying in Oxford?
How long do you sleep?
How long do you study English every day?
How long do you study French every day?
How long do you think Algeria's economic crisis will last?
How long do you think I should stay in Australia?
How long do you think I should stay in Boston?
How long do you think Tom and I are going to wait?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been seeing each other?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been waiting?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been watching us?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
How long do you think Tom and Mary were watching us?
How long do you think Tom can hold his breath?
How long do you think Tom has been doing this?
How long do you think Tom has been waiting?
How long do you think Tom has been watching us?
How long do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
How long do you think Tom has spent doing that?
How long do you think Tom has spent helping us so far?
How long do you think Tom was watching us?
How long do you think Tom will be gone?
How long do you think Tom will be here?
How long do you think Tom will sleep?
How long do you think Tom will stay in Australia?
How long do you think Tom will stay in Boston?
How long do you think Tom will wait?
How long do you think Tom will work for us before he quits and goes to another company?
How long do you think Tom's been doing this?
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo?
How long do you think it takes?
How long do you think it will take to go to the airport?
How long do you think it will take?
How long do you think it would take me to do that?
How long do you think it would take me to drive from Boston to Chicago?
How long do you think it would take me to read this book?
How long do you think it would take me to walk from here to the station?
How long do you think it would take to do that?
How long do you think it would take to read this book?
How long do you think it would take us to do that?
How long do you think it would take us to get to Boston by car?
How long do you think it would take you to do that?
How long do you think it would take you to mow our lawn?
How long do you think it would take you to paint my house?
How long do you think it would take you to read this book?
How long do you think it'll be before Tom and Mary get here?
How long do you think it'll be before Tom gets here?
How long do you think it'll be before we reach our goal?
How long do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How long do you think it'll take Tom to finish writing the report?
How long do you think it'll take me to do that?
How long do you think it'll take me to get to Boston?
How long do you think it'll take to do that?
How long do you think it'll take to finish the project?
How long do you think it'll take to get to Boston?
How long do you think it'll take to reach our goal?
How long do you think it'll take until the pain is totally gone?
How long do you think it'll take us to do that?
How long do you think it'll take us to do this?
How long do you think it'll take you to accomplish that?
How long do you think it'll take you to do that?
How long do you think it'll take you to finish writing this report?
How long do you think it'll take you to finish your homework?
How long do you think it'll take you to translate this?
How long do you think it'll take?
How long do you think it's been?
How long do you think it's going to take you to come up with a solution?
How long do you think that I should stay in Australia?
How long do you think that Tom will stay in Australia?
How long do you think that it would take you to paint my house?
How long do you think that it'll take Tom to do that?
How long do you think that it'll take to do that?
How long do you think that it'll take you to do that?
How long do you think that it'll take you to translate this?
How long do you think that the concert will last?
How long do you think that the meeting will last?
How long do you think that we should wait for Tom?
How long do you think that you'll be able to do that?
How long do you think the concert is going to last?
How long do you think the concert will last?
How long do you think the jury will take before they reach a verdict?
How long do you think the meeting is going to last?
How long do you think the meeting will last?
How long do you think the negotiations will take?
How long do you think the party will last?
How long do you think the trial will last?
How long do you think these boots will last?
How long do you think they have been married?
How long do you think they've been married?
How long do you think this is going to last?
How long do you think this money will last?
How long do you think this pair of shoes will last?
How long do you think those batteries will last?
How long do you think we can sit here before Tom sees us?
How long do you think we can stay here?
How long do you think we can stay in power?
How long do you think we should wait for Tom?
How long do you think we were away?
How long do you think we'll have to wait?
How long do you think we're going to wait?
How long do you think we’ll have to wait?
How long do you think you can control Tom?
How long do you think you can hold your breath?
How long do you think you can keep from insulting Tom again?
How long do you think you can stay at Tom's house?
How long do you think you can stay here?
How long do you think you'll be able to do that?
How long do you think you'll be able to help us today?
How long do you think you'll be gone?
How long do you think you'll need to finish writing this report?
How long do you use a toothbrush before you replace it?
How long do you want it for?
How long do you want this time?
How long do you want to do it for?
How long do you want to do it?
How long do you want to live here?
How long do you want to live?
How long do you want to sleep?
How long do you want to stay here?
How long do you want to stay in Australia?
How long do you want to stay in Boston?
How long do you want to stay in this country?
How long do you want to stay?
How long do your meetings usually last?
How long do your migraines typically last?
How long do your migraines usually last?
How long does Mary expect us to help her?
How long does Mary expect us to wait for her?
How long does Tom expect us to be there?
How long does Tom expect us to help Mary?
How long does Tom expect us to help him?
How long does Tom expect us to stay?
How long does Tom expect us to wait for Mary?
How long does Tom expect us to wait for him?
How long does Tom expect us to wait?
How long does Tom have?
How long does Tom still have?
How long does Tony run every day?
How long does Yanni have to live?
How long does a baseball game usually last?
How long does a basketball game last?
How long does a bear sleep?
How long does a butterfly live?
How long does a cat live?
How long does a coffee headache last?
How long does a cold usually last?
How long does a dog live?
How long does a flight from London to Morocco take?
How long does a good pair of shoes usually last?
How long does a hickey last?
How long does a letter to Mumbai take?
How long does a relationship usually last in Brazil?
How long does a spider live?
How long does a trip to Mars last?
How long does a tube of toothpaste usually last you?
How long does a turtle live?
How long does it have to be in the oven?
How long does it last, more or less?
How long does it last?
How long does it normally take you to reply?
How long does it really take to do that?
How long does it take by bus?
How long does it take by car?
How long does it take eggs to hatch?
How long does it take for a truck to come to a stop?
How long does it take for a veterinarian to examine a horse?
How long does it take for flaxseed to lower cholesterol?
How long does it take for light from the sun to reach the earth?
How long does it take for the airport bus to arrive at the airport?
How long does it take for the airport bus to get to the airport?
How long does it take for the airport shuttle to get to the airport?
How long does it take for the immune response to develop?
How long does it take for the light to go green?
How long does it take for the light to turn green?
How long does it take for you to read this book?
How long does it take from here to Boston?
How long does it take from here to Tokyo Station by car?
How long does it take from here to the station?
How long does it take from here to your home?
How long does it take from here to your house by bike?
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?
How long does it take from here to your house?
How long does it take from the airport to the hotel?
How long does it take from the bus stop to your home?
How long does it take from your house to the office by motorbike?
How long does it take on foot?
How long does it take the Earth to revolve around itself?
How long does it take the FDA to approve a drug?
How long does it take to acclimatise to another time zone?
How long does it take to actually do that?
How long does it take to alter it?
How long does it take to bake a cake?
How long does it take to become a cardiologist?
How long does it take to build a prefab house?
How long does it take to build a skyscraper?
How long does it take to build that?
How long does it take to change a tire?
How long does it take to change a tyre if you're feeling tired?
How long does it take to change a tyre?
How long does it take to count to one million?
How long does it take to deliver a pizza?
How long does it take to do that?
How long does it take to drive from Boston to Chicago?
How long does it take to eat a seven-course meal?
How long does it take to fly from Boston to Chicago?
How long does it take to fly from Tokyo to Los Angeles?
How long does it take to fly to Boston?
How long does it take to fly to Hanoi?
How long does it take to get a divorce?
How long does it take to get downtown from here?
How long does it take to get downtown?
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by bus?
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by car?
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by plane?
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago?
How long does it take to get from here to the station?
How long does it take to get from here to your house on foot?
How long does it take to get here from your house on foot?
How long does it take to get reasonably skilled?
How long does it take to get the airport from here?
How long does it take to get the hang of this sewing machine?
How long does it take to get there by bus?
How long does it take to get there by taxi?
How long does it take to get there from here?
How long does it take to get there?
How long does it take to get through customs at the airport?
How long does it take to get to Boston by plane?
How long does it take to get to Boston from Chicago by bus?
How long does it take to get to Boston from Chicago by car?
How long does it take to get to Boston from Chicago by plane?
How long does it take to get to Boston from here?
How long does it take to get to Boston?
How long does it take to get to Chicago from here?
How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?
How long does it take to get to the Hilton hotel from here?
How long does it take to get to the airport from here?
How long does it take to get to the airport on the airport bus?
How long does it take to get to the airport with the airport bus?
How long does it take to get to the airport?
How long does it take to get to the beach from here?
How long does it take to get to the beach?
How long does it take to get to the railway station by taxi?
How long does it take to get to the stadium?
How long does it take to get to the station?
How long does it take to get to the train station by bus?
How long does it take to get to the train station on foot?
How long does it take to get to the train station?
How long does it take to get to the zoo by taxi?
How long does it take to get to your office from the port?
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
How long does it take to go there by bus?
How long does it take to go to Madrid?
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
How long does it take to go to the Toshima Ward Office?
How long does it take to go to the beach?
How long does it take to go to the office from your home?
How long does it take to hard boil an egg?
How long does it take to hard boil eggs?
How long does it take to learn Esperanto?
How long does it take to learn French?
How long does it take to learn German?
How long does it take to learn Toki Pona?
How long does it take to learn a foreign language well?
How long does it take to learn a language?
How long does it take to learn a new language?
How long does it take to learn that language?
How long does it take to learn to play the xylophone?
How long does it take to microwave this?
How long does it take to pick a bale of cotton?
How long does it take to plan?
How long does it take to put on a turban?
How long does it take to reach Okinawa?
How long does it take to soft boil an egg?
How long does it take to the station by taxi?
How long does it take to the train station by taxi?
How long does it take to translate an entire novel?
How long does it take to travel to Mars?
How long does it take to walk 10,000 steps at a normal pace?
How long does it take to walk from here to Yuexiu Park?
How long does it take to walk from here to the city hall?
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
How long does it take to walk from here to your house?
How long does it take to walk from your house to school?
How long does it take to walk there?
How long does it take to walk to City Hall?
How long does it take to walk to Vienna?
How long does it take to walk to the city hall?
How long does it take to walk to the station?
How long does it take to walk to the train station?
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?
How long does it take to wean a lamb?
How long does it take to your office from the airport?
How long does it take you to do something like that?
How long does it take you to do that?
How long does it take you to eat breakfast?
How long does it take you to get dressed in the morning?
How long does it take you to get here from your house by train?
How long does it take you to get here on foot from your home?
How long does it take you to get ready for a night out?
How long does it take you to get ready for school?
How long does it take you to get ready for work?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
How long does it take you to get ready to go out?
How long does it take you to get there from here?
How long does it take you to get there?
How long does it take you to get to school?
How long does it take you to go home from my house?
How long does it take you to have a shower?
How long does it take you to shower?
How long does it take you to take a bath?
How long does it take you to take a shower?
How long does it take you to walk to school?
How long does it take you to walk to the bus stop?
How long does it take you to walk to the closest supermarket?
How long does it take you to walk to the nearest supermarket?
How long does it take you to warm up?
How long does it take you to wash your hair?
How long does it take?
How long does it usually take people to learn French?
How long does it usually take to do that?
How long does it usually take to get pregnant?
How long does it usually take to rotate tires?
How long does it usually take to translate a movie?
How long does it usually take to you to get to work in the morning?
How long does it usually take you to clean your room?
How long does it usually take you to do your homework?
How long does it usually take you to eat breakfast?
How long does it usually take you to eat lunch?
How long does it usually take you to fall asleep?
How long does it usually take you to get dressed in the morning?
How long does it usually take you to get to your office from where you live?
How long does it usually take you to walk home?
How long does it usually take you to walk through this tunnel?
How long does one need in the hospital?
How long does she wish to stay in Brittany?
How long does that take to walk to the train station?
How long does that take?
How long does the airport bus take to get to the airport?
How long does the airport bus take to go to the airport?
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?
How long does the airport shuttle take to get to the airport?
How long does the cake have to bake in the oven?
How long does the probationary period last?
How long does the rainy season usually last?
How long does the show last?
How long does the spring break last?
How long does the train stop here?
How long does the trial period last?
How long does the trip take?
How long does the typical passenger aeroplane last?
How long does this class last?
How long does this take?
How long does this train stop there?
How long does this usually take?
How long had Mary and Tom been dating before they got married?
How long had it been since we tried?
How long had they been waiting?
How long had you been sick before you saw the doctor?
How long had you been waiting when we arrived?
How long had you waited?
How long has Afonso lived there?
How long has Agnès been here?
How long has Discord existed?
How long has Fadil been studying Arabic?
How long has George been in Rio?
How long has George lived here?
How long has George lived there?
How long has George studied Portuguese?
How long has George worked in Rio?
How long has George worked there?
How long has Ines been here?
How long has Karlo owned a Chevrolet?
How long has Ken lived in Kobe?
How long has Lourdes worked with you?
How long has Luis had a Volkswagen?
How long has Marcos lived here?
How long has Mary been pregnant?
How long has Richard been married?
How long has Sami been studying Arabic?
How long has Tanya known Julian?
How long has Tebboune been the president of Algeria?
How long has Tom Jackson been the boss?
How long has Tom already spent doing that?
How long has Tom been Mary's friend?
How long has Tom been a cardiologist?
How long has Tom been a carpenter?
How long has Tom been a student here?
How long has Tom been abroad?
How long has Tom been absent?
How long has Tom been alone?
How long has Tom been around?
How long has Tom been asleep?
How long has Tom been away from home?
How long has Tom been away?
How long has Tom been crying?
How long has Tom been dating Mary?
How long has Tom been dead?
How long has Tom been doing it?
How long has Tom been doing that?
How long has Tom been friends with Mary?
How long has Tom been gone?
How long has Tom been grounded?
How long has Tom been helping you?
How long has Tom been here?
How long has Tom been ill?
How long has Tom been in Australia?
How long has Tom been in Boston?
How long has Tom been in Boston? What did he say?
How long has Tom been in Boston? What has he said?
How long has Tom been in a coma?
How long has Tom been in jail?
How long has Tom been in love with you?
How long has Tom been in prison?
How long has Tom been in the cave?
How long has Tom been in the hospital?
How long has Tom been in the pool?
How long has Tom been in there?
How long has Tom been in town?
How long has Tom been learning French?
How long has Tom been learning French? And doesn't he understand you yet?
How long has Tom been like this?
How long has Tom been living here?
How long has Tom been living in Australia?
How long has Tom been living in Boston?
How long has Tom been living with you?
How long has Tom been married?
How long has Tom been missing?
How long has Tom been on the baseball team?
How long has Tom been out?
How long has Tom been playing golf?
How long has Tom been playing the clarinet?
How long has Tom been playing the violin?
How long has Tom been sick?
How long has Tom been sitting there?
How long has Tom been sleeping?
How long has Tom been standing there?
How long has Tom been staying with you?
How long has Tom been studying French?
How long has Tom been taking this medicine?
How long has Tom been teaching French?
How long has Tom been teaching Mary French?
How long has Tom been teaching you French?
How long has Tom been there talking to Mary?
How long has Tom been there?
How long has Tom been trying to lose weight?
How long has Tom been unconscious?
How long has Tom been up there?
How long has Tom been up?
How long has Tom been waiting?
How long has Tom been watching TV?
How long has Tom been with you?
How long has Tom been working as a French teacher?
How long has Tom been working as a carpenter?
How long has Tom been working as a janitor?
How long has Tom been working as carpenter?
How long has Tom been working for you?
How long has Tom been working here?
How long has Tom been working in Australia?
How long has Tom been working in Boston?
How long has Tom been your boyfriend?
How long has Tom known Mary?
How long has Tom known about the problem?
How long has Tom lived here?
How long has Tom lived in Australia?
How long has Tom lived in Boston?
How long has Tom lived there?
How long has Tom spent doing that?
How long has Tom studied French?
How long has Tom worked for you?
How long has Tom worked here?
How long has Tom worked in Australia?
How long has Tom worked in Boston?
How long has Tom worked with you?
How long has Ziri been divorced?
How long has Ziri been married?
How long has been Flavio watching Isabella and why?
How long has he been absent?
How long has he been cheating on you?
How long has he been dead?
How long has he been gone?
How long has he been in a coma?
How long has he been lying to you?
How long has he been up there?
How long has he been walking?
How long has he lied to you?
How long has he lived in London?
How long has he lived there?
How long has it been going on?
How long has it been like this?
How long has it been raining?
How long has it been since Alice last called?
How long has it been since I last saw you?
How long has it been since Tom got his last promotion?
How long has it been since Tom left?
How long has it been since he last saw her?
How long has it been since that happened?
How long has it been since the accident?
How long has it been since they spoke?
How long has it been since we last met?
How long has it been since we last saw each other?
How long has it been since we last spoke?
How long has it been since we left Bristol?
How long has it been since we've seen each other?
How long has it been since you gave up teaching at that school?
How long has it been since you heard from him?
How long has it been since you last saw Tom?
How long has it been since you moved here?
How long has it been since you moved to Australia?
How long has it been since you moved to Boston?
How long has it been since you played with a yo-yo?
How long has it been since you received a letter from him?
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?
How long has it been since you slept?
How long has it been since you stopped teaching at that school?
How long has it been since you talked to Tom?
How long has it been since you went fishing with Tom?
How long has it been since you were in school?
How long has it been since you've been home?
How long has it been since you've been to Australia?
How long has it been since you've been to Boston?
How long has it been since you've done that?
How long has it been since you've gone hiking with Tom?
How long has it been since you've gone hiking, Tom?
How long has it been since you've gone skiing with Tom?
How long has it been since you've gone skiing?
How long has it been since you've gone swimming with Tom?
How long has it been since you've gone swimming, Tom?
How long has it been since you've gotten a letter from him?
How long has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
How long has it been since you've had a good night's sleep?
How long has it been since you've seen Tom?
How long has it been since you've seen your boyfriend?
How long has it been since you've seen your family?
How long has it been since you've slept in a comfortable bed?
How long has it been since you've spoken with Tom?
How long has it been since you've talked to Tom?
How long has it been since your divorce?
How long has it been since your last confession?
How long has it been snowing?
How long has it been there?
How long has it been!
How long has it been?
How long has she been gone?
How long has she been ill?
How long has she been sick?
How long has that been happening?
How long has that been there?
How long has the doctor signed you off for?
How long has the world been honored by your presence?
How long has this battle been going on?
How long has this been broken?
How long has this been going on?
How long has this been happening?
How long has this box been here?
How long has this car been parked here?
How long has this car been stuck here?
How long has your arm been twitching like this?
How long has your country been independent?
How long has your head been hurting?
How long has your roof been leaking?
How long has your skin been jaundiced?
How long has your throat been hurting?
How long has your tongue been that color?
How long has your tongue been that colour?
How long have I been asleep?
How long have I been here?
How long have I been out?
How long have I been unconscious?
How long have I got to stay in hospital?
How long have I kept you waiting?
How long have I slept?
How long have Sami and Layla been separated?
How long have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
How long have Tom and Mary been abroad?
How long have Tom and Mary been arguing?
How long have Tom and Mary been around?
How long have Tom and Mary been at your company?
How long have Tom and Mary been crying?
How long have Tom and Mary been dating each other?
How long have Tom and Mary been dating?
How long have Tom and Mary been divorced?
How long have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How long have Tom and Mary been engaged?
How long have Tom and Mary been fighting?
How long have Tom and Mary been friends?
How long have Tom and Mary been going out together?
How long have Tom and Mary been going out with each other?
How long have Tom and Mary been gone?
How long have Tom and Mary been here?
How long have Tom and Mary been in Boston?
How long have Tom and Mary been in the cave?
How long have Tom and Mary been in there?
How long have Tom and Mary been in town?
How long have Tom and Mary been like this?
How long have Tom and Mary been living here?
How long have Tom and Mary been living in Boston?
How long have Tom and Mary been married?
How long have Tom and Mary been missing?
How long have Tom and Mary been seeing each other?
How long have Tom and Mary been separated?
How long have Tom and Mary been sick?
How long have Tom and Mary been sleeping?
How long have Tom and Mary been standing there?
How long have Tom and Mary been staying with you?
How long have Tom and Mary been students here?
How long have Tom and Mary been studying French?
How long have Tom and Mary been swimming?
How long have Tom and Mary been there?
How long have Tom and Mary been together?
How long have Tom and Mary been up there?
How long have Tom and Mary been waiting?
How long have Tom and Mary been watching TV?
How long have Tom and Mary been with you?
How long have Tom and Mary been working as carpenters?
How long have Tom and Mary been working for you?
How long have Tom and Mary been working here?
How long have Tom and Mary been working together?
How long have Tom and Mary been yelling at each other?
How long have Tom and Mary known about the problem?
How long have Tom and Mary known each other?
How long have Tom and Mary lived here?
How long have Tom and Mary lived in Boston?
How long have Tom and Mary lived there?
How long have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
How long have Tom and Mary studied French?
How long have they been dating?
How long have they been gone?
How long have they been here?
How long have they been playing tennis?
How long have they been pregnant for?
How long have they been there?
How long have they been walking?
How long have we been friends?
How long have we been here?
How long have we been married?
How long have we been talking about this?
How long have we been translating this book?
How long have we got to stay here?
How long have we got to wait here?
How long have we got?
How long have we known each other?
How long have you all been in Boston?
How long have you already spent doing that?
How long have you already spent in Australia?
How long have you already spent in Boston?
How long have you and Jane been married?
How long have you and Mary been friends?
How long have you and Tom been divorced?
How long have you and Tom been friends?
How long have you and Tom been going out together?
How long have you and Tom been living here?
How long have you and Tom been living in Boston?
How long have you and Tom been married?
How long have you and Tom been roommates?
How long have you and Tom been together?
How long have you and Tom been working together?
How long have you and Tom known each other?
How long have you and your girlfriend been an item?
How long have you and your girlfriend been together?
How long have you been Tom's girlfriend?
How long have you been Tom's supervisor?
How long have you been a French teacher?
How long have you been a barber?
How long have you been a carpenter?
How long have you been a coach?
How long have you been a doctor here?
How long have you been a farmer?
How long have you been a firefighter?
How long have you been a member here?
How long have you been a member of this club?
How long have you been a member of this group?
How long have you been a member?
How long have you been a plumber?
How long have you been a police officer?
How long have you been a salesman?
How long have you been a smoker?
How long have you been a step-parent?
How long have you been a student here?
How long have you been a teacher here?
How long have you been a teacher?
How long have you been a vegetarian?
How long have you been a widow?
How long have you been able to drive?
How long have you been abroad?
How long have you been active in this field?
How long have you been alienated from your family?
How long have you been an auto mechanic?
How long have you been at it?
How long have you been at this?
How long have you been awake?
How long have you been away from home?
How long have you been away?
How long have you been back?
How long have you been busy?
How long have you been chasing Tom?
How long have you been dating Tom?
How long have you been dating?
How long have you been divorced?
How long have you been doing that?
How long have you been doing this job?
How long have you been doing this?
How long have you been down here?
How long have you been drawing?
How long have you been engaged?
How long have you been experiencing shortness of breath?
How long have you been experiencing these headaches?
How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?
How long have you been feeling like this?
How long have you been feeling this way?
How long have you been going at it?
How long have you been going out with your current girlfriend?
How long have you been going out?
How long have you been gone?
How long have you been here for?
How long have you been here in Australia?
How long have you been here in Boston?
How long have you been here today?
How long have you been here?
How long have you been home?
How long have you been ill?
How long have you been in Australia?
How long have you been in Boston?
How long have you been in Brasilia?
How long have you been in Brazil?
How long have you been in Bulgaria?
How long have you been in Czechoslovakia, Mr. Reindle?
How long have you been in England?
How long have you been in France?
How long have you been in Germany?
How long have you been in Japan?
How long have you been in Kobe?
How long have you been in Kushiro?
How long have you been in Osaka?
How long have you been in comedy?
How long have you been in here?
How long have you been in jail?
How long have you been in love with Tom?
How long have you been in love with her?
How long have you been in love with him?
How long have you been in prison?
How long have you been in space?
How long have you been in this business?
How long have you been in this city?
How long have you been in this country?
How long have you been in this game?
How long have you been in this job?
How long have you been in this town?
How long have you been in town?
How long have you been in your job?
How long have you been keeping secrets from me?
How long have you been learning Arabic?
How long have you been learning Dutch?
How long have you been learning English?
How long have you been learning French?
How long have you been learning German?
How long have you been learning Korean?
How long have you been learning to play the piano?
How long have you been living alone?
How long have you been living here in Boston?
How long have you been living here?
How long have you been living in Algiers?
How long have you been living in Australia?
How long have you been living in Boston?
How long have you been living in Italy?
How long have you been living in Japan?
How long have you been living in Kobe, then?
How long have you been living in Osaka?
How long have you been living in Sweden?
How long have you been living in Tokyo?
How long have you been living in this apartment?
How long have you been living in this house?
How long have you been living in your present home?
How long have you been living on Park Street?
How long have you been living on this island?
How long have you been living out of a suitcase?
How long have you been living there?
How long have you been looking for a job?
How long have you been looking for it?
How long have you been looking?
How long have you been lying to her?
How long have you been married to Tom?
How long have you been married?
How long have you been misleading him?
How long have you been on the run?
How long have you been on the team?
How long have you been out here?
How long have you been out of prison?
How long have you been out of town?
How long have you been planning this attack?
How long have you been planning this wedding?
How long have you been playing chess?
How long have you been playing football?
How long have you been playing pool?
How long have you been playing soccer?
How long have you been playing the cello?
How long have you been playing the clarinet?
How long have you been playing the drums?
How long have you been playing the guitar?
How long have you been playing the trumpet?
How long have you been playing the violin?
How long have you been practicing?
How long have you been practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
How long have you been practising?
How long have you been pregnant?
How long have you been queuing?
How long have you been receiving child benefit?
How long have you been retired?
How long have you been running this place, Tom?
How long have you been seeing Mary?
How long have you been seeing Tom?
How long have you been seeing your girlfriend?
How long have you been selling cars?
How long have you been sick?
How long have you been single?
How long have you been sitting here?
How long have you been sitting there?
How long have you been sleeping?
How long have you been smoking?
How long have you been sober?
How long have you been speaking Berber?
How long have you been speaking Portuguese?
How long have you been standing here?
How long have you been standing there spying on us?
How long have you been standing there?
How long have you been stationed here?
How long have you been staying in Australia?
How long have you been staying in Boston?
How long have you been staying in Osaka?
How long have you been stealing from me?
How long have you been studying Berber?
How long have you been studying English?
How long have you been studying Esperanto?
How long have you been studying French?
How long have you been studying Hungarian?
How long have you been studying Japanese?
How long have you been studying Latin?
How long have you been studying fencing?
How long have you been studying here?
How long have you been studying medicine?
How long have you been studying the Kadazan language?
How long have you been swimming?
How long have you been teaching English?
How long have you been teaching French?
How long have you been teaching Spanish?
How long have you been teaching Tom French?
How long have you been teaching Tom piano?
How long have you been teaching here?
How long have you been teaching in Sabah?
How long have you been teaching tennis?
How long have you been the boss?
How long have you been there, spying on us?
How long have you been there?
How long have you been together?
How long have you been translating on Tatoeba?
How long have you been traveling for?
How long have you been traveling?
How long have you been travelling?
How long have you been trying to lose weight?
How long have you been trying to sell your house?
How long have you been unemployed?
How long have you been up?
How long have you been using that mobile phone?
How long have you been using that mobile?
How long have you been using this toothbrush?
How long have you been vegetarians?
How long have you been vomiting?
How long have you been waiting for Tom?
How long have you been waiting for a doctor to see you?
How long have you been waiting for me?
How long have you been waiting for the bus?
How long have you been waiting for this to happen?
How long have you been waiting for this?
How long have you been waiting here?
How long have you been waiting outside?
How long have you been waiting to be seen by the doctor?
How long have you been waiting to be seen?
How long have you been waiting to make your dream come true?
How long have you been waiting to see me?
How long have you been waiting?
How long have you been watching her?
How long have you been watching him?
How long have you been watching me?
How long have you been watching them?
How long have you been watching us?
How long have you been wearing contacts?
How long have you been wearing glasses?
How long have you been with this company?
How long have you been with your current girlfriend?
How long have you been with your girlfriend?
How long have you been working as a carpenter?
How long have you been working as a gardener?
How long have you been working as a parking attendant?
How long have you been working as a tour guide?
How long have you been working for Tom?
How long have you been working for us?
How long have you been working here?
How long have you been working in Australia?
How long have you been working in this field?
How long have you been working on it?
How long have you been working on this?
How long have you been working with Tom?
How long have you been working?
How long have you been worrying about that?
How long have you been writing songs?
How long have you been writing this blog?
How long have you both been married?
How long have you felt constipated?
How long have you felt like that?
How long have you felt that way?
How long have you guys been standing there?
How long have you guys known each other?
How long have you had a beard?
How long have you had a headache?
How long have you had eczema?
How long have you had it?
How long have you had that mobile?
How long have you had that rash?
How long have you had the pain?
How long have you had this bicycle?
How long have you had this car?
How long have you had this cough?
How long have you had this fever?
How long have you had this job?
How long have you had this pain?
How long have you had this problem?
How long have you had this rash?
How long have you had this umbrella?
How long have you had this wart on your hand?
How long have you had this?
How long have you had those?
How long have you had your car?
How long have you known Jack?
How long have you known Jim Robinson?
How long have you known Judy?
How long have you known Luis?
How long have you known Mennad?
How long have you known Miss Smith?
How long have you known Tom?
How long have you known about it?
How long have you known about this?
How long have you known each other?
How long have you known her for?
How long have you known her?
How long have you known him?
How long have you known me, Tom?
How long have you known me?
How long have you known them?
How long have you known this?
How long have you known?
How long have you liked Tom?
How long have you listened to your father?
How long have you lived here?
How long have you lived in Australia?
How long have you lived in Boston?
How long have you lived in Japan?
How long have you lived in Kobe?
How long have you lived in Sanda?
How long have you lived in Sasayama?
How long have you lived in this area?
How long have you lived in this house?
How long have you lived in this ramshackle hut?
How long have you lived there?
How long have you lived where you live now?
How long have you looked after this rose garden?
How long have you owned it?
How long have you owned this car?
How long have you played soccer?
How long have you practiced this?
How long have you put aside your passion for football?
How long have you spent doing that so far?
How long have you spent doing that?
How long have you stayed in Caracas?
How long have you studied French?
How long have you studied?
How long have you two been dating?
How long have you two been engaged?
How long have you two been going out together?
How long have you two been going out?
How long have you two been married?
How long have you two been out here?
How long have you two been seeing each other?
How long have you two been together?
How long have you two been working together?
How long have you two known each other?
How long have you waited?
How long have you worked for Tom?
How long have you worked for us?
How long have you worked here?
How long have you worked in Algeria?
How long have you worked in Australia?
How long have you worked in Boston?
How long have you worked in this place?
How long have you worked with Tom?
How long have your cheeks been swollen?
How long have your parents been married?
How long is Algeria from north to south?
How long is Australia's longest river?
How long is Tom going to be there?
How long is Tom going to stay in Australia?
How long is Tom going to stay in Boston?
How long is Tom planning to stay in Australia?
How long is Tom planning to stay in Boston?
How long is Tom's hair?
How long is a class?
How long is a flight from Australia to Canada?
How long is a giraffe's tongue?
How long is a little longer?
How long is a moment?
How long is a parsec?
How long is a piece of string?
How long is a prescription valid for?
How long is a yard?
How long is an episode of 60 minutes?
How long is he going to stay in Japan?
How long is he staying in Vilnius?
How long is intermission?
How long is it going to be before the heat comes back on?
How long is it going to last? About one or two weeks.
How long is it going to take before we get some answers?
How long is it going to take?
How long is it gonna take?
How long is it since we last saw each other?
How long is it since you bought this car?
How long is it since you came to Japan?
How long is it since you heard from him?
How long is it until departure?
How long is it until the game starts?
How long is it?
How long is our train going to be stopped at this station?
How long is she going to stay in Japan?
How long is someone infectious after a viral infection?
How long is summer vacation?
How long is that bridge?
How long is that going to take?
How long is that mountain trail?
How long is that piece of string?
How long is that snake?
How long is that story?
How long is that supposed to last? About one or two weeks.
How long is the ESL exam?
How long is the Equator?
How long is the Golden Gate Bridge?
How long is the Great Wall of China?
How long is the Nile River?
How long is the Nile?
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
How long is the Rio Grande?
How long is the Seto Bridge?
How long is the border between Germany and Austria?
How long is the bridge?
How long is the flight from Boston to Chicago?
How long is the flight from Tokyo to Hawaii?
How long is the flight?
How long is the future?
How long is the layover?
How long is the list?
How long is the meeting going to last?
How long is the movie?
How long is the pilot episode?
How long is the probationary period?
How long is the ride?
How long is the road?
How long is the ship?
How long is the stopover?
How long is the surgery?
How long is the ticket good for?
How long is the train delayed?
How long is the tutoring session going to take?
How long is the wait at the border crossing?
How long is the wait?
How long is the warranty for this device?
How long is this blade?
How long is this bridge?
How long is this game?
How long is this going to last?
How long is this going to take to finish?
How long is this going to take to process?
How long is this going to take?
How long is this movie?
How long is this pencil?
How long is this rain going to last?
How long is this river?
How long is this ticket valid for?
How long is this ticket valid?
How long is this torture gonna continue?
How long is this visa good for?
How long is this visa valid?
How long is this?
How long is too long?
How long is your Christmas vacation?
How long is your commute to school?
How long is your daily commute?
How long is your girlfriend Jane staying in Milan?
How long is your list?
How long is your male organ?
How long is your sentence?
How long is your spring holiday?
How long is your spring vacation?
How long is your summer vacation?
How long it is!
How long it takes us to get there will depend on how much traffic there is.
How long may I borrow this notebook?
How long may I keep this?
How long may I stay here?
How long must I stay away?
How long of a break are workers entitled to?
How long shall the wicked exult?
How long should I cook broccoli?
How long should I cook this?
How long should I live in England in order to become fluent in English?
How long should I microwave this?
How long should I put this in the microwave for?
How long should I rest?
How long should I take this medicine?
How long should I wait here?
How long should I wait?
How long should I wear compression stockings after surgery?
How long should I wear compression stockings to improve my circulation?
How long should a couple be married before having children?
How long should the sauce simmer?
How long should we leave it in the oven?
How long should we let Tom do that before we stop him?
How long should we let him talk before he makes a complete fool of himself?
How long should we wait?
How long that bridge is!
How long the road will be until we reach our goal!
How long the route will be before we reach our goal!
How long the way will be before we reach our goal!
How long this clog has been in the kitchen sink?
How long till we arrive?
How long to go before the game starts?
How long treatment takes depends on the patient.
How long until it's time to leave?
How long until my order arrives?
How long until the game starts?
How long until the league starts?
How long until they allow visitors again?
How long until we can escape this scorching heat?
How long until we reach the village?
How long until we're at the mercy of a superior civilization?
How long was I asleep?
How long was I in there?
How long was I out?
How long was I supposed to wait?
How long was I unconscious?
How long was Tom allowed to do that?
How long was Tom alone?
How long was Tom asleep?
How long was Tom at the park?
How long was Tom gone?
How long was Tom here today?
How long was Tom here yesterday?
How long was Tom here?
How long was Tom ill?
How long was Tom in Australia?
How long was Tom in Boston?
How long was Tom in a coma?
How long was Tom in prison?
How long was Tom in the hospital?
How long was Tom in the water?
How long was Tom in there?
How long was Tom married?
How long was Tom sick?
How long was Tom there?
How long was Tom under water?
How long was Tom's speech?
How long was he absent?
How long was he away for?
How long was he away?
How long was he gone?
How long was he in the army?
How long was he lying to you?
How long was he there?
How long was she here?
How long was she there?
How long was she underwater?
How long was that bridge?
How long was the concert?
How long was the journey to New York?
How long was the last movie you saw?
How long was the meeting?
How long was the snake you caught?
How long was your flight?
How long was your shift?
How long was your trip?
How long was your visit?
How long was your wait?
How long were Tom and Mary asleep?
How long were Tom and Mary at the park?
How long were Tom and Mary here this afternoon?
How long were Tom and Mary here today?
How long were Tom and Mary here yesterday?
How long were Tom and Mary here?
How long were Tom and Mary in Boston?
How long were Tom and Mary in the hospital?
How long were Tom and Mary in the water?
How long were Tom and Mary in there?
How long were Tom and Mary married?
How long were Tom and Mary sick?
How long were Tom and Mary there?
How long were Tom and Mary together?
How long were the police here?
How long were they there?
How long were you able to do that?
How long were you alone with Tom?
How long were you alone?
How long were you and Mary married?
How long were you and Tom friends?
How long were you and Tom married?
How long were you and Tom together?
How long were you at Tom's?
How long were you at school today?
How long were you at the party?
How long were you at the zoo?
How long were you down there?
How long were you exposed to it?
How long were you gone?
How long were you ill before you went to see a doctor?
How long were you ill for?
How long were you ill?
How long were you in Australia?
How long were you in Boston?
How long were you in Caracas?
How long were you in Japan?
How long were you in hospital?
How long were you in jail?
How long were you in prison?
How long were you in the hospital?
How long were you in there?
How long were you interrogated?
How long were you married to Tom?
How long were you married?
How long were you on that baseball team?
How long were you on the island?
How long were you on the road?
How long were you on the witness stand?
How long were you out for?
How long were you out?
How long were you planning on keeping this a secret from me?
How long were you playing football?
How long were you sick for?
How long were you sick?
How long were you the manager?
How long were you there before Tom noticed you?
How long were you there before the security guard arrived?
How long were you there?
How long were you together?
How long were you with Donald?
How long were you working for that prostitution ring?
How long will Algeria be able to maintain social harmony?
How long will Florida continue to exist?
How long will I be infectious after starting antibiotics?
How long will I have to stay in the hospital?
How long will I have to wait for the next bus?
How long will I have to wait?
How long will I need to stay in the hospital?
How long will I need to wait?
How long will Tom be doing that?
How long will Tom be gone?
How long will Tom be here?
How long will Tom be in Australia?
How long will Tom be in Boston?
How long will Tom be in prison?
How long will Tom be in there?
How long will Tom be in town?
How long will Tom be staying here with us?
How long will Tom be staying here?
How long will Tom be staying in Australia?
How long will Tom be staying in Boston?
How long will Tom be staying with you?
How long will Tom be staying?
How long will Tom have to be in the hospital?
How long will Tom keep sleeping for?
How long will Tom last?
How long will Tom make us wait?
How long will Tom need to stay in the hospital?
How long will Tom stay here?
How long will Tom stay in Australia?
How long will Tom stay in Boston?
How long will Tom stay with us?
How long will Tom stay?
How long will be you be staying in Australia?
How long will ground beef last in a refrigerator?
How long will he remain in Moscow?
How long will he stay here?
How long will he stay in Rome?
How long will it be before the first humans set foot on Mars?
How long will it be before we cross the border?
How long will it be before we reach our goal?
How long will it be to dinner?
How long will it be until Tom and Mary get here?
How long will it be until Tom gets here?
How long will it be?
How long will it last?
How long will it last? About a week or a fortnight.
How long will it last? About one or two weeks.
How long will it really take to do that?
How long will it really take you?
How long will it stop there?
How long will it take Tom to do that?
How long will it take before Tom realizes he's made a mistake?
How long will it take before Tom realizes that he's made a mistake?
How long will it take before there are no more wars on our Earth?
How long will it take by plane?
How long will it take for alterations?
How long will it take for the letter to arrive?
How long will it take for the medicine to work?
How long will it take for the mistake to be noticed?
How long will it take for these bird seeds to sprout?
How long will it take for you to make sandwiches for everyone?
How long will it take for you to prepare the sandwiches?
How long will it take me to finish my homework?
How long will it take me to get there by bus?
How long will it take me to get to the airport by bus?
How long will it take me to get to the airport by taxi?
How long will it take me to get to the airport from here?
How long will it take me to get to the airport?
How long will it take me to get to your place from here?
How long will it take me to walk to the station?
How long will it take to build this bridge?
How long will it take to build this wall?
How long will it take to catch up?
How long will it take to change the oil?
How long will it take to compact the soil?
How long will it take to do that?
How long will it take to drain the water?
How long will it take to finish the work?
How long will it take to fix this?
How long will it take to get downtown from here?
How long will it take to get downtown?
How long will it take to get in to ride?
How long will it take to get there?
How long will it take to get to Boston?
How long will it take to get to the stadium?
How long will it take to get well?
How long will it take to make the modifications?
How long will it take to paint the roof?
How long will it take to recover?
How long will it take to repair?
How long will it take to walk?
How long will it take us to do that?
How long will it take us to do this?
How long will it take us to get to Boston?
How long will it take us to get to the beach?
How long will it take us to reach Boston?
How long will it take you to clean your room?
How long will it take you to do that?
How long will it take you to finish doing that?
How long will it take you to get here?
How long will it take you to get there from here?
How long will it take you to get to Boston from here?
How long will it take you to get to Boston?
How long will it take you to paint my house?
How long will it take you to paint this room?
How long will it take you?
How long will it take, do you think?
How long will it take?
How long will minced meat last in a fridge?
How long will my stitches, I mean my sutures, take to dissolve?
How long will one hundred dollars last me?
How long will our civilization last?
How long will our train stop at this station?
How long will she be able to stay here?
How long will she remain in Moscow?
How long will that be?
How long will that last?
How long will that nice weather last?
How long will that take?
How long will the break last?
How long will the concert last?
How long will the flight be?
How long will the flight last?
How long will the flight time be?
How long will the lockdown last?
How long will the meeting last?
How long will the operation last?
How long will the operation take?
How long will the police stay here?
How long will the procedure take?
How long will the quarantine last?
How long will the repairs take?
How long will the sale last?
How long will the show last?
How long will the storm go on for?
How long will the storm last?
How long will the train stop here?
How long will the treatment last?
How long will the trip take?
How long will they remain in Tokyo?
How long will they stay?
How long will this battery last?
How long will this cold last?
How long will this cold weather continue?
How long will this cold weather go on?
How long will this cold weather last?
How long will this go on?
How long will this last?
How long will this meeting last?
How long will this nice weather last?
How long will this rain go on?
How long will this rope hold?
How long will this sale last?
How long will this situation last?
How long will this storm last?
How long will this take?
How long will this three hundred dollars last us?
How long will this train stop at the next station?
How long will we be doing this?
How long will we be stuck here?
How long will we have to do this?
How long will we have to put up with this?
How long will we have to wait for that to happen?
How long will we have to wait?
How long will we have to wear masks?
How long will we have?
How long will we need to do this?
How long will we need to wait?
How long will we remain in Beijing?
How long will we remain in Paris?
How long will we stay in the mountain?
How long will you be at Tom's?
How long will you be at home?
How long will you be at your aunt's house?
How long will you be away from Australia?
How long will you be away from Boston?
How long will you be away, Tom?
How long will you be away?
How long will you be doing that?
How long will you be doing this?
How long will you be gone?
How long will you be here?
How long will you be home?
How long will you be in Australia?
How long will you be in Boston?
How long will you be in Japan?
How long will you be in Korea?
How long will you be in Tokyo for?
How long will you be in town?
How long will you be on holiday?
How long will you be out of the office?
How long will you be staying here?
How long will you be staying in Australia?
How long will you be staying in Boston?
How long will you be staying in Germany?
How long will you be staying in town?
How long will you be staying there?
How long will you be staying with us?
How long will you be staying?
How long will you be there?
How long will you be with us?
How long will you be?
How long will you have been working here by the end of next year?
How long will you have to stay in Australia?
How long will you have to stay in Boston?
How long will you have to wait?
How long will you hide there?
How long will you need to get ready?
How long will you remain in Australia?
How long will you remain in Boston?
How long will you remain in London?
How long will you remain in New York?
How long will you stay here?
How long will you stay in Athens?
How long will you stay in Australia?
How long will you stay in Boston?
How long will you stay in Hakone?
How long will you stay in Japan?
How long will you stay in Kyoto?
How long will you stay in Mongolia?
How long will you stay in Tokyo?
How long will you stay in town?
How long will you stay there?
How long will you stay with your aunt?
How long will you stay?
How long will you wait?
How long will your friend Jane stay in Milan?
How long would a sandwich take?
How long would a train from Shanghai to Zhengzhou take?
How long would all this take?
How long would it take me to come here by bus?
How long would it take me to get there by bus?
How long would it take me to get to the zoo from here?
How long would it take me to get to where you are?
How long would it take me to walk to the station?
How long would it take to change the oil?
How long would it take to do that?
How long would it take to drive from Boston to Chicago?
How long would it take to get there by bus?
How long would it take to get to Australia from here?
How long would it take to get to Boston by bus?
How long would it take to get to Boston from here?
How long would it take to learn French well enough to work here?
How long would it take to paint the roof?
How long would it take to swim across the river?
How long would it take to walk there?
How long would it take us to do that?
How long would it take us to get there?
How long would it take us to get to Australia by car?
How long would it take us to get to Boston by car?
How long would it take us to get to the nearest beach?
How long would it take us to get to the zoo by taxi?
How long would it take us to walk there?
How long would it take you to do that?
How long would it take you to get there by bus?
How long would it take you to get there by taxi?
How long would it take you to paint my garage?
How long would it take you to paint the ceiling?
How long would it take you to paint this room?
How long would it take you to walk to your house from here?
How long would it take?
How long would that take?
How long would you like to stay at our hotel?
How long would you like to stay here?
How long would you like to stay?
How long would you recommend we stay in Australia?
How long would you recommend we stay in Boston?
How long would you say they've been there, Tom?
How long would you say they've been there?
How long you can stand on one leg can predict how long you have left to live.
How long you can stand on one leg?
How long you have been seeing Tom?
How long you stay in Australia is up to you.
How long you stay in Boston is up to you.
How long you will be in Australia?
How long you will be in Boston?
How long'll that take?
How long's Tom been at your company?
How long's Tom been gone?
How long's Tom been here?
How long's Tom been in Australia?
How long's Tom been in Boston?
How long's Tom been like this?
How long's Tom been sick?
How long's Tom been there?
How long's Tom had it?
How long's all this been here?
How long's it been since Tom died?
How long's it been?
How long's it going to take?
How long's that going to take?
How long's this going to last?
How long's this going to take?
How long, Catiline, will you go on abusing our patience?
How long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?
How long?
How loudly the old lady is snoring! Somebody should check to see if she is okay.
How lovely it is to be out of town and in the countryside.
How lovely it is today.
How lovely would it be to share stories around a crackling fire?
How lovely you look!
How lovely!
How lovely! Go and show Nan.
How lovely! Go and show it to Nan.
How low do you think the markets can go?
How lucky I am that I've got friends I can count on!
How lucky I am that the Russian members of the project are so kind. They're always there to help me. Thanks!
How lucky I am to meet you here!
How lucky I am!
How lucky are you?
How lucky can one be?
How lucky can one guy be?
How lucky can one guy get?
How lucky to meet you here.
How lucky was that?
How lucky we are to be here tonight.
How lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you!
How lucky we are!
How lucky you are!
How lucky you are.
How lucky!
How lucky! There's nothing broken.
How lucky.
How mad are you?
How many African animals are in this zoo?
How many Algerian ports are deemed suitable for large ships?
How many Algerians are able to work?
How many Algerians are employed in the private sector?
How many Algerians are foreign companies employing in Algeria?
How many Algerians are living in poverty?
How many Algerians are still living in absolute poverty?
How many Algerians are still living in poverty?
How many Algerians go to private schools?
How many Algerians have an engineering diploma?
How many Algerians have private jets?
How many Algerians live abroad?
How many Algerians live in cities?
How many Algerians live in extreme poverty?
How many Algerians live in poverty?
How many Algerians live in urban areas?
How many Algerians lived in cities in 2004?
How many Algerians lost their lives in the war for independence?
How many Algerians own yachts?
How many Algerians speak Berber?
How many Algerians still don't have access to electricity?
How many Algerians still live in poverty?
How many Algerians still work in agriculture?
How many Algerians work in agriculture?
How many Armenians live in Hungary?
How many Berber words Ziri needs to know to be able to have a conversation with a native speaker?
How many Berber words do I need to learn to be fluent in the language?
How many CDs do you have?
How many Canadian friends do you have?
How many Canadian lawyers do you know?
How many Canadians are currently studying here?
How many Canadians are here?
How many Canadians died in the crash?
How many Canadians do you expect to be there?
How many Canadians do you have working here?
How many Canadians do you know?
How many Canadians do you teach?
How many Canadians do you think are living in Boston?
How many Canadians friends do you have?
How many Canadians got injured?
How many Canadians were at your party?
How many Canadians were injured?
How many Canadians were killed?
How many Canadians were there?
How many Canadians work for you?
How many Canadians work here?
How many Celtic languages are there?
How many Chinese characters are there?
How many Chinese characters can you write now?
How many Chinese characters can you write?
How many Chinese characters did you learn?
How many Chinese characters does the average Japanese adult know?
How many Chinese characters does the average college-educated Japanese know?
How many Chinese friends do you have?
How many Christmas cards did you get last year?
How many Christmas cards did you receive last year?
How many Christmas cards did you send last year?
How many Christmas cards did you send this year?
How many Christmas cards did you send?
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
How many Christmas carols can you sing by heart?
How many Christmas movies have you watched this year?
How many Christmas presents did you get this year?
How many Christmas presents did you get?
How many Christmas presents did you give this year?
How many Christmas songs do you think you know?
How many Earths can fit in Jupiter?
How many Earths can fit in the Sun?
How many Earths would fit inside Uranus?
How many English lessons do you have in school?
How many English lessons per week do you have at school?
How many English words did you learn?
How many English words do you know?
How many Eskimos live in Greenland?
How many French books did you read last year?
How many French classes do you have a week?
How many French classes do you have per week?
How many French novels have you read?
How many French songs do you know?
How many French speakers are there in Australia?
How many French speakers do you think that there are in Australia?
How many French speakers do you think there are in Australia?
How many French teachers are there at your school?
How many French words do you know?
How many French-speaking Canadians do you know?
How many GBs of RAM does this motherboard support?
How many German people live in Algeria?
How many Icelanders live in Germany, and how many Germans live in Iceland.
How many Icelanders live in Germany, and how many Germans live in Iceland?
How many Indians are seeking employment?
How many Israeli soldiers were killed in southern Lebanon?
How many Italian friends do you have?
How many Japanese cities do you know?
How many Japanese words do you know?
How many Jupiters can fit in the Sun?
How many Kabyle people are there in France?
How many Kabyle villages have you been to?
How many Kanji did you learn?
How many Moroccans live below the poverty line?
How many Moroccans live in absolute poverty?
How many Muslims live in the holy city of Jerusalem?
How many Native American languages died to let English be the main language in North America?
How many Native American languages went extinct?
How many Native American reservations are there in the United States?
How many Olympic medals did you win?
How many Olympic medals have you won?
How many Philippine presidents were there until Benigno Simeon Aquino III?
How many Russian words do you know?
How many SIM cards do you have?
How many Santas are there?
How many Shakespearean tragedies did you read?
How many South American countries have you been to?
How many Spanish words did you learn yesterday?
How many States does your country have?
How many Stephen Foster songs do you know?
How many T-shirts do you have?
How many Tom Jacksons are there in Boston?
How many Toms do you know?
How many Tuaregs are there in this area?
How many Turks are here?
How many Turks live in Greece?
How many U2 concerts have you been to? I have been to three.
How many US dollars are in an Egyptian pound?
How many YouTube accounts are there in the world to date?
How many abortions did you have?
How many accidents have you had?
How many accordions does Tom have?
How many accounts do you have?
How many actresses do you know?
How many addresses does Tom have?
How many aircraft can an aircraft carrier hold?
How many aircraft carriers does the US Navy have?
How many airports does Algeria have?
How many airports does Boston have?
How many alphabets exist?
How many and what are the gas laws?
How many angles does a triangle have?
How many animal species are discovered every year?
How many animal species are there in the world?
How many animals are there on this farm?
How many animals can you name that hibernate?
How many animals can you see?
How many animals do you have at home?
How many animals do you have?
How many animals do you think are in this zoo?
How many animals have been culled?
How many animals of each kind did Moses bring on the ark?
How many animals of each kind did Noah bring on the ark?
How many animals of each species were there on Moses' ark?
How many apartments are in this building?
How many apple trees are in your orchard?
How many apple trees are there in your orchard?
How many apple trees do you have in your garden?
How many apple trees do you have in your orchard?
How many apples are in there?
How many apples are left?
How many apples are there?
How many apples can an apple seed produce?
How many apples can you buy for thirty dollars?
How many apples can you pick in ten minutes?
How many apples did Tom eat?
How many apples did you buy?
How many apples did you eat last week?
How many apples did you eat today?
How many apples did you eat?
How many apples did you get?
How many apples did you pick?
How many apples did you sell?
How many apples do you have?
How many apples do you want me to buy?
How many apples do you want?
How many apples does it take to make three apple pies?
How many apples have you eaten today?
How many apples have you eaten?
How many apples were in the box?
How many apples, then?
How many apples?
How many appointments do you have tomorrow?
How many apps do you use?
How many apps have you been installing on your phone?
How many architects work in this office?
How many are expected to take part in this year's book fair?
How many are here?
How many are in your party?
How many are left?
How many are on the list?
How many are on your team?
How many are still waiting outside?
How many are teachers?
How many are there in all?
How many are there in your class?
How many are there in your flat?
How many are there in your party, sir?
How many are there?
How many are too many?
How many are you missing?
How many are you taking?
How many are you?
How many are you? We are three.
How many arithmetic books are left?
How many armed fighting vehicles does Algeria have?
How many arms does a squid have?
How many arms does an octopus have?
How many articles are there on Wikipedia?
How many articles have you written for this magazine?
How many aspirin did you take?
How many aspirin do you take a day?
How many aspirins are left?
How many assistants have you had?
How many astronauts have gone to the moon?
How many atoms are there in a drop of water?
How many aubergines do you reckon you've eaten in your life?
How many audiobooks do you have on your iPod?
How many audiobooks do you have on your mobile MP3 player?
How many aunts and uncles do you have?
How many aunts and uncles does Tom have?
How many aunts do you have?
How many babies can a mouse have at one time?
How many babies have been born in this hospital this year?
How many babies have been born?
How many babies were born in this hospital last week?
How many babies were born in this village last year?
How many babies were born?
How many bags did you have?
How many bags do you have?
How many bags do you want to check?
How many bags have you got?
How many bags of cement should we buy?
How many bags of crisps did you buy?
How many bags of marshmallows did you bring?
How many bags of marshmallows did you buy?
How many bags of potato chips did you buy?
How many bags will you be checking?
How many bales of hay can your truck carry?
How many ballpoint pens are there on the desk?
How many balls can you juggle with one hand tied behind your back?
How many bananas did Tom eat?
How many bananas did you buy?
How many bananas did you eat last week?
How many bananas did you eat?
How many bananas do you eat a week?
How many bananas do you eat in a week?
How many bananas do you eat per week?
How many bananas do you think the average person eats in a year?
How many bands will be playing tonight?
How many barbers work in that barbershop?
How many barbers work in this barbershop?
How many barrels are there?
How many barrels of oil does Russia produce per day?
How many bars of soap did you buy?
How many baskets does he have?
How many bassoon concertos did Vivaldi write?
How many bathtubs do you have in your house?
How many bats are there in this cave?
How many batteries do you have right now?
How many batteries does your camera need?
How many beach towels do you have?
How many beagles does Tom have?
How many beans are in the jar?
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
How many bedrooms are in your house?
How many bedrooms are there in the house?
How many bedrooms does your house have?
How many beds are there in the house?
How many beds does the hospital have?
How many beds has the hospital got?
How many beers did Tom drink?
How many beers did he drink?
How many beers did you drink?
How many beers did you have, Tom?
How many beers do you have to drink to get drunk?
How many beers have you had?
How many bees live in a hive?
How many bicycles do you have?
How many bikes do you have?
How many billionaires are there in the world?
How many billionaires does Algeria have?
How many billy goats do you have?
How many birdhouses have you built?
How many birds are there in the garden of the school?
How many biros do you have?
How many biros have you got?
How many birthday parties did you go to last year?
How many black and white movies have you seen?
How many black and white movies have you watched?
How many blankets are there on the bed?
How many blankets do you usually use?
How many blueberry muffins did you eat yesterday?
How many board members are there?
How many bombs have been dropped?
How many books a month do you read?
How many books are in your library?
How many books are on that shelf?
How many books are on the shelf?
How many books are there in this library?
How many books are there on the table?
How many books can I borrow?
How many books can I take out at one time?
How many books can you read in a month?
How many books did you borrow?
How many books did you bring?
How many books did you buy last year?
How many books did you buy?
How many books did you read in Berber?
How many books did you read in French last year?
How many books did you read in the past year?
How many books did you read last month?
How many books did you read last summer?
How many books did you read last year?
How many books did you read?
How many books do you have in your bag?
How many books do you have in your house?
How many books do you have?
How many books do you possess?
How many books do you read a month?
How many books do you read in a month?
How many books do you read over the course of one month?
How many books do you read per month?
How many books do you think you have read so far?
How many books do you think you read last year?
How many books do you think you've read so far?
How many books does he have?
How many books have been published in Kabyle so far?
How many books have you bought?
How many books have you got?
How many books have you read in school?
How many books have you read in the past year?
How many books have you read in your life?
How many books have you read so far this summer?
How many books have you read so far this year?
How many books have you read this year?
How many books have you read?
How many books have you written?
How many bookstores did you visit?
How many bottles of beer did you and Tom drink?
How many bottles of beer did you buy?
How many bottles of beer should we buy?
How many bottles of olive oil should I buy?
How many bowls do we have?
How many bowls of cereal did Tom eat?
How many bowls of ice cream did Tom eat?
How many bowls of muesli did Tom eat?
How many bowls of muesli has Tom eaten?
How many bowls of oatmeal did Tom eat?
How many bowls of porridge did Tom eat?
How many bowls of porridge has Tom had?
How many bowls of rice did you eat?
How many bowls of soup did you eat?
How many boxes are there?
How many boxes did you fill?
How many boxes did you load on the truck?
How many boxes did you unload from the truck?
How many boxes do you have?
How many boxes of crackers did you buy?
How many boyfriends have you had?
How many boys and girls did you see in the park?
How many boys are in this class?
How many boys are in your class?
How many boys are there in the room?
How many boys are there in this class?
How many boys are there in your class?
How many boys have you kissed?
How many bracelets do you think Mary has?
How many bridges are there across the River Thames?
How many bridges are there in London?
How many bridges did you cross on your way here?
How many brooms do you need?
How many brothers and sisters did Marika have?
How many brothers and sisters do you have?
How many brothers and sisters does Tom have?
How many brothers and sisters does he have?
How many brothers do you have?
How many brothers do you have? How many sisters do you have?
How many brothers does Tom have?
How many brothers does he have?
How many brothers have you got? How many sisters have you got?
How many brothers-in-law do you have?
How many buckets of water would it take to fill this swimming pool?
How many buildings are there in this area?
How many buildings are there on this campus?
How many buildings do you own?
How many bullets can a machine gun shoot?
How many bunnies are hidden in this box?
How many bus stations are there in this city?
How many bus stops are there between here and where you get off?
How many bus stops are there between your house and Tom's?
How many bus stops are there to the center?
How many cafeterias are on this campus?
How many cafeterias are there on your campus?
How many cafeterias does your university have?
How many calories are in 100 grams of butter?
How many calories are in this dish?
How many calories are there in that sandwich?
How many calories do teenagers need?
How many calories do you burn running up six flights of stairs?
How many calories do you burn when you exercise?
How many calories does a child of 7 to 10 need?
How many calories does this have?
How many calories have you had today?
How many calories is a peanut butter sandwich?
How many came to your party?
How many came to your wedding?
How many cameras do you have?
How many cameras does Tom have?
How many canals are there?
How many candles are we lighting tonight?
How many candles were on the cake?
How many candles were on you last birthday cake?
How many cans are in a case?
How many cans of beer did he drink?
How many cans of beer did you buy?
How many cans of beer have you drunk?
How many capital cities does South Africa have?
How many caps do you have?
How many caps do you own?
How many caps does Tom have?
How many carbon atoms does methane have?
How many cardiologists do you know?
How many cards has this referee shown this match?
How many carpenters do you know?
How many carrots did you put in the stew?
How many cars are there in the United States?
How many cars are there in the parking lot?
How many cars can this garage hold?
How many cars can you see?
How many cars do Tom and Mary have?
How many cars do Tom and Mary own?
How many cars do you have?
How many cars do you own?
How many cars does Alex have?
How many cars does Tom have?
How many cars does Tom own?
How many cars does Yanni own?
How many cars does he have?
How many cars does the Tsubasa have?
How many cars does this train have?
How many cars has Alex got?
How many cars has that company bought?
How many cars have you had?
How many cars have you owned so far?
How many cars have you owned?
How many cars were involved in the accident?
How many cases are there for nouns in Latin?
How many cases of beer did you buy?
How many cases of beer should we buy?
How many categories are there?
How many cats are in this house?
How many cats are there in the garden?
How many cats are there in this house?
How many cats do Tom and Mary have?
How many cats do you guys have?
How many cats do you have?
How many cats does Tom have?
How many cats have you got, then?
How many cats is too many?
How many caves are there in this area?
How many cell phones do you have?
How many cent are there in a dollar?
How many centimeters are in a meter?
How many centimeters are there in a meter?
How many centimeters tall are you?
How many cents are there in a dollar?
How many centuries are there in a millennium?
How many chairs are in this room?
How many chairs are missing?
How many chairs are there?
How many chairs do we have?
How many chairs do we need?
How many chairs do you have around your table?
How many chairs do you have at home?
How many chairs have you broken so far?
How many changes of clothes did you pack?
How many chapters did you read last night?
How many chapters have you read?
How many characters are there in this play?
How many characters are there in your story?
How many chauffeurs have you had?
How many chemical elements are there in the world?
How many chemical elements do you know?
How many chicken pies did you buy? I bought six.
How many chickens are in the chicken coop?
How many chickens did you buy?
How many chickens did you count?
How many chickens do you have now?
How many chickens do you have?
How many children are at risk of malnourishment in Algeria?
How many children are playing in the park?
How many children are there?
How many children can a woman bear?
How many children can you see?
How many children did Massinissa have in total?
How many children did you see in the park?
How many children do Tom and Mary have?
How many children do you already have?
How many children do you have already?
How many children do you have?
How many children do you want to have when you get married?
How many children do you want to have?
How many children do you want?
How many children does Tom have?
How many children does he have?
How many children have you killed?
How many children were born?
How many children were injured?
How many children were killed?
How many children were on the bus?
How many children were playing in the park?
How many children were rescued?
How many children will be at the party?
How many children's stories have you written?
How many chin-ups can you do, Tom?
How many chromosomes does a human being have?
How many churches are there in Lisbon?
How many churches are there in this city?
How many churches do you think there are in Australia?
How many churches do you think there are in Boston?
How many cigarettes am I allowed to take back duty free?
How many cigarettes do you smoke a day?
How many cigarettes do you smoke every day?
How many cigarettes do you smoke in a day?
How many cigarettes do you smoke per day?
How many cities are in America?
How many cities are there in Montana?
How many cities are there in the USA?
How many cities are there in the world?
How many cities did you visit?
How many cities have been bombed so far?
How many cities in Portugal do you know?
How many civilians have been killed or wounded?
How many civilians were killed?
How many civilizations must have lived and died in galaxies that no longer exist?
How many classes did you have yesterday?
How many classes did you miss when you were sick?
How many classes do you have a day?
How many classes do you have a week?
How many classes do you have every week?
How many classes do you have on Monday?
How many classes do you have on Mondays?
How many classes do you have on Saturdays?
How many classes do you have today?
How many classes do you have tomorrow?
How many classes do you have?
How many classes do you usually have on Mondays?
How many classes has he missed this semester?
How many classrooms do you have in your school?
How many classrooms does this school have?
How many clients do you have?
How many clocks are left?
How many clocks did you have?
How many clocks do you have in your house?
How many close friends do you have?
How many clubs do you belong to?
How many coats do you have?
How many coins are in your coin collection?
How many coins did you find?
How many coins did you give me?
How many coins do you have in your coin collection?
How many coins do you have in your hand?
How many colleges did Tom apply to?
How many colors are there?
How many colors can you see?
How many colors do you see in the rainbow?
How many colors does your country's flag have?
How many colours are in the rainbow?
How many colours are there?
How many colours can you see in the rainbow?
How many colours do you see in the rainbow?
How many colours does a rainbow have?
How many colours does your country's flag have?
How many combat situations have you been in?
How many comments do you post on Tatoeba per day?
How many committees are you on?
How many computers did you say you had?
How many computers do you have at home?
How many computers do you have?
How many computers does this engineer have?
How many computers have you had so far?
How many concert did you go to last year?
How many concerts are the band going to play during their tour?
How many concerts are the band going to play on their tour?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts have you been to?
How many concerts will be organized this year?
How many concerts will the band play during their tour?
How many concussions has Tom had?
How many confirmed cases of COVID-19 does Algeria have?
How many constellations can you name?
How many constellations do you know?
How many consumers will Algeria have in 2040?
How many continents are there in the world?
How many continents are there?
How many cookbooks do you have?
How many cookbooks have you published?
How many cookies are left?
How many cookies did Tom eat?
How many cookies did you bake?
How many cookies did you buy?
How many cookies did you eat?
How many cookies did you make?
How many cookies do you want?
How many cookies were in this package?
How many cookies would Marcus like?
How many cooks does this restaurant have?
How many copies did you sell?
How many copies do you need?
How many copies do you want?
How many copies have you sold?
How many copies of magazines are being printed in Japan across all Japanese magazines?
How many cops are there?
How many cores does its processor have?
How many cores does the processor have?
How many counties are there in Florida?
How many counties does Florida have?
How many countries are in Africa?
How many countries are in Asia?
How many countries are in Europe?
How many countries are in South America?
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
How many countries are there in Africa?
How many countries are there in Asia?
How many countries are there in Europe?
How many countries are there in Florida?
How many countries are there in the world?
How many countries did you visit on your trip?
How many countries does France border?
How many countries does Germany border?
How many countries does the Euphrates river cross?
How many countries have French as an official language?
How many countries have names that start with the letter "Y"?
How many countries have you been to?
How many countries have you gone to?
How many countries have you visited?
How many countries make up what's called Latin America?
How many cousins do you have?
How many cows and chickens are there?
How many cows are there in the village?
How many cows are there on this farm?
How many cows did you sell yesterday?
How many cows died?
How many cows do you have?
How many cows do you own?
How many cranes are there in this port?
How many crates are there?
How many crazy people are there in this town?
How many credit cards do you have?
How many credits can I get for this course?
How many credits do you need to graduate?
How many credits is this course?
How many crimes were committed?
How many cruises are there each day?
How many cupcakes did you eat?
How many cups are on the table?
How many cups are there on the table?
How many cups do you need?
How many cups of coffee a day are too many?
How many cups of coffee did Tom drink?
How many cups of coffee did you drink this morning?
How many cups of coffee did you drink today?
How many cups of coffee did you drink yesterday?
How many cups of coffee did you drink?
How many cups of coffee do you drink a day?
How many cups of coffee do you drink a week?
How many cups of coffee do you drink every day?
How many cups of coffee does Tom usually drink a day?
How many cups of coffee does Tom usually drink per day?
How many cups of coffee have you had today?
How many cups of coffee per day does Tom usually drink?
How many cups of tea a day do the British drink?
How many cups of tea did you drink?
How many cups of tea do you drink a day?
How many cups of tea do you drink every day?
How many cups of tea do you drink per day?
How many cushions are on the sofa?
How many customers are there?
How many customers do you have there?
How many cylinders does an engine need?
How many cylinders does your engine have?
How many dancing angels can fit on the tip of a knife blade?
How many dates did you go on last month?
How many dates have you been on since you and Tom broke up?
How many daughters do Tom and Mary have?
How many daughters do you have?
How many daughters do you want to have?
How many daughters does Tom have?
How many daughters does he have?
How many daughters does she have?
How many daughters-in-law does Tom have?
How many days a week do you come here?
How many days a week do you exercise?
How many days a week do you go to school?
How many days a week do you see Tom?
How many days a week do you work?
How many days a week does Tom come here?
How many days a year do you swim?
How many days ago did that happen?
How many days ago did you buy milk?
How many days ago did you buy this?
How many days ago did you do that?
How many days are in February?
How many days are in October?
How many days are in a month?
How many days are in a year?
How many days are in this month?
How many days are there before Christmas?
How many days are there in October?
How many days are there in a leap year?
How many days are there in a week?
How many days are there in a year?
How many days are there until Christmas?
How many days are there until New Year?
How many days are there until your birthday?
How many days are you going to be visiting your hometown?
How many days are you planning to stay?
How many days can you survive without food?
How many days comprise a leap year?
How many days did Tom do that?
How many days did it take Tom to do that?
How many days did it take Tom to paint this picture?
How many days did it take to do that?
How many days did it take to go from Algiers to Bejaia?
How many days did it take you to do that?
How many days did it take you to paint that picture?
How many days did the Six-Day War last?
How many days did you spend doing that?
How many days did you spend in Australia?
How many days did you spend in Boston?
How many days did you stay in Australia?
How many days did you stay in Boston?
How many days do we have left until summer vacation begins?
How many days do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How many days do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How many days do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How many days do you need?
How many days do you plan to stay?
How many days do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
How many days do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
How many days do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
How many days do you think Tom has spent doing that?
How many days do you think it would take to ride a bicycle from Boston to Chicago?
How many days do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many days do you think it'll take to do that?
How many days do you think it'll take you to do that?
How many days do you think it'll take you to finish writing the report?
How many days do you think you could survive without water?
How many days do you usually need to get there?
How many days do you want to stay in Australia?
How many days do you want to stay in Boston?
How many days does a leap year have?
How many days does it actually take to do that?
How many days does it really take to do that?
How many days does it take to do that?
How many days does it take to sail to Boston?
How many days does it usually take to get there?
How many days does it usually take?
How many days does your period last?
How many days has Tom already spent doing that?
How many days has Tom been doing that?
How many days has Tom spent doing that?
How many days has it been since Tom left?
How many days has it been since that happened?
How many days have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
How many days have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How many days have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
How many days have you already spent doing that?
How many days have you been doing that?
How many days have you been fasting?
How many days have you been here so far?
How many days have you been here?
How many days have you been in Boston?
How many days have you been in pain? Since when have you had the stomach illness?
How many days have you been wearing that T-shirt for?
How many days have you been wearing that T-shirt?
How many days have you gone without food?
How many days have you had that T-shirt on for?
How many days have you spent doing that?
How many days is it until spring starts?
How many days is your holiday?
How many days old was I when this picture was taken?
How many days till New Year?
How many days until my birthday?
How many days until the end of August? Sixteen.
How many days was Tom ill for?
How many days was Tom ill?
How many days was Tom in the hospital?
How many days was Tom sick?
How many days were you in Australia?
How many days were you in Boston?
How many days were you in hospital?
How many days were you in the hospital?
How many days were you there?
How many days will Tom be here?
How many days will Tom be traveling?
How many days will Tom stay in Australia?
How many days will Tom stay in Boston?
How many days will it actually take to do that?
How many days will it really take to do that?
How many days will it take Tom to do that?
How many days will it take if I send this as registered mail?
How many days will it take if I send this by registered post?
How many days will it take to do that?
How many days will it take until the swelling goes down?
How many days will it take us to do that?
How many days will it take you to do that?
How many days will it take?
How many days will you be here?
How many days will you be in Boston?
How many days will you be there?
How many days will you remain in Australia?
How many days will you remain in Boston?
How many days will you remain in London?
How many days will you stay in Australia?
How many days will you stay in Boston?
How many days will you stay?
How many deaf workers did you employ?
How many deaf workers did you hire?
How many deaf workers have you employed?
How many deaf workers have you hired?
How many deals are you working on?
How many deaths has Algeria had from COVID-19?
How many deaths have there been so far?
How many deaths were there?
How many deaths would you say Algeria has had from COVID-19?
How many decades have you lived in this house?
How many declinations are there in German?
How many deer are there in your herd?
How many degrees are you planning on earning?
How many degrees does water boil at?
How many degrees does water freeze at?
How many descendants of Julius Caesar do you think are still alive?
How many desks are there in the classroom?
How many detainees are held at Guantanamo?
How many dictators has Algeria had?
How many dictionaries do you have?
How many dictionaries does this translator have?
How many did Tom get?
How many did you buy?
How many did you catch? I got four.
How many did you count?
How many did you get?
How many did you give Tom?
How many did you say there were?
How many did you say were there?
How many did you take?
How many did you think there would be?
How many did you want?
How many died from the earthquake?
How many died?
How many different kinds of cheese did you put on this pizza?
How many different kinds of fruit did you buy today?
How many different kinds of fruit do you eat in a week?
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?
How many different people have you had anal intercourse with during the last month?
How many different pieces are there in Japanese chess?
How many different schools have you attended in all?
How many different schools have you attended?
How many different species of spiders are there?
How many different toppings are there on the pizza?
How many different ways do you know how to cook an egg?
How many different ways do you know how to cook eggs?
How many digits does pi have?
How many digits does that number have?
How many do I have to do?
How many do I need?
How many do Tom and Mary need?
How many do they need?
How many do you even want?
How many do you have in stock?
How many do you have left?
How many do you have?
How many do you need?
How many do you plan to sell today?
How many do you see now?
How many do you take?
How many do you think you'll be able to sell?
How many do you want to buy?
How many do you want?
How many documents do you have to translate?
How many does Tom need?
How many does he want?
How many does the sofa seat?
How many dog breeds can you name?
How many dog owners do you know?
How many dogs are there in your neighborhood?
How many dogs did you see in the park?
How many dogs do you have?
How many dogs does Mary have?
How many dogs does Tom have?
How many dogs has Tom got?
How many dogs have you got, then?
How many dogs have you had?
How many dolls did you have when you were a little girl?
How many dolls do you have?
How many dolphins are there at this oceanarium?
How many domestic date varieties grow in Algeria?
How many donuts did Tom eat?
How many donuts did you buy?
How many donuts do you think Tom ate?
How many donuts do you want?
How many doors are there in this house?
How many doors does your classroom have?
How many dots does that ladybug have?
How many doughnuts can you eat on an empty stomach? Just one. After the first one your stomach isn't empty.
How many doughnuts did Tom eat?
How many dozen pencils do you have?
How many dragonfruit did you buy from the store yesterday?
How many dresses like that does Mary have?
How many drinks are there?
How many drinks did you have at lunch?
How many drinks did you have?
How many drinks have you had tonight?
How many drinks have you had?
How many drummers do you know?
How many e-mailboxes do you have?
How many e-mails do you write every day?
How many ears of corn did you buy?
How many eggs are in the refrigerator?
How many eggs are there in a standard egg carton?
How many eggs are there in the fridge?
How many eggs are there in the kitchen?
How many eggs are there in the refrigerator?
How many eggs are there?
How many eggs could you get yesterday?
How many eggs did Mother buy?
How many eggs did Tom buy?
How many eggs did Tom eat?
How many eggs did mammy buy?
How many eggs did you buy the last time you bought eggs?
How many eggs did you buy?
How many eggs did you collect?
How many eggs did you eat this morning?
How many eggs did you gather?
How many eggs do the hens lay a day?
How many eggs do the hens lay each day?
How many eggs do we have in the kitchen?
How many eggs do we need?
How many eggs do you eat a week?
How many eggs do you eat per day?
How many eggs do you usually eat for breakfast?
How many eggs do you want me to buy?
How many eggs do you want?
How many eggs does a fly lay?
How many eggs does an octopus lay at one time?
How many eggs does one hen lay in a year?
How many eggs does this hen lay each week?
How many eggs should I buy?
How many eggs should I use for an omelet for five people?
How many eggs were you able to get yesterday?
How many eggs?
How many elements are there in the Periodic Table of Elements to date?
How many elements are there?
How many elephants are here?
How many elephants are left in Africa?
How many elevators are in this building?
How many elevators are there in this shopping mall?
How many emails do you write a day?
How many employees are at your company?
How many employees do you have?
How many employees does this company employ full time?
How many employees have you fired?
How many employees have your laid off?
How many employees work at this company?
How many engineers took part in the conference?
How many episodes do you watch in a row?
How many episodes have you seen now?
How many episodes have you seen so far?
How many episodes of One Piece have you watched?
How many ethnic groups does Mali have?
How many euros do you have?
How many ewes does Ziri have?
How many ex-husbands do you have?
How many ex-husbands does Mary have?
How many ex-wives do you have?
How many ex-wives does Tom have?
How many examples do I need to give you?
How many examples do you need?
How many examples per day can you add?
How many exams did you have last week?
How many exams do you have?
How many exams will you have next week?
How many exoplanets are there?
How many exoplanets have been discovered so far?
How many exposures would you like?
How many extremely wealthy individuals does Algeria have?
How many eyes do you have?
How many eyes does a spider have?
How many eyes had the Cyclops?
How many faces does a cube have?
How many factories could there be in Uganda?
How many factories might there be in Uganda?
How many factories will there be in Uganda?
How many famous astronomers can you name?
How many feet are in a mile?
How many feet are in a yard?
How many feet are there in a mile?
How many feet are there in a yard?
How many figs have you eaten?
How many films did you watch last week?
How many films did you watch last weekend?
How many films did you watch yesterday?
How many fingers am I holding up?
How many firearms do you own?
How many firemen were there?
How many first cousins do you have?
How many fish can you keep in your tank?
How many fish did you and Tom catch?
How many fish did you catch?
How many fish did you eat?
How many fish have you eaten?
How many flies did you kill?
How many flights a day do you have to Boston?
How many flights are there per day?
How many flights to Boston do you have a day?
How many flights to Boston do you offer a day?
How many flights to New York do you offer a day?
How many flights to New York do you offer a week?
How many flights to Osaka do you offer a day?
How many flights to Tokyo do you offer a day?
How many floors does that building have?
How many floors does this building have?
How many flowers are in the vase?
How many flowers are there in the vase?
How many flowers are you buying?
How many flowers are you going to buy?
How many flowers can you pick in ten minutes?
How many flowers did Tom give Mary?
How many flowers did Tom give to Mary?
How many flowers did you buy?
How many flowers do you buy?
How many fluids are used in a car?
How many followers do you have on Twitter?
How many followers does Ziri have on Instagram?
How many followers on Instagram do you have?
How many food groups are there nowadays?
How many foreign languages can you speak?
How many foreign languages do you know?
How many foreign languages do you speak fluently?
How many foreign languages do you speak?
How many foreign nationals live in Algeria?
How many foreign students are in your class?
How many foreign tourists does Algeria attract every year?
How many foreign tourists visit Algeria annually?
How many foreign tourists visit Algeria each year?
How many foreign tourists visit Algeria every year?
How many foreign tourists visit Algeria?
How many foreign tourists visit Algiers every year?
How many foreign visitors come to your hotel each year?
How many foreigners do you have working here?
How many foreigners live and work in Algeria?
How many foreigners live in Algeria?
How many foreigners work here?
How many foreigners work in Algeria?
How many forks do we need?
How many forks do you need?
How many foul balls did you catch?
How many frets does your guitar have?
How many friends are you going to bring to my party?
How many friends do you have in Australia?
How many friends do you have in Boston?
How many friends do you have on Facebook?
How many friends do you have?
How many full moons are there in a year?
How many gadjos are there in your class?
How many galaxies are there in the universe?
How many gallons are in a cubic foot?
How many gallons do you think this tank will hold?
How many gallons does it take to fill a hot tub?
How many gallons does it take to fill your tank?
How many gallons of water does it take to fill a normal bath tub?
How many games can we win?
How many games do you have in your collection?
How many games do you have on your phone?
How many games would you like to play?
How many gas stations do you think are in this city?
How many gazelles do we have on this preserve?
How many genders are there?
How many gifts do you think she received last holiday season?
How many gifts under the Christmas tree!
How many giraffe herds are there in this area?
How many giraffes live in the wild?
How many girlfriends are you planning to have?
How many girlfriends does Fadil have?
How many girlfriends does Tom have?
How many girlfriends have you had?
How many girls are in this picture?
How many girls are in your class?
How many girls are there in this picture?
How many girls are there in your class?
How many girls do you teach?
How many girls have you dated in your life?
How many girls have you dated?
How many girls have you kissed?
How many girls were at the party?
How many glasses are on the table?
How many glasses do we need?
How many glasses of juice did she drink?
How many glasses of milk did you drink last week?
How many glasses of milk do you drink a day?
How many glasses of pineapple juice did you drink yesterday?
How many glasses of water do you drink each day?
How many glasses of wine did Tom drink?
How many glasses of wine did you drink before I got here?
How many glasses of wine do you drink every day?
How many goals did you score?
How many goals has he scored so far?
How many goals has he scored up to now?
How many goals have you scored?
How many goats do they have?
How many goats does Yanni have?
How many golf balls did you buy?
How many grade four kanji have you memorised?
How many grams are a teaspoon of salt?
How many grams are there in a pound?
How many grams of meat do you usually cook per person?
How many grandchildren do you have?
How many grandchildren does he have?
How many graves are there?
How many groups on WhatsApp have you joined?
How many guards are there?
How many guards can you see?
How many guards were there?
How many guests are coming to the stay?
How many guests are there?
How many guests are we going to have tonight?
How many guests are you expecting?
How many guests are you planning on?
How many guests did you invite?
How many guests should we expect tonight?
How many guests?
How many guitar lessons have you had so far?
How many guitars do you have?
How many guitars do you own?
How many guitars does Tom have?
How many guns does Tom have?
How many guns shows do they have in Boston?
How many guns were in the truck?
How many gunshots did you hear?
How many guys gave you their numbers last night?
How many guys have you dated in your life?
How many guys have you dated?
How many hairs are there in a cat's tail?
How many hairs are there in a cat’s tail?
How many hairs does a human being have on his head?
How many hamburger buns did you buy?
How many hamburgers are there?
How many hamburgers did you buy?
How many hamburgers did you eat?
How many hamburgers do you think you ate last year?
How many handkerchiefs do you have there?
How many handkerchiefs do you have with you?
How many handkerchiefs do you have?
How many hanzi are there?
How many harmonicas do you have?
How many hats do you have?
How many hats do you own?
How many hats does your grandfather have?
How many have I got to do?
How many have died because of you?
How many have died in God's name?
How many have you had?
How many have you killed?
How many headlights does this car have?
How many high school students are here?
How many high schools are there in Boston?
How many hints did Tom give you?
How many hippopotami did you see today?
How many hippopotamuses did you see today?
How many hippos did you see today?
How many holes are there in a straw?
How many holidays do we have this month?
How many home runs did Tom hit?
How many home runs has Tom hit?
How many homers has Tom hit?
How many horses are there in Algiers?
How many horses are there in Sweden?
How many horses did you see?
How many horses do Tom and Mary own?
How many horses do you have?
How many horses do you own?
How many horses does Tom own?
How many hospitals are there in Boston?
How many hot dogs are there?
How many hot dogs can you fit in your mouth?
How many hot dogs did you buy?
How many hot dogs did you eat last weekend?
How many hot dogs did you eat?
How many hot dogs did you sell today?
How many hot dogs do you sell a day?
How many hot dogs have you sold today?
How many hotels are there in Paris?
How many hotels do you think there are in Australia?
How many hotels do you think there are in Boston?
How many hours a day do Tom and Mary do that?
How many hours a day do Tom and Mary study French?
How many hours a day do Tom and Mary watch TV?
How many hours a day do you sleep?
How many hours a day do you spend in the kitchen?
How many hours a day do you spend in your office?
How many hours a day do you spend with your dog?
How many hours a day do you study French?
How many hours a day do you study?
How many hours a day do you swim?
How many hours a day do you watch TV?
How many hours a day do you work?
How many hours a day does Tom do that?
How many hours a day does Tom study French?
How many hours a day does Tom swim?
How many hours a day does Tom watch TV?
How many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen?
How many hours a day does the average Canadian spend watching TV?
How many hours a night do you sleep?
How many hours a week do you do that?
How many hours a week do you help out at the homeless shelter?
How many hours a week do you play games?
How many hours a week do you spend in the classroom?
How many hours a week do you spend studying French?
How many hours a week do you spend watching TV?
How many hours a week do you teach?
How many hours a week do you usually work?
How many hours a week do you watch TV?
How many hours a week do you work?
How many hours ago did that happen?
How many hours ago did you do that?
How many hours are left?
How many hours are you going to sit in front of the TV?
How many hours did Tom do that?
How many hours did Tom work yesterday?
How many hours did it take Tom to do that?
How many hours did it take to do that?
How many hours did it take you to do that?
How many hours did you and your friends play cards?
How many hours did you have to wait?
How many hours did you put in at the office last week?
How many hours did you sleep last night?
How many hours did you spend doing that?
How many hours did you spend helping Tom with his homework?
How many hours did you spend with Tom?
How many hours did you walk?
How many hours did you work last week?
How many hours did you work this week?
How many hours did you work today?
How many hours did you work yesterday?
How many hours do people work in Germany per week?
How many hours do you actually exercise every week?
How many hours do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How many hours do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How many hours do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How many hours do you exercise every week?
How many hours do you normally sleep?
How many hours do you normally work?
How many hours do you plan to work next week?
How many hours do you sleep a day?
How many hours do you sleep at night?
How many hours do you study every day?
How many hours do you take a nap every day?
How many hours do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
How many hours do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
How many hours do you think Tom did that?
How many hours do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
How many hours do you think Tom has spent doing that?
How many hours do you think it took Tom paint this picture?
How many hours do you think it took Tom to do that?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to finish writing the report?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to mow the lawn?
How many hours do you think it'll take to do that?
How many hours do you think it'll take us to do that?
How many hours do you think it'll take you to do that?
How many hours do you think you watched TV last week?
How many hours do you usually sleep?
How many hours do you work each day?
How many hours do you work per week?
How many hours does a flight from London to Morocco last?
How many hours does it actually take to do that?
How many hours does it really take to do that?
How many hours does it take to beat this game, excluding side-quests?
How many hours does it take to do that?
How many hours does it take to drive from Boston to Chicago?
How many hours does it take to fly to Boston?
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by bus?
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by car?
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by plane?
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago?
How many hours does it take to get to Boston by plane?
How many hours does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
How many hours has Tom already spent doing that?
How many hours has Tom already spent helping you?
How many hours has Tom been doing that?
How many hours has Tom been helping you so far?
How many hours has Tom spent doing that?
How many hours has Tom spent helping you so far?
How many hours has it been since you last drank alcohol?
How many hours has it been since you've eaten something?
How many hours has it been since you've eaten?
How many hours have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
How many hours have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How many hours have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
How many hours have you already spent doing that?
How many hours have you been doing that?
How many hours have you been sitting there?
How many hours have you been studying?
How many hours have you spent doing that?
How many hours is Mykonos from here?
How many hours is the flight?
How many hours left till arrival?
How many hours of TV do you watch a day?
How many hours of TV do you watch every week?
How many hours of TV do you watch per day?
How many hours of electricity do Gazans get per day?
How many hours of sleep did you get?
How many hours of sleep did you really get last night?
How many hours of sleep do most people need?
How many hours of sleep do you get every night?
How many hours of sleep do you need?
How many hours of video do you think you watched last week?
How many hours per week do you normally work?
How many hours sleep do you need?
How many hours will I have to wait?
How many hours will it really take to do that?
How many hours will it take Tom to do that?
How many hours will it take to do that?
How many hours will it take us to do that?
How many hours will it take you to do that?
How many hours will it take you to get to Boston?
How many hours will it take?
How many hours will the trip take?
How many hours will this take?
How many hours would it take to do that?
How many hours would it take to drive from Boston to Chicago?
How many hours' sleep did you get?
How many house keys do you have?
How many houses are there on your street?
How many houses do you have?
How many houses do you own?
How many houses were destroyed in Iraq?
How many human beings live on Earth?
How many humps do camels have on their backs?
How many humps would an offspring of a Bactrian and a dromedary camel get?
How many husbands has Mary had?
How many husbands have you had, then?
How many husbands have you had?
How many hydro-power stations does Algeria have?
How many idioms have we studied so far?
How many immigrants were naturalized in 2013?
How many inches are in a foot?
How many inches are there in a foot?
How many inches did you grow last year?
How many independent countries are there in the world?
How many indigenous languages from the island of New Guinea have at least one sentence in Tatoeba?
How many inhabitants are there?
How many inhabitants does your city have?
How many injuries were there?
How many innocent civilians did the US kill in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How many innocent civilians were killed in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How many innocent people were killed in Vietnam?
How many instruments do you know how to play?
How many international events has Tokyo hosted?
How many invitations did you send out?
How many is nine minus six?
How many islands are in Germany?
How many islands does Germany have?
How many islands does Indonesia have?
How many items are on the list?
How many items are on your list?
How many javelins do you need?
How many job interviews have you done so far?
How many jobs can teachers do?
How many jobs can you do at once?
How many jobs do you have right now?
How many jobs do you have?
How many jobs have you had?
How many journals are on the table?
How many kanji are there?
How many kanji can you remember?
How many kanji characters are there?
How many kanji do you know?
How many kanji does the average Japanese adult know?
How many kanji does the average college-educated Japanese know?
How many kebabs will you have?
How many kegs of beer did you order for the party?
How many keys are on your keychain?
How many keys do you have in your box?
How many keys do you have?
How many kidneys does a human being have?
How many kidneys does a human have?
How many kids did you see in the park?
How many kids do Sami and Layla have?
How many kids do Tom and Mary have?
How many kids do you have?
How many kids do you want to have?
How many kids do you want?
How many kids does Sami have?
How many kids does Tom have?
How many kids does she have?
How many kids named Tom are in your class?
How many kilograms did Tom lose last summer?
How many kilograms did Tom lose?
How many kilograms did you actually lose?
How many kilograms did you lose last month?
How many kilograms did you lose?
How many kilograms do you think I need to lose?
How many kilograms do you want to lose?
How many kilograms do you weigh?
How many kilograms does it amount to?
How many kilograms has Tom lost so far?
How many kilograms has Tom lost?
How many kilograms have you lost so far?
How many kilograms have you lost?
How many kilograms of rice did you buy?
How many kilometers are there from Moscow to St. Petersburg?
How many kilometers are there in six miles?
How many kilometers did she walk?
How many kilometers did you walk?
How many kilometers do athletes run in a marathon?
How many kilometers do giraffes cover per year?
How many kilometers is it from Boston to Chicago?
How many kilometers is it from here to the railroad station?
How many kilometers is it from here to the train station?
How many kilometers is it to the next town?
How many kilometers per liter does the average car get?
How many kilometres away is their city from ours?
How many kilometres is it from here to the railway station?
How many kilometres is it from here to the station?
How many kilometres is it to Berlin?
How many kilometres is it to the nearest town?
How many kilos can you lift?
How many kilos did Tom lose last summer?
How many kilos did Tom lose?
How many kilos did you actually lose?
How many kilos did you lose last month?
How many kilos did you lose?
How many kilos do you think I need to lose?
How many kilos do you want to lose?
How many kilos do you weigh?
How many kilos has Tom lost so far?
How many kilos has Tom lost?
How many kilos have you lost so far?
How many kilos have you lost?
How many kilos may I take?
How many kilos of meat did you buy?
How many kilowatts does the average home use per year?
How many kilowatts does the average refrigerator use per month?
How many kinds are there?
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard?
How many kinds of birds are in your garden?
How many kinds of birds are there?
How many kinds of cheese did you put on this pizza?
How many kinds of cheese do you use on your pizzas?
How many kinds of insect are there?
How many kinds of quartz are there?
How many kinds of sonnet are there?
How many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden?
How many knives do you need?
How many kumquats did you just eat?
How many lakes are there in Canada?
How many lakes are there in Finland?
How many lakes does Canada have?
How many landfill sites does Algeria have?
How many languages are in danger of dying?
How many languages are spoken in Europe?
How many languages are spoken in New Guinea?
How many languages are spoken on Earth?
How many languages are spoken worldwide?
How many languages are there in Europe?
How many languages are there in the world?
How many languages are there worldwide?
How many languages are you able to translate this sentence into?
How many languages can a person learn?
How many languages can you learn in a lifetime?
How many languages can you say "Hello" in?
How many languages can you speak fluently?
How many languages can you speak well?
How many languages can you speak?
How many languages could the average person learn?
How many languages disappear each year because another language seems more "cool" to their young speakers?
How many languages do you consider yourself fluent in?
How many languages do you know?
How many languages do you speak fluently?
How many languages do you speak well?
How many languages do you speak, professor?
How many languages do you speak?
How many languages do you think Tom can speak?
How many languages do you think he knows?
How many languages do you think she knows?
How many languages do you want to learn?
How many languages does Charlotte know?
How many languages does Tom speak fluently?
How many languages does Tom speak?
How many languages does he speak?
How many languages does he want to study?
How many languages does she speak?
How many languages does she want to learn?
How many languages does your wife speak?
How many languages have you identified?
How many languages have you mastered fluently?
How many languages have you mastered?
How many languages have you recognized?
How many languages have you studied?
How many languages other than French can you speak?
How many languages should a diplomat know?
How many languages would you like to know?
How many laps can you swim in thirty minutes?
How many laps did you run?
How many laps did you swim today?
How many laps did you swim?
How many laps do you swim every day?
How many laps do you usually swim?
How many laps of the Earth have you completed?
How many laps?
How many lawyers do you think there are in Boston?
How many lawyers does Tom have?
How many lectures do you have today?
How many lectures have you lot got today?
How many left-handed people do you know?
How many legs do centipedes have?
How many legs do three centipedes have?
How many legs does a centipede have?
How many legs does a dog have?
How many legs does a spider have?
How many lessons is the examination going to cover?
How many letters are there in the English alphabet?
How many letters are there in the alphabet?
How many letters are there in this alphabet?
How many letters did you send to Tom?
How many letters do you think this book has?
How many letters does the Russian alphabet have?
How many letters does the Slovak alphabet have?
How many letters does this word have?
How many level crossings are there in Algeria?
How many librarians work here?
How many libraries are there in this neighborhood?
How many licenses have been sold?
How many lifeboats are on this ship?
How many lifeboats are there?
How many likes did you get?
How many lines are there in this paragraph?
How many lions would it take to kill a giraffe?
How many liters do you think this tank will hold?
How many liters does it take to fill a hot tub?
How many liters of oil do you need?
How many liters of water did you use to dilute the acid in the test tube?
How many liters of water does it take to fill a normal bath tub?
How many liters of water does this swimming pool hold?
How many litres does it take to fill a hot tub?
How many litres of oil are there in a barrel?
How many litres of oil are there in the barrel?
How many litres of petrol does it take to fill your car?
How many lives have you ruined?
How many lives were lost?
How many living symphonists are there?
How many loads of laundry did you do today?
How many loads of laundry did you wash today?
How many loaves of bread did Tom bake?
How many loaves of bread did you bake?
How many loaves of bread did you buy?
How many loaves of bread did you give Tom?
How many loaves of bread do you need to buy?
How many loaves of bread do you think you bought last year?
How many loaves of bread do you usually buy when you buy bread?
How many loaves of bread do you usually buy?
How many loaves of bread do you want me to buy?
How many love languages are there?
How many made it back in time?
How many magazines are on the desk?
How many magazines did you buy last month?
How many maids does that lady want to employ?
How many major cities are there in Oregon?
How many major earthquakes have there been in Australia in the past three years?
How many major terrorist attacks were there last year?
How many major universities are there in Australia?
How many mangoes do you want?
How many mangos will you want?
How many margaritas have you drunk?
How many markets are there in this town?
How many marshmallows did Tom eat?
How many marshmallows did you bring?
How many marshmallows did you buy?
How many masts does that ship have?
How many masts has that ship got?
How many meals a day do you eat?
How many meals do you eat a day?
How many meaningful sentences can Tatoeba contain?
How many medals did the Japanese athletes collect?
How many medications are you on?
How many meeting rooms do you have in this building?
How many meetings do you have each week?
How many meetings were there?
How many men are guarding Tom?
How many men are guarding her?
How many men are guarding him?
How many men are guarding them?
How many men are there that wear a coat that cost a hundred francs, and carry a diamond in the head of their cane, and dine for twenty-five SOUS for all that! It seems as though we could never pay enough for the pleasures of vanity.
How many men are trying to learn English?
How many men do you have working in the dairy now?
How many men do you have?
How many men does it take to replace an empty toilet roll? No one knows, it's never happened.
How many men have you killed?
How many men have you kissed?
How many men named Tom do you know?
How many mercenaries would it have been necessary to use in order to win the war in Iraq?
How many meters are in a kilometer?
How many meters are there in a kilometer?
How many mid-term exams do you have?
How many middle-class consumers does Algeria have?
How many miles a day do you drive?
How many miles are there in a kilometer?
How many miles can you walk in an hour?
How many miles did Tom run?
How many miles did you walk yesterday?
How many miles did you walk?
How many miles do you drive a day?
How many miles does your car have?
How many miles is it from Boston to Chicago?
How many miles is it to Boston?
How many miles is it to Cologne?
How many miles is it to the next gas station?
How many miles is it to the next petrol station?
How many military personnel does Algeria have?
How many milligrams are you taking right now?
How many millions were embezzled?
How many minorities live in Russia?
How many minutes ago did that happen?
How many minutes are there in a day?
How many minutes are there in an hour? There are sixty minutes in an hour.
How many minutes away is the railway station by taxi?
How many minutes did it take Tom to do that?
How many minutes did it take to do that?
How many minutes did it take you to do that?
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How many minutes do you get if you change 48 hours into minutes?
How many minutes do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many minutes do you think it'll take to do that?
How many minutes do you think it'll take you to do that?
How many minutes does break last?
How many minutes does breaktime last?
How many minutes does it actually take to do that?
How many minutes does it really take to do that?
How many minutes does it take to do that?
How many minutes does it take to get to the JR station on foot?
How many minutes does it take to get to the station by taxi?
How many minutes does that take to walk from your house to the station?
How many minutes does the interval last?
How many minutes does this take?
How many minutes has Tom been doing that?
How many minutes have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How many minutes have you been doing that?
How many minutes have you been waiting?
How many minutes is break?
How many minutes shall I boil this frozen asparagus?
How many minutes will it take Tom to do that?
How many minutes will it take to do that?
How many minutes will it take us to do that?
How many minutes will it take you to do that?
How many minutes will this take?
How many misfortunes these poor children have suffered!
How many missiles can this aircraft carry?
How many mistakes did I make?
How many mistakes did Tom and Mary make?
How many mistakes did Tom make?
How many mistakes did you find in the report?
How many mistakes have you found so far?
How many mobile phones do you have?
How many moles of boron are there in this solution?
How many moles of the compound are in this mixture?
How many moles of the compound are in this solution?
How many moles of the compound does this mixture contain?
How many moles of the compound does this solution contain?
How many monkeys did you see?
How many months ago did that happen?
How many months ago did you do that?
How many months along are you in your pregnancy?
How many months are there in a year?
How many months can you stay here?
How many months did Tom do that?
How many months did it take Tom to do that?
How many months did it take to do that?
How many months did it take you to do that?
How many months did you spend doing that?
How many months did you stay in Australia?
How many months did you stay in Boston?
How many months do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How many months do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How many months do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How many months do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
How many months do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
How many months do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
How many months do you think Tom has spent doing that?
How many months do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many months do you think it'll take to do that?
How many months do you think it'll take you to do that?
How many months does it actually take to do that?
How many months does it really take to do that?
How many months does it take to do that?
How many months has Tom already spent doing that?
How many months has Tom been doing that?
How many months has Tom been living here?
How many months has Tom spent doing that?
How many months has it been since you've done that?
How many months have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
How many months have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How many months have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
How many months have you already spent doing that?
How many months have you been doing that?
How many months have you been pregnant?
How many months have you spent doing that?
How many months is a year old?
How many months pregnant are you?
How many months were you in Australia?
How many months were you in Boston?
How many months will it take Tom to do that?
How many months will it take to do that?
How many months will it take to finish building this bridge?
How many months will it take us to do that?
How many months will it take you to do that?
How many moons does Jupiter have?
How many moons does Mars have?
How many moons does Neptune have?
How many moons does Saturn have?
How many moons does Uranus have?
How many more Christmases must we go hungry?
How many more apples do we have left?
How many more are there?
How many more bricks will we need?
How many more classes do you have today?
How many more days are there until Christmas?
How many more days are you planning on staying?
How many more days are you planning to stay?
How many more days do you plan to stay here?
How many more days do you think Tom will be in Boston?
How many more days do you think Tom will do that?
How many more days do you think Tom will have to do that?
How many more days do you think Tom will need stay in the hospital?
How many more days do you think Tom will need to do that?
How many more days do you think Tom will want to do that?
How many more days do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many more days do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more days do you think it'll take to finish this project?
How many more days will it take Tom to do that?
How many more days will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more days will it take to finish doing that?
How many more days will you be here?
How many more days will you be in Boston?
How many more eggs do you need?
How many more exams do you have?
How many more exams have you got?
How many more forks do we need?
How many more forks do you need?
How many more hours do we need?
How many more hours do you plan to study today?
How many more hours do you think Tom will be willing to help us?
How many more hours do you think Tom will do that?
How many more hours do you think Tom will have to do that?
How many more hours do you think Tom will need to do that?
How many more hours do you think Tom will want to do that?
How many more hours do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many more hours do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more hours do you think this is going to take?
How many more hours do you think this will take?
How many more hours will it be until the party begins?
How many more hours will it take Tom to do that?
How many more hours will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more hours will it take to finish doing that?
How many more hours will this take?
How many more hours will you be here?
How many more iterations are we going to need?
How many more lies are you going to tell?
How many more months do you think Tom will do that?
How many more months do you think Tom will have to do that?
How many more months do you think Tom will need to do that?
How many more months do you think Tom will want to do that?
How many more months do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many more months do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more months will Tom stay in Australia?
How many more months will Tom stay in Boston?
How many more months will it take Tom to do that?
How many more months will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more months will it take to finish doing that?
How many more must I count?
How many more of these do we need?
How many more of these do you have?
How many more of you are there?
How many more pages do you have left to read?
How many more pencils should I buy?
How many more people are you expecting?
How many more people do we need to hire?
How many more people do you expect?
How many more people do you plan to hire?
How many more people do you want to hire?
How many more questions am I going to have to answer?
How many more sandwiches should I make?
How many more spoons do you need?
How many more stops?
How many more times am I going to have to tell you to do this?
How many more times are you going to ask?
How many more times do I have to tell you?
How many more times do you plan to do that?
How many more times have I got to tell you?
How many more times will we have to do this?
How many more times will we need to do that?
How many more volunteers do we need?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will do that?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will have to do that?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will help us for free?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will need to do that?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will want to do that?
How many more weeks do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many more weeks do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more weeks will it take Tom to do that?
How many more weeks will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more weeks will it take to finish doing that?
How many more will we need to finish it completely?
How many more years do you plan to live here?
How many more years do you plan to work before you retire?
How many more years do you plan to work here?
How many more years do you plan to work?
How many more years do you think Tom will do that?
How many more years do you think Tom will have to do that?
How many more years do you think Tom will need to do that?
How many more years do you think Tom will want to do that?
How many more years do you think it'll take Tom graduate from college?
How many more years do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many more years do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more years do you think it'll take you to finish doing that?
How many more years do you think it'll you take to finish doing that?
How many more years do you think you'll do that?
How many more years do you think you'll have to do that?
How many more years do you think you'll need to do that?
How many more years do you think you'll want to do that?
How many more years will Yanni drive this truck?
How many more years will it take Tom to do that?
How many more years will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more years will it take to finish doing that?
How many more years will it take you to do that?
How many more years will it take you to finish doing that?
How many more years will we have to do that?
How many more years will we need to do that?
How many more years will you drive this car?
How many mosques are there in Bejaia?
How many mosques are there in Istanbul?
How many motorcycles do you own?
How many movies did you watch last month?
How many movies did you watch last week?
How many movies did you watch last weekend?
How many movies have you made?
How many movies have you seen so far this year?
How many movies to you watch in a month?
How many muffins do you sell a day?
How many museums are there in Australia?
How many museums are there in Oslo?
How many museums are there in the city?
How many museums did you visit?
How many museums do you think there are in Boston?
How many museums have you visited?
How many mushrooms do you want?
How many mushrooms do you want? A fertile terrain can grow an abundance of them.
How many names are on the list?
How many names were on the list?
How many national parks are there in Algeria?
How many national parks are there in Kenya?
How many necklaces do you have?
How many nephews and nieces do you have?
How many nephews do you have, if I may ask?
How many neurons are there in this human brain?
How many new jobs does Algeria need to create annually?
How many new sites were uncovered?
How many new words did you learn?
How many newspapers do you have on the table?
How many nights do you intend to stay here for?
How many nights do you plan to stay here?
How many nights will you be staying?
How many nights will you stay?
How many nights would you like the room for?
How many novels did you read last month?
How many novels did you read last year?
How many novels have you read in French?
How many nuclear bombs does the United Kingdom have?
How many oceans are on our planet?
How many oceans are there in the world?
How many oceans are there?
How many of Mary's paintings have you sold for her?
How many of Shakespeare's tragedies have you read?
How many of Shakespeare’s tragedies have you read?
How many of Tom's paintings have you sold for him?
How many of each animal did Moses take on the ark?
How many of the children were crying?
How many of the flats in this block are rented?
How many of the flats in this building are rented?
How many of the following problems can you solve in ten minutes?
How many of the people here are Canadians?
How many of the people here are teachers?
How many of the people on this list do you know?
How many of the trees on your property are fruit trees?
How many of the words on that list didn't you know?
How many of the words on this list didn't you know?
How many of the words on this list do you know?
How many of the words on this list do you not know?
How many of the words on this list don't you know?
How many of them are Canadians?
How many of them are there?
How many of them died?
How many of them do you want?
How many of them have rifles?
How many of them sing well?
How many of them survived is not known.
How many of them were there?
How many of them would you like?
How many of these are Tom's and yours?
How many of these are Tom's?
How many of these are yours?
How many of these books have you already read?
How many of these did you buy?
How many of these do we need?
How many of these do you need?
How many of these do you plan on buying?
How many of these do you plan to buy?
How many of these do you think we need?
How many of these do you want to buy?
How many of these do you want to keep?
How many of these do you want?
How many of these have you sold today?
How many of these languages can you identify?
How many of these pills did you take?
How many of these road signs do you know?
How many of these should I take?
How many of these things have you made?
How many of these works have you already read?
How many of those did you buy?
How many of those do we need?
How many of those do you need?
How many of those exist?
How many of us are going to be there?
How many of us are there?
How many of us get the chance to do that?
How many of us get the chance?
How many of us have actually done that?
How many of us were there?
How many of us will be there?
How many of us will there be?
How many of you agree with me?
How many of you agree?
How many of you are afraid of spiders?
How many of you are alone tonight?
How many of you are going?
How many of you are interested in Berber?
How many of you are interested in the Berber language?
How many of you are there at the base?
How many of you are there in your family?
How many of you are there now?
How many of you are there?
How many of you can speak Berber?
How many of you can speak French?
How many of you did Tom borrow money from?
How many of you don't have an umbrella?
How many of you drink coffee every day?
How many of you know Tom?
How many of you live here?
How many of you plan to be here again tomorrow?
How many of you share the same opinion?
How many of you want to study French?
How many of you went to college?
How many of you were there?
How many of you will there be?
How many of your courses are in French?
How many of your cousins live in Australia?
How many of your cousins live in Boston?
How many of your first cousins are girls?
How many of your friends can speak French?
How many of your friends got deported?
How many of your friends have beards?
How many of your high school teacher's names can you remember?
How many of your pupils are here?
How many of your second cousins are girls?
How many of your students are Canadians?
How many of your students are boys?
How many of your students are girls?
How many of your students are here?
How many of your students passed the test?
How many offers did you get?
How many offices do you have?
How many official dumps does Algiers have?
How many official languages does Switzerland have?
How many omnivorous children are patients in hospital?
How many one-word Hungarian sentences are there in the corpus?
How many onion starts did you plant this year?
How many onions did you put in the stew?
How many onions?
How many operas, in all, did Verdi compose?
How many operations has Dr. Jackson performed this month?
How many oranges did Tom eat?
How many oranges did you buy?
How many orgasms are possible during sexual activity?
How many orgasms can you have during a sexual encounter?
How many original sentences could you create for Tatoeba in an hour?
How many oscars did this film win?
How many other cars does Tom own?
How many other exams do you have?
How many other exams have you got?
How many other girls have you said that to?
How many other guys named Tom do you know?
How many other houses does Tom own?
How many other people are there?
How many other people know about this?
How many others Matthew did that to as well?
How many otters did you see today?
How many ounces are in a cup?
How many ounces are there in a cup?
How many out of those large armies were going to see their country again?
How many outfits do you have in total?
How many overseas workers does Algeria have?
How many packets of cigarettes do you smoke a day?
How many packets of cigarettes does he smoke a day?
How many packets of crisps did you buy?
How many packs does he smoke per day?
How many packs of cigarettes do you smoke a day?
How many packs of cigarettes do you smoke daily?
How many packs of cigarettes does he smoke a day?
How many pages are there in the book?
How many pages are there in this book?
How many pages did you read last night?
How many pages did you translate today?
How many pages does this book have?
How many pages does this novel have?
How many pages have you read since yesterday?
How many pages have you written so far?
How many pages is this book?
How many paintbrushes should I buy?
How many paintings did he make?
How many paintings did you sell?
How many paintings do you have?
How many pairs of boots do you have?
How many pairs of gloves do you have?
How many pairs of pliers do you have?
How many pairs of sandals do you make per month?
How many pairs of shoes do you have?
How many pairs of shoes do you need?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
How many pairs of shoes does Tom have?
How many pairs of shoes have you got?
How many pairs of skis do you have?
How many pairs of socks did you buy?
How many pairs of socks did you pack?
How many pairs of socks do you have?
How many pairs of socks have you got?
How many pairs of sunglasses do you have?
How many pairs of white socks do you have?
How many palm trees are there in this oasis?
How many pancakes did you eat?
How many pandas are there in this zoo?
How many papers do you take?
How many paragraphs are there in this text?
How many paragraphs does the essay need to be?
How many parking places are there in this garage?
How many parking spots are available?
How many participants are expected for this year's book fair?
How many parties did you go to last year?
How many passengers are in the car?
How many passengers are on board the ship?
How many passengers are on board?
How many passengers are on this plane?
How many passengers are on this ship?
How many passengers are there in the car?
How many passengers are there?
How many passengers can this plane hold?
How many passengers do you have on board?
How many passengers were injured?
How many passengers were on board the ship that sank?
How many passengers were on board?
How many passengers were on the bus that crashed?
How many passengers were on the bus?
How many passengers were on the plane?
How many passengers were rescued?
How many passengers?
How many pastries should I bring?
How many patients are in the waiting room?
How many patients are there at this hospital?
How many patients did Dr. Jackson see today?
How many patients did Dr. Jackson treat today?
How many patients did you see today?
How many patients do we have on life support?
How many patients do you see in a week?
How many patients does Dr. Jackson usually see a day?
How many patients does this doctor have?
How many patients were in the waiting room?
How many patrol cars did you see?
How many patrol cars do you see?
How many payments will it take to pay off this loan?
How many peaches are there?
How many pencils did you buy?
How many pencils do you have?
How many pennies does it take to make one pound?
How many pens are on the desk?
How many pens are on your desk?
How many pens are there on the desk?
How many pens did you buy?
How many pens do you have?
How many pens do you need?
How many pens do you want?
How many pens does she have?
How many pens have you got?
How many people a year commit suicide by cop?
How many people applied for that job?
How many people are at this party?
How many people are at your party?
How many people are capable of swimming in the frozen waters of the river?
How many people are coming to dinner?
How many people are currently here?
How many people are currently on your staff?
How many people are currently working for you?
How many people are down there?
How many people are expected to enter the middle-income class in Algeria?
How many people are going for the trip?
How many people are going to Australia with you?
How many people are going to Boston with you?
How many people are here today?
How many people are here?
How many people are in Tom's family?
How many people are in gaol in this country?
How many people are in gaol?
How many people are in jail?
How many people are in space right now?
How many people are in the audience?
How many people are in the house?
How many people are in the lounge?
How many people are in the pool right now?
How many people are in the store?
How many people are in the waiting room?
How many people are in there?
How many people are in this room?
How many people are in your French class?
How many people are in your crew?
How many people are in your family?
How many people are in your group?
How many people are in your household?
How many people are in your party?
How many people are in your school?
How many people are in your team?
How many people are infected?
How many people are involved?
How many people are killed by sharks each year?
How many people are left?
How many people are likely to be at your party?
How many people are likely to show up?
How many people are now living in poverty?
How many people are on board the ship?
How many people are on board?
How many people are on the bus?
How many people are on the list now?
How many people are on your staff?
How many people are on your team?
How many people are out there?
How many people are reading the newspaper?
How many people are still down there?
How many people are still here?
How many people are still there?
How many people are still waiting outside?
How many people are studying Portuguese?
How many people are there in Europe?
How many people are there in his family?
How many people are there in our class?
How many people are there in the picture?
How many people are there in the rocket?
How many people are there in the shop?
How many people are there in the store?
How many people are there in this household?
How many people are there in this office?
How many people are there in this room?
How many people are there in your family?
How many people are there now?
How many people are there on the payroll?
How many people are there?
How many people are using Tatoeba right now?
How many people are waiting in the lobby?
How many people are working in Algeria?
How many people are you expecting at your party?
How many people are you expecting to be at the picnic?
How many people are you expecting to come?
How many people are you expecting?
How many people are you going to invite to your wedding?
How many people are you going to invite?
How many people are you planning on calling?
How many people are you planning on inviting?
How many people are you planning on visiting?
How many people are you planning to hire?
How many people attended Tom's funeral?
How many people attended the meeting?
How many people came into the shop today?
How many people came to the party?
How many people came to the zoo yesterday?
How many people came to your concert?
How many people came to your party?
How many people came?
How many people can do that?
How many people can fit in this room?
How many people can fit in your car?
How many people can say that?
How many people can you feed on an adult cow?
How many people can you see?
How many people contribute to Tatoeba?
How many people could live on Mars?
How many people did Mao murder?
How many people did Tom kill?
How many people did Tom rob?
How many people did freeze to death at that time?
How many people did it take to move the piano?
How many people did they say came here yesterday?
How many people did we leave behind?
How many people did you ask to help?
How many people did you buy Christmas presents for this year?
How many people did you give Christmas gifts to?
How many people did you give Christmas presents to?
How many people did you go to Boston with?
How many people did you invite to your party?
How many people did you invite to your wedding?
How many people did you invite?
How many people did you kill?
How many people did you manage to save?
How many people did you say came to the party?
How many people did you say there were?
How many people did you say were there?
How many people did you see in the park?
How many people did you see there?
How many people did you see waiting at the bus stop?
How many people did you see?
How many people did you send invitations to?
How many people did you talk to at the party?
How many people did you talk to yesterday?
How many people did you tell?
How many people did you think would be there?
How many people die every day?
How many people die from automobile accidents each year?
How many people died in that accident?
How many people died in the earthquake?
How many people died in the explosion?
How many people died trying to cross the Berlin Wall?
How many people died yesterday?
How many people died?
How many people do we need to hire?
How many people do you expect to be at your party?
How many people do you have in your family?
How many people do you have working for you?
How many people do you have working here?
How many people do you know here in Boston?
How many people do you know here?
How many people do you know in Australia?
How many people do you know in Boston?
How many people do you know named Tom?
How many people do you know that can speak French?
How many people do you know that don't have health insurance?
How many people do you know well?
How many people do you know who actually spend time with their children?
How many people do you know who are named Tom?
How many people do you know who can do that?
How many people do you know who can do this?
How many people do you know who can speak French?
How many people do you know who don't have health insurance?
How many people do you know with disabilities?
How many people do you need for a rugby game?
How many people do you plan to invite?
How many people do you see?
How many people do you think are here?
How many people do you think are in the audience?
How many people do you think are studying French here in Australia?
How many people do you think die from cancer every year?
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
How many people do you think live in Australia?
How many people do you think live in Thailand?
How many people do you think there'll be?
How many people do you think we should invite to our party?
How many people do you think will be at the concert tonight?
How many people do you think will be at today's meeting?
How many people do you think will be at tonight's concert?
How many people do you think will be there?
How many people do you think will be watching?
How many people do you think will come to the class reunion?
How many people do you think will come?
How many people do you think will turn up?
How many people do you think would be able to do that?
How many people do you work with?
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many people does the tourism sector employ in Algeria?
How many people does this ship's crew consist of?
How many people does this ship’s crew consist of?
How many people gave you Christmas presents this year?
How many people got injured?
How many people got killed?
How many people got on at the last bus stop?
How many people has greed killed?
How many people have I insulted so far?
How many people have a key to this building?
How many people have a key to this room?
How many people have a key to your apartment?
How many people have applied for that job?
How many people have been in today?
How many people have been invited?
How many people have climbed Mount Everest?
How many people have died because of greed?
How many people have died climbing Mount Everest?
How many people have died in space?
How many people have died on Mount Everest?
How many people have died?
How many people have killed themselves because of bullying?
How many people have you dated?
How many people have you had sex with in the last year?
How many people have you invited to your party?
How many people have you invited to your wedding?
How many people have you killed?
How many people have you murdered?
How many people have you saved?
How many people have you sent invitations to?
How many people have you slept with?
How many people have you spoken with about this?
How many people have you talked to about this?
How many people have you talked to?
How many people have you told what really happened?
How many people have you told?
How many people have your name?
How many people here do you know?
How many people here learn Esperanto?
How many people in the world speak Portuguese?
How many people in this room do you think know Tom's last name?
How many people in your party?
How many people is a club member allowed to invite?
How many people knew that Tom was going to be there?
How many people know about this?
How many people know about us?
How many people know that you're alive?
How many people know where they live?
How many people know you're alive?
How many people live here?
How many people live in Algiers?
How many people live in Antarctica?
How many people live in Austin, Texas?
How many people live in Australia?
How many people live in France?
How many people live in that house?
How many people live in this house?
How many people live in this town?
How many people live in your apartment building?
How many people live in your city?
How many people live in your house?
How many people live in your town?
How many people live on this island?
How many people make up your family?
How many people managed to get out of the burning building?
How many people named Tom do you know?
How many people of Algerian origin live abroad?
How many people of Algerian origin live in France?
How many people read anything anymore?
How many people read this newspaper?
How many people speak your language?
How many people still speak French?
How many people still speak your language?
How many people survived isn't known.
How many people survived?
How many people use these?
How many people visit Algeria for tourism?
How many people want to go swimming with us?
How many people wanted to study and couldn't!
How many people watched the match?
How many people went hiking with you?
How many people were aboard that ship?
How many people were at the party?
How many people were at your concert?
How many people were at your party?
How many people were at your wedding?
How many people were chosen to do that?
How many people were in attendance?
How many people were in the cinema?
How many people were injured?
How many people were invited?
How many people were involved?
How many people were killed in the accident?
How many people were killed in the store?
How many people were killed?
How many people were on that boat?
How many people were on that ship?
How many people were on the bus with you?
How many people were on the bus?
How many people were present at the meeting?
How many people were sitting at the table next to yours?
How many people were sitting?
How many people were standing?
How many people were there in the cinema?
How many people were there?
How many people were you planning to bring?
How many people who laugh, perhaps, exist, whose only happiness is appearing fortunate to others!
How many people will be coming?
How many people will be going?
How many people will be in Rio de Janeiro in August during the Olympic games?
How many people will be living on Earth in one century?
How many people will be there?
How many people will come to your party?
How many people will come?
How many people will you help?
How many people will you invite to your party?
How many people will you invite?
How many people work at this meat-packing plant?
How many people work for you?
How many people work here?
How many people work there?
How many people would have done that?
How many people would it take to get the job done by tomorrow?
How many people would've done that?
How many people?
How many permanent dwellers does Algiers have?
How many persons does this hall hold?
How many pets do you have?
How many phone numbers does Mary have?
How many phone numbers has she got?
How many phones does she have?
How many phones does she own?
How many photographs do you need to apply for a visa?
How many photos are in this album?
How many pianos does Tom have?
How many pictures are there in this album?
How many pictures are you planning on taking?
How many pictures are you planning to take?
How many pictures did Tom take?
How many pictures did you buy?
How many pictures did you paint last year?
How many pictures did you take on your trip?
How many pictures did you take?
How many pictures do you need?
How many pictures do you plan on taking?
How many pictures do you plan to take?
How many pictures does Tom plan on taking?
How many pictures does Tom plan to take?
How many pictures has Tom taken?
How many pictures have you taken so far today?
How many pictures have you taken so far?
How many pictures of the sunset can I take?
How many pictures will Tom take?
How many pictures will you need?
How many pieces did Mozart write?
How many pieces does this puzzle have?
How many pieces of baggage do you have?
How many pieces of cake did Tom eat?
How many pieces of cake did you eat?
How many pieces of carry-on are you going to take?
How many pieces of gum can you chew at a time?
How many pieces of information did he get?
How many pieces of luggage will you be checking?
How many pieces of paper did you give Tom?
How many pieces of paper did you give to Tom?
How many pieces of toast did you eat?
How many pies did you bake?
How many pigs do you have?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
How many pillows do you use when sleeping?
How many pills did you take?
How many pills do you have left?
How many pipes does this organ have?
How many pizzas did you order?
How many pizzas do we have left?
How many planes can an aircraft carrier hold?
How many planets are discovered every year?
How many planets are there in our Solar System?
How many planets are there in our solar system?
How many planets are there in the Solar System?
How many planets are there in the solar system?
How many planets are there?
How many planets have life in our galaxy?
How many planets orbit the sun?
How many plants did you buy?
How many plates and cups are there?
How many plates do we have?
How many plates do we need?
How many plates do you want?
How many players are there in a football team?
How many players are there in a soccer team?
How many players are there?
How many plays have you staged?
How many plumbers do you know?
How many plums are there?
How many pockets does that jacket have?
How many poems do you know by heart?
How many poems have you had published?
How many poems have you written?
How many points did Tom score?
How many points did you get on today's test?
How many points did you get?
How many points did you score?
How many points do you have?
How many points have you scored?
How many points is a try worth?
How many police cars did you see?
How many political parties are there in Hell?
How many politicians do you know personally?
How many politicians do you personally know?
How many politicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many polling stations will there be across the country?
How many pork chops did you buy?
How many portraits have you painted?
How many post offices do you think there are in Boston?
How many postcodes are there altogether?
How many postcodes are there in total?
How many potatoes do we have left?
How many pounds are there in a kilogram?
How many pounds did Tom lose last summer?
How many pounds did Tom lose?
How many pounds did you actually lose?
How many pounds did you lose last month?
How many pounds did you lose?
How many pounds do you think I need to lose?
How many pounds do you think I should lose?
How many pounds do you want to lose?
How many pounds do you weigh?
How many pounds does that weigh?
How many pounds has Tom lost so far?
How many pounds has Tom lost?
How many pounds have you gained?
How many pounds have you lost so far?
How many pounds have you lost?
How many pounds is a stone?
How many pounds of flour did you buy?
How many pounds of sausage do you want, and how much bread?
How many power stations does Algeria have?
How many prefectures are there in Japan?
How many prefectures does Japan have?
How many presents did the young couple receive?
How many presents did you get?
How many presents do the newlyweds get?
How many presents do the young couple receive?
How many presidents have the United States had?
How many presidents were assassinated in the United States?
How many primordial black holes are there in the universe?
How many prisoners escaped?
How many private channels are there in Greece?
How many prizes did Tom win?
How many problems could Tom possibly have?
How many problems do you have?
How many professional bassoonists do you think there are in Australia?
How many professional musicians do you think there are in Boston?
How many professors are there at the University of Turku?
How many projects have you and Tom worked on together?
How many proverbs have we learned so far?
How many provinces does Canada have?
How many pull-ups can you do?
How many pull-ups do you do?
How many pull-ups do you usually do?
How many pupils are on the list?
How many pupils are there at your school?
How many pupils are there in total?
How many pupils are there in your class?
How many pupils are there in your school?
How many pupils do you teach?
How many purple flowers are there?
How many push-ups can you do?
How many push-ups did you do?
How many push-ups do you do every day?
How many push-ups do you usually do?
How many questions are there?
How many questions can you answer?
How many questions did you answer?
How many questions did you ask Tom?
How many questions did you get from the audience?
How many questions do you have?
How many questions were on the test?
How many questions were there on the test?
How many questions were you able to answer?
How many rabbits did you catch?
How many rabbits do you have?
How many races have you won?
How many rackets do you have?
How many rams are there in the flock?
How many red flowers are there?
How many referees are there in a soccer game?
How many relationships have you had since Tom?
How many rental cars do you want?
How many republics were there in the Soviet Union?
How many residents are in this town?
How many residents are there in your city?
How many residents live within this city?
How many rich people do you know?
How many rings do you have?
How many rings do you own?
How many rings do you usually wear?
How many rivers are there in Colorado?
How many rivers in Australia can you name?
How many rivers run through Texas?
How many rocks can you see at Ryoanji?
How many rolls did Tom make?
How many rolls did you eat?
How many rooms are on the second floor?
How many rooms are there in the house?
How many rooms are there in this apartment?
How many rooms are there in this hotel?
How many rooms are there in this house?
How many rooms are there in your house?
How many rooms are there on the first floor?
How many rooms are there on the second floor of your house?
How many rooms do you have in your house?
How many rooms do you have?
How many rooms does Tom have in his apartment?
How many rooms does Tom have in his house?
How many rooms does she have in her apartment?
How many rooms does their apartment have?
How many rooms does this house have?
How many rooms does your apartment have?
How many rooms does your flat have?
How many rooms does your house have?
How many rooms does your new apartment have?
How many rooms does your new house have?
How many rooms has the house got?
How many rooms has this house got?
How many rooms has your flat got?
How many rungs does the ladder have?
How many sacks do you have?
How many sacks have you got?
How many sacrificial lambs do we need to bring the rain back?
How many sailors could you see?
How many sailors did you see?
How many sailors were aboard the ship that sunk?
How many samples, for example?
How many samples?
How many sandwiches are left?
How many sandwiches are there left?
How many sandwiches did Mary take to school with her?
How many sandwiches did Tom and Mary make?
How many sandwiches did Tom and Mary take to school with them?
How many sandwiches did Tom eat?
How many sandwiches did Tom make for Mary?
How many sandwiches did Tom make?
How many sandwiches did Tom take to school with him?
How many sandwiches did you bring?
How many sandwiches did you eat last week?
How many sandwiches did you eat?
How many sandwiches do you think you ate last month?
How many sandwiches do you want?
How many sandwiches have you brought?
How many sandwiches should I make?
How many sandwiches were left?
How many sanitary towels do you need every day?
How many satellites does Algeria have?
How many satellites does Algeria operate?
How many satellites have been put into orbit round the earth?
How many scarves do you have?
How many schools are there in this village?
How many schools are there in your city?
How many schools have you gone to?
How many science books have you read up to now?
How many scientists work in this organization?
How many scissors are left in the kit?
How many scoops of ice cream do you want?
How many scoops of ice cream would you like?
How many search warrants have been issued?
How many seasons are there in a year?
How many seasons does this show have?
How many seats are there in this room?
How many seats are there on this plane?
How many secondary schools are there in Bialystok?
How many seconds did it take Tom to do that?
How many seconds did it take to do that?
How many seconds did it take you to do that?
How many seconds did you count between the lightning and the thunder?
How many seconds does an hour have?
How many seconds does it actually take to do that?
How many seconds does it really take to do that?
How many seconds does it take to do that?
How many secrets can you keep?
How many sections are there in Algiers?
How many security guards were there?
How many selfies did you take last week?
How many semesters of French have you had?
How many sentences am I allowed to write?
How many sentences can I add in 16 minutes, I wonder... Let's try and see!
How many sentences can I add in 16 minutes, I wonder... Let’s try and see!
How many sentences can you translate per day?
How many sentences did you add today?
How many sentences did you translate on Tatoeba?
How many sentences do I have to write?
How many sentences do I need to translate before I become fluent?
How many sentences do you think this book has?
How many sentences does this book have?
How many sentences have you added?
How many sentences have you translated today?
How many sentences have you written today?
How many serious boyfriends have you had?
How many serious girlfriends have you had?
How many servants do you have?
How many sheep are there in this flock?
How many sheep do you have?
How many sheep does Tom have?
How many sheep does Ziri have?
How many shelves does the fridge have?
How many shoes are there?
How many shoes do you have?
How many shopping bags do you have?
How many shots did you fire?
How many shots did you hear?
How many shots were fired?
How many siblings do you have?
How many siblings does he have?
How many siblings does she have?
How many sides does a hexagon have?
How many sides does a square have?
How many sides does a triangle have?
How many sides does a yellow triangle have?
How many silver foxes do you have?
How many sing well?
How many singers participated in the contest?
How many singers will participate in the concert?
How many single men do you know?
How many single women do you know?
How many singles bars have you been to?
How many sisters and brothers do you have?
How many sisters do they have?
How many sisters do you have, and how many brothers?
How many sisters do you have?
How many sisters do you have? How many brothers do you have?
How many sisters do you have? How many brothers?
How many sisters does Tom have?
How many sisters does he have?
How many sisters does she have?
How many sisters-in-law do you have?
How many sit-ups should I do a day?
How many slaves are there in your family?
How many slaves were taken from Africa to America?
How many slices of bacon?
How many slices of ham do you want?
How many slices of meat would you like?
How many slices of pizza did Tom eat?
How many slices of pizza did you eat?
How many slices of pizza did you have?
How many slices of toast do you want?
How many smoke bombs still have to be thrown until the government actually succeeds in covering up the scandal?
How many soccer stadiums are there in this country?
How many sodas did you have?
How many soldiers did you see?
How many soldiers died in World War Two?
How many soldiers fought?
How many soldiers from those great armies saw their land again?
How many songs are you planning to sing tonight?
How many songs did Tom and Mary sing together?
How many songs did you and Tom sing together?
How many songs do you know?
How many songs has Mariah Carey written to date?
How many songs has Tom written with Mary?
How many songs has Tom written?
How many songs have Tom and Mary written together?
How many songs have Tom and Mary written with John?
How many songs have Tom and Mary written?
How many songs have you written?
How many sons and how many daughters?
How many sons do Tom and Mary have?
How many sons do you have?
How many sons do you want to have?
How many sons does Tom have?
How many sons-in-law do Tom and Mary have?
How many spare keys do you have for your car?
How many spears do you need?
How many specimens can the public see at the Smithsonian Institution?
How many spectators were there at the stadium?
How many sperm does a man produce? Twelve million of them in an hour.
How many spoonfuls of sugar do you usually put in your tea?
How many spoons are missing?
How many spoons do we need?
How many spoons do you need?
How many square feet is this house?
How many squares can you see?
How many squats can you do?
How many stacked pennies would equal the height of the Empire State Building?
How many staff members filed to change departments?
How many stamps do you have in your collection?
How many stamps do you have?
How many stamps do you need?
How many stars and planets are there in the universe?
How many stars are there in our galaxy?
How many stars are there in the sky?
How many stars are there?
How many stars are visible with the naked eye from earth?
How many stars does he have?
How many stars?
How many startups does Algeria produce each year?
How many states are there in her country?
How many states are there in his country?
How many states are there in your country?
How many states does India have?
How many states does Mexico have?
How many states does her country have?
How many states does his country have?
How many states have you visited?
How many stations does this underground line have?
How many stations has this tube line got?
How many statues are there in this temple?
How many steps did you think there would be?
How many steps does this staircase have?
How many stepsisters did Cinderella have?
How many sticks does it take to make a raft?
How many stitches did you get?
How many stops are there to your house?
How many stops from here?
How many stops is it from here?
How many stores are within walking distance of your home?
How many stores did you go to today?
How many stories does his house have?
How many strings do most harps have?
How many strokes does the kanji for "michi" have?
How many students are here?
How many students are in the classroom?
How many students are in the school?
How many students are in this school?
How many students are in your class?
How many students are on the list?
How many students are there at this school?
How many students are there at your school?
How many students are there in the school?
How many students are there in this school?
How many students are there in total?
How many students are there in your class?
How many students are there in your school?
How many students are there in your university?
How many students came?
How many students did you have in class today?
How many students did you say there were?
How many students didn't show up for class?
How many students do you have in your class?
How many students do you have?
How many students does Mark have?
How many students go to your school?
How many students have been admitted to the school this year?
How many students have you?
How many students in your class are taller than you?
How many students in your class can swim?
How many students live on campus?
How many students study here?
How many students were affected?
How many students were late this morning?
How many submarines does Algeria have?
How many submarines does the Algerian navy have?
How many subscribers does this magazine have?
How many sugars do you want in your tea?
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
How many suicides will this quarantine be responsible for?
How many suitcases are you taking on your trip?
How many suitcases did you take with you?
How many suitcases do you have?
How many suits do you have?
How many surfers did you see?
How many survivors were there?
How many sweets did you eat last week?
How many sweets she eats!
How many syllables are in this word?
How many syllables does this word have?
How many symphonies did Beethoven compose?
How many symphonies did Beethoven write?
How many tables and chairs are there in this classroom?
How many taco shops are there in one square mile here?
How many takoyaki per person?
How many tamales can you eat in one go?
How many taxis are there in New York City?
How many teachers are there at your school?
How many teachers do you know?
How many teachers does this university employ?
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school?
How many teams are there?
How many teams participated in the championship?
How many teams will be relegated to the lower league?
How many teaspoons of salt do I put in?
How many teeth do horses have?
How many teeth do sharks have?
How many teeth does a bear have?
How many teeth does a cow have?
How many teeth does a crocodile have?
How many teeth does a horse have?
How many teeth does a human have?
How many teeth does a pig have?
How many teeth does a shark have?
How many teeth has a bear got?
How many televisions does Tom have?
How many temples and shrines did you visit while you were in Japan?
How many temples are there on this island?
How many tennis balls do you have?
How many tentacles does a squid have?
How many tentacles does an octopus have?
How many tentacles has a squid got?
How many terminals does the airport have?
How many tests are you going to have tomorrow?
How many textbooks did you buy last semester?
How many textbooks did you have to buy this semester?
How many texts are there in this book?
How many theaters are there in Yoshkar-Ola?
How many things are on the list?
How many things are really permanent?
How many things are there?
How many things did Tom steal from you?
How many things did you buy?
How many things, too, are looked upon as quite impossible, until they have been actually effected?
How many thousands who have drained the voluptuous bowl of pleasure to the dregs have been reclaimed by suffering!
How many tickets did you buy?
How many tickets did you get?
How many tickets did you give Tom?
How many tickets did you give to Tom?
How many tickets do you have left?
How many tickets do you need?
How many tickets do you want to reserve?
How many tickets do you want?
How many tickets have you sold so far?
How many tickets will you buy?
How many tickets will you need?
How many ties do you have?
How many ties do you need?
How many tiles do you have?
How many tiles do you need?
How many tiles should we buy?
How many tiles will we need?
How many times a day do Tom and Mary do that?
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
How many times a day do you check your email box?
How many times a day do you check your email?
How many times a day do you check your inbox?
How many times a day do you do that?
How many times a day do you drink water?
How many times a day do you eat?
How many times a day do you feed your dog?
How many times a day do you have diarrhea?
How many times a day do you kiss Tom?
How many times a day do you look at your reflection in the mirror?
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
How many times a day do you take a shower?
How many times a day do you wash your hands?
How many times a day does Tom do that?
How many times a day does Tom kiss Mary?
How many times a day does that bus run?
How many times a day does the bus run?
How many times a day should I feed my dog?
How many times a day should I take medicines?
How many times a day should I take the medicine?
How many times a day should you feed a dog?
How many times a minute does the average person blink?
How many times a month do Tom and Mary do that?
How many times a month do you come here?
How many times a month do you do that?
How many times a month do you eat out?
How many times a month do you go dancing?
How many times a month do you go to the mall?
How many times a month do you go to the movies?
How many times a month do you visit your grandparents?
How many times a month do you wash your car?
How many times a month do you write a letter to your mother?
How many times a month do you write home?
How many times a month do you write letters?
How many times a month do you write your mother?
How many times a month does Tom come here?
How many times a month does Tom do that?
How many times a night do Tom and Mary do that?
How many times a night do you do that?
How many times a night does Tom do that?
How many times a week do Tom and Mary come here.
How many times a week do Tom and Mary do that?
How many times a week do Tom and Mary have to do that?
How many times a week do they collect garbage in this town?
How many times a week do you bath?
How many times a week do you blog?
How many times a week do you come here?
How many times a week do you do fun things with you children?
How many times a week do you do that?
How many times a week do you do this?
How many times a week do you eat fish?
How many times a week do you eat out?
How many times a week do you eat rice?
How many times a week do you exercise?
How many times a week do you go jogging?
How many times a week do you go shopping at a supermarket?
How many times a week do you go shopping at the shopping centre?
How many times a week do you go shopping?
How many times a week do you go to the movie theater to watch movies?
How many times a week do you have a bath?
How many times a week do you help Tom with his homework?
How many times a week do you kiss Tom?
How many times a week do you play tennis?
How many times a week do you see Tom?
How many times a week do you shop at the shopping centre?
How many times a week do you shower?
How many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children?
How many times a week do you study French?
How many times a week do you swim?
How many times a week do you take a bath?
How many times a week do you take a shower?
How many times a week do you walk to school?
How many times a week do you want to study?
How many times a week does Tom come here?
How many times a week does Tom do that?
How many times a week does Tom have to do that?
How many times a week does Tom help at the homeless shelter?
How many times a week does Tom kiss Mary?
How many times a week does the football team practice?
How many times a week does the football team practise?
How many times a week does the soccer team practice?
How many times a year do Tom and Mary do that?
How many times a year do you do that?
How many times a year do you go scuba diving?
How many times a year do you go skiing?
How many times a year do you go to Australia?
How many times a year do you go to Boston?
How many times a year do you go to the beach?
How many times a year do you go to the dentist?
How many times a year does Tom do that?
How many times am I supposed to give you the benefit of the doubt?
How many times am I supposed to keep telling you that you shouldn't be late?
How many times an hour do Tom and Mary do that?
How many times an hour do the buses here leave?
How many times an hour do you do that?
How many times an hour does Tom do that?
How many times are we going to do this?
How many times are we going to repeat the same thing!
How many times are you going to ask me that question?
How many times are you going to ask me that?
How many times are you going to bring that up?
How many times are you going to do that?
How many times are you going to make me say it? Do you know how many times I've tried to wake you up?
How many times are you going to make me say it? Do you know how many times I’ve tried to wake you up?
How many times are you going to make me say this?
How many times are you going to patch up that ugly coat?
How many times are you planning on doing that?
How many times are you planning to do that?
How many times can I forgive the same mistake?
How many times can Superman go around the world in one minute?
How many times can you rewrite data on a CD-RW?
How many times did I tell you not to do that?!
How many times did Tom and Mary do that?
How many times did Tom call you yesterday?
How many times did Tom call?
How many times did Tom do that?
How many times did Tom kiss Mary?
How many times did Tom tell you to do that?
How many times did Tom win?
How many times did it happen?
How many times did she call?
How many times did that happen?
How many times did you black out?
How many times did you commit a sin, Tom?
How many times did you dance with Tom?
How many times did you do that last week?
How many times did you do that?
How many times did you eat out last month?
How many times did you get married?
How many times did you get shot?
How many times did you go hiking last summer?
How many times did you go skiing last winter?
How many times did you go surfing last summer?
How many times did you go swimming last month?
How many times did you go swimming last summer?
How many times did you go to Australia last year?
How many times did you go to Australia when you were in high school?
How many times did you go to Boston last year?
How many times did you go to Boston when you were in high school?
How many times did you go to church last year?
How many times did you go to the hospital last year?
How many times did you go?
How many times did you have sex to find yourself pregnant?
How many times did you help Tom do that?
How many times did you kiss Tom?
How many times did you kiss her?
How many times did you kiss him?
How many times did you meet him before he asked you out?
How many times did you meet with him?
How many times did you see Tom last week?
How many times did you see Tom last weekend?
How many times did you see the movie?
How many times did you shoot?
How many times did you talk to Tom last week?
How many times did you visit your grandparents last year?
How many times do I have to apologize?
How many times do I have to ask you not to touch my stuff?
How many times do I have to ask you to call me by my first name?
How many times do I have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket?
How many times do I have to explain it to you?
How many times do I have to explain that everywhere goes the other around here.
How many times do I have to explain this to you?
How many times do I have to repeat it, Tom? I want nothing from you!
How many times do I have to repeat that she isn't my friend?
How many times do I have to repeat the same thing?
How many times do I have to say I'm not married?
How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?
How many times do I have to say it?
How many times do I have to say no?
How many times do I have to say that I'm not married?
How many times do I have to say that?
How many times do I have to tell to do your homework?
How many times do I have to tell you not to eat candy before dinner?
How many times do I have to tell you not to eat candy just before dinner?
How many times do I have to tell you that I don't want you here?
How many times do I have to tell you that Tatoeba is not a human being?
How many times do I have to tell you that you reap what you sow?
How many times do I have to tell you this?
How many times do I have to tell you to clean your room?
How many times do I have to tell you to knock before you come in?
How many times do I have to tell you to not smoke in here?
How many times do I have to tell you to put the toilet seat up when you pee?
How many times do I have to tell you to stop asking rhetorical questions?
How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that before you understand?
How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that?
How many times do I have to tell you?
How many times do I have to tell you? You reap what you sow.
How many times do I need to repeat it to you?
How many times do I need to repeat it?
How many times do I need to tell you?
How many times do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
How many times do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
How many times do we have to do this?
How many times do you eat in a day?
How many times do you feed the fish?
How many times do you go to the beach to swim in the summer?
How many times do you go to the dentist in a year?
How many times do you have to do it in order to learn it?
How many times do you have to go to the dentist?
How many times do you laugh in an ordinary day?
How many times do you need to urinate at night?
How many times do you plan on doing that?
How many times do you plan to do that?
How many times do you think I'm going to have to ask Tom to clean his room before he cleans it?
How many times do you think Tom and Mary have done that?
How many times do you think Tom did that?
How many times do you think Tom has done that?
How many times do you think Tom will do that tomorrow?
How many times do you think we're going to have to do this?
How many times do you think you can do this before you get bored?
How many times do you think you've done that?
How many times do you think you've eaten here?
How many times do you think you’ve eaten here?
How many times do you usually listen to a song before you grow tired of it?
How many times do you wash your hands every day?
How many times does Tom plan on doing that?
How many times does Tom plan to do that?
How many times does four go into twelve?
How many times does the bus run each day?
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics?
How many times has Tom been arrested?
How many times has Tom been divorced?
How many times has Tom been here?
How many times has Tom been married?
How many times has Tom been to Australia?
How many times has Tom been to Boston?
How many times has Tom called?
How many times has Tom done it?
How many times has Tom done that before?
How many times has Tom done that by himself?
How many times has Tom done that this month?
How many times has Tom done that this week?
How many times has Tom done that this year?
How many times has Tom done that to you?
How many times has Tom done that today?
How many times has Tom done that with Mary?
How many times has Tom done that with you?
How many times has Tom done that?
How many times has Tom gone camping?
How many times has Tom kissed Mary?
How many times has Tom kissed you?
How many times has it happened since then?
How many times has that happened?
How many times has this happened to you?
How many times has this problem occurred?
How many times have I asked you not to do that?
How many times have I asked you not to take my things without asking?
How many times have I asked you to clean your room?!
How many times have I asked you to not do that?
How many times have I explained to you that your explanation is most unconvincing?
How many times have I heard you say that?
How many times have I reminded you not to go out by yourself after dark?
How many times have I told him not to go with bad people!
How many times have I told you I'm not doing it?
How many times have I told you I'm not going to do that?
How many times have I told you guys to stay out of my room?
How many times have I told you not to bring people over without asking for my permission first?
How many times have I told you not to call me that?
How many times have I told you not to do that?
How many times have I told you not to hang out with guys like Tom?
How many times have I told you not to help Tom?
How many times have I told you not to leave the window open!
How many times have I told you not to mention Tom's name around me?
How many times have I told you not to talk to Tom?
How many times have I told you not to use that word?
How many times have I told you to fold your clothes?
How many times have I told you to stop eating the ice cream?
How many times have I told you?
How many times have I told you?!
How many times have Tom and Mary been arrested?
How many times have Tom and Mary been here?
How many times have Tom and Mary been to Boston?
How many times have Tom and Mary done that to you?
How many times have Tom and Mary done that?
How many times have Tom and Mary gone camping?
How many times have people confessed their love to you?
How many times have you already tried to do that?
How many times have you and Tom gone to Boston together?
How many times have you and Tom kissed?
How many times have you been absent from this class?
How many times have you been absent this semester?
How many times have you been arrested?
How many times have you been burgled?
How many times have you been fired?
How many times have you been here?
How many times have you been ill in the past year?
How many times have you been in love in your life?
How many times have you been in rehab?
How many times have you been married?
How many times have you been there?
How many times have you been to Australia?
How many times have you been to Boston this year?
How many times have you been to Boston?
How many times have you been to Europe?
How many times have you changed jobs?
How many times have you climbed Mt. Fuji?
How many times have you cried this year? For me, five.
How many times have you donated blood?
How many times have you done that before?
How many times have you done that by yourself?
How many times have you done that here?
How many times have you done that so far?
How many times have you done that this month?
How many times have you done that this week?
How many times have you done that this year?
How many times have you done that today?
How many times have you done that with Tom?
How many times have you done that?
How many times have you done this puzzle already?
How many times have you done this so far?
How many times have you done this?
How many times have you eaten more than you know that you should?
How many times have you eaten more than you know you should?
How many times have you fallen for click bait -- those deceptive ads that lure you to click with gossip or untrue information? For example, those ads that imply a famous celebrity has died or suffered a terrible tragedy?
How many times have you fallen for click bait—those deceptive ads that lure you to click with gossip or untrue information?
How many times have you gone bowling?
How many times have you gone camping?
How many times have you gone hiking in the mountains?
How many times have you gone mountain climbing?
How many times have you gone there?
How many times have you gone?
How many times have you heard that from your parents?
How many times have you heard that question?
How many times have you kissed Tom?
How many times have you lied to me?
How many times have you lost your phone?
How many times have you made the trip by boat?
How many times have you met Tom?
How many times have you moved?
How many times have you played golf with Tom?
How many times have you played tennis with Tom?
How many times have you really been in love?
How many times have you seen "Matrix"?
How many times have you seen Tom do that?
How many times have you seen an accident?
How many times have you seen this movie?
How many times have you seen this?
How many times have you swum across this river?
How many times have you told Tom not to do that?
How many times have you traveled by airplane?
How many times have you travelled abroad?
How many times have you tried to fix this?
How many times have you visited Australia?
How many times have you visited us since we moved here?
How many times have your suggestions been ignored?
How many times have your worn this suit?
How many times must I say no?
How many times must I tell you?
How many times per day do a clock’s hands overlap?
How many times per day must I take these pills?
How many times should you practice playing the song before it's good enough to be recorded?
How many times week do you do things with your children?
How many times will I have to do that again?
How many times will I have to repeat this to you?
How many times will I have to say that money doesn't bring happiness?
How many times will Tom do that?
How many times will Tom to do that tomorrow?
How many times will we have to do this?
How many times will we need to do that?
How many times will you do that?
How many times will you have to go to the dentist?
How many times?
How many toes do cats have?
How many toes do dogs have?
How many toes do most cats have?
How many toes does the average cat have?
How many toilets does your building have?
How many tones are there in Vietnamese?
How many tourists came to Algeria in 2004?
How many tourists does Algeria receive each year?
How many tourists visit Algeria each year?
How many tourists visit Algiers every year?
How many tourists visit this temple?
How many towels do you have?
How many towns are basically terrorized by gangs like these?
How many tractors did you sell last week?
How many translations can this sentence get?
How many trays of nougat and sweets should I prepare?
How many trees are in your orchard?
How many trees are in your yard?
How many trees are there in the park?
How many trees are there in this park?
How many trees are there?
How many trees did you cut down yesterday?
How many trips did you make?
How many trips did you take last year?
How many troops does the US need to guarantee victory in Iran?
How many truck drivers do you know?
How many truckers do you know?
How many tubes of toothpaste did you buy?
How many tuna cans should I open for the salad?
How many twenties are there in one thousand seven hundred and forty?
How many types of vegetable do you grow in your garden?
How many umbrellas do you have?
How many uncles and aunts do you have?
How many uncles do you have?
How many unemployed are there in the world?
How many unicorns did you see?
How many users are active at the moment?
How many users are currently online?
How many users support websites like Tatoeba?
How many vacant houses are there on this street?
How many vacation days will I have?
How many vacations do you have a year?
How many varieties of figs are there?
How many vegetables can you name in 30 seconds?
How many vegetables can you name in French?
How many verbs are there in this sentence?
How many vertices and faces does a pentagonal prism have?
How many vertices does a cube have?
How many victims were there?
How many videos do you download per day?
How many viennoiseries should I bring?
How many villages are on this island?
How many visitors does Tatoeba have?
How many volcanoes are there on this island?
How many volumes does the encyclopedia run to?
How many volumes make up the encyclopedia?
How many volunteers did you find?
How many volunteers did you get?
How many volunteers do you have so far?
How many volunteers do you need?
How many votes did I get?
How many vowels does English have? If you said five, you were wrong. Standard British English has twelve, not counting diphthongs.
How many walruses did you catch?
How many wars are going on at this time?
How many watches are left?
How many watches did Tom lose?
How many watches did you have?
How many ways are there to do that?
How many ways can you say 'creative'?
How many ways could you call him an idiot?
How many ways do you know how to do that?
How many ways do you know to do that?
How many ways do you think there are to do that?
How many wealthy individuals does Algeria have?
How many websites do you visit per day?
How many weddings have you attended?
How many weddings have you been to?
How many weeks ago did that happen?
How many weeks ago did you do that?
How many weeks are in a year?
How many weeks are there in a month?
How many weeks are there in a year?
How many weeks did it take Tom to do that?
How many weeks did it take to do that?
How many weeks did it take you to do that?
How many weeks did you spend doing that?
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How many weeks do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
How many weeks do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
How many weeks do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
How many weeks do you think Tom has spent doing that?
How many weeks do you think Tom will be traveling around Australia?
How many weeks do you think Tom will stay in Boston?
How many weeks do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How many weeks do you think it'll take to do that?
How many weeks do you think it'll take you to do that?
How many weeks does it actually take to do that?
How many weeks does it really take to do that?
How many weeks does it take to do that?
How many weeks has Tom already spent doing that?
How many weeks has Tom been doing that?
How many weeks has Tom spent doing that?
How many weeks have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
How many weeks have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How many weeks have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
How many weeks have you already spent doing that?
How many weeks have you been doing that?
How many weeks have you spent doing that?
How many weeks of vacation do you have?
How many weeks were you in Boston?
How many weeks were you in the hospital?
How many weeks will it take Tom to do that?
How many weeks will it take to do that?
How many weeks will it take us to do that?
How many weeks will it take you to do that?
How many weeks would it take to do that?
How many were in the group?
How many were injured?
How many were on the plane?
How many were there altogether?
How many were there?
How many were they?
How many were wounded?
How many were you?
How many wheels does a wheelbarrow have?
How many wheels does this truck have?
How many white Christmases have you had?
How many will you give me?
How many windows are in your bedroom?
How many windows are in your room?
How many windows are there in this class?
How many windows are there in this office?
How many windows are there in your bedroom?
How many windows are there?
How many windows do you have in your room?
How many wishes did the genie promise to fulfill?
How many wives do you have?
How many wives does this Mormon have?
How many wives has Tom had?
How many wives have you had?
How many women are in the car?
How many women do you know that are managers with high levels of responsibility in Italian companies, public or private?
How many women have you kissed?
How many women have you talked to since you got out of prison?
How many women over thirty do you know?
How many women work here?
How many women work in this factory?
How many women work in your office?
How many women would you like to marry?
How many words am I supposed to write?
How many words are there in the English language?
How many words are there in this dictionary?
How many words can you read per minute?
How many words do I need to write?
How many words do you need to learn in order to speak Berber with confidence?
How many words do you think this book has?
How many words does this sentence have?
How many words does your Toki Pona vocabulary have?
How many words should you write?
How many workdays are there this month?
How many worms did you find?
How many would you like?
How many yards are in a mile?
How many yards are there in a mile?
How many years ago did Tom start living here?
How many years ago did that happen?
How many years ago did you buy your car?
How many years ago did you do that?
How many years ago did you move here?
How many years ago did you realize you were adopted?
How many years ago did you start working here?
How many years ago was it that you did that?
How many years are there in a century?
How many years are there in a decade?
How many years did Alexander rule?
How many years did Georges live there?
How many years did Tom and Mary spend in Boston?
How many years did Tom do that?
How many years did Tom live in Boston?
How many years did Tom spend in Australia?
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?
How many years did Tom spend in prison?
How many years did Tom work here?
How many years did it take Tom to do that?
How many years did it take to build the pyramids?
How many years did it take to do that?
How many years did it take you before you were fluent in French?
How many years did it take you to do that?
How many years did the Hundred Years' War last?
How many years did the Hundred-Year War last?
How many years did you live in Australia?
How many years did you live in Boston?
How many years did you spend studying at university?
How many years did you work as a chef?
How many years do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How many years do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
How many years do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
How many years do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
How many years do you think Tom has spent doing that?
How many years do you think it'll take to do that?
How many years does it take to become a doctor?
How many years has Tanya been living here?
How many years has Tanya lived here?
How many years has Tom already spent doing that?
How many years has Tom been doing that?
How many years has Tom been living here?
How many years has Tom been living in Boston?
How many years has Tom been working here?
How many years has Tom lived here?
How many years has Tom lived in Australia?
How many years has Tom lived in Boston?
How many years has Tom spent doing that?
How many years has Tom worked here?
How many years has it been since I last saw you?
How many years has it been since that incident?
How many years has it been since you joined this company?
How many years has it been since you quit eating meat?
How many years has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
How many years has it been?
How many years have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
How many years have Tom and Mary been doing that?
How many years have Tom and Mary been married?
How many years have Tom and Mary lived in Boston?
How many years have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
How many years have Tom and Mary worked here?
How many years have you already spent doing that?
How many years have you been a French teacher?
How many years have you been a barber?
How many years have you been a cab driver?
How many years have you been a plumber?
How many years have you been a student here?
How many years have you been a taxi driver?
How many years have you been a teacher here?
How many years have you been abroad?
How many years have you been doing that?
How many years have you been doing this?
How many years have you been driving this car?
How many years have you been driving?
How many years have you been having these dreams?
How many years have you been here?
How many years have you been living here?
How many years have you been living in Boston?
How many years have you been married?
How many years have you been playing chess?
How many years have you been playing golf?
How many years have you been playing the guitar?
How many years have you been selling cars?
How many years have you been snowboarding?
How many years have you been studying French?
How many years have you been studying judo?
How many years have you been teaching children to swim?
How many years have you been wearing glasses?
How many years have you been with this company?
How many years have you been working here?
How many years have you known Tom?
How many years have you known me?
How many years have you lived here?
How many years have you lived in Australia?
How many years have you lived in Boston?
How many years have you played rugby?
How many years have you spent doing that?
How many years have you studied Chinese for?
How many years have you studied French?
How many years have you studied Japanese for?
How many years have you studied Mandarin for?
How many years have you two been married?
How many years is it now that we've known each other?
How many years of education does someone need?
How many years of study are required to become a certified midwife?
How many years older was Onassis than Jacqueline?
How many years was Tom in Australia?
How many years was Tom in Boston?
How many years were Tom and Mary in Boston?
How many years were Tom and Mary married?
How many years were you in Australia?
How many years were you in Boston?
How many years were you over there?
How many years were you without your father?
How many years will it take Tom to finish high school?
How many years will it take to do that?
How many years will it take to rebuild the Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris?
How many years would it take us to do that?
How many yellow flowers are there there?
How many yellow flowers are there?
How many yen are four dollars equivalent to?
How many young people do you know that own as many cars as Tom does?
How many young people enter the Algerian job market every year?
How many young people enter the Algerian labor market every year?
How many zoos are there in Australia?
How many?
How marriage ruins a man! It is as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive.
How may I assist you today?
How may I be of help?
How may I be of service?
How may I help you today, sir?
How may I help you today?
How may I help you?
How may I serve you?
How may we help you today?
How may we help you?
How may we help?
How melodramatic!
How might I help?
How might it affect my eligibility to buy a house in Iran if I were married to a local Iranian versus being married to an Iranian-American?
How might that change?
How might this be done?
How millennials want to see themselves really impacts what they buy in terms of "Does this brand, product or service align with my values? Does the store ... treat people well? If it's a restaurant, is the food responsibly sourced?" All of these things are suddenly playing in that consumer narrative.
How motivating was that?
How much Berber do you know?
How much Berber vocabulary do I need for fluency in the language?
How much Berber vocabulary do you need for fluency?
How much CO2 emissions does Algeria produce every year?
How much English can you speak?
How much English does the average Spanish speaker know?
How much French can you speak?
How much French do you know?
How much I’ve suffered!
How much TV do you watch?
How much actual experience do you have?
How much alcohol do you usually drink?
How much alcohol is too much?
How much am I paying you?
How much applesauce did Tom eat?
How much applesauce did you buy?
How much applesauce did you eat?
How much applesauce should I buy?
How much are Tom and Mary going to be paid for doing that?
How much are a dozen eggs?
How much are all these items worth?
How much are carrots?
How much are eggs per dozen?
How much are eggs?
How much are entrance tickets?
How much are oranges?
How much are the carrots?
How much are the eggs?
How much are the grapes?
How much are the jeans?
How much are the large houses sold for?
How much are the lilies?
How much are the onions?
How much are the oranges?
How much are the payments?
How much are the pears?
How much are the sandals?
How much are the shoes?
How much are the strawberries?
How much are the tickets?
How much are the trousers?
How much are the vegetables?
How much are these apples?
How much are these black trousers and these red shirts?
How much are these earrings?
How much are these gloves?
How much are these oranges?
How much are these pants?
How much are these potatoes?
How much are these sandals?
How much are these shoes?
How much are these trousers?
How much are they asking for?
How much are they going to pay you?
How much are they offering?
How much are they paying Tom?
How much are they paying you?
How much are they prepared to pay?
How much are they willing to pay?
How much are they?
How much are those grapes?
How much are those lovely purple trousers?
How much are those?
How much are we going to get paid?
How much are we going to have to pay Tom to babysit for us tonight?
How much are we going to have to pay Tom to do that?
How much are we short?
How much are you able to pay?
How much are you asking for it?
How much are you asking for this painting?
How much are you asking for?
How much are you asking?
How much are you being paid to do this?
How much are you expecting to be paid for doing that?
How much are you getting paid?
How much are you going to be paid?
How much are you going to charge us?
How much are you going to get paid?
How much are you going to pay for?
How much are you going to pay me?
How much are you going to sell those pigeons for?
How much are you guys paying?
How much are you investing?
How much are you looking for?
How much are you making?
How much are you paying Tom?
How much are you paying for it?
How much are you paying in rent?
How much are you prepared to pay?
How much are you selling a bag of apples for?
How much are you taking?
How much are you willing to lose?
How much are you willing to pay for it?
How much are you willing to pay me to do that?
How much are you willing to pay?
How much are you willing to spend?
How much are your pants?
How much aspirin can I give my dog?
How much aspirin did you take?
How much bandwidth would you save by just using audio and not your camera?
How much bandwidth would you save by using audio only and turning off your camera?
How much beer did Tom drink?
How much beer did you buy?
How much beer did you drink last night?
How much beer did you drink last weekend?
How much beer did you drink?
How much beer do you drink every week?
How much beer is left?
How much beer people drink depends mostly on the weather.
How much beer people drink largely depends on the weather.
How much beer should I buy?
How much beer should we buy?
How much better can life get?
How much bigger trouble can you possibly get into?
How much blood has Tom lost?
How much blood has the injured lost?
How much booze did you drink?
How much bread did you buy?
How much bread did you eat?
How much bread do you eat every day?
How much bread is left?
How much bread should I buy?
How much bus stops are to center?
How much butter did you buy?
How much butter did you use?
How much butter do you need?
How much butter do you put on toast?
How much butter do you use?
How much butter do you want?
How much butter is left?
How much butter should I buy?
How much caffeine is fatal?
How much caffeine is too much caffeine?
How much cake can you eat?
How much cake did Tom eat?
How much cake did you eat?
How much cake is left?
How much can I get by with what little money I have left?
How much can change in a single day!
How much can that cost?
How much can that horse be worth?
How much can we expect to get if we sell this?
How much can we get out of this?
How much can we really depend on Tom?
How much can we really trust Tom?
How much can we take?
How much can you afford to lose?
How much can you bench?
How much can you bet?
How much can you lift?
How much can you make delivering pizzas?
How much can you make mowing lawns?
How much can you make washing cars?
How much can you pay?
How much can you really learn about a job in one week?
How much candy did Tom eat yesterday?
How much candy did Tom eat?
How much candy did you buy?
How much candy did you eat last week?
How much candy did you eat last weekend?
How much candy did you eat?
How much candy do we have left?
How much candy do you have left?
How much candy do you think Tom eats?
How much candy does Tom have left?
How much candy have you eaten?
How much candy have you had?
How much candy is left?
How much candy should I buy?
How much carbon dioxide does Algeria emit in the atmosphere?
How much cash do you carry?
How much cash do you have on you?
How much cash do you have?
How much cash do you usually carry?
How much cash do you usually have on you?
How much chance is there that that would happen?
How much chance is there that would happen?
How much change occurred?
How much charity money have we got by now?
How much cheese did Tom eat yesterday?
How much cheese did Tom eat?
How much cheese did you buy?
How much cheese did you eat last weekend?
How much cheese did you eat?
How much cheese do we have left?
How much cheese do you think Tom eats?
How much cheese should I buy?
How much chicken did you buy?
How much chocolate did Tom eat yesterday?
How much chocolate did Tom eat?
How much chocolate did you buy?
How much chocolate did you eat last weekend?
How much chocolate did you eat?
How much chocolate do you think Tom eats?
How much chocolate should I buy?
How much coffee did Tom drink?
How much coffee did you drink this morning?
How much coffee did you drink?
How much coffee do you drink a day?
How much coffee do you drink every day?
How much coffee do you drink?
How much coffee do you think Tom drinks every day?
How much coffee do you usually drink?
How much coffee have you drunk today?
How much coffee is left?
How much collateral damage?
How much come we know each other?
How much confetti they throw into the streets!
How much confidence exists that this assumption is correct?
How much content are you producing every day?
How much cosmic radiation reaches earth during the solar minimum?
How much could I buy this house for?
How much could I make a week working here?
How much could a gorilla bench press?
How much cream do you put in your coffee?
How much credit card debt do you have?
How much crockery does a two-person household need?
How much curry powder do you use a year?
How much damage can the current political crisis do to the Algerian economy?
How much damage can this do to the Algerian economy?
How much damage did the storm cause?
How much damage do you think the storm will cause?
How much damage has been done?
How much damage has the oil spill done?
How much damage is there to the car?
How much damage was done?
How much data can I export by copying a table from Base and inserting the data in Calc - up to thousands of lines, tens of thousands or more?
How much deeper do we need to dig?
How much democracy can a B-52 unleash in a single flight?
How much did Algeria import in 2004?
How much did Algeria's GDP grow in 2004?
How much did Algeria's economy develop in 2004?
How much did France extract from Algeria during colonial times?
How much did I lose?
How much did Mary pay you to help her clean out her garage?
How much did Mary pay you to mow her lawn?
How much did Tom and Mary pay you to help them clean out their garage?
How much did Tom ask for?
How much did Tom bet?
How much did Tom charge you for fixing your car?
How much did Tom charge you to do that?
How much did Tom drink last night?
How much did Tom drink tonight?
How much did Tom embezzle?
How much did Tom get paid to babysit Mary's children?
How much did Tom get paid to do that?
How much did Tom get paid to help Mary?
How much did Tom get paid to kiss Mary?
How much did Tom get paid?
How much did Tom get?
How much did Tom give you?
How much did Tom have to drink tonight?
How much did Tom have to pay for parking?
How much did Tom offer?
How much did Tom owe you?
How much did Tom pay us?
How much did Tom pay you for mowing his lawn?
How much did Tom pay you to do that?
How much did Tom pay you to help Mary?
How much did Tom pay you to help him clean out his garage?
How much did Tom pay you to kiss Mary?
How much did Tom pay you to mow his lawn?
How much did Tom pay you to mow the lawn?
How much did Tom pay you?
How much did Tom pay?
How much did Tom see?
How much did Tom sell his car for?
How much did Tom sell his farm for?
How much did Tom take from you?
How much did Tom tell you?
How much did Tom win?
How much did all of this cost?
How much did all the candy you ate last week cost?
How much did all this cost?
How much did all this stuff cost?
How much did cheese did you buy?
How much did he pay you?
How much did he pay?
How much did inflation reach this year in Algeria?
How much did it cost to get in?
How much did it cost to get into the museum?
How much did it cost to get there?
How much did it cost to get to Australia?
How much did it cost to get to Boston?
How much did it cost to get your car fixed?
How much did it cost to go to that concert?
How much did it cost to park?
How much did it cost us?
How much did it cost you fly to Australia?
How much did it cost you fly to Boston?
How much did it cost you the last time you went bowling?
How much did it cost you to buy your school uniform?
How much did it cost you to eat at that restaurant?
How much did it cost you to get in?
How much did it cost you to get there?
How much did it cost you to get to Australia?
How much did it cost you to get to Boston?
How much did it cost you to have your car repaired?
How much did it cost you to have your house painted?
How much did it cost you to park?
How much did it cost you?
How much did it cost?
How much did it snow last night?
How much did our trip cost us?
How much did parking cost you?
How much did parking cost?
How much did she pay you?
How much did that Kabyle dress cost?
How much did that beer cost?
How much did that chair cost?
How much did that coffee cost?
How much did that cost me?
How much did that cost us?
How much did that cost you?
How much did that cost?
How much did that costume cost?
How much did that dress cost you?
How much did that dress cost?
How much did that pencil cost?
How much did that scarf cost you?
How much did that spaceship cost?
How much did that watch cost?
How much did the Algerian dinar lose of its value against the dollar?
How much did the Algerian dinar lose of its value?
How much did the Taksebt Dam cost?
How much did the bread cost?
How much did the development of this fighter jet cost?
How much did the flight cost?
How much did the glasses cost?
How much did the headphones that Tom bought cost?
How much did the onions cost?
How much did the operation cost?
How much did the ring cost?
How much did the tickets cost you?
How much did the tickets cost?
How much did the train tickets cost?
How much did the treatment cost?
How much did these glasses cost?
How much did these sunglasses cost?
How much did these towels cost?
How much did they charge you for that?
How much did they charge you to do that?
How much did they charge you?
How much did they cost?
How much did they give you for your old car?
How much did they offer to pay you?
How much did they pay for that?
How much did they pay you to do that?
How much did they pay you to keep quiet?
How much did they pay you?
How much did this bicycle cost you?
How much did this bicycle cost?
How much did this bottle of wine cost?
How much did this chair cost you?
How much did this chair cost?
How much did this computer cost you?
How much did this computer cost?
How much did this cost the taxpayers?
How much did this cost?
How much did this dynamite cost?
How much did this loaf of bread cost you?
How much did this pair of glasses cost?
How much did this ring cost?
How much did this shirt cost?
How much did this umbrella cost you?
How much did this umbrella cost?
How much did those onions cost?
How much did those shoes cost?
How much did we donate?
How much did we lose?
How much did we pay Tom the last time?
How much did you bet Tom?
How much did you bet her?
How much did you bet him?
How much did you bet them?
How much did you bid?
How much did you bring?
How much did you buy it for?
How much did you buy that for?
How much did you buy the lamb for?
How much did you charge Tom to fix his car?
How much did you cut off?
How much did you donate?
How much did you drink last night?
How much did you drink yesterday?
How much did you drink?
How much did you earn?
How much did you eat?
How much did you expect to be paid?
How much did you expect to get?
How much did you get for it?
How much did you get out of the deal?
How much did you get paid for doing that?
How much did you get paid to do that?
How much did you get paid?
How much did you give Tom?
How much did you guys spend?
How much did you have to drink last night?
How much did you have to drink?
How much did you have to pay Tom to do that for you?
How much did you have to pay Tom to do that?
How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?
How much did you have to pay for lunch?
How much did you have to pay for parking?
How much did you have to pay for that?
How much did you have to pay for the tickets?
How much did you have to pay to get in?
How much did you have to pay to get your car fixed?
How much did you have to pay to get your truck fixed?
How much did you have to pay to have your house painted?
How much did you have to pay?
How much did you inherit from your uncle?
How much did you lose on that investment?
How much did you lose this time?
How much did you lose?
How much did you make last year?
How much did you make today?
How much did you make?
How much did you overhear?
How much did you pay Tom to mow your lawn?
How much did you pay Tom?
How much did you pay Yuri?
How much did you pay for him?
How much did you pay for it?
How much did you pay for it? It looks really pretty!
How much did you pay for our trip?
How much did you pay for that bicycle?
How much did you pay for that dress?
How much did you pay for that scarf?
How much did you pay for that suit?
How much did you pay for that?
How much did you pay for the bowl?
How much did you pay for the dress?
How much did you pay for the labor on this?
How much did you pay for this Christmas tree?
How much did you pay for this skirt?
How much did you pay for this?
How much did you pay for those shoes?
How much did you pay for those?
How much did you pay for your car?
How much did you pay for your cutlery?
How much did you pay for your silverware?
How much did you pay her?
How much did you pay him?
How much did you pay me?
How much did you pay the electrician?
How much did you pay them?
How much did you pay to get in?
How much did you pay to have your car repaired?
How much did you pay us?
How much did you pay?
How much did you really understand?
How much did you say this cost?
How much did you see?
How much did you sell your grand piano for?
How much did you sleep?
How much did you spend a day when you were in Australia?
How much did you spend at the zoo?
How much did you spend last weekend?
How much did you spend on Christmas gifts this year?
How much did you spend on Christmas presents this year?
How much did you spend on Christmas presents?
How much did you spend on clothes last year?
How much did you spend on that?
How much did you spend on the car?
How much did you spend on this?
How much did you spend on your last shopping spree?
How much did you spend per day when you were in Australia?
How much did you spend per day when you were in Boston?
How much did you spend the last time you ate at a restaurant?
How much did you spend while you were in Australia?
How much did you spend while you were in Boston?
How much did you spend?
How much did you take with you?
How much did you tell Tom?
How much did you tell her?
How much did you tell him?
How much did you tell them?
How much did you win?
How much did your Christmas tree cost?
How much did your PA system cost?
How much did your bicycle cost?
How much did your computer cost?
How much did your glasses cost?
How much did your helicopter cost?
How much did your house cost?
How much did your phone cost?
How much did your school uniform cost?
How much did your shoes cost?
How much did your spectacles cost?
How much did your trainers cost?
How much did your watch cost?
How much difference can one man make?
How much distance could you accept in a long distance relationship?
How much distance have we covered so far?
How much distance have we covered?
How much do I get?
How much do I have to pay for it?
How much do I have to pay?
How much do I know about this guy?
How much do I need to pay?
How much do I need to save for retirement?
How much do I owe her?
How much do I owe you for the cup of coffee?
How much do I owe you for the ticket?
How much do I owe you in all?
How much do I owe you please?
How much do I owe you?
How much do I owe you? - Four euro, please.
How much do I owe you? - Four euros, please.
How much do I owe?
How much do I pay?
How much do T-shirts usually cost?
How much do Tom and Mary know about this situation?
How much do Tom and Mary know about you?
How much do Tom and Mary make?
How much do Tom and Mary owe you?
How much do Tom and Mary pay you?
How much do Tom and Mary spend a month?
How much do Yanni and Skura have in common?
How much do a dozen eggs cost?
How much do air conditioners cost?
How much do all of these cost?
How much do astronomers make?
How much do bus drivers get paid?
How much do cardiologists make?
How much do carpenters make?
How much do carrots cost?
How much do dental assistants make?
How much do deputies cost the Algerian government?
How much do eggs cost?
How much do eggs sell for?
How much do expenses come to this month?
How much do firefighters make?
How much do governments and media lie about coronavirus?
How much do librarians make?
How much do olives and cookies cost?
How much do plumbers earn?
How much do plumbers make?
How much do police officers make?
How much do quality control specialists make?
How much do shirts usually cost?
How much do solar panels cost?
How much do stockbrokers make?
How much do substitute teachers make?
How much do taxi drivers make?
How much do teachers make?
How much do ten paper plates cost?
How much do the apples cost?
How much do the carrots cost?
How much do the cookies cost?
How much do the goods weigh?
How much do the oranges cost?
How much do the transmission rights come to?
How much do the trousers cost?
How much do these bananas cost?
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost?
How much do these cost?
How much do these glasses cost?
How much do these pants cost?
How much do these potatoes cost?
How much do these trainers cost?
How much do these trousers cost?
How much do these two honey doughnuts cost?
How much do they cost apiece?
How much do they cost?
How much do they pay you to do that?
How much do they want?
How much do those things cost?
How much do truck drivers make?
How much do twenty tomatoes cost?
How much do voters really care?
How much do we actually have to do today?
How much do we actually have to pay?
How much do we have to pay to get in?
How much do we have to pay?
How much do we need to pay?
How much do we need?
How much do we owe Tom?
How much do we owe, Tom?
How much do we pay Tom?
How much do we pay?
How much do wedding planners make?
How much do you ask for this?
How much do you believe him?
How much do you bet?
How much do you charge by the hour?
How much do you charge for a one-hour lesson?
How much do you charge for cleaning a wool dress?
How much do you charge for gift wrapping?
How much do you charge for hair extensions?
How much do you charge for your services?
How much do you charge per hour?
How much do you charge to fix a flat tire?
How much do you charge?
How much do you currently earn per month?
How much do you drink every day?
How much do you drink?
How much do you earn a day?
How much do you earn a month?
How much do you earn in your job?
How much do you earn per week?
How much do you earn?
How much do you eat?
How much do you expect to be paid?
How much do you expect to get out of Tom?
How much do you expect to get paid?
How much do you feed your dog?
How much do you get paid an hour?
How much do you get paid per month?
How much do you get paid to do that?
How much do you get paid?
How much do you have in the bank?
How much do you have in your pocket now?
How much do you have in your wallet?
How much do you have invested?
How much do you have left to finish?
How much do you have to pay per month?
How much do you have to pay?
How much do you know about Australia?
How much do you know about Boston?
How much do you know about Tom's job?
How much do you know about Tom's problem?
How much do you know about Tom?
How much do you know about artificial intelligence?
How much do you know about health-care reform?
How much do you know about her?
How much do you know about him?
How much do you know about terrorism?
How much do you know about the US Constitution?
How much do you know about the process?
How much do you know about them?
How much do you know about this city?
How much do you know about what happened here last week?
How much do you know?
How much do you leave for a tip in Spain?
How much do you leave for a tip to a taxi driver in New York?
How much do you like Tom?
How much do you like baseball?
How much do you like her?
How much do you like your job?
How much do you love Tom?
How much do you love her?
How much do you love him?
How much do you love me, on a scale of one to ten?
How much do you love me?
How much do you make a month?
How much do you make mowing lawns?
How much do you make teaching French?
How much do you make?
How much do you need of it?
How much do you need to pay for this trip?
How much do you need?
How much do you normally drink?
How much do you owe me?
How much do you owe?
How much do you pay Tom for that?
How much do you pay Tom?
How much do you pay each year for your children's education?
How much do you pay for gasoline?
How much do you pay your gardener?
How much do you read?
How much do you really know about Tom?
How much do you really know about hippopotamuses?
How much do you reckon this carriage would cost?
How much do you remember about that night?
How much do you remember?
How much do you spend a week?
How much do you spend eating out?
How much do you spend on eating out every month?
How much do you spend on food every month?
How much do you spend on food per month?
How much do you spend on groceries a month?
How much do you spend on groceries?
How much do you spend on health insurance?
How much do you spend per month on creams?
How much do you spend when you go out to eat?
How much do you take?
How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
How much do you think I could make busking?
How much do you think I should pay Tom to do that?
How much do you think I should pay Tom to rotate my tires?
How much do you think I'll have to spend to get my car repaired?
How much do you think Tom and Mary get paid?
How much do you think Tom and Mary need?
How much do you think Tom gets paid?
How much do you think Tom has to pay Mary to clean his house?
How much do you think Tom makes?
How much do you think Tom needs?
How much do you think Tom weighs?
How much do you think Tom will give me for this?
How much do you think Tom's horse weighs?
How much do you think is this sweater?
How much do you think it cost?
How much do you think it costs?
How much do you think it should be?
How much do you think it was?
How much do you think it would cost to get to the zoo from here by taxi?
How much do you think it'll cost me to get my car repaired?
How much do you think it'll cost us to do that?
How much do you think it'll cost?
How much do you think it's all worth?
How much do you think that it cost?
How much do you think that it costs?
How much do you think that it'll cost?
How much do you think the average person spends eating out in a year?
How much do you think they'll pay me to do that?
How much do you think this costs?
How much do you think this is worth?
How much do you think this suitcase weighs?
How much do you think this sweater cost?
How much do you think you're gonna get for this Kabyle dress?
How much do you trust Tom?
How much do you trust what Tom says?
How much do you usually drink?
How much do you usually get paid for writing an article?
How much do you usually spend when you eat out?
How much do you value your health?
How much do you want for all this stuff?
How much do you want for each one?
How much do you want for it?
How much do you want for that?
How much do you want for the house?
How much do you want for this book?
How much do you want for this painting?
How much do you want for this watch?
How much do you want for this?
How much do you want for your car?
How much do you want in terms of salary?
How much do you want to be paid?
How much do you want to bet?
How much do you want to give for this bike?
How much do you want to sell this for?
How much do you want to spend?
How much do you want?
How much do you weigh in kilos?
How much do you weigh now?
How much do you weigh?
How much do your vices cost you?
How much does Algeria export?
How much does Algeria invest in education?
How much does Algeria need for this project?
How much does Algeria spend in research and development?
How much does Algeria spend of its GDP in research and development?
How much does Algeria spend on education?
How much does Algeria spend on welfare?
How much does Algeria spend?
How much does Algeria's economy need to grow?
How much does Fadil owe you?
How much does Sami owe you?
How much does Tom charge you for French lessons?
How much does Tom earn a month?
How much does Tom earn per month?
How much does Tom earn?
How much does Tom get paid to babysit Mary's children?
How much does Tom get paid to do that?
How much does Tom get paid?
How much does Tom know about Mary?
How much does Tom know about this situation?
How much does Tom know about what happened?
How much does Tom know about you?
How much does Tom know?
How much does Tom make?
How much does Tom owe you?
How much does Tom pay you to do that?
How much does Tom pay you?
How much does Tom really know about what happened to Mary?
How much does Tom spend a month?
How much does Tom spend per month?
How much does Tom weigh?
How much does Yanni know about Skura?
How much does a VR headset cost?
How much does a bag of chestnuts cost?
How much does a bag of chips cost nowadays?
How much does a beer cost here?
How much does a beer cost?
How much does a belly button piercing cost?
How much does a bottle of beer cost?
How much does a bottle of beer usually cost?
How much does a box cost?
How much does a box of chocolates cost?
How much does a box of these cost?
How much does a bunch of grapes cost?
How much does a bus ticket cost?
How much does a can of beer cost?
How much does a case of beer cost?
How much does a cinema ticket cost?
How much does a cup of coffee cost here?
How much does a cup of coffee cost?
How much does a dozen eggs cost?
How much does a first class ticket cost?
How much does a fishing licence cost?
How much does a fishing license cost?
How much does a flight to Australia cost?
How much does a football weigh?
How much does a gallon of gas cost in Boston?
How much does a hamburger cost here?
How much does a high-end computer typically cost?
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?
How much does a kilo of beef cost in Algeria?
How much does a kilo of chestnuts cost?
How much does a kilo of mozzarella cost?
How much does a kilo of onions cost?
How much does a kilo of plums cost?
How much does a kilo of rice cost?
How much does a kilo of rice weigh? You, what do you think?
How much does a kilo of sugar cost in Algeria?
How much does a kilo of tomatoes cost?
How much does a kilogram of apples cost?
How much does a kilogram of leeks cost?
How much does a kilogram of pineapples cost?
How much does a kilogram of rice cost?
How much does a liter of gasoline cost in Australia?
How much does a liter of milk cost?
How much does a litre of milk cost?
How much does a loaf of bread cost nowadays?
How much does a loaf of bread cost?
How much does a lorry loaded with gravel cost?
How much does a meter of that red silk cost?
How much does a newspaper subscription cost?
How much does a night at that hotel cost?
How much does a night cost?
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice.
How much does a pound of beef cost in Algeria?
How much does a public school teacher earn?
How much does a return cost?
How much does a return ticket cost?
How much does a rhino weigh?
How much does a room cost?
How much does a six-pack of beer cost?
How much does a soccer ball weigh?
How much does a suit go for right now?
How much does a taxi driver make?
How much does a teacher earn?
How much does a three-year old weigh?
How much does a ticket cost for the concert?
How much does a ticket cost?
How much does a ton of gravel cost?
How much does a trip by train cost?
How much does a truckload of gravel cost?
How much does a tube of the kind of toothpaste you use cost?
How much does a typical alarm system cost?
How much does a wooden chair cost?
How much does agriculture account in Algeria's economy?
How much does agriculture represent of Algeria's GDP?
How much does agriculture represent of Algeria's total GDP?
How much does all this cost?
How much does an EMS machine cost?
How much does an apple cost?
How much does an average Algerian make a month?
How much does an average Canadian make?
How much does an average plumber earn a year?
How much does an egg cost?
How much does an electrician make?
How much does an elephant's tusk cost?
How much does an entrance ticket cost?
How much does an hour cost?
How much does an olive weigh?
How much does an ounce of gold cost nowadays?
How much does bear spray cost?
How much does beer cost?
How much does bread cost?
How much does electricity cost in eastern Germany?
How much does farming generate of Algeria's GDP?
How much does gasoline cost where you live?
How much does he cost?
How much does he earn in a month?
How much does he earn per month?
How much does he pay for gas each month?
How much does he spend per month?
How much does her suitcase weigh?
How much does his suitcase weigh?
How much does industry represent in Algeria's GDP?
How much does industry represent of Algeria's GDP?
How much does it all cost?
How much does it cost a day?
How much does it cost for a return ticket?
How much does it cost for one person?
How much does it cost him?
How much does it cost per month?
How much does it cost to buy the boat?
How much does it cost to do that nowadays?
How much does it cost to do that?
How much does it cost to eat at such a place?
How much does it cost to eat at that restaurant?
How much does it cost to enter?
How much does it cost to fly there?
How much does it cost to fly to Australia?
How much does it cost to fly to Boston?
How much does it cost to get a haircut nowadays?
How much does it cost to get a haircut?
How much does it cost to get divorced?
How much does it cost to get downtown by bus?
How much does it cost to get from your house to school?
How much does it cost to get in?
How much does it cost to get to Australia?
How much does it cost to get to Boston by bus?
How much does it cost to get to Boston?
How much does it cost to get to London?
How much does it cost to go to Boston?
How much does it cost to hire a bicycle?
How much does it cost to hire a bike?
How much does it cost to hire a rowing boat?
How much does it cost to join?
How much does it cost to make a T-shirt?
How much does it cost to make a one yen coin?
How much does it cost to make a salad?
How much does it cost to rent a bicycle?
How much does it cost to rent a canoe?
How much does it cost to rent a car?
How much does it cost to rent a rowboat?
How much does it cost to rent a sailboat?
How much does it cost to run a washing machine?
How much does it cost to see a movie?
How much does it cost to send a letter to Australia?
How much does it cost to send a postcard to Australia?
How much does it cost to stay at that hotel?
How much does it cost to take the metro?
How much does it cost?
How much does it hurt?
How much does it really matter?
How much does it usually cost to go to a movie?
How much does it usually cost to go to a professional basketball game?
How much does it usually cost you to get a haircut?
How much does it weigh?
How much does manufacturing represent of Algeria's GDP?
How much does my debt amount to?
How much does one pound cost?
How much does race still matter?
How much does rye flour cost?
How much does she earn per month?
How much does she need?
How much does she owe you?
How much does she spend per month?
How much does ten kilograms of rice cost?
How much does that banana cost?
How much does that beer cost?
How much does that black leather jacket cost?
How much does that car cost?
How much does that cheese cost?
How much does that come to?
How much does that cost per day?
How much does that cost?
How much does that dumbbell weigh?
How much does that job pay?
How much does that lamp cost?
How much does that mountain bike cost?
How much does that puppy in the window cost?
How much does that really matter?
How much does that software cost?
How much does that weigh?
How much does the Algerian economy grow?
How much does the Algerian government have to pay for that?
How much does the average car weigh?
How much does the average grand piano weigh?
How much does the average honeymoon cost?
How much does the average vacation cost?
How much does the average wedding cost?
How much does the average woman weigh?
How much does the beer cost?
How much does the blue one cost?
How much does the bread cost?
How much does the cake cost?
How much does the computer cost in euros?
How much does the house cost?
How much does the industry sector contribute to Algeria's GDP?
How much does the insurance sector generate of Algeria's GDP?
How much does the job pay?
How much does the membership cost?
How much does the orange juice cost?
How much does the premium membership cost?
How much does the shirt cost?
How much does the suitcase weigh?
How much does the ticket cost?
How much does the train ticket cost?
How much does the tram cost as far as that stop?
How much does the trip cost?
How much does the universe cost?
How much does the watch cost?
How much does the wooden chair cost?
How much does this bag cost?
How much does this baguette cost?
How much does this ballpoint pen cost?
How much does this banana cost?
How much does this barbell weigh without any weights added?
How much does this bathing suit cost?
How much does this book cost?
How much does this box weigh?
How much does this camera cost?
How much does this cap cost?
How much does this car cost?
How much does this computer cost?
How much does this cost?
How much does this fish cost?
How much does this flag cost?
How much does this fountain pen cost?
How much does this hair dryer cost?
How much does this hat cost?
How much does this hobby cost you?
How much does this house cost?
How much does this ladder cost?
How much does this laptop cost?
How much does this one cost?
How much does this pen cost?
How much does this phone cost?
How much does this ring cost?
How much does this shirt cost?
How much does this smartphone cost?
How much does this sofa cost?
How much does this thing cost, please?
How much does this tie cost?
How much does this umbrella cost?
How much does this watch cost?
How much does this weigh?
How much does this wine cost?
How much does tourism contribute to Algeria's GDP output?
How much does tourism contribute to Algeria's GDP?
How much does your Swiss watch cost?
How much does your computer weigh?
How much does your daughter earn?
How much does your daughter weigh?
How much does your dog weigh?
How much does your phone cost?
How much does your suitcase weigh?
How much don't they know?
How much drinking water do we have left?
How much effort does it take to get your first job?
How much electricity does Algeria produce annually?
How much electronic waste does Algeria produce every year?
How much exactly has Macedonia contributed to this problem?
How much exactly?
How much experience do you have?
How much experience does Tom have?
How much extra will we have to pay?
How much fabric did you buy?
How much fabric do I need for a blouse like this?
How much farther do we have to go?
How much farther do you have to go?
How much farther is it?
How much farther?
How much field experience do you have?
How much fire insurance do you have?
How much fire insurance do you think I need?
How much fish did you catch?
How much fish have you eaten?
How much fish is harvested in Algerian dams?
How much food did you buy?
How much food do Tom and Mary have left?
How much food do we have left?
How much food do we have?
How much food do you need?
How much food does Tom have left?
How much food does a giraffe need to eat daily?
How much food is left?
How much food is there?
How much food should I be feeding my dog?
How much food should I give Tom?
How much for a baguette?
How much for a first class ticket to Boston?
How much for a kilo of tangerines?
How much for a kilo of this mustard seed?
How much for an economy ticket to Boston?
How much for half a kilo?
How much for one piece?
How much for that red hat?
How much for the cheese?
How much for the coffee?
How much for the night?
How much for this car?
How much for this carpet?
How much for this jacket?
How much for this red hat?
How much for those trousers?
How much for twenty tomatoes?
How much for you to take me to the airport?
How much for your ass?
How much free time do you have?
How much freight did you carry last trip?
How much fruit did you eat?
How much fruit do you eat every day?
How much fruit do you eat?
How much fruit is grown domestically?
How much fuel did you save?
How much fuel do we have?
How much fuel do you need?
How much fuel does a Boeing 747 carry for a nine-hour flight?
How much fuel have we got?
How much fun I had!
How much fun do you think Tom's party will be?
How much fun do you think it'll really be?
How much fun would that be?
How much further do we have to go?
How much further do you have to go?
How much further have you got to go?
How much further is it to Tom's house?
How much further is it to the village? I'm exhausted. Thirsty too. I hope there's a good pub there.
How much further is it?
How much gas is left in the tank?
How much gasoline did you have to put in the tank?
How much gasoline is left in the tank?
How much grass does a buffalo eat per day?
How much ground meat did you buy?
How much growth foreign direct investment has seen in Algeria in the last four years?
How much hamburger did you buy?
How much happier I was as a slave, for then I could behold my Chloe!
How much harm could Tom have done?
How much has China invested in Algeria?
How much has he paid you to keep quiet?
How much has the plan been changed?
How much has this cost the taxpayers?
How much has this team changed since you joined?
How much have we saved this month?
How much have we spent?
How much have you been paid so far?
How much have you been paid?
How much have you done so far?
How much have you drunk?
How much have you found out?
How much have you had to drink this evening?
How much have you had to drink tonight?
How much have you had to drink?
How much have you had?
How much have you invested so far?
How much have you made tonight?
How much have you paid for this computer?
How much have your lives changed?
How much hay do you need per day?
How much healthier do you want to be?
How much help do you think we can expect to get?
How much help is out there?
How much heroin or methadone do you usually use per day?
How much homework do you get every day?
How much homework do you have every night?
How much homework do you have to do tonight?
How much honey did you buy?
How much honey do we have?
How much honey do you need?
How much honey do you use for this pastry?
How much honey do you want me to put in your tea?
How much honey is left?
How much honey should I buy?
How much horsepower does a horse have?
How much housework did you do?
How much howmework did you have last night?
How much hydrocarbons does Algeria export?
How much ice cream did Tom eat?
How much ice cream did you buy?
How much ice cream did you eat?
How much ice cream do you want?
How much ice cream is left?
How much ice cream should I buy?
How much income tax do you have to pay?
How much influence does Iran have in Iraq?
How much insurance do you carry on your house?
How much interest do you get on your savings account?
How much interest does it pay?
How much intolerance are we prepared to tolerate?
How much investment does Algeria need to generate substantial economic growth?
How much investment does Algeria need?
How much is 300 euros in Canadian dollars?
How much is 300 euros in U.S. dollars?
How much is 300 euros in United States dollars?
How much is 300 euros in dollars?
How much is Algeria going to invest to develop its car industry?
How much is Algeria investing in agriculture?
How much is Algeria investing in manufacturing?
How much is Algeria's fishery sector worth?
How much is Australia affected by the financial crisis?
How much is Tom being paid?
How much is Tom going to be paid for doing that?
How much is Tom going to get paid?
How much is Tom paying you?
How much is Tom worth?
How much is Tom's estate worth?
How much is Zambian Kwacha in US dollars?
How much is a beer?
How much is a bottle of coconut juice?
How much is a bus ticket?
How much is a case of beer?
How much is a cup of coffee?
How much is a first class ticket?
How much is a human life worth?
How much is a kilo of beans?
How much is a kilo of figs?
How much is a kilo of grapes?
How much is a kilo of raspberries?
How much is a kilo of tomatoes?
How much is a life worth?
How much is a meter of this red silk?
How much is a one-way ticket?
How much is a pack of cigarettes?
How much is a packet of cigarettes?
How much is a plane ticket to South Korea?
How much is a return ticket?
How much is a return to London?
How much is a room for two people in this five-star hotel?
How much is a room?
How much is a round-trip ticket to Boston?
How much is a round-trip ticket to Caracas?
How much is a round-trip ticket?
How much is a ticket to Boston?
How much is a ticket to Segovia?
How much is a ticket to Tokiponatown?
How much is a ticket?
How much is a train ticket?
How much is admission?
How much is all that going to cost?
How much is all this going to cost?
How much is all this?
How much is an apple?
How much is eight plus eight?
How much is enough?
How much is everything?
How much is five times seven?
How much is four times six?
How much is he paying you?
How much is his car worth?
How much is in your checking account?
How much is invested from abroad in Algeria?
How much is it altogether?
How much is it for one person?
How much is it for the train ticket?
How much is it going to cost me to mend this skirt?
How much is it going to cost me?
How much is it going to cost to fix these windshield scratches?
How much is it going to cost?
How much is it going to roughly cost me to get to the airport from here?
How much is it in dollars?
How much is it including insurance and tax?
How much is it per box?
How much is it per month?
How much is it worth to you?
How much is it worth today?
How much is it worth?
How much is it?
How much is left in your savings account?
How much is my fare?
How much is one US dollar worth in Algerian dinar?
How much is one beer?
How much is one box of cashew turrones?
How much is one euro currently worth in Algerian dinar?
How much is rye flour?
How much is she paying you?
How much is that TV over there, please?
How much is that VR headset?
How much is that all together?
How much is that black leather jacket?
How much is that cheese?
How much is that coat?
How much is that computer?
How much is that going to come to?
How much is that going to cost me?
How much is that going to cost us?
How much is that going to cost you?
How much is that going to cost?
How much is that gold ring?
How much is that in dollars?
How much is that laptop?
How much is that mountain bike?
How much is that over there?
How much is that penny?
How much is that string of pearls?
How much is that virtual reality headset?
How much is that wooden chair?
How much is that worth?
How much is that?
How much is the NHS prescription charge?
How much is the admission fee?
How much is the admission ticket?
How much is the admission?
How much is the annual membership fee?
How much is the average salary in Algeria?
How much is the average salary in Bangladesh?
How much is the bus fare?
How much is the bus ride?
How much is the car that you're planning to buy?
How much is the car that you’re planning to buy?
How much is the car you are planning to buy?
How much is the cheese?
How much is the commission?
How much is the dollar now?
How much is the entrance fee?
How much is the express?
How much is the fare on the bus?
How much is the fare to Bikol?
How much is the fare to the Hilton Hotel?
How much is the fare?
How much is the fine for speeding?
How much is the fish?
How much is the freight on this box?
How much is the handling charge?
How much is the house?
How much is the jacket?
How much is the jumper?
How much is the kilo of bananas?
How much is the kilo of beans?
How much is the kilo of courgettes?
How much is the kilo of leek?
How much is the kilo of pineapple?
How much is the kilo of tomatoes?
How much is the late fee?
How much is the membership fee for your gym?
How much is the membership fee?
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school?
How much is the monthly rate?
How much is the monthly rent for this place?
How much is the most expensive car?
How much is the newspaper?
How much is the premium?
How much is the rent for this apartment?
How much is the rent for this flat?
How much is the rent for this house?
How much is the rent for this room?
How much is the rent per month?
How much is the rent?
How much is the room charge?
How much is the room?
How much is the service charge?
How much is the shipping?
How much is the shirt?
How much is the tax?
How much is the ticket?
How much is the toll?
How much is the tour per person?
How much is the tour?
How much is the tram to that stop?
How much is the whole package?
How much is there left?
How much is this T-shirt?
How much is this ball?
How much is this ballpoint pen?
How much is this biro?
How much is this book?
How much is this camera?
How much is this car worth?
How much is this car?
How much is this clock?
How much is this coin worth?
How much is this computer?
How much is this costing taxpayers?
How much is this diamond worth?
How much is this dress?
How much is this going to cost me?
How much is this going to cost us?
How much is this going to cost?
How much is this hair dryer?
How much is this handkerchief?
How much is this hat?
How much is this house worth?
How much is this jumper, please?
How much is this laptop?
How much is this of a game changer for Algeria?
How much is this one?
How much is this party going to cost?
How much is this pen?
How much is this pork a kilo?
How much is this pullover, please?
How much is this purse?
How much is this racket?
How much is this radio?
How much is this ring worth?
How much is this ring?
How much is this shirt?
How much is this sofa?
How much is this stamp worth?
How much is this thing?
How much is this tie?
How much is this tour per person?
How much is this towel?
How much is this trip costing us?
How much is this umbrella?
How much is this vacation going to cost us?
How much is this watch worth?
How much is this watch?
How much is this worth?
How much is this?
How much is this? Four Euros please.
How much is to be paid?
How much is too much?
How much is two minus two?
How much is two plus one?
How much is what we say, of thoughts so far away!
How much is your car worth?
How much is your comfort worth to you?
How much is your commission?
How much is your electricity bill?
How much is your hourly pay?
How much is your life worth?
How much is your monthly gas bill?
How much is your operation going to cost?
How much is your rent?
How much jam did you buy?
How much jam should I buy?
How much juice can you squeeze from one orange?
How much juice did the cherries yield?
How much kerosene is left in the tank?
How much knowledge do I need to run a business?
How much lawyers get paid is a simple matter of supply and demand.
How much life insurance do I need?
How much life insurance do you need?
How much liters of oil do you need?
How much livestock does Algeria produce?
How much longer Tom lasts remains the question.
How much longer am I going to have to do this?
How much longer am I meant to wait here?
How much longer am I obligated to do this?
How much longer am I supposed to wait here?
How much longer are Tom and I going to have to do this?
How much longer are Tom and Mary going to be in Boston?
How much longer are Tom and Mary planning to live in Boston?
How much longer are Tom and Mary planning to stay with us?
How much longer are going to do this?
How much longer are we going to be kept here?
How much longer are we going to discuss this question?
How much longer are we going to have to wait?
How much longer are we going to put up with this noise?
How much longer are we going to wait?
How much longer are you going to be here?
How much longer are you going to be sitting here?
How much longer are you going to have me waiting here?
How much longer are you going to keep me waiting here?
How much longer are you going to sit there?
How much longer are you going to stay?
How much longer are you going to talk about Tom?
How much longer are you planning on staying in Australia?
How much longer are you planning on staying in Boston?
How much longer are you planning to be here?
How much longer are you planning to be in Australia?
How much longer are you planning to be in Boston?
How much longer are you planning to stay here?
How much longer are you planning to stay in Australia?
How much longer are you planning to stay in Boston?
How much longer are you planning to wait?
How much longer are you staying?
How much longer before you arrive?
How much longer can I stay here?
How much longer can Tom withstand it?
How much longer can this last?
How much longer can we keep Tom on life support?
How much longer can we stay here?
How much longer can you stay?
How much longer do I have to be here?
How much longer do I have to do this?
How much longer do I have to go to school?
How much longer do I have to wait?
How much longer do I need to do this?
How much longer do I need to stay?
How much longer do we have to put up with this?
How much longer do we have to stay here?
How much longer do we have to wait for Tom?
How much longer do we have to wait?
How much longer do we have?
How much longer do we need to do this?
How much longer do we need to wait?
How much longer do you expect me to wait for you?
How much longer do you need?
How much longer do you plan on being here?
How much longer do you plan to be here?
How much longer do you plan to be in Australia?
How much longer do you plan to be in Boston?
How much longer do you plan to live in this house?
How much longer do you plan to sit here?
How much longer do you plan to stay?
How much longer do you plan to wait?
How much longer do you suggest we devote to this?
How much longer do you think I have?
How much longer do you think I need to stay in Australia?
How much longer do you think I need to stay in Boston?
How much longer do you think Tom will want to do that?
How much longer do you think it'll be until Tom and Mary get here?
How much longer do you think it'll be until Tom gets here?
How much longer do you think it'll be until it starts raining?
How much longer do you think it'll be until the cake is ready to come out of the oven?
How much longer do you think it'll be until the job is finished?
How much longer do you think it'll be?
How much longer do you think it'll take to reach our goal?
How much longer do you think it'll take?
How much longer do you think that I need to stay in Australia?
How much longer do you think that I need to stay in Boston?
How much longer do you think this car will last?
How much longer do you think this is going to last?
How much longer do you think this will take?
How much longer do you think we'll have to wait?
How much longer do you think we'll need to continue doing this?
How much longer do you think you'll be?
How much longer do you think you'll need?
How much longer do you want me to wait?
How much longer do you want to live where you're living?
How much longer do you want to sleep? It's already eleven!
How much longer do you want to stay here?
How much longer do you want to swim?
How much longer have we got?
How much longer is Tom going to be in Boston?
How much longer is Tom planning to live in Boston?
How much longer is Tom planning to stay with us?
How much longer is it going to take?
How much longer is it gonna take?
How much longer is it?
How much longer is that going to take?
How much longer is this going to last?
How much longer is this going to take?
How much longer is this storm going to last?
How much longer must I do this?
How much longer should we wait for Tom?
How much longer should we wait?
How much longer till we get there?
How much longer to you think I need to do this?
How much longer until Elon Musk buys the Moon?
How much longer until dinner?
How much longer will I have to stay in hospital?
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
How much longer will I have to wait?
How much longer will I need to wait?
How much longer will Tom be in Boston?
How much longer will Tom be in prison?
How much longer will Tom be in the hospital?
How much longer will it be till we get there?
How much longer will it be until we get there?
How much longer will it be?
How much longer will it take for the tub to fill?
How much longer will it take till we get there?
How much longer will it take?
How much longer will that take?
How much longer will the thunderstorm last?
How much longer will they take?
How much longer will this last?
How much longer will we have to tolerate it?
How much longer will we have to wait for Tom?
How much longer will we have to wait?
How much longer will we need to wait?
How much longer will you be here?
How much longer will you be sitting here?
How much longer will you be staying in Australia?
How much longer will you be studying here?
How much longer will you keep it a secret from him?
How much longer will you stay in Australia?
How much longer will you stay in Boston?
How much longer?
How much love!
How much luck do I need?
How much luggage can we take?
How much luggage do you have?
How much malice is hidden in your supposedly innocent eyes?
How much medication does Tom take?
How much medicine do you take every day?
How much medlar can we get from this tree?
How much memory does your computer have?
How much milk did Tom drink?
How much milk did you buy?
How much milk did you drink yesterday?
How much milk did you drink?
How much milk do we have left?
How much milk do you drink every day?
How much milk do you think I should buy?
How much milk do you usually drink?
How much milk do you want?
How much milk is left?
How much milk is there in the bottle?
How much milk is there left?
How much milk should I buy?
How much mince did you buy?
How much money are we talking about?
How much money can you borrow from Tom?
How much money can you borrow?
How much money can you guys borrow from Tom?
How much money can you make as a tow truck driver?
How much money can you spend?
How much money did Tom and Mary make last year?
How much money did Tom ask for?
How much money did Tom borrow from you?
How much money did Tom donate to charity last year?
How much money did Tom embezzle?
How much money did Tom get?
How much money did Tom give you?
How much money did Tom have with him?
How much money did Tom lend you?
How much money did Tom lose playing poker last night?
How much money did Tom lose?
How much money did Tom make last year?
How much money did Tom offer you?
How much money did Tom promise you?
How much money did Tom save?
How much money did Tom spend?
How much money did Tom steal yesterday?
How much money did Tom steal?
How much money did Tom take out of the bank?
How much money did that cost to build?
How much money did that cost you?
How much money did they offer you?
How much money did we spend last month?
How much money did you borrow from Tom?
How much money did you borrow?
How much money did you bring with you?
How much money did you buy that car for?
How much money did you donate?
How much money did you expect to spend?
How much money did you find?
How much money did you get for the diamond?
How much money did you get from Tom?
How much money did you get?
How much money did you give Tom?
How much money did you give me?
How much money did you have on you?
How much money did you have with you?
How much money did you lose on that deal?
How much money did you lose today?
How much money did you lose?
How much money did you make last year?
How much money did you make today?
How much money did you need?
How much money did you pay for it?
How much money did you save?
How much money did you send to Tom?
How much money did you spend at the club?
How much money did you spend at the zoo?
How much money did you spend in Australia?
How much money did you spend in Boston?
How much money did you spend in total?
How much money did you spend last month?
How much money did you spend last week?
How much money did you spend last weekend?
How much money did you spend on clothes last year?
How much money did you spend on food last month?
How much money did you spend on food last week?
How much money did you spend on it?
How much money did you spend on your car?
How much money did you spend on your last holiday?
How much money did you spend the last time you went shopping?
How much money did you spend today?
How much money did you spend while you were in Australia?
How much money did you spend while you were in Boston?
How much money did you spend while you were there?
How much money did you spend yesterday?
How much money did you spend?
How much money did you steal?
How much money did you waste on this car?
How much money did you win?
How much money did your group raise?
How much money do I need to save before I can retire?
How much money do I owe you?
How much money do Tom and Mary have left?
How much money do Tom and Mary need to borrow?
How much money do Tom and Mary owe you?
How much money do carpenters make?
How much money do dental assistants make?
How much money do firefighters make?
How much money do plumbers make?
How much money do quality control specialists make?
How much money do substitute teachers make?
How much money do taxi drivers make?
How much money do teachers make?
How much money do truck drivers make?
How much money do we have in the bank?
How much money do we have left to spend on food?
How much money do we have left?
How much money do we have?
How much money do we need?
How much money do we owe Tom?
How much money do we owe them?
How much money do we owe you?
How much money do you donate every year?
How much money do you earn a month?
How much money do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
How much money do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How much money do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How much money do you estimate will be needed to do that?
How much money do you estimate you'll need to do that?
How much money do you expect to earn next year?
How much money do you expect to make doing that?
How much money do you have for a car?
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?
How much money do you have in the bank?
How much money do you have in your bag?
How much money do you have in your pocket now?
How much money do you have in your pocket right now?
How much money do you have in your pockets right now?
How much money do you have in your purse?
How much money do you have in your wallet right now?
How much money do you have in your wallet?
How much money do you have left?
How much money do you have on you now?
How much money do you have on you right now?
How much money do you have on you?
How much money do you have on your card?
How much money do you have saved up?
How much money do you have to spend?
How much money do you have with you now?
How much money do you have with you right now?
How much money do you have with you?
How much money do you have?
How much money do you hope to raise this year?
How much money do you make a month?
How much money do you make off each copy?
How much money do you make?
How much money do you need to borrow?
How much money do you need to do that?
How much money do you need?
How much money do you owe Tom?
How much money do you owe her?
How much money do you owe him?
How much money do you owe me?
How much money do you owe them?
How much money do you owe us?
How much money do you owe?
How much money do you plan to invest in government bonds?
How much money do you plan to spend?
How much money do you spend a month?
How much money do you spend a week?
How much money do you spend every month eating out?
How much money do you spend in a month?
How much money do you spend on clothes?
How much money do you spend on clothing every year?
How much money do you spend on food every month?
How much money do you spend on groceries every week?
How much money do you spend on textbooks per semester?
How much money do you think Boston makes on parking tickets?
How much money do you think I could get if I sold this?
How much money do you think I need?
How much money do you think I should take with me?
How much money do you think Tom and Mary have in the bank?
How much money do you think Tom and Mary have left?
How much money do you think Tom and Mary make?
How much money do you think Tom and Mary need?
How much money do you think Tom has in the bank?
How much money do you think Tom has left?
How much money do you think Tom has stolen?
How much money do you think Tom makes?
How much money do you think Tom needs?
How much money do you think Tom spends a month?
How much money do you think Tom will need to do that?
How much money do you think has been wasted?
How much money do you think it cost to build that museum?
How much money do you think it'll take to do that?
How much money do you think people like Tom and Mary spend each month?
How much money do you think someone like Tom spends each month?
How much money do you think that Tom has stolen?
How much money do you think that you'll spend in Australia?
How much money do you think that you'll spend in Boston?
How much money do you think that'll cost?
How much money do you think we have left?
How much money do you think will be needed to do that?
How much money do you think you need?
How much money do you think you'll need to complete this project?
How much money do you think you'll need to do that?
How much money do you think you'll need?
How much money do you think you'll spend in Australia?
How much money do you think you'll spend in Boston?
How much money do you usually carry?
How much money do you usually have on you?
How much money do you usually spend on food each month?
How much money do you want to earn?
How much money do you want?
How much money does Mennad have?
How much money does Tom have left?
How much money does Tom have?
How much money does Tom make a month?
How much money does Tom make?
How much money does Tom need to borrow?
How much money does Tom owe you?
How much money does Tom save a month?
How much money does Tom spend a month?
How much money does a basement window like that cost?
How much money does a carpenter make?
How much money does a plumber make?
How much money does a teacher make?
How much money does he have?
How much money does he make a month?
How much money does he possess?
How much money does the average Canadian spend on junk food?
How much money does your company spend on research?
How much money has Tom stolen from you?
How much money has Tom stolen so far?
How much money has Tom stolen?
How much money has been spent on building the museum?
How much money has been stolen in Algeria?
How much money has gone missing in Algeria?
How much money have they reinvested in the community?
How much money have you donated?
How much money have you earned so far?
How much money have you got in that shoe box?
How much money have you got?
How much money have you made so far?
How much money have you obtained?
How much money have you saved so far?
How much money have you saved?
How much money have you stolen so far?
How much money have you stolen?
How much money he inherited!
How much money is in my savings account?
How much money is in your bank account right now?
How much money is left?
How much money is lost?
How much money is trading hands in Algeria?
How much money should I give Tom?
How much money should I give this beggar?
How much money should I take along with me?
How much money should I take with me?
How much money was actually lost?
How much money was actually stolen?
How much money was saved in preparation for the summer vacation?
How much money was stolen?
How much money will I need?
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?
How much money will it cost us to get that book translated?
How much money will it cost?
How much money will it take to do that?
How much money will that take?
How much money will we have to spend to have someone do that for us?
How much money will we need?
How much money will you need?
How much money would you like to withdraw?
How much money would you need?
How much money you would like to withdraw?
How much money?
How much more ammunition do you need?
How much more can Tom take?
How much more can we conserve?
How much more do I have to pay?
How much more do they expect us to take?
How much more do they want?
How much more do we have to do before we can go home?
How much more do we have to do?
How much more do we have to suffer?
How much more do we need to do today?
How much more do we need to do?
How much more do we need?
How much more do you think it'll cost?
How much more does Tom expect us to take?
How much more does Tom want?
How much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location?
How much more evidence is needed?
How much more food is there?
How much more help do you think you'll need?
How much more involved can you get?
How much more is there?
How much more money do Tom and Mary need?
How much more money do Tom and Mary want to borrow?
How much more money do Tom and Mary want?
How much more money do we have?
How much more money do we need to spend to complete this project?
How much more money do we need?
How much more money do you need?
How much more money do you require?
How much more money do you think you'll need?
How much more money does Tom need?
How much more money does Tom want to borrow?
How much more money does Tom want?
How much more money is it going to cost to finish building our house?
How much more money will you need?
How much more money would it cost to buy the larger size?
How much more must we suffer?
How much more of this can Tom take?
How much more of this do we need to do?
How much more of this do you think you can take?
How much more so for my father, the honourable Mr Jia, who is generous and chivalrous, anxious to help those in difficulty, deals with people’s problems, and helps people marry off their daughters and raise their sons; examples of these cannot be counted on one’s fingers. He spends money like dirt, much of it for other people.
How much more suffering can they endure?
How much more sugar do we have?
How much more support do we need?
How much more time do I have to complete doing this?
How much more time do I have?
How much more time do Tom and Mary want?
How much more time do we have left?
How much more time do we have to do this?
How much more time do we have to finish this?
How much more time do we have?
How much more time do we still have?
How much more time do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
How much more time do you estimate is needed to do that?
How much more time do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How much more time do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How much more time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How much more time do you estimate you'll need to do that?
How much more time do you estimate you'll need to finish doing that?
How much more time do you have to finish this?
How much more time do you need?
How much more time do you think Tom will have to do that?
How much more time do you think Tom will need to do that?
How much more time do you think is needed to do that?
How much more time do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How much more time do you think it'll take to do that?
How much more time do you think it'll take you to do that?
How much more time do you think this will take?
How much more time do you think you need to do that?
How much more time do you think you need to finish doing that?
How much more time do you think you'll have to do that?
How much more time do you think you'll need to do that?
How much more time do you think you'll need?
How much more time does Tom want?
How much more time is required?
How much more time will this take?
How much more time will we need?
How much more time will you need?
How much more water do we have?
How much more weight do you want to lose?
How much more weight does Tom want to lose?
How much more weight should I lose?
How much more wine should I buy?
How much more work do you have to do today?
How much more work do you have?
How much more?
How much must I pay?
How much must the Algerian government pay for that?
How much natural gas does Algeria consume?
How much natural gas does Algeria have?
How much of Algeria's budget is lost to corruption?
How much of Algeria's total workforce is working in the informal sector?
How much of Earth's land is farmable?
How much of Palestine do Zionists want?
How much of Tom's speech did you really understand?
How much of a concern is that?
How much of a discount can I expect?
How much of a discount can you give me?
How much of a discount can you give?
How much of a discount did they give you?
How much of a discount did you get?
How much of a discount do you think I can get?
How much of a discount do you think we can get?
How much of a help are you to your parents?
How much of a help are your parents?
How much of a hurry are you in?
How much of a return did you get on your investment?
How much of an advantage is it?
How much of an advantage is that going to be for you?
How much of an effect does music have on our personality?
How much of an impact did that have on the result?
How much of it do you need?
How much of it is left?
How much of my portfolio should I invest in stocks?
How much of our body is water?
How much of the Algerian government's revenue comes from taxes?
How much of the Earth's oil reserves does Algeria hold?
How much of the conversation did you hear?
How much of the stew is left?
How much of these will you need to finish the project?
How much of this are you responsible for?
How much of this did you drink?
How much of this did you know beforehand?
How much of this did you write yourself?
How much of this did you write?
How much of this do you want to keep?
How much of this does Tom know?
How much of this is Tom's fault?
How much of this should I tell Tom?
How much of this stuff did you buy yourself?
How much of this stuff did you buy?
How much of this stuff do you want to keep?
How much of this stuff is Tom's and yours?
How much of this stuff is Tom's?
How much of this stuff is yours?
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
How much of what I’ve written here do you understand?
How much of what Tom said did you understand?
How much of what Tom said do you believe?
How much of what Tom said do you think is true?
How much of what Tom said was true?
How much of what you just told me did you tell Tom?
How much of winning an election is down to looks?
How much of your own autonomy are you ceding to these people?
How much oil do you need?
How much oil does Algeria have?
How much oil does Algeria produce annually?
How much oil does Australia import?
How much oil does Australia use?
How much oil has actually been spilled?
How much oil has spilled so far?
How much oil is spilled into the ocean every year?
How much older are you than me?
How much older are you than your wife?
How much older is Tom than Mary?
How much orange juice do you want me to buy?
How much overtime do you have this month?
How much pain the evils have cost us that have never happened.
How much paint does Tom need?
How much paper do we need?
How much paper do you need?
How much paper do you want?
How much paper you waste!
How much per kilo for excess?
How much petrol did you have to put in the tank?
How much petrol is left in the tank?
How much physical activity have you been doing? Are you satisfied with it?
How much pie did Tom eat?
How much pie did you eat?
How much pie is left?
How much pizza do we have left?
How much plumbers get paid is a matter of supply and demand.
How much pocket money do you get from your parents?
How much pocket money do your parents give you?
How much power can the rocket generate?
How much power do we have available?
How much prison time do I get for stealing a limo?
How much profit do you expect?
How much progress have you made?
How much property does Tom own?
How much property does the landlord own?
How much public money has been spent on that project?
How much pushing force should you apply to move this 30-kg wooden box?
How much radiation are we absorbing every day?
How much radon is there?
How much rejoicing there was!
How much rent do you have to pay?
How much rent do you pay a month?
How much rent do you pay every month?
How much rent do you pay for the apartment?
How much rent do you pay?
How much rent does Tom charge you?
How much rest do you need?
How much revenue are we talking about?
How much rice did you buy?
How much rice do you eat a week?
How much rice do you eat every day?
How much room is there to expand?
How much rope do you need?
How much salt a day is safe?
How much salt did you add?
How much salt did you put in the stew?
How much salt did you put in this soup?
How much salt do babies and children need?
How much salt do you need?
How much salt has to go in the rice?
How much salt is too much salt?
How much salt should I add?
How much salt's got to go in the rice?
How much sand is in the bucket?
How much sand is there in the bucket?
How much severance pay did you get?
How much severance pay will we have to pay Tom?
How much she laughs, she completely refuses to stop laughing.
How much should I allow for travel expenses?
How much should I be feeding my dog?
How much should I feed my dog?
How much should I give Tom?
How much should I give her?
How much should I give him?
How much should I leave for a tip?
How much should I pay Tom to do that?
How much should I pay Tom to help me paint my garage?
How much should I pay today?
How much should I pay?
How much should I tip?
How much should I trust Tom?
How much should I trust them?
How much should my daughter be eating?
How much should teachers be paid?
How much should they be paid?
How much should they get?
How much should we pay Tom?
How much should we pay?
How much should we tip her?
How much should we tip him?
How much should we trust government?
How much should you exercise?
How much should you save?
How much should you walk?
How much sleep did you get last night?
How much sleep do you get?
How much sleep do you need every night?
How much sleep do you usually get every night?
How much sleep do you usually get?
How much sleep should you get?
How much snow did you get in Boston?
How much snow do you think we'll get?
How much snow fell?
How much snow have you had?
How much snow is there at your place?
How much soap do we need?
How much space do you need?
How much space does it take?
How much space does the building occupy?
How much stew did you make?
How much stew is left?
How much stock do you own?
How much storage space do you need?
How much storage space is needed?
How much string do you need?
How much stuff have you accumulated over the years?
How much success are you able to achieve in life?
How much sugar are you going to buy?
How much sugar did you add?
How much sugar did you buy?
How much sugar do we actually consume?
How much sugar do we need?
How much sugar do you eat every day?
How much sugar do you put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you put in your tea?
How much sugar do you think the average person consume every day?
How much sugar do you use?
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you want in your coffee?
How much sugar do you want me to put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you want?
How much sugar does Algeria consume per capita?
How much sugar does Algeria consume?
How much sugar does Algeria import?
How much sugar does Algeria produce?
How much sugar is healthy?
How much sugar is left?
How much sugar should I buy?
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?
How much sun is enough for you?
How much sunshine does Algeria receive every year?
How much support did Tom have?
How much support did Tom need?
How much support did you get?
How much support do we have?
How much support do you have?
How much support do you need?
How much support do you think Tom needs?
How much support does Tom have?
How much support will we have?
How much tea do you drink every day?
How much tea do you drink?
How much thinner do you want to be?
How much thrust can the engine produce?
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don’t make you any money?
How much time and money would we save?
How much time are we going to save?
How much time are you going to stay in Australia?
How much time are you going to stay in Boston?
How much time are you going to stay in France?
How much time are you planning on being at the library?
How much time before dinner?
How much time did Tom have for it?
How much time did it take Mary to clean her room?
How much time did it take Tom and Mary to clean their rooms?
How much time did it take Tom to clean his room?
How much time did it take Tom to do that?
How much time did it take Tom to hang up the laundry?
How much time did it take to do that?
How much time did it take to hang up the laundry?
How much time did it take to you to swim to the island?
How much time did it take up?
How much time did it take you to come up with this plan?
How much time did it take you to do that?
How much time did it take you to do the route?
How much time did it take you to hang up the laundry?
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well?
How much time did we lose?
How much time did you need for that?
How much time did you save?
How much time did you spend at Tom's?
How much time did you spend at the zoo?
How much time did you spend building this?
How much time did you spend doing research before you started writing?
How much time did you spend doing that?
How much time did you spend on doing that?
How much time did you spend on it?
How much time do I have left?
How much time do I have to answer?
How much time do I have to decide?
How much time do I have to do that?
How much time do I have to respond?
How much time do I have?
How much time do I need?
How much time do Tom and Mary have?
How much time do adults spend watching television every day?
How much time do we have before dinner?
How much time do we have before the movie starts?
How much time do we have before we leave?
How much time do we have left?
How much time do we have to do this?
How much time do we have to finish this?
How much time do we have?
How much time do we need to terraform Mars?
How much time do we need?
How much time do we save?
How much time do we still have?
How much time do you actually spend thinking about the future?
How much time do you devote to listening to English?
How much time do you estimate Tom will need to build a doghouse?
How much time do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
How much time do you estimate is needed to do that?
How much time do you estimate it'll take Tom to build a doghouse?
How much time do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
How much time do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How much time do you estimate you need to do that?
How much time do you estimate you'll need to do that?
How much time do you give us to complete the test?
How much time do you have before you have to leave?
How much time do you have left?
How much time do you have?
How much time do you intend to stay in Boston?
How much time do you intend to stay in Oxford?
How much time do you need for the preparation?
How much time do you need to make yourself up?
How much time do you need to repair it?
How much time do you need?
How much time do you plan to spend on this?
How much time do you provide for completing the test?
How much time do you spend a week doing fun things with your children?
How much time do you spend at the gym every week?
How much time do you spend cleaning your house?
How much time do you spend each week studying French?
How much time do you spend every day doing household chores?
How much time do you spend every day helping your children with their homework?
How much time do you spend every day on public transportation?
How much time do you spend every day sitting in front of a computer?
How much time do you spend every day with your dog?
How much time do you spend getting ready for work each day?
How much time do you spend getting ready for work every day?
How much time do you spend in the library?
How much time do you spend in the mosque?
How much time do you spend in the shower?
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
How much time do you spend on a computer?
How much time do you spend on homework every day?
How much time do you spend on the bus every day?
How much time do you spend on the phone every day?
How much time do you spend on your hair in the morning?
How much time do you spend online every day?
How much time do you spend online?
How much time do you spend playing games?
How much time do you spend reading just for fun?
How much time do you spend selecting the food that you will eat?
How much time do you spend shaving every day?
How much time do you spend shopping every week?
How much time do you spend studying French every day?
How much time do you spend studying French?
How much time do you spend watching TV every day?
How much time do you spend watching TV?
How much time do you spend with Tom?
How much time do you spend with your family?
How much time do you spend with your husband?
How much time do you spend with your spouse?
How much time do you think Tom will have to do that?
How much time do you think Tom will need to do that?
How much time do you think is needed to do that?
How much time do you think it would take to ride a bicycle to Boston?
How much time do you think it'll take Mary to finish her homework?
How much time do you think it'll take Tom and Mary to finish their homework?
How much time do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
How much time do you think it'll take Tom to finish his homework?
How much time do you think it'll take to do that?
How much time do you think it'll take you to do that?
How much time do you think that it'll take to do that?
How much time do you think we have left?
How much time do you think you need to do that?
How much time do you think you'll have to do that?
How much time do you think you'll need to do that?
How much time do you think you’ll need?
How much time do you want?
How much time does Tom have left?
How much time does Tom have?
How much time does Tom still have?
How much time does he have left?
How much time does it take to catch up?
How much time does it take to do that?
How much time does it take to get from A to B?
How much time does it take to get from here to the airport?
How much time does it take to master a foreign language?
How much time does it take you to walk a mile?
How much time does it take?
How much time does it usually take you to do your homework?
How much time does it usually take you to eat breakfast?
How much time does it usually take you to get dressed in the morning?
How much time does she need to translate this book?
How much time does that require?
How much time does that take?
How much time does the average teenager watch TV every day?
How much time every week do you spend doing fun stuff with your children?
How much time has elapsed?
How much time has passed since I last saw you?
How much time has passed since you wed?
How much time has passed?
How much time have we got left?
How much time have you spent abroad?
How much time have you spent discussing this topic?
How much time have you spent in Australia?
How much time have you spent in Boston?
How much time is Tom going to spend in Boston?
How much time is enough?
How much time is it going to take?
How much time is left for iftar?
How much time is left?
How much time per week do you spend reading materials of your own choice?
How much time will I need?
How much time will Tom spend in Boston?
How much time will it really take to do that?
How much time will it take Tom to do that?
How much time will it take Tom to hang up the laundry?
How much time will it take to catch up?
How much time will it take to do that?
How much time will it take to do this?
How much time will it take to get to Boston?
How much time will it take us to do that?
How much time will it take you to do that?
How much time will it take you to hang up the laundry?
How much time will it take?
How much time will she spend at Pierre's?
How much time will that take?
How much time will this take?
How much time will we have to do that?
How much time will we have?
How much time will we need?
How much time will you be in Australia?
How much time will you be in Boston?
How much time will you give us to do that?
How much time will you need to do that?
How much time will you need to repair it?
How much time will you need?
How much time will you spend at Tom's?
How much time would I save by taking the express train to the airport versus taking a taxi?
How much time would it take me to learn how to drive a car?
How much time would it take me to learn to drive a car?
How much time would it take you to do that?
How much time, more or less, does it take to walk from here to the town hall?
How much time, on average, does a teenager spend watching TV each day?
How much traffic does your website have?
How much trouble am I in?
How much trouble would it be to do that?
How much vodka can you drink, Vladimir?
How much vodka does it take to kill you?
How much was Tom able to buy?
How much was Tom making on his last job?
How much was it costing you per month to send Tom to boarding school?
How much was it?
How much was the additional charge?
How much was the bill?
How much was the departure fee this year?
How much was the discount?
How much was the ticket?
How much was this ring?
How much was this umbrella?
How much was your new computer?
How much water can this sponge absorb?
How much water can this towel absorb?
How much water did you drink this morning?
How much water did you drink today?
How much water do we have left?
How much water do you drink a day?
How much water do you drink every day?
How much water do you have?
How much water do you normally drink in a day?
How much water does it take to fill up your swimming pool?
How much water does it take to fill your bathtub?
How much water does it take to fill your swimming pool?
How much water does ivy require?
How much water does this bottle hold?
How much water does this bucket hold?
How much water is in the bucket?
How much water is in the glass?
How much water is left in the tank?
How much water is left?
How much water is there?
How much we pay you depends on your skill.
How much we still have to pay for peace is a riddle.
How much weight did you lose?
How much weight do you want to lose?
How much weight has Tom gained?
How much weight has Tom lost?
How much weight have you gained?
How much weight have you lost so far?
How much weight have you lost?
How much weight should I lose?
How much weight will I put on during my pregnancy?
How much were the glasses?
How much were the train tickets?
How much were those glasses?
How much were you paid to do that?
How much were you paid to say that?
How much wheat does each field yield?
How much will Algeria's Green Dam project cost?
How much will Algeria's economy expand this year?
How much will I be paid?
How much will I get paid?
How much will I pay for 3 minutes to Poland?
How much will I pay for NHS dental treatment?
How much will I receive?
How much will Tom get paid?
How much will Tom have to pay for it?
How much will Tom pay you to do that?
How much will a graduate degree cost?
How much will all that cost?
How much will all the treatments cost?
How much will all this cost?
How much will college cost?
How much will it all cost?
How much will it be?
How much will it cost and who will pay for it?
How much will it cost by sea mail?
How much will it cost me to have my windshield replaced?
How much will it cost me?
How much will it cost taxpayers?
How much will it cost to build?
How much will it cost to buy that comic book?
How much will it cost to fix the car?
How much will it cost to get a dental cleaning?
How much will it cost to get there by bus?
How much will it cost to get to the airport?
How much will it cost to have my car washed?
How much will it cost to have my shoes repaired?
How much will it cost to mend this skirt?
How much will it cost us to do that?
How much will it cost you fly to Australia?
How much will it cost you fly to Boston?
How much will it cost you to go by air?
How much will it cost?
How much will it sell for?
How much will my monthly car payments be?
How much will surgery cost?
How much will that cost you?
How much will that cost?
How much will that set me back?
How much will the Green Dam cost Algeria?
How much will the cruise cost?
How much will the operation cost?
How much will the reconstruction cost?
How much will the ticket for the pianist's concert cost?
How much will the toll be?
How much will the treatment cost?
How much will they pay for the two cooldrinks?
How much will this cost Algeria?
How much will this cost me?
How much will this cost us?
How much will this cost?
How much will this experience help you next year?
How much will this project cost?
How much will we have to pay to stay there?
How much will we have to pay?
How much will we need to pay?
How much will we pay?
How much will you allow me for this?
How much will you be paying me?
How much will you charge me for the suit?
How much will you get paid?
How much will you get?
How much will you give me for my guitar?
How much will you give me for this?
How much will you give me if I fix the pipes?
How much will you give me?
How much will you have to pay?
How much will you pay me if I fix the plumbing?
How much will you pay me?
How much will you pay us to do that?
How much will you pay us?
How much wine did Tom drink?
How much wine did you buy?
How much wine did you drink?
How much wine do we have left?
How much wine do you drink every week?
How much wine do you have?
How much wine do you think Tom drinks every day?
How much wine do you want me to buy?
How much wine is left?
How much wine should I buy?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How much wood did Tom chop?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck would chuck wood? A woodchuck would chuck how much a woodchuck would chuck if a woodchuck would chuck wood.
How much work do you have to do today?
How much work still needs to be done?
How much worse can it get?
How much worse is it?
How much would I have to pay for it?
How much would I have to pay?
How much would a meat fritter and a cold Coca-Cola cost?
How much would a million one-dollar bills weigh?
How much would a new kitchen cost?
How much would it be to rent this house?
How much would it cost me to go to the airport by taxi?
How much would it cost me to have my house painted?
How much would it cost me to repair my windshield?
How much would it cost to get a locksmith to unlock my car?
How much would it cost to replace the head gasket on this car?
How much would it cost to send this package by airmail to Australia?
How much would that cost?
How much would you be willing to pay for me to do that?
How much would you be willing to sacrifice for the love of your life?
How much would you be willing to sell that for?
How much would you charge me to do my laundry for me?
How much would you charge me to do that?
How much would you charge me to paint my house?
How much would you charge to do that for me?
How much would you charge to paint my house?
How much would you charge to repair this stereo?
How much would you charge to repair this?
How much would you have to pay?
How much would you like to earn?
How much would you like?
How much would you pay for something like that?
How much would you pay for something like this?
How much would you pay for this?
How much would you pay me to do it?
How much would you pay me to do that?
How much would you pay me?
How much would you pay to park here?
How much would you pay us to do that?
How much would you pay?
How much would you sell this to me for?
How much would you want to pay for the tour?
How much yarn does this sweater require?
How much yarn is necessary for this sweater?
How much yarn would be necessary to make a sweater like that?
How much yogurt did Tom eat?
How much yogurt did you buy?
How much yogurt did you eat?
How much yogurt do you want me to buy?
How much yogurt should I buy?
How much you tell Tom is up to you.
How much you want to get paid?
How much younger are you than your husband?
How much younger is Tom than Mary?
How much, or what parts of the books called the New Testament, were written by the persons whose names they bear, is what we can know nothing of, neither are we certain in what language they were originally written.
How much, sir, are five bitter melons?
How much?
How much? This much.
How my poor heart aches!
How naive I was to think that.
How naive do you think I am?
How naive you are.
How naive.
How narrow is the gate, and strait is the way that leadeth to life: and few there are that find it!
How naughty you are! Stop bothering me!
How near is Tom?
How nerve-wracking will it be for you?
How nervous are you?
How nervous were you?
How new are your windshield wipers?
How nice it was to have the poetic beauty of her sentences in Tatoeba!
How nice it'd be if we only felt happy.
How nice my love is!
How nice of Monica.
How nice of Noriko.
How nice of you to come in on your day off.
How nice of you to come!
How nice of you to come.
How nice of you to invite me along!
How nice of you!
How nice that we finally get to know each other!
How nice that you’ll get to see your nephews again soon, after such a long time!
How nice this cup is!
How nice to be in Australia again!
How nice to be in Hawaii again!
How nice to see you again, Tom.
How nice to see you again.
How nice to see you up and about again so soon!
How nice!
How nice.
How noisy he is!
How noisy this street is!
How not to fall in love with this Kabyle dress?
How odd to find a spice that works well in both cookies and curry! I'll have to experiment more with using cardamom.
How odd!
How odd.
How often a month do you go to the movies?
How often a week do you take a bath?
How often and how much should I feed my dog?
How often are Tom and Mary late for appointments?
How often are Tom and Mary late for school?
How often are Tom and Mary late for work?
How often are letters delivered here?
How often are you able to do that?
How often are you able to go downtown?
How often are you able to play volleyball with your friends?
How often are you here?
How often are you in Australia?
How often are you in Boston?
How often are you in town?
How often are you late for appointments?
How often are you late for school?
How often are you late for work?
How often are you sick?
How often are you supposed to do that?
How often are you there?
How often can I have a free NHS sight test?
How often can you do that?
How often can you go into town?
How often can you travel into town?
How often did Tom and Mary do that?
How often did Tom come here?
How often did Tom do that?
How often did they go abroad?
How often did you do that when you were a teenager?
How often did you go swimming last summer?
How often did you go to the dentist when you were a child?
How often did you go to the dentist when you were a kid?
How often did you play basketball when you were in high school?
How often did you swim when you were an elementary school student?
How often did you use to go there?
How often did you visit Kyoto?
How often do I get asked out on a date?
How often do I have to tell you?
How often do Tom and Mary come here?
How often do Tom and Mary do that?
How often do Tom and Mary eat dinner at your house?
How often do Tom and Mary eat dinner with you?
How often do Tom and Mary go dancing?
How often do Tom and Mary go downtown?
How often do Tom and Mary go to Boston?
How often do Tom and Mary go to parties?
How often do Tom and Mary have parties?
How often do Tom and Mary play tennis?
How often do Tom and Mary wear that scarves you gave them?
How often do Tom and Mary win?
How often do bus hijackings occur?
How often do buses come?
How often do doctors misdiagnose medical conditions?
How often do pilots get to see their families?
How often do pilots have to renew their licenses?
How often do the buses come?
How often do the buses depart?
How often do the buses run in an hour?
How often do the buses run?
How often do the shuttle buses run?
How often do trains run?
How often do wiper blades need to be replaced?
How often do you add audio?
How often do you and Tom fight?
How often do you and Tom hang out together?
How often do you and Tom see each other?
How often do you and Tom spend time together?
How often do you and your family go camping?
How often do you ask others for advice?
How often do you attend religious services?
How often do you attend sporting events?
How often do you back up your hard drive?
How often do you bake cakes?
How often do you bathe?
How often do you borrow money?
How often do you break the rules?
How often do you brush your dog?
How often do you brush your teeth?
How often do you buy a toothbrush?
How often do you buy beverages in plastic bottles?
How often do you buy bottled water?
How often do you buy bread?
How often do you buy clothes online?
How often do you buy clothes?
How often do you buy eggs?
How often do you buy flowers?
How often do you buy new clothes for your children?
How often do you buy new clothes?
How often do you call Tom?
How often do you call your mother?
How often do you call your parents?
How often do you change jobs?
How often do you change the air filter in your car?
How often do you change the strings on your guitar?
How often do you change your air filter?
How often do you change your filter?
How often do you change your guitar strings?
How often do you change your hairstyle?
How often do you change your oil filter?
How often do you change your password?
How often do you change your passwords?
How often do you change your razor blade?
How often do you change your windshield wipers?
How often do you check your email?
How often do you check your messages?
How often do you check your smartphone?
How often do you clean out your closet?
How often do you clean your kitchen?
How often do you clean your room?
How often do you come here?
How often do you come to Australia?
How often do you come to Boston?
How often do you cook dinner?
How often do you cook?
How often do you do that by yourself?
How often do you do that with Tom?
How often do you do that?
How often do you do the dishes?
How often do you do things out of spite?
How often do you do this?
How often do you drink alcohol?
How often do you drink at home?
How often do you drink green tea?
How often do you drink herbal tea?
How often do you drink instant coffee?
How often do you drink tea?
How often do you drink?
How often do you eat Chinese food?
How often do you eat at Chuck's Diner?
How often do you eat at an expensive restaurant?
How often do you eat breakfast in bed?
How often do you eat brown rice?
How often do you eat caviar?
How often do you eat cereal for breakfast?
How often do you eat cheese?
How often do you eat chocolate?
How often do you eat cookies?
How often do you eat fast food?
How often do you eat fish?
How often do you eat food that you don't like?
How often do you eat food you don't like?
How often do you eat fruit?
How often do you eat ice cream?
How often do you eat in the kitchen?
How often do you eat junk food?
How often do you eat lentil soup?
How often do you eat lunch with Tom?
How often do you eat meat?
How often do you eat mushrooms?
How often do you eat out?
How often do you eat persimmons?
How often do you eat pizza?
How often do you eat pork?
How often do you eat pudding?
How often do you eat rice?
How often do you eat this?
How often do you eat vegetables?
How often do you eat with Tom?
How often do you eat with your family?
How often do you edit your profile?
How often do you exercise?
How often do you feed the fish?
How often do you feel this pain or complaint each day?
How often do you fill up your car?
How often do you find things like this?
How often do you forget to do your homework?
How often do you get a chance to really laugh or be silly and have fun?
How often do you get a haircut?
How often do you get back to Boston?
How often do you get headaches?
How often do you get sick?
How often do you get snow here?
How often do you get to do that?
How often do you get to see your children?
How often do you get up early enough to see the sunrise?
How often do you get your hair cut?
How often do you give advice to people you don't know?
How often do you give blood?
How often do you give your dog a bath?
How often do you go abroad?
How often do you go camping with your family?
How often do you go camping?
How often do you go clothes shopping?
How often do you go dancing?
How often do you go downtown?
How often do you go drinking with your friends?
How often do you go drinking?
How often do you go fishing?
How often do you go for a walk in the park?
How often do you go hiking?
How often do you go hunting?
How often do you go jogging?
How often do you go mountain climbing?
How often do you go out for dinner?
How often do you go out with your friends?
How often do you go out?
How often do you go sailing with Tom?
How often do you go sailing?
How often do you go shopping?
How often do you go skiing every year?
How often do you go skiing?
How often do you go surfing?
How often do you go swimming in the sea each summer?
How often do you go swimming with Tom?
How often do you go swimming with your friends?
How often do you go swimming?
How often do you go there?
How often do you go to Australia with Tom?
How often do you go to Australia?
How often do you go to Boston with Tom?
How often do you go to Boston?
How often do you go to Tom's?
How often do you go to a hospital or a clinic?
How often do you go to a hospital?
How often do you go to bed early?
How often do you go to church?
How often do you go to concerts?
How often do you go to dances?
How often do you go to movies?
How often do you go to museums?
How often do you go to parties?
How often do you go to the beach?
How often do you go to the cinema?
How often do you go to the dentist?
How often do you go to the gym?
How often do you go to the library?
How often do you go to the movies every month?
How often do you go to the movies?
How often do you go to the park?
How often do you go to the pool?
How often do you go to the post office?
How often do you go to the zoo?
How often do you hang out with Tom?
How often do you have a shower?
How often do you have headaches?
How often do you have nightmares?
How often do you have parties?
How often do you have sex?
How often do you have to charge your mobile?
How often do you have to pay for parking?
How often do you have to see the dentist?
How often do you have your piano lessons?
How often do you hear from Tom?
How often do you hear from your parents?
How often do you hear that?
How often do you hear wolves howling at night?
How often do you help Tom with his homework?
How often do you hug your children?
How often do you leave work early?
How often do you like to go to the beach?
How often do you listen to audiobooks?
How often do you listen to classical music?
How often do you listen to new music?
How often do you look at yourself in a mirror?
How often do you look at yourself in the mirror?
How often do you lose things?
How often do you masturbate?
How often do you mow the lawn?
How often do you mow your lawn?
How often do you nap?
How often do you play basketball?
How often do you play chess?
How often do you play golf?
How often do you play hockey?
How often do you play sports?
How often do you play tennis?
How often do you play the drums?
How often do you play the piano?
How often do you play video games?
How often do you play volleyball?
How often do you play with your children?
How often do you practice basketball?
How often do you practice sports?
How often do you practice the piano?
How often do you practice?
How often do you read French books?
How often do you read books in French?
How often do you read books written in French?
How often do you read books?
How often do you read comic books?
How often do you read your Bible?
How often do you replace your toothbrush?
How often do you replace your windshield wipers?
How often do you ride a bicycle?
How often do you ride your bicycle?
How often do you ride your bike?
How often do you ride your motorcycle?
How often do you run into Tom?
How often do you see Tanaka?
How often do you see Tom?
How often do you see double-yolk eggs?
How often do you see ducks around here?
How often do you see each other?
How often do you see her?
How often do you see him?
How often do you see wolves around here?
How often do you see your children?
How often do you see your godparents?
How often do you shampoo your hair?
How often do you sharpen your knife?
How often do you sharpen your pencil?
How often do you shave your beard?
How often do you shave your legs?
How often do you shave?
How often do you shine your shoes?
How often do you shower?
How often do you ski?
How often do you skip breakfast?
How often do you snuggle with your cat?
How often do you speak French?
How often do you speak to each other?
How often do you stay at a hotel?
How often do you stay up all night?
How often do you stay up past 1:00am?
How often do you stay up past midnight?
How often do you study English at school?
How often do you study French?
How often do you study with your friends?
How often do you swim now?
How often do you take a bubble bath?
How often do you take a shower?
How often do you take naps during the day?
How often do you take that medicine I gave you?
How often do you take trips?
How often do you take your dog to the vet?
How often do you take your medicine?
How often do you talk to Tom?
How often do you talk to your parents?
How often do you talk with your parents?
How often do you think about the Roman Empire?
How often do you think that happens?
How often do you think that'll happen?
How often do you think we should do this?
How often do you think you'll be able to come here?
How often do you think you'll come back here after you graduate?
How often do you think you'll do that?
How often do you think you'll go swimming next summer?
How often do you travel?
How often do you trim your palm trees?
How often do you try to go to bed early?
How often do you update your website?
How often do you upload videos to YouTube?
How often do you use a calculator?
How often do you use a computer?
How often do you use it?
How often do you use taxis?
How often do you use the Internet?
How often do you use the camera on your smartphone?
How often do you use these tools?
How often do you use this pan?
How often do you use this tent?
How often do you use this?
How often do you use toll roads?
How often do you use your camera?
How often do you use your chain saw?
How often do you use your oven?
How often do you use your phone?
How often do you use your pressure cooker?
How often do you use your rowboat?
How often do you use your surfboard?
How often do you use your telephone?
How often do you use your tent?
How often do you visit Australia?
How often do you visit Boston?
How often do you visit your family?
How often do you visit your grandparents?
How often do you visit your parents?
How often do you visit your relatives?
How often do you walk home?
How often do you walk your dog?
How often do you wash clothes?
How often do you wash the dishes?
How often do you wash your bed sheets?
How often do you wash your car a month?
How often do you wash your car?
How often do you wash your clothes?
How often do you wash your dog?
How often do you wash your gym clothes?
How often do you wash your hair?
How often do you wash your hands?
How often do you wash your jeans?
How often do you wash your sheets?
How often do you wash your towels?
How often do you watch TV?
How often do you watch cooking shows?
How often do you watch the news?
How often do you water these plants?
How often do you water your garden?
How often do you water your lawn?
How often do you wax your skis?
How often do you wear a hat?
How often do you wear a sweater?
How often do you wear a uniform?
How often do you wear boots?
How often do you wear jewellery?
How often do you wear jewelry?
How often do you wear these shoes?
How often do you work here?
How often do you work out?
How often do you write a letter to your mother each month?
How often do you write letters in French?
How often do you write thank-you notes?
How often does Mary wear that scarf you gave her?
How often does Tom agree?
How often does Tom attend church?
How often does Tom come here?
How often does Tom come home?
How often does Tom cook dinner?
How often does Tom do that?
How often does Tom eat dinner at your house?
How often does Tom eat dinner with you?
How often does Tom get a haircut?
How often does Tom get his hair cut?
How often does Tom get sick?
How often does Tom go abroad?
How often does Tom go downtown?
How often does Tom go to Australia on business?
How often does Tom go to Australia?
How often does Tom go to Boston on business?
How often does Tom go to Boston?
How often does Tom go to parties?
How often does Tom go to school?
How often does Tom hang up the laundry?
How often does Tom have parties?
How often does Tom help Mary with her homework?
How often does Tom help you take care of the children?
How often does Tom help you wash the dishes?
How often does Tom play hockey?
How often does Tom play tennis?
How often does Tom ride a bicycle?
How often does Tom see Mary?
How often does Tom set the table?
How often does Tom snore?
How often does Tom speak French?
How often does Tom take French lessons?
How often does Tom use a ruler?
How often does Tom use his sailboat?
How often does Tom visit his parents?
How often does Tom visit you?
How often does Tom wear that scarf you gave him?
How often does Tom wear that tie Mary gave him?
How often does Tom wear that tie you gave him?
How often does Tom win?
How often does Tom's snoring keep you awake?
How often does Tom's snoring wake you up?
How often does go out in the evenings?
How often does he take part in training?
How often does inspiration strike you?
How often does it rain here?
How often does it rain in Boston?
How often does it rain in England?
How often does it snow here?
How often does that happen at this time of year?
How often does that happen?
How often does the average Canadian go to a doctor?
How often does the average Canadian see a doctor?
How often does the bus run?
How often does the committee meet?
How often does the post come?
How often does the train go to Stockholm?
How often does this happen?
How often does this newspaper come out?
How often does your father come home early?
How often does your father cook dinner?
How often does your mother have you go to the supermarket to buy bread?
How often does your sister visit you?
How often have you been here?
How often have you been ill in the past year?
How often have you been there?
How often have you been to Europe?
How often have you been vomiting?
How often have you done that?
How often have you seen happiness in your life?
How often have you tried?
How often he is taking part in trainings?
How often in a week do you do something exciting with your child?
How often is 'ustedes' used in Spain?
How often is Tom late for appointments?
How often is Tom late for school?
How often is Tom late for work?
How often is it necessary to feed your pet?
How often is the mailbox emptied?
How often should I change my car's oil and filter?
How often should I change my car's oil and oil filter?
How often should I change the cat litter?
How often should I feed my dog?
How often should I get an oil change?
How often should I take this medicine?
How often should I wash my towels?
How often should towels be washed?
How often should you change the air filter in your car?
How often should you wash your hair?
How often should your rake leaves?
How often try to help others?
How often we take for granted our gift of life. We destroy ourselves to impress others who wouldn't notice us anyway.
How often were you sick when you were in junior high school?
How often would you guys call each other?
How often you get a chance to do something like this?
How often, in a week, do you take a bath?
How often?
How old am I?
How old are Tom and Mary now?
How old are Tom and Mary?
How old are Tom's children?
How old are Tom's kids?
How old are Tom's parents?
How old are Tom's sisters?
How old are her parents, I wonder?
How old are her parents?
How old are his parents, I wonder?
How old are his parents?
How old are the children?
How old are the kids?
How old are the tires on your car?
How old are the tyres on your car?
How old are they now?
How old are they, actually?
How old are they?
How old are you and how much do you weigh?
How old are you and what's your name?
How old are you anyway?
How old are you anyways?
How old are you both?
How old are you guys?
How old are you in fact? Thirty one or thirty two years old?
How old are you now, Tom?
How old are you now, child?
How old are you now, sir?
How old are you now?
How old are you really?
How old are you really? Don't lie to me.
How old are you, Michele?
How old are you, Tom?
How old are you, anyway?
How old are you?
How old are you? I'm twenty-six years old.
How old are you? I'm twenty-six.
How old are your brothers and sisters?
How old are your brothers?
How old are your car tyres?
How old are your children now?
How old are your children?
How old are your cousins?
How old are your daughters?
How old are your kids now?
How old are your kids?
How old are your parents?
How old are your sisters?
How old are your sons?
How old could Tom be?
How old did Mary say she was?
How old did Tom and Mary say they were?
How old did Tom say Mary was?
How old did Tom say he was?
How old did you say Tom and Mary were?
How old did you say Tom was?
How old do I look to you?
How old do I look?
How old do you have to be in Australia to be able to drink?
How old do you have to be to buy medicine?
How old do you have to be to drive a car?
How old do you have to be to get married without your parents' permission?
How old do you think I am?
How old do you think I look?
How old do you think Tom and Mary are?
How old do you think Tom is?
How old do you think he is?
How old do you think my brother is?
How old do you think she is?
How old do you think that that tree is?
How old do you think that this tree is?
How old do you think that tree is?
How old do you think this tree is?
How old do you think those trees are?
How old do you think you'll live to be?
How old does my brother look?
How old he is!
How old is Algeria?
How old is Donald Trump?
How old is Esperanto?
How old is Hasan?
How old is Joe Biden?
How old is Kabylia?
How old is Laurie?
How old is Mary?
How old is Mom?
How old is Papa Smurf?
How old is Tatoeba?
How old is Tom Jackson now?
How old is Tom anyway?
How old is Tom now?
How old is Tom's son?
How old is Tom's wife?
How old is Tom, anyway?
How old is Tom?
How old is Tony?
How old is he now?
How old is he then?
How old is he, then?
How old is he?
How old is he? How many siblings has he? How much does he weigh? How much does his father make?
How old is her son?
How old is his sister?
How old is his son?
How old is our planet?
How old is she now?
How old is she?
How old is that boy?
How old is that church?
How old is that dog?
How old is that hat?
How old is that house?
How old is that painting?
How old is that?
How old is the Bible?
How old is the Eiffel Tower?
How old is the boy?
How old is the building?
How old is the captain?
How old is the dog?
How old is the ewe?
How old is the general?
How old is the hardware?
How old is the house?
How old is the lead singer?
How old is the moon?
How old is the oldest one?
How old is the oldest person you know?
How old is the son of Mary?
How old is the tree?
How old is the universe?
How old is the zoo?
How old is their son?
How old is this TV?
How old is this aeroplane?
How old is this airplane?
How old is this book?
How old is this bread?
How old is this bridge?
How old is this building?
How old is this car?
How old is this castle?
How old is this church?
How old is this computer?
How old is this dog?
How old is this ewe?
How old is this guitar?
How old is this hatchet?
How old is this hospital?
How old is this house?
How old is this lawn mower?
How old is this museum?
How old is this palace?
How old is this piano?
How old is this pickup truck?
How old is this place?
How old is this plane?
How old is this rock?
How old is this stuff?
How old is this temple?
How old is this tree?
How old is this truck?
How old is this umbrella?
How old is this vacuum cleaner?
How old is this vine?
How old is this wine?
How old is this zoo?
How old is this?
How old is too old?
How old is your TV?
How old is your apartment building?
How old is your apartment?
How old is your bicycle?
How old is your boy?
How old is your boyfriend?
How old is your brother?
How old is your car?
How old is your cat?
How old is your child?
How old is your computer?
How old is your cousin?
How old is your daughter?
How old is your dog?
How old is your elder son?
How old is your eldest son?
How old is your father?
How old is your fridge?
How old is your friend’s dog?
How old is your friend’s mother?
How old is your girl?
How old is your grandfather?
How old is your grandma?
How old is your grandmother?
How old is your grandpa?
How old is your grandson?
How old is your great-grandmother?
How old is your guitar?
How old is your guys' grandmother?
How old is your home?
How old is your house?
How old is your little brother?
How old is your little sister?
How old is your mother?
How old is your older brother?
How old is your oldest son?
How old is your refrigerator?
How old is your school?
How old is your sister?
How old is your son?
How old is your umbrella?
How old is your uncle?
How old is your washing machine?
How old is your wife?
How old is your younger son?
How old might her grandfather be?
How old might his grandfather be?
How old might their grandfather be?
How old might your father be?
How old must a child be to be able to stay at home alone?
How old that dog is!
How old this book is!
How old was Beethoven when he died?
How old was Mary when she died?
How old was Mary when she moved to Boston?
How old was Mary when she passed away?
How old was Mary when she started talking?
How old was Mary when she started walking?
How old was Queen Victoria when she got married?
How old was Tom Jackson when he died?
How old was Tom at that time?
How old was Tom in this picture?
How old was Tom then?
How old was Tom when he came to Boston?
How old was Tom when he died?
How old was Tom when he finished university?
How old was Tom when he got his degree?
How old was Tom when he got married?
How old was Tom when he graduated from college?
How old was Tom when he graduated?
How old was Tom when he learned how to do that?
How old was Tom when he moved to Australia?
How old was Tom when he moved to Boston?
How old was Tom when he passed away?
How old was Tom when he retired?
How old was Tom when he started talking?
How old was Tom when he started walking?
How old was Tom when he was diagnosed?
How old was Tom when his parents died?
How old was he in the first photo?
How old was he?
How old was she in the first photo?
How old was she when she got married?
How old was she?
How old was your father when he retired?
How old was your youngest Berber student?
How old were Tom and Mary at that time?
How old were Tom and Mary in this picture?
How old were Tom and Mary then?
How old were Tom and Mary when they died?
How old were Tom and Mary when they moved to Boston?
How old were Tom and Mary when they passed away?
How old were these kids?
How old were you at that time?
How old were you on this picture?
How old were you the first time that you drank beer?
How old were you the first time that you drank wine?
How old were you the first time you drank beer?
How old were you the first time you drank wine?
How old were you then?
How old were you when it came out?
How old were you when the war broke out?
How old were you when this town had the big fire?
How old were you when you and Tom first kissed each other?
How old were you when you became a grandfather?
How old were you when you began playing the piano?
How old were you when you began to play the piano?
How old were you when you began to study French?
How old were you when you came to Australia?
How old were you when you did that?
How old were you when you fell in love for the first time?
How old were you when you first did that?
How old were you when you first kissed Tom?
How old were you when you first started studying French?
How old were you when you first visited Australia?
How old were you when you first visited Boston?
How old were you when you first went to Australia?
How old were you when you first went to Boston?
How old were you when you got married?
How old were you when you got that tattoo?
How old were you when you got your ears pierced?
How old were you when you got your first bike?
How old were you when you graduated from college?
How old were you when you had your first crush?
How old were you when you had your first date?
How old were you when you had your first girlfriend?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? How did you find out?
How old were you when you learned how to swim?
How old were you when you learned to ride a bicycle?
How old were you when you learned to ride a bike?
How old were you when you learned to swim?
How old were you when you learned to tie your own shoes?
How old were you when you learned to write your name?
How old were you when you left Australia?
How old were you when you left Boston?
How old were you when you moved to Australia?
How old were you when you moved to Boston?
How old were you when you retired?
How old were you when you started learning French?
How old were you when you started playing the guitar?
How old were you when you started studying French?
How old were you when you started walking?
How old were you when you started working here?
How old were you when you started working?
How old were you when you stopped believing in Santa Claus?
How old were you when you took up yoga?
How old were you when you went to the movies for the first time?
How old were you when you were adopted?
How old were you when your family moved to Australia?
How old were you when your family moved to Boston?
How old were you when your father died?
How old were you when your father passed away?
How old were you when your father was killed?
How old were you when your mother married your stepfather?
How old were you when your parents got divorced?
How old were your children when you moved to Australia?
How old were your grandparents when they got married?
How old were your kids when you moved to Australia?
How old were your kids when you moved to Boston?
How old were your parents when they got married?
How old will Tom be on his next birthday?
How old will you be next year?
How old will you be on your next birthday?
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
How old would you guess Tom is?
How old would you say I am?
How old would you say I was?
How old you are doesn't matter.
How old's Tom now?
How old's your son?
How on God's green earth did Enrico graduate?
How on earth are we going to do that?
How on earth can we do that?
How on earth can we restore our youth?
How on earth can you do such a thing?
How on earth can you say such a thing?
How on earth can you speak that language?
How on earth could Tom have known that?
How on earth could such a mistake have happened?
How on earth could this be a surprise?
How on earth could this have happened?
How on earth could this pan become so burnt and blackened.
How on earth did I get so jaded?
How on earth did Kanye West get into the vice presidential ballot?
How on earth did Tom do that?
How on earth did Tom get here?
How on earth did you do it?
How on earth did you do that?
How on earth did you get in?
How on earth did you get into our room?
How on earth did you get it?
How on earth did you get there?
How on earth did you know Tom was going to be here?
How on earth did you know Tom would do that?
How on earth did you know that Tom was going to be here?
How on earth did you know that Tom would do that?
How on earth did you know that that was going to happen?
How on earth did you know that was going to happen?
How on earth did you know that?
How on earth do we get out of this?
How on earth do you know that?
How on earth is this possible?
How on earth will this be done?
How one can let themselves go in such a way, is unfathomable.
How one must hate one's language in order to disfigure it like that!
How one views something depends on one's situation.
How one views something depends on one’s situation.
How open is Algeria's economy?
How open is he to experimentation?
How optimistic are you that that will happen?
How optimistic are you that that'll happen?
How optimistic are you that will happen?
How optimistic are you that'll happen?
How optimistic are you?
How our cat loves to scour someone else's dishes!
How painful is it?
How pale you are!
How pathetic!
How peaceful!
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
How perceptive!
How perfect is that?
How persistent you are!
How perverse!
How pessimistic!
How pitiful!
How polite you are!
How politically realistic are the climate action goals that European governments are setting in lockstep with the United States?
How popular is Tom?
How popular is folk music in Italy?
How popular is traditional music in Italy?
How popular was Tom?
How powerful is Algeria militarily?
How powerful is Algeria?
How powerful is China?
How pretty is this flower!
How pretty she is!
How pretty she looks in her new dress!
How pretty you are!
How pretty you look today!
How pretty your sister is!
How pretty!
How probable is that to happen?
How productive can Algeria's young population can actually be?
How productive is an Algerian worker?
How proper!
How protectionist is Algeria's economy?
How protectionist is Algeria?
How proud Tom must be.
How quaint.
How quickly can I get to Boston?
How quickly can I get to Tokyo?
How quickly can things change?
How quickly can we do that?
How quickly can we get that done?
How quickly can we get there?
How quickly can we get this done?
How quickly can you change that?
How quickly can you do that?
How quickly can you finish these pictures?
How quickly can you get that done?
How quickly can you get the information we need?
How quickly can you get to Boston?
How quickly can you learn Esperanto?
How quickly can you write?
How quickly does the bird fly?
How quickly that translator learned! It has already almost mastered Latin. It even teaches us how to pronounce sentences.
How quickly the visions of genius become the canned goods of intellectuals.
How quickly time flies.
How quickly to my detriment cruel Luck has changed!
How quickly will my comments be reviewed?
How quiet the woods are today... not a murmur except that soft wind purring in the treetops!
How realistic is the plan?
How reliable do you think Tom is?
How reliable do you think this information is?
How reliable is this information?
How reliant are you on electricity?
How restful it is to sleep under the shadow of a willow in an Anatolian village in summertime.
How retarded can this idiot be?
How rewarding do you find your job?
How rich are Tom and Mary?
How rich are they?
How rich is Algeria?
How rich is Tom?
How rich is he?
How ridiculous I was as a Marionette! And how happy I am, now that I have become a real boy!
How ridiculous I was as a marionette! And how happy I am, now that I have become a real boy!
How ridiculous!
How risky do you think cosmetic surgery is?
How romantic are you?
How romantic!
How rude of you!
How rude!
How sad a story this is!
How sad and pathetic!
How sad is this face.
How sad is your life?
How sad it is to have a memory that you'll never be able to recall again.
How sad that girl looks!
How sad the first thing I noticed was your cute shirt!
How sad!
How sadly things had changed since she had sat there the night after coming home! Then she had been full of hope and joy and the future had looked rosy with promise.
How safe are e-cigarettes?
How safe are opioids?
How safe are public drinking fountains?
How safe is Australia?
How safe is Boston?
How safe is Brazil?
How safe is safe?
How safe is that?
How safe is the factory where you work?
How safe is the food from the food trucks?
How safe is the refinery where you work?
How safe is this bridge?
How safe is this car?
How safe is this part of the city?
How safe is this part of town?
How safe would it be for us to do that?
How salty is too salty?
How salty this soup is!
How satisfied are you with your parenting?
How scary!
How screwed up is Ziri?
How secure is my job?
How self-centric do you have to be to do something like that?
How self-important you are!
How selfish soever man may be supposed, there are evidently some principles in his nature, which interest him in the fortune of others, and render their happiness necessary to him, though he derives nothing from it, except the pleasure of seeing it.
How serious I looked!
How serious are these threats?
How serious are you?
How serious do you really think they are?
How serious is Ziri?
How serious is it?
How serious is the crisis?
How serious is the problem?
How serious is this problem?
How serious were the problems?
How seriously do you mean that?
How seriously should we take these threats?
How seriously should we take this?
How sexy she is!
How shall I dare to return to my father and mother?
How shall I proceed?
How shall I put it?
How shall we deal with the problem?
How shall we deal with this matter?
How shall we deal with this problem?
How shall we do it?
How shall we find it?
How shameful!
How shameless you are!
How she loved the grey-white moths spinning in and out, over the cherry pie, over the evening primroses!
How she talks!
How short life is!
How should I answer if she inquires after you?
How should I answer this question?
How should I answer?
How should I architect my life?
How should I be studying Berber?
How should I care for my plaster cast?
How should I care for my stitches?
How should I change that?
How should I check my breasts?
How should I collect and store a pee, I mean urine, sample?
How should I collect and store a poo, I mean stool, sample?
How should I continue?
How should I cook this?
How should I deal with Tom?
How should I dispose of used needles or sharps?
How should I do that?
How should I eat this?
How should I eat ths?
How should I explain it to Tom?
How should I explain that to Tom?
How should I explain that to her?
How should I find death?
How should I get there from the airport?
How should I go about doing that?
How should I go about it?
How should I go about reducing my carbon footprint?
How should I handle it?
How should I help Tom?
How should I know where he is?
How should I know where your phone is?
How should I know!
How should I know?
How should I organize my writing?
How should I pay my debts?
How should I prepare for a trip to a foreign country?
How should I put it?
How should I reply?
How should I respond?
How should I say it?
How should I say this to her?
How should I say this?
How should I say?
How should I set it up?
How should I start?
How should I tell Tom that?
How should I tell Tom?
How should I translate "cultural center" into Portuguese?
How should I write "date" in Latin?
How should I write "direct" in Vietnamese?
How should I write "encounter" in the Slovak language?
How should I write “COVID-19” in Kabyle?
How should NASA be written in the Kabyle language?
How should Tom and Mary do that?
How should Tom do that?
How should Tom do this?
How should culture be written in italian?
How should foreign exchange rates be shown? In the foreign exchange market they are displayed centered on the American dollar.
How should he be addressed, "citizen" or "comrade?"
How should he look like?
How should he translate "program" in Korean?
How should he translate “Kabyle culture” into Finnish?
How should he write "fog" in Turkish?
How should it be done?
How should it work?
How should one escape from him?
How should one prepare for a trip to a foreign country?
How should people prepare before visiting another country?
How should she translate “game” in Rifain?
How should she write "intellectual" in Chinese?
How should she write "sweat" in the Chaoui language?
How should soldiers and commanders be trained?
How should that be understood?
How should these be ordered?
How should they translate "dinner" into Czech?
How should they translate "rabbit" into Riffian?
How should they translate the difference into slovak?
How should they write "astronaut" in Macedonian?
How should they write "brotherhood" in Uzbek?
How should they write “development” in Latin?
How should this be done?
How should this matter be handled?
How should this plan be carried out?
How should this sentence be interpreted?
How should we actually do it?
How should we actually do that?
How should we address a non-binary person?
How should we be doing this?
How should we behave here?
How should we deal with the current situation?
How should we deal with the problem?
How should we deal with this crisis?
How should we deal with this matter?
How should we deal with this?
How should we do that?
How should we do this?
How should we educate our children?
How should we educate our sons?
How should we gauge the threat?
How should we get home?
How should we get rid of Algeria's political mafia?
How should we go about doing this?
How should we go about this?
How should we handle that?
How should we handle this delicate situation?
How should we handle this problem?
How should we handle this?
How should we proceed?
How should we respond this time?
How should we solve the problem?
How should we solve this problem?
How should we spend our evenings?
How should we spend the evening?
How should we take care of this problem?
How should we understand it?
How should we understand that?
How should we understand this?
How should we write "law" in Albanian?
How should we write “advertisement” in Sudanese?
How should you advertise on the Internet?
How should you come off antidepressants?
How should you react to the banks' ultimatum?
How should you translate "program" in Korean?
How should you write organization in hindi?
How should you write “development” in Latin?
How sick are Tom and Mary?
How sick do you have to be to claim that unarmed protesters were trying to get shot?
How sick is Tom?
How sick is he?
How silly of me!
How silly of me! I keep forgetting that.
How silly of you!
How similar are French and English?
How similar is French to English?
How similar is Pashto to Persian?
How slow you are!
How slowly the time passes here, encompassed as I am by frost and snow!
How small a screw do you need?
How small is a differential? What's the smallest number greater than zero? What's twice that number?
How small is a nanometer? Strictly speaking, it's a billionth of a meter. To put things in perspective, comparing a nanometer to a meter is about the same as comparing a marble to the size of the earth. Weckert, a fellow at Canberra's Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics, says the reason ethical issues arise is that scientists and the general public are struggling to understand both the benefits and the risks of nanotechnology.
How small is it?
How small is that?
How small is this thing?
How small is your car?
How small this book is!
How small your cat is!
How smart are they?
How smart could such a person be?
How smart!
How so?
How so? Do you not want to bet? Are you a heathen?
How solitary sits the city that was full of people! The great one among the nations has become like a widow! The princess among the provinces has become a tributary!
How soon am I going to die?
How soon are we going to arrive?
How soon are you going shopping?
How soon are you planning to do that?
How soon can I get to Tokyo?
How soon can I go swimming after surgery?
How soon can I have my shoes mended?
How soon can I leave?
How soon can I meet Tom?
How soon can I meet her?
How soon can I meet him?
How soon can I meet them?
How soon can I meet you?
How soon can I use tampons after giving birth?
How soon can that be done?
How soon can they be delivered?
How soon can we get away from here?
How soon can we get started?
How soon can we leave?
How soon can you be here?
How soon can you be ready to leave?
How soon can you be ready?
How soon can you complete the repairs?
How soon can you do it?
How soon can you do that?
How soon can you finish writing the report?
How soon can you get here?
How soon can you get it done?
How soon can you get that done?
How soon can you get to Boston?
How soon can you get to my house?
How soon can you have it ready?
How soon can you have the report finished?
How soon can you have this dress ready?
How soon can you have this finished?
How soon can you learn this piece?
How soon can you leave?
How soon can you start?
How soon did you have to do that?
How soon do STI symptoms appear?
How soon do we have to leave?
How soon do you expect Tom to be here?
How soon do you expect Tom to get here?
How soon do you expect that to happen?
How soon do you have to do that?
How soon do you need it?
How soon do you need my answer?
How soon do you think Tom will be here?
How soon do you think that'll be?
How soon do you think these changes can be made?
How soon do you think these eggs will hatch?
How soon do you think we can reach our goal?
How soon do you think you can be here?
How soon do you think you can finish this?
How soon do you think you can get here?
How soon do you think you can get this done?
How soon do you think you can talk to Tom?
How soon do you think you'll be able to do that?
How soon do you think you'll finish doing that?
How soon does the bus leave?
How soon does the concert begin?
How soon does the show begin?
How soon is that going to happen?
How soon is too soon?
How soon must I be back?
How soon the summer holiday is over.
How soon we find a living exoplanet really depends on whether there's one relatively nearby, with the right orbit and size, and with biosignatures that we are able to recognize, Hu said. In other words, "There's always a factor of luck."
How soon will Tom arrive?
How soon will Tom be here?
How soon will Tom get here?
How soon will it be ready?
How soon will lunch be ready?
How soon will supper be ready?
How soon will that happen?
How soon will the meeting begin?
How soon will the next bus be here?
How soon will the next bus get here?
How soon will this laundry be ready?
How soon will we arrive?
How soon will we get there?
How soon will you be able to finish that job?
How soon will you be able to finish the task?
How soon will you be here?
How soon will you be leaving?
How soon will you be ready to leave?
How soon will you be ready?
How soon would you like to start?
How sophisticated are they?
How sorry I was!
How soundly he is sleeping!
How special is it?
How spicy is the curry?
How spicy is the food?
How spooky!
How stable is Morocco?
How stand-offish you are!
How strange is that?
How strange life is!
How strange the weather is!
How strange!
How strong he is!
How strong is Algeria's air force?
How strong is Algeria?
How strong was the earthquake?
How strong you are!
How stupid I am...
How stupid are we?
How stupid can you be?
How stupid can you get?
How stupid do you have to be to send naked pictures of yourself to anybody?
How stupid do you have to be to send naked pictures of yourself to anyone?
How stupid do you think I am?
How stupid do you think Tom and I are?
How stupid do you think we are?
How stupid does Tom think we are?
How stupid he is!
How stupid is that?
How stupid is the guy?
How stupid of me to do so!
How stupid of me!
How stupid of you to go there alone!
How stupid was I!
How stupid!
How stupid.
How successful Algeria's manufacturing sector is?
How successful are Algeria's economic reforms?
How successful is Algeria's manufacturing sector?
How successful were they?
How suddenly a man's fortune can change!
How sure are you it isn't Tom?
How sure are you it's not Tom?
How sure are you that I'm not going to win?
How sure are you that that's going to happen?
How surprised he'll be!
How surprising is this for you?
How sustainable is all this?
How sweet you are, darling.
How sweet!
How sweetly the swallows twitter, whilst my pipe is mute!
How tacky!
How tall are Tom and Mary?
How tall are they?
How tall are you now?
How tall are you, and how much do you weigh?
How tall are you?
How tall are your parents?
How tall do most palm trees grow?
How tall do you think Tom and Mary are?
How tall do you think Tom is?
How tall do you think my daughter will be in three years?
How tall do you think that tree is?
How tall he is!
How tall he's got! It won't be long before he's caught up with his father!
How tall is Mt. Fuji?
How tall is Mt. Kilimanjaro?
How tall is Tom?
How tall is Yanni?
How tall is he?
How tall is it?
How tall is she?
How tall is that building?
How tall is that mountain?
How tall is that tower?
How tall is the Eiffel Tower?
How tall is the average Christmas tree?
How tall is the building where you work?
How tall is the building?
How tall is the rocket?
How tall is the tree?
How tall is this building?
How tall is your brother?
How tall is your little brother?
How tall is your wife?
How tall is your younger brother?
How tall is your youngest brother?
How tall that mountain is!
How tall this tree is!
How tall was Tom when he was thirteen years old?
How tall was Tom when he was thirteen?
How tall were you when you were thirteen years old?
How tall would you say that tree is?
How tall you are!
How tax friendly is your state?
How teleworking affects the health and lifestyle of the workers seems to depend on how much and what type of teleworking they are doing.
How temporary will this situation be?
How terribly wrong many of us were.
How that could have happened is a mystery to me.
How that could've happened is a mystery to me.
How that happened is a mystery to me.
How that was possible will remain a mystery to me for ever.
How that woman runs on!
How the boys adored me.
How the city sits solitary, that was full of people!
How the city that was once so full of people sits alone, like a widow! She who was great among the nations, a princess among the provinces, has become a tributary.
How the days fly! It was spring not long ago. Now it's autumn.
How the doctors could've missed it is beyond my understanding.
How the hell are you using up so much toilet paper? Are you eating it?
How the hell can this be happening?
How the hell did it get to this?
How the hell did that happen?
How the hell did you get a picture of my living room?
How the hell did you get here first?
How the hell is Ziri going to get out of this?
How the hell should I know?
How the jet efflux is handled should be taken into consideration when designing the aircraft.
How the mighty have fallen, and the weapons of war have perished!
How the other half lives.
How the three bodies ended up in the boat is anyone's guess.
How the time flew by!
How the tradition originally started is unclear.
How the weather was heading became unclear.
How then can they write the title of meaning in mongolian?
How then will you translate "economy" into Hungarian?
How they did that was an utter mystery to me.
How they treat you matters.
How thick is the board?
How thick is this sheet metal?
How thick the fog is. I can't see the road. All the people in the world could pass by and I would never know. I wish it was always that way.
How thin is too thin?
How this author ended up on the program is a mystery to me.
How this came about is unknown.
How this will be done is still unclear.
How thoughtful of you to have chilled some wine for us.
How thoughtless of you to do that.
How thrilling!
How time flies!
How time flies.
How times change!
How times change.
How times have changed.
How tired are you?
How to achieve accessibility and inclusion for everyone?
How to achieve peace in Palestine?
How to achieve the transition from oil to a diverse economy in Algeria?
How to address capital flight in Algeria?
How to alleviate authoritarianism in Algeria?
How to arouse a woman's desire?
How to arouse a woman’s desire?
How to attract and keep new customers for a small business?
How to be positive at work?
How to be professional at work?
How to become rich? Tom tells us the secret.
How to call people to Islam?
How to compare two texts for differences using KATE?
How to deal with bugs?
How to deal with environmental pollution is a serious matter.
How to destroy ivy?
How to dispose of light bulbs in an environmentally responsible way?
How to dispose of light bulbs properly?
How to distinguish a venomous snake from a non-venomous one?
How to distribute abundance is a great problem.
How to do in this language?
How to explain it?
How to explain this?
How to get rid of bedbugs?
How to get rid of ivy?
How to get the best paint job?
How to give my liquid soap the right consistency?
How to go to this place?
How to guarantee accessibility and inclusion for everyone?
How to handle a problem?
How to improve my English, is there any easier way to adopt to improve?
How to improve the health of Algeria's economy?
How to know it?
How to know?
How to learn Berber in one year?
How to learn Berber vocabulary?
How to limit ivy?
How to live is an important question for young people.
How to live is the most important thing in life.
How to make Algeria appealing to tourists?
How to make the Sahara green again?
How to master Berber?
How to measure success?
How to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider.
How to merely get tea?
How to open an account at a bank?
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
How to prepare black porgy: It's tastiest as sashimi.
How to prevent infidelity?
How to react when someone insults your religion?
How to relieve stress?
How to remove windshield scratches?
How to respond to an insult?
How to say "apple" in your language?
How to say XXX in Dutch?
How to say it?
How to say this sentence in your language?
How to set up a business in Algeria?
How to set up a company in Algeria?
How to split two varibles using delimiter?
How to stay safe from the new coronavirus?
How to stay safe in the era of COVID-19?
How to stop corruption in Algeria?
How to stop procrastinating?
How to tell an edible mushroom from an inedible one?
How to thank him in Turkish?
How to track the least visited pages and what to do with them?
How to truly be a man?
How to write "house" in Arabic?
How tolerant should we be?
How touching!
How tough is that to handle?
How tough is this?
How tough is your job?
How tough was the test?
How tragic!
How tranquil an early afternoon it seems to be.
How true is that?
How true is this?
How true it is!
How trustworthy do you think Tom is?
How twisted is that?
How ugly is it going to get?
How ugly is that.
How unappreciative can you get?
How uneven is Algeria?
How unfair is that?
How unfortunate!
How unlikely is this?
How unlucky I am!
How unlucky he is.
How unpredictable life is!
How urgent is it?
How urgent is this problem?
How useful is "The Cat in the Hat" for English learners?
How utterly depraved.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
How valid are the results?
How very curious!
How very humorous!
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.
How very nice of you to come!
How very wrong he was.
How vigorous you are!
How vulnerable are we to terrorist attacks?
How warm is it where you live?
How warm is it?
How warm is the water?
