Kalman yelled at the ghost, telling it to leave us alone.
Kalman's abdomen was sliced open.
Kalman's ashes are buried under the porch of the cabin.
Kalman's beard feels soft.
Kalman's bed is not made.
Kalman's body was dumped somewhere.
Kalman's building was nestled in a suburban area.
Kalman's cabin is somewhat new.
Kalman's cabin was great for a stay.
Kalman's cabin wasn't very far from the lake.
Kalman's closest neighbor is five miles away.
Kalman's curiosity turned into fear.
Kalman's deep voice scared Olivia.
Kalman's early life was tumultuous.
Kalman's entire family is Muslim.
Kalman's eyes were glowing in the darkness.
Kalman's family has a small cabin up north.
Kalman's family is big.
Kalman's father abandoned him and his mother when he was a toddler.
Kalman's grandparents were very welcoming.
Kalman's hedgehog got used to Olivia.
Kalman's hedgehog had a huge cage.
Kalman's hedgehog had poop on it.
Kalman's hedgehog is continually exposed to music.
Kalman's hedgehog is in its cage.
Kalman's hedgehog opened up to Olivia incredibly easily.
Kalman's hedgehog was crawling on Olivia.
Kalman's hedgehog was grooming itself.
Kalman's hedgehog was sleeping.
Kalman's hedgehog was walking around and exploring the backyard.
Kalman's hedgehog weighs four hundred grams.
Kalman's inlaws are his landlords.
Kalman's joy ended instantly.
Kalman's killer is still walking the streets.
Kalman's men ambushed their ambushers.
Kalman's pace slowed down.
Kalman's parents came from Ukraine.
Kalman's parents weren't very strict.
Kalman's pet room needs to stay warm.
Kalman's property is fenced and gated.
Kalman's repeated mistakes in the project had everyone fed up with him.
Kalman's roommate is now his wife.
Kalman's scary stories would keep you up at night.
Kalman's smile began to fade.
Kalman's son started to get a bit fussy and tired.
Kalman's story was short.
Kalman's surname stars with H.
Kalman's tent was fully unzipped.
Kalman's treehouse got destroyed.
Kalman's treehouse was his sanctuary.
Kalman's video was really boring.
Kamaboko is a popular addition to Japanese soup.
Kamakura is a place noted in connection with the Genji family.
Kamal hasn't read the book yet.
Kamala Harris is the first Black woman and first Indian American to be vice president.
Kamdev has used your smile as an arrow as all the five arrows were found insufficient.
Kamel Daoud is an Algerian novelist.
Kamel Daoud is an Algerian writer.
Kamel Daoud was born in Algeria.
Kamel Messaoudi wrote this song.
Kamikiri is cool, a free haircut is just what I need now.
Kamlesh's prolific drug abuse was finally starting to take its toll on his health.
Kampala is the capital of Uganda.
Kamran is Iranian-German.
Kamui no Ken was a sort of samurai/ninja story set during the transition of the fall of the Tokugawa Shogunate and the re-establishment of Japan under the Emperor Meiji in 1868.
Kanagawa Prefecture's capital is Yokohama City.
Kanako commutes from Chiba to Tokyo.
Kaname is a girls' name.
Kanazawa is a quiet city.
Kane was an old friend of the president.
Kaneko was so stressed out at her new job that she had a nervous breakdown.
Kangaroo tail soup is known as an Australian dish, because kangaroos are found in Australia.
Kangaroos are capable of killing humans.
Kangaroos are causing major headaches for Austrian farmers.
Kangaroos are incredibly strong.
Kangaroos can jump very far.
Kangaroos eat almost exclusively grass.
Kangaroos have a strange method of carrying their young.
Kangaroos have giant claws.
Kangaroos have two small forepaws and two large, strong hind paws.
Kangaroos live in Australia.
Kangaroos, wallabies and koalas are marsupials.
Kangyang bought a new phone.
Kanji are difficult to read.
Kanji have multiple pronunciations in Japanese.
Kanji is hard.
Kanji is the Japanese name for Hanzi, the Chinese characters.
Kannada, Malayalam, and Tamil are very closely related to each other.
Kano, pretending to cry has impact from being used sparingly!
Kano’s Kofar Mata dye pit is one of the last surviving hand-coloring textile makers in Nigeria.
Kansas has a flat topography.
Kansas is exactly in the center of the United States.
Kansas is smack dab in the middle of the US.
Kant, in his book "Perpetual Peace", offers a very practical means of establishing means of perpetual peace between nations.
Kanu is a Swahili boy's name meaning "wildcat".
Kaohsiung is Taiwan's largest port city.
Kaoru has gone to America.
Kaoru left for the United States.
Kaoru went to the United States.
Kaoru, yours is the best reaction so far - you win the grand prize.
Kapampangan is one of the eight major languages of the Philippines.
Kaplan says the low cost recorders can revolutionize how and how often we monitor reefs, and how we determine their health. He says this tool can help gather critical information, regulate boat traffic and even aid in rebuilding the reef ecosystem, by broadcasting sounds that will attract new denizens.
Karahan spoke wistfully of the throngs of tourists that used to pack into his gift shops.
Karakorum is the early capital city of Mongolia.
Karam is a new teacher.
Karam is the best student in the whole school.
Karaoke is Yanni's life.
Karaoke is a popular activity in Japan.
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.
Karaoke is one of my favorite pastimes.
Karaoke, TV games, videos and a fridge ... love hotels nowadays really have everything.
Karate is a Japanese martial art.
Karate is an art of unarmed defense.
Karate is the art of self-defense without weapons.
Kareishu is a special smell that comes as old people age. Popular expressions such as: "Ossan kusai" or "Oyaji kusai" (smelly old man) refer to this smell.
Karen Terrill of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection says the goats could also be used to clear underbrush around homes in forested areas, thus reducing the possibility of wildfires.
Karen asked to speak to the manager.
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager this instant.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager.
Karen doesn't want to talk with you.
Karen doesn't want to wear her mask.
Karen is Brazilian too, but she lives in Japan.
Karen is angry with me.
Karen is mad at me.
Karen is not angry with me.
Karen went there herself.
Karen would like to talk to the manager.
Karen's skirt is riding up.
Karen’s skirt is riding up.
Karim has a significant role in the film.
Karim has a significant role in the movie.
Karim is my chosen Muslim name.
Karim, an Ismaili from East Africa, was my partner in a project in one of my Computer Science courses in university.
Karima asked Marie where the dog was.
Karima hasn't read the letter yet.
Karima was an actress.
Karin is Austrian.
Karin is a German name.
Karis is Austrian.
Karl Lagerfeld was an original, and was recognizable chiefly because of his white hair, black eyeglasses, starched collars and black, fingerless gloves.
Karl Lange's record breaking long jump took the crowd's breath away.
Karl Lange’s record breaking long jump took the crowd’s breath away.
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels hoped the German bourgeois revolution would be a direct prelude to a proletarian revolution. This hope was never realized.
Karl Marx came to Kabylia.
Karl Marx famously said that communism is when pronouns.
Karl Marx killed my dad.
Karl Marx killed my father.
Karl Marx said: "Workers of the world, unite!"
Karl Marx said: Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering.
Karl Marx says, "The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles."
Karl Marx was an atheist who was baptised and raised a Christian, but because of the racial aspect of antisemitism, he continues to be central to many antisemitic conspiracy theories.
Karl Marx was born and raised Christian, never connecting to Judaism at any point in his entire life.
Karl Marx wasn't a Marxist.
Karl Marx's main work is called Das Kapital.
Karl Marx, a German philosopher and economist, said: Religion is the opium of the people.
Karl Rove says he is a very competitive guy. Admirers and detractors alike say the 55-year-old Texan is a skilled tactician in sizing-up and tearing-down political opponents.
Karl Valentin was a philosopher.
Karl always used that road.
Karl and Amelia did lots of things together.
Karl and Amelia ended up just staying good friends.
Karl and Amelia have a complicated situation.
Karl and Amelia looked at each other nervously.
Karl and Amelia made awkward eye contact for a second.
Karl and Amelia stayed in contact.
Karl and Amelia were sitting in history together.
Karl and his men were armed with sticks and guns.
Karl and his wife were reading in bed.
Karl appreciated Amelia's kind gesture.
Karl asked Amelia about how long she had been there.
Karl asked Amelia if she needed anything.
Karl asked Amelia in a stern voice why she was even in the hallway.
Karl asked Amelia to tell John if she ran into him.
Karl assumed the worst.
Karl ate his sandwich in a classroom.
Karl ate the rest of his sandwich in his truck.
Karl became among Amelia's children to marry.
Karl bench-presses about 220 because he is a beast.
Karl bought that house to escape the city.
Karl brought a waggon full of boxes and started stocking the shelves.
Karl brought the empty waggon to the next aisle.
Karl called 911 on his neighbor.
Karl called Amelia at once.
Karl called Amelia's name again and again to no avail.
Karl called the front desk.
Karl came back a few hours later to change into different clothes for dinner.
Karl came back to the camp with his flashlight back on.
Karl came downstairs with Amelia.
Karl came into Amelia's room.
Karl came on the Thursday before Black Friday.
Karl came out from his room.
Karl came out of the classroom, laughing hysterically.
Karl came to see what the commotion was about.
Karl came to the makeup section.
Karl came up to Amelia and started speaking in Berber.
Karl came up with the idea of us going to the abandoned hospital together.
Karl checked all the rooms in the ward.
Karl climbed through the broken window.
Karl comes from Berlin.
Karl continued to follow the signs.
Karl continued with his work.
Karl contracted bacterial meningitis.
Karl could be wrong.
Karl could easily overpower Amelia.
Karl couldn't do night shifts anymore.
Karl couldn't go look at the cameras.
Karl crawled inside the building.
Karl cut his hand on some glass.
Karl decided to block Amelia's number.
Karl decided to break into the old school.
Karl did this successfully.
Karl didn't actually make any threats.
Karl didn't answer because he was at work.
Karl didn't care where he was going.
Karl didn't even ask Amelia why she was asking him that.
Karl didn't have his phone on him.
Karl didn't have to worry about making noise.
Karl didn't know what was wrong with Amelia.
Karl didn't leave the resort again until Amelia came.
Karl didn't let up on the gas until he arrived at the roundabout.
Karl didn't make himself food.
Karl didn't mean to scare Amelia.
Karl didn't order housekeeping.
Karl didn't personally know the other employees working that night.
Karl didn't see any other cars.
Karl didn't see anyone in the hall.
Karl didn't see anyone on his way to the bathroom.
Karl didn't seem very smart at all.
Karl didn't turn those lights off.
Karl didn't wake any of us up.
Karl didn't want to seem like a pussy.
Karl died in infancy.
Karl died when he was less than one week old.
Karl disappeared into the night.
Karl disregarded Amelia's question as if he didn't hear her.
Karl doesn't know how to deal with people anymore.
Karl doesn't remember all the details regarding that.
Karl doesn't thing there is anything he could do.
Karl drove down that wide dirt road.
Karl encouraged Amelia to spend time with John.
Karl engaged in little personal correspondence.
Karl enjoyed his stay in Algiers.
Karl entered the hospital room.
Karl entered the large room.
Karl explained to the boss that he couldn't do night shifts anymore and she understood.
Karl explained to the cop politely what had happened.
Karl explained to the library by mistake.
Karl felt incredibly awkward.
Karl felt lazy before class.
Karl felt refreshed.
Karl felt something grab his shoulder.
Karl felt the mattress start shifting.
Karl finally died on April 5, 2004.
Karl finally showed up.
Karl flew to Algiers for the first time alone.
Karl flew to a million different places.
Karl followed Amelia back to that classroom.
Karl followed Amelia from Walmart.
Karl followed close behind.
Karl found a piece of barbed wire about five feet long in his garden.
Karl found that equally spooky and weird.
Karl found the front door to the building.
Karl gave all the necessary footage for the police department.
Karl got out of the bushes and said hi.
Karl grabbed Amelia and tried to cover her mouth.
Karl had a bit of a belly.
Karl had a large knife in his bag.
Karl had a lot planned.
Karl had a new neighbor move in recently.
Karl had a sleeve of tattoos on his left arm.
Karl had bad headaches.
Karl had never had hallucinations of any time.
Karl had no idea how scary that night was going to get.
Karl had nothing else to do.
Karl had severe symptoms.
Karl had the wrong room.
Karl had to check the dates on the products.
Karl had work the next day.
Karl happened to be walking by in the hall.
Karl has a detached garage in the backyard.
Karl has a disability.
Karl has been shopping for two hours.
Karl has never been diagnosed with anything.
Karl has never seen Amelia in this class.
Karl hasn't returned to Morocco since.
Karl heard a child's voice call "Mom!" from downstairs.
Karl heard a door closing.
Karl heard a freakish laughing sound.
Karl heard a huge crash a few aisles down.
Karl heard a loud bang downstairs.
Karl heard a muffled voice say: "Open up!"
Karl heard a police car briefly wail its siren outside his house.
Karl heard a voice call from downstairs.
Karl heard another noise.
Karl heard his dad's voice on the phone with the police.
Karl heard his wife's voice call his name from the window.
Karl heard muffled crying.
Karl heard some weird scraping sounds.
Karl heard someone running away outside.
Karl heard something in the room.
Karl heard sounds echoing from the hallway.
Karl heard that horrific laughing again.
Karl heard that noise too and went silent.
Karl heard the door to the dairy cooler burst open.
Karl heard the doors to the dairy cooler open and shut.
Karl heard unintelligible whispering.
Karl held Amelia's hand and told her it was OK.
Karl helped Amelia with her bags to her room.
Karl hid from Amelia to scare her.
Karl hurried out of the room.
Karl ignored the knocks.
Karl immediately began freaking out.
Karl insisted on being called "Uncle Karl."
Karl is a bit curious now.
Karl is a solo traveler.
Karl is an egocentric monomaniac.
Karl is an outgoing sort of person.
Karl is aware of the effects of lack of sleep.
Karl is going to Switzerland.
Karl is going to call the cops.
Karl is in the living room now.
Karl is scared to go out there alone.
Karl is still friends with Amelia on Tinder.
Karl isn't there anymore.
Karl just kept walking.
Karl kept staring at Amelia in the corner of the room.
Karl kept yelling at Amelia as she walked away.
Karl knew Amelia was in there.
Karl knew it was Amelia because he heard her calling his name.
Karl knew what vehicle Amelia drove.
Karl knocked on the door and rang the bell.
Karl knows something is seriously off here.
Karl left down the hall.
Karl left the hospital the next week.
Karl left work early to bring Amelia to the hospital.
Karl let go of Amelia.
Karl liked to go snowboarding in that area.
Karl lived in a cool-looking building.
Karl lives in Zurich, Switzerland.
Karl lives in a close-off community.
Karl lives in a mobile home.
Karl lives in a shack.
Karl looked a couple of years older than Amelia.
Karl looked back and gave Amelia a thumbs up.
Karl looked out of the window to confirm it was Amelia.
Karl looked throughout the library, but he didn't find the phone.
Karl lured the alien into the space station.
Karl made Rima fall to the ground.
Karl made Rima his messenger.
Karl made a cut in his abdomen and brought out his intestines.
Karl made a doll.
Karl made a paper plane.
Karl made a quick stop at the bathroom.
Karl made a sharp turn.
Karl made accidental eye contact with Amelia.
Karl made contact with the aliens.
Karl made cupcakes.
Karl made fun of Rima’s stutter.
Karl made his way back to the airlock.
Karl made it to the airlock.
Karl made love to Rima.
Karl made new archeological discoveries.
Karl made really good Black Friday deals.
Karl made sarcastic comments about the association.
Karl made sure Rima was still breathing.
Karl managed to control himself before anything happened.
Karl managed to do so.
Karl managed to escape.
Karl managed to repair the ship.
Karl managed to retrieve the pictures.
Karl managed to survive.
Karl managed to walk out of the car.
Karl mapped the interior of the map.
Karl married Amelia when he was fifteen years old.
Karl marveled at the planet.
Karl may also be a threat.
Karl may be in danger.
Karl mentioned the English author Thomas Hardy.
Karl met Amelia in his early years of college.
Karl met Rima in his human form.
Karl met who he believed was Rima.
Karl met with Rima at the bus station.
Karl met with one of the engineers.
Karl missed drinking milk.
Karl mistreated animals.
Karl monitored the ship’s thrusters.
Karl mumbled to himself quietly.
Karl must be losing his mind.
Karl must be tended to first.
Karl must pay for it.
Karl named the alien organism "Rima."
Karl nearly had a heart attack.
Karl needed to make money anyhow possible.
Karl needed to pay off his loans.
Karl needed to use the school laptop.
Karl needs all the bullets to face the cannibals.
Karl needs more help.
Karl needs more tests.
Karl needs to be taken to the hospital.
Karl needs to be vigilant of his surroundings.
Karl needs to get out of the house.
Karl needs to have a wardrobe change.
Karl needs to recover fast.
Karl needs to return to the shore as soon as possible.
Karl never came to the door.
Karl never caught the criminal.
Karl never drove to that hospital again.
Karl never made any threats towards Amelia.
Karl never mentioned what he saw there.
Karl never really got along with his old neighbors.
Karl never took Rima to the doctor.
Karl never touched Rima’s clothes.
Karl never went into that building again.
Karl no longer needs to repair the ship.
Karl noticed Rima looking at Walid.
Karl noticed a van parked in front of his house.
Karl noticed bullet holes on the hall.
Karl noticed fresh blood on the ground.
Karl noticed he was surrounded.
Karl noticed that Rima was wearing a ring.
Karl offered Rima a drink.
Karl offered Rima some alcohol.
Karl offered Rima some apple pie.
Karl offered to help Rima’s injured friend.
Karl offered to take care of Rima.
Karl officially hated that place.
Karl only found four thousand dinars in the envelope.
Karl only had a few days left.
Karl only wants to go home.
Karl opened up about his mother’s passing.
Karl ordered Rima to find Walid.
Karl ordered his guards to search Rima’s laboratory.
Karl ordered his men to kill Rima.
Karl ordered the men to assist Rima.
Karl paddled away.
Karl paid Rima a hefty sum.
Karl panicked and tried to run away.
Karl panicked.
Karl parked on a dead-end street.
Karl parked on the side of the main road.
Karl passed multiple borders.
Karl paused, not knowing what to say.
Karl peacefully fell asleep.
Karl peed on the money.
Karl peered through the window and saw Amelia.
Karl picked Amelia up from her house.
Karl pierced his glove.
Karl placed his ATM card in his mouth.
Karl planned his escape.
Karl planned to sacrifice himself.
Karl played a role in raising Amelia.
Karl played on his phone for a little while.
Karl played tricks on Amelia.
Karl played within the alien creature.
Karl pled with Rima to check under the bed.
Karl prepared a decoy.
Karl prepared for a spacewalk.
Karl prepared the car.
Karl prepared to bury Rima.
Karl prepared to fly the ship.
Karl prepared to shower.
Karl presented a new robot.
Karl presented a promotional video.
Karl pressed the button.
Karl proceeded to arrest Rima.
Karl proceeded to beat Walid up for the warden’s entertainment.
Karl proceeded to beat the man.
Karl proceeded to leave.
Karl promised to punish Rima.
Karl propelled his ship towards the alien ship.
Karl published a best-selling poetry book in Berber.
Karl pulled out the needle.
Karl punched Rima once.
Karl purchased a computer.
Karl purged oxygen from the compartment where the alien organism was.
Karl pushed the door open a little more and called into the room: "Hello?"
Karl put Rima in the car.
Karl put his gun down.
Karl put his hand inside the meat grinder.
Karl put the car in reverse.
Karl quickly went to Rima’s room.
Karl ran as fast as he could.
Karl ran away from Rima.
Karl ran away from his mother.
Karl ran away in fear.
Karl ran back across the parking lot.
Karl ran back to Amelia's house.
Karl ran back to that aisle.
Karl ran back to the room.
Karl ran back to the window he came in through.
Karl ran down the aisle.
Karl ran for a few minutes through that maze of a building.
Karl ran out of bullets.
Karl ran out of the library.
Karl ran outside to rescue Rima.
Karl ran through the slums.
Karl ran to Rima.
Karl ran to the bathroom to throw up.
Karl ran to the front of the house.
Karl ran up the stairs with his flashlight on.
Karl reached Colony 5.
Karl reached London but it was in ruins.
Karl reached an area outside the city.
Karl reached another tower.
Karl reached for the weapon and fired at Rima.
Karl reached the basement.
Karl reached the bridge.
Karl reached the destination.
Karl reached the door.
Karl reached the manor.
Karl reached the transmitter.
Karl read Amelia's response.
Karl read the comic.
Karl realized Rima was dying.
Karl realized his hands were bleeding.
Karl realized his razor was missing.
Karl realized something.
Karl realized that Rima had been telling the truth.
Karl realized that his time was up.
Karl realized the situation was hopeless.
Karl realized there was someone sitting in that car.
Karl recalled meeting the doctor.
Karl received a video message from home.
Karl received an SOS from Rima.
Karl received his money.
Karl received the distress signal.
Karl recited the first words in the Quran.
Karl recognized Rima to be a patient.
Karl recognized the ship and rushed towards it.
Karl recommended a beautiful beach not very far from the resort.
Karl refused Rima’s invitation to come to his house.
Karl refused and got mad.
Karl refused to accept his responsibility.
Karl refused to be involved with Rima and her program.
Karl refused to believe he had done such a thing.
Karl refused to do so.
Karl refused to eat.
Karl refused to leave Rima alone.
Karl refused to leave Rima.
Karl refused to leave.
Karl regretted his decision.
Karl reincarnated as a supernatural creature.
Karl rejected Rima.
Karl relaxed a bit.
Karl relaxed for a while.
Karl reluctantly followed Amelia there.
Karl remained cold and emotionless.
Karl remained in the safety of his home.
Karl remembers Amelia's name from her name tag.
Karl remembers that all too well.
Karl removed Rima from the equation.
Karl removed his crucifix.
Karl removed his helmet despite Rima’s objection.
Karl removed his mask.
Karl removed the motherboard.
Karl renewed the locks.
Karl rented a Ford Focus.
Karl repeated the song over and over.
Karl repeatedly beat Rima with a metal pipe.
Karl repeatedly cut his arm.
Karl reported Rima to the sheriff.
Karl rescued people from a burning building.
Karl resorted to Rima’s father.
Karl resorted to screaming and banging on the walls.
Karl retrieved Rima’s body from the river.
Karl retrieved the bag and escaped.
Karl returned to Earth.
Karl returned to Rima’s motel.
Karl returned to his apartment.
Karl returned to his corpse-like mother.
Karl returned to his room.
Karl returned to the colony.
Karl returned to the house.
Karl returned to the manor.
Karl reunited with his old friend.
Karl revealed he was forty years old.
Karl revealed his true form.
Karl revealed more.
Karl revealed the secret.
Karl reviewed the quarantine protocol.
Karl revived Rima.
Karl revived the alien organism.
Karl ripped Rima’s head off.
Karl ripped his jeans on a nail.
Karl risked his life.
Karl robbed a casino.
Karl rode away.
Karl rode the motorcycle away.
Karl rose to power.
Karl ruled the country as regent.
Karl rushed back to his post.
Karl rushed inside.
Karl rushed over.
Karl rushed to help Rima.
Karl rushed to the airlock.
Karl rushed to the control room.
Karl rushed to the jewelry dealer.
Karl rushed to the lab.
Karl rushed to the psychiatrist’s office.
Karl rushed to the room to save Rima.
Karl sabotaged Rima.
Karl sacrificed his life to allow the others to escape.
Karl said John was a nut.
Karl said Rima was an evil stepmother.
Karl said Rima was old.
Karl said Rima was ruining his life.
Karl said he didn’t know anything.
Karl said he missed being human.
Karl said it wasn’t safe there.
Karl said the shawl was his grandmother’s.
Karl said there was someone else in the room with him and Rima.
Karl sat across from Amelia at the table.
Karl sat alone.
Karl sat inside a truck.
Karl sat on a bench.
Karl sat there for a while.
Karl saved Earth from a nuclear war.
Karl saved Rima from the debris.
Karl saved Rima from the explosion.
Karl saved Rima’s life.
Karl saved himself.
Karl saved human lives.
Karl saved the Earth.
Karl saved the crew from the alien.
Karl saved the world from nuclear annihilation.
Karl saw Amelia run down the hall to the stairs.
Karl saw Rima arriving at the cafe.
Karl saw Rima sitting atop a bridge.
Karl saw Rima stab herself.
Karl saw Rima through the fog.
Karl saw Rima’s heart come out of her body.
Karl saw Walid wearing a suit.
Karl saw Walid’s wife, Rima.
Karl saw a familiar face.
Karl saw a man carrying a weapon.
Karl saw a man harming a woman.
Karl saw a man named Walid, sitting on a bench in the park.
Karl saw a motorcycle parked outside.
Karl saw a photo of him and their child.
Karl saw a sign for the beach.
Karl saw a small worm moving inside Rima’s eye.
Karl saw all the changes that were happening.
Karl saw his wife standing by the window.
Karl saw movement in the corner of the room.
Karl saw real talent in Rima.
Karl saw something breathing under the bed.
Karl saw something weird in the hallway.
Karl saw that Rima would soon pass.
Karl saw the blood on Rima’s purse.
Karl saw the teddy bear moving.
Karl saw what looked like a humanoid figure standing in the hallway.
Karl scared the monkeys off.
Karl screamed in shock.
Karl sealed everything off.
Karl searched for Rima in the basement.
Karl searched for the men.
Karl searched the room for resources.
Karl secretly took one of the alien weapons.
Karl seemed to care about Rima’s feelings.
Karl seemed to have extra interest in Rima.
Karl seemed unbothered.
Karl seemingly flirted with Rima.
Karl seems to be alone.
Karl sensed that Rima was tense.
Karl sensed the growing affection between Rima and Walid.
Karl sent Rima back to her tribe.
Karl sent his guests home.
Karl sent his men to apprehend Rima.
Karl sent the article to Amelia.
Karl sent the invitation.
Karl set fire to the entire opium farm.
Karl set the money on the fire.
Karl set up the wifi.
Karl severed the arm of one of the creatures.
Karl severely burnt Rima.
Karl shared a tender moment with his grandmother.
Karl shared his location.
Karl shared with Rima everything he learnt about the haunted manor.
Karl shook off his emotions and forced a smile.
Karl shot Rima and the bullet ricocheted back.
Karl shot at Rima.
Karl shot at the cannibals.
Karl shot his comrade.
Karl shot the alien organism.
Karl shot the cannibal.
Karl should anonymously report Amelia.
Karl should be sent instead.
Karl should change the same way.
Karl should never show his face here again.
Karl should stay away from Amelia.
Karl shouldn't be on a dirt road like that in a rented car.
Karl shouldn't drive on a dirt road like this in a rental.
Karl shouted at the waitress.
Karl showed Rima Walid’s dead body.
Karl showed Rima a picture of the weapon.
Karl showed Rima something that would change the world.
Karl showed Rima the footage of the subway accident.
Karl showed Rima the letter.
Karl showed sickness symptoms.
Karl showered quickly and changed into different clothes.
Karl simply laughed at this.
Karl skinned Walid to death.
Karl skipped a grain.
Karl slept for some more hours.
Karl slept well.
Karl slipped a note into Amelia's bag.
Karl smashed a window.
Karl smashed into another car.
Karl smelt the flowers.
Karl smelt the smell of rotten flesh.
Karl smiled at Rima.
Karl smiled whenever Amelia was around him.
Karl smoked a cigar.
Karl snarled at Rima.
Karl snuck into the laboratory.
Karl somehow acquired a master key which helped him access Amelia's hotel room.
Karl somehow followed Amelia.
Karl sounded like he was in a drunken fit of rage.
Karl spat the food into the warden’s face.
Karl spent a lot of money on Rima.
Karl spent all of his time with Amelia.
Karl spoke in a different language.
Karl spoke in his thick German accent.
Karl spoke to the senator.
Karl spoke with the real Rima.
Karl spotted a creature moving in the room.
Karl spotted someone out there.
Karl stabbed Rima in the stomach.
Karl started a coup.
Karl started asking Amelia questions.
Karl started bleeding from his head.
Karl started bleeding.
Karl started calling 911.
Karl started developing really bad symptoms.
Karl started doing his homework.
Karl started drowning.
Karl started experiencing paranormal activities.
Karl started making a bit of a scene.
Karl started pounding on the door.
Karl started running after Amelia.
Karl started saying: "Money! Money!"
Karl started shouting in pain.
Karl started spinning a story about his relationship with Rima.
Karl started the meeting.
Karl started to attempt to speak in Berber.
Karl started to become disturbed by what he was saying.
Karl started to feel sick.
Karl started to fire.
Karl started to pray.
Karl started to receive stigmata.
Karl started undressing.
Karl started vomitting in disgust.
Karl started watching another movie on his phone.
Karl started weeping blood.
Karl stayed in safe areas.
Karl stayed there for over a week.
Karl stayed with Amelia for a few hours in the room.
Karl stepped closer to get a better view.
Karl stepped closer.
Karl stepped inside and said hello.
Karl stepped on the gas and the car jumped forward.
Karl stepped up and said he had information about Rima’s whereabouts.
Karl still feels guilty.
Karl still has the upper hand.
Karl stole a gun.
Karl stole a truck.
Karl stole for Rima.
Karl stole some of his father’s tools.
Karl stole supplies.
Karl stood in front of the closet.
Karl stood on the rooftop.
Karl stood up and extended his neck out to get a better look.
Karl stood up and with a smile in his face, he said: "I really need to go."
Karl stopped Rima from going back to the bridge.
Karl stopped Rima from leaving.
Karl stopped aging at 40.
Karl stopped at Amelia's to get food.
Karl stopped by the diner.
Karl stopped chasing Amelia.
Karl stopped his actions against Rima.
Karl stopped spinning around.
Karl stopped the spacecraft.
Karl stopped the train.
Karl stormed out in frustration.
Karl strangled Amelia with the barbed wire.
Karl stroke Amelia's breasts in front of everyone.
Karl struck up a conversation with Amelia.
Karl struggled to fall asleep.
Karl struggled to form words.
Karl struggled to get the hatch open.
Karl studied the alien organism.
Karl studied the historical Jesus.
Karl studied the planet’s natural ecosystem.
Karl studied the weeping statue.
Karl studies intelligent apes.
Karl stumbled over to the fridge and took a bottle of juice.
Karl subdued the shooter.
Karl successfully brought the ship to the shore.
Karl suddenly answered.
Karl suddenly felt a pain in his chest area.
Karl suddenly felt intense pain in his feet.
Karl suddenly ran.
Karl suddenly showed up.
Karl suffered terrible demonic attacks.
Karl suited up and headed out of the space station.
Karl summoned his housekeeper to the basement.
Karl surprised everyone.
Karl survived for five more weeks.
Karl survived for four years.
Karl survived in an underground bunker.
Karl swam around briefly.
Karl switched the television on.
Karl sympathized with Amelia.
Karl sympathized with Rima.
Karl talked about his family business.
Karl talked about stigmata.
Karl talked about work.
Karl talked to the prison warden.
Karl talked to the ship’s captain.
Karl taught Rima how to shoot a gun properly.
Karl teleported Rima to Algeria.
Karl tended to Rima’s wounds.
Karl texted Amelia about it.
Karl thanked Amelia and walked away.
Karl thinks Rima’s injuries are self-inflicted.
Karl thought about Rima every minute.
Karl thought the priest was hiding something from him.
Karl thought we were all alone.
Karl threatened Rima into speaking.
Karl threatened to divorce Rima.
Karl threatened to leave with the children with or without Rima.
Karl threw Rima against the wall.
Karl threw Rima into the meat grinder.
Karl threw a torch at Rima.
Karl threw the crucifix away.
Karl threw the dynamite stick inside the bunker.
Karl told Amelia to hurry.
Karl told Amelia to look out the window.
Karl told Amelia to stop messing with him.
Karl told Rima Walid isn’t what she thinks he is.
Karl told Rima about Walid’s whereabouts.
Karl told Rima about the pilgrimage.
Karl told Rima not to give up.
Karl told Rima not to go.
Karl told Rima that she reminded him of his daughter.
Karl told Rima that the key was under the bed.
Karl told Rima was exhausted.
Karl told his mother that he knew.
Karl told his mother to calm down.
Karl told the nurse about the weirdly vivid dream he had had the previous night.
Karl took Rima down.
Karl took Rima prisoner.
Karl took Rima to McDonald’s instead.
Karl took Rima to her room.
Karl took Rima to safety.
Karl took Rima to the archdiocese.
Karl took Rima to the mosque.
Karl took Rima to the past.
Karl took Rima with him to Mars.
Karl took Rima’s drawing to his room.
Karl took a flashlight and returned to the basement.
Karl took a knife to threaten Rima.
Karl took a look through the peephole on the front door.
Karl took a step closer.
Karl took out his camera.
Karl took out his recorder.
Karl took part in the police strike.
Karl took pictures of the creatures.
Karl took shelter inside the shack.
Karl took the crucifix.
Karl took the ring from Rima.
Karl took the waitress hostage.
Karl tracked the alien creature.
Karl trained some intelligent apes.
Karl transfered four thousand dinars to Rima.
Karl trapped himself inside.
Karl traveled deeper into the dark corridor.
Karl tried breaking free.
Karl tried calming everyone down.
Karl tried his best to calm Amelia down.
Karl tried his best to maintain his trajectory.
Karl tried reanimating the alien organism.
Karl tried the door handle but the door was locked.
Karl tried to access the android’s memory but he didn’t find anything significant.
Karl tried to comfort Rima.
Karl tried to defuse the situation.
Karl tried to escape the field.
Karl tried to get out of there.
Karl tried to make Rima understand how serious the situation was.
Karl tried to move to the other side.
Karl tried to open the car door.
Karl tried to push Rima away.
Karl tried to run Rima over.
Karl tried to speak with Rima.
Karl tried to take a picture of the creature.
Karl tried to warn Rima about the explosion.
Karl triggered an explosion using the tank.
Karl triggered the alarm.
Karl turned and saw nothing.
Karl turned his flashlight off and waited.
Karl turned into a green humanoid named Hulk.
Karl turned off the TV and looked outside.
Karl turned off the faucet.
Karl turned off the light.
Karl turned on his flashlight and aimed it down below.
Karl turned the tables on Rima.
Karl turns his wives into slaves.
Karl uncovered more information about Rima.
Karl undressed.
Karl unscrewed the last bolt.
Karl unzipped his pants.
Karl urged Rima to play with him.
Karl used Rima as a hostage.
Karl used Rima’s tools.
Karl used a flashlight to distract the creatures.
Karl used all possible means to kill the alien organism.
Karl used an axe to free himself from the chains.
Karl used his combined fighting skills.
Karl used opium as a drug.
Karl used the fingerprint scanner to open the latch.
Karl used the flashlight to kill one of the creatures.
Karl used to be a general.
Karl used to live in a rough neighborhood when he was fourteen.
Karl used to live in that old shack alone.
Karl viewed the images extracted from the android’s memory.
Karl visited Amelia late last night.
Karl visited Rima at her workplace.
Karl visited Rima at home.
Karl visited Rima to see if she was OK.
Karl visited a bunch of resorts while in Algeria.
Karl visited the retirement place.
Karl visited.
Karl vomited in the toilet.
Karl walked away with his minions.
Karl walked back to Rima.
Karl walked back to his home.
Karl walked down a beautiful scenic pathway.
Karl walked down the narrow hall.
Karl walked out of the car.
Karl walked out.
Karl walked over to Rima and gave her a swift kick.
Karl walked over.
Karl walked to the end of the aisle.
Karl walked to the fire.
Karl walked towards Rima.
Karl walked upstairs and Rima followed him.
Karl wanted a place to escape.
Karl wanted a place to snowboard.
Karl wanted more.
Karl wanted to be a hero.
Karl wanted to check Algiers off his bucket list.
Karl wanted to cry, too.
Karl wanted to eliminate the clone.
Karl wanted to go somewhere private.
Karl wanted to have Rima assassinated.
Karl wanted to know why Amelia's marriage ended.
Karl wanted to prevent that.
Karl wanted to prevent the androids from being destroyed.
Karl wanted to put himself above suspicions.
Karl wanted to see where the road goes.
Karl wants Rima to see that.
Karl wants his real wife.
Karl wants to destroy the weapon.
Karl wants to do some more tests on the statue.
Karl wants to finish what the law couldn’t.
Karl wants to go to the disco on Saturday.
Karl warned Rima not to send anymore photos.
Karl warned Rima of the murderer onboard the ship.
Karl warned Rima that the air was not breathable.
Karl was John's boyhood friend.
Karl was a bit confused why he didn't get an answer.
Karl was a front desk worker.
Karl was a government physicist.
Karl was a slave.
Karl was able to explain that.
Karl was able to hang out with Rima.
Karl was able to take Rima hostage.
Karl was about to head outside when his phone rang.
Karl was about to leave.
Karl was actually just a nice person.
Karl was admitted into a federal prison in the US.
Karl was all alone.
Karl was already awake.
Karl was already dead.
Karl was already giving a weird vibe.
Karl was also a clone.
Karl was always at home.
Karl was always complaining about being short on money.
Karl was always talking about wanting to go to Chrea.
Karl was an assassin.
Karl was an elderly inmate.
Karl was annoyed with Amelia.
Karl was approaching the space station.
Karl was arrested at once and Amelia pressed charges.
Karl was arrested fourteen years ago.
Karl was assigned to the Alzheimer's ward.
Karl was at JFK Airport.
Karl was at the command center, overseeing the operation.
Karl was at the diner.
Karl was at the door.
Karl was at the greenhouse.
Karl was attacked by an unseen force.
Karl was being followed.
Karl was being taken away in an ambulance.
Karl was bound to a stick.
Karl was bringing boxes from his van into his garage.
Karl was brutally tortured.
Karl was building a laser for the government.
Karl was burnt alive.
Karl was busy investigating Rima’s corpse.
Karl was busy preparing the explosive.
Karl was called to the bridge.
Karl was castrated.
Karl was cheating on Rima with his research assistant.
Karl was cleaning the engines.
Karl was coming to Rima’s house.
Karl was complaining about the food.
Karl was completely disgusted.
Karl was completely still.
Karl was concerned about the stolen weapon.
Karl was considered by many to be the father of Rima.
Karl was controlling Rima’s android.
Karl was controlling a mechanical arm to catch the space probe.
Karl was convulsing.
Karl was cornered by the guards.
Karl was crossing the border.
Karl was crucified.
Karl was cut to pieces by the inmates.
Karl was dating a woman named Rima.
Karl was dealing with a number of restless patients that night.
Karl was decapitated.
Karl was defeated.
Karl was delirious.
Karl was desperate to convince Rima about that.
Karl was detained once again.
Karl was devastated by Rima’s death.
Karl was disappointed by his father.
Karl was disgusted by the dirtiness of Rima.
Karl was dismissed.
Karl was doing a lot of stuff.
Karl was doing something more dangerous.
Karl was dragging a wounded soldier.
Karl was dressed in all black.
Karl was eating beans in the kitchen.
Karl was electrocuted.
Karl was enchained.
Karl was excommunicated.
Karl was exercising.
Karl was explaining all that.
Karl was face to face with a kid he had never seen before.
Karl was fascinated by that.
Karl was filled with rage against humans.
Karl was filling out the application.
Karl was fixing the house.
Karl was forced to fight Walid to escape.
Karl was forced to run.
Karl was forced to wait.
Karl was frantic and irrational.
Karl was freaking Amelia out.
Karl was from corporate and visited Amelia's store on Thursday.
Karl was further intrigued.
Karl was given antibiotics through a needle.
Karl was going to be in Algeria for five weeks.
Karl was gone on a business trip as he would be often.
Karl was grabbed by the legs and pulled down.
Karl was gradually resurrected.
Karl was handed a picture that left him in shock.
Karl was having weird audible hallucinations.
Karl was hearing a child's voice from inside the house.
Karl was hit by the explosion debris in the stomach.
Karl was holding a newborn baby.
Karl was holding in a pee.
Karl was immediately questioned by cops.
Karl was immediately treated.
Karl was in a basement classroom, working on a computer.
Karl was in a different part of the store.
Karl was in a phone booth.
Karl was in a restricted area.
Karl was in a space pod.
Karl was in an alternate world.
Karl was in complete shock.
Karl was in control.
Karl was in his junior year of high school in 2005.
Karl was in his van with the engine running already.
Karl was in pain.
Karl was in the cage.
Karl was in the graveyard.
Karl was in the last classroom on the left.
Karl was in the marketplace.
Karl was in the shower.
Karl was in the toilet.
Karl was incredibly creepy and unfriendly.
Karl was informed by the doctor that he had epilepsy.
Karl was initially able to get away but he was soon captured.
Karl was inside the pyramid.
Karl was interacting with the alien organism.
Karl was interrogated by FBI agent Rima Nani.
Karl was interviewed by Larry King.
Karl was just looking for Rima’s doll.
Karl was just outside the ship.
Karl was kept contained on the space station.
Karl was kept for experiments.
Karl was kicked out of the science fair.
Karl was lifeless and covered in blood.
Karl was livid and concerned.
Karl was living in an orphanage.
Karl was locked up with Walid.
Karl was looking for the rest of the crew.
Karl was looking out the window.
Karl was looking through the glass, smiling.
Karl was losing his mind.
Karl was lost inside the pyramid.
Karl was loved and cherished.
Karl was making a big commotion.
Karl was marked with a branding iron.
Karl was mere seconds away from winning.
Karl was met by an army of apes.
Karl was mid-way through his shift when he saw Amelia walk into the store.
Karl was minding his own business.
Karl was mistreated by Rima.
Karl was more concerned about the software getting into wrong hands.
Karl was more focused on finding his friends.
Karl was murdered by a kid.
Karl was mutated by the alien substance.
Karl was near the entrance.
Karl was neglected of care.
Karl was never affiliated with Rima’s company.
Karl was never properly identified or caught.
Karl was not expected to survive.
Karl was not interested in Rima’s money.
Karl was not the only one who benefitted from that.
Karl was on a desolate highway.
Karl was on a highway.
Karl was on an Italian ocean liner.
Karl was on his way to work.
Karl was on the dance floor.
Karl was on the highest rooftop in town.
Karl was on the opposite side of the hospital.
Karl was onboard.
Karl was ousted by his partner four years ago.
Karl was outnumbered.
Karl was overpowered and defeated.
Karl was overpowered.
Karl was overseeing the operation.
Karl was paid to use the weapon.
Karl was partially raised by a Muslim family.
Karl was perfectly fine.
Karl was pretty antisocial.
Karl was punched repeatedly.
Karl was pushed away into deep space.
Karl was pushed by an invisible force.
Karl was put in the med pod.
Karl was quiet.
Karl was reading Rima’s diary out loud.
Karl was recently killed.
Karl was repeatedly whipped by an unseen force.
Karl was rescued.
Karl was resting.
Karl was ripping pages from the photo album.
Karl was sat next to two men.
Karl was saved by the only woman in the group, Rima.
Karl was saying horrible things about Amelia's current husband.
Karl was scared of falling.
Karl was scared shitless.
Karl was searching around the apartment.
Karl was searching for an exit.
Karl was seen trotting along a beach.
Karl was seen walking around with a bottle of wine.
Karl was selling opium to schoolkids.
Karl was sent to jail for multiple accounts of rape.
Karl was sent to prison for the murder of Rima.
Karl was sentenced to death.
Karl was sentenced to four years in prison.
Karl was separated from the others.
Karl was shot in the back.
Karl was sitting in the office.
Karl was sitting with friends.
Karl was sliced across the stomach.
Karl was smiling behind the glass door.
Karl was smitten when Rima walked into the restaurant.
Karl was spending a tropical vacation in the Maldives.
Karl was standing about five feet into the woods.
Karl was standing behind the door.
Karl was standing in the kitchen, making tea.
Karl was standing stiff as a statue.
Karl was staring at the Christmas tree.
Karl was still fast asleep.
Karl was still in school.
Karl was still mourning about his crew’s fate.
Karl was still unaware of the danger.
Karl was stopped by Rima.
Karl was stuck on the ship.
Karl was stunned at what those symbols meant.
Karl was supposed to die earlier.
Karl was surprised when he saw the creatures.
Karl was surprised when he saw what Rima wrote on the wall.
Karl was surrounded by a plethora of bodyguards.
Karl was switched to a different ward that night.
Karl was taken out of the cage.
Karl was talking to someone.
Karl was terrified to get to close to the pond.
Karl was tested for the disease.
Karl was the baby’s father.
Karl was the captain of the spaceship.
Karl was the co-captain.
Karl was the guest of honor.
Karl was the happiest he had ever been.
Karl was the lead scientist of the mission.
Karl was the only survivor.
Karl was there to arrest Rima’s daughter.
Karl was there to steal.
Karl was thinking about Rima.
Karl was thirsty.
Karl was tidying up.
Karl was tired of being nagged by his wife.
Karl was tired of humans.
Karl was tired of knocking.
Karl was too distraught.
Karl was too strong for Walid.
Karl was transferred to a cell.
Karl was translating the Quran into Berber.
Karl was transported to what appeared to be a hospital.
Karl was trying to catch Amelia.
Karl was trying to pry open the window.
Karl was trying to sell that place.
Karl was trying to solve Rima’s death.
Karl was unable to speak for himself.
Karl was unaware of Rima’s presence.
Karl was uncomfortable with the suburban lifestyle.
Karl was unconvinced.
Karl was unharmed.
Karl was uninjured.
Karl was unnoticed by Rima.
Karl was unregistered.
Karl was unstable and on some kind of drug.
Karl was unstoppable.
Karl was upside down, hanging by his ankles.
Karl was very bluntly staring at Amelia.
Karl was very frightened.
Karl was visited by his neighbor.
Karl was waiting for time to pass.
Karl was walking around the lobby.
Karl was walking down the aisle.
Karl was watching season 2 of Prison Break.
Karl was way too young.
Karl was wearing a new suit.
Karl was welcomed by Rima.
Karl was well over a foot taller than Amelia.
Karl was willing to lose.
Karl was willing to sacrifice people for money.
Karl was with his friends, doing some late-night ding-dong ditching.
Karl was worried about the potential nuclear war.
Karl wasn't in there.
Karl wasn't meant to be in that building.
Karl wasn't staying in the hotel.
Karl wasn’t allowed to hang out with friends.
Karl wasn’t confident about that.
Karl wasn’t talking about children.
Karl watched Rima escape.
Karl watched Rima float away in space.
Karl watched Rima from afar.
Karl watched Rima walk away.
Karl watched a psychological horror film.
Karl watched anxiously.
Karl watched his wife sleep.
Karl watched over his grandmother.
Karl watched the end of the interview on TV.
Karl watched the news about Rima.
Karl watched the pod disappear into space.
Karl watched the video again.
Karl watched videos on YouTube to take his mind off of those things.
Karl waved, but Amelia didn't wave back.
Karl went alone this time.
Karl went back inside the house.
Karl went back to bed at five am.
Karl went back to the ball room.
Karl went back to the diner.
Karl went back to the front desk.
Karl went down to get the keys.
Karl went down to the bathroom.
Karl went downstairs and took a look at the front door.
Karl went further into the ship.
Karl went home the next day.
Karl went inside and locked the door.
Karl went inside the cave to recover Rima’s remains.
Karl went out to say hi to the new neighbor.
Karl went outside to retrieve the equipment.
Karl went outside to sit in the yard.
Karl went outside.
Karl went over to Amelia's apartment again.
Karl went quiet for a few seconds.
Karl went red in anger.
Karl went somewhere private.
Karl went to Algeria and investigated the phenomenon.
Karl went to Rima’s house that evening.
Karl went to Rima’s room.
Karl went to a diner.
Karl went to a safer area.
Karl went to check the back of the house.
Karl went to check the yard to see if anyone was out there.
Karl went to college.
Karl went to explore the abandoned hospital.
Karl went to find his two co-workers.
Karl went to look for Rima’s.
Karl went to other places.
Karl went to search for Rima.
Karl went to the basement of the hospital.
Karl went to the basement.
Karl went to the bathroom at once.
Karl went to the club.
Karl went to the dairy cooler.
Karl went to the employees'-only bathroom.
Karl went to the entertainment hall.
Karl went to the fountain.
Karl went to the library.
Karl went to the local Walmart.
Karl went to the main section of the library.
Karl went to the movies with Rima.
Karl went to the nearest car rental place.
Karl went to the neighbor two doors down and asked him if he had seen Amelia.
Karl went to the window to see if Amelia's truck was still there.
Karl went upstairs to talk to his colleague on the phone.
Karl wept in frustration.
Karl wet himself.
Karl will be brought back to life.
Karl will be doing humanity a favor by killing all of those androids.
Karl will be handling the case personally.
Karl will be in his home country in less than five hours.
Karl will be long dead when Rima reaches her destination.
Karl will be staying for four months.
Karl will carry the branding mark for the rest of his life.
Karl will come back.
Karl will do anything to prevent the alien to go back home with him.
Karl will get Rima out of that house after the dinner party.
Karl will pay for that.
Karl will soon understand why.
Karl will suffer the same fate as his mother.
Karl witnessed Rima’s family leave.
Karl woke up and searched for Rima.
Karl woke up and went to the front door.
Karl woke up surrounded by the soldiers.
Karl woke up to his wife shaking him.
Karl won the game.
Karl won't be bothering Amelia again.
Karl won’t be allowed to leave the campus in the next four months.
Karl wore a blue t-shirt and jeans.
Karl wore raggy jeans.
Karl worked as a nurse in multiple hospitals and facilities.
Karl worked so hard for that.
Karl worked with difficult patients.
Karl works at a Walmart in a small town in Alabama.
Karl works for Rima as a biologist.
Karl works outside.
Karl works the night shift at Walmart.
Karl worsened the situation.
Karl would not waste his time.
Karl wouldn’t do anything stupid.
Karl yelled Amelia's name over and over.
Karl yelled at everyone.
Karl yelled both John's and Amelia's names, but no one answered.
Karl's daughter died in the womb.
Karl's dialect and mannerisms were very different from Amelia's.
Karl's hands were completely empty.
Karl's heart was still racing.
Karl's high school was built in the 1950s.
Karl's high school was really old.
Karl's mind started playing tricks on him.
Karl's next shift will be his last.
Karl's pickup truck made transporting all that stuff easy.
Karl's place is looking nice already.
Karl's screams were loud enough to wake the entire ward.
Karl's shift started.
Karl's shift was from 5 pm to 10 pm.
Karl's smile vanished as soon as Amelia started to scream.
Karl's store was open twenty-four hours a day.
Karl's truck was in the driveway during the day.
Karl's truck was in the driveway.
Karla, Carlos, and Sofia study in the same room, don't they?
Karlo has the ability to understand and create.
Karlovy Vary is famous for its hot springs.
Karl’s arm was around a really pretty girl.
Karl’s blood was disappearing from the floor.
Karl’s boat slammed into the ship.
Karl’s body was gone from the car.
Karl’s bubble of happiness burst as soon as Rima called.
Karl’s bullet hit Rima instead.
Karl’s car just passed.
Karl’s clothes were partially destroyed.
Karl’s condition didn’t improve.
Karl’s crew is already dead.
Karl’s crew perished while looking for him.
Karl’s dead body was found hanging from the hallway ceiling.
Karl’s death made Rima hungry for revenge.
Karl’s decomposing corpse is still hanging from the ceiling.
Karl’s dog followed Rima instead.
Karl’s eye fell out.
Karl’s face was impaled on the spike.
Karl’s final journey ended there.
Karl’s friends kept dying.
Karl’s hands were bleeding.
Karl’s helicopter started spinning out of control.
Karl’s house is secured by an electronic system.
Karl’s injury was bandaged.
Karl’s intestines slid out of his body.
Karl’s memory of the past four years was erased.
Karl’s mission wasn’t a total failure.
Karl’s parents were always on his back.
Karl’s parents were over the moon.
Karl’s parents were probably so disappointed in him.
Karl’s questioning was short.
Karl’s ship crashed into the enormous alien vessel.
Karl’s skull broke in half because of the impact.
Karl’s soul was let free.
Karl’s soul will never be let free.
Karl’s space pod disappeared.
Karl’s spaceship was damaged.
Karl’s story takes place in the near future.
Karl’s supplies ran out.
Karl’s tent has been stolen.
Karl’s training is complete.
Karma and yoga are themes in Hinduism.
Karma does exist in this world.
Karma is a nasty little bitch!
Karma is after you.
Karma means destiny.
Karma spares no one.
Karma will bite you hard in the face.
Karma will come to revisit you some day.
Karma will hit you very severely in the face.
Karma won't spare you at all, believe me.
Karol Pazúr has never been properly punished for the atrocities that he committed.
Karol Pazúr is a Slovakian war criminal.
Karol Pazúr was a fiend who slaughtered men, women and children, including toddlers.
Karthik is a boy. He is a good boy.
Kartik Chandran, a professor in the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in Bronx, New York, helped identify the antibodies, which were described online in the journal Cell. He is optimistic that the antibodies can be used as a single therapy to treat all Ebola viruses.
Karuizawa is famous as a summer resort.
Karzai was reelected in August 2009 for a second term.
Kasai was credited with 30 saves.
Kashgar's pomegranates are the most famous.
Kashgary’s three- and four-year-old students are all Uyghur-Americans. They are not learning the letters of English. They are learning Uyghur, a Turkic language spoken by more than 11 million ethnic Uyghurs in western China.
Kashmiri Muslims use the Perso-Arabic script to write Kashmiri, whereas Kashmiri Hindus typically use the Devanagari script instead.
Kashtanka ran back and forth but couldn't find her master. Meanwhile, it was getting dark.
Kasi admitted everything.
Kasi died at Kaysa's house.
Kasi is not stupid.
Kasi sent a message to Kaisa.
Kasi used to work here.
Kasi works with me.
Kaspersky Labs says Flame has been active for more than two years with the ability to steal information from infected machines, including documents, screenshots, and audio recordings.
Kasran took a training course in Kampala and then launched his business with $1,000 and a healthy dose of optimism, in spite of the scepticism he encountered.
Kassem had his 117,000 volumes carried by 400 camels trained to walk in alphabetical order.
Katakana and Hiragana are Japanese syllabaries.
Katakana and hiragana are syllabaries in Japanese.
Katakana is a syllabary.
Katalin dedicated her life to Esperanto.
Katalina is from Argentina. She's Argentinian.
Katanas are underpowered in d20.
Katarzyna and Milena are in the same class as Magdalena.
Kate Middleton is now Her Royal Highness Princess William Arthur Philip Louis, Duchess of Cambridge, Countess of Strathearn, Baroness Carrickfergus, Master of Arts.
Kate Middleton is now the duchess of Cambridge.
Kate absented herself from the meeting.
Kate always shows off her diamond ring.
Kate always shows off the big diamond ring she got from her fiance.
Kate always sleeps through her alarm. Speaking of which, have you seen her yet today?
Kate and Brian discuss the picture.
Kate and Emily both travelled to Mytilene via Ayvalik.
Kate broke his heart by rudely demanding he go away.
Kate came at five sharp.
Kate came home by bus.
Kate can hardly speak Chinese.
Kate captured the hearts of her classmates.
Kate checked the tasks off of her to-do list.
Kate composes music in her spare time.
Kate did her homework in the kitchen.
Kate didn't attend the meeting.
Kate drinks a lot of milk every day.
Kate drinks lots of milk every day.
Kate found the watch which she had lost.
Kate glanced at Chris and then ignored him, making him feel miserable.
Kate got a new computer two days before she turned 22.
Kate got some money from her father.
Kate had a cold.
Kate had the chance to play an important part in a film.
Kate hardly ever celebrates her birthday.
Kate has a cold.
Kate has a dog.
Kate has a fair complexion, unlike the others in her family.
Kate has a good figure.
Kate has become a full member of the royal family.
Kate has been given an opportunity to play a major role in a movie.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane does.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane has.
Kate has very good features.
Kate identifies as a straight girl.
Kate is a nice friend of mine.
Kate is admired by everybody.
Kate is as charming as her sister.
Kate is crazy about a new singer who often appears on TV.
Kate is crazy about the new singer who appears on television frequently.
Kate is dating a boy named Jim.
Kate is dressing her doll.
Kate is looked up to by everybody.
Kate is majoring in German.
Kate is no less charming than her sister is.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
Kate is running in the field now.
Kate is shorter than Anne.
Kate is smarter than any other student in our class is.
Kate is smarter than any other student in our class.
Kate is the best singer in my class.
Kate is the smartest of all the students in our class.
Kate is the smartest student in our class.
Kate is trying to walk on her tiptoes.
Kate is unfit for military service.
Kate is very charming.
Kate is very energetic.
Kate isn't popular among her classmates because she always tries to have her own way.
Kate isn't subscribed to this software.
Kate isn’t popular among her classmates because she always tries to have her own way.
Kate keeps a dog.
Kate knows how to make a cake.
Kate lay there with her eyes open.
Kate lay with her eyes open.
Kate left this place for good.
Kate likes to read tabloids.
Kate listened to the radio all day.
Kate lives in Melbourne.
Kate looks amazing.
Kate made an apple pie.
Kate made her family leave home.
Kate may become jealous.
Kate may well complain of her husband.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
Kate purchased a commercial licence to use the software in her office.
Kate ran to my father's restaurant.
Kate ran to my father’s restaurant.
Kate sketched a tree.
Kate speaks English very fast.
Kate spread the cloth over the table.
Kate stayed in Izu for the weekend.
Kate stays in Izu on weekends.
Kate stays in Izu over the weekend.
Kate sympathized with him.
Kate talked over the picture with Brian.
Kate took careful notes on the history lecture.
Kate tries to walk on tiptoe.
Kate turned a page in the magazine.
Kate wants to finish her homework by ten.
Kate wants to work in Italy, so she's learning Italian.
Kate was absent from the meeting.
Kate was astonished by his behavior.
Kate was forced to read the book.
Kate was frightened to see the big dog.
Kate was lying with her eyes open.
Kate was made to read the book.
Kate was obliged to read the book.
Kate was surprised by Brian's story.
Kate was surprised by Brian’s story.
Kate was surprised when she saw that big dog.
Kate went to a party to see her friend.
Kate went to a party to see her friends.
Kate went to school with an umbrella, but Brian didn't.
Kate went to school with an umbrella, but Brian didn’t.
Kate went to the party to see her friends.
Kate's dad walks home from the bus stop.
Kate's dog was barking at Brian at the gate at noon.
Kate's father is about the house.
Kate's father is in the vicinity of the house.
Kate's father is near the house.
Kate's father walks home from the station.
Kate's girlfriend's name is Emily.
Kate's granddaughter needed to study among the trees.
Kate's reading celebrity gossip.
Kate's stepbrother got caught using a well-known racial slur while talking about a K-pop singer.
Kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.
Kate's wish is to prove that she is a worthy actress.
Kate's younger sister turned out to be a weeb.
Kate, take a seat.
Kateb Yacine is our idol because he is one of the few, on the other side of the wall, to have claimed his full and entire millennial Algerian identity. Others have strayed into an untraceable Arabness that they confuse with Islam, which is itself multiple. His entire work and his masterpiece Nedjma are there to remind us.
Kate’s dog was barking at Brian at the gate at noon.
Kate’s father is about the house.
Kate’s father walks home from the station.
Kate’s voice is clearly different from the other girls’.
Kate’s wish is to prove that she is a worthy actress.
Kath is as fat as a pig.
Kathleen Chirico walks several dogs as part of her daily routine as a dog walker.
Kathleen is an actress.
Kathleen is studying linear algebra.
Kathleen's statements turned out to be true.
Kathleen’s statements turned out to be true.
Kathmandu is the capital of Nepal.
Kathryn Stoner is a research ecologist at the National University of Mexico. She has been studying how certain monkeys contribute to seed dispersal in a tropical forest in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas.
Kathy got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
Kathy is gazing at the stars.
Kathy left the school earlier today.
Kathy set about brightening her coworkers' day with fresh muffins when her demoniac alter ago, High Priestess Lilith, convinced her to poison them.
Kathy set about brightening her coworkers’ day with fresh muffins when her demoniac alter ago, High Priestess Lilith, convinced her to poison them.
Kati Wolf is a Hungarian singer.
Kati Wolf is a good singer.
Kati drinks every day.
Katia broke her leg falling from the ladders.
Katia can ride a bicycle without holding the handlebars.
Katia can ride a bike no-handed.
Katia flicked through the newspaper.
Katia went home by bus.
Katie Ledecky of the U.S. became the first swimmer to win a gold medal in the 800-meter freestyle in three consecutive Olympics.
Kato asked him many questions about the United States.
Kato's class consists of forty boys and girls.
Kato’s class consists of forty boys and girls.
Katrina, however, cannot compare to a colossal hurricane on Saturn.
Katrine and Martine are friends. They live in Oslo and study languages at the university.
Katrine has a boyfriend named Truls. They are engaged and will soon get married.
Katsuko is at the head of her class in English.
Katsuko leads her class in English.
Katti's work involved very small particles of gold encapsulated in a protective stabilizer from an acacia tree.
Katy's bike is not old but rather new.
Katy, could you pass me a drawing pin, please? I want to fasten these pictures right there.
Katya is ironing laundry with the new iron that Sasha gave her.
Katya is ironing the laundry with a new iron, which Sasha gave her.
Katya is reading a serious magazine.
Katya is reading an economics magazine.
Katya is riding a new bicycle.
Katya is rubbing her hands at the news.
Katya turned a page in the magazine.
Kawa is an implementation of Scheme for JVM that allows one to take advantage of all the libraries of Java.
Kay Khosrow, the son of Siavash, was born there, and he set up the miraculously powerful Fire of Victory there.
Kay respects everyone but herself.
Kaya was rather adroit at managing conflicts between her employees.
Kayaking is a lot of fun.
Kayihura distinguishes between agri-tourism and ecotourism. He says the one is basically about agriculture and individual farmers, while the other is a community affair with benefits to the local population. Kayihura also says it protects and conserves resources. He says the prospects for the agri-tourism concept are good and that it's already doing well in other parts of Africa.
Kaysa Khalifi is a Kabyle writer, from the Kabylia, she writes, translates, and publishes in newspapers. Her name is an example forever.
Kaysa has blue eyes.
Kazakh is my native language.
Kazakh transitioned into the Latin alphabet.
Kazakhstan borders China's west.
Kazakhstan declared a moratorium on capital punishment.
Kazakhstan is a very large country.
Kazakhstan is a very nice place.
Kazakhstan is called "Qazaqstan" in Kazakh.
Kazakhstan is landlocked and depends on Russia to export its oil to Europe.
Kazakhstan is one of the developed countries in Central Asia.
Kazakhstan is the largest country in Central Asia.
Kazakhstan's total oil production in 2017 climbed 10.5%.
Kazan is Tatarstan's capital.
Kazan is the capital of Tatarstan.
Kazi Monirul Kabir said that Bangladesh is a country of great potential.
Kazi Nazrul Islam was a revolutionary poet who espoused political rebellion against colonialism and fascism.
Kazu likes sports very much.
Kazu told her that he would go to Brazil in May.
Kazufumi Tanaka will be 99 years old this year.
Kazuko bared her breast and fed the baby.
Kazuko broke her promises.
Kazuko looks a lot like her older sister.
Kazuko really takes after her sister.
Kazuo is an ambitious young man.
Kaʽb al-Aḥbār suggested the Temple Mount to the caliph Umar as a place to build a mosque, not because of Mohammed, but because it was sacred to him as a Jewish convert.
Keep DVDs away from magnets.
Keep Mennad from showing up.
Keep Tom and Mary happy.
Keep Tom and me posted.
Keep Tom at home today.
Keep Tom away from Mary.
Keep Tom away from here.
Keep Tom away from me.
Keep Tom away from us.
Keep Tom busy.
Keep Tom entertained.
Keep Tom from eating too much.
Keep Tom guessing.
Keep Tom happy.
Keep Tom here.
Keep Tom inside.
Keep Tom motivated.
Keep Tom occupied.
Keep Tom on a short leash.
Keep Tom out of danger.
Keep Tom out of here.
Keep Tom out of trouble.
Keep Tom quiet.
Keep Tom safe.
Keep Tom there.
Keep a box of baking soda in the fridge to keep it smelling clean.
Keep a bucket of water nearby.
Keep a careful eye on this.
Keep a careful record of all expenses.
Keep a civil tone.
Keep a close eye on Tom and make sure he doesn't get into any trouble.
Keep a close eye on Tom and make sure he doesn’t get into any trouble.
Keep a close eye on Tom.
Keep a close eye on him.
Keep a close eye on the goats, don't let them wander too far.
Keep a cool head.
Keep a copy of that document.
Keep a diary.
Keep a dictionary within easy reach.
Keep a distance of at least three to four steps between yourself and people displaying symptoms of having the cold.
Keep a good dictionary at hand.
Keep a good eye on Tom.
Keep a good heart and go on writing.
Keep a journal at your bedside in which you record and interpret those dreams you are able to remember.
Keep a journal to express your thoughts and emotions.
Keep a list of what I owe you.
Keep a list of what you owe me.
Keep a low profile.
Keep a positive attitude throughout the day.
Keep a positive mindset even on challenging days.
Keep a positive mindset throughout your fitness journey.
Keep a record of how much you spend.
Keep a safe distance from the fireplace, it's for your own good.
Keep a sharp eye!
Keep a steady hand.
Keep a stiff upper lip.
Keep a tally of what you owe.
Keep a watchful eye on those men.
Keep a workout journal to track your progress.
Keep abreast with the times.
Keep accounts.
Keep acting like that, and you will achieve many things.
Keep aiming for your objectives.
Keep all medicines out of reach of children.
Keep all medicines out of the reach and sight of children.
Keep all the doors locked.
Keep an eye for falling rocks.
Keep an eye on Tom for me.
Keep an eye on Tom, will you?
Keep an eye on Tom.
Keep an eye on Tom. Heaven knows what he's capable of, left to his own devices.
Keep an eye on any food particles or spills that may be in the refrigerator.
Keep an eye on her.
Keep an eye on him.
Keep an eye on it.
Keep an eye on my bag for a while.
Keep an eye on my bag while I buy a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy my ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy the tickets.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I get my ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I'm buying a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase.
Keep an eye on my suitcases.
Keep an eye on pests like ants or moths, and report any issues to me.
Keep an eye on pets to ensure they don't make a mess on the floor.
Keep an eye on the baby for a while.
Keep an eye on the baby while I am away.
Keep an eye on the baby while I'm away.
Keep an eye on the bags.
Keep an eye on the boys. They're mischievous.
Keep an eye on the boys. They’re mischievous.
Keep an eye on the boys; they're mischievous.
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
Keep an eye on the door.
Keep an eye on the fish to make sure they're healthy.
Keep an eye on the freshness of fruits and vegetables in the fridge.
Keep an eye on the fuel gauge.
Keep an eye on the girls.
Keep an eye on the girls; they are poor swimmers.
Keep an eye on the kids.
Keep an eye on the naughty kid.
Keep an eye on the rabbit's nails, they may need trimming.
Keep an eye on the reaction on his face when we bring up a price.
Keep an eye on the road.
Keep an eye on the trash can, and take it out when it's full.
Keep an eye on the weather.
Keep an eye on the youngest lambs.
Keep an eye on them.
Keep an eye on things until I get back.
Keep an eye on things.
Keep an eye on this for me.
Keep an eye on this suitcase.
Keep an eye on your bag while walking.
Keep an eye on your belongings at all times.
Keep an eye on your child in the park.
Keep an eye on your enemies.
Keep an eye on your parakeet's food supply and refill as needed.
Keep an eye on your wallet.
Keep an eye out for any changes in the canary's behavior.
Keep an eye out for any changes in the parrot's behavior or appearance.
Keep an eye out for any sharp shells on the sand.
Keep an eye out for other kids running around!
Keep an eye out for pests like ants or moths and report any issues to me.
Keep an eye out for poison ivy.
Keep an eye out for potential hazards around you.
Keep an eye out for signs of wear and tear on the towels.
Keep an eye out for snakes and other dangerous creatures.
Keep an eye out for the pool's depth markers.
Keep an eye out for waves, and don't turn your back on the ocean.
Keep an eye out for your brother's safety at all times.
Keep an eye out.
Keep an inventory of the pantry's contents to avoid over-purchasing.
Keep an inventory of what's on the shelves to prevent over-purchasing.
Keep an open mind, but don't be so open-minded that your brain falls out.
Keep an open mind.
Keep appliances and kitchen gadgets organized on the counter.
Keep arms above head at all times or you will be shot on sight.
Keep as many as you need.
Keep as still as possible.
Keep at it!
Keep at it! You're almost done!
Keep aware!
Keep away from Tom.
Keep away from bad company.
Keep away from her.
Keep away from here.
Keep away from him.
Keep away from me because I have a bad cold.
Keep away from me, devil!
Keep away from me.
Keep away from me. I'm contagious.
Keep away from that dog.
Keep away from that pond, please.
Keep away from that room.
Keep away from that.
Keep away from the culture of disrespect.
Keep away from the dog.
Keep away from the electrical equipment.
Keep away from the fire.
Keep away from the horse's feet.
Keep away from the shore.
Keep away from the unlicensed taxis.
Keep away from the vertical cliff!
Keep away from them.
Keep away from there.
Keep away from us.
Keep away the DVDs from direct sunlight.
Keep away.
Keep back.
Keep being awesome.
Keep both feet firmly on the ground.
Keep both hands on the steering wheel.
Keep both of your hands on the steering wheel.
Keep breathing.
Keep buggering on.
Keep calm and be mature!
Keep calm and carry on.
Keep calm and don't overreact; it's not worth blowing things out of proportion.
Keep calm and don't stress about this small problem.
Keep calm!
Keep calm, everybody. It's only a baby dragon.
Keep calm, you're the boss.
Keep calm.
Keep cash in an envelope in your wallet and only spend that when you are out shopping.
Keep children away from medicine.
Keep children away from the pond.
Keep chocolate away from the dog.
Keep clear at all times.
Keep clear.
Keep climbing.
Keep close to the shore.
Keep cool.
Keep dancing.
Keep digging.
Keep dirty clothes in the laundry hamper, not on the floor.
Keep distance from trucks and other vehicles when driving.
Keep doing that.
Keep doing that. It feels great.
Keep doing what you're doing.
Keep doing what you've always done.
Keep doing your homework.
Keep down, or you'll be shot.
Keep down, or you’ll be shot.
Keep down.
Keep dreaming.
Keep driving, ma'am!
Keep driving, miss!
Keep driving.
Keep early hours.
Keep eating figs. They're good for health.
Keep everybody together.
Keep extra trash bags nearby so you can easily replace a full one.
Keep far away from him!
Keep fighting.
Keep fire away from this pond.
Keep focused on your goals.
Keep focused on your work.
Keep focused.
Keep following me.
Keep fooling around and I can't guarantee you'll get to stay alive.
Keep friendship with the bear! But always have your ax at hand!
Keep going fast.
Keep going forward.
Keep going in that direction.
Keep going like this.
Keep going on that path.
Keep going straight ahead!
Keep going straight on.
Keep going straight through the village.
Keep going straight.
Keep going to the end of the platform.
Keep going until you get to the roundabout.
Keep going!
Keep going! You're on the right path.
Keep going, Tom.
Keep going, and don't look back.
Keep going.
Keep going. Don't give up. You can do it.
Keep going. Don’t stop it now, Tang.
Keep her away from me.
Keep her away from us.
Keep her busy.
Keep her company.
Keep her entertained.
Keep her from eating too much.
Keep her happy.
Keep her inside.
Keep her out of here.
Keep her out of trouble.
Keep her quiet.
Keep her safe.
Keep her there.
Keep him away from me.
Keep him away from us.
Keep him busy.
Keep him company.
Keep him entertained.
Keep him from eating too much.
Keep him happy.
Keep him in mind!
Keep him inside.
Keep him occupied.
Keep him out of here.
Keep him out of trouble.
Keep him quiet.
Keep him safe.
Keep him there.
Keep him under watch.
Keep hold of him while your wife calls the police.
Keep hold of my hand if you're afraid.
Keep hold of my hand if you’re afraid.
Keep hope alive.
Keep hustling.
Keep in a place out of direct sunlight.
Keep in mind Ziri was a fourteen year old boy at the time.
Keep in mind it is difficult to find a job now.
Keep in mind that British and American English both contain several dialects and accents.
Keep in mind that I am not a linguist.
Keep in mind that I'm doing this for Tom, not for you.
Keep in mind that Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Keep in mind that Tom can't understand French.
Keep in mind that Tom doesn't speak French very well.
Keep in mind that Tom has a broken leg.
Keep in mind that Yanni's Berber is poor, too.
Keep in mind that all our flights are for non-smokers.
Keep in mind that even Job's patience can be lost.
Keep in mind that every field of knowledge has its own technical dictionary and thesaurus.
Keep in mind that language is your friend and not your enemy.
Keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health.
Keep in mind that there's no royal road to anything.
Keep in mind that there’s no royal road to anything.
Keep in mind that we'll need supplies.
Keep in mind that we're in Algeria and it gets very hot here.
Keep in mind that you must die.
Keep in mind that you're not as young as you used to be.
Keep in mind that you're not so young as you used to be.
Keep in mind that youth is not eternal.
Keep in mind that you’re not so young as you used to be.
Keep in mind that, when you leave, you'll never be able to come back.
Keep in mind what I tell you.
Keep in mind what you are going to say, not what you think.
Keep in mind what you said.
Keep in small groups.
Keep in the shade.
Keep in the shadows.
Keep in touch by mail.
Keep in touch with friends on the web at an Internet café.
Keep in touch with me.
Keep in touch with people by using social media measures instead of meeting them personally.
Keep in touch with what is happening in foreign countries.
Keep in touch!
Keep in touch, please.
Keep in touch.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
Keep it Algerian!
Keep it a secret.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
Keep it brief.
Keep it clean.
Keep it down in there.
Keep it down!
Keep it down, Tom.
Keep it down, guys.
Keep it down, will you?
Keep it down.
Keep it friendly.
Keep it going.
Keep it in a cool place.
Keep it in a safe place.
Keep it in mind for the next time.
Keep it in mind.
Keep it on you.
Keep it professional.
Keep it quiet.
Keep it real with me.
Keep it secret from Tom.
Keep it secret!
Keep it secret, please.
Keep it short.
Keep it simple, Tom.
Keep it simple, stupid.
Keep it simple.
Keep it straight.
Keep it to five words.
Keep it to remember me.
Keep it to yourself!
Keep it to yourself.
Keep it together, Michael.
Keep it together, Tom.
Keep it under guard.
Keep it under your hat.
Keep it up!
Keep it up, Tom.
Keep it up, and you'll go far.
Keep it up, guys.
Keep it up.
Keep it up. You'll go far.
Keep it warm.
Keep it!
Keep it.
Keep ivy away from gutters.
Keep kicking her seat.
Keep kids safe.
Keep laughing, it does not affect us.
Keep learning and become a polyglot.
Keep left at the next traffic light.
Keep left at the next traffic lights.
Keep listening.
Keep locked shut.
Keep looking around.
Keep looking for Tom.
Keep looking for her.
Keep looking for him.
Keep looking for them.
Keep looking.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Keep making a racket and I'll bite you.
Keep me advised.
Keep me apprised of any changes.
Keep me apprised of any further developments.
Keep me apprised of the situation.
Keep me apprised of your progress.
Keep me apprised.
Keep me company while I go to the store.
Keep me company.
Keep me in the loop.
Keep me informed of your progress.
Keep me informed.
Keep me out of this.
Keep me posted on everything.
Keep me posted, Tom.
Keep me posted.
Keep me safe from all those who want to harm me.
Keep me up to date.
Keep me updated.
Keep money in a safe place.
Keep moving forward and never give up.
Keep moving forward.
Keep moving if you're here to criticize me.
Keep moving towards your goal.
Keep moving.
Keep mum about this plan.
Keep my words in mind.
Keep next Monday free.
Keep next Sunday free.
Keep not two tongues in one mouth.
Keep notes.
Keep off my property.
Keep off the flies.
Keep off the grass!
Keep off the grass.
Keep off the religious issue when talking with him.
Keep oil away from the fire.
Keep on controlling.
Keep on dreaming.
Keep on going. You'll see a bank on your left.
Keep on going. You’ll see a bank on your left.
Keep on keeping on.
Keep on setting my heart aflame, I like it so far!
Keep on smiling.
Keep on stirring until the liquid comes to a boil.
Keep on swimming up to your limit.
Keep on the watch for anything to come.
Keep on training.
Keep on trying.
Keep on with what you're doing.
Keep on working hard!
Keep on working hard.
Keep on working when I am not there.
Keep on working while I'm away.
Keep on working.
Keep our eyes peeled.
Keep our neighborhood clean by throwing trash in the right place.
Keep out of Tom's way.
Keep out of harm's way.
Keep out of harm’s way.
Keep out of mischief.
Keep out of my room.
Keep out of my way.
Keep out of reach of children.
Keep out of sight.
Keep out of the way, please.
Keep out of this, Tom.
Keep out of this.
Keep out!
Keep out.
Keep paddling!
Keep paddling.
Keep paging Tom.
Keep paging through.
Keep people excited.
Keep pets on a leash.
Keep playing without me.
Keep playing.
Keep practicing Berber every day.
Keep practicing Berber numbers.
Keep practicing Berber.
Keep practicing on the piano until you can play the whole sonata without making a single mistake.
Keep practicing, Tom.
Keep practicing.
Keep practising.
Keep praying for us.
Keep pursuing your dreams.
Keep quiet and behave well!
Keep quiet in bed for a while.
Keep quiet!
Keep quiet, or say something worthwhile.
Keep quiet, will you?
Keep quiet.
Keep quiet. The baby is sleeping.
Keep reading.
Keep recording, no matter what happens.
Keep records.
Keep religion out of government.
Keep rowing.
Keep running.
Keep sand out of every orifice.
Keep scrolling.
Keep searching.
Keep sight of the flag.
Keep silent while he is playing the piano.
Keep silent, or I will throw you out of here.
Keep silent, or I'll throw you out of here.
Keep singing.
Keep small objects away from the baby to avoid choking hazards.
Keep smiling.
Keep something for a rainy day.
Keep speaking, because you speak well.
Keep standing.
Keep steering things back to your goals.
Keep still!
Keep still.
Keep stirring until the solution becomes translucent.
Keep stirring.
Keep stovetop cleaner and cloths within reach for easy access.
Keep straight on!
Keep striving towards your goals.
Keep studying Berber.
Keep studying French.
Keep studying Islam.
Keep studying. You're doing great.
Keep taking this antibiotic until it is gone.
Keep talking to him.
Keep talking!
Keep talking.
Keep taunting me and see what happens.
Keep telling yourself that.
Keep that ace up your sleeve. If you're going to show it, have another even further up.
Keep that ace up your sleeve. If you’re going to show it, have another even further up.
Keep that away from me.
Keep that dog away from me.
Keep that in mind.
Keep that spider away from me.
Keep that thing away from me.
Keep that to yourself.
Keep that up and you'll find yourself going back home.
Keep that.
Keep the Algerian flag.
Keep the CD player away from heat sources to prevent damage.
Keep the CD player away from water, it can damage it.
Keep the CDs away from liquids and food.
Keep the DVD player away from direct sunlight.
Keep the DVD player away from water or any liquid.
Keep the DVDs in their cases to protect them.
Keep the TV clean by dusting it regularly.
Keep the area around the stove free from clutter.
Keep the area dry and clean.
Keep the backseat clear for other passengers.
Keep the ball rolling.
Keep the bathroom counter clutter-free.
Keep the bathroom spick-and-span.
Keep the bear cub here until we can find it a better home.
Keep the camera on me.
Keep the canary's cage away from direct sunlight.
Keep the canary's cage away from drafts and cold temperatures.
Keep the car tidy by putting things back in their place.
Keep the cat away from any cleaning products, they're toxic.
Keep the cat away from any open flames or hot surfaces.
Keep the cat off the couch.
Keep the change as a tip.
Keep the change!
Keep the change, driver.
Keep the change, please.
Keep the change.
Keep the child away from the pond.
Keep the children away from the horses.
Keep the children away from the knives.
Keep the computer in a clean and dust-free environment.
Keep the conflict private.
Keep the console away from pets to avoid accidents.
Keep the console in a safe place when you're not using it.
Keep the conversation pleasant.
Keep the cook and fire everyone else.
Keep the cookies in the jar.
Keep the countertops clear of clutter for a more spacious workspace.
Keep the countertops free of clutter for a more organized kitchen.
Keep the cutting board in a dry, cool place to prevent warping.
Keep the dictionary by you.
Keep the dictionary ready at hand.
Keep the discussion centered on the main topic at hand, without any digressions.
Keep the discussion on track.
Keep the dishwasher's control panel and buttons clean to prevent them from sticking or malfunctioning.
Keep the dog away from dangerous objects.
Keep the dog out.
Keep the dog still while I examine him.
Keep the dog's vaccinations up to date.
Keep the door closed.
Keep the door locked.
Keep the door open.
Keep the engine running.
Keep the engine running. I'll be right back.
Keep the estate, but revamp the house!
Keep the faith alive!
Keep the faith.
Keep the fire alive.
Keep the fish tank away from direct sunlight.
Keep the fish tank clean to prevent bacterial growth.
Keep the floor mats clean and free from dirt.
Keep the fridge organized by arranging items neatly.
Keep the fridge's interior organized with similar items grouped together.
Keep the gaming console away from liquids, okay?
Keep the hamster away from loud noises, it can scare them.
Keep the hamster's cage away from direct sunlight and drafts.
Keep the inside of the cabinets free of clutter and unnecessary items.
Keep the keys!
Keep the keys.
Keep the kids away from the well.
Keep the kids busy.
Keep the kids indoors.
Keep the kids inside.
Keep the kitchen floor clear of any clutter or obstacles.
Keep the kitchen linens, like dish towels, clean and hung up.
Keep the kitchen sink clean.
Keep the kitchen tidy by hanging your dish towel after use.
Keep the kitchen tidy for everyone's convenience.
Keep the kitchen towels clean, and don't leave them crumpled on the floor.
Keep the kitten away from electrical cords, it's dangerous.
Keep the kitten away from open windows, they could fall.
Keep the laptop away from liquids to avoid any accidents.
Keep the laptop in a safe place when you're not using it.
Keep the lights on.
Keep the lines of communication open.
Keep the medicine away from children.
Keep the meter running.
Keep the money in a safe place.
Keep the money.
Keep the news to yourself.
Keep the pantry floor clear of clutter.
Keep the pantry well-lit to help you find items more easily.
Keep the paper in the inside pocket.
Keep the paper.
Keep the parrot away from any harmful chemicals or cleaning products.
Keep the parrot's wings trimmed to prevent it from flying away.
Keep the people that matter to you close.
Keep the picture.
Keep the plans simple, OK?
Keep the pond clean.
Keep the rabbit's living area clean to prevent any health issues.
Keep the radio away from water, okay?
Keep the refrigerator's exterior clean to prevent smudges and fingerprints.
Keep the refrigerator's interior organized with similar items together.
Keep the remote away from liquids.
Keep the remote somewhere out of Tom's reach.
Keep the remote somewhere where Tom can't reach it.
Keep the rest for yourself.
Keep the room in good order.
Keep the rope stretched tight.
Keep the rope taut.
Keep the seals and gaskets around the dishwasher door clean and free from debris to ensure a proper seal.
Keep the secret to yourself.
Keep the secret.
Keep the shelves clean and organized when they use them.
Keep the shower curtain closed to prevent water from splashing out.
Keep the sink area organized and clutter-free.
Keep the sink clean by rinsing and putting away dishes after eating.
Keep the sink empty by washing your dishes promptly.
Keep the stove clean by wiping it after cooking.
Keep the table and chairs clear of clutter when you're not eating.
Keep the table free of clutter and set it when it's time to eat.
Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.
Keep the toilet clean.
Keep the truck.
Keep the turtle's tank away from direct sunlight.
Keep the turtle's tank away from drafts and extreme temperatures.
Keep the turtle's tank away from other pets to avoid stress.
Keep the volume at a reasonable level, please.
Keep the window closed.
Keep the windows closed.
Keep the windows open.
Keep them all.
Keep them away from Tom.
Keep them away from me.
Keep them away from us.
Keep them busy.
Keep them entertained.
Keep them from eating too much.
Keep them happy.
Keep them in mind!
Keep them inside.
Keep them out of here.
Keep them out of trouble.
Keep them quiet.
Keep them safe.
Keep them separate!
Keep them there.
Keep them.
Keep these documents in a safe place.
Keep these facts in mind.
Keep these instructions.
Keep these lights on.
Keep these papers in a safe place.
Keep these rules in mind.
Keep these seats for the elderly.
Keep things simple and enjoy life.
Keep thinking about that.
Keep this a secret.
Keep this between us.
Keep this door closed.
Keep this door locked.
Keep this door open.
Keep this in a safe place.
Keep this in mind.
Keep this in your mind!
Keep this information secret.
Keep this information under your hat.
Keep this insect alive.
Keep this lesson in mind.
Keep this medicine out of the children's reach.
Keep this medicine out of the children’s reach.
Keep this money for me.
Keep this on the down-low.
Keep this product out of children's reach.
Keep this ring.
Keep this secret from Tom.
Keep this to yourself, Tom.
Keep this to yourself.
Keep this window closed.
Keep this.
Keep those people out.
Keep those potatoes hidden!
Keep to the left when driving.
Keep to the left, please.
Keep to the left.
Keep to the right when driving.
Keep to the right!
Keep to the right.
Keep to the speed limits!
Keep to these instructions carefully.
Keep to your left.
Keep to your own line.
Keep touching me.
Keep track of everything that looks promising.
Keep track of your finances.
Keep track of your progress to see how much you've improved over time.
Keep trying.
Keep under cover.
Keep up if you can.
Keep up the faith.
Keep up the good fight.
Keep up the good work and learning.
Keep up the good work!
Keep up the good work, Mr. Sakamoto.
Keep up the good work, Tom.
Keep up the good work, buddy.
Keep up the good work.
Keep up the pace.
Keep up with the times.
Keep up your courage.
Keep up your spirits.
Keep up, Tom.
Keep us advised.
Keep us all posted on your progress.
Keep us apprised of the situation.
Keep us covered.
Keep us in the loop.
Keep us informed about your progress.
Keep us informed.
Keep us posted on your progress.
Keep us posted.
Keep us updated.
Keep very still.
Keep vigilant!
Keep walking and don't look back.
Keep walking straight ahead.
Keep walking.
Keep warm.
Keep washing your hands.
Keep watch on him.
Keep watch on that man.
Keep watching to find out how to do that.
Keep what you have just seen on your mind.
Keep whatever you want.
Keep where I can see you.
Keep women safe.
Keep working at it.
Keep working hard with your Japanese studies! I'll do my best with English, too.
Keep working hard!
Keep working on it.
Keep working towards what you want.
Keep working, Tom.
Keep working.
Keep writing.
Keep yappin', man.
Keep your Japanese etiquette for yourself. I'm just a visitor in Japan.
Keep your advice to yourself from now on.
Keep your advice to yourself.
Keep your apples. I don't want them.
Keep your apron in a clean and dry place when you're not using it.
Keep your aprons and dish towels hung up neatly.
Keep your arms bent.
Keep your arms close to your body.
Keep your attention on your schoolwork.
Keep your back straight!
Keep your back straight.
Keep your bedroom clean and organized.
Keep your belongings organized and don't leave them unattended.
Keep your belongings organized to avoid losing them.
Keep your big nose out of our family business.
Keep your books and notebooks neatly stacked on the shelf.
Keep your brother away because he's bothering us.
Keep your brother entertained and out of trouble, okay?
Keep your cats indoors.
Keep your children close.
Keep your children off the street.
Keep your chin up!
Keep your chin up, bitch, the May holidays approach!
Keep your chin up.
Keep your cigarettes dry.
Keep your classroom clean.
Keep your classroom tidy.
Keep your clothes clean.
Keep your clothes in the closet, not on the floor.
Keep your clothes organized in the wardrobe.
Keep your coat on.
Keep your collection of toys in the designated storage bins.
Keep your composure.
Keep your computer and its peripherals clean and dust-free.
Keep your cool and answer with clarity and precision.
Keep your cool and move on.
Keep your cool.
Keep your criticism to yourself.
Keep your cutting boards and knives clean and dry after using them.
Keep your desk clutter-free for better concentration.
Keep your desk clutter-free for studying.
Keep your dirty hands off me!
Keep your dirty hands off me.
Keep your distance from any wild animals you encounter.
Keep your distance from people who cause you pain.
Keep your distance from strangers and don't talk to them.
Keep your distance from that dog.
Keep your distance from that room.
Keep your distance from the snakes, they can be venomous.
Keep your distance from those who cause you pain.
Keep your distance! You're too close if an animal starts to stare, fidget or flee. Slowly back away and stay at least 150 feet (50 meters) away.
Keep your distance.
Keep your dog away from me.
Keep your dog chained up to the tree.
Keep your dog on a leash.
Keep your door closed and don't let anyone in.
Keep your door locked and don't let anyone in.
Keep your door open.
Keep your dresser drawers organized.
Keep your ears open for solutions.
Keep your ears open.
Keep your ears wide open! I have to say something.
Keep your elbows off the table.
Keep your enemies closer.
Keep your engine running.
Keep your environment clean.
Keep your eye on Tom.
Keep your eye on her.
Keep your eye on him.
Keep your eye on that group of men over there.
Keep your eye on the ball.
Keep your eye on the ball. Bend your knees.
Keep your eyes closed until I say that you should open them.
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.
Keep your eyes closed.
Keep your eyes on Tom.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Keep your eyes on the horizon.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
Keep your eyes on the road.
Keep your eyes open and be careful.
Keep your eyes open for any floating debris.
Keep your eyes open for lifeguards and follow their instructions.
Keep your eyes open, it's going to happen fast.
Keep your eyes open.
Keep your eyes peeled for a taxi!
Keep your eyes peeled for the next one.
Keep your eyes peeled!
Keep your eyes peeled, people.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Keep your eyes peeled; we're on the lookout for a new table.
Keep your eyes shut.
Keep your eyes to yourself.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage and half shut afterwards.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Keep your eyes wide open!
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows.
Keep your feet on the pedals.
Keep your feet warm.
Keep your filthy hands off.
Keep your fingers away from your mouth.
Keep your fingers away from your nose, sweetheart.
Keep your fingers crossed for me!
Keep your fingers crossed.
Keep your fridge organized and remove expired items to avoid clutter.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Keep your friendship with the bear! But always have an ax ready!
Keep your gaming accessories in one place for easy access.
Keep your granddaughter away from my dog.
Keep your greedy hands off my money.
Keep your grimy hands off me.
Keep your grubby paws off my stuff!
Keep your guard up.
Keep your guinea pig away from harmful plants.
Keep your gun handy.
Keep your hair on!
Keep your hand still.
Keep your hands above the table.
Keep your hands away from the stove, it can burn you.
Keep your hands busy with something else and avoid picking your nose.
Keep your hands clean by washing them regularly.
Keep your hands clean.
Keep your hands inside the ride at all times.
Keep your hands off her.
Keep your hands off him.
Keep your hands off me if you know what's good for you.
Keep your hands off me.
Keep your hands off my bicycle.
Keep your hands off my bike!
Keep your hands off my daughter!
Keep your hands off my money.
Keep your hands off my stuff.
Keep your hands off my typewriter.
Keep your hands off the trigger until you're ready to shoot.
Keep your hands on the car!
Keep your hands on the wheel.
Keep your hands out of your pockets.
Keep your hands still.
Keep your hands to yourself.
Keep your hands to yourselves.
Keep your hands up.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Keep your head about you.
Keep your head above water.
Keep your head attached to your shoulders.
Keep your head down and do as you're told.
Keep your head down and try to blend in.
Keep your head down.
Keep your head low.
Keep your head on your shoulders.
Keep your head up.
Keep your home warm.
Keep your house clean.
Keep your ideas to yourself.
Keep your intentions pure.
Keep your kitchen towels and cloths neatly hung or folded.
Keep your mask on and make sure you can see properly.
Keep your mind on the job.
Keep your money in a safe place.
Keep your money. I don't want it.
Keep your mouth closed when you chew food.
Keep your mouth shut and do as you're told.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Keep your mouth shut!
Keep your mouth shut.
Keep your mouth shut. Okay?
Keep your nose clean.
Keep your nose out of my business.
Keep your opinions to yourself.
Keep your own counsel!
Keep your pants on.
Keep your passwords strong and don't share them with anyone.
Keep your personal belongings secure.
Keep your personal hygiene by washing your hands and wearing a mask at all times.
Keep your phone on.
Keep your place.
Keep your plans secret.
Keep your powder dry.
Keep your promise!
Keep your promise.
Keep your promises and be reliable.
Keep your promises.
Keep your puppy away from harmful chemicals or plants.
Keep your puppy's water bowl filled throughout the day.
Keep your purse and your mouth closed.
Keep your revolver near you night and day, and never relax your precautions.
Keep your room as neat as you can.
Keep your room as tidy as possible.
Keep your room clean.
Keep your room neat and tidy.
Keep your school bag organized with all the necessary supplies.
Keep your seats.
Keep your shirt on!
Keep your shirt on.
Keep your shirt tucked in.
Keep your shoes clean.
Keep your shoes in the designated area, not scattered.
Keep your shoes in the shoe rack, not scattered around.
Keep your shoes off the seats, okay?
Keep your shoes on.
Keep your shoulders straight.
Keep your skills sharp.
Keep your smile bright by brushing those teeth, my dear.
Keep your snarky comments to yourself.
Keep your son from having his own way.
Keep your speech short.
Keep your spirits up.
Keep your stinking hands off me.
Keep your stones connected.
Keep your stuff together.
Keep your suitcase closed.
Keep your thoughts to yourself.
Keep your thoughts to yourselves.
Keep your tips to yourself.
Keep your tools organized.
Keep your tortoise's environment clean and hygienic.
Keep your toys away from the TV, they can scratch it.
Keep your toys away from the baby's reach.
Keep your voice down in the library.
Keep your voice down!
Keep your voice down, Tom.
Keep your voice down, please.
Keep your voice down.
Keep your weapons ready.
Keep your weird obsessions to yourself.
Keep your whore away from my husband.
Keep your windshield as clean as possible.
Keep your wish secret in case it is not fullfilled.
Keep your wits about you.
Keep your word!
Keep your word; otherwise you'll end up losing face.
Keep your word; otherwise you’ll end up losing face.
Keep your workspace organized and tidy.
Keep yourself alive during winter.
Keep yourself in good health.
Keep.
Keeping Mario in a state in which he can throw fireballs is a delicate process; that newfound power sometimes makes one cocky and careless.
Keeping a car is a considerable expense.
Keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life.
Keeping a diary is a good habit.
Keeping a diary is an excellent way to keep track of events from your past and to think about your future.
Keeping a healthy weight is crucial.
Keeping a horse is a big responsibility.
Keeping a speech short is always good.
Keeping clean can boost your confidence.
Keeping early hours is good for the health.
Keeping existing clients is just as important as finding new ones.
Keeping in touch is a two-way street.
Keeping respect in mind is crucial.
Keeping the kitchen cabinets clean and organized makes meal preparation and daily life more efficient for everyone.
Keeping the kitchen clean and organized includes proper disposal of used napkins.
Keeping the news about their divorce secret until after her sick mother's death makes sense.
Keeping the suit on, Dima walked out of the changing room and stated that he wanted to make the purchase.
Keeping this car in good condition is expensive.
Keeping this car in good nick costs a lot.
Keeping this museum open is the right thing to do.
Keeping up with Joneses.
Keeping up with the Joneses is expensive in rich town like Beverly Hills.
Keeping what belongs to another amounts to stealing.
Keeping your heart fit and strong can slow down the ageing of your brain, say researchers.
Keeton put magnets on the heads of his pigeons.
Keeton supposed that perhaps bird and animals know about these lines.
Keeton wanted to know if this is true.
Kefir is a very popular probiotic drink that can contribute to improving the health of the gut.
Keg's downstairs.
Kei is startled by that question, but shakes her head as it to say that it's nothing.
Kei is startled by that question, but shakes her head as it to say that it’s nothing.
Kei's very lucky! He has been since his birth.
Keiichi, the tempura's done, so bring a plate.
Keiichi, the tempura’s done, so bring a plate.
Keiji Muto is IWGP champion.
Keike bought a pair of yellow trousers and a blue shirt.
Keiko and Ichiro parted with mutual consent.
Keiko bought a new shelf, on which she put her dolls.
Keiko buried her head in the pillow and cried.
Keiko deftly piles up the cutlery and takes them to the sink.
Keiko deftly piles up the dishes and takes them to the sink.
Keiko has a good figure.
Keiko informed him of her safe arrival.
Keiko informed me of the arrival of his plane.
Keiko is a singer.
Keiko is at the head of her class.
Keiko is kind, isn't she?
Keiko is kind, isn’t she?
Keiko is proud of her family.
Keiko is studying furiously.
Keiko isn't as tall as I.
Keiko isn’t as tall as I.
Keiko sings.
Keiko's parents talked her out of dating him.
Keiko, any buttered toast?
Keiko, do you have any buttered toast?
Keiko’s parents talked her out of dating him.
Keir Starmer claims the Labour Party are the real conservatives.
Keir Starmer is a Tory.
Keir Starmer is a conservative.
Keir Starmer sees himself as a conservative.
Keira has just left to pick up her exam results.
Keisuke has always studied in this mansion. That style known as 'home schooling', right?
Keisuke has always studied in this mansion. That style known as ’home schooling’, right?
Keisuke is taller than I am.
Keisuke is taller than I.
Keisuke is taller than me.
Kei’s very lucky! He has been since his birth.
Kek.
Kelantan is one of the states in West Malaysia.
Keli’s child is funny.
Kelly Murphy, owner of a local nutrition store, has gotten to know Paulin, who comes in regularly to get his favorite smoothie.
Kelly brought the matter to light.
Kelly carries the news department.
Kelly cleared his throat and begin to speak.
Kelly cut physical education and went home.
Kelly eats like a horse.
Kelly has an eye for good English.
Kelly shops for wood all over the city. He found some of his latest guitar-quality wood in a trash receptacle — planks and beams from a Serbian Orthodox church that burned down earlier this year.
Kelly struck a match and put it to his pipe.
Kelly will appear on TV.
Kelly worked until he dropped.
Kelly's favorite stuffy is a fluffy, red teddy bear with big eyes.
Kelly's latest book appeared last week.
Kelly's voice carries well.
Kelly, 64, began using reclaimed wood from old hotels, bars, churches and other buildings about 10 years ago when film director Jim Jarmusch offered him wood from his loft ceiling.
Kelly, watch the stars!
Kelly’s latest book appeared last week.
Kelly’s voice carries well.
Kelp is the backbone of Monterey Bay coastal ecology.
Kelvin–Helmholtz waves are found across the universe wherever two materials of different density move past one another. They can be seen in cloud formations around Earth and have even been observed in other planetary atmospheres in our solar system.
Kemal Tahir narrates the occupation days of Istanbul in 1920s in his book named "The People Of The Slave City".
Kemalism is the bleeding wound of the Near East.
Kemono no Sōja Erin, a Japanese anime series, entails some creative biology in its giant beasts and an interesting invented language, which adorns ancient books.
Ken Takakura wasn't used to his new job.
Ken admired Tom's courage.
Ken already went to England.
Ken always plays soccer.
Ken always stands up for his mom when his parents quarrel.
Ken always sticks up for his mother when his parents argue.
Ken always takes his mother's side when his parents argue.
Ken always takes his mother’s side when his parents argue.
Ken and Joe went to the park to play tennis.
Ken and his brother are very alike.
Ken and his brother are very much alike.
Ken and his little brother are very alike.
Ken and his older brother share a room.
Ken appears a friendly person.
Ken appears to be a friendly person.
Ken asked about his father's condition.
Ken beat me at chess.
Ken believed Tom.
Ken believes Tom.
Ken bought a fine wine for his father on his birthday.
Ken called on his teacher yesterday.
Ken calls me every day.
Ken came up to me.
Ken can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
Ken can swim well.
Ken can swim, can't he?
Ken can swim, can’t he?
Ken can trust Tom.
Ken caught Tom.
Ken climbed down from the tree.
Ken collects old coins.
Ken complained of a headache.
Ken complains of a headache.
Ken couldn't recall his name.
Ken couldn't recall that man's name.
Ken couldn't remember his name.
Ken couldn't remember that guy's name.
Ken couldn’t recall his name.
Ken cried for help.
Ken dare not try again.
Ken dashed up the slope.
Ken decided on going abroad.
Ken decided to go abroad.
Ken despises Tom.
Ken detests Tom.
Ken did that.
Ken did warn Tom.
Ken didn't have the courage to try it again.
Ken didn't have the nerve to try it again.
Ken didn't hear Tom.
Ken didn't know what to say next.
Ken didn't want to listen to me.
Ken didn't work hard enough, so he failed the exam.
Ken didn’t have the courage to try it again.
Ken didn’t have the nerve to try it again.
Ken didn’t work hard enough, so he failed the exam.
Ken does like Tom.
Ken doesn't know where his notorious dog is.
Ken dreamed of Tom.
Ken drove Tom to the hospital.
Ken easily cleared the fence.
Ken finally accomplished what he set out to do.
Ken folded the blanket in half.
Ken folded the sheet in half.
Ken found Tom.
Ken gave up.
Ken goes swimming day after day.
Ken goes to school by bus.
Ken got Tom.
Ken has a guitar.
Ken has a lot more books than you.
Ken has a white dog.
Ken has arrived in Kyoto.
Ken has been looking for you.
Ken has been to England before.
Ken has located Tom.
Ken has made it.
Ken has many more books than I do.
Ken has many more books than you.
Ken has memorized a large number of Japanese songs.
Ken has more books than you.
Ken has never been to New York.
Ken has never visited Kyoto.
Ken has no more than ten books.
Ken has not been here since this morning.
Ken has not washed the car yet.
Ken has to run fast.
Ken has two cats.
Ken heard Tom.
Ken helped Tom.
Ken hit on a good idea.
Ken hugged Tom’s fiancée.
Ken ignored Tom.
Ken inquired about his father.
Ken is a coin collector.
Ken is a football player.
Ken is a good swimmer.
Ken is a soccer player.
Ken is about as tall as Bill.
Ken is an eager student.
Ken is as tall as Bill.
Ken is busy now, isn't he?
Ken is busy now, isn’t he?
Ken is busy this afternoon.
Ken is concerned about Tom.
Ken is eating breakfast at the kitchen.
Ken is going to meet Tom at the airport.
Ken is going to the United States at the end of July.
Ken is good at swimming.
Ken is happy.
Ken is kind to the girls.
Ken is not as young as Tom.
Ken is not the type of person who loses his temper easily.
Ken is older than Seiko.
Ken is quite an athlete.
Ken is shorter than Tom.
Ken is smaller than Tom.
Ken is so busy that he can't come.
Ken is so busy that he can’t come.
Ken is tall, I am not.
Ken is tall, but I'm not.
Ken is tall, but I’m not.
Ken is tall, just like Bill.
Ken is tall, not me.
Ken is the best guy to communicate with Mr. Ogata. That is, if he prepares presentation materials.
Ken is the taller of the two.
Ken is the taller of them.
Ken is the youngest of the four.
Ken is too busy to come.
Ken is waiting for the arrival of the train.
Ken is waiting for the train to come.
Ken is walking on crutches.
Ken isn't brave enough to try again.
Ken isn’t brave enough to try again.
Ken joined the baseball club.
Ken jumped over the wall.
Ken just saw Tom.
Ken keeps two cats.
Ken kept on singing that song.
Ken kissed Tom's girlfriend.
Ken kissed Tom’s fiancée.
Ken kissed Tom’s girlfriend.
Ken knows Tom.
Ken laid aside some money each week.
Ken laid down his arms.
Ken leaped over the wall.
Ken leapt over the wall.
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart.
Ken lets his children have their own way, so they stay up late at night.
Ken lighted the candles.
Ken likes camping.
Ken likes music very much.
Ken lit the candles.
Ken looks happy.
Ken made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
Ken makes his own bed every morning.
Ken makes it a rule to get up early.
Ken may well be glad about the result of the test.
Ken met Tom here.
Ken met her on his way home.
Ken missed Tom.
Ken mistook you for me.
Ken must be home by now.
Ken must run fast.
Ken needs to run fast.
Ken offered Tom a gift.
Ken painted his bicycle white.
Ken pays Tom well.
Ken plays football every day.
Ken plays soccer every day.
Ken put his shirt on inside out.
Ken put on his clothes.
Ken ran up the hill.
Ken ran up the slope.
Ken runs faster than you.
Ken runs fastest of the three.
Ken sat next to me.
Ken saved his face by passing the examination.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
Ken seems to have a terrible cold.
Ken shared his room with his older brother.
Ken shared the room with his elder brother.
Ken shared the room with his older brother.
Ken shot Tom.
Ken spends an increasing amount of time at work.
Ken stands on the diving board.
Ken still hasn't washed the car.
Ken stopped talking and began to eat.
Ken studied English last night.
Ken studies not only English but French.
Ken talked with his friends yesterday.
Ken talks as if he knew everything.
Ken thought that Tom was sleeping.
Ken threw a sushi party at his house.
Ken told his dog to wait there.
Ken told me he got 95 on the math exam, but that's a bunch of baloney.
Ken told me he got 95 on the math exam, but that’s a bunch of baloney.
Ken took the examination with confidence.
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake.
Ken undressed Tom.
Ken visited his teacher yesterday.
Ken walked on crutches.
Ken wants a bicycle.
Ken wants to be a baseball player.
Ken wants to get better at his English.
Ken was always so stiff that it surprised everyone to see him out on the dance floor.
Ken was at a loss what to say next.
Ken was fined 7,000 yen for speeding.
Ken was in Japan last year.
Ken was looking for you.
Ken was reading when I came home.
Ken was running at that time.
Ken was running beside me.
Ken was studying when I visited him.
Ken was waking Tom up.
Ken was worried about the exam and everything.
Ken wasn't running.
Ken wasn’t running.
Ken went as far as Aomori this summer.
Ken went into the hogan.
Ken went to the park to meet Yumi.
Ken went to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Ken will ask Tom.
Ken will be 15 next year.
Ken will be at home until noon.
Ken will be fifteen next year.
Ken will be invited to the party by her.
Ken will bring Tom.
Ken will follow Tom.
Ken will grow into his brother's clothes by the end of the year.
Ken will grow into his brother’s clothes by the end of the year.
Ken will notify Tom.
Ken will work as an area manager for this convenience store starting this Spring.
Ken wishes to brush up his English.
Ken woke Tom up.
Ken'nichi made a pond in the shape of Lake Geneva.
Ken's careless driving has caused his mother great anxiety.
Ken's dog is very big.
Ken's dog is very fat.
Ken's dog is white.
Ken's father loved Ken all the more because he was his only son.
Ken's really a chip off the old block.
Ken's really got computers on the brain.
Ken's story was as follows.
Ken's talks always appeal to us.
Ken's team is likely to win.
Ken's team will win nine cases out of ten.
Ken's turn came.
Ken's uncle has a big chicken farm.
Ken's uncle has a large poultry farm.
Ken, I love you.
Ken, who is a graduate student, went to the United States last year.
Kendo has competitive matches, but in Iaido there are none.
Kendo involves dueling between two people who are each equipped with a sword-like stave made of bamboo.
Kendo is a Japanese martial art which uses bamboo swords and protective armour.
Kendo is a Japanese martial art.
Kendo is a martial art.
Kendo is an ancient Japanese martial art that dates back to the time of the samurai warriors.
Kenichi Matsuyama's acting is very good.
Kenichi Matsuyama’s acting is very good.
Kenji abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
Kenji decided to become a cook.
Kenji flatters himself that he is quite handsome.
Kenji is a good speaker of English.
Kenji is a tennis player.
Kenji is always the first to come to school.
Kenji plays tennis.
Kenji told his friends a story about his trip to India.
Kennedy Airport, please.
Kennedy already said weather modification was a weapon.
Kennedy says the Chinese public will also see what she calls underappreciated American masters like social realist Thomas Hart Benton, who will be represented by five paintings, part of a series called the American Historical Epic.
Kennedy scored 39 points and made 17 assists in today's game.
Kennedy spoke about the issue.
Kennedy spoke about weather control using as a weapon.
Kennedy was a Navy hero in World War II.
Kennedy was a Navy hero in World War Two.
Kenner’s Merchants of Doubt is a smart and entertaining film that throws light on global warming and attempts to simplify and sensationalize the global warming acrimony.
Kenneth Copeland is the new Uri Geller.
Kenneth Hoagland was disturbed by what he called the bacchanalian aspects of prom-night festivities — including drinking binges, sex parties at motels, and tragic highway crashes.
Kenneth Starr abused his power again and took away my right to get on-line.
Kenneth and Mary are kissing cousins.
Kenny G is an American saxophonist.
Kenny G is one of the best-selling musical artists of all time.
Kenny Gorelick murdered the soprano saxophone.
Kenny, Aaron, and Paul are so rowdy in the kiddie pool that they can never avoid having water splash out.
Keno baked cookies for Tom.
Kensuke and Touji went out of their way to come to the station.
Kent is a born leader.
Kent is the born leader.
Kent was their family doctor; he was not able to come before the evening, and found that the boy had pleurisy in the right side.
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto.
Kentaro was tired and moreover his car's engine had got hot so he stopped driving.
Kentaro was tired and moreover his car’s engine had got hot so he stopped driving.
Kentucky screams "fuck".
Kenya aims to plant billions of trees in coming years to fight climate change and is enlisting mobile technology to help make it happen.
Kenya became independent in 1963.
Kenya gained its independence in 1963.
Kenya is a source of emigrants and a host country for refugees.
Kenya is embarking on a pilot program to overhaul its education system.
Kenya is expanding cultivation of a relatively new nutritious, drought-resistant forage grass for cattle that could boost milk production, resulting in higher incomes for families.
Kenya is the country of origin of aardvarks.
Kenya is under siege by swarms of maturing desert locusts that threaten to ruin farmers’ crops and pastures.
Kenya officially launched its HPV vaccination program Friday in the coastal town of Mombasa.
Kenya used to be a British colony.
Kenya will be getting new support to prevent and treat HIV/AIDS among adolescent girls.
Kenya's real GDP growth has averaged over 5% for the last decade.
Kenyan Wangari Maathai won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 for her campaign to reforest Africa. American Jody Williams was recognized in 1997 for her work to ban landmines.
Kenyan authorities have begun a mass vaccination of girls against the human papilloma virus, HPV, which causes cervical cancer.
Kenyans have come up with a variety of methods to try to eradicate the problem plant, including breeding a microorganism that feeds on the cactus and also turning it into food for humans.
Kenya’s Constitution and Justice Minister said the country will be going through a rebirth after President Mwai Kibaki promulgates the newly adopted constitution Friday at Uhuru Park in the capital, Nairobi.
Kenya’s Maasai Mara National Reserve normally has almost as many tourists as wildebeests for the annual great migration of wildlife from Tanzania.
Kenya’s first private school for pregnant teenagers, teen mothers and their babies, opened its doors earlier this month.
Ken’nichi made a pond in the shape of Lake Geneva.
Ken’s careless driving has caused his mother great anxiety.
Ken’s dog is very big.
Ken’s dog is white.
Ken’s father loved Ken all the more because he was his only son.
Ken’s really a chip off the old block.
Ken’s really got computers on the brain.
Ken’s story was as follows.
Ken’s talks always appeal to us.
Ken’s team will win nine cases out of ten.
Ken’s turn came.
Ken’s uncle has a big chicken farm.
Keoko, sit!
Keosuvanh said the floodwaters destroyed 95 percent of the homes in the village.
Kepler has found a diverse array of planets, including exotic, multi-planet solar systems.
Kepler has found that smaller planets (Earth-sized rather than Jupiter-sized) are likely to be the most common in the Milky Way galaxy.
Kepler uncovered several planets that are about the same size as Earth and orbit within the star's habitable zone, where liquid water, which is necessary for life, can exist.
Ker's mother was forced to be a concubine and to work in the garden, and Ker was forced to gather red hibiscus leaves for tea and to tend to the goats.
Keratin is a fibrous protein produced by chordates. It may be found in hair, skin, claws, and wool.
Keratin is one of a family of fibrous structural proteins known as scleroproteins.
Keratoconus is an eye condition that affects the shape of the cornea, which is the clear outer covering of the eye.
Kerf is waste.
Keri is a gifted painter. Indeed, she has an extraordinary talent for painting.
Kerry's on TV!
Kerry: "Crimea in exchange for Siberia!"
Kerry’s on TV!
Ketamine deserves better than to be associated with that man.
Ketamine is a reset button for the brain.
Ketchup and mustard are condiments.
Ketchup sales reportedly were up 300% since the start of the pandemic, causing shortages, particularly of single-serving packets used by fast food chains.
Ketchup should be thick.
Keti Volf is a good singer.
Kettle's on. What do you fancy?
Ketupat and rendang are often served during Hari Raya.
Keurig sold almost 10 billion K-cups in 2014.
Kevin McCarthy doesn't do anything of his own volition.
Kevin McCarthy is owned by extremists representing a tiny fraction of Americans.
Kevin McCarthy is the most pathetic person in U.S. politics.
Kevin Sumption, the chief executive of the Australian National Maritime Museum, is adamant the Endeavour has been located.
Kevin blew out all the candles with one breath.
Kevin gave up the idea of going to Canada.
Kevin has bought a diamond ring and is going to pop the question to Kim tonight.
Kevin loves playing the guitar.
Kevin was brought up by his aunt in the country.
Kevin's mother is in a rest home in Chicago.
Kevyn was an online Filipino friend who lived in my North American metropolis. He was an enthusiast of conlangs, such as Toki Pona and Elefen. He wrote a poem in my own conlang Vong. Dear to him was the comparative deep study of religions. He grew up Roman Catholic, but later grew to like Hinduism. In his religious studies, he did not neglect the sexual aspect. I noticed that he had an Oriental face.
Key economic challenges for Morocco include reforming the education system and the judiciary.
Key sectors of Albania's economy include agriculture, mining, energy, and tourism.
Key takeaways from Johnson’s remarks included that young British men will still be able, post-Brexit, to enjoy wild stag (bachelor) parties in central Europe — something that won’t necessarily reassure the residents of Prague, Budapest or Krakow, who are increasingly irritated by the rowdiness of young vacationing British males.
Keyboard warriors are dying now that their IP addresses have been made public.
Keynes participates at the Breton-Woods Conference.
Key’s song gained popularity as a patriotic ditty, especially during and after the American Civil War in the 1860s.
Khabarovsk is among the largest cities of the Russian Far East.
Khadija is a Kuwaiti citizen.
Khadija said "Never! By Allah, Allah will never disgrace you. You keep good relations with your kith and kin, help the poor and the destitute, serve your guests generously and assist the deserving calamity-afflicted ones.
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer.
Khaled is a Kuwaiti citizen.
Khalid from Saudi Arabia was a friend in university, UBC. He rented an apartment near the planetarium of Vancouver, BC. He had spontaneous whims like us hiking up Black Tusk mountain with his leather shoes on, one sunny, but chilly day.
Khalid has a variety of pens.
Khalifa Haftar holds American nationality.
Khalifa Haftar is a Libyan-American warlord.
Khalifa Haftar is a bloody dictator.
Khalifa Haftar is nothing more than a warlord.
Khalifa Haftar's "army" is composed of mercenaries.
Khan was born in London to Pakistani immigrant parents. The family moved to the United States when she was 11 and settled in New York City. Khan went to Williams College in Massachusetts, where she edited the school newspaper and completed her thesis on the political theorist Hannah Arendt.
Khartoum is the capital of Sudan.
Khat, the red-stemmed, green-leafed plant that is chewed for its amphetamine-like properties, is grown in Kenya and Ethiopia but is very popular in Somalia, Djibouti and Yemen.
Khatia Buniatishvili's powerful hands rose and returned to the piano with exacting force as she played the last chord of a Rachmaninoff concerto.
Khaw San is on medical leave, so I am alone in the office.
Khea Chang's family immigrated to Vancouver, Canada, from Taiwan, making her a first-generation Canadian studying international relations at Boston University.
Khea said that she had a hard time explaining her Chinese culture and roots to Justin.
Kheireddine Zetchi is the president of the Algerian Football Federation.
Kheireddine Zetchi is the president of the Algerian Soccer Federation.
Kheloui Lounès is a great Kabyle singer of popular music.
Khmer is the official language of Cambodia.
Kibbeh is of Arab origin.
Kibune is in Kyoto.
Kick arrogant people out of your life.
Kick as hard as you can.
Kick her!
Kick him!
Kick him.
Kick it.
Kick me.
Kick misery out the door and it will return through the window.
Kick off your shoes.
Kick the ball!
Kick the ball.
Kick the door in.
Kick this fag.
Kick with your legs straight to go forward.
Kick!
Kick! Kick!
Kick.
Kickboxing is great cardiovascular exercise.
Kicking them out won’t lower the unemployment rate, or lighten anyone’s taxes, or raise anybody’s wages.
Kickoff is just around the corner for Super Bowl LI.
Kid! Can't you hear? Hand him the hammer and hold the nail!
Kid's a hustler.
Kid, don't touch the mirror!
Kid, let's go with Dad to the rice field!
Kid, stir the chocolate, so that it doesn't stick.
Kidding! I was simply invited to go out to dinner.
Kiddo! Two medium-size drafts here.
Kidnappers usually want lots of money before they release a person.
Kidnapping, repression, aggression, beating, unfair condemnations, imprisonment are the daily lot reserved for Kabylia and the Kabyle people to bring them to their knees.
Kidney beans shouldn't be eaten raw.
Kids adore sweets.
Kids and fools always tell the truth.
Kids are able to watch cartoons on TV for hours.
Kids are building castles and palaces in the sandbox.
Kids are building sand castles on the beach.
Kids are cruel.
Kids are getting hurt playing contact sports.
Kids are not blank slates.
Kids are out twice a week drag racing in this neighborhood at 1 in the morning. It's loud and it's dangerous.
Kids are people, too.
Kids are playing in the street.
Kids are smart; they instinctively cover their ears when they hear loud noises.
Kids are smarter than you think.
Kids are told they're going to catch "cooties" if they play with the opposite sex.
Kids aren't allowed in here.
Kids aren't allowed to play with fire.
Kids ask a lot of questions.
Kids can be kids.
Kids can be so mean.
Kids can get disillusioned when parents say one thing and do another.
Kids can't say bad words.
Kids catch colds easily.
Kids challenge each other at doing something stupid.
Kids constantly fighting in the back seat of the car doesn't make for a pleasant trip.
Kids do stupid things.
Kids do the opposite of what their parents encourage, and I just wanted her to be happy.
Kids do the opposite of what their parents encourage.
Kids don't have a choice.
Kids don't read books anymore.
Kids don't really like eating beans.
Kids enjoy this game, but adults don't.
Kids get excited over any toy.
Kids go to school to study.
Kids grow really fast.
Kids grow up really fast.
Kids grow up so fast.
Kids grow up very fast.
Kids grow up very quickly.
Kids have a way of making everything light-hearted.
Kids in Spain don't receive their gifts on Christmas Day, but on Three Kings' Day.
Kids learn by asking questions.
Kids learn quickly.
Kids like drawing.
Kids like ice cream.
Kids like imitating their parents.
Kids like it.
Kids like jumping.
Kids like kitties and doggies.
Kids like snow.
Kids like sweets.
Kids like to play.
Kids love Christmas.
Kids love animals.
Kids love dogs.
Kids love doing this.
Kids love fictional animated characters.
Kids love ice cream.
Kids love it.
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
Kids love scary stories.
Kids love to make balloons pop.
Kids love yogurt.
Kids make friends so fast.
Kids make me feel too emotionally drained if I stay around them for too long.
Kids make mistakes.
Kids must learn to respect others.
Kids need boundaries. Otherwise, they'll grow up thinking rules don't apply to them.
Kids need sleep.
Kids need their normal social lives back.
Kids need to be praised.
Kids need to have a home.
Kids need to sleep more.
Kids open their presents in Christmas morning.
Kids played soccer in the backyard.
Kids really are little devils, aren't they?
Kids really want balloons.
Kids right now are learning that there are no adults.
Kids say the darndest things.
Kids shouldn't be in here.
Kids shouldn't be sexualized.
Kids these days aren't as strong as we were.
Kids these days aren't disobedient or disrespectful enough.
Kids these days don't have any shame! Just yesterday I saw Pascuala's daughter cuddling with a man on the bus.
Kids these days don't know how we played back then.
Kids these days have no imagination whatsoever. Only a nationwide revolution and sweeping economic reform will bring the hoop and stick back into vogue.
Kids these days think that any issue in life can be resolved as easily as restarting a computer game.
Kids think they're invincible.
Kids twelve and under are free.
Kids under five will be admitted free.
Kids usually don't like eating vegetables.
Kids wake up early in the morning to open their presents on Christmas.
Kids want to play.
Kids went missing.
Kids went to the river on Sundays.
Kids were allowed to walk to the bathroom unattended.
Kids were embellishing all the rumors.
Kids were involved in the drag show.
Kids will be kids.
Kids will take a chance - if they don't know, they'll have a go.
Kids wouldn't understand that.
Kids younger than five are free.
Kids your age usually don't do that.
Kids, drink milk every day!
Kids, it's time to wash the dishes, so let's get to work.
Kids, let's work together to keep the kitchen tidy.
Kids, listen!
Kids, please play away from my home.
Kids, we're eating.
Kids, what is this, and where did you find it?
Kid’s a hustler.
Kie never got off on older men until she met him.
Kieran Tuntivate broke the 4-minute mile in February 2020, the first ever at Harvard University, and held a grade-point average between 3.6 and 3.7 on a scale where 4.0 is the highest.
Kiessling, who is also a professor at Germany's Humboldt University, said in an interview that he was surprised to find that this idea of the reef as a cradle of evolution even applies to species not known as reef-dwellers.
Kiev is Ukraine's capital city.
Kiev is already under attack.
Kiev is the capital of Ukraine.
Kiev is the mother of Russian cities.
Kigali is the capital of Rwanda.
Kigurumis and fursuits look similar, but they're not used for the same purpose.
Kiki, do you love me?
Kilauea is one of the world's most active volcanoes.
Kilauea volcano began spurting lava Sunday after two years of relative silence.
Kilby applied Emmet's theory to his investigation of the referendum held in Greece in 1948.
Kilby applied Emmet’s theory to his investigation of the referendum held in Greece in 1948.
Kilimanjaro is the largest isolated mountain in the world.
Kill 'em all.
Kill 'em.
Kill Kong.
Kill Tom.
Kill all murderers!
Kill all the captives.
Kill all the murderers.
Kill all the prisoners.
Kill all the survivors.
Kill all the zombies.
Kill all who resist.
Kill her.
Kill him when you find him.
Kill him!
Kill him, before he runs away!
Kill him.
Kill it with fire!
Kill it.
Kill me now.
Kill me right here and right now. I will not obey to your orders.
Kill me with words!
Kill me! Kill me! Kill all of me!
Kill me, you coward!
Kill me.
Kill my heart and release my pain!
Kill or be killed.
Kill that bear with a rifle.
Kill that cat.
Kill that dog.
Kill that fly.
Kill that guy.
Kill that nigga.
Kill the Indian, and save the man.
Kill the Indian, and save the man. That's the famous quote used to justify the cultural genocide of the United States' last Native Americans.
Kill the JAPs!
Kill the bunnies first.
Kill the dragon.
Kill the dragons.
Kill the enemy.
Kill the geezers.
Kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Kill the japs!
Kill the zombies.
Kill them all, for the Lord will know his own.
Kill them all.
Kill them all. God will recognize his own.
Kill them all. Spare no one.
Kill them, for the Lord knows those who are His.
Kill them.
Kill this horsefly!
Kill two birds with one stone.
Kill with your silence, punish with your absence, win with your smile.
Kill your darlings.
Kill your enemies.
Kill your idols.
Kill yourself.
Kill yourselves.
Kill!
Kill.
Killer whales are beautiful but dangerous.
Killers sometimes dismember their victims.
Killing Tom was a mistake.
Killing a person's culture is like killing them.
Killing him is the easiest solution.
Killing is forbidden; every murderer is punished, unless he has killed accompanied by many men and to the sound of trumpets.
Killing is killing even if a soldier does it.
Killing people from behind their backs is a coward's act.
Killing people while they pray is the lowest thing imaginable.
Killing people while they pray is the most contemptible thing imaginable.
Killing people while they pray is the most despicable thing imaginable.
Killing people while they pray is the most ignoble thing imaginable.
Killing people while they pray is the most vile thing imaginable.
Killing wasn't that difficult for Tom.
Killing your spouse is one way to end a marriage. However, it's frowned upon.
Killing your spouse is one way to end a marriage. However, it’s frowned upon.
Killing yourself is playing God.
Killings by soldiers are also killings.
Kilonis likes to eat "nokedli", a Hungarian noodle dish.
Kim Asmussen is a 62-year-old Canadian who makes snowshoe art.
Kim Il-sung is North Korea's perpetual dictator.
Kim Il-sung was named premier.
Kim Jong Un was publicly unveiled as his father's successor in 2010.
Kim Jong-un speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.
Kim Kardashian started a campaign against Turkey, so I never like her.
Kim and I are the same age.
Kim arrived back home safely.
Kim intends to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim is dressed in a very attractive manner.
Kim is dressed very attractively.
Kim is four years older than I am.
Kim is four years older than me.
Kim is living with Ken.
Kim is older than I am by four years.
Kim is so tight, if you stuck a lump of coal up her ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond!
Kim is so tight, if you stuck a lump of coal up her ass, in two weeks you’d have a diamond!
Kim is two years older than he is.
Kim is two years older than him.
Kim lives together with Ken.
Kim means to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim plans to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim says in South Korea, when a student earns a university degree, it “carries much more weight” than in many other countries.
Kim smiled sweetly.
Kim used to like speaking Upper Sorbian.
Kim was still alive.
Kim was two years senior to him.
Kim's smile is really nice.
Kim's smile was very sweet.
Kimberly was a fat girl in elementary and high school, but she was nice to me.
Kimchi is a traditional Korean dish.
Kimchi is a traditional Korean food.
Kimchi is so healthy and delicious, but I have to eat it when Tom's not home, because he thinks it stinks.
Kimi smiled — I can't believe it!
Kimura is a Tokyo university graduate who became a taxi driver. According to some people's standards, he might be considered a failure, but I think it's fine as long as he likes driving.
Kimura is a Tokyo university graduate who became a taxi driver. According to some people’s standards, he might be considered a failure, but I think it’s fine as long as he likes driving.
Kimura jogged in the park every day.
Kim’s smile was very sweet.
Kim’s venue choice for his reemergence was relatively mundane: the completion ceremony for a fertilizer plant in Sunchon, a city about 50 kilometers north of the capital, Pyongyang.
Kind isn't the same as nice.
Kind of Blue is Miles Davis' most famous album.
Kind regards.
Kind words are always effective.
Kind words are heartening in tough times.
Kind words will mitigate their fury.
Kindaman is the most beautiful girl because her hair shines like the sun.
Kindergarten children act better than Tom and his friends do.
Kindergarten children act better than some adults do.
Kindergarten children act better than some adults.
Kindergartners are hard to work with.
Kindest regards.
Kindling is just as important as tinder.
Kindly address yourself to the chairman, not directly to other representatives at this meeting.
Kindly clear the table after you finish your meal.
Kindly clear the table after your meal.
Kindly finish up the content of the brochure quickly.
Kindly follow these instructions closely.
Kindly give me a reply.
Kindly give me an answer.
Kindly give them a reply.
Kindly give us a reply.
Kindly mind your own business.
Kindly refrain from smoking.
Kindness costs nothing but enriches the world.
Kindness does more than violence.
Kindness from strangers feels like a cosmic gift.
Kindness in excess is too much of a good thing.
Kindness is a language that the blind can see and the deaf can hear.
Kindness is a language the dumb can speak, and the deaf can hear and understand.
Kindness is a language which the blind can see and the deaf can hear.
Kindness is a light that never dims, even in the darkest moments.
Kindness is a much more important virtue than people usually think.
Kindness is a virtue.
Kindness is born out of strength.
Kindness is free.
Kindness is not synonymous with passivity.
Kindness is the bridge that connects hearts and mends souls.
Kindness is the essence of politeness.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Kindness is the most beautiful trait a person can have.
Kindness is the only way to bring peace to this planet.
Kindness is the universal language that everyone understands.
Kindness seems foreign to his nature.
Kindness should always be free.
Kindness should be given to everyone.
Kindness transforms strangers into friends.
King Adalrich, who is called "the Liar," is even more unpopular than Einar the Forgetful was in his time.
King Ahasuerus loved Esther.
King Alfred of England was a great scholar as much as a great ruler.
King Anius here, enwreath'd with laurel spray, / the priest of Phoebus meets us on the way; / with joy at once he recognised again / his friend Anchises of an earlier day. / And joining hands in fellowship, each fain / to show a friendly heart the palace-halls we gain.
King Arthur's sword Excalibur was forged on the island Avalon.
King Athelstan had Hákon baptised.
King Canute ordered his chair to be placed on the sea-shore as the tide was coming in.
King Charles III addressed the nation for first time after Queen's death.
King Charles III was formally proclaimed as Britain’s monarch and head of the Commonwealth Saturday, in a ceremony that traces its history back several hundred years.
King Charles borrowed money from William's father.
King Charles borrowed money from William’s father.
King Charles ruled the country.
King Darius was defeated by Alexander the Great.
King David is my favorite queer Jewish poet.
King Dodon, a lazy and gluttonous ruler, is greatly worried by his warlike neighbors.
King Frederick loved hunting, wine, women and feasts.
King George took control of the colony in 1752.
King Gradlon was awakened by St Gwénnolé, who commanded him to flee, as the torrent was reaching the palace.
King Harald Gormsson, better known as “Harald Bluetooth", introduced Christianity to Denmark.
King Harald had many wives and many children.
King Henry VIII had a tennis court at Hampton Court, his palace on the River Thames, not very far from London.
King Hussein travelled to Cairo.
King John died from a mysterious illness.
King John gave his father a magnificent funeral.
King John honored his treaty with Spain.
King John murdered most of his rivals before they could strike.
King John put to death all of his rivals.
King Kong dropped Santiago’s truck.
King Louis XVI was guillotined.
King Magnus heard these news.
King Magnus was present at their hanging.
King Massinissa is buried in Algeria.
King Massinissa once said: "Africa for the Africans."
King Massinissa once said: "Africa is for Africans."
King Massinissa once said: "Africa is to the African people."
King Samson has now become an old man.
King Solomon made himself a palanquin out of wood from Lebanon. He made the columns of silver, the canopy of gold, the seat of purple. The back is inlaid ebony.
King Solomon was known for his wisdom.
King Suleiman was known for his wisdom.
King Thomas and Queen Mary played chess every night in their magnificent castle with four towers and many battlements.
King Tom of the House Jackson, the first of his name, ruled Tatoeba in peace and prosperity for many years.
King Ziri continued to chase the remnants of Rima's army across the country.
King Ziri defeated Rima's army.
King Ziri defended order on Earth.
King Ziri returned to his kingdom in triumph.
King Ziri sent an army to hunt down the last rebels.
King Ziri sent his troops to kill Walid.
King Ziri was on his way with an army to attack Rima's kingdom.
King Ziri was very clever.
King Ziri's army arrived shortly after.
King Ziri's army pursued the rebels.
King led the campaign to end racial segregation and electoral disenfranchisement in the USA using very similar methods to Gandhi in India.
King size beds are really big.
King, stop calling me your boy. I'm thirty-two, for God's sake!
Kingdoms and small countries then developed.
Kingfishers are skilled fish catchers.
Kingfishers don't just eat fish.
Kings are fake.
Kings have long arms.
Kingston is the capital of Jamaica.
Kingstown is the capital of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Kink isn't always sexual.
Kink isn't inherently sexual.
Kinks come in all shapes and forms.
Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Kinshasa is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Kipper ties were briefly in fashion.
Kirby's quintessentially Japanese cuteness is almost incomprehensible to his American audience, who satirize him as a dark and gloomy character constantly, almost as a reflex.
Kirby’s quintessentially Japanese cuteness is almost incomprehensible to his American audience, who satirize him as a dark and gloomy character constantly, almost as a reflex.
Kiribati is a former British colony.
Kiribati is threatened by climate change.
Kirkuk is a multi-ethnic city.
Kirsty went to the art gallery to see the Matisse retrospective.
Kiruna is about 950 kilometres north of Stockholm.
Kiruna is more than 900 kilometres north of Stockholm.
Kishan and Praveen hope they've struck gold. And found a device that could not only help distillers cut down on fakes and counterfeits, but also save lives in the process.
Kiss Tom for me.
Kiss Tom.
Kiss and make up.
Kiss her for me.
Kiss her.
Kiss him for me.
Kiss him.
Kiss his hand and move on.
Kiss is my favorite band.
Kiss it.
Kiss me a lot.
Kiss me again like you did a moment ago.
Kiss me again, please.
Kiss me again.
Kiss me already.
Kiss me and I'll go away.
Kiss me and I'll leave.
Kiss me and I'll stay.
Kiss me and make Tom jealous.
Kiss me and make me happy, at least for a moment.
Kiss me back.
Kiss me for luck.
Kiss me goodbye.
Kiss me goodnight.
Kiss me if you love me.
Kiss me if you really love me.
Kiss me if you want to.
Kiss me if you want.
Kiss me in the neck.
Kiss me like you did before.
Kiss me like you mean it.
Kiss me like you used to.
Kiss me like your brother does.
Kiss me now.
Kiss me now... Hey, wait! Not that type of kiss!
Kiss me on my lips.
Kiss me on my mouth.
Kiss me on my shoulders.
Kiss me on the cheek.
Kiss me on the forehead.
Kiss me on the lips.
Kiss me on the mouth.
Kiss me on the neck.
Kiss me once for luck.
Kiss me once more.
Kiss me one last time.
Kiss me one more time.
Kiss me passionately.
Kiss me properly.
Kiss me quick.
Kiss me quickly.
Kiss me right now.
Kiss me some more.
Kiss me the way you used to.
Kiss me, Sir.
Kiss me, Tom.
Kiss me, love!
Kiss me, miss.
Kiss me, please.
Kiss me, sir.
Kiss me, you fool!
Kiss me.
Kiss me... Hey, hey! Not that type of kiss!
Kiss my ass!
Kiss my ass.
Kiss my robot ass.
Kiss the bubbles as they drift by.
Kiss the fifth man from the left.
Kiss the queen!
Kiss to your heart's content.
Kiss your father for me.
Kiss your father.
Kiss your mother for me.
Kiss your mother.
Kiss!
Kisses are not a sin.
Kisses!
Kisses, hugs, affections... it was all fake.
Kissing Tom was a mistake.
Kissing a man without a mustache is like eating eggs without salt.
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing burns 2 calories per minute. How about a workout?
Kissing can easily pass COVID-19.
Kissing can spread the virus.
Kissing her was a magical, unforgettable moment.
Kissing is fun.
Kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Kissing one’s spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Kissing you was fun.
Kissinger was an expert on foreign relations.
Kitchen Motors is an Icelandic record label.
Kitchen utensils are in the basement.
Kitchen utensils are in the floor below ground level.
Kitchenware is in the basement.
Kitchenware is in the floor below ground level.
Kites were invented 2,000 years ago.
Kittens are adorable.
Kittens are curious.
Kittens are cute and friendly.
Kittens are cute.
Kittens are extra adorable because they're the baby version of a baby-sized animal.
Kittens are soft and fluffy.
Kittens are too adorable.
Kittens are very playful.
Kittens are very powerful.
Kittens begin grooming themselves when they are four weeks old.
Kittens communicate with their mother by purring.
Kittens don't wear mittens.
Kittens love to cuddle.
Kittens love to snuggle.
Kittens make me feel so warm and fuzzy inside.
Kittens make the world tolerable.
Kittens play-fight to hone their hunting and fighting skills.
Kittens rule the world.
Kittens use purring to communicate with their mother.
Kitty cannot read yet.
Kitty is 12 years old and she still cannot read.
Kitty the cat gets in the car to go for a ride.
Kitty!
Kitty, you are my ditty.
Kiwi are mostly nocturnal and have a refined sense of smell uncommon in birds.
Kiwifarms is a site where violent sociopaths get together to coordinate harassment with the goal of making people commit suicide.
Kiwifarms is everything reactionaries claim "cancel culture" is and more.
Kiwifruit is a rich source of vitamin K and vitamin C.
Kiwis taste like a mix between a banana and a strawberry.
Kizuna Ai might be the most famous virtual streamer of them all.
Klabaster and Gizmo are cats.
Klaus Schwab is a communist.
Klaus Schwab, the leader of the World Economic Forum, was appointed by "elite" to run the world.
Klava cuts her expenditures.
Klava decided to change her sex in the flat.
Klava decided to re-floor the flat.
Klava envied Lyusya.
Klava forgives her husband.
Klava is abroad and sends her regards to you.
Klava is bidding farewell to her husband.
Klava is hanging up the laundry.
Klava makes fun of everyone.
Klava oversimplifies everything.
Klava pulled everybody's leg.
Klava pulled everybody’s leg.
Klava tames tigers.
Klava went to a resort.
Klearchos tried to force the soldiers to go; but they threw stones at him.
Kleiman said he was staying at a friend’s house outside Milan, “trying to read some of the initial class notes that have been posted for my classes for the first week, trying to advance my thesis, and watching movies/playing video games.”
Klimt's gold-flecked portrait of Adele Bloch Bauer is a star in the world of art, appearing on calendars, coffee mugs, and posters.
Klingon has never rivaled Esperanto for number of speakers.
Klingon has some partially-developed dialects as well, often invented to explain an actor's bad pronunciation.
Klingon has to be the most useless language.
Klingon is my favorite international auxiliary language.
Klingon is the worst language.
Klingon wouldn't make a very good international language.
Klingons have ridged foreheads.
Kluge warned that millions of unvaccinated Europeans remain highly vulnerable to the delta variant, which data suggests is far more transmissible than other strains.
Klüver–Bucy syndrome is associated with placidity, hypersexuality, and hyperorality.
Klüver–Bucy syndrome is characterised by placidity, hypersexuality, and hyperorality.
Knackered, he went straight to bed.
Knead the clay like bread to soften it before sculpting.
Knead the dough gently.
Knead the dough with both hands until it becomes elastic.
Knead the dough.
Kneading dough requires skill.
Knee replacement is major surgery.
Knee replacement surgery has over ten times the regret rate of trans surgeries.
Knee surgeons at the University of Leuven in Belgium described, for the first time, a previously unknown ligament in the knee. The anterolateral ligament (ALL) appears to play an important role in patients with anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tears.
Kneel down.
Kneel!
Kneeling, the doctor drank the tea out of the saucer.
Knights acted as a counterpoise to the barons.
Knights are able to jump over other pieces in chess.
Knights are most powerful near the center of the board, from where they can move to any of eight squares.
Knights in the Middle Ages were often surnamed according to their valor or nature.
Knights in the Middle Ages wore chain mail and a suit of armour.
Knit your eyebrows!
Knitting can be an expensive hobby.
Knitting can be hard on the wrists.
Knitting is my favourite activity when I want to avoid my relatives.
Knives are too dangerous for children, let them use a pusher instead.
Knives bring Tom comfort.
Knives stung me and blackjacks smashed against me, but I laughed and drove my iron fists in straight, steam-hammer smashes that shattered flesh and bone.
Knock at the door before entering.
Knock before coming in.
Knock before entering the bathroom.
Knock before entering.
Knock before you enter.
Knock before you open the door.
Knock harder next time, so I can hear you.
Knock it down.
Knock it off and listen to me for a second!
Knock it off!
Knock it off, Tom.
Knock it off, boys!
Knock it off, guys!
Knock it off, guys.
Knock it off, will you?
Knock it off, you two.
Knock it off.
Knock on the door and see if anyone's home.
Knock on the door before entering the room.
Knock on the door now.
Knock on the door of happiness.
Knock on the door of one's heart.
Knock on the door of one’s heart.
Knock on the door.
Knock on the windshield but not too hard.
Knock on wood.
Knock the ladder down.
Knock when going to the bathroom, OK?
Knock yourself out, Tom.
Knock yourself out.
Knock yourselves out.
Knock, and it will be opened to you.
Knock, knock, anyone home?
Knock, knock. Who's there?
Knots tied in such a way will come undone, unfortunately.
Know before going.
Know how much you can spend in attracting first-time buyers and still come out ahead.
Know that I also only recommend products that I myself would defend.
Know that a man must cross a very, very narrow bridge, and the basic rule, the gist, is not to get frightened at all.
Know that every flatterer lives at the expense of those who like to listen to him.
Know that there are also people who value your work.
Know that victory and defeat are parts of anyone's life - except lives of cowards, of course.
Know that you are my first client.
Know that you're not scaring me.
Know the most effective method for learning a language!
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness; no laziness; no procrastination; never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Know then that in the time of the Great Rebellion this Manor of Baskerville was held by Hugo of that name, nor can it be gainsaid that he was a most wild, profane, and godless man.
Know thyself!
Know thyself.
Know what to do, then do it the best you can.
Know what you can handle and what you can't.
Know when to keep silent and when to speak up.
Know when to step back.
Know where the pool's emergency exits are located.
Know where to hide.
Know who you are.
Know your enemy and know yourself.
Know your enemy.
Know your limits.
Know your place.
Know your rights.
Know your roots.
Know your shame!
Know your strengths.
Know your weaknesses.
Know yourself as well as your enemy.
Know yourself by yourself.
Know yourself.
Know-it-alls are mostly ruiners.
Know-it-alls mostly fuck things up.
Knowest thou whence thou comest through the forest vale?
Knowing I could do nothing to ease her pain broke my heart.
Knowing Murphy's Law won't help either.
Knowing Tesla's life, I already look down on Edison.
Knowing a language fully means knowing fully the people who speak that language.
Knowing a subject is one thing, but teaching it is quite another.
Knowing a topic is one thing, but teaching it is a whole nother story.
Knowing and doing are two different things.
Knowing astronomy, you would really know where you are or just the opposite.
Knowing he’s helping others gives him joy.
Knowing him, exerting pressure on him is useless.
Knowing him, he’ll arrive late.
Knowing him, putting pressure on him is counterproductive.
Knowing how I would die would only make me anxious about the kind of situations I'd know I'll eventually die in.
Knowing how ingeniously Mr. Shei had laid his plans and guarded against every imaginable emergency, he had not been altogether certain that his artful contrivance would succeed, but the scientist’s acute distress was ample proof that Mr. Shei had been outmaneuvered and that The Gray Phantom was master of the situation.
Knowing how much school for my kids is costing, it's impossible to relax with a beer and take it easy.
Knowing how much school for my kids is costing, it’s impossible to relax with a beer and take it easy.
Knowing how to conjugate verbs is an absolute necessity.
Knowing how to conjugate verbs is imperative in order to learn a language.
Knowing how to hot wire a car may come in handy someday.
Knowing how to love is success; knowing how to relax is wisdom.
Knowing how to speak French could come in handy.
Knowing is half the battle.
Knowing is not the same as feeling.
Knowing is not the same as understanding.
Knowing is nothing, imagination is everything.
Knowing is nothing. Imagination is everything.
Knowing is one thing, teaching quite another.
Knowing is power.
Knowing my post may help your (already stellar) writing makes me as happy as a flea in a doghouse!
Knowing oneself is a powerful tool.
Knowing that I can always count on my friends for support makes me feel incredibly fortunate.
Knowing that I'm taking the right legal steps will give me peace of mind.
Knowing that every minute, maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry.
Knowing that he no longer believes in life is depressing.
Knowing that is enough.
Knowing that my father is doing well in Morocco where he is right now is pretty comforting to me.
Knowing that my parents enjoy good health makes me feel reassured.
Knowing that you exist gives me the strength to keep going.
Knowing that you're doing fine over there, I'm really pleased for you.
Knowing that you’re doing fine over there, I’m really pleased for you.
Knowing the International Phonetic Alphabet as it pertains to English helps understanding the underlying mechanisms of English phonology blanketed by an awkward orthography.
Knowing the context helps others understand better.
Knowing the context was never an option.
Knowing the history of big games and big tournaments makes us more interested in understanding the fascinating game of chess.
Knowing the reason for a tumor's genetic instability, mathematician Komarova says, might affect the development of cancer treatment strategies. She explains that some treatments are mutagenic, that is, they make cells mutate. Chemotherapy, she says, is very mutagenic, and small molecule inhibitors are not.
Knowing the truth is better than lying to yourself.
Knowing the truth is important to us.
Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively, because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
Knowing this is important.
Knowing this is the last time I'll be writing to you is very sad.
Knowing this, we can all sleep easy.
Knowing very well that his wife wanted to go to a movie, the husband, who was a dog in the manger, cooked up a scheme whereby they had to stay at home waiting for a certain visitor who was not expected to come.
Knowing what to leave out is as important as knowing what to include.
Knowing what will happen is more important than knowing what has happened.
Knowing when to stir or shake a drink depends on its ingredients. Stirring is for clear and spirit-forward cocktails, while shaking is for those with juices or syrups.
Knowing where the fire escape is in a hotel may save your life.
Knowing which was the original language of your holy writings is important.
Knowing you betrayed me is really painful.
Knowing you, I'm ready for anything.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Knowledge and brave don't always come together.
Knowledge and common sense aren't the same thing.
Knowledge at twenty, wealth at thirty.
Knowledge builds bridges across divides.
Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
Knowledge can only be obtained by study.
Knowledge deepens our connection to the world.
Knowledge empowers us to make change.
Knowledge expands through exploration.
Knowledge feeds me.
Knowledge frees us from ignorance.
Knowledge gets rusty if you don't use it.
Knowledge grows by being shared.
Knowledge grows through curiosity.
Knowledge has been passed down to subsequent generation.
Knowledge has no enemy except an ignorant person.
Knowledge helps us grow as individuals.
Knowledge helps us navigate life's challenges.
Knowledge helps us shape the future.
Knowledge in itself is not an end, but a means to an end: to live a full and humane life.
Knowledge is a comfortable and necessary retreat and shelter for us in advanced age, and if we do not plant it while young, it will give us no shade when we grow old.
Knowledge is a dot multiplied by the ignorant.
Knowledge is a light in the darkness.
Knowledge is a treasure that goes everywhere with its possessor.
Knowledge is everything in this life.
Knowledge is everything to me.
Knowledge is good; action is power.
Knowledge is having the right answers. Intelligence is asking the right questions.
Knowledge is inseparable from conscience.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it on a fruit salad.
Knowledge is like manure, it's only good when spread.
Knowledge is like manure, it’s only good when spread.
Knowledge is not an end in itself.
Knowledge is not heritable.
Knowledge is nothing; imagination is everything.
Knowledge is power in its purest form.
Knowledge is power without doubt.
Knowledge is power, but it is power for evil just as much as for good.
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge is scarce; wisdom is scarcer.
Knowledge is the foundation and source of good writing.
Knowledge is the foundation of progress.
Knowledge is the foundation of wisdom.
Knowledge is the key to growth.
Knowledge is the supreme goal.
Knowledge is the supreme power.
Knowledge is used only if it's engraved in our mind.
Knowledge isn't power, applied knowledge is power.
Knowledge liberates the mind.
Knowledge makes us free and better people.
Knowledge makes us free and better.
Knowledge of agriculture can enable people to become self-sufficient.
Knowledge of computers is basic to all sciences.
Knowledge of computers is fundamental to all sciences.
Knowledge of foreign languages is useful for everyone.
Knowledge of foreign languages stimulates brain activity.
Knowledge of other cultures fosters a respect and tolerance for diversity.
Knowledge of the self is the descent to hell which opens the way to godhood.
Knowledge opens doors to new possibilities.
Knowledge opens many doors.
Knowledge rejuvenates the soul, and lightens the burden of old age.
Knowledge sets us free and makes us better people.
Knowledge that is not replenished daily diminishes.
Knowledge transforms societies.
Knowledge wasn't a very strong reason for the exploration of America.
Knowledge without common sense counts for little.
Knowledge without common sense counts for nothing.
Knowledge without common sense will lead you nowhere.
Known as America’s “Last Frontier,” Alaska conjures up thoughts of polar bears, subzero temperatures and expansive areas of little-explored terrain around the Arctic Circle.
Known as Hi1a, the peptide could block so-called death signals sent to cells after a cardiac arrest, when blood flow to the heart is reduced. This results in a lack of oxygen to the heart muscles, causing cells to become acidic, and a message is sent for heart cells to die.
Known as blockchain, this technology is a public digital ledger that keeps a running tally of all cryptocurrency transactions within a distributed network of computers.
Known as the water towers of Asia, the Himalayas feed 10 major rivers such as the Yangtze, the Ganges and the Indus.
Known as the “Lark of the Border,” she continued performing into her 70s, and would record more than a thousand songs.
Known for doing things on a vast scale, the art studio was founded in 1959 to extol the revolutionary virtues of North Korea and its ruling family.
Known for employing transgenders, Thuy Linh restaurant deploys its staff to the sidewalk to beckon customers from the street, a common practice among Vietnamese eateries.
Known for his extraordinary, eye-catching colorful images, Vincent Van Gogh is one of the world’s most famous 19th-century painters.
Known for its rich history, diverse culture, and striking landscapes, Albania is bordered by Montenegro to the northwest, Serbia to the north, North Macedonia to the east, and Greece to the south.
Known to sailors around the world as the doldrums, the Inter-Tropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) is a belt around the Earth extending approximately five degrees north and south of the equator. Here, the prevailing trade winds of the northern hemisphere blow to the southwest and collide with the southern hemisphere’s driving northeast trade winds.
Known to sailors around the world, the trade winds and associated ocean currents helped early sailing ships from European and African ports make their journeys to the Americas.
Knuckling under could be described as cooperation, or selling out, depending on the point of view.
Ko is not just a restrictive rule of Go, but an extra emotion in each game.
Koala bears do not have belly buttons.
Koala bears smell like eucalyptus.
Koala populations are declining, largely due to habitat loss and fragmentation.
Koalas are agile climbers.
Koalas are an Australian icon.
Koalas are cool.
Koalas are cute.
Koalas are listed as a vulnerable species under federal environment law in the states of Queensland and New South Wales, where bushfires have destroyed vast areas of habitat in recent weeks.
Koalas are marsupials, meaning they carry their babies in an opening of skin on the mother’s stomach.
Koalas are marsupials.
Koalas are more popular than kangaroos.
Koalas are native to Australia, and are described in many Aboriginal stories of creation.
Koalas are not bears.
Koalas are officially listed as at risk of disappearing in New South Wales, Australia.
Koalas are vulnerable to bushfires due to their slow movements.
Koalas aren't bears.
Koalas can only be seen in Australia.
Koalas can only be seen in Austria.
Koalas eat eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas face many threats, including chlamydia – a bacterium that can cause pneumonia and infertility.
Koalas face several threats, including loss of habitat due to land-clearing, dog attacks and heatwaves.
Koalas have especially sharp claws, which help them climb trees.
Koalas have fluffy ears.
Koalas have large, hairy ears.
Koalas live in trees. They are herbivores, and need forest environments to survive.
Koalas sleep for 18 to 22 hours per day.
Kobayashi is lost in the music.
Kobayashi's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
Kobe Bryant became an NBA veteran due to his never-give-up spirit, tough competition and accuracy.
Kobe Bryant was a legend.
Kobe Steel admitted that it had falsified quality data for years.
Kobe is a sister city of Seattle.
Kobe is famous as a port city.
Kobe is famous for its good beef.
Kobe is famous for its port.
Kobe is the city I like most.
Kobe is the city where I was born.
Kobe is the city which I like best.
Kobe is the city which I was born in.
Koblenz lies on the confluence of the Rhine and Moselle rivers.
Kobolds always appear in the strangest of places.
Kobolds can only be seen on moonless nights.
Kocaeli is the industrial capital of Turkey.
Kocaeli, especially Gebze, are industrial areas.
Kochi Prefecture's capital is Kochi City.
Koga, what on earth happened in your youth?
Koike said she understands that it is the "Obon" festival, a period during which Japanese people customarily travel to visit family, but she urged residents to refrain from travel or even going out to restaurants to protect "loved ones, family and medical fields.”
Koji Morimoto has an insanely good drawing skill.
Koji was caught in a shower on his way home.
Kojien uses a paper that contains titanium.
Kojin Kudo is a born poet.
Kokkinakis banged your girlfriend. Sorry to tell you that, mate.
Koko chose the tree.
Koko continued to learn fast.
Koko herself cannot use spoken language, but she loves to listen to people's conversations.
Koko herself cannot use spoken language, but she loves to listen to people’s conversations.
Koko is a female gorilla.
Koko is not an ordinary gorilla.
Koko knows and uses more than 500 words in sign language, the language of deaf people.
Kolkata has an unfortunate reputation for being home to fraudulent call centres.
Kolkata has become a hub for call centre fraud against the Anglophone world, especially the United States.
Komarova notes that everyone who studies cancer knows that genetic instability (and the mutations it causes) are important for cancer cells: cancer couldn't spread without it. It's not so clear why this mutation rate slows down in later stages of the tumor. She says that this has been observed experimentally, but researchers can't decide whether it's important for cancer growth or if it's just a side-effect of cancer.
Kombucha is fermented black tea.
Kombucha is produced by a symbiotic colony of bacteria and yeast, or SCOBY.
Komiakov may never have full use of his arm.
Konkani is spoken in Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka.
Konkani language development progressed in Goa.
Konrad Adenauer was the first chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Konrad Adenauer was twice mayor of Cologne before he was elected the first chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Konrad wants to write a little tale.
Konstantin Ernst was the creative director of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics opening ceremony.
Konstantin is a student at the college where I used to work.
Konya is the agricultural capital of Turkey.
Korea allowed an inspection by the IAEA.
Korea fans may like the dissertation "A Study of Korean Diction for Choral Conductors Using the Principles of the Korean Writing System."
Korea is a divided peninsula.
Korea is focused on a steadfast alliance with the U.S. and wants a harmonized relationship with China.
Korea is never boring, it's always exciting.
Korea is now up and coming.
Korea received an inspection from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Korea regained its independence following Japan's surrender to the US in 1945.
Korea was an eye-opening visit for me. I was there to renew my working visa for Japan. During my sojourn, I hadn't yet memorized the Korean script. The alleyways and buildings boasted colourful signs in the robust writing. I bought various quaint masks to decorate my walls at home. I ate some spicy red-orange food. Years later, I would be able to pronounce Korean words, with their meanings only a dictionary look-up away.
Korea will be united.
Korean Hangeul glyphs and Inuktitut syllabograms fascinate me in a similar way as Japanese Kana glyphs do.
Korean dramas take up my study time.
Korean food is generally spicy.
Korean food is generally very hot.
Korean food is generally very spicy.
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
Korean is a puzzling language to learn, isn't it?
Korean is difficult to learn, but Hangul can be learned quickly.
Korean is easy.
Korean mental hospitals have been compared to concentration camps. Patients are said to be treated like animals who are subjected to violence and maltreatment rather than therapy.
Koreans count age differently.
Koreans don't like coriander.
Koreans don't like eating cilantro.
Koreans don’t like coriander.
Koreans eat dogs.
Koreans live in Korea.
Kori walked downwards as much as she could and ended up five stories below ground level.
Korolev eventually fell out of favor with the Stalin regime and was thrown in prison.
Korolev was responsible for the Sputnik program, which in 1957 launched the first artificial satellite into orbit.
Korolyov was responsible for the Sputnik program, which in 1957 launched the first artificial satellite into orbit.
Korpiklaani is one of my favorite folk metal bands.
Korski says turf wars between the European Commission and the European Council weaken the aid program.
Kosh is a Vorlon ambassador in the Babylon 5 space station.
Koshary is an Egyptian street food and Egypt's national dish.
Kosovo can't unify with Albania.
Kosovo enjoys lower labor costs than the rest of the region.
Kosovo is Albania.
Kosovo is a state now.
Kosovo is an unrecognized fragile state.
Kosovo is now an independent country.
Kosovo is now an independent state.
Kosovo is the youngest country in Europe.
Kosovo isn't a real country.
Kosovo unilaterally declared independence.
Kosovo was a province of Serbia.
Kosovo was formally absorbed into the Kingdom of Serbia.
Kosovo will participate in the Olympic Games 2016.
Kosovo's borders shouldn't be changed.
Kosovo's future will remain unpredictable.
Kosovo's tie to the euro has helped keep core inflation low.
Kotaro found a large swallowtail butterfly and chased him about 20 meters inside the grass field.
Kotas is deacon at Our Lady of the Pines Catholic Church in Conifer, Colorado. He describes his religious beliefs and his scientific training as having a “beautiful connection.”
Kotava is a constructed language.
Kotava is a planned language.
Kotava was built on principles of cultural neutrality.
Kotlin Island, an island 32 kilometres west of Saint Petersburg, was taken from Sweden in 1703 by Peter the Great, who then founded Kronstadt and left Pushkin's great-grandfather, Abram Gannibal, the main character in Pushkin's unfinished book, Peter the Great's Negro, to oversee the construction. Kronstadt was also the birth place of Pyotr Kapitsa, co-recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1978.
Kouchner, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, advocated the G14 group.
Koufagued says three of the wounded Tuesday have gone into hypovolemic shock, a life-threatening condition that occurs when persons lose more than 20 percent of their blood.
Kouji was lucky; his traffic accident left only a minor scratch on the side of his car.
Kouki's big mistake was having an accident while driving his father's car.
Kouki’s big mistake was having an accident while driving his father’s car.
Koum's family had to rely on food stamps after emigrating from Ukraine to the United States.
Kounosuke Sakazaki belongs to "THE ALFEE".
Kowari are a little, tiny carnivorous marsupial that lives in outback, or arid, western Queensland and also down in South Australia. They are a very charismatic little guy. Very fast, very inquisitive.
Kowari are cute.
Koyomi bought a bow and arrows.
Kozachuk said that she was surprised when the image first appeared after being “hidden behind time” for many years. “But then we see it, and we can see such fine details: the eyes, the folds of the clothing, the detailed embroidered patterns of the table cloth,” she said.
Kozma says his organization turned for help to hotels, restaurants and boardinghouses, and they responded everyday with enough food to feed the entire crowd of people. He says the hotels and restaurants gave as much as they could and never asked if they would be paid or otherwise compensated.
Kozue has never given way to despair in her life.
Kozue thought the teacher's lecture was dull, boring and endless.
Kozue thought the teacher’s lecture was dull, boring and endless.
Kralendijk is the capital of Bonaire.
Kraus led a study involving 18 musicians and 19 non-musicians, between the ages of 45 and 65, that tested their ability to discern speech from background noise. Researchers also tested how well they remembered what they heard and what they saw, and how quickly they understood what they heard, all important skills for playing an instrument.
Kraus says it appears the musically-trained individuals had developed auditory skills apart from just being able to hear quieter sounds.
Krav Maga is a self-defense and fighting system developed for the Israel Defense Forces.
Krill like to breed in really cold water near sea ice.
Krim Belkacem refused!
Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead.
Krista's curt, businesslike tone put off her clients at the maternity ward, especially on their special days.
Krista’s curt, businesslike tone put off her clients at the maternity ward, especially on their special days.
Kristen Burke and Juncheng Qian had been dating for more than one-and-a-half years before they broke up six months ago.
Kristen is a bat conservationist who studies how bats relate to their environment, like the plants nectarivorous bats pollinate.
Kristen is an American from Massachusetts who studies neuroscience and psychology at Boston University.
Kristine is a paleoclimatologist.
Kristy Anderson is the wife of Larry Ewing.
Kronum is a new team sport invented in 2008.
Krumkake and lefse are popular at our family gatherings.
Krypton is an element 36 on the periodic table with symbol Kr.
Kryptonite comes from the planet Krypton.
Kryptonite is not a real material.
Ksenia Aleksandrovna was charged with incitement to riot.
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia.
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting.
Kuban is the breadbasket of Russia.
Kublai Khan established the Yuan Dynasty in 1271.
Kublai Khan is the grandson of Genghis Khan.
Kudos for your outstanding achievement!
Kudos to us!
Kudos!
Kuma the bear has been wrestling human martial artists to the ground for as long as I can remember.
Kumamoto Prefecture's capital is Kumamoto City.
Kumar said the international students are also looking forward to a return to in-person — and in-country — classes.
Kumi did not make a box.
Kumi did not make boxes.
Kumi did not talk about her club.
Kumi is playing tennis now.
Kumi is the girl who likes dogs.
Kumi is the girl whose father likes dogs.
Kumi made a box.
Kumiko got a porter to carry her suitcase at the airport.
Kumiko is as tall as Tom.
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom.
Kumquats is delicious.
Kung-fu is a Chinese martial art.
Kunihiko hit the target with his first shot.
Kuniko had already eaten when I came in.
Kuniko has never drunk so much before in her life.
Kuniko is dedicated to mr. nagai.
Kuniko is related to Mr Nagai.
Kuniko is related to Mr. Nagai.
Kupala Night is an ancient holiday.
Kurdish food is very delicious and varied.
Kurdish is his mother language.
Kurdish is my mother language.
Kurdish is my mother tongue.
Kurdish is my native language.
Kurdish is very beautiful.
Kurdistan has a long history.
Kurdistan has beautiful mountains.
Kurt Cobain died on 5 April 1994 in Seattle.
Kurt Cobain mercifully killed the 80s.
Kurt didn't wake up yesterday because the alarm didn't ring.
Kuta's beach is one of the most picturesque on an island known for its sublime beaches and warm tropical waters.
Kuwait City is the capital of Kuwait.
Kuwait spent more than $5 billion to repair oil infrastructure damaged during 1990-91.
Kuwait suffered severe damage.
Kuwait suspended all flights to Italy because of the coronavirus outbreak.
Kvass is a fermented beverage made from rye bread that's popular in most Slavic countries.
Kwanzaa celebrations center around the lighting of seven candles - each one representing a key principle of life such as unity, self-determination, creativity and faith.
Kwanzaa is celebrated from December 26 to January 1.
Kwanzaa was essentially created in 1966 by a black activist named Maulana Karenga. He designed the holiday to help black Americans recognize their African heritage - and in turn to be proud of their African-American culture.
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu is also known as Japan's Lady Gaga.
Kyiv is mother of Ruthenian cities.
Kyiv is the capital of Iran.
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine.
Kyiv is the mother of Ruthenian cities.
Kyle Patel, who was supposed to travel with a professor from the University of Georgia to South Korea on March 9, was excited about the coronavirus. "I'm pre-med and also public health. I study epidemiology, so I thought it would be really cool to be there at a time when this outbreak is going on,” Patel said.
Kyle works here.
Kylian Mbappé is only 19 years old.
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever heard!
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever seen!
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I’ve ever heard!
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I’ve ever seen!
Kyoko had the kindness to carry my baggage for me.
Kyoko has mail notifications turned off and last updated on the 25th January 2016.
Kyoko is lying on the grass.
Kyoko was kind enough to carry my baggage for me.
Kyoko went away, humming a song.
Kyoko, startled by the lightning, clung onto me.
Kyoto Metropolitan Prefecture's capital is Kyoto City.
Kyoto Prefecture's capital is Kyoto City.
Kyoto and Boston are sister cities.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the world.
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year.
Kyoto has many places to see.
Kyoto has many universities.
Kyoto is Japan's former capital.
Kyoto is a basin, so it is hot in summer and cold in winter.
Kyoto is a remarkably beautiful city.
Kyoto is a very beautiful city.
Kyoto is an exceptionally pretty city.
Kyoto is crowded during the holiday season.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
Kyoto is internationally famous for its scenic beauty.
Kyoto is most beautiful in autumn.
Kyoto is most crowded when it is extremely beautiful.
Kyoto is most crowded when it is most beautiful.
Kyoto is not as big as Osaka.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
Kyoto is packed with people during the holiday season.
Kyoto is the ancient capital of Japan.
Kyoto is the former capital of Japan.
Kyoto is the most beautiful in the autumn.
Kyoto is the old capital of Japan.
Kyoto is visited by a lot of tourists.
Kyoto is visited by many people every year.
Kyoto is visited by many tourists.
Kyoto is worth visiting once.
Kyoto is worth visiting.
Kyoto used to be the capital of Japan.
Kyoto was an old capital of Japan.
Kyoto was the former capital of Japan.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
Kyowa Bank and Saitama Bank merged into Asahi Bank ten years ago.
Kyrgyzstan is called "Kirgiziya" in Russian.
Kyselo is a Czech soup made of sourdough and mushrooms.
Kyur is a Kalmyk national dish.
Kölsch and Alt are so-called top-fermented beers.
L'Anse Aux Meadows is a UNESCO World Heritage site and consists of the remains of eight buildings that were likely wooden structures covered with grass and soil.
L'Anse Aux Meadows likely was used as winter stopover point, where Vikings repaired their boats and sat out bad weather.
L'Hôpital's rule uses derivatives to help evaluate limits involving indeterminate forms.
L'amour, it causes many fatalities, does it not?
L'chaim!
L. L. Zamenhof was a Hebrew eye doctor.
L. L. Zamenhof was a Jewish eye doctor.
L. L. Zamenhof was a Jewish oculist.
L. L. Zamenhof, who hoped to unite all of humanity, named his son Adam.
L.A. is a wonderful city.
LCRD leverages the power of laser communications, which uses infrared light rather than radio waves, to encode and transmit information to and from Earth.
LCRD’s modems translate digital data into laser signals, which are then transmitted via encoded beams of light, invisible to the human eye, by the relay’s optical modules.
LED streetlights are more energy-efficient, but they dramatically increase light pollution.
LFN is an abbreviation of "Lingua Franca Nova."
LGB and TQ are not separable phenomena.
LGBT rights don't damn us to hell; they bring heaven to Earth.
LGBTQ people have been around longer than the concept of "Western civilization."
LGBTQ pride symbols are illegal in some countries.
LGBTQ+ representation in the media is essential for us.
LISA will look for gravitational waves from stars and black holes.
LISA will place three spacecraft in orbit around the Sun, tagging along behind Earth. The three spacecraft will be 5 million kilometers apart flying in a triangle formation. When a gravitational wave passes by, these ripples in space gently push the spacecraft around by the tiniest amount imaginable. But the super-super-super sensitive laser beams that connect the three spacecraft will allow this tiny movement to be measured.
LLC stands for limited liability company.
LMAO.
LOL.
LOL: Laughing out loud!
LOLOLOLOL!
LOVE Among a thousand lambs You are a golden sheep Among the rivers that gurgle, You are my living water. Among all the living flowers - You are the flower of others more beautiful. Among all my fairy tales You are the only one more truthful than others. Thousands of lights are burning, You are the fire in me burning. You are my sweetest poison. It struck me on the spot.
LSD doesn't change everyone for the better.
La Casa De Papel is the best Spanish series.
La Chingada is a small community in the municipality of San Gabriel located two hours from Guadalajara.
La Haye is so beautiful at this time of year.
La Lia Rumantscha is the umbrella organization of all Romansh women and men. It wants to promote, in a sustainable way, the Romansh language and culture.
La Maestra is an international competition for women conductors.
La Mancha is a region in central Spain.
La Palice said, "A few minutes before his death, he was still alive."
La Soufrière last erupted in 1979.
La metèo cambièt d'un còp.
La, la, la, I can't hear you.
La, la, la, I'm not listening.
Laayoune is a city located in Western Sahara.
Laayoune is part of Western Sahara.
Laayoune is the capital of Western Sahara.
Laban answered him: The daughters are mine, and the children, and thy flocks, and all things that thou seest are mine: what can I do to my children, and grandchildren?
Laban answered: It is better that I give her to thee than to another man; stay with me.
Laban answered: It is not the custom in this place, to give the younger in marriage first.
Laban said to him: Let me find favour in thy sight. I have learned, by experience, that God hath blessed me for thy sake.
Label containers and shelves so you can quickly find what you need.
Label leftovers and place them in clear containers for easy identification.
Label shelves or containers to make it easier for everyone to find what they need.
Label shelves to help everyone in the family find what they need easily.
Labelling speech as hate speech is a way to limit free speech by means of social pressure.
Labels often limit our understanding of nature's diversity.
Labneh is a strained yogurt.
Labor Day is a national holiday, created to honor U.S. workers and their contribution to the economy.
Labor advocates call it debt bondage, a prime example of modern-day slavery that can shackle workers to abusive employers for years while they pay off their debts.
Labor created man.
Labor is a necessary evil.
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure.
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration.
Labor migrants have been drawn to Libya since the development of its oil sector in the 1960s.
Labor productivity is growing quite slowly in Algeria.
Labor shortages are affecting not only hospitality in Australia, but a range of industries from construction to information technology.
Labor transforms everyone into prosperous and happy people.
Laborers in the emerging underclass who cater to the whims of the better-off are sometimes referred to as “wealth workers."
Laborers normally work 8 hours per day.
Laborers required raising of a salary of the manager.
Labour created man.
Labourers on plantations often face gruelling hours, low pay, and no job security.
Lacanian psychoanalysts have used the work "Saint Teresa in Ecstasy" as an example of feminine jouissance.
Lacanian psychoanalysts used the work "The Ecstasy of Saint Teresa" as an example of feminine jouissance.
Lachin hosted concert marking May 28 – Independence Day.
Lacing tightly a pair of worn sneakers, the athlete started off with a light jog.
Lack of communication exacerbated the situation.
Lack of discretion usually arises from a lack of things to talk about.
Lack of exercise may harm your health.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to one's progress.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to one’s progress.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to progress.
Lack of food had left him weak and exhausted.
Lack of food made them very hungry.
Lack of funding forced us to rethink our plans.
Lack of funding seriously impairs the ability of the police to solve crimes.
Lack of inspiration is the worst enemy of creativity.
Lack of moderation creates a hostile environment in which it is less possible to carry out a project's main purpose.
Lack of money brought my travel plans to an end.
Lack of money is a serious hindrance in their fight to conquer cancer.
Lack of money is not a problem for me.
Lack of openness is a problem.
Lack of originality, everywhere, all over the world, from time immemorial, has always been considered the foremost quality and the recommendation of the active, efficient and practical man...
Lack of oxygen is fatal to most animals.
Lack of rain has caused the death of wild plants.
Lack of relics found in excavated tombs was most probably due to grave robbing.
Lack of respect is something I can't live with.
Lack of respect is something I cannot easily put up with.
Lack of sleep began to tell on me.
Lack of sleep can gradually affect health.
Lack of sleep can have a negative effect on your health.
Lack of sleep can have an enormous negative impact on a student's grades.
Lack of sleep can have an enormous negative impact on a student’s grades.
Lack of sleep is bad for the body.
Lack of sleep is bad for your health.
Lack of sleep is detrimental to your health.
Lack of sleep is telling me.
Lack of sleep leads to fatigue.
Lack of sleep makes people irritable.
Lack of sleep may be impairing your judgment.
Lack of sleep was undermining her health.
Lack of sleep whittled away her energy.
Lack of sleep will make you do stupid things.
Lack of transparency and accountability erode trust in the democratic process.
Lacking proper lighting, Tammy's room was depressingly dingy.
Lacking sleep, he fell stiffly on the bed.
Lactic-acid bacilli are such unyielding bacteria that, even if frozen, they would simply hibernate and can restore themselves as if they came back to life.
Ladies also play with the ball.
Ladies and Gentlemen, now we will start the movie.
Ladies and Gentlemen, thanks to your untiring efforts our hideout is finally complete!!
Ladies and Gentlemen, we have now landed at Tokyo International Airport.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, thank you for your time.
Ladies and gentlemen!
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like you to listen to my opinion.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm very happy to be here.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening!
Ladies and gentlemen, in front of you is the train station, and to the right, you will see the cathedral of Cologne.
Ladies and gentlemen, now we start the movie.
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to say a few words of welcome.
Ladies and gentlemen, please be seated.
Ladies and gentlemen, please be seated. The food is about to be served.
Ladies and gentlemen, please come this way.
Ladies and gentlemen, please notify the people to stop contributing to global warming and use nature-friendly equipment.
Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for tonight's special guest!
Ladies and gentlemen, please sit down.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stand for the national anthem of the Russian Federation performed by the Sretensky Monastery Choir.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Tom and Mary!
Ladies and gentlemen, start your engines!
Ladies and gentlemen, straight ahead is the station and to the right we see the Cathedral of Cologne.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed.
Ladies and gentlemen, there will be a small delay as we're going to close the roof.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is it. It is exactly the time that we have all been waiting for.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain. We are now at cruising altitude.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our descent.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are now ready to begin the voir dire.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard Flight 3762 with service to Chicago.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome on board.
Ladies and gentlemen. We will soon land in London. Today it is twelve degrees. Have a good day.
Ladies and gentlemen...
Ladies before gentlemen.
Ladies first!
Ladies first.
Ladies should wear dresses.
Ladies use fans when it is hot.
Ladies who are the students wear red dress.
Ladies' fashion trends change very quickly nowadays.
Ladies, I'm going to need some answers.
Ladino has been spoken in Jerusalem for over 500 years.
Ladino is a sister language of Spanish.
Ladino is most similar to Castillian, but it also shares a lot of vocabulary with Portuguese and Italian.
Ladino isn't a fossilized Old Castillian, but has evolved in its own right over the centuries.
Ladle the soup into everyone's bowl.
Ladle the soup into everyone’s bowl.
Ladsous said some of the peacekeepers would be redeployed from areas where security threat levels have decreased to potential flash points.
Lady Ashton became much alarmed and consulted the family physicians.
Lady Ashton led the way, and her lord followed somewhat like a condemned criminal, to her ladyship's dressing-room.
Lady Ashton lived to the verge of extreme old age, the only survivor of the group of unhappy persons whose misfortunes were owing to her implacability.
Lady Ashton lived to the verge of extreme old age.
Lady Bird Johnson beautified the White House gardens and other gardens and parks. She also campaigned for a law called the Beautification Act of Nineteen Sixty-Five. That law resulted in more wildflowers and fewer big advertising signs along the nation's highways.
Lady Canterville often got very little sleep at night, in consequence of the mysterious noises that came from the corridor and the library.
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
Lady Di passed away in a car accident.
Lady Gaga gave $1 million to the Red Cross to help the victims of Hurricane Sandy.
Lady Gaga has a ridiculous dress.
Lady Gaga sang the national anthem at Joe Biden's inauguration.
Lady Gaga wore a black and red dress with a golden dove of peace brooch.
Lady Luck favors the adventuresome.
Lady Otohime gave Urashima Taro a beautiful Tamate-box.
Lady Stair sent him for answer, that her daughter, sensible of her undutiful behaviour in entering into a contract unsanctioned by her parents, had retracted her unlawful vow, and now refused to fulfil her engagement with him.
Lady Stair was obliged to consent to an interview between Lord Rutherford and her daughter.
Lady Stair, a woman accustomed to universal submission, for even her husband did not dare to contradict her, treated this objection as a trifle, and insisted upon her daughter yielding her consent to marry the new suitor, David Dunbar, son and heir to David Dunbar of Baldoon, in Wigtonshire.
Lady luck is smiling on me, and I'll be fine.
Lady luck is smiling on me, and I’ll be fine.
Ladybirds are insects that everyone likes.
Ladybirds are not birds.
Ladybirds eat aphids.
Ladybug, ladybug, fly away home. Your house is on fire and your children are gone.
Ladybugs are beetles that like crimson clover and hairy vetch.
Ladybugs are highly underrated animals.
Ladybugs are known to eat aphids.
Ladybugs are natural predators of aphids.
Ladybugs are voracious aphid feeders.
Ladybugs eat aphids.
Laggy systems are, however, not simply annoying but substantially reduce user productivity.
Lagom is a Swedish word that means not too little, not too much, just right.
Lagoons, just like lakes, are bodies of water.
Laika died when Sputnik 2 burned out in the atmosphere.
Laika orbited Earth for seven days.
Laika was a small, stray mongrel picked up from the street.
Laika was the first animal to orbit the Earth.
Laika, a female dog, was the first animal to be launched into orbit.
Laila's son was born in this clinic.
Lain killed herself.
Lajos Kossuth, a towering figure in Hungarian history.
Lajos Kossuth, one of Hungary’s greatest statesmen.
Lajos Kossuth, the great patriot of Hungary.
Lajos Portisch is a very famous Hungarian chess player.
Lajos abstained from drinking.
Lajos admitted he loved having Boldi around.
Lajos adored Olivia and he thought she adored him, too.
Lajos almost bled to death.
Lajos always makes sure to check outside before he opens the door.
Lajos and Olivia shared the same route.
Lajos and the manager spoke behind a shut door.
Lajos asked Olivia to call the cops back.
Lajos asked Olivia to scare Boldi.
Lajos asked if the kids were OK.
Lajos believed in good honest work.
Lajos booked another room.
Lajos broke almost every bone throughout his body.
Lajos called the cops from a motel.
Lajos can give Olivia money.
Lajos checked outside before he opened the door.
Lajos checked the damage.
Lajos checked the gates.
Lajos checked the hooves of the horses.
Lajos chose to swallow Olivia's nonsense story.
Lajos confronted Olivia nicely.
Lajos could get charged with manslaughter.
Lajos could have stopped Olivia if he wanted to.
Lajos couldn't say no.
Lajos crawled to the corner of the room in pain.
Lajos decided to hire another farm hand.
Lajos decided to ostracize Olivia.
Lajos did a few things he didn't want to.
Lajos did most of the work around the farm.
Lajos did survive.
Lajos did that by accident.
Lajos did whatever he was told to do.
Lajos didn't acknowledge Olivia's existence whatsoever.
Lajos didn't come for candy.
Lajos didn't even acknowledge Olivia.
Lajos didn't even finish college.
Lajos didn't even notice the smell.
Lajos didn't go out on Halloween.
Lajos didn't go to college.
Lajos didn't park in the lot.
Lajos didn't park in the parking lot.
Lajos didn't raise his name.
Lajos didn't really want to answer the door.
Lajos didn't say a damn word to Olivia.
Lajos does a different job.
Lajos does a high-paying job.
Lajos doesn't like working on planes.
Lajos drove Olivia to the Algerian border.
Lajos drove to a motel.
Lajos emptied the tank.
Lajos encouraged his employees to be happy about their salaries.
Lajos evacuated like everyone else.
Lajos fed the cows.
Lajos felt Olivia begin slipping out of his hands.
Lajos felt a chill go down his spine.
Lajos felt completely humiliated.
Lajos felt like it was his fault.
Lajos felt the earth shake.
Lajos finally calmed down.
Lajos finished college.
Lajos followed Olivia everywhere.
Lajos found a job with a decent pay.
Lajos found blood on Olivia's apartment door.
Lajos genuinely thought that Olivia was Angelina Jolie.
Lajos gets bored easily.
Lajos gets paid differently.
Lajos glared with the most angry expression I had never seen in my life.
Lajos got a higher salary.
Lajos got another job offer later that was just as good.
Lajos got back to the room.
Lajos got charged with manslaughter.
Lajos got help from a disaster relief team.
Lajos got on the bus and tapped his tap card.
Lajos got paid 40,000 dinars.
Lajos got paid more than Olivia.
Lajos got so bored.
Lajos got so used to it.
Lajos got some ice from the ice machine.
Lajos got the kids ready for school.
Lajos got the money that he deserved.
Lajos grabbed the bat he kept underneath his bat and headed to the front door.
Lajos graduated high school and college.
Lajos had a cut over his eye.
Lajos had a lot of work to do.
Lajos had extensive brain damage.
Lajos had no idea what was really going on there.
Lajos had no reason to disbelieve Olivia.
Lajos had to focus on the situation at hand.
Lajos had to make do with what he had.
Lajos happened to be a Latino.
Lajos has a Palestinian flag outside his office.
Lajos has a business in Algeria.
Lajos has a very boring life.
Lajos has an awful dating life.
Lajos has been living with his family in Algeria since 2004.
Lajos has been planning on leaving for a while.
Lajos has gotten hurt.
Lajos has gotten pretty used to all of this.
Lajos has just broken up with Olivia.
Lajos has just moved to Algiers from Mila.
Lajos has more work experience than Olivia.
Lajos has taken that medication for years and it's not that bad.
Lajos has taken the big blue bus for years.
Lajos has to tell the story.
Lajos hasn't had a job for years.
Lajos headed back up to his hotel room.
Lajos heard screaming coming from inside the barn.
Lajos hit his head pretty hard against the wall.
Lajos hit the floor hard after he was slammed by the taser.
Lajos hold on to his dad with all his strength.
Lajos is a real blond.
Lajos is a smart independent young man.
Lajos is curious about many different things.
Lajos is extremely motivated by money.
Lajos is from a small town in Algeria.
Lajos is gonna sue Olivia.
Lajos is happy that Olivia is making more money than him.
Lajos is just going to work.
Lajos is passed now, God rest his soul.
Lajos is the mayor of our town.
Lajos is very popular on YouTube.
Lajos jumped into his truck and took off into the night.
Lajos just entered his room.
Lajos just knew Olivia as the "neighbor."
Lajos just laughed at Olivia's shaky voice.
Lajos just won the lottery.
Lajos kept Olivia safe.
Lajos kept screaming.
Lajos kicked open the door.
Lajos knew what to do to get on top.
Lajos knocked Olivia to the ground once again.
Lajos knows that Olivia is struggling.
Lajos learnt how to negotiate.
Lajos left Olivia home alone.
Lajos likes his mhadjebs spicy.
Lajos likes staying home.
Lajos listens to Matoub.
Lajos lived in Algiers all his life.
Lajos looked completely terrified.
Lajos looked out and saw his sister on the roof.
Lajos loved his job on the farm.
Lajos loved that bus.
Lajos made Olivia like working.
Lajos made Olivia roll around in the mud.
Lajos made us laugh.
Lajos managed to put out the fire before the whole place burnt down.
Lajos migrated to Algeria.
Lajos moved to a new city.
Lajos named his son after Boldi.
Lajos needed to get something to eat.
Lajos needs to describe what that woman looks like.
Lajos never discusses salary at work.
Lajos never experienced anything that terrifying again.
Lajos never took advantage of someone else's hard work.
Lajos ordered from DoorDash.
Lajos ostracized Olivia.
Lajos passed away in 2004.
Lajos passed the job along to Olivia.
Lajos picked up after the cows.
Lajos planned to move to Algiers.
Lajos pressed the full way of his body down on his bag.
Lajos prevented Olivia from closing the door.
Lajos promised he wouldn't hurt Olivia.
Lajos pulled the door open.
Lajos put out the fire.
Lajos quit his job on the spot.
Lajos quit his job.
Lajos ran across the farm as fast as he could to try and get Grandpa.
Lajos read comics.
Lajos really hated working on the farm.
Lajos really knows how to connect with people.
Lajos really loves Algeria.
Lajos really wanted that job.
Lajos reassured Olivia that everything would be OK.
Lajos received five years for aggravated assault.
Lajos recovered in about five months.
Lajos rode that bus for several months.
Lajos rushed over to Olivia.
Lajos said that he wants to live in Szeged.
Lajos said that three years ago he wanted to live in Szeged.
Lajos sat down to watch some TV.
Lajos sat in the same seat every day.
Lajos saved the entire hotel.
Lajos saw Olivia had a knife in her hand.
Lajos saw Olivia on the bus.
Lajos set the bed on fire.
Lajos shielded his kids with his body.
Lajos should be on his way now.
Lajos should have kept that to himself.
Lajos showed Olivia the order.
Lajos showed the cops everything he had found.
Lajos showed up to help Olivia.
Lajos started acting real shady with Olivia.
Lajos started getting weirdly defensive.
Lajos started the job last month.
Lajos started to close the door on Olivia.
Lajos stayed real quiet.
Lajos still requires around-the-clock care.
Lajos stole half of Olivia's sales.
Lajos stole shoes for Olivia.
Lajos stopped hurting Olivia.
Lajos stopped talking completely.
Lajos stopped what he was doing.
Lajos suggested we call the cops right away.
Lajos tells people constantly where he is from.
Lajos thanked Olivia for coming to him about that.
Lajos thinks Olivia is an actress.
Lajos told Olivia to be very careful.
Lajos told Olivia to get up.
Lajos told the cops that he was threatened.
Lajos told the manager it was Olivia's fault.
Lajos told us a story about the same thing happening to him.
Lajos took Olivia outside.
Lajos took a picture of Olivia to compare it to Angelina Jolie.
Lajos took a picture of me.
Lajos took a walk around the barn.
Lajos took his glasses off and started laughing.
Lajos took out his phone to call the cops.
Lajos took the ice and put it on his forehead.
Lajos took this medication for years.
Lajos tried to call the cops back.
Lajos tried to pull Olivia out.
Lajos tried to rescue Olivia.
Lajos turned the valve too fast.
Lajos used the feces as manure.
Lajos usually wears a purple T-shirt.
Lajos waited for the cops for about an hour.
Lajos walked over to open the door.
Lajos wanted a relationship.
Lajos wanted some pretzels.
Lajos wanted those pictures deleted.
Lajos wanted to beat up his girlfriend.
Lajos wanted to make more money.
Lajos wanted to see his kids grow.
Lajos was a huge inspiration to my children.
Lajos was a huge threat to others.
Lajos was a top seller.
Lajos was alerted of the fire.
Lajos was amazed at how angry Olivia was.
Lajos was amused by what Olivia was saying.
Lajos was calling himself by a fake name.
Lajos was complaining about money.
Lajos was completely limp.
Lajos was completely terrified.
Lajos was confused and embarrassed.
Lajos was constantly running around the farm.
Lajos was dating in Algiers.
Lajos was determined and super ambitious.
Lajos was drowning in the thick feces.
Lajos was fired over that tweet.
Lajos was glad that Olivia was there.
Lajos was going to be a farmer.
Lajos was grabbing onto his dad as tight as he could.
Lajos was happy about his salary.
Lajos was happy for Olivia.
Lajos was horrified by what he found.
Lajos was in his early forties.
Lajos was in the hospital, attached to a bunch of machines.
Lajos was just minding his business.
Lajos was leading Olivia towards the barn.
Lajos was never part of something like this.
Lajos was on a break.
Lajos was on top.
Lajos was praying for his children's lives.
Lajos was present everywhere we went.
Lajos was pulled way by the wind.
Lajos was quite eager to work.
Lajos was really excited about his job.
Lajos was really, really annoying.
Lajos was relieved to see that the fire was in only a small area of the room.
Lajos was rude and ignored the kids.
Lajos was seemingly expecting candy.
Lajos was smoking weed on the beach.
Lajos was so aggressive.
Lajos was so convinced that Olivia was an actress.
Lajos was so pissed.
Lajos was soon arrested.
Lajos was still in a lot of pain.
Lajos was stuck here, working.
Lajos was taken to a hospital.
Lajos was taking the bus to go to work.
Lajos was tasered before he even know what was happening.
Lajos was terrified, but nothing happened.
Lajos was the salesperson of the month again.
Lajos was thrown there by the wind.
Lajos was trying to figure out how old Olivia was.
Lajos was trying to fix the pipe himself.
Lajos was trying to make small talk with Olivia.
Lajos wasn't comfortable sending Olivia on the bus alone.
Lajos wasn't too worried about it.
Lajos watched movies.
Lajos went ballistic.
Lajos went completely silent.
Lajos went down to pick up the food.
Lajos went on Reddit and found the information he needed.
Lajos went to the bathroom and closed the door.
Lajos will be doing this for the next forty years of his life.
Lajos will figure out that somehow.
Lajos will kill Olivia, too, just for helping Boldi.
Lajos will pay Olivia back for everything.
Lajos woke up to the sound of someone hammering on his apartment door.
Lajos worked for us as a sales associate.
Lajos worked on a farm.
Lajos works over five hours.
Lajos wouldn't have to answer the door.
Lajos wouldn't raise his kids in Morocco.
Lajos yelled for his sister to run and hide.
Lajos's T-shirt was drenched with blood.
Lajos's face was a mess.
Lajos's favorite star was on that bus.
Lajos's job pays a million dinars per year.
Lajos's wife was pregnant with their fourth child.
Lake Akan is frozen over.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
Lake Biwa came in sight.
Lake Biwa could be seen from where we were standing.
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.
Lake Chad continues to shrink.
Lake Chad is continuing to shrink.
Lake Erie is known for seiches, especially when strong winds blow from southwest to northeast. In 1844, a 22-foot seiche breached a 14-foot-high sea wall killing 78 people and damming the ice to the extent that Niagara Falls temporarily stopped flowing.
Lake Geneva is the largest lake in Switzerland.
Lake Manicouagan, a ring-shaped lake in Quebec, Canada, is all that remains of a crater from a massive impact over 200 million years ago.
Lake Neusiedl is shallower than Lake Balaton.
Lake Titicaca is in Peru.
Lake Titicaca is next to Mount Bubipupu.
Lake Titicaca, the biggest lake in South America, is in Peru.
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.
Lake Towada is in the north of Japan.
Lake Van is the largest lake in Turkey.
Lake and river water is usually fresh.
Lakes and streams which people use for drinking water, bathing and defecating are sources of disease, as is water left by natural disasters.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, invited all his coworkers to his wedding.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, turned out to be a really nice guy.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, wore a fancy dress for his birthday party.
Lakmini asked her elder brother Kalindu if he would like to accompany her to the Pinnawala Open Zoo on the weekend.
Lakshadweep is a union territory of India.
Lakshmibai was the queen of Jhansi.
Lalita called us to the wedding.
Lalita called.
Lalla Fadhma n'Soumer was an important figure of the Kabylian resistance movement during the beginning of French colonization in North Africa.
Lalla Fatma of Aheggun, dropped the moon inside a can.
Lamare Jennings, 37, has been incarcerated since 2006. He is scheduled to be released from prison in April 2014 and also hopes to apply his newly-acquired skills once he’s released.
Lambert estimates around 200,000 workers are needed in the next three months to pick strawberries and other seasonal crops.
Lambert maintained eye contact with Mary.
Lambert raised three sons and owned and managed a restaurant for 30 years.
Lambert said nurses backed away “like I was glowing or something.”
Lambert said she has trouble swallowing and has been sapped of energy.
Lamberto is the name of a large hotel chain.
Lambs are baby sheep.
Lambs are usually killed before they are one year old and eaten by humans.
Lambs are very cute.
Lamentably, the findings from yesterday were like you see them.
Laminate is cheaper than parquet flooring.
Laminated glass was invented accidentally.
Lamon began to put his house and garden in order, that everything might please his master's eye.
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rupees.
Lana Turner was a beautiful blonde.
Lance Armstrong dominated cycling while on steroids. No trans woman has ever dominated a women's sport.
Lance Armstrong feels really insecure about his fraudulent career, so he's trying to distract everyone by going after trans people.
Lance Armstrong has no authority to speak on anything. He wasn't even really an athlete; he cheated throughout his whole career.
Lance Armstrong is a notorious cheat, so he'll do anything to distract from this and scapegoat a vulnerable minority.
Lance Armstrong's complete recovery from cancer is seen by many as miraculous. He finished his treatment cancer-free, and has stayed that way. Many projected that he would never race again, and that the cancer would effectively end his athletic career.
Lance Mitchell is an interesting character. He's a hair colorist by trade, who lives with his wife in a fairly typical suburban apartment complex just outside Washington, D.C. He has tattoos on both arms and rings in both ears. He enjoys bicycling, and exploring caves, and says he was raised by Druids, practitioners of an ancient Celtic religion that emphasizes the connection between humans and other animals. That upbringing is one of the reasons Lance Mitchell feels so passionately about his snakes, one-meter and three-meter-long pythons, Georgie and Bert, and his two-meter-long boa constrictor, Medusa.
Lance, a black fellow from Barbados, became a friend in my university, UBC. He had advanced mathematical abilities, and it was not just in high-level calculus. He became a "pet student" of some mathematics professors in ancient ivy-covered buildings.
Lancelets are the most primitive chordates.
Lancelot fell in love with King Arthur's wife Guinevere.
Land Rovers are the least reliable cars in the world.
Land and water make up the earth's surface.
Land and water make up the earth’s surface.
Land came in sight.
Land covers about 30 percent of the surface of the earth.
Land has hill, woods, fields, animals and men.
Land ho!
Land is considered the mother of creation, connecting Aboriginal peoples to their past, present and future.
Land lies at the heart of indigenous culture, and it has immense spiritual, physical and social importance.
Land made him a rich man.
Land occupies the minor portion of the earth's surface.
Land occupies the minor portion of the earth’s surface.
Land of liberty, land of the future, I salute you!
Land ownership is restricted for Israeli Arabs.
Land plants are descended from green algae and related to red algae.
Land prices are going up.
Land prices are running higher every year.
Land prices are sky-high in Japan.
Land prices are very high in Japan.
Land prices seem to just keep going up.
Land prices still show no sign of evening out.
Land reform caused a great change in the lives of the people.
Land speculation is very common in Algiers.
Land's sake; you kids will frighten the daylights out of me!
Land, ho!
Land-clearing is the number-one threat to koalas.
Lander assumes that rioting and gang behavior are a result of poverty and poor economic conditions.
Landfills are probably the oldest type of waste disposal—dumping trash in a midden or pit.
Landfills contain a treasure trove of valuable information and materials that goes to waste.
Landing on an alien planet is a dream many scientists hope to achieve.
Landing on the lunar surface is a complex maneuver fraught with challenges.
Landing on the moon involves reducing the velocity at which the lander comes down to ensure a touchdown so soft that it prevents damage, tilting or crashing.
Landing safely on the surface of Mars is dangerous.
Landlord, another round!
Landmines are cheap to put in place, but expensive to remove.
Landmines kill 15,000 to 20,000 people every year, many of them children.
Landscaping is my profession and my hobby.
Landslides can be very dangerous.
Lane after lane of motorway is choked with cars.
Lanes are closed on the motorway northbound because of repairs to the crash barrier.
Lang Teng opened his business in Phnom Penh not long after the murderous Khmer Rouge rule ended in 1979.
Lang Teng remembers how shoppers arrived at the market back then, each with an empty basket. They moved from stall to stall, buying basics—vegetables, meat, fish, eggs—and tucking purchases into the baskets that always seemed to have room for another item.
Language acquisition requires creativity.
Language and culture can't be separated.
Language and culture cannot be separated.
Language and culture live together in perfect symbiosis as if they are an indivisible unit.
Language apps are fun but can be distracting.
Language as we know is a human invention.
Language builds the world.
Language can be used in different ways.
Language can be used in many ways.
Language can sometimes be very complicated and worry us greatly, especially when we cannot express what we want to say, but there will definitely be a day when we can communicate well.
Language cannot exist outside society.
Language cannot exist without thought.
Language changes as human beings do.
Language changes over time.
Language covers all topics, doesn't it?
Language covers virtually all domains of reality.
Language creates awareness.
Language creates conscience.
Language death is a bad thing.
Language death is loss of precious scientific data.
Language determines a person's world view to a considerable extent.
Language doesn't achieve anything if it's not triggered by wisdom.
Language enable us to communicate with other people.
Language evolves with the evolution of culture.
Language fluency is a subjective measure.
Language has the power to shape the way we think.
Language has, at the same time as being method of expressing one's thoughts, the side of being something used to think with.
Language has, at the same time as being method of expressing one’s thoughts, the side of being something used to think with.
Language in particular is the most fluid of mediums.
Language is a bridge, not only for our contemporaries, but also between the past and the future.
Language is a code.
Language is a fundamental problem of international marriage.
Language is a living organism.
Language is a means of communication between people.
Language is a means of communication.
Language is a reflection of culture. Culture is based in language.
Language is a specifically human characteristic.
Language is a system of differences without positive terms.
Language is a system of signs.
Language is a tool of self-expression.
Language is a vehicle of human thought.
Language is an imperfect reflection of human lives, in which we have to trust that we have enough in common to understand each other.
Language is an important matter, so don't leave it to the linguists.
Language is an indispensable instrument of human society.
Language is awareness.
Language is beautiful.
Language is becoming the tool of civilization.
Language is born from the heart of the people.
Language is central to human life.
Language is contextual.
Language is difficult.
Language is funny.
Language is human, therefore imperfect.
Language is important.
Language is just a map of human thoughts, feelings and memories. And like all maps, language is a thumbnail image a hundred thousand times smaller than what it is trying to convey.
Language is often used to talk about politics.
Language is one of man's most important inventions.
Language is one of man’s most important inventions.
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind.
Language is one of the most important ways of communication.
Language is one of the most systematic, subtle, and significant vehicles for spreading racist ideology.
Language is peculiar to man.
Language is subject to constant change.
Language is the dress of thought.
Language is the fountain of communication.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
Language is the mirror of the soul.
Language is the most important invention of the man.
Language is the only thing worth knowing, even poorly.
Language is the painting of our ideas.
Language is the symbol of a nation's existence.
Language is the vehicle of thought.
Language is the world in which men live.
Language is the world in which the people live.
Language is to a great extent a tool for concealing the truth.
Language is unique in that any statement must start out as the creation of an individual mind.
Language is unique to man.
Language is used to express a perception of the world.
Language is without a doubt one of the domains where people, considering it part of their identity, are least aware of what they don't know.
Language is wonderful.
Language isn't perfectly logical.
Language isn't static.
Language itself shapes a man's basic ideas.
Language keeps in step with the times.
Language learners sometimes marvel that even two-year-olds can speak French; but two-year-olds can't speak much French; and many will be improving their mastery until the end.
Language learning apps can connect friends across cultures.
Language learning brings a lot of joy in our life.
Language learning is a continuous process and the assholes that are trying to put you down will never help you in anything whatsoever.
Language learning is like the number system; it has a beginning but doesn't have an end.
Language learning isn't a short distance race; it's a marathon.
Language learning isn't just for shallow people.
Language learning never ends.
Language learning software, no matter how nice it looks and works, is only as good as the data it uses.
Language learning stimulates brain activity and improves memory retention.
Language learning: A process by which a person reduces his ignorance of a language over time.
Language of legends, myths, epopees... Language of heroes, gods, philosophers – of ideas.
Language opens worlds.
Language plays a very important role in forging cultural identity.
Language policy influences the official use of idioms.
Language proficiency is a long journey.
Language reflects daily experience.
Language reflects the history, customs, and soul of the people that speak it.
Language reflects who we are.
Language schools suck.
Language textbooks often contain only good people.
Language textbooks often feature only good people.
Language transfer influences the learning of a new language.
Language was designed to hide feelings.
Language was invented to convey meaning. It's arguably the most direct form of human communication.
Language, as we know it, is a human invention.
Language, sometimes, cannot express human feelings.
Languages act as distorting mirrors: one is more prone to hearing languages that one speaks.
Languages and words are inherited.
Languages are a source of valuable scientific data.
Languages are always translatable.
Languages are constantly changing.
Languages are constantly changing. Some fast, some slow.
Languages are dialects and dialects are languages.
Languages are fascinating.
Languages are in a constant process of change.
Languages are like beautiful jewels.
Languages are like muscles. If you don't use them regularly, you will lose them.
Languages are meant for communication and understanding. Correctness is secondary.
Languages are my hobby. What's yours?
Languages are not carved in stone. Languages live through all of us.
Languages are partially isomorphic.
Languages are really interesting.
Languages are subject to constant change.
Languages are valuable subjects for scientific research.
Languages aren't his forte.
Languages aren't lineages.
Languages aren’t his forte.
Languages belong to all their speakers, who have a common interest in utility and in beauty.
Languages can form an infinite number of sentences with a finite set of elements.
Languages change over time.
Languages constantly change.
Languages differ in how many basic colour terms they have.
Languages don't devolve into dialects from a pure state; rather, standards are created out of dialects.
Languages enable us to communicate with other people.
Languages evolve over time.
Languages have difficult words.
Languages have hard words.
Languages in the Hmong-Mien language family, also referred to as the Miao-Yao language family, are spoken across Southeast Asia and mountainous areas of southern China.
Languages influence each other.
Languages like English and French are not phonetic: they have letters that can be pronounced in different ways or sometimes not at all.
Languages often spoken in Western society have been adopting gender-neutral pronouns to be more accessible.
Languages provide valuable scientific data.
Languages should not be used, for that would adulterate their beauty. Rather, they should be cryogenically frozen and observed in silence.
Languages take time and effort to master.
Languages that would have never found each other in traditional systems can be connected in Tatoeba. Awesome, right? But where do we get those sentences, and how do we translate them? Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
Languages that would have never found themselves together in a traditional system, can be connected in Tatoeba.
Languages usually change in time.
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan.
Lantier doesn't work.
Lanyon didn't approve of Jekyll's work in chemistry.
Lanzarote is a Spanish island.
Lanzarote is not so beautiful.
Lanzarote is very beautiful.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
Lao Zhang bought a sweater.
Laocoon, Neptune's priest, by lot ordained, / a stately bull before the altar slew.
Laos became a member of ASEAN in 1997 and the WTO in 2013.
Laos held the chairmanship of ASEAN in 2016.
Laos' economy is heavily dependent on capital-intensive natural resource exports.
Laos' teen pop idol, Alexandra Bounxouei, returns to serenade our audience with her not-yet-released new songs, courtesy of her musician father, Mr. Bounthavisay Bounxouei, who made a copy of the songs and gave it to VOA.
Lapis is a light turquoise pony whose owner is jasmine.
Laptops with the 11th generation Intel processors have begun to appear in the market.
Lapu-Lapu Day is celebrated every year in the Philippines on 27 April to commemorate Lapulapu, a national hero who resisted Spanish colonisation.
Lapulapu is regarded, retroactively, as the first Filipino hero.
Lara's is a lot worse than yours.
Larbaa Nath Irathen used to be the cherry capital of Algeria.
Larbi Ben M'hidi is Algerian.
Lard from the supermarket also of course works wonderfully.
Large amounts of money were spent on the new bridge.
Large amounts of timber are used in paper making.
Large areas of the ocean are polluted.
Large areas were deforested.
Large bird-like butterflies gracefully flitting down the long corridors between the pines, and myriads of jumping mantises and grasshoppers suggest that it is not November.
Large bolts of lightning have been seen in Jupiter's atmosphere.
Large cars use lots of gas.
Large cars use lots of petrol.
Large catches of squid are a sign of a coming earthquake.
Large corporations are already counting their gains.
Large corporations are already counting their profits.
Large countries shouldn't interfere with smaller countries.
Large countries shouldn’t interfere with smaller countries.
Large cracks started to develop in the concrete.
Large dust storms have swept through the Sahara Desert in North Africa, turning day into night and making it hard to breathe and see.
Large fries, please.
Large houses are expensive to live in.
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.
Large numbers can be used in Toki Pona.
Large numbers of cows are grazing on the mountain pastures.
Large numbers of cows graze on the mountain pastures.
Large oil deposits were found in North Dakota.
Large or small?
Large patches of fog continued to hamper visibility for motorists.
Large planes brought about large amounts of sound pollution.
Large planes produce considerable noise.
Large portions of the Algerian desert are uninhabitable.
Large queues form outside the ice-cream parlour in summer.
Large raindrops are starting to fall.
Large residual stomach contents may lead to loss of appetite, nausea and vomiting.
Large segments of white society are more concerned about tranquility and the status quo than about justice and humanity.
Large ships are all equipped with a lifeboat.
Large submarines have small windows.
Large, isn't it?
Large, isn’t it?
Large-scale road construction began.
Large-scale surface currents are already known to exist, and major currents below the ocean surface, too, are being found.
Larger cars use more gas.
Larger pirates often preyed on unarmed merchant ships.
Larry Ewing doesn't answer me.
Larry Ewing doesn’t answer me.
Larry Ewing is a vandal.
Larry Ewing is drunk.
Larry Ewing is married and the father of two children.
Larry Ewing is married.
Larry Ewing's personal life was posted on a website.
Larry Kudlow claims Biden is going to force Americans to drink "plant-based beer."
Larry Niven explores the theme of teleportation and its impact on society in the Ringworld sci-fi franchise and the newer book Red Tide.
Larry Niven's sci-fi franchise of Ringworld and Known Space stimulated my teenage years. Ringworld was a gigantic structure, a ribbon habitat that encircled a sun. I imagined, as I bicycled around my home of Lulu Island, that the terrain was part of Ringworld. Niven reinforced my belief that some aliens did not have humanoid shape.
Larry came in from the kitchen, a woebegone expression on his face.
Larry did not understand that speaking the language of extortion leads others to believe they are being extorted.
Larry is participating in an outpatient treatment program.
Larry likes lobster.
Larry's house is the big white one on the corner.
Larry, a real estate agent, relapsed last year after more than a dozen years sober.
Lars is Swedish, his parents are German, his wife Ana is French, his father-in-law is Italian, his mother-in-law is Portuguese and he has a Japanese son.
Larsen tried to inveigle me into discussion.
Las Vegas is a city where people come to gamble.
Las Vegas is filled to the brim with ritzy hotels and casinos.
Las Vegas is one of the fastest growing cities in the United States.
Las Vegas was great!
Lasagna is one of my favorite foods.
Laser communications will revolutionize the way NASA sends and receives information to and from space.
Laser is currently operating! Use extreme caution!
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.
Laser printers are generally less expensive to maintain than ink jet printers.
Laser rays are used in the restoration of ancient works.
Laser scans have revealed an ancient Mayan city hidden under the jungle.
Laser surgery can fix some kinds of vision problems.
Lasers have made measurement an exact science. Astronomers have used lasers to measure the moon’s distance from Earth to within a few centimeters. Mappers and builders use laser technology every day. For example, drawing a perfectly level straight line on a construction site is easy using a laser.
Lasers, the highly concentrated light beams once considered unsuitable for long-distance communications, may become the best way to transmit large amounts of data across deep space.
Lashed into foam, behind them roars the brine; / now, gliding onward to the beach, ere long / they gain the fields, and rolling bloodshot eyne / that blaze with fire, the monsters move along, / and lick their hissing jaws, and dart a flickering tongue.
Last April, staff from the Oregon Coast Aquarium rescued more than a dozen yellowtail jacks and one striped beakfish from a half-sunk, fiberglass wreck coated in seaweed. It was the front half of a roughly 15-meter-long commercial fishing vessel.
Last August, Death Valley, California reached a temperature of 54.4 degrees Celsius, the world’s highest temperature record.
Last August, astronomers, using the Hubble Space Telescope to observe Betelgeuse, found evidence that the star was ejecting so much material into space that it formed a dust cloud, which blocked all light coming from its surface.
Last Christmas Teri Welsh was happily holidaying in Mauritius with her husband Craig, two children, and Pumla, their friend and child minder to 9-year-old Jay, and 2-year-old Kiera.
Last Christmas, we had a blizzard.
Last Friday I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
Last Friday I played football with my friends.
Last Friday I played soccer with friends.
Last Friday I played soccer with my friends.
Last Halloween, we didn't get many trick-or-treaters.
Last I heard, Tom was in Australia.
Last I met him, he was very well.
Last May we bought twenty-five bulbs of Lilium auratum for a shilling.
Last Monday was a holiday, so the banks were closed.
Last Monday, I bought a new computer.
Last Monday, I stayed at home all day.
Last Monday, I stayed at home and read a book.
Last Monday, Tom and I ate lunch together.
Last Monday, Tom and Mary ate lunch together.
Last Monday, Tom and his friends played volleyball.
Last Monday, we attended a concert.
Last October was warmer than usual.
Last October, Tom was in Boston.
Last Saturday I bought a laptop.
Last Saturday morning, the Election Reform Commission held a meeting with senior journalists of private television channels at the Election Building in Agargaon.
Last Saturday, China's National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) revealed that the widely-watched indicator of the country's economic activity slumped to a record low of 35.7 in February from 50.0 in January. This was the lowest since January 2005, when the index was first released.
Last Saturday, I went with my family to the zoo to see the pandas.
Last Saturday, my family went to the zoo to see the pandas.
Last Saturday, our kids played in the park near the lake.
Last September she was in Paris.
Last Sunday I bought a Dumas novel.
Last Sunday I bought a new car.
Last Sunday I relaxed at home.
Last Sunday I went to the library with Maria.
Last Sunday my family went to the zoo to see panda bears.
Last Sunday, I bought a new car.
Last Sunday, Mary and I went to the library together.
Last Sunday, we watched a soccer game.
Last Thursday I missed my train.
Last Thursday I sold my house.
Last Thursday, I was at his home in Madrid.
Last Tuesday I visited the United States.
Last Wednesday my dog passed away. She was 16.
Last Wednesday, I wrote a letter to my siblings.
Last autumn, a zealous policeman from Marseilles wrote a best-selling expose of Socialist involvement in a huge embezzlement of public money in south-east France.
Last but not least ....
Last call!
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
Last century they would've just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
Last days, it was raining heavily, all the time.
Last evening I was rung up by an old college friend whom I had not heard from for years.
Last evening I watched the original version of a German film on the Arte channel.
Last fall she fell and broke her leg.
Last fall, Tom had open-heart surgery.
Last fiscal quarter, the country's economic growth fell.
Last month I brought up the courage to tell everyone that I converted to Islam.
Last month I officially divorced my wife.
Last month I renewed my driving license.
Last month I spent a fortune on the telephone bill.
Last month Tom said he was planning to be here today.
Last month he had his house painted white.
Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.
Last month our 25-year-old daughter gave birth to a girl.
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.
Last month temperatures were 0.69°C above average, making October 2019 the hottest on record.
Last month they had a lot of rain in France.
Last month this program cost double what it costs today.
Last month was November, right?
Last month was October, right?
Last month was October, wasn't it?
Last month was a blur.
Last month was very cold.
Last month was very rainy.
Last month we went to Boston.
Last month we went to Manila.
Last month's chip in Yanni's windshield is now a huge crack.
Last month's gas bill was really high.
Last month, Brazil's Congress passed a law increasing the punishment for abuse of cats and dogs.
Last month, I visited a friend in Australia.
Last month, Japanese firm SkyDrive showed its eight-propeller, manned compact vehicle flying around a test field.
Last month, Tom said that he was planning to retire.
Last month, Tom went to Australia.
Last month, Tom went to Australia. The month before that, he went to New Zealand.
Last month, a 10-member team of Nepali climbers made history when they became the first to conquer K2 in winter.
Last month, a department store was built in the town nextdoor.
Last month, he was going to Poland.
Last month, he went to Algeria.
Last month, he went to Brazil.
Last month, he went to Germany.
Last month, he went to Hungary.
Last month, he went to Italy.
Last month, he went to Mexico.
Last month, he went to Poland.
Last month, he went to Portugal.
Last month, he went to Spain.
Last month, he went to Turkey.
Last month, he went to the United States.
Last month, just as the border closures started, asparagus farmers from Brandenburg chartered a flight to fly in 190 Romanians. That number is a fraction of the 5,000 workers Brandenburg farmers need.
Last month, my family and I moved to Australia.
Last month, my family and I moved to Boston.
Last month, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced its first recovery of looted cultural property from Iraq: 8 ancient Babylonian seals, 4,000 to 5,000 years old.
Last month, the head of South Korea’s Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF), Kim Young-suk, told local broadcaster KBS the salvage may not be completed this year “in a worst-case scenario.”
Last month, they demolished the old building across the street from my house.
Last month, they had to lay off several hundred employees in the factory.
Last month, we collected five liters of rainwater.
Last names aren't used among friends.
Last night I arrived late.
Last night I barfed.
Last night I began to nod off in front of the TV.
Last night I blew chunks.
Last night I chundered.
Last night I could not do my homework on account of a long blackout.
Last night I did not feel like going out and I stayed home watching a movie.
Last night I did not get a wink of sleep.
Last night I dreamed of you.
Last night I dreamt I was eating bees.
Last night I dreamt of sex.
Last night I dreamt of you.
Last night I dreamt that I was at my graduation and I was wearing pyjamas and slippers.
Last night I fell asleep quickly.
Last night I fell asleep with television on.
Last night I fell asleep with the television on.
Last night I finished reading "The Magic Mountain".
Last night I finished reading The Magic Mountain.
Last night I had a discussion with her.
Last night I had a good sleep, and I was very happy.
Last night I had a strange dream.
Last night I had a weird dream.
Last night I happened upon an old journal I kept as a teenager.
Last night I heard a cricket chirping in the garden. Autumn is approaching, isn't it?
Last night I hurled.
Last night I listened to some CDs.
Last night I lost my cookies.
Last night I lost my lunch.
Last night I prayed to the porcelain god.
Last night I puked.
Last night I ralphed.
Last night I read a book.
Last night I saw Pulp Fiction.
Last night I saw a very interesting movie about World War II.
Last night I saw the match.
Last night I stayed home to be able to receive your call.
Last night I stayed home to be able to receive your phone call.
Last night I stayed home waiting for your call.
Last night I stopped in front of a used bookstore, before I got home, and found a book that I'd been looking for for a long time.
Last night I threw up.
Last night I tossed my cookies.
Last night I was at home.
Last night I was at my grandma's.
Last night I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
Last night I was dead drunk and fell asleep without having a bath.
Last night I was horribly lonesome all alone in my room and wished so much you were with me.
Last night I was listening to the radio.
Last night I was too tired to cook a proper meal, so I just ate instant noodles.
Last night I went out to dinner with my friends.
Last night I went out to dinner with my girlfriend.
Last night I went to a very cool Japanese restaurant.
Last night I went to bed late after writing a letter.
Last night I went to bed later than usual.
Last night I went to the stadium.
Last night I woofed my cookies.
Last night I wrote a letter.
Last night I wrote three letters.
Last night Mary met John here and said that her brother would meet you here this afternoon.
Last night Mizuki, very drunk, fell into the water while walking along the lakeside.
Last night Mr A called me up to say he could not attend today's meeting.
Last night Mr A called me up to say he could not attend today’s meeting.
Last night Takashi came to me in a dream.
Last night Tom dreamt he had been employed in the Devil's workshop.
Last night a fire broke out in my neighborhood, and an old woman was burnt to death.
Last night a fire broke out in the house next door.
Last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory.
Last night he came to the party with Jane.
Last night he saw an unidentified flying object in the sky.
Last night he went to sleep at 11 o' clock.
Last night his father passed away because of his illness.
Last night it was Yumi who pushed for sex.
Last night it was fairly warm, and I couldn't sleep.
Last night it was so hot that I couldn't sleep well.
Last night it was so hot that I couldn’t sleep well.
Last night it was very muggy, which meant that I couldn't sleep well.
Last night mosquitoes bit all over me. I'm full of bites.
Last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one.
Last night my daughter didn’t come home until half past one.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
Last night my husband was working late.
Last night provided a good opportunity to see a meteor shower.
Last night saw a fire in my neighborhood.
Last night someone broke into the small shop near my house.
Last night the young lady's libertine activities hurt the front wall of her vagina.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighborhood.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood.
Last night there was a fire and I couldn't sleep.
Last night there was a fire in the neighborhood.
Last night there was a fire near here, and I couldn't sleep.
Last night there was a fire near here, and I couldn’t sleep.
Last night there was a full moon.
Last night there was a storm.
Last night there was still snow on the ground, but this morning it's all melted.
Last night was a disaster.
Last night was a mistake.
Last night was a success.
Last night was amazing.
Last night was exceptionally cold.
Last night was fun.
Last night was great, wasn't it?
Last night was nice.
Last night was particularly bad.
Last night was particularly hot.
Last night was quite warm, and I couldn't sleep.
Last night was really awesome.
Last night was the best.
Last night was unusually cold.
Last night was very cold.
Last night was very hot and muggy and I didn't sleep very well.
Last night was very hot and muggy and I didn’t sleep very well.
Last night was very hot and muggy and it was difficult to sleep.
Last night was very hot and muggy, so I didn't sleep so well.
Last night was very hot and muggy, so I didn’t sleep so well.
Last night was very muggy, which meant that I couldn't sleep well.
Last night was wonderful.
Last night wasn't very cold.
Last night wasn't very warm.
Last night we ate homemade garlic bread.
Last night we barbecued beefsteak and vegetables.
Last night we enjoyed talking over our high school days.
Last night we were stargazing on the roof.
Last night we worked until 10 p.m.
Last night went great.
Last night you forgot to turn off the radio, didn't you?
Last night you forgot to turn off the radio, didn’t you?
Last night you were talking in your sleep.
Last night you were talking to someone at the party.
Last night's concert was disappointing.
Last night's concert was one of the best concerts I've ever been to.
Last night's earthquake was very strong.
Last night's game was exciting.
Last night's storm left a mess in Boston.
Last night's storm washed out the road.
Last night, Carlos had to work late to meet a deadline.
Last night, I ate jackfruit in yellow-white coconut milk with rice for dinner. After 7 in the morning, today the 26th of November of 2024, I ate a corn dog and drank a mug of hot lemon water. Before 8, I walked around and around the neighbourhood cul-de-sac. It was a grey sky. There is a house there with a front door decorated with gold-on-red "lucky" logograms. There are still pumpkins, a gigantic one and a mini one, in the front yard. A castle-like house stands in the corner. When I returned home, I opened my delivered parcel of a grey-green stone Godzilla. How wonderful it looks! On my mind now, Latinate artificial languages may have advantages over those that are not Latinate. I am thinking of Esperanto and Interlingua. Even natural languages like Tagalog and Japanese are full of international Latinate terms. (In Japanese, they are written in Katakana glyphs. It is fun to read a Japanese menu full of French and Italian food names written in Katakana. And I find it easier to read Japanese books in the sci-fi genre, because they are full of Katakana words derived from English and other languages. (Japanese is a cosmopolitan language.)) I am also thinking that a Latinate language with a blend of the indigenous may be fun and fascinating, as in the case of Philippine Creole Spanish (Chavacano (Chabacano)).
Last night, I ate some asparagus and ham at my friend's house.
Last night, I barely made the last train.
Last night, I didn't sleep at all.
Last night, I didn't sleep.
Last night, I dreamed about Tom.
Last night, I dreamed about you.
Last night, I fell asleep while talking with Mary on the phone.
Last night, I fell into a panic.
Last night, I got a call out of the blue from Tom.
Last night, I had a good sleep.
Last night, I had strange dreams.
Last night, I heard dogs howling.
Last night, I heard you talking in your sleep.
Last night, I indulged in reading the book he lent me.
Last night, I listened to radio.
Last night, I read a book.
Last night, I recorded all the sounds I made while I was sleeping.
Last night, I saw something.
Last night, I saw the floating head outside the window.
Last night, I stayed home waiting for you to call.
Last night, I was so stuffed at the restaurant.
Last night, I was so tired that I fell asleep with the TV on.
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
Last night, I went to see a movie.
Last night, I went to sleep in London.
Last night, I went to sleep with the lights on.
Last night, Mary said she might retire.
Last night, Mizuki was completely drunk and she was walking along the lake, and then she fell in the water.
Last night, Mr. A called me up to say he couldn't attend today's meeting.
Last night, Mr. A called me up to say he couldn’t attend today’s meeting.
Last night, Tom and I had the same dream.
Last night, Tom cooked dinner for us.
Last night, Tom cooked dinner.
Last night, Tom dreamed about Mary, and she dreamed about him.
Last night, Tom passed away in the hospital.
Last night, Tom read the book Mary gave him.
Last night, Tom read the book that Mary gave him.
Last night, Tom said he might retire.
Last night, Tom said that he might retire.
Last night, Tom went to bed before midnight.
Last night, Tom went to sleep before midnight.
Last night, about two in the morning, I was aroused by a stealthy step passing my room.
Last night, he asked if you were well.
Last night, he saw a UFO in the sky.
Last night, he studied all night long.
Last night, he told me everything.
Last night, his grandfather passed away in the hospital.
Last night, it snowed a lot.
Last night, me and Tom dreamt the same dream.
Last night, my graphics card kicked the bucket.
Last night, my wife and I went to a friend's house for dinner.
Last night, my wife and I went to a friend’s house for dinner.
Last night, she told me everything.
Last night, the temperature went down to ten degrees below zero.
Last night, there was a fire in the supermarket.
Last night, there was thunder and lightning.
Last night, we attended a classical music concert.
Last night, we celebrated a friend's birthday with cases of Champagne, we ended up completely wasted.
Last night, we had to call the police.
Last night, we heard sounds of gunshots and screaming on the street outside our window.
Last night, we looked at the stars from the rooftop.
Last night, we saw a touching film at the movies.
Last night, we watched television together.
Last night, we watched the stars from the rooftop.
Last night, we went to the theater.
Last night, you appeared in my dreams.
Last night’s concert was disappointing.
Last one in is a rotten egg.
Last one out is a rotten egg.
Last season he scored 30 goals.
Last stop!
Last summer I had a chance to visit London.
Last summer I started to work in a shopping center.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
Last summer was awful.
Last summer was very hot.
Last summer we went to Boston.
Last summer we went to Hokkaido.
Last summer's camping trip was especially memorable for Matthew, as he saw a shooting star for the first time.
Last summer's sky was invariably grey.
Last summer, I always took a walk in the morning.
Last summer, I finally left the firm that I had joined twelve years before.
Last summer, I had a chance to go to Australia, but I didn't go.
Last summer, I had a chance to go to Boston, but I didn't go.
Last summer, I had the chance to visit London.
Last summer, I moved from Australia to New Zealand.
Last summer, I moved from Boston to Chicago.
Last summer, I moved to Australia from New Zealand.
Last summer, I moved to Boston from Chicago.
Last summer, I spent three weeks in Australia.
Last summer, I spent three weeks in Boston.
Last summer, I wasn't able to swim as often as I wanted to.
Last summer, I went to Australia instead of New Zealand.
Last summer, I went to Australia.
Last summer, I went to Boston instead of Chicago.
Last summer, I worked at that crappy multiplex up by 175th and Mission Street.
Last summer, I worked part time on a farm.
Last summer, I worked part time on the farm.
Last summer, Matthew and his family went on a camping trip and they rented some gear from a local outfitter to try out new equipment.
Last summer, Matthew invested in some new camping gear, including a high-quality tent and sleeping bag.
Last summer, Matthew went camping in Chrea with his family.
Last summer, Matthew went on a camping trip with his family.
Last summer, Tom went to Boston and Mary went to Chicago.
Last summer, a wasp stung me and I had to go to the emergency room.
Last summer, cigarettes from the middle price segment appeared on the market.
Last summer, one of those sick sociopathic terrorists started harassing Berber-language activist Hamid Oubagha online.
Last summer, the weather was awful.
Last summer, we went to Australia.
Last summer, we went to Boston.
Last summer, we went to Disneyland.
Last time I couldn't carry my baby to full term.
Last time I couldn’t carry my baby to full term.
Last time I counted, I estimated that I know around 2500 Chinese characters.
Last time I had a breech delivery.
Last time I saw Tom, he was married and had brown hair. Now he's a blond five-year-old, and I'm just confused on how that could ever happen.
Last time I saw Tom, he was pale and skinny.
Last time I sent out my humble work, the afterword to "left-right", written on the promise that you'd keep it secret from him, this time it's the afterword to that afterword.
Last time I sent out my humble work, the afterword to "left-right", written on the promise that you’d keep it secret from him, this time it’s the afterword to that afterword.
Last time I went to a Lady Gaga concert, although she finished all her songs, many members of the audience were not satisfied.
Last time he told me he'd lend me that book the next day.
Last time it was a natural childbirth.
Last time, I watched an amazing film.
Last week I ate pizza every day.
Last week I gained another five pounds.
Last week I gained back five pounds.
Last week I had a conversation with one of my students in Brazil.
Last week I met up with Tom.
Last week I quickly read four books in my room.
Last week I read a very interesting book.
Last week I saw a German movie.
Last week I underwent LASIK, an eye operation to fix my vision.
Last week I was at the beach, but today I'm home.
Last week I was in Boston with my wife.
Last week I was treated to dinner by my friend who'd won at pachinko. It was all-you-can-eat so I ate to my heart's content.
Last week I was treated to dinner by my friend who’d won at pachinko. It was all-you-can-eat so I ate to my heart’s content.
Last week I went on Saturday, I mean, Sunday.
Last week a lot of appointments kept me busy.
Last week a very powerful earthquake occurred in South America.
Last week five students were absent from class.
Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream.
Last week he saw an old friend whom he hadn't seen in years.
Last week marked the seventh anniversary of the Supreme Court's landmark ruling that legalized same-sex marriage across America, overriding bans in more than a dozen states and granting gay and lesbian wedded couples the same rights and legal protections that married heterosexuals enjoy.
Last week my grandmother turned 81 years old.
Last week my mother came down with the flu.
Last week my uncle loaned me ten dollars, and as of today I haven't paid it back.
Last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter.
Last week the Western Growers Association announced it is developing a new food-safety plan. The plan will include measures such as improved water and soil testing.
Last week the kids ate so many carrots that they turned yellow.
Last week the powerful Keidanren called on Tokyo to lift the ban.
Last week there were people out on the beach.
Last week was cold.
Last week was cool.
Last week was hot.
Last week we took note of a demographic milestone, as the estimated U.S. population zipped past 300 million, just 39 years after hitting the 200 million mark.
Last week we worked day and night, that needs a change!
Last week we worked day and night.
Last week we worked until 10 p.m.
Last week's discussion wasn't very productive.
Last week's financial upheaval hit Wall Street, the nation and the world pretty hard, but many people in New York kept their tough, impervious, can-do attitude alive and well.
Last week's meeting was the longest we have had this year.
Last week's snow was limited to a very small area.
Last week's storm damaged many trees in our neighborhood.
Last week, Guterres renewed his call for the world to stop “sleepwalking” and urgently address climate change challenges.
Last week, I didn't do that as much as I usually do.
Last week, I mailed him some souvenirs from the U.S.
Last week, I walked to work every day.
Last week, I was cleaning the yard.
Last week, I was in Australia with my wife.
Last week, I went rock climbing with Tom.
Last week, Italian police arrested Sicily's coronavirus coordinator and nine other health care officials on charges of taking bribes to direct medical equipment and service contracts to companies connected to the mafia.
Last week, Sarah and I went to the car boot sale.
Last week, Tom and I went rock climbing.
Last week, Tom meant so much to me; now I hate him.
Last week, Tom told me that he'd never been to Australia.
Last week, a meteorite lit up the Madrid night sky as if it were day.
Last week, after spending $59 million, French authorities opened an exact replica, called Pont d'Arc Cavern.
Last week, he made his first public appearance at a news conference in the capital and confessed to slandering and conspiring to subvert the state.
Last week, police swept up 20 clan members in dawn raids across the capital using intelligence given to them from ex-wives of clansmen who turned fully cooperating informants.
Last week, the group released 29 new varieties of broccoli, celery, kale, quinoa and other vegetables and grains.
Last week, the supermarket near my house closed.
Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.
Last week, we did OK.
Last week, we discussed one problem for medical journals: the question of authorship. You would think that all the scientists who took part in a research study would be listed as authors. But that is not always the case. Sometimes there are honorary authors and ghost authors. Honorary authors, also called guest authors, receive credit in a published study but had little to do with designing it or writing the article. Ghost authors work on studies but are not credited. Sometimes they are paid by drug companies to place articles in journals to support the company's products.
Last weekend I went for a picnic in the mountains.
Last weekend was boring for me.
Last weekend, I visited a friend in Boston.
Last weekend, Mark took his goat to a local fair to show it off.
Last weekend, Matthew and his friends went on a camping trip and they all shared their gear to make sure everyone was comfortable and had what they needed.
Last weekend, we went to the beach for a swim.
Last week’s meeting was the longest we have had this year.
Last week’s private meeting between Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan generated a media frenzy, but no clear-cut answers.
Last week’s snow was limited to a very small area.
Last winter I went to Canada to ski.
Last winter his grandfather gave him a sled.
Last winter was hard.
Last winter was mild.
Last winter was really dry.
Last winter was very cold.
Last winter was very hard.
Last winter was very mild.
Last winter, I had a chance to do that.
Last winter, I went skiing in Canada.
Last winter, I went to Canada to ski.
Last winter, it snowed a lot.
Last winter, it was so cold that water froze in the wells.
Last winter, my neighbour hit a deer with his car.
Last year 240,000 enrolled on various tertiary courses, up from 180,000 in 2008.
Last year April was the warmest month.
Last year I bought a ladder.
Last year I had a hyperventilation situation and my CO2-oxygen balance is still wiggly today. It happens not once, not twice, but many times that I'm breathing consciously, and the risk is still there that this can happen again, because I'm an awfully stressful person.
Last year I had five cars.
Last year I listened to radio.
Last year I met a pretty Swedish dancer.
Last year I read a hundred books.
Last year I read more than five hundred books.
Last year I read two hundred books.
Last year I returned home and was surprised to find both the village and the people completely changed.
Last year I stayed at your hotel from July 4th through 12th and from July 30th through August 5th.
Last year I suffered from an inflammation of my middle ear.
Last year I was a TA for calculus.
Last year I was in Boston.
Last year I was in Paris for the first time.
Last year I watched no less than fifty films.
Last year I went to Antalya.
Last year I went to Belgium and Israel.
Last year I went to Boston.
Last year I worked in a hotel.
Last year I worked there for a month, but I resigned.
Last year Tom spent five days in jail, after having pleaded guilty to drunken driving.
Last year doctors urged parents of newborns to have them vaccinated against whooping cough.
Last year in Nagoya I ate a very delicious dish called "Shoujin Ryouri".
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,000 people.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6000 people.
Last year in the spring I attended a cooking class and learned how to bake bread.
Last year in the summer I worked part-time on a farm.
Last year is gone already.
Last year my income was about five million yen.
Last year saw a big political change in Japan.
Last year she left Japan.
Last year the Department issued over twenty-five hundred documents of all kinds, in editions aggregating nearly one hundred million copies.
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in 60 years.
Last year the student got to know this woman.
Last year there was a lot of snow.
Last year there was an incident with a security guard who shot a stray bullet inside a toilet.
Last year they built a summer house.
Last year was a good one.
Last year was a good year.
Last year was a period of economic uncertainty.
Last year was a pretty good year.
Last year was a pretty tough year for us.
Last year was quite successful.
Last year was the first time I ever did that.
Last year was the first time I went to Geneva.
Last year was the hottest year ever recorded.
Last year was the hottest year on record.
Last year was the hottest year since records began.
Last year was torture.
Last year we camped two times.
Last year we had a hummingbird nest in our backyard.
Last year we went on a trip around the world.
Last year when I was in the United States, I had almost no opportunity to speak Japanese.
Last year's Miss Universe winner is very tall.
Last year's concert was really fun.
Last year's growth of income was 5% after inflation.
Last year's midterm elections in the United States saw a record 117 women elected to Congress.
Last year's output of coal fell short of the standard.
Last year's pop hit was set off by a serial TV drama.
Last year, Carlos adopted a cat from a local shelter.
Last year, Carlos joined a community theater group and performed in a play.
Last year, Carlos participated in a charity walk for cancer research.
Last year, Carlos participated in a triathlon for the first time.
Last year, Carlos started a blog about his travels.
Last year, Carlos started a book club with his friends.
Last year, Carlos took a cooking class and learned how to make sushi.
Last year, Carlos took a dance class and learned the tango.
Last year, Carlos took a photography course and learned how to develop his own film.
Last year, Carlos traveled to Algeria for the first time.
Last year, Carlos visited his grandparents who live overseas.
Last year, Carlos volunteered at a local animal shelter.
Last year, Carlos went on a backpacking trip through Algeria.
Last year, Carlos went on a camping trip in the desert.
Last year, Carlos went on a road trip across Algeria.
Last year, Carlos went on a skiing trip in the mountains.
Last year, I couldn't do that, but I can now.
Last year, I couldn't spend as much time with my children as I wanted to.
Last year, I couldn’t spend as much time with my children as I wanted to.
Last year, I decided to come to Japan.
Last year, I fixed your computer.
Last year, I had a stroke.
Last year, I read more than fifty books.
Last year, I read more than thirty books.
Last year, I sat for the Level N3 Japanese Language Proficiency Test examination.
Last year, I saw at least fifty films.
Last year, I saw at least fifty movies.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others.
Last year, I traveled abroad with a friend.
Last year, I traveled overseas with some friends.
Last year, I traveled to Japan.
Last year, I visited Dubrovnik.
Last year, I was a fresher.
Last year, I was in Australia.
Last year, I wasn't able to do that as much as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to do that as often as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to play tennis as often as I wanted to.
Last year, I went to Paris for the first time.
Last year, Matthew upgraded his camping gear by purchasing a new sleeping pad that provides extra comfort and insulation.
Last year, NASA revealed its concepts for the rocketships that will carry people and cargo to the moon late in the next decade. This year's activities build on that, according to the agency official in charge of the moon exploration program, former astronaut Scott Horowitz.
Last year, Robert aced his final exams.
Last year, Seed Savers Exchange donated two hundred seventy-one heirloom seed varieties to the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, far above Norway. The vault opened in February of two thousand eight. Since then, the exchange has stored one thousand six hundred sixty open-pollinated heirloom seed varieties in the storage center.
Last year, TikTok was only second to WhatsApp in downloads from Apple and Google.
Last year, Tom and Mary had pretty good jobs.
Last year, Tom had a pretty good job.
Last year, Tom wasn't as fat as Mary, but now he's fatter than she is.
Last year, Trump announced his intention to withdraw the United States from the 2015 Paris Agreement, which had been signed by nearly 200 nations to combat climate change.
Last year, Trump was criticized for declaring a national emergency in order to divert military funds to finance construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
Last year, U.S. President Donald Trump was at the Bastille Day parade here in a visit that forged a personal bond with his French counterpart, Emmanuel Macron.
Last year, Ziri had some forty pounds of fruit off this medlar tree.
Last year, a U.N. report predicted growing antimicrobial resistance could cause 10 million deaths each year by 2050 and trigger a financial crisis.
Last year, a fake news story about a Washington pizza restaurant went viral, causing a gunman to open fire at the business.
Last year, a tenant was evicted from the building next door.
Last year, after a hot weekend like this one, I found twelve towels on the beach in the morning, but this year there was just one.
Last year, he earned $5,200 taking people up Rainbow Mountain by horse.
Last year, he failed two of his final examinations.
Last year, he had long hair.
Last year, he read a lot of books.
Last year, he spent three months at sea.
Last year, he was at sea for three months.
Last year, incomes rose for all races, all age groups, for men and for women.
Last year, it snowed a lot.
Last year, more than 26,000 people attended the D.C. Environmental Film Festival during its two-week run, taking in not just the movies but also lectures by renowned scientists and discussions with filmmakers. With rising public concerns about climate change and the environment, festival planners are hoping for an even bigger turnout this year.
Last year, my brother was late for school every day.
Last year, my dad passed away.
Last year, my father passed away.
Last year, nearly 350,000 measles cases were reported globally, more than double that of 2017.
Last year, poverty in this country fell at the fastest rate in nearly 50 years.
Last year, the COVID pandemic saw Turkey canceling one of the world's oldest sporting events: the centuries-old Kirkpinar oil wrestling tournament.
Last year, the biggest selling LP in Britain was Ed Sheeran’s “Divide” album.
Last year, the company was sold to private investors.
Last year, the whole company traveled to Italy for business.
Last year, the young woman twisted her ankle getting off the train.
Last year, there was a bad harvest.
Last year, there was a lot of snow.
Last year, there was frequent snowfall.
Last year, there was much snow.
Last year, there were more births than deaths.
Last year, this item could've been produced at a competitive price, but that's no longer possible now.
Last year, we came to Phoenix.
Last year, we had frequent disasters.
Last year, we lent you one million euros to buy machines.
Last year, we managed to reduce unemployment by 10%.
Last year, we said he'd do this. He said that was a lie, and you listened to him. Now he's doing this and you're saying, "Oh well, it's what the people wanted." Then why did he deny it?
Last year, we told Russia about a planned attack in St. Petersburg, and they were able to stop it cold.
Last year, we traveled to London.
Last year, we went cycling in Denmark.
Last year’s Copenhagen Accord calls on developed countries to provide (US) $100-billion for climate change adaptation and mitigation for developing countries by 2020.
Last year’s champion was expected to win Wimbledon.
Last year’s growth of income was 5% after inflation.
Last year’s output of coal fell short of the standard.
Last year’s pop hit was set off by a serial TV drama.
Lastly, Boissiere said, not enough students seek out help.
Lastly, cook on low heat for thirty minutes and it's done.
Lastly, is there anything else to share with the group?
Lastly, she went to America.
Lastly, she went to the United States.
Late at night on the 23rd of July of 2022, Simar the young pizza vendor said that he was born in 2002. "Born in the 21st century!" I exclaimed. He kept enquiring why I didn't have a girlfriend or why I didn't get married. I explained that I liked being like a "Buddhist monk." I liked my freedom and independence. I didn't believe in bringing children into this world of dissatisfaction. I said that some people wanted children as a kind of "fake" immortality. Personality forms from both genes and environment, so even a clone brother would eventually have a different personality. Simar said that in the eastern part India, there were many Buddhists. I said that I knew a bit of Indian history, in that at one time, India was mostly Buddhist, but later, Hinduism reabsorbed Buddhism, and Hinduism became dominant once again. Simar was interested that I had been a software engineer in three different countries. Simar never tried the fruit durian, which I explained had a controversial odour, but was a luxury fruit of buttery texture to Orientals.
Late at night they left to get some sleep.
Late at night, I get very hungry.
Late at night, farmers always answer the door with a loaded shotgun.
Late autumn in Scotland is rather cold.
Late in March 1841, his cold turned into pneumonia.
Late in life the miser learned to be generous with money.
Late in the autumn, when the weather was rough, windy, and wet, and the cold penetrated through the thickest clothing, especially at sea, a wretched boat went out to sea with only two men on board.
Late in the evening we found our way to the foot of the mountain at last.
Late in the evening, someone knocked on the city gate.
Late last month, 135 civil society organizations urged the government to ensure that microfinance institutions immediately suspend all loan repayments and interest accrual for at least three months.
Late nights studying turned into sweet victories.
Late people make me supernervous.
Late-comers were not admitted.
Late-stage dementia sufferers whose first language isn't English often revert back to their native language as their condition worsens.
Latecomers are subject to a penalty.
Latecomers need to drink a shot of vodka.
Latecomers weren't admitted to the show.
Latecomers weren’t admitted to the show.
Lately I can't seem to be able to stop drawing stoats.
Lately I don't get along with my parents.
Lately I read the book that changed my insight into many things.
Lately I see a lot of parents getting divorced. I wonder if the idea of kids being a bond between their parents is just a thing of the past.
Lately I try for health reasons to go to bed early and to wake up early.
Lately I've been finding everything boring.
Lately I've been having trouble with my memory.
Lately I've been obsessed with milk tea.
Lately I've been sleeping at night, from like 1 or 2 to 9 or so.
Lately I've been waking up late for me, at around nine in the morning.
Lately I've been waking up tired and disappointed.
Lately I've been working day and night.
Lately I've had the feeling there has been someone following me constantly.
Lately I've had the time to quietly enjoy the wonders of nature.
Lately I’ve been sleeping at night. From like 1 or 2 to 9 or so.
Lately I’ve had the time to quietly enjoy the wonders of nature.
Lately Tom has seemed willing to believe just about anything.
Lately Tom hasn't been paying me any attention.
Lately everyone seems happy.
Lately he's been rebelling against his parents.
Lately he's doing well, but he's a bit moody.
Lately high school girls are using their cell phones to exchange e-mail.
Lately it had been raining a lot.
Lately it has been raining heavily in the capital.
Lately it seems that no matter how much I sleep, I stay tired. I wonder if I've come down with something strange.
Lately it seems that no matter how much I sleep, I stay tired. I wonder if I’ve come down with something strange.
Lately it's not so fashionable to measure success by how far you climb up the corporate ladder.
Lately it’s not so fashionable to measure success by how far you climb up the corporate ladder.
Lately that student has been disruptive in class. Honestly it's beginning to worry me.
Lately the discount airline ticket system has gotten so complicated that there's a lot about it I can't figure out.
Lately the discount airline ticket system has gotten so complicated that there’s a lot about it I can’t figure out.
Lately there are many illegal online gambling sites appearing in Indonesia.
Lately there have been constant dance rehearsals; Performances will be on Friday and Saturday.
Lately we've been chatting every evening on the Internet. And on top of that, we discuss very late into the night, until we're out of breath.
Lately you just talk nonsense.
Lately you see more young couples making out at the train station ticket gates acting as though nobody in the world existed.
Lately, I have been busy so I have not studied at all.
Lately, I haven't been able to see him, we just pass by each other.
Lately, I haven't been in the mood to watch any films.
Lately, I often have the heater turn on thirty minutes before I wake up.
Lately, I'm the subject of all conversations.
Lately, I've been feeling very demotivated as an artist.
Lately, I've been growing a pot belly. It must be middle age...
Lately, I've been letting my English go. It seems I'll never improve at it, no matter how many years I study.
Lately, I’ve been letting my English go. It seems I’ll never improve at it, no matter how many years I study.
Lately, Sami has been acting a little strange.
Lately, Tom always seems to be in a bad mood.
Lately, a lot has happened on the island.
Lately, he reproaches me.
Lately, he's achieved some pretty good results.
Lately, he's picked himself up a bit.
Lately, my aunt has even been flogging her furniture off to bring some money in.
Lately, my laptop keeps getting errors and I don't know the cause.
Lately, my younger sister has been obsessed with puzzle games.
Lately, no matter how much I sleep, it's not enough.
Lately, nostalgia has been a common topic.
Lately, prices have gone up, so I'm unsure whether to buy again.
Lately, we see crows everywhere.
Lately, we've entered the dog days of summer.
Lateness is frowned upon.
Later Chris felt ashamed and apologized, and Beth forgave him.
Later I want to study small rural businesses to help create more opportunities for them to influence world trade.
Later I'll go to the movies with my friend.
Later he wrote to the president.
Later in the evening, Inter managed to win the home game against Torino victoriously: 3-2.
Later in the morning, before 10, I returned to Tim Hortons. I walked as I usually did. At a corner of a long table with a graphic of an ice hockey rink, I was eating an Herb and Garlic Pastry whilst drinking a Specialty Chai Tea with Oat Milk. Pushpak the South Asian vendor was there, then. I saw my friend Leo the Filipino with a big bag of groceries for "two weeks' worth." He said that he still ate Filipino-style, despite being here in "the Great White North." There was a dark-haired technical man with a strange Euro-like accent using a sophisticated ultramodern rotating black camera on a tripod for taking "measurements for insurance." He mentioned the word "lighter." At home, I listened to music from a radio app on my tablet: Happy '70s, '80s & '90s Pop Rock, House: Deep to Future, Baroque, Zouk Hits, and Southeast Asia Psychedelics. I was earlier today making contributions to articles in the Tagalog Wikipedia. It was the 23rd of January of 2025.
Later on I do a little exercise.
Later on, others arrived.
Later on, the Chisos Indians lived here, as did the Comanche and Jumano people, and other native groups. Spanish explorers began to arrive in the area in the 1500s. They were searching for gold and fertile land. They described this land as “despoblado,” or “uninhabited.”
Later people will look upon us of the present just as we of the present look upon those in the past.
Later that morning, at the station, a sign in bold letters caught his eye.
Later that night, Tom died.
Later that night, Tom told Mary what had happened.
Later that night, the shepherd herded his sheep and went to bed.
Later the personal guards of kings were called satellites.
Later the same day, we all got arrested.
Later this year, Tom and Mary will get married.
Later you will have a happy hour with your work colleagues.
Later, Chris felt ashamed and apologized and Beth forgave him.
Later, I found out his real name was Tom.
Later, I sold them and I was able to buy R. Burton's Historical Collections.
Later, I'll tell you everything.
Later, Mohammed said, buyers come from a neighboring province to collect that pasty substance, which will be refined into heroin.
Later, Tom turned out to be right.
Later, Ziri recovered.
Later, another change lowered the voting age for Americans from twenty-one to eighteen.
Later, he talks to the youth of Tanzania who played a greater role in the election, regardless of their political inclinations.
Later, his shop becomes a club with young dancers.
Later, however, his mood had improved visibly.
Later, however, his mood visibly improved.
Later, in high school, I would take chemistry the way I took vitamin pills.
Later, in his hotel room, he thought of her, and how she would probably meet him tomorrow.
Later, it happened that there was some gossip at home, and my mother suspected that she had written something improper; after that she would not have her letters written for her.
Later, it turned out that Tom had been right.
Later, more people were killed.
Later, others also arrived.
Later, others came.
Later, please.
Later, she feeds the ducks.
Later, she put the stone onto a shelf.
Later, she wished she hadn't done it.
Later, the nurse told me she had done her best to make me well.
Later, they were murdered stealthily.
Later, those from many other countries flocked to the United States because they were attracted by reports of great economic opportunities and religious and political freedom.
Later, we'll visit the aquatic park.
Later, when they had left, there wasn't a single living soul to be seen on the quay. The town, with its cypress trees, seemed completely deserted; only the sea continued to roar and crash against the shore.
Later, while a diplomat, he published an uncannily accurate map of the Gulf Stream, which resulted in far more efficient international shipping and trade.
Later.
Latest census data shows that the total population of the country is slightly above 7 million people.
Latex is a natural ingredient that comes from rubber trees.
Latex is used to make many products such as gloves, swim caps, condoms or balloons.
Latin America is one of the world's most unequal regions.
Latin America isn't an endless communist jungle.
Latin American novels are characterized by their contrasts.
Latin American soccer teams perform quite well, especially vis-à-vis teams from Asia.
Latin Americans are tired of seeing their countries serve as America's backyard.
Latin Americans don't believe Western media.
Latin Americans don't need the US in their countries. Africans don't need the US on their land. Asians don't need the US in Asia. Just leave and leave the world alone! We all can take care of ourselves without your military bases, bombs, and terror groups sponsored by you or your client regimes!
Latin Americans hate US imperialism.
Latin Americans have never been treated as blond-haired "human beings" with blue eyes by the West.
Latin Americans know very little about the history of the indigenous peoples who used to live here several centuries ago.
Latin and Greek have been significant sources of borrowings for European languages.
Latin is a dead language.
Latin is a highly inflected language.
Latin is a perfect language.
Latin is a perpetual language.
Latin is a special language. A Latin sentence can admit several translations, or expressions, of its meaning.
Latin is an Indo-European language.
Latin is an eternal language.
Latin is not as difficult as Greek.
Latin is not at all easy to learn.
Latin is not hard.
Latin is one of the few languages that requires a good knowledge of grammar.
Latin is still alive.
Latin is the language of the future!
Latin isn't dead. It's just evolved.
Latin isn't dead; it lives on in the Romance languages.
Latin poetry used quantitative verse during the life of the language.
Latin proves that death does not exist.
Latin was formerly a lingua franca.
Latin was more strictly pro-drop than any of its descendants.
Latin was offered as an optional subject to only a few pupils at our secondary school.
Latin was the language of European academia.
Latin was the language of religion and culture.
Latin was written without spaces between the letters, and entirely in uppercase.
Latin word order is free, but not arbitrary.
Latin, Greek, Persian, and Sanskrit descended from a common ancestor.
Latino Americans know very few things about the indigenous people's history who lived here a few centuries ago.
Latinos can't promote themselves gracefully, kowtowing to others!
Latium was a region of ancient Italy.
Latvia also joined the eurozone in 2014 and the OECD in 2016.
Latvia has kicked off the new year by becoming a member of the Eurozone, and will thus be the eighteenth member of the zone.
Latvia is called "Latvija" in Latvian.
Latvia reestablished its independence in 1991 following the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Latvian girls are among the best girls in the world!
Latvian girls are some of the best chicks in the world.
Latvian is a beautiful language that naturally gives off music.
Latvian is a very interesting language. The spelling is unusual and some words are long, but it has a nice lilt to it. "Brokastis," for instance, the word for breakfast.
Latvians approved the plan to enter the EU by a wide margin, confounding predictions that the vote was going to be close.
Laugh and be fat.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and you cry alone.
Laugh and the world laughs with you; cry, and you cry alone.
Laugh as much as you like; I'll stick to my plan to the bitter end.
Laugh as much as you like; I’ll stick to my plan to the bitter end.
Laugh as often as you can.
Laugh at yourself once in a while.
Laugh at yourself!
Laugh before breakfast, you'll cry before supper.
Laugh if it makes you laugh! In any case, that boy is amusing.
Laugh if it pleases you!
Laugh if you feel like it!
Laugh if you feel like it! At any rate, that boy is hilarious.
Laugh if you want to laugh!
Laugh if you want to laugh! Anyway, that boy is funny.
Laugh if you want to laugh, I do not care.
Laugh if you want, I do not care.
Laugh is a cure for everything.
Laugh with them.
Laugh!
Laugh, and the world laughs with you. Cry, and you cry alone.
Laugh, and the world laughs with you; cry, and you cry alone.
Laugh, laugh more, we do not care.
Laughable how prostitutes want to be loved by stealing your money.
Laughing and talking, the children climbed the hill.
Laughing is a gymnastics of great value for your health.
Laughing is beneficial, preferable to crying.
Laughing is good for your health!
Laughing is healthy!
Laughing is healthy.
Laughing is his only skill!
Laughing is really good for you.
Laughing is said to be good for both one's mental and physical health.
Laughing is the most effective antidote to bad temper.
Laughing openly, Billy sarcastically praised the foreign student's broken sentences.
Laughing really is good for you.
Laughing triggers the release of endorphins.
Laughing troubles away is characteristic of him.
Laughing without motive is reprehensible.
Laughs best who laughs last.
Laughter abounds in the mouths of fools.
Laughter and tears always go together.
Laughter and tears often go together.
Laughter broke the tension.
Laughter can kill.
Laughter can reduce stress and anxiety.
Laughter can strengthen your immune system.
Laughter filled the room.
Laughter has no foreign accent.
Laughter helps ease the pain.
Laughter is a feature of mankind.
Laughter is a human instinct, and when it comes to instinct, cultural barriers don't exist.
Laughter is a human instinct, and when it comes to instinct, cultural barriers don’t exist.
Laughter is a human trait.
Laughter is a miracle cosmetic.
Laughter is a serious matter.
Laughter is all he knows!
Laughter is better than tears.
Laughter is contagious.
Laughter is essential in a good relationship.
Laughter is good for human health.
Laughter is good for you.
Laughter is good for your health.
Laughter is good, better than tears.
Laughter is infectious.
Laughter is like a windscreen wiper: it can't stop the rain, but it lets you make headway.
Laughter is like a windshield wiper. It can't stop the rain, but it lets you move ahead.
Laughter is more contagious than crying.
Laughter is one of the very privileges of reason, being confined to the human species.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Laughter is the only cure against vanity, and vanity is the only laughable fault.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
Laughter killed him.
Laughter mixed with our surprise.
Laughter prolongs life.
Laughter rang out through the house.
Laughter rippled through the audience.
Laughter triggers the release of endorphins.
Laughter woke Gabor up.
Launched by the city three years ago, the ambitious program mails one high-quality book every month to the family’s doorstep.
Launching a business or product typically involves a lot of planning, preparation and research.
Laundry is a chore.
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
Laura adored him, and he was ready to kiss her shoe-strings.
Laura and Jim love having sex in public places.
Laura and Sarah are sisters of twelve and eight years respectively.
Laura asks everyone the same thing.
Laura danced gracefully.
Laura decided to come out.
Laura eats in the kitchen whenever she's in a hurry.
Laura hasn’t slept.
Laura is Brazillian.
Laura is blamed for at least 11 deaths in Haiti and the Dominican Republic, where it caused flooding Monday evening and knocked out power.
Laura is from Brazil. She is Brazilian.
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
Laura is watching the news on television.
Laura may be a prodigy, but she is known to downplay her failures.
Laura may have been sick.
Laura must have injured her neck, judging by her winces.
Laura must have put sugar twice in my tea by mistake. It's like syrup.
Laura pretended to get closer, only to turn around and run away at the last minute.
Laura rests on her laurels.
Laura turned the spray-nozzle of the hosepipe upon the tin roof and against the side of the house.
Laura was slurping the soup, making some really annoying sounds.
Laura's surprise party is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
Laura, are you a teacher?
Laura’s studying languages.
Laurel leaf tea is said to fight insomnia.
Laurels are vegetables that wither quickly.
Lauren Boebert had sex in front of children.
Lauren Boebert was at a family-friendly movie and gave her boyfriend a hand job. If she had been a gay man, the right would never shut up about it.
Lauren Bularzik, Lindsey’s physical therapist, says the exo robots help to accelerate the rehabilitation process.
Lauren looks as if she's got a headache.
Laurent Weber is the archbishop of Portland.
Laurent is lounging on my couch.
Laurie Essig is a professor and director of gender, sexuality and feminist studies at Middlebury College and the author of “Love, Inc.”
Laurie Marker - founder and executive director of the Cheetah Conservation Fund - with the late Chewbaaka, a cheetah she raised since he was orphaned almost 16 years ago.
Laurie ate the salad.
Laurie broke the glass.
Laurie doesn't like Diet Cola.
Laurie drank some water.
Laurie drank the cola.
Laurie drank the water.
Laurie fell in love with me.
Laurie hates school.
Laurie is a beautiful girl.
Laurie is a girl.
Laurie is a true friend.
Laurie is a very hardworking student.
Laurie is a young girl.
Laurie is beautiful.
Laurie is expressing herself.
Laurie is from Australia.
Laurie is from the UK.
Laurie is going to the United Kingdom for vacation.
Laurie is listening to music.
Laurie is my girlfriend.
Laurie is on the left.
Laurie is on the right.
Laurie is reading a book now.
Laurie is sick.
Laurie is slim.
Laurie is tidying her room.
Laurie is twenty years old.
Laurie is your elder sister.
Laurie knows how to swim.
Laurie lives in Melbourne.
Laurie loves me.
Laurie means a lot to me.
Laurie sat on the chair.
Laurie slept with Emily, her best friend.
Laurie swims well.
Laurie was very kind.
Laurie went to London.
Laurie went to her favourite restaurant to eat.
Laurie will walk to Spain.
Laurie's family is here.
Laurie's family lives in Brisbane.
Laurie's sick.
Laurie's still at school.
Lava hardens.
Lava is dangerous.
Lava lamps are awesome.
Lava spewed from Kilauea since May 3 has covered 13.4 square miles (34.7 sq km) of the island’s surface, destroying more than 700 homes and displacing thousands of residents.
Lavender is my favorite plant.
Lavender is my favourite plant.
Lavender smells very good.
Law I: Every body persists in its state of being at rest or of moving uniformly straight forward, except insofar as it is compelled to change its state by force impressed.
Law II: The alteration of motion is ever proportional to the motive force impressed; and is made in the direction of the right line in which that force is impressed.
Law III: To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction: or the mutual actions of two bodies upon each other are always equal, and directed to contrary parts.
Law and politics are two different things.
Law doesn't protect the fools.
Law is a subject I don't like.
Law is born from despair of human nature.
Law is on my side.
Law is the king of all.
Law is the safest helmet.
Law is yielding: where you desire, there it goes.
Law of Chemical Equilibrium is an expression of the relationship between the concentration of reactants and products of a chemical reaction mixture at equilibrium.
Law of Conservation of Energy is a law that states energy can neither be created nor destroyed, although it may change from one form into another.
Law-abiding citizens don't jaywalk.
Law-abiding citizens have nothing to worry about.
Lawfully judged.
Lawmakers from elsewhere in the nation have also criticized the proposed move, saying it represents a backsliding of democratic progress.
Lawmakers from the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives are scheduled to meet Wednesday in a joint session of Congress to count and certify electoral votes based on the result of the November presidential election.
Lawmakers have fired their new interim prime minister by voting no confidence in his proposed Cabinet, prolonging the struggle to form a government capable of uniting and stabilizing the war-torn nation.
Lawmakers have passed a set of controversial security measures Thursday, amid shouting and catcalling, after a scuffle broke out in parliament earlier in the day.
Lawmakers in most countries around the world have not yet adopted the necessary rules for the use of privacy-invasive technologies by the police.
Lawrence didn't flaunt his wealth.
Lawrence didn’t flaunt his wealth.
Lawrence rests on his laurels.
Lawrence, the younger, had been a delicate youth.
Lawrencium is a chemical element with the symbol Lr.
Laws are always made by the rich against the poor.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
Laws are made to be broken.
Laws are meant to be broken.
Laws are necessary.
Laws are the codified intolerance of the majority.
Laws are there to protect people from themselves.
Laws cannot be constant.
Laws catch flies but let hornets go free.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
Laws do not a nation make, they are but an expression of her character.
Laws have been passed that restrict certain polluting activities.
Laws have been passed to reduce the high levels of pollution in the region.
Laws may not contradict the constitution.
Laws ought to be fair.
Laws should be respected.
Laws to prevent computer crimes were enacted in the USA.
Lawson says the bar’s become so popular with women that he’s had to reserve Thursday and Saturday evenings for bachelorette parties.
Lawyers and auto mechanics are the people I trust the least.
Lawyers and real estate agents are rich or obnoxious.
Lawyers are a bunch of thieves.
Lawyers are all liars.
Lawyers are all the same.
Lawyers are bad Christians.
Lawyers are well paid.
Lawyers began burrowing through thousands of documents provided by the defense.
Lawyers by day, two Ugandan women are raving about their enthusiasm and love for natural hair, encouraging other women to stop straightening their hair or using hair extensions and keep it natural.
Lawyers like to use professional jargon that's difficult for laymen to understand.
Lawyers make a lot of money.
Lawyers make mega bucks when they win cases.
Lawyers play a vital role in the legal system, providing representation and guidance to individuals and organizations in a wide range of legal matters.
Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action.
Laxmibai was the queen of Jhansi.
Lay down all arms.
Lay down on the couch.
Lay down your head.
Lay it all on the table.
Lay it down on paper so everyone understands better.
Lay it on the table.
Lay low and try to stay out of trouble.
Lay low.
Lay off the pep pills, Mary.
Lay off!
Lay off.
Lay on my cold lips the tender ghost Of the dear kiss that used to warm them most.
Lay the book on the table.
Lay the child on their back.
Lay the napkin across your lap.
Lay the table!
Lay the table.
Lay these books on my desk, if you don't mind.
Lay these books on my desk, if you don’t mind.
Lay this aside for me.
Lay up for a rainy day.
Lay your cards on the table and give me a straight answer!
Lay your hands in your laps.
Lay's is a major player in the potato chip industry.
Layered cocktails are aesthetically pleasing.
Layers of sediment lay at the bottom of the riverbed.
Layetmas is a girl's name.
Layla abandoned Sami's car in the woods.
Layla absolutely loves this hijab.
Layla abused her little brother.
Layla accidentally set fire to her wig.
Layla accused Fadil of seeing other women.
Layla accused Salima of having an affair with her husband.
Layla accused Sami of being the attacker.
Layla accused Sami of rape.
Layla accused Sami of sleeping with another woman.
Layla achieved more easily than Sami.
Layla acted like a guy.
Layla admitted she argued with her husband Sami the day he disappeared.
Layla admitted that she had lied to me.
Layla admitted to having had an affair with Sami.
Layla agreed to be Salima's maid of honor.
Layla agreed to be Sami's girlfriend.
Layla agreed to go to the movies with Sami.
Layla agreed to meet Sami.
Layla agreed to swap sex for drugs.
Layla agreed with Sami on everything he was saying.
Layla agreed with Sami.
Layla allowed an abusive man back into her life.
Layla already told you she isn't pregnant.
Layla also likes men.
Layla also wore a skirt.
Layla also worked as a prostitute.
Layla always did her hair.
Layla always dressed to impress.
Layla always goes after men that don't want her.
Layla always knew where to look for Sami.
Layla always tries her best.
Layla and Anita want to be free and happy.
Layla and Fadil had an intimate rendezvous.
Layla and I are sisters.
Layla and Rima are Djiboutians.
Layla and Rima live in Djibouti.
Layla and Salima are besties.
Layla and Salima are like my sisters.
Layla and Salima are sisters.
Layla and Salima are very pretty.
Layla and Salima became close friends.
Layla and Salima decided to wear the hijab.
Layla and Salima had perfect bodies.
Layla and Salima have both given birth.
Layla and Salima lived in the same apartment, but they were very different women.
Layla and Salima looked like boys.
Layla and Salima stuffed the cigarettes in their bras.
Layla and Salima took their hijabs off.
Layla and Salima were a lesbian couple.
Layla and Salima were acting like crazy bitches.
Layla and Salima were cheerleaders.
Layla and Salima were dating brothers.
Layla and Salima were extremely good friends.
Layla and Salima were fingerbanging.
Layla and Salima were identical twins. They were so close to each other and they could almost read each other's thoughts.
Layla and Salima were like little girls.
Layla and Salima were playing dolls.
Layla and Salima were sisters.
Layla and Salima were two sisters dating two brothers.
Layla and Salma were inseparable.
Layla and Sami aged up and wrinkled up.
Layla and Sami agreed to meet at the mall.
Layla and Sami are crossing the line.
Layla and Sami are going to the mall.
Layla and Sami are taking their relationship to the next level.
Layla and Sami are the parents of two young sons.
Layla and Sami argued repeatedly that night.
Layla and Sami arranged to meet at a cafe.
Layla and Sami ate here regularly on weekends.
Layla and Sami barely knew each other.
Layla and Sami became the foot soldiers of a neo-Nazi movement.
Layla and Sami began a sexual relationship.
Layla and Sami began to fight bitterly.
Layla and Sami began to fight violently.
Layla and Sami behaved in a barbaric way.
Layla and Sami canceled tonight's date.
Layla and Sami did drugs together.
Layla and Sami did seem to enjoy a true loving bond.
Layla and Sami did their homework together.
Layla and Sami didn't say anything to each other.
Layla and Sami didn't want their marriage to be made public.
Layla and Sami divorced in 2004.
Layla and Sami drove around for a little bit.
Layla and Sami ended up falling in love with each other.
Layla and Sami ended up in bed together.
Layla and Sami ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Layla and Sami engaged in play.
Layla and Sami enjoyed their evening together.
Layla and Sami fantasized that they were a couple.
Layla and Sami fell deeper in love.
Layla and Sami fell in love.
Layla and Sami fled.
Layla and Sami found privacy in a deserted park.
Layla and Sami got into an argument.
Layla and Sami got married immediately after graduation.
Layla and Sami got married two weeks later.
Layla and Sami graduated and moved in together.
Layla and Sami had a brutal fight.
Layla and Sami had a dream date.
Layla and Sami had a loving relationship.
Layla and Sami had a romantic American date.
Layla and Sami had a romantic date at the mall.
Layla and Sami had a romantic date.
Layla and Sami had a romantic get-away.
Layla and Sami had a romantic night.
Layla and Sami had a special bond.
Layla and Sami had a struggle.
Layla and Sami had a sweet little evening.
Layla and Sami had a tumultuous marriage.
Layla and Sami had all sorts of problems.
Layla and Sami had an argument.
Layla and Sami had another boy.
Layla and Sami had different priorities.
Layla and Sami had it all.
Layla and Sami have both aged up.
Layla and Sami have decided to take their relationship to the next level.
Layla and Sami have to be vigilant.
Layla and Sami headed to her place.
Layla and Sami heard a strange noise.
Layla and Sami held hands and walked along the corridor.
Layla and Sami held hands.
Layla and Sami knew each other.
Layla and Sami knocked on doors to spread the good word.
Layla and Sami know the truth.
Layla and Sami lived in the same flat.
Layla and Sami lived there without parents.
Layla and Sami lived together and split expenses.
Layla and Sami lived under the same roof.
Layla and Sami made a picture together.
Layla and Sami meet here all the time.
Layla and Sami met again.
Layla and Sami met at a shopping mall.
Layla and Sami met at the mall.
Layla and Sami met, fell in love and soon married.
Layla and Sami paid attention to nothing except to themselves.
Layla and Sami parked at the lake.
Layla and Sami played video games.
Layla and Sami raised camels and sold them.
Layla and Sami ran away.
Layla and Sami rebuilt their friendship.
Layla and Sami remained friends.
Layla and Sami returned safely.
Layla and Sami sat at the picnic table.
Layla and Sami separated after 25 years of living together.
Layla and Sami separated and split their small assets.
Layla and Sami slept in the same room.
Layla and Sami sometimes had trouble while they were dating.
Layla and Sami soon became very firm friends.
Layla and Sami spent a nice evening at the local mall.
Layla and Sami spent a romantic night together.
Layla and Sami spent eight hours together on their first date.
Layla and Sami spent hours talking.
Layla and Sami spent more time together.
Layla and Sami spent two hours reminiscing about their childhood.
Layla and Sami started dating.
Layla and Sami started having parties in their house.
Layla and Sami started kissing.
Layla and Sami still live in Cairo.
Layla and Sami talked about all kinds of stuff.
Layla and Sami talked about getting married.
Layla and Sami talked about kids.
Layla and Sami talked for hours.
Layla and Sami texted each other.
Layla and Sami took a walk in the evening.
Layla and Sami trained together.
Layla and Sami tried to raise a family.
Layla and Sami used Salima as their go-between.
Layla and Sami want to learn Berber.
Layla and Sami wanted a dream date.
Layla and Sami wanted a perfect date.
Layla and Sami wanted some time alone.
Layla and Sami wanted to celebrate Valentine's Day at the shopping mall.
Layla and Sami wanted to have a perfect first date.
Layla and Sami wanted to spend a perfect day.
Layla and Sami wanted to spend a perfect night together.
Layla and Sami wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
Layla and Sami wanted to start fresh.
Layla and Sami wanted to start over fresh.
Layla and Sami was clearly having serious marital difficulties.
Layla and Sami was enjoying the time of their life.
Layla and Sami was high on drugs.
Layla and Sami was very active in their church.
Layla and Sami went for a ride.
Layla and Sami went on the run.
Layla and Sami went skydiving.
Layla and Sami went to a Brazilian steakhouse.
Layla and Sami went to junior high school together.
Layla and Sami went to the mosque together.
Layla and Sami went to the park.
Layla and Sami were a very gruesome couple of killers.
Layla and Sami were always in a group.
Layla and Sami were born with perfect brains.
Layla and Sami were both 45.
Layla and Sami were broken up.
Layla and Sami were buried together.
Layla and Sami were closely related.
Layla and Sami were completely alone.
Layla and Sami were dancing.
Layla and Sami were finally reunited.
Layla and Sami were friends.
Layla and Sami were going to do whatever it took to be together for ever.
Layla and Sami were having a fierce conversation about money.
Layla and Sami were having an affair.
Layla and Sami were here first.
Layla and Sami were in different businesses.
Layla and Sami were in the same social circle.
Layla and Sami were involved in a pretty intense relationship.
Layla and Sami were like caged animals.
Layla and Sami were looking forward to raising a child together.
Layla and Sami were making out.
Layla and Sami were murdered two years apart.
Layla and Sami were on a dream vacation.
Layla and Sami were on a gold-prospecting trip.
Layla and Sami were on a romantic get-away.
Layla and Sami were on the beach.
Layla and Sami were perfect for each other.
Layla and Sami were playing tennis.
Layla and Sami were playing videogames.
Layla and Sami were scared.
Layla and Sami were sent to two different prisons.
Layla and Sami were separated for the rest of their lives.
Layla and Sami were talking about sex.
Layla and Sami were talking on the phone late at night.
Layla and Sami were together.
Layla and Sami were total strangers to each other.
Layla and Sami were very close.
Layla and Sami were walking on the street, holding hands.
Layla and Sami weren't alone.
Layla and Sami weren't completely alone.
Layla and Sami will never see each other again.
Layla and Sami's date got even uglier when he got drunk.
Layla and Sami's date was turning romantic.
Layla and Sami's honeymoon was over.
Layla and Sami's marriage was a total disaster.
Layla and Sami's marriage was falling apart.
Layla and Sami's problems can be traced back more than a year.
Layla and Sami's relationship fell apart.
Layla and her man would fight a lot.
Layla and her mom don't look alike.
Layla and her mom were pregnant at the same time.
Layla and me got on quite well.
Layla and me have to get along.
Layla and me were arguing.
Layla and me were best friends.
Layla and me were close friends.
Layla and me were like brothers.
Layla and me were like family.
Layla and me were like sisters.
Layla and me were the perfect pair.
Layla and six other students were wearing the hijab.
Layla announced that she was a police officer.
Layla announced that she was pregnant.
Layla answered Sami's ad.
Layla apologized to Sami.
Layla appeared to be waiting for a ride.
Layla applied as a hostess at that restaurant.
Layla arrived at Sami's house for one of her regular visits.
Layla arrived home at six o'clock.
Layla as already acting like she was eighteen.
Layla asked Salima if she could watch her while she was doing her makeup.
Layla asked Salima to be her maid of honor at her wedding.
Layla asked Salima to be her maid of honor.
Layla asked Sami for a cigarette.
Layla asked Sami for a ride home.
Layla asked Sami not to called her "honey."
Layla asked Sami to buy her diapers for the baby.
Layla asked Sami to buy her diapers.
Layla asked Sami to kill her.
Layla asked Sami to kiss her.
Layla asked Sami to leave her alone.
Layla asked Sami to look after her children.
Layla asked Sami to visit her in her apartment.
Layla asked for a divorce.
Layla asked for some cash from Sami.
Layla asked for something unexpected.
Layla asked her boss if she could leave.
Layla assumed she would never see Sami again.
Layla ate here regularly on weekends.
Layla ate popcorn.
Layla ate the fish and chips.
Layla attached to Sami strongly.
Layla attacked Sami with a knife.
Layla attacked me.
Layla attempted to console Sami's parents.
Layla attended a halaqa every Saturday night.
Layla attracted Fadil's attention.
Layla attracted Sami's attention.
Layla avoided dating for many years.
Layla babysat a lot of toddlers.
Layla babysat a ton of kids.
Layla babysat babies.
Layla backed her car.
Layla baked cookies for Christmas.
Layla banished her husband from their marital bed and brought her children to sleep with her.
Layla barely weighed a 100 pounds.
Layla basically stole Sami from Salima.
Layla beat herself up and blamed Fadil for it.
Layla beat the girl's ass.
Layla became a whole different person.
Layla became bulimic.
Layla became cruel towards Sami.
Layla became interested in boys and sex.
Layla became irresistible.
Layla became obsessed with pleasing Sami.
Layla became pregnant pretty soon.
Layla became pregnant.
Layla became very irate with Sami.
Layla became very nervous.
Layla became very popular at Bakir High School.
Layla befriended Sami's sister.
Layla began a heated affair with her boss.
Layla began abusing drugs and alcohol.
Layla began her career in 1997.
Layla began hitting the door.
Layla began to assert herself a little more.
Layla began to blossom into a young woman.
Layla began to develop a very deep-seated hatred towards white people.
Layla began to fear the worst.
Layla began to see a different side to Sami.
Layla began to tell Sami some of the stories of her life.
Layla begged Sami while he was raping her to let her live.
Layla begged Sami while he was raping her to stop doing that.
Layla believed Sami was crazy.
Layla believed that she had psychic abilities.
Layla betrayed Sami's trust.
Layla blacked out.
Layla blamed everything on Sami.
Layla bleached her hair again.
Layla blocked Sami's e-mail.
Layla blocked the entrance to the garage.
Layla blossomed into a beautiful young woman.
Layla bludgeoned Sami to death.
Layla booked a consultation.
Layla booked a hair appointment.
Layla borrowed Sami's car.
Layla borrowed a gun from Sami.
Layla bought Salima a headscarf.
Layla bought Sami a Ferrari.
Layla bought Sami a little present.
Layla bought Sami an expensive watch.
Layla bought a Valentine's Day outfit.
Layla bought a blonde wig.
Layla bought a bra and a pair of socks.
Layla bought a few abayas before.
Layla bought a gun.
Layla bought a lipstick.
Layla bought a new dress.
Layla bought a new hijab.
Layla bought a phone for her boyfriend.
Layla bought a small dress.
Layla bought a two hundred dollar bottle of wine.
Layla bought an Iranian carpet from the market.
Layla bought an expensive Iranian carpet.
Layla bought another dress.
Layla bought another product.
Layla bought cosmetics at every shopping mall she visited.
Layla bought cyanide on the Internet.
Layla bought diapers.
Layla bought lashes.
Layla bought the best dresses.
Layla bought this wig from Amazon.
Layla braided Salima's hair.
Layla broke down crying.
Layla broke down several times during the trial.
Layla broke her mother's rules.
Layla broke the news that she was pregnant.
Layla broke ties with her parents' religion.
Layla broke up with Sami.
Layla brought a friend over to her house.
Layla brought a new man into her life.
Layla brought back Sami's belongings.
Layla brought the cash.
Layla brushed my hair and it hurt me so much.
Layla buried Sami in the shallow grave.
Layla burned Fadil alive for his money.
Layla burned Salima on the scalp with a flatiron.
Layla burned Sami alive for his money.
Layla burned all of Aart's books about racist literature.
Layla burned everything Sami had given her.
Layla burned her own house.
Layla bursted out in tears again.
Layla buys a lot of makeup with her own money.
Layla called Sami a couple of times.
Layla called Sami at four o'clock in the morning.
Layla called Sami fourteen times.
Layla called Sami that morning.
Layla called Sami trash.
Layla called for an ambulance.
Layla called for help.
Layla called her boyfriend.
Layla called her friend.
Layla called her husband and told him.
Layla called one of the salon people to come and do Salima's hair.
Layla called security.
Layla called the police on Sami.
Layla called the salon.
Layla came across a kangaroo in the outback.
Layla came and picked me up.
Layla came back to her room.
Layla came from a lower class town.
Layla came home at night.
Layla came home slightly after Sami.
Layla came home some ten to fifteen minutes later.
Layla came in for a hair trim.
Layla came in to do my hair.
Layla came in to get her hair done a few weeks ago.
Layla came in.
Layla came into the office.
Layla came into the salon.
Layla came to Canada looking for opportunity.
Layla came to Egypt to meet Sami in person.
Layla came to Salima to get her hair done.
Layla came to call Sami "Daddy."
Layla came to see the boss.
Layla came to speak to us.
Layla came to work early this morning.
Layla came with her grandmother.
Layla can babysit multiple kids at the same time.
Layla can do it.
Layla can handle this.
Layla can help you.
Layla can imitate boys.
Layla can never be rehabilitated.
Layla can only babysit one kid at a time.
Layla can rest in peace now.
Layla can trim Salima's hair.
Layla can wear the hijab and still be herself.
Layla can't bear to see her family dissolve before her.
Layla can't cut her hair too short.
Layla can't do her makeup again.
Layla can't do this.
Layla can't fix the car by herself.
Layla can't give you this.
Layla can't go places with Sami.
Layla can't go with Sami to the dance.
Layla can't go with you to the dance.
Layla can't have children.
Layla can't imagine her life without Sami.
Layla can't leave Sami.
Layla can't open the jar. She only has one hand.
Layla can't put gloves on.
Layla can't remember his name.
Layla can't remember the brutal assault.
Layla can't reverse what she had done.
Layla can't stop now.
Layla can't tell.
Layla cared a lot about people.
Layla carefully planned and executed the crime.
Layla carried that gun with her at all times.
Layla cast a spell over everybody she met.
Layla caught Sami's eye.
Layla caught a train back to Cairo.
Layla caught the eye of many a young man.
Layla cautiously entered the cave.
Layla changed her baby cousin's diaper twice.
Layla changed her baby's diaper.
Layla changed rather quickly.
Layla changed the baby in the bathroom.
Layla changed trains.
Layla charged Salima six hundred dollars for that.
Layla charmed her way into a job.
Layla charmed her way into a skills training program for prisoners.
Layla chatted with complete strangers.
Layla checked Sami's vitals.
Layla checked on Sami to make sure he was OK.
Layla chose a beautiful wedding song for her wedding.
Layla chose a really sad song for her wedding.
Layla chose drugs over her son Sami.
Layla chose her maid of honor.
Layla chose not to have kids.
Layla chose some of her best friends to be her bridesmaids.
Layla chose to be the university star of the family.
Layla chose to do that.
Layla claimed she was innocent.
Layla claimed she was pregnant with Sami's child.
Layla climbed the ladder.
Layla clung to life.
Layla comes from a strict religious background.
Layla committed a copycat killing.
Layla committed a heinous crime for the sake of love.
Layla committed suicide.
Layla complained of nausea.
Layla complained of pain.
Layla confessed everything to Sami.
Layla confessed her sins to the priest.
Layla confessed to everything she knew about Sami's crime.
Layla confessed to the murder of her ex-husband.
Layla confronted Sami about his phone sex addiction.
Layla confronted Sami with the other woman.
Layla considered Salima a friend.
Layla considered herself a feminist.
Layla considered herself a hijabi.
Layla considered quitting her job.
Layla considers Sami as a big brother.
Layla contacted Sami.
Layla continued driving.
Layla continued to hope that.
Layla continued to see Sami and other men.
Layla continued to see that guy.
Layla continued to wander in the outback.
Layla converted to Islam and started to wear the hijab straight away.
Layla converted to Islam and started wearing the Muslim headscarf.
Layla converted to Islam.
Layla cooked Fadil dinner.
Layla cooked Fadil his favorite meal.
Layla cooked Sami dinner.
Layla cooked Sami his favorite meal.
Layla cooks and cleans up for Sami.
Layla copied Salima's style.
Layla coughed.
Layla could actually murder her own children for money.
Layla could barely breathe.
Layla could barely move in the trunk.
Layla could be your daughter.
Layla could fix Salima's hair.
Layla could freeze to death.
Layla could get anybody to do anything for her.
Layla could have been anyone's daughter.
Layla could have been treated.
Layla could have faked her own death.
Layla could have killed Sami.
Layla could have trimmed her hair herself.
Layla could hear Sami talking.
Layla could hear the police.
Layla could no longer breathe.
Layla could see somebody.
Layla could smell that metallic iron smell of blood.
Layla could still hear the car.
Layla couldn't be found at all.
Layla couldn't bear to be the other woman.
Layla couldn't believe her luck.
Layla couldn't believe that that was happening to her.
Layla couldn't breathe.
Layla couldn't cope with Sami's loss.
Layla couldn't do anything at all to help Sami.
Layla couldn't drink her urine.
Layla couldn't drink seawater.
Layla couldn't fight anymore.
Layla couldn't find a dress to wear for the prom.
Layla couldn't find a single picture of her wearing a hijab.
Layla couldn't find her way out.
Layla couldn't forgive Sami for his infidelity.
Layla couldn't get what she wanted from her wealthy boyfriend.
Layla couldn't have carried this murder alone.
Layla couldn't hear anything.
Layla couldn't hear the gunshots.
Layla couldn't physically overpower Sami.
Layla couldn't resist flirting.
Layla couldn't resist.
Layla couldn't rid of the feelings of insecurity and unworthiness.
Layla couldn't ride a camel.
Layla couldn't save Sami.
Layla couldn't scream.
Layla couldn't see anyone.
Layla couldn't stand Sami.
Layla couldn't take her eyes off Sami.
Layla couldn't wait for the movie premiere.
Layla couldn't wait to have Sami all to herself.
Layla counted to three.
Layla covered her hair up.
Layla covered her head.
Layla covered herself up with paper bags.
Layla covered herself up.
Layla covers her hair up with a hijab.
Layla covers her head.
Layla covers up her hair.
Layla craved order.
Layla craved organization.
Layla created a fantasy world.
Layla created a new e-mail address that she used to create a Facebook account.
Layla cried for help.
Layla cried herself to sleep.
Layla cried with Sami.
Layla crossed into the US border illegally.
Layla crossed the expressway.
Layla cut Sami off from sex.
Layla cut a ton of her hair.
Layla cut her dreads out.
Layla cut herself cutting vegetables.
Layla cut off Sami's penis.
Layla damaged Salima's hair.
Layla danced and made money.
Layla danced with her dad.
Layla dated Sami for a long time.
Layla dated Sami's brother.
Layla dated a bad boy.
Layla dated a drug addict.
Layla dated my brother.
Layla dated occasionally but she wasn't in a rush to find a man.
Layla dated that man's son.
Layla decided it was time.
Layla decided not to give her heart to anybody.
Layla decided not to remove her hijab.
Layla decided not to take her hijab off.
Layla decided that divorce was the only option.
Layla decided that it was finally time to shine.
Layla decided that she needed to express her feelings to Sami.
Layla decided to buy Sami a watch.
Layla decided to buy the house.
Layla decided to do another robbery.
Layla decided to go to the party.
Layla decided to go traveling.
Layla decided to keep her hijab on.
Layla decided to keep the hijab on.
Layla decided to make the jump.
Layla decided to pick Salima to be her bridesmaid.
Layla decided to punish Sami for it.
Layla decided to put the hijab back on.
Layla decided to remove her hijab.
Layla decided to remove the hijab.
Layla decided to silence the witnesses.
Layla decided to stay.
Layla decided to take a chance.
Layla decided to take action.
Layla decided to take off the hijab.
Layla decided to try the hijab on.
Layla decided to wear her hijab again.
Layla decided to wear her hijab in June.
Layla decided to wear the hijab again.
Layla decided to wear the hijab whatever the consequence.
Layla decided to wear the hijab.
Layla declined to take the stand.
Layla deleted Sami's number.
Layla denied the fact that she was pregnant.
Layla deserted her husband and children.
Layla deserved better.
Layla deserved to be happy.
Layla deserved to be hated.
Layla desperately tried to keep Sami alive.
Layla desperately wanted to give Fadil a baby.
Layla destroyed her family.
Layla developed a condition called alopecia.
Layla developed a relationship with Sami.
Layla developed a true passion for Sami.
Layla developed a very serious cancer.
Layla developed cancer.
Layla did a good job.
Layla did a lot of babysitting.
Layla did a lot of gossiping around the neighborhood.
Layla did a professional job.
Layla did a video about makeup.
Layla did an interview with Euronews.
Layla did as instructed.
Layla did everything she could to help Sami.
Layla did have a daughter.
Layla did have a really pretty face.
Layla did her best friend's hair.
Layla did her best to calm Sami down.
Layla did her best to support Sami with tutors.
Layla did her chores.
Layla did her hair and she looked so cute.
Layla did her hair.
Layla did her make-up.
Layla did love Sami.
Layla did my hair.
Layla did natural hair videos on YouTube.
Layla did nothing else that day.
Layla did nothing to correct his mistake.
Layla did some dancing.
Layla did that to survive.
Layla did the best she could.
Layla did the right thing. She called the police.
Layla did this for the children.
Layla did this to me.
Layla did tons of natural hair and makeup videos.
Layla did webcamming.
Layla didn't ask Sami for anything.
Layla didn't attract attention.
Layla didn't believe Sami.
Layla didn't come back.
Layla didn't come home.
Layla didn't dare get involved.
Layla didn't deserve to die at all.
Layla didn't deserve to die like this.
Layla didn't deserve to die.
Layla didn't do anything to Sami.
Layla didn't do her eyeliner.
Layla didn't do the job very well.
Layla didn't dress cute.
Layla didn't drink water in two days.
Layla didn't even know how to buy a bottle of milk.
Layla didn't even know how to talk to boys.
Layla didn't even know that she was dating a paedophile.
Layla didn't even know there was a maximum security prison in the area.
Layla didn't even notice.
Layla didn't feel ready for sex.
Layla didn't feel something like that for a long time.
Layla didn't feel well.
Layla didn't find her vehicle.
Layla didn't find her way out.
Layla didn't forget Sami.
Layla didn't get along with Sami.
Layla didn't get along with her mother-in-law.
Layla didn't get her dress from that store.
Layla didn't get pregnant by Sami.
Layla didn't give her number to everybody.
Layla didn't grow up with girls.
Layla didn't have Sami's address in Cairo.
Layla didn't have a boyfriend.
Layla didn't have a good job.
Layla didn't have a job.
Layla didn't have a lot of friends.
Layla didn't have any experience with men.
Layla didn't have any more tears to cry.
Layla didn't have anything else.
Layla didn't have anything to talk about.
Layla didn't have blood in her veins. She had ice.
Layla didn't have enough strength to pick Sami up.
Layla didn't have friends.
Layla didn't have her hijab on.
Layla didn't have the social skills to understand that a disagreement with her friends didn't mean a rejection from them.
Layla didn't have time for drama in college.
Layla didn't have very many friends.
Layla didn't hear Sami's calls for help.
Layla didn't hear Sami's calls.
Layla didn't imagine it would go this far.
Layla didn't kiss a boy until she was in college.
Layla didn't know Sami had a girlfriend.
Layla didn't know Sami very well.
Layla didn't know anything about Cairo.
Layla didn't know anything about makeup.
Layla didn't know anything about this.
Layla didn't know how to deal with the consequences of her actions.
Layla didn't know how to do her hair.
Layla didn't know how to take care of her hair.
Layla didn't know if she was ready to have a baby.
Layla didn't know if she would keep the baby.
Layla didn't know there was a prison in the area.
Layla didn't know what Sami was going to do.
Layla didn't know what she was doing.
Layla didn't know what to think.
Layla didn't know what was going on?
Layla didn't know where she was going.
Layla didn't like Sami at all.
Layla didn't like that salon.
Layla didn't like the hijab.
Layla didn't like to show off.
Layla didn't like what she heard.
Layla didn't lose her virginity until she was sixteen.
Layla didn't realize the terrible consequences of her actions.
Layla didn't really socialize with a lot of people outside.
Layla didn't receive the flowers.
Layla didn't recognize Sami's car.
Layla didn't remember anything.
Layla didn't report the fire.
Layla didn't say anything.
Layla didn't say who she was.
Layla didn't scream.
Layla didn't see anybody else.
Layla didn't show up for the appointment.
Layla didn't show up for work.
Layla didn't stop talking to Sami.
Layla didn't tell her mom that she had a boyfriend.
Layla didn't trust men.
Layla didn't try that dress on again.
Layla didn't try the dress on in that store.
Layla didn't understand the reason behind the hijab.
Layla didn't want Salima brushing her teeth.
Layla didn't want Sami to propose that day.
Layla didn't want anyone to hear her.
Layla didn't want drama.
Layla didn't want her body to be eaten by wolves.
Layla didn't want her father to dictate the trajectory of her own life.
Layla didn't want her hijab to be a handicap for her.
Layla didn't want her parents to find out about her relationship with Sami.
Layla didn't want things end like this.
Layla didn't want to be Sami's girlfriend for Valentine's day.
Layla didn't want to be a mom.
Layla didn't want to be covered.
Layla didn't want to be in the same house as Sami.
Layla didn't want to be involved with a married man.
Layla didn't want to be looking over her shoulder for the rest of her life.
Layla didn't want to be pregnant.
Layla didn't want to die alone.
Layla didn't want to die at the hands of Sami.
Layla didn't want to get Sami in any kind of trouble.
Layla didn't want to get pregnant.
Layla didn't want to get punished on the Day of Judgment for not wearing the hijab.
Layla didn't want to go back to the camp.
Layla didn't want to go to jail.
Layla didn't want to leave the house.
Layla didn't want to make out with Sami.
Layla didn't want to marry Sami and she turned him down.
Layla didn't want to share her love for Sami with anyone.
Layla didn't want to surrender her virginity.
Layla didn't want to use those lashes.
Layla didn't want to wear hijab.
Layla didn't want to wear pink gel polish.
Layla didn't want to wear the hijab.
Layla didn't want to work for the prison.
Layla didn't wear the hijab at that time.
Layla didn't wear the hijab properly.
Layla didn't wear the hijab.
Layla didn't wear the jewelry.
Layla didn't wear underwear.
Layla didn't worry about it.
Layla died a month later.
Layla died a peaceful death.
Layla died alone in the desert.
Layla died alone in the woods.
Layla died for gold.
Layla died in prison of a heat attack.
Layla died of a drug overdose in the woods behind her house.
Layla died of cancer in July 2006.
Layla died of poisonous gases.
Layla died of severe dehydration.
Layla died of smoke inhalation.
Layla died of thirst.
Layla died trying to find water.
Layla disappeared and left two children behind.
Layla disappeared on July 3, 2004.
Layla disappeared on March 6, 2003.
Layla discovered Sami's body in his home.
Layla discovered her mother's body in the woods behind her home.
Layla discovered the body.
Layla ditched the soiled panties.
Layla does have a lover.
Layla does not speak English.
Layla does whatever it takes to support her children.
Layla doesn't care about your boyfriend.
Layla doesn't celebrate birthdays.
Layla doesn't consider herself a hijabi.
Layla doesn't deal well with drama.
Layla doesn't even know what a dingo is.
Layla doesn't feel like having a child at her age.
Layla doesn't have a boyfriend anymore.
Layla doesn't have a driver's permit.
Layla doesn't have swimwear.
Layla doesn't have time for drama.
Layla doesn't have time to redo her hair.
Layla doesn't know anything about makeup.
Layla doesn't know everything about Sami.
Layla doesn't know how to do her makeup.
Layla doesn't know that much about makeup.
Layla doesn't know what to do.
Layla doesn't like Sami's girlfriend.
Layla doesn't like chalkboards.
Layla doesn't like drama.
Layla doesn't like makeup.
Layla doesn't like submissive guys.
Layla doesn't like to be ignored.
Layla doesn't look like a little girl anymore.
Layla doesn't remember anything from that night.
Layla doesn't remember anything.
Layla doesn't see anybody else.
Layla doesn't shave her legs.
Layla doesn't shower with her hijab on.
Layla doesn't trust a lot of dudes.
Layla doesn't trust a lot of people with her hair.
Layla doesn't trust anybody with her hair unless they know what they are doing.
Layla doesn't trust men.
Layla doesn't use foundation powder.
Layla doesn't use lipstick.
Layla doesn't want that much makeup.
Layla doesn't want this ring.
Layla doesn't want to be around men.
Layla doesn't want to be with Sami.
Layla doesn't want to get attention from women. She's straight.
Layla doesn't want to wear the hijab.
Layla doesn't wear hijab.
Layla doesn't wear the hijab.
Layla doesn't wear too much makeup.
Layla donated her mother's liver to her father.
Layla donated to her church.
Layla dragged Sami out of the car.
Layla drank a lot of water.
Layla drank a milkshake.
Layla drank all the alcohol.
Layla drank an energy drink.
Layla drank heavily.
Layla drank her body fluids.
Layla drank her own urine to survive.
Layla drank her own urine.
Layla drank her urine.
Layla dreamed about an idyllic relationship with Sami.
Layla dreamed about giving Fadil the ultimate gift.
Layla dreamed in Arabic, thought in Arabic, spoke in Arabic, and cried in Arabic.
Layla dressed as a ninja assassin for Halloween.
Layla dressed as a zombie ballerina on Halloween.
Layla dressed for sex.
Layla dressed modest.
Layla dressed modestly.
Layla dressed nicely.
Layla dressed pretty.
Layla dressed sexy.
Layla dressed up as a girl for the Halloween party.
Layla dressed up like a gothic girl for the Halloween party.
Layla dressed well.
Layla drinks a lot.
Layla drives as if she owned the road.
Layla drives carefully.
Layla dropped Sami off at school.
Layla dropped her daughter at school.
Layla dropped her panties on the floor.
Layla dropped her weapon.
Layla drove Sami to the shopping mall.
Layla drove a black sedan.
Layla drove about a mile more.
Layla drove all night, collecting her thoughts.
Layla drove all night.
Layla drove all the men wild by dancing.
Layla drove off into the night.
Layla drove twenty minutes to a bank downtown.
Layla drove very far from where she lived.
Layla drugged Sami.
Layla dyed her hair blue.
Layla eats cockroaches.
Layla emptied the sack.
Layla ended her affair with Sami.
Layla ended up being Sami's girlfriend.
Layla ended up crying.
Layla ended up getting herself a little boyfriend.
Layla ended up getting pregnant by Sami.
Layla ended up in Egypt.
Layla ended up in a rehab facility in Cairo.
Layla ended up pregnant.
Layla ended up wearing the hijab.
Layla engaged a private detective.
Layla enjoyed a happy childhood in Cairo.
Layla enjoyed a long happy life.
Layla enjoyed a privileged life in Cairo.
Layla enjoyed doing mom things.
Layla enjoyed her extravagant lifestyle.
Layla enjoyed talking about her crimes.
Layla enjoyed the types of dogs that Sami raised.
Layla entered the bank.
Layla entered the courtroom to testify.
Layla entered the room.
Layla envied Sofia so much as a teenager.
Layla escaped a jail term.
Layla escaped a violent relationship.
Layla escaped from Sami.
Layla escaped her attackers.
Layla escaped the crime scene.
Layla even moved into a separate bedroom.
Layla exhibited a strange behavior.
Layla expected to be safe here.
Layla faced a long cold night alone.
Layla faced a third night lost in the outback.
Layla faced another crucial decision.
Layla faced deportation back to her native Egypt.
Layla faced rapid dehydration.
Layla failed her Arabic test.
Layla faked a miscarriage.
Layla faked a pregnancy in high school.
Layla faked a pregnancy in middle school.
Layla faked her own death.
Layla fantasized about bludgeoning Sami to death.
Layla fantasized about killing her mother her entire life.
Layla fantasized that she and Sami were a couple.
Layla feared for her life.
Layla feared losing her husband to Salima.
Layla feels more confident.
Layla fell for Fadil's charms.
Layla fell for Sami's charms.
Layla fell for Sami's kid.
Layla fell for a man she was willing to do anything to hold on to.
Layla fell in love with a handsome man and got married.
Layla fell in love with that hijab.
Layla fell in love with that wig.
Layla fell in love with the hijab.
Layla fell to the ground.
Layla felt Sami's fingertips touching the back of her shoulder.
Layla felt Sami's hand on her leg.
Layla felt a boner on her ass.
Layla felt a boner touch her ass.
Layla felt a penis touch her ass.
Layla felt a profound pain.
Layla felt abandoned.
Layla felt bad about that.
Layla felt comfortable enough to ride by herself with Sami.
Layla felt completely powerless.
Layla felt completely trapped.
Layla felt confident around guys.
Layla felt guilty for not wearing the hijab.
Layla felt her baby kicking.
Layla felt her hijab slipping.
Layla felt her scalp was blistering.
Layla felt in love with a Jamaican-born dealer.
Layla felt like a scorned woman.
Layla felt like she had to give Fadil a baby.
Layla felt like she had to wear hijab.
Layla felt like she wanted to wear the hijab and she wore it.
Layla felt loved.
Layla felt pretty comfortable with Sami.
Layla felt proud with wearing the hijab.
Layla felt ready to move in with Sami.
Layla felt really bad for Sami.
Layla felt rejected by Sami's family.
Layla felt safe with Sami.
Layla felt scared.
Layla felt she knew the area so well.
Layla felt she needed to have a child in order to keep Fadil.
Layla felt she was losing her friends.
Layla felt she was wronged.
Layla felt she wasn't pretty in her hijab.
Layla felt so safe with Sami.
Layla felt sorry for Sami.
Layla felt terrible for having been in that relationship.
Layla felt that Sami was singing right to her.
Layla felt that her hijab was making her shy.
Layla felt that she had lost her best friend.
Layla felt that she would always be a nobody compared to her sister.
Layla felt threatened.
Layla felt too shy to talk to Sami.
Layla felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Layla felt unlovable to men.
Layla felt very comfortable around Sami.
Layla felt very lonely.
Layla felt very neglected.
Layla felt very strange.
Layla filed for divorce in 2000.
Layla finally agreed to come over.
Layla finally agreed to come.
Layla finally faced trial for the murder of Sami Fadil.
Layla finally found out that Sami had three children by different women.
Layla finally landed a good job.
Layla finally landed the boyfriend she had always wanted.
Layla finally lost a game she played so well.
Layla finally woke up.
Layla finished Sami off.
Layla finished her dessert.
Layla finished her long hike.
Layla finished her senior year.
Layla fired one shot at Sami.
Layla fixed the car herself.
Layla flashed her lights at Sami.
Layla flatironed her wig.
Layla fled from Fadil's house.
Layla fled the scene before the police arrived.
Layla fled the scene of the crime.
Layla fled the scene.
Layla fled.
Layla flew to Egypt.
Layla flirted with everyone on the ward.
Layla fluffled her hair up.
Layla followed her lover's instructions.
Layla followed in Sami's path.
Layla forbade her daughter from seeing Sami again.
Layla forgot about all of this.
Layla forgot her driver's license at home.
Layla forgot her phone in the restaurant, but Sami ran out and gave it to her.
Layla forgot her purse in her car.
Layla forgot something.
Layla fought back.
Layla fought off her attacker.
Layla found Salima a date for the prom dance.
Layla found Sami at a small motel in Vegas where he was living with his new wife, Salima.
Layla found Sami's body.
Layla found Sami's mild manners appealing.
Layla found Sami's rifle in the pick-up truck.
Layla found a big box of condoms in Sami's room.
Layla found a dead body in her backyard.
Layla found a plywood board in the basement.
Layla found a way to safety.
Layla found another man.
Layla found her Prince Charming.
Layla found her soulmate.
Layla found herself drawn to Fadil.
Layla found herself drawn to Sami.
Layla found it hard to convince herself to wear the hijab.
Layla found numerous shell cases in the doorway.
Layla found numerous shell casings in the corridor.
Layla found one of Sami's prints.
Layla found out about Sami's bisexuality.
Layla found out about Sami's ex-girlfriend.
Layla found out she was pregnant with Sami's child.
Layla found out she was pregnant.
Layla found out that she was pregnant.
Layla found photos of Sami with other women.
Layla found that exciting.
Layla found that there were so many hijabis on Instagram.
Layla found the man she was looking for.
Layla found this scary.
Layla froze to death.
Layla fucked Sami in the freezer.
Layla gained Sami's affection.
Layla gave Sami a check.
Layla gave Sami a good slap on the face.
Layla gave Sami a gun.
Layla gave Sami a quick kiss and got out of the bus.
Layla gave Sami a quick kiss and got out of the car.
Layla gave Sami her phone number.
Layla gave Sami his jewelry back.
Layla gave Sami more money.
Layla gave Sami six thousand dollars to kill Salima.
Layla gave Sami the money.
Layla gave Sami the wrong number.
Layla gave Sami two thousand dollars if he carried out the killing.
Layla gave Sami's flowers away.
Layla gave birth a beautiful baby girl.
Layla gave birth to a healthy baby.
Layla gave birth to baby number six.
Layla gave birth to her baby while she was in custody.
Layla gave birth to her ninth baby.
Layla gave lots of cash to Sami.
Layla gave six different versions of the events.
Layla gave some cash to Sami.
Layla gave the police a fake name.
Layla gave the robbers her purse but they weren't satisfied.
Layla gave the robbers what they wanted.
Layla genuinely thought that Sami was her boyfriend.
Layla gets her hair done every Saturday.
Layla gets scared when Sami throws those tantrums.
Layla goes to that salon all the time.
Layla goes to that salon to get extensions.
Layla got Fadil's house in her name.
Layla got Fadil's special attention.
Layla got Sami in the middle of a love triangle.
Layla got Sami's house in her name.
Layla got a babysitter for her children.
Layla got a job as a waitress.
Layla got a life sentence.
Layla got a new wallet for a very good price.
Layla got a text message from Sami.
Layla got along with everybody.
Layla got angry.
Layla got arrested.
Layla got back in the car.
Layla got back to Cairo.
Layla got brutally beaten with sticks.
Layla got caught.
Layla got divorced.
Layla got engaged in June.
Layla got engaged to Sami.
Layla got extensions in her hair.
Layla got eyes for one man only.
Layla got fed up with being a mother.
Layla got her ass smacked in the middle of a concert.
Layla got her false nails cut down.
Layla got her first child when she was barely out of her teens.
Layla got her first girl moment when she was twelve.
Layla got her hair done at Salima's salon.
Layla got her hair done at that salon.
Layla got her hair done.
Layla got her hair trimmed.
Layla got her makeup done at the hotel.
Layla got her makeup done for sixty dollars.
Layla got her makeup done.
Layla got her nails done at Sami's salon.
Layla got her nails done.
Layla got her son ready for school.
Layla got in the taxi.
Layla got involved with Sami sexually.
Layla got involved with a man who plays dirty.
Layla got involved with that boy.
Layla got lost in the Australian outback.
Layla got lost in the Australian wilderness.
Layla got lost in the outback.
Layla got married at twenty and had two children.
Layla got married when she was barely out of her teens.
Layla got off the chair to see her makeup.
Layla got out of her car.
Layla got out of the car.
Layla got out to the roof of the prison.
Layla got pregnant and had a baby.
Layla got pregnant by Sami.
Layla got pregnant by a different guy.
Layla got pregnant in high school.
Layla got pregnant.
Layla got raped.
Layla got rid of the body herself.
Layla got the answer.
Layla got the car fixed.
Layla got the tickets for free.
Layla got tired of waiting.
Layla got up early.
Layla got what she wanted.
Layla grabbed Salima by the hair and started beating her ass.
Layla grabbed her mother by the collar of her shirt and dragged her.
Layla grabbed her purse and stood up.
Layla grabbed the cockroach, put it in her mouth, gave it a couple of chews, then swallowed it.
Layla graduated in 2002.
Layla grew in a town where everybody knew everybody.
Layla grew suspicious.
Layla grew up and became a wonderful kindergarten teacher.
Layla grew up in Arabia and was very familiar with camels.
Layla grew up in a family of seven children.
Layla grew up in a historic town near Philadelphia.
Layla grew up in a middle-class neighborhood.
Layla grew up in a small close-knit town.
Layla grew up in a toxic environment.
Layla grew up in a working-class area.
Layla grew up in an all-female household.
Layla grew up in rural England.
Layla grew up in the aristocratic world.
Layla grew up with boys.
Layla had AIDS.
Layla had Salima in 2006.
Layla had Salima last month.
Layla had a 25-year-old boyfriend.
Layla had a Bentley. Her husband, a Ferrari.
Layla had a GPS.
Layla had a Valentine.
Layla had a baby.
Layla had a babysitting job.
Layla had a belly but she wasn't pregnant.
Layla had a bewitching power over men.
Layla had a big personality.
Layla had a big struggle with hijab.
Layla had a black eye.
Layla had a bodyguard named Sami Fadil.
Layla had a boyfriend.
Layla had a breakup with the guy she was in loved with.
Layla had a broken rib.
Layla had a certain sparkle about her.
Layla had a change of heart.
Layla had a chatty style in her e-mails.
Layla had a child from her ex-boyfriend.
Layla had a copy of the program and it was in disk.
Layla had a copy of the program on disk.
Layla had a criminal history.
Layla had a dangerous liaison with a hitman.
Layla had a date with Sami.
Layla had a degree in psychology.
Layla had a different life.
Layla had a disconnected and twisted mind.
Layla had a fairly good job.
Layla had a gang boyfriend.
Layla had a gold cross necklace.
Layla had a good reason to do that.
Layla had a healthy little boy.
Layla had a heavy accent.
Layla had a huge thing for pink.
Layla had a jealous streak.
Layla had a joint account with her husband.
Layla had a large butcher knife.
Layla had a large circle of friends but was naive.
Layla had a large circle of friends.
Layla had a lengthy criminal record.
Layla had a lesbian affair.
Layla had a lesbian lover.
Layla had a lot more ammunition than Sami.
Layla had a man in her life.
Layla had a message of hate tattooed on her forehead.
Layla had a miscarriage when she was very young.
Layla had a miscarriage yesterday.
Layla had a miscarriage.
Layla had a navy-blue dress on.
Layla had a new boyfriend.
Layla had a nice ass.
Layla had a nice shape.
Layla had a ponytail.
Layla had a really creepy boss.
Layla had a really pretty face.
Layla had a reason to lie.
Layla had a regular job.
Layla had a reputation for doing hard drugs.
Layla had a rifle with her.
Layla had a secret affair with Sami.
Layla had a secret dating life.
Layla had a son.
Layla had a stalker.
Layla had a story for detectives.
Layla had a strange sensation.
Layla had a strawberry milkshake.
Layla had a struggle with Sami.
Layla had a sugar daddy and he was paying her rent.
Layla had a sugar daddy.
Layla had a supportive family.
Layla had a swastika tattooed on her forehead.
Layla had a terrible experience at that hair salon.
Layla had a tough childhood.
Layla had a very dark side about her.
Layla had a very difficult childhood.
Layla had a very nice house.
Layla had a very painful childhood.
Layla had a wound to her right leg.
Layla had afro hair.
Layla had an Asian lover in Toronto.
Layla had an abortion.
Layla had an abusive childhood.
Layla had an impeccable taste.
Layla had an insatiable lust for sex and money.
Layla had an issue with that girl.
Layla had an undiagnosed mental illness.
Layla had another cancer check-up a few weeks later.
Layla had another idea in mind.
Layla had another payment plan in mind.
Layla had beautiful curly hair.
Layla had been fantasizing about killing her parents since the age of nine.
Layla had big boobs.
Layla had boobs.
Layla had boxes of makeup.
Layla had butterflies in her stomach.
Layla had custody of the children.
Layla had dark hair.
Layla had deep religious convictions.
Layla had dreads in the back of her hair.
Layla had duct tape in the pocket of her pants.
Layla had faith that she could help Sami.
Layla had four children with four different men.
Layla had good reason to be jealous.
Layla had her first child at a very young age.
Layla had her hair bleached.
Layla had her hair up.
Layla had her head shaved.
Layla had her moment of crying.
Layla had her own private plane.
Layla had her own style of dress.
Layla had her scarf on.
Layla had high expectations of her children.
Layla had insatiable carnal needs.
Layla had interest in money.
Layla had little energy to walk.
Layla had love even though she wanted more love from Fadil.
Layla had many questions about hijab.
Layla had many weak points.
Layla had messy short hair.
Layla had missed a meeting with Sami that morning.
Layla had money problems.
Layla had much to say.
Layla had much work to do.
Layla had multiple partners.
Layla had multiple stub wounds to her back.
Layla had never had sexual intercourse before.
Layla had never seen that happen before.
Layla had never, ever worn a cross necklace before.
Layla had no children of her own.
Layla had no clue that federal agents were hot on her trail.
Layla had no expression at all.
Layla had no idea of what was going on.
Layla had no idea that Sami loved her like that.
Layla had no idea what it was.
Layla had no idea what was going to happen.
Layla had no known accomplices.
Layla had no makeup.
Layla had no money and no job.
Layla had no mother to support her.
Layla had no shortage of men pursuing her.
Layla had no socks on.
Layla had no time to react.
Layla had nothing in common with her parents.
Layla had nothing to do with childcare.
Layla had nothing to do with it.
Layla had only one concern.
Layla had only one way out.
Layla had other plans.
Layla had other things in mind.
Layla had pictures of her in a bikini.
Layla had pink hair at the time.
Layla had plenty of enemies.
Layla had problems at school.
Layla had problems with drugs.
Layla had recently lost her mom and her dad was getting remarried.
Layla had religious inscriptions in her business card.
Layla had serious anger issues.
Layla had sex with people for drugs.
Layla had short brown hair.
Layla had six children at home.
Layla had so much hair.
Layla had some sexy pictures on Instagram.
Layla had some surprises in store.
Layla had some tea to spill on Sami.
Layla had some very loyal friends.
Layla had something special in mind.
Layla had such beautiful features.
Layla had that feeling again.
Layla had the capacity for moral reasoning.
Layla had the dress but not the shoes.
Layla had thick hair.
Layla had thirty minutes to arrive there.
Layla had this attraction to men.
Layla had those lifeless eyes of a traumatized person.
Layla had to act to save her life.
Layla had to cope with years of abuse and infidelity.
Layla had to cover up to enter the mosque.
Layla had to fight for her brother.
Layla had to get out of there.
Layla had to go.
Layla had to have been in the room when Sami was killed.
Layla had to keep her relationship with Sami a complete secret.
Layla had to make a stark choice: left or right.
Layla had to stop that.
Layla had to undergo another heart surgery.
Layla had to wash her hands four times to get rid of the blood.
Layla had two German shepherds.
Layla had two kids with Sami.
Layla had two sides to her.
Layla had very delicate features.
Layla had very pretty features.
Layla had virtually no coping skills.
Layla had warrants for her arrest.
Layla has Brazilian curly hair.
Layla has a baby.
Layla has a beautiful makeup collection.
Layla has a criminal record longer than her arm.
Layla has a dress.
Layla has a good hair salon.
Layla has a guy that she's talking to at school.
Layla has a husband.
Layla has a lot of babysitting experience.
Layla has a machete for protection.
Layla has a man in her room.
Layla has a man now.
Layla has a more feminine side.
Layla has a nice style about her.
Layla has a pretty face.
Layla has already changed her baby.
Layla has already picked her bridesmaids.
Layla has always dreamed of getting married.
Layla has always made it a point not to have kids until she was married.
Layla has always made it a point not to have kids until she was ready.
Layla has always wanted to have a business.
Layla has always wanted to have her own business.
Layla has an amazing dress.
Layla has barely stopped playing with dolls.
Layla has beautiful lips.
Layla has become a teacher and a mother.
Layla has become an important part of Sami's life.
Layla has been a single mother for years for me and my brother.
Layla has been admiring Sami for a while.
Layla has been badly beaten.
Layla has been betrayed and humiliated by Sami.
Layla has been brushing her hair for half an hour.
Layla has been drinking since she was ten years old.
Layla has been drinking. You can smell it on her breath.
Layla has been giving blow jobs to the dudes of the football team in the locker room.
Layla has been gone a long time.
Layla has been having an affair with Salima's husband.
Layla has been having an affair with a married doctor.
Layla has been missing for two days.
Layla has been murdered.
Layla has been planning this for months.
Layla has been raised to be honorable and respectable.
Layla has been remarried.
Layla has been robbing banks.
Layla has been saved from sex trafficking.
Layla has been seeing a counselor twice a month.
Layla has been seeing somebody else.
Layla has been seeing someone else.
Layla has been sneaking out of the house.
Layla has been thinking about wearing the hijab for a while.
Layla has been to nail salons before.
Layla has big boobs, too.
Layla has big boobs.
Layla has done her job.
Layla has done something really bad this time.
Layla has eloped with Fadil.
Layla has eloped with Sami.
Layla has experience with babysitting multiple kids at the same time.
Layla has fabulous fingers.
Layla has finally found something she thinks she can trust.
Layla has found a new man and she's determined not to let him go.
Layla has gorgeous lips.
Layla has got a new man.
Layla has got a special date today.
Layla has got something to say.
Layla has got twin girls.
Layla has gotten used to that lifestyle.
Layla has had a wonderful time in Egypt.
Layla has had enough.
Layla has her own version of what happened that night.
Layla has just been born.
Layla has just done her hair.
Layla has just escaped an armed robbery.
Layla has just finished her hair.
Layla has just given birth.
Layla has just got her period.
Layla has just had a baby.
Layla has just learned that her husband is having an affair with his receptionist.
Layla has just murdered her husband.
Layla has just murdered her wife.
Layla has just passed.
Layla has just remodeled her condo.
Layla has made some horrible decisions in her life.
Layla has multiple partners.
Layla has natural hair.
Layla has never been a cheerleader before.
Layla has never been to a school dance.
Layla has never been to any high school party.
Layla has never been with a guy for over a year.
Layla has never had a sugar daddy before.
Layla has never seen a camel in her life.
Layla has never seen anything like that.
Layla has never talked to a boy on the phone.
Layla has no experience taking care of children.
Layla has no income and must rely on Sami.
Layla has no pity for the people who betrayed her.
Layla has probably run off again.
Layla has recently moved to Cairo.
Layla has scars on her hands.
Layla has set up a shrine for her missing husband.
Layla has some things she has to do.
Layla has the most beautiful lips in the entire world.
Layla has to accept her motherhood.
Layla has to be here for her babies.
Layla has to change plans.
Layla has to do her hair by herself.
Layla has to find her way out.
Layla has to get there tonight.
Layla has to go now.
Layla has to wear a hijab.
Layla has to wear the hijab.
Layla has two sets of brushes.
Layla has worn her hijab all her life.
Layla hasn't been pregnant before.
Layla hasn't finished high school.
Layla hasn't got any energy left.
Layla hasn't seen Sami since Christmas.
Layla hasn't worn the jewelry yet.
Layla hated Sami.
Layla hated her little brother.
Layla hated white people.
Layla hates dudes that have kids.
Layla hates hijab.
Layla hates me and I know that she wants me dead.
Layla hates that hair salon.
Layla hates waitressing.
Layla headed back to Cairo.
Layla headed straight home.
Layla heard Jim talking about killing a black teacher.
Layla heard Sami and Salima arguing.
Layla heard Sami say that.
Layla heard Sami talking about killing the principal.
Layla heard a car pull up.
Layla heard a familiar sound.
Layla heard a familiar voice.
Layla heard a knock on the door.
Layla heard a loud noise.
Layla heard a noise outside.
Layla heard about the kidnapping.
Layla heard an engine going.
Layla heard an engine.
Layla heard her cellphone ringing.
Layla heard strange noises.
Layla heard the door slam open.
Layla heard the door slam.
Layla heard the gunshot.
Layla heard the noise.
Layla heard the other car pull up.
Layla heard the shots.
Layla heard the wild dogs howling.
Layla held the gun.
Layla hid behind a tree.
Layla hid in a boat.
Layla hid the knife in her sleeve.
Layla hijacked a car.
Layla hired a dog trainer.
Layla hired a hitman to kill her former husband.
Layla hit Sami.
Layla honked the horn.
Layla hooked up with Fadil for his money.
Layla hoped Fadil would leave his wife some day.
Layla hoped Sami would leave his wife some day.
Layla hoped for a piece of the American dream.
Layla hoped to find the truth.
Layla hoped to work for a wealthy single man.
Layla hopes to find true love to forget about Sami.
Layla hopped in the car and took off.
Layla hopped in the car.
Layla hopped on Sami's bike.
Layla humiliated Sami in front of his friends.
Layla hung out with rumored Satanists.
Layla identified Sami's body at the morgue.
Layla immediately ran downstairs.
Layla immediately wanted to meet Sami.
Layla immersed herself in religion.
Layla initially thought the body was a deer carcass.
Layla intended to kill herself.
Layla invited Sami over.
Layla invited Sami to a dinner.
Layla is Djiboutian.
Layla is Egyptian.
Layla is Fadil's baby girl.
Layla is Malaysian.
Layla is Muslim and she has to wear the hijab.
Layla is Muslim.
Layla is Palestinian.
Layla is Salima's maid of honor.
Layla is Sami's Sunday school teacher.
Layla is Sami's actual girlfriend.
Layla is Sami's administrative assistant.
Layla is Sami's assistant.
Layla is Sami's baby sister.
Layla is Sami's bitch.
Layla is Sami's currently girlfriend.
Layla is Sami's ex-stepsister.
Layla is Sami's female dog.
Layla is Sami's girlfriend and the mother of his child.
Layla is Sami's girlfriend.
Layla is Sami's little stepsister.
Layla is Sami's milk mother.
Layla is Sami's new girlfriend.
Layla is Sami's new kindergarten teacher.
Layla is Sami's older sister.
Layla is Sami's private nurse.
Layla is Sami's stepdaughter.
Layla is Sami's stepsister.
Layla is Sami's youngest child.
Layla is Syrian.
Layla is a Bahraini citizen.
Layla is a Cairo native.
Layla is a Djiboutian citizen.
Layla is a Muslim woman and she wears the hijab.
Layla is a Muslim woman.
Layla is a Pakistani citizen.
Layla is a Qatari citizen.
Layla is a Somali citizen.
Layla is a bad influence on Salima.
Layla is a beautiful black girl.
Layla is a bitch.
Layla is a bitch. She really is.
Layla is a black girl.
Layla is a close-minded arrogant person.
Layla is a cocktail waitress.
Layla is a devout churchgoer.
Layla is a dirty slut.
Layla is a few months pregnant.
Layla is a fucking bitch.
Layla is a girl and you're not.
Layla is a girl.
Layla is a good actress.
Layla is a good friend of Salima's.
Layla is a grandma.
Layla is a great mom.
Layla is a grown woman.
Layla is a grown-ass woman now.
Layla is a hairdresser now.
Layla is a hairdresser.
Layla is a hairstylist.
Layla is a hijab stylist.
Layla is a hijabi now.
Layla is a hijabi.
Layla is a homewrecker.
Layla is a homewrecking bitch.
Layla is a hostess.
Layla is a kindergarten teacher.
Layla is a lead singer in a punk band.
Layla is a lesbian.
Layla is a little girl.
Layla is a makeup artist.
Layla is a married mother of six lovely children.
Layla is a mom now.
Layla is a mom of six kids now.
Layla is a mother of six, living in the south west of England.
Layla is a movie actress without money.
Layla is a neglected housewife.
Layla is a nice girl.
Layla is a nursing supervisor at the clinic.
Layla is a party girl.
Layla is a pretty girl.
Layla is a pretty name.
Layla is a pretty talkative girl.
Layla is a private nurse now.
Layla is a prostitute.
Layla is a real bitch.
Layla is a really dogmatic and close-minded person.
Layla is a sad widow.
Layla is a self-absorbed woman.
Layla is a self-centered person.
Layla is a sex worker.
Layla is a smart lady.
Layla is a socialite.
Layla is a spoilt daddy's girl.
Layla is a tall bitch.
Layla is a teenage girl.
Layla is a threat to public safety.
Layla is a translator.
Layla is a translator. A job she treasures.
Layla is a typical Cairo girl.
Layla is a very nice lady.
Layla is a whore.
Layla is a woman and she knows.
Layla is a woman now.
Layla is a woman to fear.
Layla is a woman.
Layla is a wonderful cook.
Layla is a wonderful lady.
Layla is acting as if she were a rich lady.
Layla is actually a tremendous woman.
Layla is afraid of rats.
Layla is alive.
Layla is also a kindergarten teacher.
Layla is also missing.
Layla is always casting doubt.
Layla is always going to be your daughter.
Layla is always playing the victim role.
Layla is always so fashionable.
Layla is always tired.
Layla is amazing.
Layla is an African-American woman.
Layla is an Arabic interpreter.
Layla is an Egyptian citizen.
Layla is an Egyptian hostess.
Layla is an English interpreter.
Layla is an Omani citizen.
Layla is an administrative assistant.
Layla is an angel.
Layla is an anger-prone person.
Layla is an annoying bitch.
Layla is an old lady.
Layla is argumentative and arrogant.
Layla is armed and dangerous.
Layla is around boys all the times.
Layla is back now.
Layla is back.
Layla is beautiful in her own way.
Layla is behind bars.
Layla is being a mom for the first time.
Layla is carrying my baby.
Layla is causing problems.
Layla is coming back.
Layla is coming to the prom but she doesn't have a date.
Layla is dating Sami's brother.
Layla is dating a rich guy.
Layla is dating this guy.
Layla is determined to find out what happened.
Layla is different.
Layla is dishevelled today.
Layla is doing YouTube videos about the hijab.
Layla is doing her hair.
Layla is doing her makeup in the bathroom.
Layla is doing her makeup.
Layla is done with guys.
Layla is educated and very sentimental.
Layla is engaged to be married.
Layla is expecting a baby and it's Sami's, of course.
Layla is expecting a child.
Layla is expecting.
Layla is fat and ugly.
Layla is fifty now.
Layla is fine as hell.
Layla is five now.
Layla is forbidden fruit. She's married.
Layla is getting closer to the truth.
Layla is getting her hair done.
Layla is getting her nails done.
Layla is going superstitious.
Layla is going to come back and kill Sami.
Layla is going to come back pregnant.
Layla is going to get her makeup done in a minute.
Layla is going to have a baby with Sami.
Layla is going to have a baby.
Layla is going to kill Sami.
Layla is going to look like a pregnant woman.
Layla is going to take care of this.
Layla is going to take the pregnancy test again.
Layla is going to wear hijab today.
Layla is going to wear hijab.
Layla is going to wear the hijab for ever.
Layla is gonna die a spinster.
Layla is gonna die.
Layla is gonna do it again.
Layla is gonna do the right thing.
Layla is gonna handle this.
Layla is gonna keep that baby.
Layla is gonna love this hat.
Layla is gonna tell you what happened.
Layla is gorgeous.
Layla is growing up.
Layla is hanging out with that good-for-nothing.
Layla is having an affair with the mayor.
Layla is ignoring me.
Layla is in a motel somewhere with Sami.
Layla is in her own right to wear the hijab.
Layla is in jail and that's where she needs to be.
Layla is in love with this coat.
Layla is in love with this hair.
Layla is in love with this wig.
Layla is in the outback.
Layla is in the parking lot right now.
Layla is incapable of caring about anyone but herself.
Layla is just a girl.
Layla is just a regular girl.
Layla is just like her mother.
Layla is just miserly.
Layla is just my type of girl.
Layla is just my type.
Layla is keeping her hijab on.
Layla is like my sister.
Layla is looking for help.
Layla is lovely and beautiful.
Layla is lovely and gorgeous.
Layla is lucky to be alive.
Layla is lying to us.
Layla is married and it's a military.
Layla is married to a little nobody.
Layla is married to a woman.
Layla is messing up people's hair.
Layla is more attractive now.
Layla is more ugly now than she was then.
Layla is much prettier than Salima.
Layla is my child's mother and she will always have that position.
Layla is my first female pet.
Layla is my homeboy's sister.
Layla is my homegirl.
Layla is my little sister.
Layla is my only sister.
Layla is my sister's friend.
Layla is my sister-in-law.
Layla is naked.
Layla is never going to see Sami again.
Layla is no longer accepted at that salon.
Layla is not Sami's girlfriend.
Layla is not Sami's mother.
Layla is not a party girl.
Layla is not a virgin.
Layla is not around lesbians.
Layla is not even interested in men.
Layla is not looking for drama.
Layla is not pregnant.
Layla is not the only girl in Sami's life.
Layla is not the same girl now as when she was 16.
Layla is not wearing any foundation.
Layla is not your girlfriend.
Layla is not your mom.
Layla is not your mother.
Layla is not your wife.
Layla is now 13.
Layla is now getting closer to the truth.
Layla is now homeless.
Layla is old enough to have children.
Layla is on an early release program.
Layla is one of those girls who, when they say "no", they mean "yes."
Layla is one of your sister's best friends.
Layla is out of danger.
Layla is painting her toes.
Layla is planning to start wearing the hijab.
Layla is pregnant again.
Layla is pregnant and guess who the father is.
Layla is pregnant and it's an answer to our prayers.
Layla is pregnant and she is due next month.
Layla is pregnant now.
Layla is pregnant with Sami's baby.
Layla is pregnant with Sami's child.
Layla is pregnant.
Layla is pregnant. She's having a baby.
Layla is probably dead now.
Layla is probably dead.
Layla is ready for the dance.
Layla is really here.
Layla is really sweet.
Layla is responsible.
Layla is responsible. Make no mistake about it.
Layla is screwing while her husband, who has no idea, is in his room, sleeping.
Layla is self-absorbed and arrogant.
Layla is simply unbearable.
Layla is sleeping in the guest room.
Layla is smart.
Layla is so beautiful and so thin.
Layla is so cute.
Layla is so into clothing.
Layla is so into fashion.
Layla is so jealous.
Layla is so pretty.
Layla is still girly.
Layla is still in danger.
Layla is still not wearing the hijab.
Layla is still serving time in Egypt.
Layla is still the same Layla.
Layla is still with the same guy.
Layla is still working to regain her ability to speak.
Layla is still working to regain her health.
Layla is suffering ten times worse than you are.
Layla is super sweet.
Layla is sure she is pregnant.
Layla is taking off her hijab.
Layla is the apple of her father Sami Fadil's eye.
Layla is the assistant of the hairstylist.
Layla is the author of Harry Potter.
Layla is the beauty manager.
Layla is the best daughter in the world.
Layla is the best thing in my life.
Layla is the best thing in this world.
Layla is the bride.
Layla is the daughter of a rich Egyptian entrepreneur.
Layla is the lady of the house.
Layla is the mother of my child.
Layla is the mother of my children.
Layla is the one to blame for what happened to Sami.
Layla is the only noticeable Muslim in this whole high school.
Layla is the only woman I love.
Layla is the principal's daughter.
Layla is the wife of Sami Bakir.
Layla is the wife of a minister.
Layla is the woman I love.
Layla is the woman Sami is marrying.
Layla is the woman Sami was having an affair with.
Layla is the woman who was cheating on her husband.
Layla is tired of Fadil's infidelity.
Layla is totally covered.
Layla is trying to kill Sami.
Layla is trying to talk to her man.
Layla is unresponsive but she's breathing.
Layla is up to no good.
Layla is usually the last person to know when someone has feelings for her.
Layla is very happy with her decision to wear the hijab.
Layla is very pretty.
Layla is wearing a dress.
Layla is wearing a gown.
Layla is wearing a hijab now.
Layla is wearing a hijab.
Layla is wearing a new scarf.
Layla is wearing an amazing dress.
Layla is wearing hijab.
Layla is wearing the hijab for God's sake.
Layla is wearing the hijab.
Layla is wearing the same outfit today.
Layla is wearing the ugliest dress.
Layla is wearing those heart earrings.
Layla is with a boy.
Layla is worried about you.
Layla is your daughter.
Layla is your mother.
Layla isn't Sami's mom.
Layla isn't Sami's wife.
Layla isn't a party girl.
Layla isn't a runaway.
Layla isn't a virgin.
Layla isn't carrying my child.
Layla isn't crazy.
Layla isn't doing well.
Layla isn't from Sami's high school.
Layla isn't going to do your hair anymore.
Layla isn't in love anymore.
Layla isn't looking for drama.
Layla isn't quite sure who the father of her son is.
Layla isn't so bad.
Layla isn't the first girl to fall under Sami's spell.
Layla isn't trying to be sexy. She's just trying to be cute.
Layla isn't wearing any foundation.
Layla isn't wearing the hijab properly.
Layla isn't with Sami.
Layla isn't your wife.
Layla jogged off.
Layla joined a neo-Nazi camp.
Layla joined a popular online dating service.
Layla joined a white-supremacy group.
Layla joined the long list of Sami's ex-wives.
Layla jumped a girl.
Layla jumped in her car and drove off.
Layla jumped out of a car.
Layla jumped out of her car.
Layla jumped out of the car.
Layla jumped out of the moving car.
Layla jumped out the window to save her life.
Layla just bought this wig.
Layla just called me.
Layla just closed her eyes and passed away.
Layla just couldn't believe it.
Layla just cried.
Layla just decided to wear her hijab again.
Layla just doesn't care about me anymore.
Layla just got crazy.
Layla just had a bad feeling.
Layla just kept driving.
Layla just kept looking.
Layla just kept screaming for help.
Layla just kept screaming.
Layla just kept swimming.
Layla just kept walking.
Layla just kept yelling.
Layla just loves drama.
Layla just said welcome to hell.
Layla just started screaming and crying.
Layla just wanted to get her hair done.
Layla just wants to be happy.
Layla keeps her skin so nice.
Layla kept Sami company.
Layla kept an eye on Sami.
Layla kept catching Sami's eye.
Layla kept driving.
Layla kept glancing at my brother.
Layla kept her hijab on.
Layla kept her home like a model home.
Layla kept looking at Sami.
Layla kept looking back at Sami.
Layla kept moving.
Layla kept repeating that.
Layla kept saying she didn't know.
Layla kept swimming.
Layla kept the ring.
Layla kept to herself a lot.
Layla kept writing to her lover.
Layla kicked Sami in the butt.
Layla killed Sami and then fled.
Layla killed Sami over money.
Layla killed Sami to save her life.
Layla killed Sami with several blows to the back of the head.
Layla killed her dog.
Layla killed her grandparents at age fifteen.
Layla killed her husbands for money. She was a classic black widow.
Layla killed in self-defense.
Layla killed innocent and defenseless babies.
Layla killed the wrong person.
Layla kissed Sami back.
Layla kissed Sami in public to prove that she was all his.
Layla kissed Sami in public.
Layla kissed Sami softly on the mouth.
Layla knew Sami all too well.
Layla knew Sami had a wife.
Layla knew Sami through one of her friends.
Layla knew Sami's voice.
Layla knew all the hookers of the neighborhood.
Layla knew every inch of this terrain.
Layla knew everything about camels.
Layla knew her marriage was bad.
Layla knew how to hook a man.
Layla knew it was Sami.
Layla knew more than she was telling us.
Layla knew people were trying to find her.
Layla knew she couldn't have a child.
Layla knew she didn't have much time left.
Layla knew she was attractive.
Layla knew she was in trouble.
Layla knew something bad was about to happen.
Layla knew something was wrong.
Layla knew that Fadil was a warm-hearted generous person.
Layla knew that Sami had a girlfriend.
Layla knew that Sami was a married man.
Layla knew that Sami was a warm-hearted generous person.
Layla knew that her brother was coming home.
Layla knew that her marriage was going to end.
Layla knew that ranch like the back of her hand.
Layla knew that she couldn't physically overpower Sami.
Layla knew that she was in serious trouble.
Layla knew that she was making the right choice by wearing the hijab.
Layla knew that she would have to wear the hijab some day.
Layla knew that something terrible had happened.
Layla knew that the flowers were from Sami.
Layla knew that the gun wasn't real.
Layla knew that wearing the hijab was a big commitment.
Layla knew too much.
Layla knew who he was.
Layla knows a good hair salon.
Layla knows her guy.
Layla knows she hasn't got long to live.
Layla knows that Salima wants to wear the hijab.
Layla knows that every guy says that.
Layla laughed about it later.
Layla launched a legal action to gain custody of her three children.
Layla lay dead.
Layla lay on the side of the freeway.
Layla leaned over and whispered something in Sami's ear.
Layla leapt to safety.
Layla learned about his religion.
Layla learned about makeup.
Layla left Sami a few days after Christmas.
Layla left Sami alive.
Layla left Sami for another man.
Layla left Sami unsatisfied.
Layla left Sami with Salima.
Layla left Sami.
Layla left a message on the table.
Layla left her cellphone in her car.
Layla left her husband out in the cold.
Layla left her keys and phone in her car.
Layla left her makeup back at home.
Layla left her medication in the camp.
Layla left her purse at home.
Layla left her soiled panties and left them in the hallway for everybody to see.
Layla left high school.
Layla left just before nine PM.
Layla left school at noon.
Layla left the country club with Sami.
Layla left the house before 9 PM.
Layla left the house.
Layla left to play basketball.
Layla left with the kids.
Layla let Sami drive.
Layla let Sami in the house.
Layla lied on the side of the road, motionless.
Layla lied only to get more of Fadil's love.
Layla lied only to get more of Sami's love.
Layla lied to Sami.
Layla lied to protect Sami.
Layla liked Sami's car.
Layla liked doing mom things.
Layla liked drama.
Layla liked her high school.
Layla liked supporting Sami and his team.
Layla liked the kissing.
Layla liked the party.
Layla liked to keep to herself.
Layla liked to play Monopoly.
Layla likes girls.
Layla likes long wigs.
Layla likes makeup.
Layla likes to draw attention to herself.
Layla lit up a cigarette.
Layla lived a charmed life.
Layla lived a few miles away.
Layla lived a good life.
Layla lived a remote life in the depths of France.
Layla lived in Cairo.
Layla lived in a comfortable house.
Layla lived in a neighborhood where anybody would like to raise a family.
Layla lived in a neighborhood where people couldn't come out of their homes.
Layla lived in a relatively remote area.
Layla lived in a remote and desolate part of Australia.
Layla lived in a residential area.
Layla lived in a rural area.
Layla lived in a sleepy town next door New Jersey.
Layla lived in a very wealthy part of London.
Layla lived in a very wealthy suburb of New York.
Layla lived in an upper-middle-class neighborhood.
Layla lived in rural England.
Layla lived in the shadow of big sister Salima.
Layla lived nearby.
Layla lived north of Cairo.
Layla lived on a sprawling ranch.
Layla lived only a few miles away.
Layla lives by the lessons of the Good Book.
Layla lives by the teachings of the Bible.
Layla lives in Aleppo, Syria.
Layla lives in Amman.
Layla lives in Baghdad.
Layla lives in Damascus.
Layla lives in Djibouti.
Layla lives in Setif, Algeria.
Layla lives in Yemen.
Layla lives in a country where the hijab is not very accepted.
Layla lives in the heart of Silicon Valley.
Layla locked her car.
Layla locked her door.
Layla locked her son Sami in the basement.
Layla locked the car.
Layla locked the door.
Layla looked amazing on her wedding day.
Layla looked amazing.
Layla looked around and realized that she got lost.
Layla looked at Sami and she started crying.
Layla looked at Sami with a bewildered look.
Layla looked at Sami.
Layla looked at me as if there was something wrong.
Layla looked awesome.
Layla looked back through the window.
Layla looked beautiful.
Layla looked behind her first.
Layla looked behind her.
Layla looked better without her hijab.
Layla looked closer.
Layla looked cute.
Layla looked good.
Layla looked innocent but she was dangerous to love.
Layla looked like a Bollywood actress.
Layla looked like a church lady.
Layla looked like a dude.
Layla looked like a little girl.
Layla looked like a normal suburban housewife.
Layla looked like she had been beaten.
Layla looked like she had been drinking.
Layla looked me dead in the eye.
Layla looked out the window and saw Sami's car.
Layla looked out the window.
Layla looked perfect.
Layla looked pretty.
Layla looked so cute.
Layla looked so gorgeous.
Layla looked so hurt.
Layla looked very similar to Sami's sister.
Layla looks absolutely gorgeous.
Layla looks amazing today.
Layla looks amazing.
Layla looks awfully pretty today.
Layla looks beautiful in her pictures.
Layla looks beautiful.
Layla looks fantastic.
Layla looks hideous.
Layla looks like a dude.
Layla looks like absolute perfection.
Layla looks like her little sister.
Layla looks pretty today.
Layla looks pretty.
Layla looks so beautiful.
Layla looks so cute.
Layla looks so fantastic today.
Layla looks so gorgeous.
Layla looks so pretty.
Layla looks stunning.
Layla looks very pretty today.
Layla looks very pretty.
Layla lost a child.
Layla lost a lot of blood.
Layla lost a lot of money.
Layla lost a lot of weight.
Layla lost a substantial amount of money.
Layla lost an opportunity.
Layla lost everything.
Layla lost her company after a bitter legal dispute with a supplier.
Layla lost her company.
Layla lost her gun.
Layla lost her hotel room key.
Layla lost her house and her life.
Layla lost her job.
Layla lost her life.
Layla lost her money.
Layla lost her position.
Layla lost her virginity.
Layla lost her virtue.
Layla lost interest in that.
Layla lost sight of Sami.
Layla lost the key for her hotel room.
Layla lost the key to her room.
Layla lost touch with Sami.
Layla lost two children.
Layla loved Sami very much.
Layla loved babysitting.
Layla loved being on the stage.
Layla loved drama.
Layla loved her natural hair.
Layla loved high school drama.
Layla loved horses.
Layla loved making new friendships.
Layla loved that dude.
Layla loved the country life.
Layla loved the country lifestyle.
Layla loved the makeup so much.
Layla loved the way Salima wore hijab.
Layla loved this hijab.
Layla loved to see and be seen.
Layla loved to show off.
Layla loved to wear this hijab.
Layla loved volleyball.
Layla loves Disney princesses.
Layla loves anything romantic.
Layla loves beauty products.
Layla loves gossiping.
Layla loves having pink hair.
Layla loves her partner.
Layla loves makeup.
Layla loves rollercoasters.
Layla loves the hijab.
Layla loves the real estate business.
Layla loves you all.
Layla lured Sami to her house.
Layla made Fadil cookies.
Layla made Salima do her hair.
Layla made Sami feel like he had known her forever.
Layla made Sami pay.
Layla made Sami very happy.
Layla made a big mistake.
Layla made a decision that she was going to end it that night.
Layla made a deposit at the bank.
Layla made a false report.
Layla made a fortune.
Layla made a good choice.
Layla made a good living from vulnerable men.
Layla made a personal call.
Layla made a phone call at nine o'clock.
Layla made a potato salad for the party.
Layla made a shocking discovery.
Layla made an error that would cost her life.
Layla made an odd decision.
Layla made an uncomfortable decision.
Layla made copies of Sami's car keys.
Layla made her millions by selling paper.
Layla made her own decision to wear the hijab.
Layla made it clear that she was willing to dance for money.
Layla made makeup tutorials.
Layla made meals for Sami.
Layla made millions of dollars.
Layla made some terrible decisions in her life.
Layla made some terrible mistakes in her life.
Layla made the decision of wearing the hijab.
Layla made the most important decision of her life.
Layla made the right choice.
Layla made the right decision.
Layla maintained her innocence.
Layla makes all women look young.
Layla makes my lunch.
Layla managed to crawl to the doorway.
Layla managed to jump out of the car.
Layla married Fadil for his money.
Layla married a man in his eighties.
Layla married a naval officer.
Layla married an extremely violent man.
Layla married at 19 or 20.
Layla married her husband number four, Sami Majid, in 2002.
Layla may be a tomboy, but she's a girl, too.
Layla may have been involved in the robbery.
Layla may have found new love.
Layla mentioned the break-up to Sami.
Layla messed up Salima's hair.
Layla messed up my hair.
Layla met Sami and they immediately started dating.
Layla met Sami at high school.
Layla met Sami who, at thirty, was twice her age.
Layla met Sami's friends.
Layla met a boy that day.
Layla met a boy.
Layla met a really sweet guy.
Layla met a tall attractive young man.
Layla might be pregnant.
Layla might do anything to please Sami.
Layla might get pregnant.
Layla might have disappeared by choice.
Layla miraculously survived the attack.
Layla missed a chance of rescue.
Layla missed a meeting with Sami.
Layla missed her period and was getting a little worried.
Layla misses having long hair.
Layla mopped and swept the house.
Layla moved Sami's hand every time he tried to touch her up.
Layla moved a thousand miles and a world away from Sami.
Layla moved away.
Layla moved closer to death with every step.
Layla moved home to be with her mother.
Layla moved in with her boyfriend.
Layla moved in.
Layla moved into a battered-women's shelter.
Layla moved out of Sami's mansion.
Layla moved to Egypt, leaving Sami heartbroken.
Layla moved to the back seat.
Layla moved toward Sami and kissed him.
Layla moved toward Sami.
Layla murdered her entire family.
Layla murdered her own child.
Layla must jump now.
Layla mutilated and killed small animals.
Layla named her daughters Salima and Farida.
Layla nearly died.
Layla needed Sami's help.
Layla needed a dress.
Layla needed a new foundation.
Layla needed all of Sami's attention.
Layla needed her father's protection.
Layla needed some cash.
Layla needed to feel loved.
Layla needed to get out of here.
Layla needed to get rid of a dead body much larger than herself.
Layla needed to go back to her house.
Layla needed to know that she was loved.
Layla needed to take a shower.
Layla needed to take the car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
Layla needs to get another pregnancy test.
Layla needs to go back home.
Layla needs to look behind her first.
Layla needs to stay covered up.
Layla needs to take her hijab off.
Layla never answered my question.
Layla never believed that she could survive without Sami.
Layla never came to Salima's bachelorette's party.
Layla never dated a white guy before.
Layla never dates strangers.
Layla never denied that she killed Sami.
Layla never did anything.
Layla never gave Sami a second look.
Layla never gets nervous around guys.
Layla never got in trouble.
Layla never made it back home.
Layla never realized there was a ranch that size.
Layla never rode the bus before.
Layla never saw Sami again.
Layla never thought Sami would hurt her.
Layla never told the police about Sami's call.
Layla never told the police about Sami's visit.
Layla never told the police about that.
Layla never took her hijab off.
Layla never wanted to be a mother.
Layla never wanted to be a stripper.
Layla never wears abayas.
Layla never wears an abaya.
Layla never wears her hijab like this.
Layla never wears makeup.
Layla never wears necklaces.
Layla never woke up.
Layla never wore the jewelry.
Layla never worked.
Layla never, ever babysat again.
Layla not only fell deeply in love with Fadil, but she also thought that he was the perfect stepfather for her daughter.
Layla noticed Sami's car parked in a parking lot.
Layla noticed Sami's presence.
Layla noticed Sami.
Layla noticed blood dripping from the steering wheel of Sami's car.
Layla noticed blue lights in her rear-view mirror.
Layla noticed changes in her son.
Layla notified police.
Layla nursed her daughter.
Layla obtained a nursing certificate.
Layla offered Sami some favors. You know what I mean.
Layla offered a 100,000 dollar reward for anyone who could help her find Sami.
Layla only had one leg.
Layla only massages females.
Layla only sees one solution.
Layla opened a door.
Layla opened fire and killed the assailant.
Layla opened her eyes.
Layla opened the closet.
Layla opened the door for Sami.
Layla opened the door.
Layla opened the trunk.
Layla opened up the diaper bag.
Layla ordered Sami to stop the car.
Layla ordered a meal for Sami.
Layla ordered a steak.
Layla ordered cyanide online.
Layla organized a get-together with her kids.
Layla outsmarted Sami.
Layla overcome her insecurities about wearing the hijab.
Layla overheard Sami talking on the phone with his mistress.
Layla owned a huge estate in Texas.
Layla owned a seventeen acre farm.
Layla packed her bags and moved to Cairo.
Layla packed her bags.
Layla paid Sami to kill Fadil.
Layla paid Sami.
Layla paid attention to nothing.
Layla paid for dinner and left Sami.
Layla paid for the taxi.
Layla paid for the wedding dress in full.
Layla paid someone to kill Sami.
Layla panicked and screamed.
Layla panicked.
Layla parked at the lake.
Layla parked her car.
Layla parked in the parking lot.
Layla passed away three days after she was poisoned. She was sixteen years old.
Layla peed in her panties.
Layla peed in her pants.
Layla peed on the stick and it came up positive.
Layla picked up her purse and left the room.
Layla placed her loyalty in the hands of a person she shouldn't have.
Layla placed many religious restrictions on her children.
Layla planned Salima's bachelorette's party.
Layla planned the murder with the intention of getting away with it.
Layla planned to rob a bank.
Layla played Fadil as a violin.
Layla played Sami as a violin.
Layla played a role in the crime.
Layla played into Sami's loneliness and seduced him.
Layla plays the tanbur.
Layla pleaded for her life.
Layla pled for Sami's help.
Layla poked her head into Sami's room.
Layla politely rejected Sami.
Layla posted some provocative pictures on Instagram.
Layla practised the BDSM lifestyle.
Layla prayed for forgiveness.
Layla preferred a more romantic place.
Layla preferred to spend her time out of the house.
Layla prefers the second option.
Layla prepared Fadil his favorite meal.
Layla prepared Sami his favorite meal.
Layla prepared herself to die.
Layla pretty much cried every day.
Layla prioritizes her own activities and interests.
Layla probably arrived home before midnight.
Layla probably knew more than she was telling us.
Layla probably recognized that something was wrong with her.
Layla promised God to save herself for marriage.
Layla promised Sami a kiss.
Layla promised Sami she wouldn't look at anybody else.
Layla promised you that, didn't she?
Layla protected Sami.
Layla pulled Sami out of the car.
Layla pulled Sami's body out of the river.
Layla pulled out her gun.
Layla pulled over at a gas station convenience store.
Layla pulled over next to Sami.
Layla pulled up behind Sami's car.
Layla punished the girls for their father's failure.
Layla pushed Sami to the wall.
Layla put Salima under a dryer.
Layla put a lot of blush on her face.
Layla put a padlock on her door.
Layla put everything Sami had given her in a box.
Layla put her bicycle in the back of the building.
Layla put her cigarette out on Sami's new truck.
Layla put her hand on top of Sami's.
Layla put her hands on top of Sami's wound to stop the bleeding.
Layla put her headscarf on.
Layla put her heart and soul into her job.
Layla put her hijab on before she leaves her house.
Layla put her life, money, and future in Fadil's hands.
Layla put her phone back in her purse.
Layla put her shorts on.
Layla put on a hijab.
Layla put on a sun hat.
Layla put on her hijab.
Layla put on her wedding dress.
Layla put on weight since the children.
Layla put the GPS in the back of her vehicle.
Layla put the fire out with a garden hose.
Layla put the hijab on.
Layla put the money in a shoe box.
Layla put the money in her purse.
Layla put the money in the bag.
Layla put the money in the gym bag.
Layla put the money in the sack.
Layla put the money in the trunk.
Layla put up some lipstick.
Layla quickly became a pillar of her community.
Layla quickly burned through her cash.
Layla quickly burned through her insurance money.
Layla quickly burned through her money.
Layla quickly burned through the money she had robbed from the bank.
Layla quickly spotted the source of the odor.
Layla quit nursing.
Layla raised her two boys on her own.
Layla ran a private practise in her home.
Layla ran away from Sami.
Layla ran away from the orphanage to take her chances on the streets.
Layla ran away.
Layla ran for her life.
Layla ran off the road.
Layla ran off with Sami.
Layla ran to the parking lot.
Layla reached a tipping point.
Layla reached an Aboriginal settlement in safety.
Layla read every book she could find about camels.
Layla realized she had forgotten her purse in the car.
Layla realized she was no longer in love with Sami.
Layla realized that Sami was alive.
Layla realized that everybody was out looking for him.
Layla realized that her products were gone.
Layla realized that she was losing the battle.
Layla realized that she was swimming in a school of jellyfish.
Layla realized the mistake she made.
Layla realized there was no way out.
Layla realized things had gone too far and decided to take action.
Layla realized what was happening.
Layla really cared for Sami.
Layla really enjoyed the milk.
Layla really liked Sami.
Layla really liked that guy.
Layla really loves this person.
Layla really seemed enamored by Fadil from the very beginning.
Layla really thought that I wanted her man.
Layla really wanted to see Sami.
Layla rebelled against authority.
Layla recalled seeing Sami die before she blacked out.
Layla recalled seeing Sami die.
Layla received Sami's message hours later.
Layla received a couple of text messages from Sami after midnight.
Layla received a large bouquet from Sami.
Layla received a leaner sentence.
Layla received a ransom call.
Layla received a six-month probation sentence.
Layla received help.
Layla received threats from a skinhead movement.
Layla recently decided to wear the hijab.
Layla recognized Sami's face.
Layla recognized Sami.
Layla recovered physically but not emotionally.
Layla recovered physically.
Layla refused to explain herself.
Layla refused to have an abortion.
Layla refused to have sex with Sami.
Layla refused to waste time waiting around for Mr. Perfect.
Layla regained her ability to speak.
Layla regained her health.
Layla rejected Sami.
Layla rejected her boyfriend.
Layla remained skeptical.
Layla remembered Sami from junior high school.
Layla remembered being raped.
Layla remembers Sami from high school.
Layla remembers Sami.
Layla remembers absolutely nothing of the assault.
Layla removed the heavy carpet.
Layla rented an SUV.
Layla repaid Sami with sex.
Layla reported the fire.
Layla represented everything that Salima couldn't be.
Layla resented Sami.
Layla resented her little brother.
Layla resented the pressure to be like her sister.
Layla responded with a letter of her own.
Layla returned from work.
Layla returned home.
Layla returned to her room.
Layla returned to the camp where Sami was waiting for her.
Layla revealed detectives something they didn't expect.
Layla revealed that she was pregnant to her close friend Salima.
Layla revealed the truth.
Layla ripped the duct tape off her eyes.
Layla robbed Sami.
Layla robbed a bank twenty miles away from her home.
Layla robbed a bank.
Layla robbed a substantial amount of money from the bank.
Layla rocked the baby in her arms and sang him a lullaby.
Layla rode Sami's camel.
Layla rubbed Sami's hand.
Layla ruined Salima's hair.
Layla said goodbye to her boyfriend.
Layla said her hijab makes her feel great.
Layla said it on television.
Layla said nasty things to me.
Layla said nothing to nobody.
Layla said she feels naked without her headscarf.
Layla said she had a miscarriage.
Layla said she had killed Sami to see how it would feel.
Layla said she had tunnel vision.
Layla said she was expecting a child by me.
Layla said she was from Egypt.
Layla said she was on her period.
Layla said she was ugly.
Layla said she was with somebody.
Layla said that she was forced to kill Sami.
Layla said that she was going to cut Fadil's penis off with a knife.
Layla said that she was going to cut Sami's penis off with a knife.
Layla said that the hijab made her look less attractive.
Layla said what she wanted.
Layla sat and cried.
Layla sat down on Sami's lap.
Layla sat in the car.
Layla sat in the toilet seat and peed.
Layla sat on a man's lap.
Layla sat under a dryer for an hour.
Layla sat underneath that hairdryer.
Layla sat underneath the hairdryer for an hour.
Layla saved Sami's life.
Layla saved my life.
Layla saved our lives.
Layla saw Fadil as a patsy with a wallet.
Layla saw Sami as a patsy with a wallet.
Layla saw Sami as a ticket to the high life.
Layla saw Sami first.
Layla saw Sami on the ground.
Layla saw Sami's profile picture and she liked it.
Layla saw a guy dressed as a woman.
Layla saw a rifle in Sami's car.
Layla saw blue lights flashing behind her car.
Layla saw her father.
Layla saw her future husband.
Layla saw her kids off to school.
Layla saw in that a solution to her problem.
Layla saw it on the news.
Layla saw no other option.
Layla saw only one way out of this nightmare.
Layla saw some kangaroos in the outback.
Layla saw something horrifying.
Layla saw the blood trail leading to her parents' bodies.
Layla saw the plane flying around.
Layla says she feels naked without her hijab.
Layla scribbled something down.
Layla searched for a shelter.
Layla searched for a way out.
Layla secretly entered Sami's apartment.
Layla seemed a very loving mother.
Layla seemed cute and she was a nice girl.
Layla seemed excited.
Layla seemed sleepy.
Layla seemed to be a very sensitive girl.
Layla seemed to be more popular than Salima in that high school.
Layla seemed to be sympathetic to Sami's situation.
Layla seemed to have a devil in her.
Layla seized her chance to escape.
Layla selected a total of six bridesmaids.
Layla sent Sami a bathing-suit picture.
Layla sent Sami an online Christmas card.
Layla sent a picture of her boobs to Sami.
Layla sent some cash to Sami.
Layla served a year in prison.
Layla served only 12 years in prison on a second degree charge.
Layla set her sight on a career in the medical field.
Layla settled in Cairo, Egypt.
Layla settled in to her new life in an Egyptian prison cell.
Layla severed Sami's penis to make the killing look like a homosexual murder.
Layla severed Sami's penis.
Layla severed Sami's testicles.
Layla shamelessly kissed Sami in public to prove that she was all his.
Layla shared Fadil's hardline views.
Layla shared an apartment with Sami in Cairo.
Layla shared this information with the police.
Layla sharpened her nails.
Layla shaved her legs.
Layla shaved her pubic area.
Layla she wasn't ready to wear the hijab.
Layla shot Sami at close range.
Layla shot Sami between the eyes.
Layla shot Sami in the head while he slept.
Layla shot Sami in the head.
Layla shot Sami in the leg.
Layla shot Sami several times and she also stabbed him.
Layla shot Sami three times.
Layla shot Sami through his head.
Layla shot Sami through his right shoulder.
Layla shot Sami to save her life.
Layla shot Sami.
Layla shot her father in his stomach.
Layla shot her horses in the stable.
Layla shot her mother but she didn't die.
Layla shot herself in the head.
Layla shot nine times.
Layla shot the dog.
Layla should be put to death.
Layla should have followed that rule.
Layla should normally come back at six.
Layla should serve dinner now.
Layla should shut her mouth.
Layla should start wearing the headscarf.
Layla should take care of her kid.
Layla should wear the hijab.
Layla shouldn't be here today.
Layla shouldn't have asked Salima to be her maid of honor.
Layla showed Salima how to wear her Muslim headscarf.
Layla showed Sami around the store.
Layla showed Sami her pregnancy test.
Layla showed Sami her ring.
Layla showed Sami how to do it.
Layla showed her boobs.
Layla showed her false nails to Sami.
Layla showed her legs.
Layla showed her mother the ring on her hand.
Layla showed her stomach.
Layla showed up at Sami's party.
Layla shut the door.
Layla slammed on the brake.
Layla sleeps with a butcher knife under her pillow.
Layla slept in the guest room.
Layla slipped deeper into this abusive relationship.
Layla slipped into a deep depression over the loss of her best friend, Salima.
Layla smelt like urine.
Layla smiled at the bank teller.
Layla smoked pot.
Layla smuggled cannabis.
Layla snatched the phone out of Sami's hand.
Layla sneaked into Sami's office.
Layla snuck out at night.
Layla snuck out to go talk to Sami.
Layla sold her body to make some money.
Layla sold her company.
Layla soon discovered that Sami had been cheating on her.
Layla soon embraced the country lifestyle.
Layla sounded kind of young.
Layla sounded young.
Layla sounds like her mother.
Layla speaks Arabic at home.
Layla speaks Maltese.
Layla spelled out her name for the policeman.
Layla spent 48 hours without water.
Layla spent 8,000 pounds on clothing that month.
Layla spent a few years in prison.
Layla spent a long night alone in the outback.
Layla spent a long night alone.
Layla spent a long night in the cold.
Layla spent her life in front of the mirror.
Layla spent more than twenty thousand dollars on clothing.
Layla spent most of her time in front of the mirror.
Layla spent one year in prison.
Layla spent six hours at the hair salon.
Layla spent six hours in the shower.
Layla spoke Arabic but was American.
Layla spotted another of Sami's prints near the river.
Layla sprayed Sami with pepper spray.
Layla squeezed Sami's testicles.
Layla stabbed Sami again.
Layla started a company with her husband.
Layla started a fight with Fadil.
Layla started a fight with Sami.
Layla started a new life in Egypt.
Layla started a whole scene over this thing.
Layla started acting like a bitch towards me.
Layla started bawling.
Layla started changing the baby.
Layla started cleaning house for Sami.
Layla started considering divorce.
Layla started covering her head.
Layla started creating some drama in school.
Layla started crossing the line.
Layla started crying.
Layla started curling her hair.
Layla started dating Sami at high school.
Layla started dating Sami.
Layla started dating a fellow Egyptian immigrant called Sami.
Layla started dating a guy that she worked with.
Layla started dating a younger man who was in his twenties.
Layla started dating because she desperately wanted to find the perfect man.
Layla started disrespecting her husband.
Layla started driving towards the beach.
Layla started getting butterflies in her stomach.
Layla started going out to have sex with boys.
Layla started going out without the hijab.
Layla started hallucinating.
Layla started having sex with her own father.
Layla started having sexual encounters.
Layla started looking around.
Layla started losing her mind.
Layla started making YouTube videos for hijab.
Layla started off as a hostess at the restaurant where Sami worked at.
Layla started posting YouTube videos about hijab.
Layla started praying.
Layla started pretending she really enjoyed that.
Layla started prostituting for money.
Layla started questioning hijab.
Layla started reading books about neo-Nazi philosophy.
Layla started running.
Layla started screaming.
Layla started sobbing.
Layla started spending her insurance money.
Layla started stabbing Sami.
Layla started straightening Salima's hair.
Layla started struggling with hijab again.
Layla started struggling with wearing hijab.
Layla started talking about how great Sami was.
Layla started to cry right away.
Layla started to develop this "me-against-the-world" mentality.
Layla started to do her hair.
Layla started to do my makeup.
Layla started to feel free again.
Layla started to really enjoy wearing the hijab.
Layla started to scream.
Layla started to talk to him.
Layla started to wear hijab after she got married.
Layla started to wear hijab.
Layla started to wear the hijab again.
Layla started to wear the hijab in 2006.
Layla started to wear the hijab in her junior year.
Layla started to wear the hijab properly.
Layla started to wear the hijab.
Layla started to wear the scarf before she became a Muslim.
Layla started using LSD.
Layla started using heroin.
Layla started watching YouTube tutorials about how to wear the Islamic scarf.
Layla started wearing a crop top jacket.
Layla started wearing her hijab in middle school.
Layla started wearing hijab after she got engaged.
Layla started wearing long-sleeved shirts.
Layla started wearing that hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab after her wedding.
Layla started wearing the hijab around Ramadan.
Layla started wearing the hijab at a very young age.
Layla started wearing the hijab before her wedding.
Layla started wearing the hijab before the age of sixteen.
Layla started wearing the hijab during Ramadan and kept it on after that month.
Layla started wearing the hijab every day.
Layla started wearing the hijab for the sake of God.
Layla started wearing the hijab in 2006.
Layla started wearing the hijab in Ramadan.
Layla started wearing the hijab in front of her parents again.
Layla started wearing the hijab in her teen years.
Layla started wearing the hijab in mid-semester.
Layla started wearing the hijab towards the end of her senior year.
Layla started wearing the hijab when she was sixteen.
Layla started wearing the hijab when she went to high school.
Layla started wearing the hijab.
Layla started wearing the scarf before even becoming Muslim.
Layla started wearing the scarf in front of her parents again.
Layla started wearing the scarf in front of her parents.
Layla started yelling in pain.
Layla started yelling.
Layla stayed at her boyfriend's house.
Layla stayed away from Sami.
Layla stayed away.
Layla stayed in the house with Sami.
Layla stayed in the marriage until 2005.
Layla stayed put and waited for help.
Layla stepped out of the vehicle.
Layla still feels that pain.
Layla still felt like the black sheep of the family.
Layla still had her diamond ring on.
Layla still had so many questions about hijab.
Layla still had unfinished business.
Layla still has feelings for Sami.
Layla still hasn't bought a wedding dress.
Layla still lives in Cairo.
Layla still lives on in my heart.
Layla still maintained her innocence.
Layla still shared a room with her sister.
Layla stole Salima's brushes.
Layla stole Salima's look.
Layla stole Sami's attention.
Layla stole a lot of cash from the bank.
Layla stood in front of Sami.
Layla stood in the left-hand corner of the room.
Layla stood on the gallows, crying, as a man was slowly tightening the noose around her neck.
Layla stood up.
Layla stopped dead in her tracks.
Layla stopped screaming.
Layla stopped walking.
Layla stopped wearing the hijab.
Layla stopped wearing tight clothing.
Layla straightened her hair with a flatiron.
Layla straightened her hair.
Layla stripped and made money.
Layla struck Sami with a Chinese statue.
Layla struck Sami with an ax to save her life.
Layla struck Sami.
Layla struck up a conversation with Sami.
Layla struggled to have permanent employment.
Layla struggled to stay afloat.
Layla struggled with bullies at school.
Layla struggled with her identity.
Layla studies journalism.
Layla stuffed the drug in her bra.
Layla succumbed and gave up her virginity to Fadil.
Layla succumbed and gave up her virginity to Sami.
Layla suddenly seemed to wish she could rewind the clock.
Layla suffered a mysterious seizure.
Layla suffered a stroke days after her forty fourth birthday.
Layla suffered a stroke.
Layla suffered deep cuts to her head and neck.
Layla suffered from a severe depression.
Layla suffered from antisocial personality disorder.
Layla suffered from borderline personality disorder.
Layla suffered from her parents' divorce.
Layla suffered from psychosis.
Layla suffered with cancer.
Layla supplied police with photographs of Sami.
Layla survived the horrible attack.
Layla survived the ice-cold night.
Layla suspected that Fadil had a crush on her.
Layla swallowed the frog alive.
Layla swam as far as Sami did.
Layla swam into another school of jellyfish.
Layla swam out of the school of jellyfish.
Layla swapped sex for drugs.
Layla switched back to being a regular housewife.
Layla takes her hijab off at home.
Layla talked about how her relationship with her boyfriend was so strong.
Layla talked to Sami everyday.
Layla talked to a lot of people.
Layla talked to her husband.
Layla talked to me about another guy.
Layla talked with me.
Layla talks like a boy.
Layla talks to boys in school.
Layla tapped on the door of the toilet stall, and Salima opened it.
Layla tasted Sami's blood.
Layla taught Fadil the price of breaking promises.
Layla taught Salima how to wear her Muslim headscarf.
Layla taught Sami a lot of what he knows.
Layla taught Sami everything he knows about camels.
Layla taught Sami the price of breaking promises.
Layla taught Sunday school classes.
Layla taught Sunday school for a while.
Layla taught Sunday school.
Layla taught a class for Christian brides.
Layla texted Sami all night.
Layla texted her boyfriend on the phone.
Layla thanked Sami for the flowers.
Layla thinks Sami is so fine.
Layla thinks she's the only pretty girl in town.
Layla thinks that Sami is the man of her dreams.
Layla thinks that a dingo is as big as a grizzly.
Layla thinks that dingoes are huge monsters.
Layla thinks this boy is rich.
Layla thought Fadil would be an ideal employer.
Layla thought Sami did it.
Layla thought Sami had money.
Layla thought Sami was funny.
Layla thought Sami was gay.
Layla thought Sami was homosexual.
Layla thought Sami was involved with somebody.
Layla thought Sami was super cute.
Layla thought Sami was the cutest thing she had never laid her eyes on.
Layla thought Sami was the nicest guy ever.
Layla thought Sami would be an ideal employer.
Layla thought her days of abuse were over.
Layla thought her electricity bill was too high.
Layla thought her husband, Fadil, was playing around.
Layla thought it was a prank.
Layla thought it was an accident.
Layla thought it was the perfect plan.
Layla thought she dated a nice guy.
Layla thought she finally found the man of her dreams.
Layla thought she found her soulmate.
Layla thought she found the right man.
Layla thought she was better than other people.
Layla thought she was dying.
Layla thought she was going to die that night.
Layla thought she was going to die.
Layla thought she was going to have a great date with Sami.
Layla thought she was going to have a romantic evening with Sami.
Layla thought she was smarter than anybody else.
Layla thought she was the trendiest bitch on the planet.
Layla thought she wasn't going to survive.
Layla thought that Fadil was talking to a girl.
Layla thought that I wanted her man.
Layla thought that I was trying to steal her husband.
Layla thought that Muslim women showered with their hijab on.
Layla thought that Salma was too young to be a mother.
Layla thought that Sami was the best thing in her life.
Layla thought that her best solution was to get rid of Sami.
Layla thought that she could commit a crime and get away with it so easily, but sometimes those things could come back on you.
Layla thought that that would work.
Layla threatened Sami with divorce.
Layla threatens to scream at the top of her voice if you don't go see her.
Layla threw Sami under the bus.
Layla threw a blanket over Sami's body.
Layla threw her drink at Sami.
Layla threw her drink on Sami's face.
Layla threw herself into the sea.
Layla threw up in her boyfriend's car.
Layla thrilled to meet Sami in person.
Layla thrilled to see Sami.
Layla thrived on extreme drama.
Layla tipped off the police about Sami's visit.
Layla told Fadil she was expecting his baby.
Layla told Sami about the pregnancy.
Layla told Sami she was pregnant.
Layla told Sami that she was expecting a child.
Layla told Sami that she was pregnant.
Layla told Sami that she would kill him.
Layla told Sami that they should never see or talk to each other again.
Layla told everything to her boyfriend.
Layla told her husband about it.
Layla told her mom she was pregnant.
Layla told her story to Sami.
Layla told her story to the media.
Layla told me the truth.
Layla told police everything that she knew.
Layla told police that she was beaten by Sami.
Layla told the police that she was beaten by Fadil.
Layla too was a sex worker.
Layla took Salima under her wing.
Layla took Salima's makeup without permission.
Layla took Sami on a camping trip.
Layla took Sami out of the will.
Layla took Sami to a carpet shop.
Layla took a bullet for Sami.
Layla took a close look at the watch.
Layla took a closer look at the picture.
Layla took a picture of Sami.
Layla took a pregnancy test and it came back negative.
Layla took a secret lover.
Layla took a shower and changed clothes.
Layla took action.
Layla took all the money Sami had.
Layla took care of her paralyzed husband.
Layla took extreme measures to give her man a child.
Layla took her boots off.
Layla took her daughter out of her will.
Layla took her daughter shopping.
Layla took her daughter to school.
Layla took her fake nails off.
Layla took her frustrations out on her children.
Layla took her hijab off for the whole senior year.
Layla took her hijab off in her car.
Layla took her hijab off.
Layla took her lodger, Fadil, as her lover.
Layla took her panties off.
Layla took her pants off.
Layla took her shoes off.
Layla took no chances.
Layla took off her earrings.
Layla took off her hijab when she went to her mom's house.
Layla took off her hijab.
Layla took off hijab.
Layla took off the hijab.
Layla took off to run some errands.
Layla took refuge at her parents' house.
Layla took responsibility for what she had done.
Layla took sleeping pills.
Layla took the call.
Layla took the car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
Layla took the car to the mechanic's.
Layla took the hijab off.
Layla took the panties and put them in her purse.
Layla took the pregnancy test again.
Layla took things so seriously.
Layla torched the building.
Layla torched the house to cover her tracks.
Layla totally respects men.
Layla traveled alone.
Layla treasures her job.
Layla treated her son Sami poorly.
Layla tried her best to seduce Sami.
Layla tried on several dresses.
Layla tried on the dress and the shoes at the same time.
Layla tried on the dress several times.
Layla tried on the dress twice.
Layla tried that hijab on and she hated it.
Layla tried to antagonize Sami a little bit.
Layla tried to attract the attention of the plane, but she was too far to be seen.
Layla tried to commit suicide.
Layla tried to cover her tracks.
Layla tried to defend Sami.
Layla tried to diffuse the situation.
Layla tried to discipline Sami.
Layla tried to distance herself as much as she could from Sami.
Layla tried to dress cute.
Layla tried to escape.
Layla tried to fight off her attacker.
Layla tried to find her way out.
Layla tried to forgive Fadil's infidelity.
Layla tried to get Fadil to hit her.
Layla tried to get Sami to hit her.
Layla tried to get Sami up.
Layla tried to get away with it.
Layla tried to get out of the car.
Layla tried to get rid of the evidence.
Layla tried to have her children to abide by the rules of the church.
Layla tried to keep Sami on the line.
Layla tried to kill Sami.
Layla tried to lure Sami to where the police could catch him.
Layla tried to make Sami believe that she was pregnant.
Layla tried to make her marriage work.
Layla tried to murder Sami.
Layla tried to pick Sami up but she couldn't. She didn't have enough strength.
Layla tried to remove the plywood board.
Layla tried to run and get away.
Layla tried to save Sami.
Layla tried to swim away from the school of jellyfish.
Layla tried to talk to Sami.
Layla tried to turn Fadil against his daughter from a previous marriage.
Layla tried to unlock her seat belt.
Layla tried to use religion to protect her children from the evils of this world.
Layla tripped and fell onto her knee.
Layla truly believed that Sami had psychic abilities.
Layla trusted Sami.
Layla trusted her hairstylist.
Layla trusted her instincts.
Layla trusts her hairdresser.
Layla turned herself in six days after Sami's death.
Layla turned herself in to the police station.
Layla turned herself in.
Layla turned into a voluptuous teenager.
Layla turned the tables on her boyfriend.
Layla turned the water off.
Layla turned the water on.
Layla turned white.
Layla tutored a couple of kids.
Layla tutored kids in the neighborhood.
Layla understood that her boyfriend was potentially dangerous.
Layla unknowingly wandered into a trap.
Layla unleashed her dogs.
Layla unleashed her pure fury.
Layla unlocked her car.
Layla unveiled her face.
Layla used Salima's makeup without permission.
Layla used Salima's nail polishes without permission.
Layla used a GPS.
Layla used an imaginary world as an escape.
Layla used drugs to escape.
Layla used her body as a free season ticket to the good life.
Layla used her body as bait.
Layla used her mother's credit card.
Layla used her sexuality to get what she wanted.
Layla used poisoning as a means to murder.
Layla used that opportunity to kill Sami.
Layla used to cover her head.
Layla used to cry sometimes.
Layla used to get sick of boys so quickly.
Layla used to get so much attention from guys without her hijab.
Layla used to like gloves.
Layla used to wear rainbow socks.
Layla used to wear the hijab.
Layla used to wear the same hijab every single day.
Layla used what was left of her husband's insurance payout to buy a house in Cairo.
Layla uses her femininity to her advantage.
Layla usually doesn't date white guys.
Layla vanished into thin air.
Layla vented her frustrations in her diary.
Layla violated the golden rule of a climber. She tied herself in the chest.
Layla visited Sami in Cairo.
Layla voluntarily surrendered.
Layla waited for Sami to come home.
Layla waited for the cops.
Layla waited for us to finish.
Layla walked a long distance.
Layla walked briskly to the cab.
Layla walked down the aisle.
Layla walked her dogs every day.
Layla walked in and out of the search area.
Layla walked in on two girls smashing in the bathroom.
Layla walked in there.
Layla walked into the bathroom.
Layla walked out on her family.
Layla walked to the parking lot.
Layla walked toward the car.
Layla walks her dogs twice a day.
Layla wanted Fadil to marry her.
Layla wanted Sami mutilated.
Layla wanted Sami to call her.
Layla wanted Sami to come home.
Layla wanted Sami to leave his wife, but he decided not to.
Layla wanted Sami to meet some of her friends.
Layla wanted Sami to stay away from her at all times.
Layla wanted Sami's money but not him.
Layla wanted a big family.
Layla wanted a divorce.
Layla wanted a fresh start.
Layla wanted a good job.
Layla wanted a little male attention.
Layla wanted a red dress.
Layla wanted a war against whites.
Layla wanted all the money.
Layla wanted attention from a man.
Layla wanted both the arms of her lover and the wealth of her husband.
Layla wanted clear gel nails.
Layla wanted cocaine.
Layla wanted everything that Fadil had.
Layla wanted her daughter to stay with her.
Layla wanted her freedom.
Layla wanted her hair done for the wedding at the hotel she was getting married in.
Layla wanted her hair really short.
Layla wanted her hair to be really short.
Layla wanted it all.
Layla wanted love.
Layla wanted more drama.
Layla wanted more than petty cash.
Layla wanted one more night of freedom.
Layla wanted people to know that she was Muslim.
Layla wanted pleasure.
Layla wanted so desperately to be in love.
Layla wanted some cash.
Layla wanted some time alone.
Layla wanted to apologize again.
Layla wanted to attract attention.
Layla wanted to avoid an arranged marriage in Egypt.
Layla wanted to be a mom.
Layla wanted to be a nurse.
Layla wanted to be a wife and a mother.
Layla wanted to be a winner, just like Dad.
Layla wanted to be killed.
Layla wanted to be loved.
Layla wanted to be part of the group.
Layla wanted to come to the prom but she didn't have a date.
Layla wanted to continue to prove that she loved her man.
Layla wanted to cover up the murder.
Layla wanted to dance with this guy.
Layla wanted to defend Sami.
Layla wanted to detangle her hair.
Layla wanted to do her hair.
Layla wanted to escape at any cost.
Layla wanted to find Mr. Right.
Layla wanted to find a Muslim husband.
Layla wanted to find a father figure to her daughter.
Layla wanted to find a husband.
Layla wanted to find lasting love.
Layla wanted to find the way back to her vehicle using the sun.
Layla wanted to finish what she was doing.
Layla wanted to get a 1000 dollars out of Fadil.
Layla wanted to get help for Sami.
Layla wanted to get her hair dyed.
Layla wanted to get her hair trimmed.
Layla wanted to get her nails done.
Layla wanted to get out of the car.
Layla wanted to get rid of Sami.
Layla wanted to get rid of the evidence.
Layla wanted to give Fadil the baby he had always longed for.
Layla wanted to give Fadil the one thing he wanted most, a baby.
Layla wanted to go back to her natural hair color.
Layla wanted to go back to school.
Layla wanted to go back to studying.
Layla wanted to go park at the lake.
Layla wanted to go pick up her friend.
Layla wanted to go to heaven to see her dead children again.
Layla wanted to go to heaven to see her mother.
Layla wanted to go to heaven.
Layla wanted to go to the football practise to see Sami.
Layla wanted to have a big over-the-top wedding.
Layla wanted to have a boyfriend.
Layla wanted to have a necklace.
Layla wanted to have a special night with Sami.
Layla wanted to have at least four children.
Layla wanted to have straight hair.
Layla wanted to inspire other girls to wear the hijab.
Layla wanted to keep her kids away from all harm.
Layla wanted to keep talking about it.
Layla wanted to kill Sami.
Layla wanted to kill herself.
Layla wanted to kill us both.
Layla wanted to kiss Sami.
Layla wanted to leave Sami.
Layla wanted to leave.
Layla wanted to live a fairy tale life with Sami.
Layla wanted to live a good life.
Layla wanted to live a happy life just like her parents.
Layla wanted to live a successful life.
Layla wanted to look like Salima.
Layla wanted to look sexy.
Layla wanted to look very refreshed and young.
Layla wanted to make a fresh start.
Layla wanted to make a personal call.
Layla wanted to make some money.
Layla wanted to meet Sami's girlfriend.
Layla wanted to move on and find someone else.
Layla wanted to obliterate the memory of Fadil's first wife.
Layla wanted to obliterate the memory of Sami's first wife.
Layla wanted to protect Sami.
Layla wanted to prove to her friends that she was all Sami's.
Layla wanted to rebuild her marriage.
Layla wanted to rob a bank.
Layla wanted to see what it was like to be a bad girl.
Layla wanted to see who Sami was talking to.
Layla wanted to show her hair.
Layla wanted to sneak out and go to a nightclub.
Layla wanted to start over with another man.
Layla wanted to take her hijab off but she was scared.
Layla wanted to take her hijab off.
Layla wanted to torture Sami.
Layla wanted to touch Sami's face.
Layla wanted to try the dress on.
Layla wanted to watch Salima while she was doing her makeup.
Layla wanted to wear short skirts.
Layla wanted to wear the hijab after she got married.
Layla wanted to wear the hijab.
Layla wanted to win Sami back.
Layla wanted to win Sami over.
Layla wanted to win at any cost.
Layla wanted witness protection.
Layla wants Sami's love.
Layla wants her hair really short.
Layla wants more than hugs and kisses.
Layla wants pink gel nails.
Layla wants to become an English teacher.
Layla wants to get her nails done.
Layla wants to go home.
Layla wants to learn Albanian.
Layla wants to live with Sami as his wife.
Layla wants to participate in the beauty contest.
Layla wants to take her hijab off.
Layla wants to talk about something she gets asked a lot.
Layla wants to wear the hijab.
Layla was Fadil's baby girl.
Layla was Fadil's primary girlfriend.
Layla was OK with sharing her body with other men.
Layla was Salima's bridesmaid.
Layla was Salima's maid of honor.
Layla was Sami's assistant.
Layla was Sami's baby-mama and they had six children together.
Layla was Sami's baby-mama.
Layla was Sami's college sweetheart.
Layla was Sami's dream girl.
Layla was Sami's ex-wife.
Layla was Sami's fiancee at the time.
Layla was Sami's first crush.
Layla was Sami's girlfriend and the mother of his daughter.
Layla was Sami's girlfriend.
Layla was Sami's homegirl.
Layla was Sami's landlady.
Layla was Sami's last hope.
Layla was Sami's main bitch.
Layla was Sami's mother.
Layla was Sami's older sister.
Layla was Sami's pregnant child.
Layla was Sami's pregnant daughter.
Layla was Sami's type. A really cute girl.
Layla was Sami's wife number three.
Layla was Sami's wife.
Layla was a Sunday school teacher.
Layla was a bad girl and Sami was a bad boy.
Layla was a beautiful Egyptian immigrant.
Layla was a beautiful nursing student.
Layla was a beautiful yoga teacher with a gentle spirit.
Layla was a beloved kindergarten teacher.
Layla was a bisexual woman.
Layla was a bitch to me for no fucking reason.
Layla was a brave, happy and outgoing little girl.
Layla was a bubbly all-American blond.
Layla was a budding entrepreneur.
Layla was a busy mom.
Layla was a champion swimmer at her high school.
Layla was a charming woman.
Layla was a cold calculating brutal murderer.
Layla was a college student.
Layla was a convicted murderer.
Layla was a copycat criminal.
Layla was a crazy girl.
Layla was a dangerous arsonist.
Layla was a drama queen in high school.
Layla was a drama queen.
Layla was a dutiful caretaker.
Layla was a forensic archaeologist.
Layla was a former girlfriend of Sami's.
Layla was a fricking spitfire.
Layla was a girl then.
Layla was a girly girl, but she also loved sports.
Layla was a good Christian.
Layla was a good mom to her child.
Layla was a gorgeous girl.
Layla was a great poetress.
Layla was a hairstylist.
Layla was a happy little girl.
Layla was a healthy little girl.
Layla was a heavy sleeper.
Layla was a hell of a dancer.
Layla was a hijabi.
Layla was a hooker herself.
Layla was a hostess.
Layla was a known prostitute.
Layla was a lesbian.
Layla was a little bit exotic-looking.
Layla was a little bit shy.
Layla was a little worried.
Layla was a lonely and emotionally fragile young woman.
Layla was a loving mother.
Layla was a makeup artist.
Layla was a manipulative woman.
Layla was a master manipulator.
Layla was a model mother.
Layla was a much larger student than her classmates.
Layla was a naive teenager.
Layla was a normal fifteen-year-old girl.
Layla was a part-time beautician.
Layla was a part-time hijabi for quite a long time.
Layla was a perfect girl.
Layla was a petite bubbly blonde.
Layla was a pillar of the community.
Layla was a popular girl at high school.
Layla was a popular girl in high school.
Layla was a pretty strong political figure in the city.
Layla was a pretty woman.
Layla was a prison escapee.
Layla was a prostitute.
Layla was a raging bitch in high school.
Layla was a ray of sunshine to her parents.
Layla was a real bitch.
Layla was a really lovely lady.
Layla was a really pretty girl.
Layla was a recent immigrant from Egypt.
Layla was a registered nurse working for a renowned cancer center.
Layla was a rule-follower and a good student.
Layla was a seasoned bank robber.
Layla was a secretary at a church.
Layla was a security guard.
Layla was a sex worker.
Layla was a sexy college cheerleader.
Layla was a sexy stripper.
Layla was a single mom.
Layla was a single-minded, uneducated girl and she probably was too immature to be a mother.
Layla was a snobby bitch.
Layla was a straight-A student.
Layla was a super girly girl.
Layla was a sweet young girl.
Layla was a tall model.
Layla was a tall-ass girl.
Layla was a teacher's assistant.
Layla was a teenage temptress.
Layla was a teenager and she couldn't handle her abandonment by herself.
Layla was a timebomb waiting to explode.
Layla was a tomboy.
Layla was a total bitch.
Layla was a transgender woman.
Layla was a troubled teen.
Layla was a typical mother.
Layla was a very deadly woman.
Layla was a very nice sweet woman.
Layla was a very outspoken person.
Layla was a very popular girl in town.
Layla was a very quiet girl. You wouldn't even know she was there.
Layla was a very religious person.
Layla was a very smart girl.
Layla was a very tall girl.
Layla was a very troubled kid.
Layla was a veteran cop.
Layla was a virgin.
Layla was a wanted criminal.
Layla was a white girl.
Layla was a white lady.
Layla was a whore.
Layla was a wife and a mother.
Layla was a woman scorned.
Layla was a woman with a complicated past.
Layla was a work addict.
Layla was a young blushing bride.
Layla was able to find a work.
Layla was able to overcome her feelings of insecurity.
Layla was about to get in a fight with another girl.
Layla was about to lose her position.
Layla was absolutely scared.
Layla was abused as a child.
Layla was acquitted.
Layla was acting and talking like a dude.
Layla was acting like a dude.
Layla was acting out in very violent ways.
Layla was actually involved in the murder.
Layla was addicted to love.
Layla was admitted to the emergency room.
Layla was afraid for Sami's life.
Layla was afraid for her life.
Layla was afraid of Sami.
Layla was afraid of camels.
Layla was afraid of cats.
Layla was afraid of dingos.
Layla was afraid of wild dogs.
Layla was airlifted to a local hospital.
Layla was almost dead.
Layla was already a victim.
Layla was already fifteen years old.
Layla was already smashing dudes when she was twelve.
Layla was already talking to other boys.
Layla was already talking to two guys.
Layla was also involved in that crime.
Layla was also involved in this cult.
Layla was also shot.
Layla was always around boys.
Layla was always helping Sami.
Layla was always writing about love and the man of her dreams.
Layla was an Aborigine tracker.
Layla was an amateur treasure hunter.
Layla was an artistic and brilliant girl.
Layla was an attractive girl.
Layla was an excellent poet.
Layla was an experienced bank robber.
Layla was an expert at robbing banks.
Layla was an ideal child.
Layla was an incredible girl.
Layla was an independent woman with 3 disastrous marriages behind her.
Layla was an intelligent woman.
Layla was an open book for Sami. She told him everything about her.
Layla was an ordinary housewife.
Layla was an unfaithful wife.
Layla was an unfit mother.
Layla was angry and confused.
Layla was angry and depressed.
Layla was angry with all white people.
Layla was annoyed by Sami.
Layla was anxious to see the inside of the house.
Layla was appointed as a new nursing supervisor.
Layla was armed and dangerous.
Layla was arrested and extradited back to Egypt.
Layla was arrested at her home.
Layla was arrested for a parole violation.
Layla was arrested in Cairo for shoplifting.
Layla was arrested in Cairo, Egypt.
Layla was arrested in Cairo.
Layla was arrested without incident.
Layla was asking for money.
Layla was asleep in her bedroom.
Layla was assaulted but she was not raped.
Layla was assaulted in her home.
Layla was assaulted multiple times over the next few hours.
Layla was at Sami's mercy.
Layla was at a critical risk of heart failure.
Layla was at my house the previous Sunday.
Layla was at the counter.
Layla was at the crime scene.
Layla was at the mercy of a hostile environment.
Layla was at the mercy of her captors.
Layla was attacked and eaten by wild dogs.
Layla was attracted to older boys.
Layla was attracted to that tough guy.
Layla was attractive because she dressed well.
Layla was baby-sitting Rania's two boys.
Layla was babysitting Salima's child.
Layla was babysitting Sami's two kids.
Layla was babysitting a lot.
Layla was babysitting her baby sister.
Layla was babysitting in the neighborhood where she lived.
Layla was babysitting kids from time to time.
Layla was babysitting.
Layla was badly injured.
Layla was badly wounded.
Layla was barely clinging to life.
Layla was barely out of her teens.
Layla was battling cancer.
Layla was beaten in the face and the chest area.
Layla was beaten to death.
Layla was beaten up.
Layla was beaten within an inch of her life.
Layla was begging Sami.
Layla was behind bars.
Layla was behind the wheel.
Layla was being a bitch to me for the whole fucking night.
Layla was being a bitch to me.
Layla was being buried alive.
Layla was being manipulated and she didn't realize it.
Layla was being shot while she was running.
Layla was being stalked by a mysterious man.
Layla was being such a bitch about that.
Layla was bitchy.
Layla was bitten by a camel.
Layla was bleeding from the head.
Layla was bleeding in the head.
Layla was bleeding profusely.
Layla was bleeding.
Layla was bloodied and shaken.
Layla was born half a century ago.
Layla was born in an orphanage.
Layla was born in the suburbs of Cairo.
Layla was born to win.
Layla was bragging about how amazing her boyfriend was.
Layla was bragging about the baby.
Layla was brushing her hair to detangle it.
Layla was brushing her hair.
Layla was brutally assaulted in her home.
Layla was brutally assaulted.
Layla was brutally attacked.
Layla was brutally shot to death by her brother.
Layla was bullied in class.
Layla was buried alive.
Layla was buried deep in the snow.
Layla was caged behind the bars of a high security prison.
Layla was caged behind the bars of a state-of-the-art facility.
Layla was called a whore.
Layla was calling and telling her friends to watch the news.
Layla was cancer-free.
Layla was capable of manipulation and control.
Layla was captured.
Layla was careful not to attract attention.
Layla was caught between her husband and her boyfriend.
Layla was cautious at first.
Layla was changing the baby.
Layla was charged extra for getting her nails done.
Layla was charged of blackmailing Sami.
Layla was charged with capital murder.
Layla was charged with conspiracy for bank robbery.
Layla was charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
Layla was charged with kidnapping.
Layla was clutching the knife to her chest as she walked.
Layla was combing her hair.
Layla was comfortable showing certain body parts.
Layla was coming back to Cairo.
Layla was coming to pick up my man from his house.
Layla was complaining of pain.
Layla was completely under Fadil's control.
Layla was concerned about her kids.
Layla was connected to Sami.
Layla was consenting to that.
Layla was considered an unfit mother.
Layla was consoling Sami.
Layla was constantly around boys.
Layla was convicted as a juvenile for the murder of her parents.
Layla was convicted of torture.
Layla was copying Salima's style.
Layla was covered in blood.
Layla was crawling on the floor.
Layla was crawling out of the water.
Layla was crying because she saw Sami so upset.
Layla was crying for the entire lunch break.
Layla was crying in front of Sami.
Layla was crying the entire time.
Layla was crying with Salima.
Layla was curious about hijab.
Layla was cute and petite.
Layla was daddy's little girl.
Layla was damaged emotionally.
Layla was dark, short and heavy-set.
Layla was dating a bad boy.
Layla was dating a guy long distance.
Layla was dating a guy.
Layla was dating a new guy.
Layla was dating a new person.
Layla was dating other dudes.
Layla was dating somebody.
Layla was dating someone else.
Layla was dating someone.
Layla was dating that guy at the time.
Layla was dating that other guy.
Layla was dating this guy.
Layla was dead when the ambulance arrived.
Layla was deceased.
Layla was dedicated to her family.
Layla was deeply in love with Sami.
Layla was desperate to get Sami's attention.
Layla was desperate to get high.
Layla was desperate.
Layla was determined not to let Sami become a drug addict.
Layla was determined to go back into the burning house and find Sami.
Layla was determined to make sure the truth came out.
Layla was determined to win Sami back.
Layla was devastated for what happened to Sami.
Layla was devoted to her father.
Layla was diagnosed as being a psychopath.
Layla was diagnosed with a learning disability.
Layla was diagnosed with cancer for the second time.
Layla was disgusted by Sami.
Layla was doing drugs with Sami.
Layla was doing drugs.
Layla was doing her hair in the bathroom.
Layla was doing her hair.
Layla was doing her makeup to go to a club.
Layla was doing her makeup while she was watching this.
Layla was doing her makeup.
Layla was doing her nails.
Layla was doing quite well in school.
Layla was doing this for the children.
Layla was down in the basement.
Layla was dressed in a maid's outfit.
Layla was dressed in black.
Layla was dressed nicely and talked properly.
Layla was dressed sloppy.
Layla was driving a stolen car.
Layla was driving home.
Layla was driving in the wrong direction.
Layla was drooling over Sami.
Layla was drugging Sami.
Layla was due to testify against Sami.
Layla was dying her hair.
Layla was dying.
Layla was eager to please and serve.
Layla was eating the leftovers.
Layla was encouraging Salima to wear the hijab.
Layla was engaged.
Layla was enjoying a nice afternoon with Sami.
Layla was enjoying her life in Cairo.
Layla was enjoying the view.
Layla was enjoying this.
Layla was entertaining a parade of men at the house.
Layla was everything Salima was not.
Layla was exceptionally unlucky.
Layla was excited about the pregnancy.
Layla was excited and nervous at the same time.
Layla was excited to see Sami again.
Layla was excited to see Sami that night.
Layla was expecting Sami to come.
Layla was expecting a baby with Sami.
Layla was experimenting with her hair.
Layla was extremely dramatic.
Layla was extremely unstable.
Layla was falling in love for this person.
Layla was fanatical about the Spice Girls.
Layla was far removed from the concerns of common people.
Layla was fat.
Layla was fed up of Sami's gambling.
Layla was feeling a bit unusual.
Layla was feeling lazy and not willing to cook.
Layla was finally done with her hair.
Layla was fine.
Layla was flipping her hair and kept glancing at my brother.
Layla was flipping her hair to attract Sami's attention.
Layla was forced to give up two year old Sami for adoption.
Layla was forced to kill Sami.
Layla was forgiving.
Layla was formally charged with attempted murder.
Layla was found almost dead in the outback.
Layla was found dead in her apartment in Cairo.
Layla was found guilty.
Layla was found living in a car in New Delhi.
Layla was fourteen then.
Layla was friends with Salima.
Layla was frightened.
Layla was from Montreal.
Layla was from Sami's high school.
Layla was fucking wild.
Layla was full of love for everyone.
Layla was full of rage.
Layla was full with rage.
Layla was furious that Sami conspired against her.
Layla was getting in Salima's head.
Layla was getting ready to leave the restaurant.
Layla was getting ready to leave.
Layla was getting weaker and weaker.
Layla was given too much freedom.
Layla was giving BJ's to the dudes of the football team in the locker room.
Layla was giving Sami head.
Layla was giving a blow job to Sami.
Layla was going into labor.
Layla was going out with a new guy she liked.
Layla was going the wrong way.
Layla was going through her teenage years.
Layla was going to Egypt to take a course.
Layla was going to a remote part of Canada.
Layla was going to be tried as an adult.
Layla was going to have a difficult time.
Layla was going to murder Sami. There's no doubt in my mind.
Layla was gone for four months.
Layla was gorgeous and Salima was jealous of her.
Layla was gorgeous.
Layla was greedy in love.
Layla was grief-stricken.
Layla was grooming her dog.
Layla was growing insecure about her looks.
Layla was gurgling as Sami strangled her.
Layla was handed three life sentences.
Layla was hanging on Sami in the pool.
Layla was hanging with dudes.
Layla was happy about that.
Layla was happy because she was going home.
Layla was having a girl.
Layla was having an affair with Dr. Bakir.
Layla was having an affair with Salima's husband.
Layla was having an affair with a nephew.
Layla was having breakfast on her porch.
Layla was having breakfast.
Layla was having her baby.
Layla was heading Sami's way.
Layla was heading out of town.
Layla was heavyset.
Layla was hiding an affair with her boss.
Layla was hiding in a boat.
Layla was hiding something in her sleeve.
Layla was hit by a car.
Layla was holding a knife.
Layla was holding a sword.
Layla was holding her baby.
Layla was holding her ponytail up.
Layla was home with her two younger brothers.
Layla was homeless and hungry.
Layla was honest with you.
Layla was hoping to find a Prince Charming in Cairo.
Layla was humiliating Sami.
Layla was hysterically crying.
Layla was ill-prepared to make that big transition.
Layla was immediately drawn in.
Layla was immediately sentenced to life in prison.
Layla was immediately taken into custody.
Layla was in a dangerous situation.
Layla was in a high security prison.
Layla was in a maximum security prison.
Layla was in a minidress.
Layla was in a physical altercation with a boy.
Layla was in a pool of blood.
Layla was in a relationship on and off with someone who had drinking issues.
Layla was in a relationship on and off with someone who had drug issues.
Layla was in a relationship with an addict.
Layla was in a relationship with this person.
Layla was in a white dress.
Layla was in bed with my husband.
Layla was in big trouble.
Layla was in bitch mode.
Layla was in complete shock the first time Sami hit her.
Layla was in contact with Sami.
Layla was in fact a transgender person.
Layla was in her bed.
Layla was in her early twenties.
Layla was in her panties.
Layla was in her tent.
Layla was in love with him.
Layla was in love with that hair.
Layla was in love with that wig.
Layla was in love with the idea of being in love.
Layla was in love with this man.
Layla was in no hurry to change her ways.
Layla was in no hurry.
Layla was in prison for a drug crime.
Layla was in shock.
Layla was in tears.
Layla was in the basement.
Layla was in the house.
Layla was in the kitchen, cooking something.
Layla was in the middle of the road.
Layla was in the military.
Layla was in the next room.
Layla was in the shower.
Layla was in the trunk probably for three or four hours.
Layla was in trouble.
Layla was in university when she started wearing the hijab.
Layla was increasingly worried.
Layla was instantly angry with Sami.
Layla was intent on protecting her daughter.
Layla was interested in cheerleading.
Layla was interested in women.
Layla was intimidated by Sami.
Layla was involved in a lot of drama in high school.
Layla was involved in the murder.
Layla was involved with a lesbian woman.
Layla was jailed for three long years.
Layla was jealous of Salima.
Layla was jealous of Sami's daughter.
Layla was jealous that Sami had a new girlfriend.
Layla was just 20.
Layla was just a little girl.
Layla was just a little tomboy that wanted to be happy.
Layla was just an innocent jogger.
Layla was just crying and screaming.
Layla was just fifteen back then.
Layla was just happy to have a man by her side.
Layla was just home from school.
Layla was just living her life.
Layla was just trying the hijab on.
Layla was just trying to find her way in life.
Layla was keeping a secret from Sami.
Layla was keeping a secret.
Layla was killed and stuffed inside a sack.
Layla was killed in her home.
Layla was kind of attractive.
Layla was kind of charming.
Layla was kind, sweet, and caring.
Layla was kissing Sami.
Layla was known by everybody.
Layla was known for faking pregnancies.
Layla was known for her intellect and her ambition.
Layla was known for her verbal abuse.
Layla was leaving Sami.
Layla was leaving work with Sami.
Layla was like a little girl.
Layla was like a mother to us.
Layla was like a tomboy.
Layla was like my older sister.
Layla was like surprised.
Layla was literally perfect.
Layla was living a very hard life.
Layla was living in a condo with one of her girlfriends.
Layla was living in her very dark world.
Layla was locked up for treatment.
Layla was looking at Fadil for financial gains and stability.
Layla was looking back my direction.
Layla was looking cute.
Layla was looking for Mr. Right.
Layla was looking for a way out.
Layla was looking for anything she could use to defend herself.
Layla was looking for help.
Layla was looking for her Prince Charming.
Layla was looking for her cellphone.
Layla was looking for love on the Internet.
Layla was looking for love.
Layla was looking for more than sex. She was looking for love.
Layla was looking for natural hair tutorials.
Layla was looking forward to spend a day with her loved one.
Layla was looking gorgeous.
Layla was losing blood fast.
Layla was lost in the Australian outback.
Layla was loyal to Sami.
Layla was lying on the bed.
Layla was lying on the floor.
Layla was lying there.
Layla was making 20 dollars an hour.
Layla was making a personal call.
Layla was married to Fadil.
Layla was married to another man.
Layla was mesmerized by her new boyfriend.
Layla was messing up people's nails.
Layla was modeling.
Layla was modest.
Layla was more into the Nazi ideology.
Layla was more than happy to break the law to get what she wanted.
Layla was much more in love with Fadil than she had been with her former husbands.
Layla was much more intelligent than Sami.
Layla was much more mad.
Layla was murdered in Cairo two years ago.
Layla was murdered.
Layla was my boyfriend's mom.
Layla was my first granddaughter.
Layla was my homegirl.
Layla was my maid of honor.
Layla was my mom's friend.
