You can't do it without Tom.
You can't do it, can you?
You can't do it.
You can't do something like that unless you're a pro.
You can't do that again.
You can't do that any more.
You can't do that anymore.
You can't do that by yourself, can you?
You can't do that by yourself.
You can't do that either, can't you?
You can't do that here.
You can't do that here. In fact, you aren't allowed to do that anywhere.
You can't do that in Australia.
You can't do that in Boston.
You can't do that now.
You can't do that to Tom.
You can't do that to her!
You can't do that to her.
You can't do that to him.
You can't do that to me!
You can't do that to me.
You can't do that to them.
You can't do that to us!
You can't do that to us.
You can't do that today.
You can't do that tomorrow, can you?
You can't do that with a dog.
You can't do that with us!
You can't do that without a permit.
You can't do that yet.
You can't do that!
You can't do that, Tom.
You can't do that, can you?
You can't do that, either, can you?
You can't do that, right?
You can't do that.
You can't do that. I've already tried, dozens of times.
You can't do that. It's illegal.
You can't do the impossible.
You can't do this alone and still meet the deadline.
You can't do this alone.
You can't do this anymore.
You can't do this here.
You can't do this now.
You can't do this to Skura.
You can't do this to Tom.
You can't do this to her.
You can't do this to him.
You can't do this to me!
You can't do this to me, Tom.
You can't do this to me.
You can't do this to them.
You can't do this to us.
You can't do this to yourself.
You can't do this!
You can't do this, Tom.
You can't do this.
You can't do two things at once.
You can't do two things at the same time.
You can't do whatever you like.
You can't dodge bullets.
You can't dodge the law forever.
You can't donate a brain and live.
You can't doubt everything and anything.
You can't drink here.
You can't drink in the park.
You can't drink on the sidewalk.
You can't drink seawater because it is too salty.
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.
You can't drink seawater!
You can't drink the water from that well.
You can't drink the water here.
You can't drive because you've been drinking.
You can't drive drunk.
You can't drive from Algeria to Morocco. The border is closed.
You can't drive now. You've been drinking.
You can't drive, can you?
You can't drive.
You can't drive. You've been drinking.
You can't earn all the money in the world.
You can't earn money without working.
You can't easily put photos on an iPad from more than one computer. However, you can email photos to yourself from various computers and download these photos to your iPad.
You can't easily replace someone like Tom.
You can't eat a medlar just like this. You need to put it in a paper bag and wait until it's mushy.
You can't eat broccoli.
You can't eat chicken? How do you know if you never try it?
You can't eat here.
You can't eat hope.
You can't eat ideas.
You can't eat it just because it is nutritious.
You can't eat just one.
You can't eat medlar seeds.
You can't eat money.
You can't eat now.
You can't eat peace.
You can't eat prayer.
You can't eat prayers.
You can't eat soup with a fork.
You can't eat the money.
You can't eat the orange and throw the peel away—a man is not a piece of fruit.
You can't eat the seeds of medlars.
You can't eat the stem of a fig.
You can't eat these medlars straight off the tree.
You can't eat these medlars.
You can't eat this cupcake.
You can't eat your cake and have it too.
You can't eat your cake and have it.
You can't eat your pudding until you finish your meat.
You can't end our relationship this way.
You can't enter here unless you have a pass.
You can't enter that bookstore with your shirt off.
You can't enter the building without a permit.
You can't enter this room.
You can't enter with guns.
You can't enter; it's forbidden.
You can't equate nationalism with fascism.
You can't erase the past.
You can't erase this sentence.
You can't escape from me.
You can't escape from reality.
You can't escape from your wrongdoing. Reputation lies in the tongue.
You can't escape your own destiny in life, your life path is already all minitiously planned out for you and you just have to let yourself be carried away by your own life destiny.
You can't escape your own life destiny, you can't chase it away because it will always go exactly as planned and the way it's meant to go.
You can't escape.
You can't establish a company without people.
You can't estimate this state.
You can't even begin to compare with Tom.
You can't even buy these anymore.
You can't even change a diaper.
You can't even change a nappy.
You can't even cut paper with those scissors.
You can't even hear a lion roar here!
You can't even help yourself.
You can't even imagine how big of a snake I saw today!
You can't even imagine how many children are the result of extramarital affairs.
You can't even imagine how much fortitude it requires.
You can't even imagine how painful it is for me to tell you this.
You can't even imagine what he's capable of.
You can't even look me in the eye.
You can't even say "I told you so" to the people who said he was a peacemaker, because they've already moved onto beating the war drums.
You can't even say, "Pinot Noir."
You can't even spell that word, much less understand what it means.
You can't even support yourself.
You can't even taste the difference.
You can't even tell it's me in those pictures.
You can't even tell the difference between Nigeria and Algeria.
You can't ever forget how to ride a bicycle.
You can't ever give up.
You can't ever tell Tom what happened.
You can't evict me without a warning.
You can't exactly blame Mary for what she did.
You can't exactly blame Tom and Mary for what they did.
You can't exactly blame Tom for what he did.
You can't exactly say that this restaurant is centrally located.
You can't exist without water.
You can't exorcise demons.
You can't expect Tom to care about it the way you do.
You can't expect Tom to get well overnight.
You can't expect a man to change his habits at once, girl.
You can't expect any better from an idiot.
You can't expect everyone to understand.
You can't expect everything to go well right from the beginning.
You can't expect good weather here at this time of year.
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
You can't expect me to do that for you.
You can't expect me to do that.
You can't expect me to go there.
You can't expect me to make no misspellings at all.
You can't expect me to pay for everything.
You can't expect me to think of everything all the time!
You can't expect more than that.
You can't expect much of him.
You can't expect much sympathy from Tom.
You can't expect the impossible from anyone.
You can't expect things to return to as they were.
You can't express that in words.
You can't face a long drive at this hour.
You can't fall asleep.
You can't fall in love with your therapist. If this happens, this means that your therapist sucks.
You can't feed a family on the money they pay us.
You can't feel at ease with a headache.
You can't fight City Hall.
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
You can't fight back against death and there's no use in trying to fight it back when it does happen.
You can't fight back against your own destiny in life, there's little you can do to modify your lifepath, it will always happen it is supposed to happen over the course of your life, and your life will always take the course it's meant to take.
You can't fight back with death, death will always be stronger than you.
You can't fight city hall.
You can't fight in here! This is the War Room!
You can't fight on an empty stomach.
You can't fight such a defeatist approach.
You can't fight your own death, and you can't cheat your way through death either.
You can't fight your way back against death.
You can't fill your stomach with the food left on your beard.
You can't film here.
You can't film in here.
You can't find a job if you're dressed like a hooker.
You can't find a pet like that anywhere.
You can't find everything in a book, but there are a lot of things you can't find anywhere else.
You can't find everything in a book, nor outside one.
You can't find this article everywhere.
You can't finish this project.
You can't fire Tom.
You can't fire her.
You can't fire him.
You can't fire me because I quit!
You can't fire me, I quit!
You can't fire me, because I quit!
You can't fire me.
You can't fire them.
You can't fire us.
You can't fit a round peg in a square hole.
You can't fit a square peg in a round hole.
You can't fit a square peg into a round hole.
You can't fix everything.
You can't fix it in the amount of time you have left.
You can't fix it, and neither can I, but we can together.
You can't fix it. You should buy a new one.
You can't fix that now.
You can't fix things in the middle of the night.
You can't floor it through here, Tom! We're in a 30 zone!
You can't floor the accelerator through here, Tom! We're in a 30 zone!
You can't fly in this weather.
You can't fool a mother.
You can't fool a wife.
You can't fool me so easily.
You can't fool me this time.
You can't fool me with a trick like that.
You can't fool me with your honeyed words.
You can't fool me.
You can't fool people by telling them that Esperanto is blond, whilst it comes from Eastern Europe.
You can't fool us.
You can't forbid me to do that.
You can't force Tom to do that.
You can't force Tom to help Mary.
You can't force Tom to stay.
You can't force children to be friends.
You can't force love.
You can't force me to do anything I don't want to do.
You can't force me to do anything that I don't want to do.
You can't force me to do anything.
You can't force me to do that.
You can't force me to do this.
You can't force me to go!
You can't force me to go.
You can't force me to marry you just because of this baby.
You can't force me to marry you.
You can't force me to testify against Tom.
You can't force me.
You can't force something on me that I don't want to do.
You can't force that kind of thing.
You can't force that on us!
You can't force us to do that.
You can't force us to go.
You can't force yourself to forget something.
You can't forget it.
You can't forget that Tatoeba still isn't complete and never will be!
You can't forget those eyes.
You can't forget what you never knew in the first place.
You can't forget your textbooks.
You can't gallivant in here at 2 am and not expect me to be mad.
You can't get a job here without a work permit.
You can't get a job if you don't have useful skills.
You can't get a puppy for Christmas.
You can't get a tree to grow on bad soil.
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.
You can't get alcohol in gas stations here.
You can't get all of us.
You can't get anything done today.
You can't get anything for nothing.
You can't get away from death when it has to happen.
You can't get away from me.
You can't get away with this.
You can't get away.
You can't get back from the dead once death has stricken.
You can't get back the wasted time.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
You can't get blood out of a turnip.
You can't get both.
You can't get enough of it.
You can't get fluent in Berber if you don't practise it.
You can't get good at it if you don't practice.
You can't get her.
You can't get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
You can't get it.
You can't get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
You can't get luck. You have to have it.
You can't get much better than that.
You can't get much wittier than that.
You can't get on this bus.
You can't get out that way.
You can't get rid of it.
You can't get rid of me.
You can't get something from nothing.
You can't get the suitcase closed because you've stuffed too much into it.
You can't get there by plane.
You can't get there by train.
You can't get there from here.
You can't get this at any bookseller's.
You can't get through the mountain pass in the winter.
You can't get two hedgehogs and house them together. Hedgehogs are solitary animals.
You can't get up yet.
You can't get yourself liked by everyone in life, so just choose to hang out with the people who value your own personality and who likes it.
You can't give Tom that.
You can't give her that.
You can't give him that.
You can't give me orders.
You can't give negative feedback to arrogant people.
You can't give orders around here.
You can't give that away.
You can't give them that.
You can't give up hope.
You can't give up like this.
You can't give up now, not after all the effort you've put into this.
You can't give up now.
You can't give up on Tom.
You can't give up on her.
You can't give up on him.
You can't give up on me that easily.
You can't give up on me.
You can't give up on them.
You can't give up on us.
You can't give up on your dreams.
You can't give up that easily.
You can't give up trying.
You can't give up, Tom.
You can't give up.
You can't give yourself a nickname.
You can't go against the laws of nature.
You can't go against the municipality.
You can't go against your own destiny in your life path.
You can't go alone.
You can't go along this road.
You can't go along this road. It is under repair.
You can't go anywhere by yourself.
You can't go anywhere today.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go back in there.
You can't go back into the past to eliminate yourself.
You can't go back there.
You can't go back.
You can't go beyond this door.
You can't go downstairs now.
You can't go everywhere.
You can't go for a walk in this weather.
You can't go for a wander around town in the South of France without coming across a game of Pétanque.
You can't go further.
You can't go home now.
You can't go home until 2:30.
You can't go home yet.
You can't go home.
You can't go in his room.
You can't go in the castle at night.
You can't go in there alone.
You can't go in there until you put this on.
You can't go in there yet.
You can't go in there!
You can't go in there.
You can't go in with this.
You can't go in.
You can't go inside a lost temple without your hat and whip!
You can't go naked in this hotel.
You can't go now.
You can't go on like this.
You can't go out anywhere without a face mask right now. Even though you don't think you'll get coronavirus, it's still seen as good manners to wear a mask for the sake of not infringing any discomfort to other people.
You can't go out dressed like that.
You can't go out for a walk in this weather.
You can't go out there.
You can't go out with your friends until you clean your room.
You can't go out.
You can't go outside.
You can't go over your boss's head.
You can't go over your boss.
You can't go public with that.
You can't go putting your values on people's work!
You can't go right now.
You can't go shopping today.
You can't go shopping with Tom, can you?
You can't go swimming in this lake.
You can't go there alone.
You can't go there by yourself.
You can't go there.
You can't go to Boston this weekend.
You can't go to town.
You can't go walking in this weather.
You can't go where I'm going.
You can't go with them.
You can't go with us.
You can't go wrong if you are advised by me.
You can't go wrong if you read the instructions carefully.
You can't go yet because you still have a few things to do.
You can't go yet.
You can't go yet. There are a lot of things I want to discuss with you.
You can't go.
You can't handle another one.
You can't handle it.
You can't handle my high level of excitement about life.
You can't handle my power.
You can't handle the truth!
You can't handle the truth.
You can't handle this alone.
You can't hang out here.
You can't hate the guy.
You can't have a celebration without fireworks.
You can't have a conversation without an interlocutor.
You can't have a cookie now.
You can't have a fist without a hand; you can't have a song without a mouth.
You can't have a masterpiece without failures.
You can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
You can't have a say in the matter when death is surrounding you closely and following every of your steps.
You can't have any of this cake.
You can't have anything from the grill.
You can't have both books.
You can't have both of them.
You can't have both of those.
You can't have both.
You can't have dessert until you finish your meal.
You can't have everything in life.
You can't have everything.
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
You can't have fun all the time.
You can't have it all.
You can't have it back.
You can't have it both ways.
You can't have left it at the airport.
You can't have lost your coat in the house.
You can't have pets in this apartment building.
You can't have seen me.
You can't have that.
You can't have the final word with death.
You can't have the job.
You can't have the sewing machine yet. It's still being used.
You can't have the sewing machine yet; it's still being used.
You can't have this dog.
You can't have this kitten, but you can have any of the other ones.
You can't have this.
You can't have too much of a good thing.
You can't have understood what Tom said.
You can't have understood what he said.
You can't have wanted it.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.
You can't have your cake and eat it.
You can't have your own way in everything.
You can't have your way in everything.
You can't heal a broken heart.
You can't hear me very well, can you?
You can't help Tom anymore.
You can't help Tom now.
You can't help Tom tomorrow because you have to work all day.
You can't help Tom.
You can't help being what you are.
You can't help but like Tom.
You can't help but like her.
You can't help but like him.
You can't help but like them.
You can't help her anymore.
You can't help her.
You can't help him anymore.
You can't help him.
You can't help how you feel.
You can't help it, can you?
You can't help me now.
You can't help me, can you?
You can't help me.
You can't help now. It's too late.
You can't help them anymore.
You can't help them now.
You can't help them.
You can't help us now.
You can't help what happens.
You can't help yourself, can you, Tom?
You can't help yourself.
You can't help.
You can't hide forever, Tom.
You can't hide forever.
You can't hide from me forever.
You can't hide from me.
You can't hide love, or a cough.
You can't hide the fact from Tom.
You can't hide the fact from her.
You can't hide the fact that you're having a hard time. Bad news travels fast you know.
You can't hide what you've done from God.
You can't hit Mary and expect her not to hit you back.
You can't hit Tom and Mary and expect them not to hit you back.
You can't hit Tom and expect him not to hit you back.
You can't hit them all out of the park.
You can't hold a candle to him.
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
You can't hold it against me simply because I disagree with you.
You can't hold me responsible.
You can't hold that against me.
You can't hope to catch up with him.
You can't hope to get the final word with death.
You can't hope to have your own way in everything.
You can't hug your children with nuclear arms.
You can't hurt Tom.
You can't hurt her.
You can't hurt him.
You can't hurt me any more than you already have.
You can't hurt me anymore.
You can't hurt me.
You can't hurt my feelings.
You can't hurt them.
You can't hurt us.
You can't hypnotise me.
You can't hypnotize me.
You can't hypnotize someone into doing something they themselves don't want to do.
You can't identify silence with agreement when you visit Japan.
You can't ignore Tom's request.
You can't ignore Tom.
You can't ignore her.
You can't ignore him.
You can't ignore it.
You can't ignore the obvious.
You can't ignore the risk.
You can't ignore their existence and rights.
You can't ignore them.
You can't imagine all the trouble you're in.
You can't imagine doing that, can you?
You can't imagine how beautiful she is when she wears a Kabyle dress.
You can't imagine how busy I was.
You can't imagine how concerned I was.
You can't imagine how difficult it is for Tom.
You can't imagine how difficult it was for Tom.
You can't imagine how happy I am.
You can't imagine how happy I was.
You can't imagine how happy she was.
You can't imagine how hard it is for Tom.
You can't imagine how hard it was for Sami.
You can't imagine how hard it was for Tom.
You can't imagine how humiliating this is.
You can't imagine how hungry I was.
You can't imagine how much I admired him.
You can't imagine how much I like it!
You can't imagine how much I regretted what happened.
You can't imagine how much I suffered during the last days because of you.
You can't imagine how much I've lost.
You can't imagine how much suffering you've caused me.
You can't imagine how much you've made me suffer.
You can't imagine how relieved I am.
You can't imagine how thirsty I am.
You can't imagine how tired I am.
You can't imagine it, can you?
You can't imagine my happiness.
You can't imagine what I feel for you.
You can't imagine what I've been through.
You can't imagine what Tom is going through.
You can't imagine what happened!
You can't imagine what my life's been like since you've left.
You can't impose that on us!
You can't improve on perfection.
You can't insist on everything going your way.
You can't install cameras in bathrooms as a matter of privacy.
You can't insult my father under this roof.
You can't interfere.
You can't intimidate me.
You can't intimidate us.
You can't introduce evidence that way!
You can't joke around with the powerful karma that all Capricorns naturally possess.
You can't joke with a topic such as death.
You can't judge Tom by ordinary standards.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You can't judge a person based on clothing.
You can't judge a person by appearance, just as you can't measure the sea with a pint pot.
You can't judge a person if you don't know him well.
You can't judge by looks alone.
You can't judge happiness in terms of money.
You can't judge people by their looks.
You can't judge their works by the same standards.
You can't jump. It's too high.
You can't just answer emails from people you don't know.
You can't just assume that.
You can't just barge in here whenever you feel like it.
You can't just blow me off like that.
You can't just change your mind.
You can't just come and go as you please.
You can't just come here and change everything!
You can't just come here without an appointment.
You can't just come in here and start ordering people around.
You can't just decide things unilaterally like that. We have to come to a consensus.
You can't just declare something over and have it be the case.
You can't just disappear like that.
You can't just do anything you want.
You can't just do it!
You can't just do one thing at a time.
You can't just do that.
You can't just do this.
You can't just do what you want when you want.
You can't just do whatever you want.
You can't just generalize like that.
You can't just give up.
You can't just go anywhere you want.
You can't just go out and buy a replacement for this.
You can't just go up there.
You can't just go.
You can't just have it.
You can't just hide here for the rest of your life.
You can't just ignore it.
You can't just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing.
You can't just laugh it away.
You can't just learn Berber on paper.
You can't just leave me all alone.
You can't just leave me here to die.
You can't just leave me here.
You can't just leave someone to their own devices in a hazardous, unfamiliar setting!
You can't just leave us here with no food and water.
You can't just leave us.
You can't just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant.
You can't just leave.
You can't just let Tom do that.
You can't just lie to Tom.
You can't just lie to her.
You can't just lie to him.
You can't just lie to me.
You can't just lie to them like that.
You can't just lie to them.
You can't just lie to us.
You can't just live any way you want.
You can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy.
You can't just make everyone do what you want them to.
You can't just make this stuff up.
You can't just make up the rules as you go along.
You can't just not do anything about it!
You can't just not do your job.
You can't just not go to work.
You can't just not pay someone for work you hired them to do.
You can't just not say anything.
You can't just not show up.
You can't just pass off your questionable sartorial decisions as "pushing the envelope" of fashion.
You can't just pretend that nothing happened.
You can't just quit a job like that.
You can't just quit.
You can't just redefine words and expect people to know what you mean.
You can't just sack me!
You can't just shake it off.
You can't just sit here all day.
You can't just spend all of your time doing this.
You can't just stand back while the world collapses around you!
You can't just stand by and do nothing.
You can't just stand by and let this happen.
You can't just stand there and watch Tom die.
You can't just stay away.
You can't just stay in bed all day.
You can't just string along every new employee with promises you never keep.
You can't just take your clothes off on the street.
You can't just walk around and start slandering people.
You can't just walk away from this mess.
You can't just walk away.
You can't just walk in here and start dictating policy.
You can't just walk in here.
You can't just walk out willy-nilly!
You can't just waltz in here.
You can't just waltz into my life and start telling me what to do.
You can't just work all day every day. You need to take a vacation once in a while.
You can't justify it like that.
You can't justify what you did.
You can't keep Mary from doing whatever she wants to do.
You can't keep Tom and Mary from doing whatever they want to do.
You can't keep Tom from doing whatever he wants to do.
You can't keep Tom from going to work today.
You can't keep Tom from going to work tomorrow.
You can't keep Tom from wishing he could go to college.
You can't keep Tom locked in his room.
You can't keep a cat here.
You can't keep a good man down.
You can't keep a secret.
You can't keep acting as if everything is OK.
You can't keep beating yourself up over things that happened years ago.
You can't keep doing that.
You can't keep doing this to Tom.
You can't keep doing this to me.
You can't keep doing this to yourself.
You can't keep doing this to yourselves.
You can't keep doing this, Tom.
You can't keep doing this.
You can't keep escaping your problems.
You can't keep going like that. It'll kill you.
You can't keep hiding from me, Tom.
You can't keep hiding from the truth.
You can't keep hiding like this.
You can't keep it from me forever.
You can't keep living in a dream world.
You can't keep living in this manner.
You can't keep living this way.
You can't keep lying for ever.
You can't keep lying forever.
You can't keep me from doing that.
You can't keep me here forever.
You can't keep me here no matter what you do.
You can't keep me here.
You can't keep mollycoddling your child or they could come out pathetic.
You can't keep people from talking.
You can't keep pretending you don't have feelings for me.
You can't keep secrets from me!
You can't keep secrets from me.
You can't keep something that big a secret.
You can't keep spending money like this.
You can't keep talking to me like this.
You can't keep that secret.
You can't keep the ring Tom gave you. You ought to give it back.
You can't keep the ring Tom gave you. You should give it back.
You can't keep the ring Tom gave you. You should return it.
You can't keep the ring that Tom gave you. You ought to give it back.
You can't keep the ring that Tom gave you. You should give it back.
You can't keep the ring that Tom gave you. You should return it.
You can't keep the truth from him forever.
You can't keep this a secret forever.
You can't keep this a secret.
You can't keep this secret forever.
You can't keep this up forever, Tom.
You can't keep those.
You can't keep treating me like a kid.
You can't keep us here.
You can't keep using mine forever.
You can't kick Tom out of the club.
You can't kick me around any more.
You can't kick me around anymore.
You can't kick me out.
You can't kill both of us.
You can't kill me.
You can't kill someone that's already dead.
You can't kill us all.
You can't kill us both.
You can't kill your teacher over a quiz.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
You can't know everything.
You can't know his merits by his appearance.
You can't know that for sure.
You can't know that in advance; every case is different.
You can't know that.
You can't know whether it is true.
You can't land there.
You can't learn Toki Pona in a day or two.
You can't learn a foreign language in just a couple of weeks.
You can't learn a language without making mistakes.
You can't learn everything about Kabylie from books. You need to visit the region.
You can't learn here! This is a school!
You can't learn how to spell if you use spellcheck.
You can't learn that in school.
You can't learn to ride a horse without falling.
You can't learn to speak a foreign language correctly without making mistakes.
You can't leave Boston today.
You can't leave Tom behind.
You can't leave a baby alone.
You can't leave because the door is locked.
You can't leave her behind.
You can't leave here until you talk to Tom.
You can't leave here.
You can't leave him behind.
You can't leave it like that!
You can't leave it like that.
You can't leave like this.
You can't leave me after you got me pregnant.
You can't leave me hanging like that!
You can't leave me hanging.
You can't leave me here alone with Tom.
You can't leave me here alone.
You can't leave me here with these people.
You can't leave me here.
You can't leave me here. I know my rights.
You can't leave me like this, Tom.
You can't leave me like this.
You can't leave me now.
You can't leave me.
You can't leave now!
You can't leave now.
You can't leave the house like this, little man!
You can't leave them behind.
You can't leave this room.
You can't leave until we say you can leave.
You can't leave until you say it in Berber.
You can't leave until you've said goodbye to Tom.
You can't leave us alone.
You can't leave us here by ourselves.
You can't leave us here!
You can't leave us here.
You can't leave us like this.
You can't leave us, Tom.
You can't leave without my permission.
You can't leave without paying.
You can't leave yet, Tom.
You can't leave yet.
You can't leave.
You can't legally set a mousetrap in California without a hunting license.
You can't let Mary drink by herself.
You can't let Mary have her way all the time.
You can't let Tom and Mary do that.
You can't let Tom and Mary drink by themselves.
You can't let Tom behave that way.
You can't let Tom do that again.
You can't let Tom do that anymore.
You can't let Tom do that to you again.
You can't let Tom do that to you anymore.
You can't let Tom do that to you.
You can't let Tom do that.
You can't let Tom drink by himself.
You can't let Tom drive that old truck. Let him drive your new car.
You can't let Tom eat anything that has peanuts in it.
You can't let Tom get away with telling lies about you.
You can't let Tom get away with that.
You can't let Tom get on that train.
You can't let Tom go alone.
You can't let Tom go outside.
You can't let Tom have his own way.
You can't let Tom have his way all the time.
You can't let Tom leave.
You can't let Tom sing.
You can't let Tom stay here.
You can't let Tom suffer.
You can't let Tom win again.
You can't let Tom win anymore.
You can't let Tom win.
You can't let anybody know I said that.
You can't let anybody know I'm here.
You can't let anybody know that I said that.
You can't let anybody know that I'm here.
You can't let anyone else know.
You can't let anyone know I said that.
You can't let anyone know I'm here.
You can't let anyone know about this.
You can't let anyone know that I said that.
You can't let anyone know that I'm here.
You can't let anyone know what it is.
You can't let anyone know where I'm going.
You can't let her do this to you.
You can't let her go outside.
You can't let her have her way all the time.
You can't let her stay here.
You can't let her suffer.
You can't let her win.
You can't let him do that to you.
You can't let him do this to you.
You can't let him go even in your dreams.
You can't let him go outside.
You can't let him have his own way.
You can't let him have his way all the time.
You can't let him stay here.
You can't let him suffer.
You can't let him win.
You can't let it get to you.
You can't let me suffer.
You can't let other people make your decisions for you.
You can't let other people walk over you like that.
You can't let that affect you.
You can't let that come between you and Tom.
You can't let that happen.
You can't let the dog out of the yard.
You can't let them get away with this.
You can't let them go outside.
You can't let them stay here.
You can't let them suffer.
You can't let them take my kids away from me.
You can't let them win.
You can't let these things get to you.
You can't let things rattle you.
You can't let this situation get you down.
You can't let this stuff get to you.
You can't let those people change you.
You can't let those people do that.
You can't let those people go.
You can't let us suffer.
You can't let wishful thinking guide your decisions.
You can't let your guard down for a second around that guy.
You can't lie to yourself.
You can't lift the piano by yourself.
You can't lift the piano on your own.
You can't lift the piano.
You can't list that as an excuse for being late.
You can't live alone.
You can't live beyond your means forever.
You can't live forever.
You can't live here anymore.
You can't live in Tiznit if you don't speak Tashelhit.
You can't live in the past.
You can't live like that anymore.
You can't live like that.
You can't live like this forever.
You can't live like this.
You can't live on Jupiter.
You can't live on Venus.
You can't live on bread alone.
You can't live on crisps.
You can't live on hope alone.
You can't live on love and fresh air alone.
You can't live on potato chips.
You can't live on that island.
You can't live on this side anymore.
You can't live someone else's life.
You can't live with those.
You can't live without air.
You can't live without love.
You can't live without me.
You can't live without money.
You can't live without oxygen.
You can't live without sleep.
You can't live without water.
You can't live your life under these conditions.
You can't lock me up for that.
You can't look at it.
You can't look at that.
You can't look to the future with tears in your eyes.
You can't lose that much weight.
You can't lose what you don't have.
You can't lose what you never had.
You can't lose.
You can't make Mary help if she doesn't want to.
You can't make Tom and Mary help if they don't want to.
You can't make Tom do that.
You can't make Tom help if he doesn't want to.
You can't make a career out of it.
You can't make a good meal without good ingredients.
You can't make a life for yourself without getting some sort of education or training after high school.
You can't make a living being a writer.
You can't make a living doing that.
You can't make a mixture of oil and water.
You can't make a rope out of sand.
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
You can't make bread without tiring out your hands.
You can't make bricks without straw.
You can't make broad assumptions.
You can't make everybody happy.
You can't make everyone happy all the time.
You can't make everyone happy.
You can't make good soup with cheap meat.
You can't make heads or tails of it without a pint.
You can't make humorous jokes with a topic such as death.
You can't make it alone.
You can't make it without me.
You can't make light humor with a topic such as death.
You can't make light humor with serious subjects such as death.
You can't make light humour on a serious topic as serious as death.
You can't make me come.
You can't make me do anything I don't want to do.
You can't make me do that.
You can't make me do this.
You can't make me fall in love with a man I don't find attractive.
You can't make me go in there.
You can't make me go.
You can't make me happy.
You can't make me leave.
You can't make me love a man I'm not interested in.
You can't make me love you.
You can't make me mad.
You can't make me sing.
You can't make me translate.
You can't make me.
You can't make noise here.
You can't make someone like you.
You can't make someone love you.
You can't make something from nothing.
You can't make something out of nothing.
You can't make this stuff up.
You can't make this up!
You can't make this up.
You can't make up for lost time.
You can't make up your mind, can you?
You can't make us leave.
You can't make us stop.
You can't make what has happened go away.
You can't marry Tom.
You can't marry a man with a poor salary.
You can't marry her.
You can't marry him.
You can't marry your aunt.
You can't master a foreign language in a short time; you have to study it step by step.
You can't mean that.
You can't mend with a wound.
You can't mess this up.
You can't mess with people's feelings.
You can't mine diamonds without an iron pickaxe or better.
You can't mislead me.
You can't miss it.
You can't miss our house if you follow this street.
You can't miss seeing this wonderful film.
You can't miss the bank. It's on the right.
You can't miss this flight.
You can't miss this party, it's going to be epic!
You can't miss what you never had.
You can't miss what you've never had.
You can't mistake him for his younger brother.
You can't mistake it.
You can't mix oil and water.
You can't mix oil with water.
You can't move as fast as Mary.
You can't necessarily judge a book by its cover, but you can judge people by the company they keep.
You can't negociate a deal with death, when it is running after you, you can't run away from it.
You can't negotiate a deal with death to convince it to keep you alive.
You can't negotiate with terrorists.
You can't not go.
You can't obligate them to have sex.
You can't only eat meat.
You can't open a window on a plane.
You can't open it, can you?
You can't open the door because the child is sleeping.
You can't open the eyes of those who don't want to see.
You can't open the menu while you're in a cutscene.
You can't or you won't?
You can't order me around!
You can't order me around.
You can't outfox him.
You can't outrun that bear.
You can't overdose on homeopathic medicine.
You can't overtake that lorry now.
You can't park around here.
You can't park here, because there is a sign.
You can't park here, but it's OK to park over there.
You can't park here.
You can't park here. However, there is a parking lot just around the corner.
You can't park in a handicapped parking space unless you have a special permit.
You can't park in front of my house at weekends.
You can't park in front of my house on weekends.
You can't park in this street.
You can't park on a bridge.
You can't park on the pavement.
You can't park on this street.
You can't park there.
You can't park your car here.
You can't park your car in this road.
You can't park your car there without permission.
You can't pass up this opportunity!
You can't pay cash at this till.
You can't pay for that with a cheque card.
You can't pay me enough to do that.
You can't pay someone to sleep for you.
You can't pay someone to sleep with you.
You can't pay too much for good shoes.
You can't pay.
You can't pet bears.
You can't phrase it like that in German.
You can't pick who you fall for.
You can't pick who you fall in love with.
You can't pick your birth parents.
You can't play baseball here.
You can't play chess with a pigeon. It'll just knock over the pieces, crap on the board, and strut around acting like it won.
You can't play pool without a cue stick.
You can't play tennis on a windy day.
You can't play tennis on days when it's very windy.
You can't play tennis on very windy days.
You can't play tennis on windy days.
You can't play with our feelings like that.
You can't please everybody, because not everyone is human.
You can't please everybody.
You can't please everyone!
You can't please everyone.
You can't polish a jewel without rubbing it.
You can't possibly be jealous of my relationship with my mother!
You can't possibly be serious.
You can't possibly be that naive.
You can't possibly be this dense.
You can't possibly expect me to believe you didn't know what had happened.
You can't possibly expect me to do such a thing.
You can't possibly expect me to do that.
You can't possibly expect me to do this.
You can't possibly expect me to spend that much money on this piece of junk.
You can't possibly go.
You can't possibly leave.
You can't possibly really believe that.
You can't possibly really think Tom and Mary are happy.
You can't possibly really think Tom is Canadian.
You can't possibly really think Tom is a doctor.
You can't possibly really think Tom is happy.
You can't possibly think that life works the same way for everyone.
You can't possibly win.
You can't postpone the party.
You can't power a city on common sense.
You can't predetermine things like fate.
You can't prefer that dull woman to me.
You can't pretend it didn't happen.
You can't pretend that it didn't happen.
You can't pretend that this didn't happen.
You can't pretend this didn't happen.
You can't prevent Tom from drinking.
You can't prevent him from drinking.
You can't prohibit me from doing that.
You can't protect Tom forever.
You can't protect everybody all the time, Tom.
You can't protect me forever.
You can't protect your children forever.
You can't prove a thing.
You can't prove any of this.
You can't prove anything.
You can't prove it.
You can't prove that the Quran is wrong.
You can't prove that.
You can't pull it off.
You can't pull the wool over my eyes.
You can't purchase this medicine without a prescription.
You can't put a "thank you" inside your pocket.
You can't put a price on a human life.
You can't put a price on a life.
You can't put a price on love.
You can't put a price on that.
You can't put a value on a life.
You can't put an old head on young shoulders.
You can't put anything over on Tom.
You can't put anything past this lunatic!
You can't put him off until tomorrow?
You can't put it off any longer.
You can't put more than 64 GB of memory on this motherboard.
You can't put off doing that any longer.
You can't put on this dress. It's degrading.
You can't put that into words.
You can't put the genie back in the bottle.
You can't put these things off.
You can't put toothpaste back in the tube.
You can't put two saddles on the same horse.
You can't put your faith in men you don't know.
You can't question the Quran.
You can't quit now.
You can't quit this company.
You can't quit.
You can't raise a cat to be a dog.
You can't read French, can you?
You can't read Japanese, can you?
You can't read a story if you don't understand.
You can't read anymore?
You can't read this novel without crying.
You can't read too many books.
You can't read while you're eating.
You can't really be Algerian and not religious.
You can't really be a reveller on your own, you have to party with others.
You can't really be as mean as people say you are.
You can't really be serious.
You can't really believe he's going to win the election.
You can't really blame Tom for getting angry.
You can't really blame Tom for that.
You can't really change people.
You can't really control who you'll fall in love with.
You can't really do this in China.
You can't really expect Tom to change his mind.
You can't really expect Tom to change.
You can't really expect me to do your homework for you.
You can't really expect to get better at French if you don't study.
You can't really expect to win.
You can't really figure out whether someone's a decent person or not based on their clothing.
You can't really mean that.
You can't really peel the skin of a strawberry tree fruit.
You can't really put a price on them.
You can't really read my mind, can you?
You can't really shoot your own dog, can you?
You can't really think this is funny.
You can't really trust Ziri.
You can't really understand another person until you walk a mile in their shoes.
You can't reanimate the dead.
You can't reason with Tom.
You can't reason with a drunk.
You can't reason with a fundamentalist, regardless of whether they're a Christian or an atheist.
You can't reason with crazy people.
You can't reason with her.
You can't reason with him.
You can't reason with someone who is unreasonable.
You can't reason with them.
You can't recognize today if you don't want to look at yesterday.
You can't relive the old days but you can visit some places to try and recapture some memories.
You can't rely on Tom.
You can't rely on her.
You can't rely on him these days to do a proper job.
You can't rely on him.
You can't rely on his help.
You can't rely on me in this matter.
You can't rely on medicine alone if you want to get well.
You can't rely on rumors.
You can't rely on this machine.
You can't rely on what he says.
You can't rely on what was said before an election really mattering after the election.
You can't remember her. You were too young.
You can't remember her: you were too young.
You can't remember it and I'll never forget it.
You can't remember them. You were too young at that time.
You can't remember, can you?
You can't replace Tom.
You can't replace a guy like Tom.
You can't replace someone like Tom.
You can't replace the comma with a period in this sentence.
You can't resign now.
You can't retire yet.
You can't ride a bike because you're only five years old.
You can't ride a horse in Algiers.
You can't ride a horse.
You can't ruin someone's life over and over and just keep saying you meant well.
You can't rule it out.
You can't rule the heart.
You can't run away from age.
You can't run away from me now.
You can't run away from this.
You can't run away from us.
You can't run away from your fate.
You can't run away from yourself.
You can't run away.
You can't run forever, Tom.
You can't run from the past.
You can't run in school.
You can't run my life.
You can't run, Tom.
You can't rush this, Tom.
You can't sack Tom.
You can't sack me.
You can't save everybody.
You can't save everyone.
You can't save me.
You can't save the world by yourself.
You can't say "in French" after everything and expect French people to understand you.
You can't say I didn't try.
You can't say I didn't warn you.
You can't say I never tried.
You can't say a word about this to anyone.
You can't say anything about this to Tom.
You can't say anything else.
You can't say anything till you know the circumstances.
You can't say anything.
You can't say four-letter words on TV.
You can't say he's a good cook.
You can't say no to Tom, can you?
You can't say no to her.
You can't say no.
You can't say one thing and do another.
You can't say she's a good cook.
You can't say that I didn't warn you.
You can't say that civilization doesn't advance, however, for in every war they kill you in a new way.
You can't say that in Bokmål.
You can't say that it is a good hobby.
You can't say that to Tom!
You can't say that word in my country!
You can't say that, Tom.
You can't say that.
You can't say we didn't warn them.
You can't say weird stuff like that, unless you want everyone else to think you're an odd fish.
You can't say with certainty where Marie lives.
You can't say you want to die just because you're having a bit of a rough time.
You can't scare me.
You can't score if you don't shoot.
You can't seat Tom next to Mary.
You can't second-guess a jury.
You can't see Anna in her wedding dress until the morning of the wedding, otherwise it's bad luck.
You can't see Mt. Fuji from here.
You can't see Tokyo in just one or two days.
You can't see Tom anymore.
You can't see Tom today.
You can't see Tom.
You can't see a thing through these smeary windows.
You can't see air with your eyes.
You can't see an awful lot.
You can't see anything because of the fog.
You can't see anything from here.
You can't see anything from there.
You can't see anything in there!
You can't see anything through these smeary windows.
You can't see everything.
You can't see galaxies without a telescope.
You can't see gas; it's invisible.
You can't see her anymore.
You can't see her today.
You can't see her.
You can't see him anymore.
You can't see him because he is engaged.
You can't see him today.
You can't see him.
You can't see in the dark.
You can't see it from here.
You can't see it.
You can't see me, can you?
You can't see me.
You can't see more than ten metres in the fog.
You can't see my house from here.
You can't see the TV from your angle.
You can't see the forest behind the trees.
You can't see the forest for the trees.
You can't see the wood for the trees.
You can't see them anymore.
You can't see them today.
You can't see those windshield chips at all.
You can't see too well with these LCD displays.
You can't see what I can see.
You can't see your ankle with that one.
You can't see.
You can't seem to finish anything.
You can't sell it.
You can't sell our piano!
You can't sell the cow and keep the milk.
You can't send Christmas cards to everyone.
You can't send me there.
You can't separate dreams from reality?
You can't separate language from culture.
You can't separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
You can't separate time from space.
You can't seriously be considering this.
You can't seriously expect me to go home now.
You can't seriously expect that they won't recognize you in that disguise. That lopsided, dime store moustache is a dead giveaway!
You can't seriously expect to keep everything to yourselves.
You can't seriously want me to sell my house.
You can't seriously want me to sell our house.
You can't set the temperature too high.
You can't shake someone's hand with a clenched fist.
You can't shoot Tom in the back.
You can't show this video to anyone.
You can't show your mom this.
You can't shut your eyes to it.
You can't sign with a pencil.
You can't silence our voice.
You can't silence us.
You can't sing and dance on Good Friday.
You can't sing here.
You can't sing very well.
You can't sit here if you're not going to play poker with us.
You can't sit here.
You can't sit next to me.
You can't sit on the fence about this any longer; either you're with me or against me.
You can't sit there.
You can't sit there. That's Grandad's chair.
You can't sit with Tom.
You can't sit with me.
You can't skateboard here.
You can't skip cutscenes in this game.
You can't sleep here.
You can't sleep more than 24 hours a day.
You can't sleep on my bed.
You can't smear an entire religion for what some extremists do in its name.
You can't smoke during work hours.
You can't smoke except on the terrace.
You can't smoke here.
You can't smoke in here.
You can't smoke in my room.
You can't smoke in public places anymore.
You can't smoke in school.
You can't smoke in this room.
You can't solve all the life little mysteries.
You can't speak English with 100 words.
You can't speak English, can you?
You can't speak English, right? Or can you?
You can't speak English.
You can't speak French very well, can you?
You can't speak French, can you?
You can't speak to me like that. I'm your boss.
You can't spend money you don't have.
You can't spend the night here.
You can't spend the night outside, it's cold.
You can't spend what you don't have.
You can't sprint if your food bar is at under three drumsticks.
You can't squeeze blood out of a turnip.
You can't stand Tom, can you?
You can't stand his voice.
You can't stand it, can you?
You can't start from scratch.
You can't start over.
You can't stay all day.
You can't stay angry with me for ever.
You can't stay at home all day.
You can't stay at home on a day like that, can you?
You can't stay for long.
You can't stay here any longer.
You can't stay here any longer. It's dangerous for us.
You can't stay here anymore.
You can't stay here for ever.
You can't stay here forever.
You can't stay here now.
You can't stay here tonight.
You can't stay here without supervision.
You can't stay here.
You can't stay home all day.
You can't stay in here all day.
You can't stay mad at me forever.
You can't stay there.
You can't stay up too late.
You can't stay with Tom.
You can't stay, Tom.
You can't step into the same river twice.
You can't step twice into the same river.
You can't stick your head out of the window. It's dangerous.
You can't still be mad at me.
You can't stop Tom.
You can't stop bullets.
You can't stop death from striking because when it has taken you as its next target, you just can't escape it.
You can't stop her.
You can't stop him.
You can't stop inside a tunnel.
You can't stop it.
You can't stop me from doing that.
You can't stop me from going to Kabylie.
You can't stop me from living my life the way I want to.
You can't stop me from saying what I'm planning to say.
You can't stop me from thinking about it.
You can't stop me now.
You can't stop me.
You can't stop now.
You can't stop people from leaving Islam.
You can't stop people from talking.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop smiling.
You can't stop someone from lying to you.
You can't stop the normal march of scientific progress.
You can't stop the rise of Algeria.
You can't stop the wind from blowing, but you can build windmills.
You can't stop them.
You can't stop there.
You can't stop this.
You can't stop us.
You can't stop.
You can't strip a naked man.
You can't study too hard.
You can't substitute money for health.
You can't succeed if you don't work.
You can't succeed without hard work.
You can't suppress the truth.
You can't survive without money.
You can't swap baking powder for baking soda.
You can't swim here.
You can't swim to the island. It's too far away.
You can't swim well, can you?
You can't swim, can you?
You can't swim.
You can't swim. Isn't that so?
You can't take Tom seriously.
You can't take a piano to the beach.
You can't take a picture in the theater without permission.
You can't take any excess baggage on the plane.
You can't take away these books.
You can't take from a man who has nothing left to lose.
You can't take it with you when you die.
You can't take it with you.
You can't take pictures here.
You can't take pictures in the theater without permission.
You can't take that away from me.
You can't take that with you.
You can't take that.
You can't take the laptop back.
You can't take the law into your own hands.
You can't take the medicine on an empty stomach.
You can't take this away from me.
You can't take this medication unless you have a medical prescription.
You can't take those!
You can't talk about politics here.
You can't talk to Tom like that.
You can't talk to Tom today.
You can't talk to a mole about the stars, they can't see them.
You can't talk to animals.
You can't talk to me like that.
You can't talk to me like this.
You can't talk to me that way.
You can't talk to us like that.
You can't talk to us that way.
You can't tame a wolf.
You can't teach a crab how to walk straight.
You can't teach a man to fish if he complains about having to fish.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
You can't teach old dogs new tricks.
You can't teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
You can't tell Tom about what we did.
You can't tell Tom not to go.
You can't tell Tom what happened.
You can't tell Tom what really happened.
You can't tell Tom what to do.
You can't tell a book by its cover.
You can't tell anybody what I just told you.
You can't tell anybody what's going on.
You can't tell anybody.
You can't tell anyone about this.
You can't tell anyone about what we did.
You can't tell anyone this, OK?
You can't tell anyone what I just told you.
You can't tell anyone.
You can't tell her not to go.
You can't tell her outright.
You can't tell her what to do.
You can't tell him not to go.
You can't tell him outright.
You can't tell him what to do.
You can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step in.
You can't tell me anything.
You can't tell me not to go.
You can't tell me the thought has never crossed your mind.
You can't tell me what to do!
You can't tell me what to do.
You can't tell me who I can or can't talk to.
You can't tell me you've never thought of doing that.
You can't tell them not to go.
You can't tell them what to do.
You can't tell these twins apart.
You can't tell us not to go.
You can't tell us what to do.
You can't tempt me.
You can't think without a brain.
You can't threaten me.
You can't throw me out.
You can't tickle yourself.
You can't touch it!
You can't touch the paintings.
You can't translate if you don't interpret correctly.
You can't translate what you don't understand.
You can't translate without interpreting.
You can't travel overseas without a passport.
You can't travel the earth.
You can't treat Tom like that.
You can't treat me like that.
You can't treat me like this.
You can't treat me this way.
You can't treat people like that.
You can't treat the class as a whole, but must pay attention to each member.
You can't trick me.
You can't truly think I would do something like this, can you?
You can't trust Tom, but you can trust Mary.
You can't trust Tom.
You can't trust a word Tom says.
You can't trust anybody in this crazy world.
You can't trust anybody.
You can't trust anyone over thirty.
You can't trust anyone these days.
You can't trust anyone.
You can't trust anything I say.
You can't trust anything Tom says.
You can't trust anything he says.
You can't trust anything she says.
You can't trust anything they say.
You can't trust computer translation.
You can't trust either of them.
You can't trust everything you see.
You can't trust him with anything. He's very irresponsible.
You can't trust him.
You can't trust or believe anyone.
You can't trust people of that ilk.
You can't trust politicians.
You can't trust rumors.
You can't trust rumours.
You can't trust some random person off a personals site.
You can't trust that bloke.
You can't trust that guy.
You can't trust the police here.
You can't trust the police.
You can't trust them.
You can't trust these people.
You can't trust what Tom says.
You can't trust what she says.
You can't trust what you read online.
You can't turn away from the life path that destiny has played out for you.
You can't turn back now.
You can't turn back the clock.
You can't turn back time.
You can't turn left on this street.
You can't turn right on red here.
You can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
You can't understand how I feel.
You can't understand it; you're a man.
You can't understand my struggles.
You can't understand my ultimate purpose in this world.
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
You can't understand.
You can't undo what's already been done.
You can't undress a naked man.
You can't unravel all of life's little mysteries.
You can't unring a bell.
You can't unscramble a scrambled egg.
You can't unscramble an egg.
You can't use my scissors.
You can't use our towels.
You can't use that.
You can't use this computer any more.
You can't use this faucet. It's out of order.
You can't use this tap. It's out of order.
You can't use this washing machine.
You can't use this.
You can't use those.
You can't use too much garlic.
You can't use your card here.
You can't use your sadness as an excuse to be ungodly.
You can't view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
You can't violate Tom's privacy.
You can't vote unless you're 18 or over.
You can't wait any longer.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
You can't wake up someone who is pretending to be asleep.
You can't walk around town naked.
You can't walk around with all that money.
You can't walk away from this.
You can't walk naked on the street.
You can't walk on the beach.
You can't walk out on me.
You can't walk your pets along this beach.
You can't walk, can you?
You can't walk, fly and swim at the same time.
You can't walk.
You can't wash your books.
You can't watch a movie without popcorn.
You can't watch the game.
You can't wear skinny jeans if you're not skinny.
You can't wear street shoes in the pool.
You can't wear sweatpants.
You can't wear that hat to school.
You can't wear that.
You can't wear those clothes to work.
You can't weasel out of this.
You can't weasel out of your obligations, no matter how much you try.
You can't win against the truth.
You can't win all the time.
You can't win an argument with an idiot.
You can't win every time.
You can't win if you don't play.
You can't win if you don't try.
You can't win the lottery if you don't buy a ticket.
You can't win them all.
You can't win this battle.
You can't win this.
You can't win unless you try.
You can't win, Tom.
You can't win.
You can't work here forever.
You can't worry about me anymore.
You can't wring any more money from me.
You can't write "Pfirsichbäumchen"? It's so simple!
You can't yell at Tom.
You can't yell at her.
You can't yell at him.
You can't yell at me like that.
You can't yell at them.
You can't yet have the sewing machine. It's still in use.
You can't.
You can.
You cancelled the meeting.
You cannot abase someone who has no shame.
You cannot accuse him of theft without having proof.
You cannot achieve anything without effort.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot add a real number and an imaginary number.
You cannot add a single day to your life, but you can add life to all of your days.
You cannot always have your own way.
You cannot analyse the data efficiently unless you draw a plot.
You cannot appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
You cannot argue with Tom.
You cannot at all imagine how much suffer you caused her.
You cannot avoid meeting Tom.
You cannot be a blood donor.
You cannot be both unhappy and fully present in the Now.
You cannot be careful in the mountains.
You cannot be friends with Tom.
You cannot be rude to everyone and expect to get away with it forever.
You cannot be serious!
You cannot be serious.
You cannot be sure of it.
You cannot be too careful about spelling.
You cannot be too careful about your health.
You cannot be too careful driving a car.
You cannot be too careful in choosing friends.
You cannot be too careful in choosing your friends.
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street.
You cannot be too careful in crossing the street.
You cannot be too careful in riding a bicycle.
You cannot be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You cannot be too careful of your health.
You cannot be too careful when crossing the street.
You cannot be too careful when driving.
You cannot be too careful when you choose your job.
You cannot be too careful when you do the job.
You cannot be too careful when you drive a car.
You cannot be too careful when you drive.
You cannot be too careful.
You cannot be too diligent.
You cannot be too good to your parents.
You cannot be too polite in front of her.
You cannot be too polite when you meet the president.
You cannot be with Tom now.
You cannot be with Tom.
You cannot become successful if you are not willing to put in the work.
You cannot believe a word he says.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
You cannot blame Tom for everything.
You cannot bomb knowledge.
You cannot burn anything without oxygen.
You cannot buy friends, you can only make friends.
You cannot buy happiness.
You cannot buy that judge.
You cannot calculate on his punctuality.
You cannot catch a heavy box with one hand.
You cannot catch birds by throwing stones at them.
You cannot catch them.
You cannot change his mind.
You cannot change the Quran.
You cannot change the world.
You cannot change what has already happened.
You cannot change what you refuse to confront.
You cannot chase a bullet.
You cannot cheat on us.
You cannot climb up that mountain.
You cannot climb!
You cannot code anything without a computer.
You cannot come over.
You cannot compare him to Tom.
You cannot compare me to Tom.
You cannot compare that.
You cannot compare the strength of a man to that of a tiger, but nevertheless, the tiger is still the inferior creature.
You cannot complain.
You cannot conquer us.
You cannot control me because you're not by girlfriend.
You cannot count on her because she's too irresponsible.
You cannot count on her because she’s too irresponsible.
You cannot cover a house with a single tile.
You cannot create a settler state without the elimination of the natives.
You cannot dance.
You cannot date Tom. He is your brother.
You cannot defeat Tom.
You cannot defeat me!
You cannot defect to another country unless you can travel there.
You cannot defend yourself against stupidity.
You cannot defend yourself.
You cannot defend yourselves.
You cannot demand of someone something that is impossible for them to do.
You cannot democratize a starving people.
You cannot depend on his support for your project.
You cannot die.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
You cannot do all these things at once.
You cannot do anything outside in this hot weather.
You cannot do it like this.
You cannot do it this way.
You cannot do it tomorrow.
You cannot do it with Tom.
You cannot do this.
You cannot do without a good dictionary.
You cannot drink here.
You cannot drink this water.
You cannot drive because you have drunk.
You cannot eat all the cookies.
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
You cannot enter the museum. It is currently under repair.
You cannot escape this.
You cannot escape.
You cannot expect much of him.
You cannot expect such a good chance again.
You cannot face the truth.
You cannot fail this time.
You cannot find it anywhere else.
You cannot find yourself in the past or future. The only place where you can find yourself is in the Now.
You cannot fool Tom.
You cannot fool me.
You cannot force Tom to do it.
You cannot force anybody to become Muslim.
You cannot force someone to stay if they want to leave. If I want to stay, can they force me to leave?
You cannot forget that he is as young as you.
You cannot fully imagine how much I love you.
You cannot get along with him because he speaks continuously.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
You cannot get her out of your mind. You really identify with an older woman, not with a boy like me. It may be a psychic spell on you.
You cannot get the coronavirus through mosquito bites.
You cannot give it to Tom.
You cannot go any farther.
You cannot have the property although Indai was your late wife.
You cannot have your cake and eat it out.
You cannot have your cake and eat it too.
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.
You cannot have your own way in everything.
You cannot have your way in everything.
You cannot heal a broken heart.
You cannot hit your brother.
You cannot hit your sister.
You cannot imagine how happy she was.
You cannot imagine the experience of holding a tungsten cube. You can only feel its massive presence by holding it yourself.
You cannot install cameras in bathrooms as a matter of privacy.
You cannot invest more money.
You cannot judge a book by its cover.
You cannot judge a person if you don't know him well.
You cannot judge a person if you don’t know him well.
You cannot key in numbers because the NumLock LED is off.
You cannot kill yourself by holding your breath.
You cannot laugh at me.
You cannot learn a language without tongue contact.
You cannot learn such a thing too soon.
You cannot learn the truth unless you hear what both parties have to say.
You cannot learn too much about your own language.
You cannot leave Tom unattended.
You cannot leave like that.
You cannot leave the car in gear.
You cannot leave the exam room.
You cannot lift the piano alone.
You cannot live by love alone.
You cannot live without water.
You cannot lose what you never had.
You cannot lose.
You cannot make a crab walk straight.
You cannot make a good mark without working hard.
You cannot make a mistake.
You cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
You cannot make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear.
You cannot make an omelet without breaking eggs.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
You cannot make fun of him.
You cannot make omelets without breaking eggs.
You cannot miss it.
You cannot mix oil and water.
You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
You cannot order just one frog leg.
You cannot outsmart destiny.
You cannot overestimate his abilities.
You cannot overtake the truck now.
You cannot park your car here.
You cannot pay.
You cannot please everyone.
You cannot pluck love out of your heart as you would pull a tooth.
You cannot praise a child enough for doing something well.
You cannot pray away depression. You need therapy.
You cannot predict when an earthquake will happen.
You cannot prepare for that.
You cannot prevent him from drinking.
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.
You cannot put the entire blame on me!
You cannot put this into an Excel spreadsheet.
You cannot put time limits on grief.
You cannot read this novel without crying.
You cannot reason with a potato chip.
You cannot recapture lost time with money.
You cannot rely on his help.
You cannot rely on official acknowledgment alone as the salvation of the Berber language.
You cannot rely on official education alone as the salvation of the Berber language.
You cannot rely on politicians.
You cannot rely upon Jim's words since he tries to please everybody.
You cannot rely upon Jim’s words since he tries to please everybody.
You cannot remember your father. You were still an infant when he died.
You cannot respect such a great man too much.
You cannot save the game at this moment.
You cannot save the game right now.
You cannot say a word.
You cannot scale creativity.
You cannot see heaven until you are dead yourself.
You cannot see your own back.
You cannot see your own face without a mirror.
You cannot sell the cow and drink the milk.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
You cannot shackle the BDSM community and beat it into submission.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You cannot shoot and kill the BDS Movement.
You cannot sleep outside, it's cold.
You cannot smoke in the class.
You cannot smoke in this room.
You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way.
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method.
You cannot speak English yet.
You cannot spend money like this.
You cannot stay here tonight.
You cannot step into the same river twice.
You cannot substitute money for health.
You cannot succeed without being industrious.
You cannot sue us!
You cannot sue yourself.
You cannot swim here.
You cannot take Tom seriously.
You cannot take a picture in the theater without permission.
You cannot take a sentence in one language and translate it into another word for word. Languages don't work like that.
You cannot take a sentence in one language and translate it into another, word for word. Languages don't work like that.
You cannot take anything from this world. Life goes by quickly. Your love only lasts a second. What else can be true?
You cannot take back what you have once lost.
You cannot take back what you have said.
You cannot take everyone into the future, some people have to stay in the past.
You cannot take everyone into tomorrow; some people have to stay in yesterday.
You cannot take it away from Tom.
You cannot take it away from me.
You cannot take pictures in the theater without permission.
You cannot talk in the hallway.
You cannot talk to me directly because you think that you speak English poorly.
You cannot tame a wolf.
You cannot think how good a time we had.
You cannot throw a stick without hitting a wild boar in the area.
You cannot translate the sentence word-for-word.
You cannot travel without a passport.
You cannot turn back the wheel of time.
You cannot turn the wheel back.
You cannot understand the economy of Algeria without understanding its political history.
You cannot undo what has already been done.
You cannot use his.
You cannot wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.
You cannot walk the streets in such a strange outfit.
You cannot want what you do not know.
You cannot win.
You cannot work too hard before examinations.
You cannot work with Tom.
You cannot work with someone if there is no respect between you.
You cannot yet get up.
You cannot.
You can’t "get" a great relationship; you can only find someone you love from the heart, and work together with them to achieve a great relationship.
You can’t accomplish anything without taking a risk.
You can’t accuse him of stealing unless you have proof.
You can’t afford to be careless in this experiment.
You can’t afford to neglect your health.
You can’t alter the past.
You can’t always get what you want.
You can’t apply this rule to every case.
You can’t apply this theory to this case.
You can’t appreciate his good points by just seeing what he looks like.
You can’t ask us to believe this.
You can’t attend? Why not?
You can’t back out of your responsibilities.
You can’t be a woman.
You can’t be afraid to make mistakes when learning a foreign language.
You can’t be at two places at once.
You can’t be hungry. You had a snack a few minutes ago.
You can’t be hungry. You’ve just had dinner.
You can’t be serious! He’s no more a doctor than I am.
You can’t be serious.
You can’t be so sure.
You can’t be too careful driving on the expressway.
You can’t be too careful in driving a car.
You can’t be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You can’t be too careful when doing this experiment.
You can’t be too careful when driving a car.
You can’t be too careful when you drive a car.
You can’t be too diligent.
You can’t be too vigilant.
You can’t believe a word of it.
You can’t believe a word of that.
You can’t believe anything that guy says.
You can’t bend me to your will.
You can’t blame her for not knowing what she hasn’t been taught.
You can’t blame him for the accident.
You can’t breathe here.
You can’t bribe that judge.
You can’t bring this in.
You can’t build buildings on swampy land.
You can’t buy apples any more!
You can’t buy everything you want with money.
You can’t buy it anywhere but there.
You can’t buy it under 1,000 yen.
You can’t buy this medicine without a prescription.
You can’t call dogs off from a fight.
You can’t care for pets.
You can’t carry people on your bike, didn’t you know?
You can’t change your horse when crossing a river.
You can’t cop out on explaining a price increase of that size by blaming OPEC; that won’t wash.
You can’t count on Tom’s help.
You can’t count on him for financial help.
You can’t count on his help.
You can’t count on their help.
You can’t deny the fact that she had a hand in it.
You can’t depend on him to be punctual.
You can’t do anything other than admire his courage.
You can’t do it unless you can imagine it.
You can’t do that here.
You can’t do that here. In fact, you aren’t allowed to do that anywhere.
You can’t do two things at once.
You can’t drink seawater because it is too salty.
You can’t drink seawater because it’s too salty.
You can’t drive. You’ve been drinking.
You can’t easily put photos on an iPad from more than one computer. However, you can email photos to yourself from various computers and download these photos to your iPad.
You can’t eat chicken? How do you know if you never try it?
You can’t eat here.
You can’t eat it just because it is nutritious.
You can’t eat your cake and have it.
You can’t enter here unless you have a pass.
You can’t enter that bookstore with your shirt off.
You can’t enter the building without a permit.
You can’t equate nationalism with fascism.
You can’t escape from reality.
You can’t establish a company without people.
You can’t estimate this state.
You can’t expect a man to change his habits at once, girl.
You can’t expect me to always think of everything!
You can’t expect me to make no misspellings at all.
You can’t expect more than that.
You can’t feel at ease with a headache.
You can’t fight City Hall.
You can’t fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
You can’t fight city hall.
You can’t fill your stomach with the food left on your beard.
You can’t find this article everywhere.
You can’t fire me because I quit!
You can’t fix it. You should buy a new one.
You can’t fool me with a trick like that.
You can’t fool me with your honeyed words.
You can’t get a job if you don’t have useful skills.
You can’t get a tree to grow on bad soil.
You can’t get ahead if you don’t work hard.
You can’t get anything for nothing.
You can’t get blood out of a stone.
You can’t get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
You can’t get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
You can’t get much wittier than that.
You can’t get the suitcase closed because you’ve stuffed too much into it.
You can’t get this at any bookseller’s.
You can’t go against the laws of nature.
You can’t go along this road.
You can’t go along this road. It is under repair.
You can’t go naked in this hotel.
You can’t go out.
You can’t go putting your values on people’s work!
You can’t go wrong if you are advised by me.
You can’t go wrong if you read the instructions carefully.
You can’t hang out here.
You can’t hate the guy.
You can’t have both books.
You can’t have dessert until you finish your meal.
You can’t have it both ways.
You can’t have left it at the airport.
You can’t have lost your coat in the house.
You can’t have understood what he said.
You can’t have your cake and eat it too.
You can’t have your cake and eat it, too.
You can’t have your cake and eat it.
You can’t have your own way in everything.
You can’t hide the fact from her.
You can’t hide the fact that you’re having a hard time. Bad news travels fast you know.
You can’t hope to catch up with him.
You can’t hope to have your own way in everything.
You can’t identify silence with agreement when you visit Japan.
You can’t imagine it, can you?
You can’t judge a book by its cover.
You can’t judge a person if you don’t know him well.
You can’t judge happiness in terms of money.
You can’t judge their works by the same standards.
You can’t just answer emails from people you don’t know.
You can’t just come in here and start ordering people around.
You can’t just do one thing at a time.
You can’t just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing.
You can’t just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy.
You can’t just make up the rules as you go along.
You can’t just walk around and start slandering people.
You can’t just work all day every day. You need to take a vacation once in a while.
You can’t keep a good man down.
You can’t keep putting this off.
You can’t kick me around any more.
You can’t know his merits by his appearance.
You can’t let your guard down for a second around that guy.
You can’t lift the piano.
You can’t live on this side anymore.
You can’t live without oxygen.
You can’t live without water.
You can’t make an omelet without breaking eggs.
You can’t make me do anything I don’t want to do.
You can’t master a foreign language in a short time; you have to study it step by step.
You can’t miss it.
You can’t mistake him for his younger brother.
You can’t mistake it.
You can’t mix oil with water.
You can’t or you won’t?
You can’t park here.
You can’t park here. However, there is a parking lot just around the corner.
You can’t park in a handicapped parking space unless you have a special permit.
You can’t park on the pavement.
You can’t park your car here.
You can’t pay too much for good shoes.
You can’t prove a negative.
You can’t prove that.
You can’t put a "thank you" inside your pocket.
You can’t put him off until tomorrow?
You can’t put two saddles on the same horse.
You can’t rely on him these days to do a proper job.
You can’t rely on his help.
You can’t rely on medicine alone if you want to get well.
You can’t rely on this machine.
You can’t ride a horse.
You can’t run in school.
You can’t run my life.
You can’t say anything till you know the circumstances.
You can’t say four-letter words on TV.
You can’t say that civilization doesn’t advance, however, for in every war they kill you in a new way.
You can’t say that the Earth is flat just because Minecraft is flat!
You can’t see Mt. Fuji from here.
You can’t see a golden cup, can you?
You can’t see air with your eyes.
You can’t see him because he is engaged.
You can’t see the forest behind the trees.
You can’t see the forest for the trees.
You can’t see too well with these LCD displays.
You can’t separate language from culture.
You can’t seriously expect that they won’t recognize you in that disguise. That lopsided, dime store moustache is a dead giveaway!
You can’t sleep here.
You can’t smoke in this room.
You can’t speak English, can you?
You can’t speak French, can you?
You can’t spend what you don’t have.
You can’t stay for long.
You can’t stay in here all day.
You can’t step into the same river twice.
You can’t stop me.
You can’t study too hard.
You can’t swim here.
You can’t swim, can you?
You can’t swim.
You can’t take away these books.
You can’t take it with you when you die.
You can’t take it with you.
You can’t teach a crab how to walk straight.
You can’t teach a pike how to swim.
You can’t teach an old dog new tricks.
You can’t teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
You can’t tell these twins apart.
You can’t tickle yourself.
You can’t travel overseas without a passport.
You can’t treat the class as a whole, but must pay attention to each member.
You can’t trust Tom.
You can’t trust anybody over thirty.
You can’t trust anybody.
You can’t trust anything he says.
You can’t trust him.
You can’t trust rumors.
You can’t turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
You can’t understand this sentence, can you?
You can’t unscramble an egg.
You can’t use this faucet. It’s out of order.
You can’t use this washing machine.
You can’t view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
You can’t win them all.
You can’t wring any more money from me.
You captivated me, dear.
You captured nothing.
You car is, like, butt ugly.
You care about the Kabyle language.
You care more about what people will say.
You care too much about what other people think.
You carried nothing.
You carried on.
You carried your child on your back.
You carried your son on your back.
You carry an aura of calm wherever you go.
You carry an elegance that speaks louder than words.
You carry strength within you.
You carry the calm of the night within you.
You carry the dawn in your heart.
You carry the light of the dawn within.
You carry the quiet of the mountains within.
You carry the strength of your ancestors within you.
You carry the weight of wisdom with ease.
You carry the wisdom of the ages.
You carry too much stuff in your handbag.
You carry too much stuff in your purse.
You carry within you a quiet strength that inspires.
You carry within you the calm of the ocean at dawn.
You carry within you the wisdom of the ages.
You carry yourself as if you never make mistakes.
You carry yourself with an elegance that inspires.
You carry yourself with dignity and calm.
You cast a big shadow.
You catch a big fish at times.
You catch me?
You catch more flies with honey than vinegar.
You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
You catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
You catch my drift?
You catch on quick.
You catch on quickly.
You caught Tom, didn't you?
You caught flies.
You caught me aback.
You caught me dressed in black.
You caught me flat-footed.
You caught me off guard.
You caught me off-guard.
You caught me!
You caught me.
You caught my eye.
You caught nothing.
You caught the ball, didn't you?
You caught the ball.
You caught the balloon.
You caught the birds, but someone else spread the net.
You caught the thief.
You caught three birds.
You caused that problem.
You caused this.
You caused yourself problems.
You cease to care.
You celebrate Christmas, don't you?
You certainly are an interesting person.
You certainly are clumsy.
You certainly are greedy.
You certainly are smart.
You certainly can't depend upon it.
You certainly couldn't do worse.
You certainly delivered the goods.
You certainly deserve a better life.
You certainly deserve a break.
You certainly did well today.
You certainly didn't make it easy.
You certainly fooled Tom.
You certainly fooled her.
You certainly fooled him.
You certainly fooled me.
You certainly fooled them.
You certainly have a lot of courage.
You certainly have a lot of questions.
You certainly knew Tom was married.
You certainly made an impression on Tom.
You certainly picked a nice time to start an argument.
You certainly play the piano well.
You certainly understand.
You certainly won't be bored here – I can guarantee you that.
You challenged us on all fronts.
You change your opinion every minute.
You changed a lot.
You changed it?
You changed my life.
You changed my name.
You changed the size?
You changed your baby's nappy.
You changed your clothes, didn't you?
You changed your clothes.
You changed your mind about it.
You charged me too much.
You charlatan!
You chase him out the door, but he climbs in through the window.
You chastise people for working hard.
You chatter too much.
You cheat on me with this slut?
You cheated me once, but you will never catch me again.
You cheated on her.
You cheated on him.
You cheated too!
You cheated, didn't you?
You cheated.
You cheating bitch!
You cheating bitch.
You check for a pulse, but find none.
You check in on me when I'm feeling down.
You checked this book out five months ago.
You cheer me up.
You chicken out again, you coward?
You children mustn’t make so much noise!
You choose your own path.
You chop wood every day, don't you?
You chopped a tree down.
You chopped down the branch with an ax.
You chopped off the chicken's head.
You chopped some onions.
You chose a good one.
You chose me yourself, didn't you?
You chose the right direction.
You chose them for us.
You chose this job yourself, right?
You chose to do that, didn't you?
You chose to do this. No one held a gun to your head.
You chose wisely.
You chose your own path, and I followed a different direction in life.
You claim all you like. We need evidence!
You claim an inequitable exchange on asymmetrical bases.
You claim that Tom is your friend. However, you've never helped him, nor did you do anything for him.
You claim that you are a scientist.
You claim to be an anti-imperialist, and yet you're waist deep in American right-wing propaganda. Curious.
You claim to be an empiricist, and yet you believe in "natural rights." Curious.
You claim you know me but you know shit about me.
You claim you weren't there. We'll see whether it's true or not.
You claimed you were drunk at the time.
You clapped excitedly.
You clean the living room and I will clean the bedroom.
You clean up nice.
You clean up.
You cleaned the bathtub.
You cleaned up the garden.
You cleaned up the house.
You cleaned up tonight, buddy.
You cleaned your house.
You cleaned your room.
You clearly are interested in buying that dress.
You clearly aren't very happy.
You clearly do not grasp even the basics of the field.
You clearly haven't read the FAQ.
You cleverly orchestrated a mistrial.
You close your eyes.
You closed your eyes.
You clown you.
You clutter up your room entirely too much with out-of-doors stuff, Anne.
You coat is dirty. You should get it cleaned.
You cocky little kid!
You collected coffee cups, didn't you?
You collected stamps.
You come back here.
You come back soon, OK?
You come from Algeria, don't you?
You come from Algeria. So you are Algerian.
You come from Beijing, right?
You come from Sweden.
You come from Taipei.
You come from home.
You come here to work, you know.
You come here, Jane, and you go over there, Jim.
You come here.
You come highly recommended.
You come on time today.
You come right in time. Can you please test the new model?
You come right in time. Can you please try the new model?
You come tomorrow as well!
You come up with some odd thoughts.
You come up.
You come, too.
You come.
You committed a federal crime.
You committed a serious offense today.
You communicate assertively.
You compete in ski races, don't you?
You complain a lot, don't you?
You complain and complain of backache, but you never visit a doctor.
You complain compulsively.
You complain too much.
You complained about that, didn't you?
You complement me.
You complete me.
You completely disappeared.
You completely forgot us.
You completely ignored how I felt about you.
You completely ignored me.
You completely ignored my feelings for you.
You completely manipulated Tom.
You completely missed my point.
You complicate things.
You complicated things.
You compose because you want to somehow summarize in some permanent form your most basic feelings about being alive, to set down... some sort of permanent statement about the way it feels to live now, today.
You computer is fixed now.
You concentrated.
You condemn your enemies for a number of horrible things, but you celebrate those things in your allies!
You confessed something to me.
You confessed that you had killed Mary.
You confuse it with love.
You confused Tom.
You confused him.
You confused me for a minute there.
You confused me for a minute.
You confused me.
You confused the students.
You conjugated verbs.
You consider me your brother.
You consider yourself an honest person?
You considered it, didn't you?
You considered yourself a woman of science.
You consistently disregard the value of punctuality.
You consistently express disagreement with my suggestions.
You consistently state that you want to take action, but you never follow through.
You consistently struggle to meet deadlines.
You constantly hog the TV remote and never let me watch what I want.
You constantly leave the lights on. Do you enjoy wasting electricity?
You constantly make excuses.
You constantly make me feel inadequate.
You constantly unlock the entrance of your home for them.
You constantly want to win in our arguments.
You consulted your doctor.
You continually make me feel unimportant.
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
You continue to be.
You continue to feed the poor water mill whose gears have worn out!
You continue to feed the poor water mill with worn out gears!
You continue to inspire me with your actions.
You continued drinking.
You continued.
You continuously disregard schedules.
You contracted chlamydia.
You contradict yourself constantly.
You contradicted the teacher.
You control that.
You control this.
You control your destiny.
You converted to Christianity.
You convinced me.
You cook better than I do.
You cook better than me.
You cook for Tom, don't you?
You cook so well.
You cook too?
You cook turkey with pears.
You cook.
You cooked the potatoes too long.
You cooked the steak just the way I like it.
You cooked the steak too long.
You cooked.
You copied a sentence.
You copy my sentences.
You corrected it, didn't you?
You corrected it, right?
You cough because you smoke.
You coughed directly into my mouth.
You coughed.
You could accomplish some amazing things if you put your mind to it.
You could afford to buy one of those if you wanted to.
You could also help me fill out this form.
You could also hire a car.
You could also say that he's at the bottom of the class, for sure.
You could also say that he’s at the bottom of the class, for sure.
You could also smile a bit.
You could always go with me.
You could always hand off some of the work to the junior staff.
You could always rely on the steam train in Budapest.
You could always tell him the truth.
You could argue that.
You could as well add some garbage just for good measure.
You could ask Tom about it.
You could ask Tom.
You could ask for a pay rise.
You could ask for a raise.
You could ask her.
You could ask him.
You could ask them.
You could at least apologise.
You could at least buy a hybrid.
You could at least call.
You could at least do a bit of study.
You could at least give it a try.
You could at least give me a hint.
You could at least have phoned us.
You could at least have rung us.
You could at least knock!
You could at least pay Tom a visit.
You could at least phone us.
You could at least pretend to be interested in what I'm talking about.
You could at least return her calls.
You could at least ring us.
You could at least say "thank you".
You could at least say "thank you."
You could at least say sorry.
You could at least say thank you.
You could at least say that you're sorry.
You could at least say you're sorry.
You could at least take a shower.
You could at least tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that anymore.
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it's not like you.
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it’s not like you.
You could at least try.
You could barely see those windshield chips.
You could be a great lawyer.
You could be a little nicer to your brother.
You could be a little nicer to your sister.
You could be correct.
You could be curing cancer right now.
You could be doing that now if you wanted to.
You could be doing that now.
You could be doing that right now.
You could be happy if you wanted.
You could be here for a long while.
You could be in danger.
You could be in over your head.
You could be in real danger.
You could be lying.
You could be mistaken.
You could be more forgiving.
You could be more modest.
You could be next.
You could be one of them.
You could be our next millionaire.
You could be right, I suppose.
You could be right.
You could be the first one to do that.
You could be the last one to do that.
You could be worse - you could be twins!
You could be worse, Tom, you could be twins!
You could be wrong.
You could benefit from this.
You could borrow my bicycle.
You could buy all of those things if you really want them.
You could buy anything in this store for Mary and she'd like it.
You could buy everything.
You could buy that for us.
You could collect money for a good cause as a living statue on the marketplace.
You could come and live with me.
You could come here more often.
You could come to Boston and spend the summer with me.
You could come with me if you like.
You could come with me if you want to.
You could count to ten when you were two years old.
You could count to ten when you were two.
You could describe him as a happy Muslim.
You could die.
You could do a lot if you put your mind to it.
You could do a lot worse than Tom.
You could do better.
You could do it if you really wanted to.
You could do it like that, but it would be better to do it this way.
You could do it this afternoon.
You could do it with Tom's help.
You could do it with Tom.
You could do it with hardly any money.
You could do much better.
You could do so much better.
You could do that again if you wanted to.
You could do that by phone.
You could do that easily.
You could do that for Tom.
You could do that for us.
You could do that if you put your mind to it.
You could do that if you really wanted to.
You could do that if you tried.
You could do that if you wanted to.
You could do that right now if you wanted to.
You could do that this afternoon.
You could do that today if you wanted to.
You could do that with Tom.
You could do that without anyone's help, I think.
You could do that yourself.
You could do that.
You could do this if you put your mind to it.
You could do this.
You could do worse.
You could drive home by yourself.
You could earn more doing something else.
You could easily do that.
You could easily have done that by yourself.
You could easily have done that by yourselves.
You could electrocute yourself if you aren't careful.
You could feed a village in Africa for the price of an iPhone subscription.
You could feel how the earth trembled.
You could feel that winter was ending.
You could feel the tension in the air.
You could forget about dinner.
You could get Tom to do that.
You could get a burger.
You could get a coffee.
You could get a reward.
You could get a ticket.
You could get arrested for that.
You could get dehydrated.
You could get deported.
You could get divorced.
You could get expelled.
You could get grounded.
You could get hurt out there, so be careful.
You could get hurt.
You could get in trouble for doing that.
You could get infected.
You could get into the Guinness Book of World Records as the heaviest drinker.
You could get killed there.
You could get killed.
You could get milk from the cows.
You could get rid of that if you wanted to.
You could get shot.
You could get sick.
You could get the picture framed.
You could give more.
You could give this to Tom if you wanted to.
You could give this to Tom.
You could go back to Australia if you wanted to.
You could go back to Boston if you wanted to.
You could go back to school.
You could go bathing or fishing.
You could go bowling with Tom if you want.
You could go home.
You could go on like this for a while.
You could go swimming if you wanted to.
You could go to Boston and spend the summer with Tom.
You could go to jail for that.
You could go to jail for this.
You could go to jail.
You could go to rest on the sea while I'm on a business trip.
You could go to the library.
You could hang me if I'm lying.
You could hardly hear her voice.
You could hardly see because of the snow.
You could have achieved a better result.
You could have all been killed.
You could have answered that question.
You could have asked me.
You could have asked us if we wanted any.
You could have avoided it if you had listened to me.
You could have been a victim.
You could have been happy.
You could have been hurt.
You could have been in very big trouble.
You could have been killed.
You could have been mistaken.
You could have been one of us.
You could have been really hurt.
You could have been the one.
You could have called and let me know you were going to be late.
You could have called.
You could have changed.
You could have chosen this one.
You could have come over.
You could have come stay with us.
You could have come to me.
You could have come with me.
You could have died.
You could have done better in your exams.
You could have done it.
You could have done more for her.
You could have done more for him.
You could have done that better.
You could have done that by yourself.
You could have done that if you'd had a little more patience.
You could have done that if you'd tried.
You could have done that in a lot less time if you'd tried.
You could have done that on your own.
You could have done that yesterday.
You could have done that yourself.
You could have done that.
You could have dropped all the plates.
You could have drowned.
You could have excused Tom from doing that.
You could have fooled me.
You could have given me more time to solve my things.
You could have given me more time to sort things out.
You could have gone by yourself.
You could have gone home early yesterday if you'd wanted to.
You could have gone.
You could have got better exam results.
You could have had better exam results.
You could have heard a pin drop in the restaurant after Mary slapped Tom in the face, threw a glass of wine over him and stomped out.
You could have heard a pin drop in the waiting room as Tom's cries of pain rang out from the dentist's treatment room.
You could have heard a pin drop.
You could have helped me.
You could have invited me.
You could have jeopardized the entire operation.
You could have just called me.
You could have just called.
You could have just talked to me.
You could have just told Tom.
You could have just told her.
You could have just told him.
You could have just told me.
You could have just told them.
You could have just told us.
You could have killed me, but you didn't.
You could have killed somebody.
You could have killed us both.
You could have knocked before entering!
You could have knocked us all down with a feather when, three months ago, she suddenly announced that she and Alfred were engaged!
You could have knocked.
You could have left earlier if you'd wanted to.
You could have left.
You could have let me know earlier.
You could have let me know you were going out tonight.
You could have let me know you were going to be late.
You could have omitted that last phrase in your letter.
You could have passed college.
You could have really hurt yourself.
You could have resuscitated Tom.
You could have ruined everything.
You could have run away.
You could have run.
You could have said no.
You could have said something.
You could have saved her, but you didn't.
You could have saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier.
You could have saved me a trip if you'd just told me I didn't need to be here today.
You could have sent Tom some money.
You could have seriously hurt yourself yesterday.
You could have shared your feelings with me.
You could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience.
You could have spent in college.
You could have stayed at my place.
You could have stayed in Boston.
You could have stayed quiet, but you didn't.
You could have stopped her.
You could have stopped him.
You could have stopped it.
You could have taken notes.
You could have talked to me first.
You could have talked to me.
You could have the picture framed.
You could have told me about this earlier.
You could have told me earlier.
You could have told me the first time.
You could have told me the truth.
You could have told me.
You could have told me. I would've understood.
You could have told the truth.
You could have trusted me.
You could have waited longer.
You could have walked away.
You could have warned me before.
You could have warned me.
You could have won the race if you'd run just a little bit faster.
You could have written.
You could hear a pin drop in the room.
You could hear a pin drop.
You could hear any noise at any point of the house.
You could hear her singing in the shower.
You could hear her singing under the shower.
You could hear him singing in the shower.
You could hear him singing under the shower.
You could hear nothing but the ticking of the clock.
You could hear the blast for kilometers.
You could hear the desperation in Mary's voice.
You could hear the rumble of the bass coming out into the street.
You could hear the rumble of the bass out in the street.
You could help me.
You could help us.
You could help.
You could hire someone to do it.
You could hire someone to do that.
You could hire someone to do this.
You could hurt yourself if you aren't careful.
You could hurt yourself if you're not careful.
You could hurt yourself.
You could hurt yourselves if you aren't careful.
You could hurt yourselves if you're not careful.
You could incriminate yourself if you aren't careful.
You could incriminate yourself if you're not careful.
You could invite me.
You could kill somebody.
You could kill someone.
You could lead.
You could learn a few things from Tom.
You could learn a few things from her.
You could learn a lot from that graybeard.
You could learn a lot from that greybeard.
You could learn a lot from them if you'd only listen.
You could leave early today if you wanted to.
You could leave now if you wanted to.
You could let us go.
You could lose everything if you're not careful.
You could make Tom do that if you wanted to.
You could make a religion out of this.
You could never do that.
You could never rely on him.
You could not choose.
You could not hear what I was saying.
You could not step twice into the same river; for other waters are ever flowing on to you.
You could only fit about four people in this room.
You could only laugh about it, if it wasn't so sad.
You could open a banana restaurant!
You could pass for a teenager if you wore a T-shirt.
You could pass.
You could pay someone to fix that for you.
You could play tennis with Tom.
You could probably do that alone.
You could probably do that later if you wanted to.
You could probably use a magnet to pick up those screws.
You could put it that way.
You could put makeup on a pig, but it's still a pig.
You could put someone's eye out with that.
You could read Kant by yourself, if you wanted; but you must share a joke with someone else.
You could really do with a haircut.
You could really fix the error that you found in the sentence.
You could really get hurt.
You could record Tom's voice.
You could relax.
You could run.
You could save a lot of money if you didn't eat out so often.
You could save money by buying in bulk.
You could say I'm a bit of a dreamer.
You could say I'm shy.
You could say both, I think.
You could say he's gay.
You could say it that way, but it's quite vulgar.
You could say she has a sweet tooth.
You could say she's your average housewife.
You could say something.
You could say that France is the predominant cultural power in Europe.
You could say that I'm a bit of a dreamer.
You could say that Mrs. Smith is a television addict.
You could say that both balls have the same weight.
You could say that both of those balls are the same weight.
You could say that you love me.
You could say that.
You could say the same thing about a lot of people.
You could say the team lost because of their bad serves.
You could say this translation is historically accurate.
You could scarcely speak.
You could search the world over and never find another man more honest than Tom.
You could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than Mary.
You could see Tom tomorrow.
You could see Tom was sleepy.
You could see Tom was tired.
You could see blood everywhere.
You could see children playing in the creek.
You could see for miles and miles around you, and the sky above was like a great glass dome.
You could see from his face that he was bored.
You could see he was angry.
You could see her on the verge of tears.
You could see slime in many places, and garbage floating in the water.
You could see that Tom was sleepy.
You could see that Tom was tired.
You could see the calmness, you could see the cleanness at the polling stations, you could see people are celebrating.
You could see the elation in the president's face when he announced that our shares are going to be listed on the First Section of the TSE next year.
You could see the elation in the president’s face when he announced that our shares are going to be listed on the First Section of the TSE next year.
You could see the entire city from the top of the Ferris wheel.
You could see the eyes of wolves shining in the glow of the campfire.
You could see the film's twist ending coming from a mile away.
You could see the glow of the fire for miles.
You could see the look of scorn on Tom's face.
You could see the marks of the cat's paws in the snow.
You could see the moon over the rooftop.
You could see the oblong shape of the rat as it passed down the snake's gullet.
You could see the oblong shape of the rat as it passed down the snake’s gullet.
You could see the sadness in Tom's eyes.
You could see the weevils that have infested the rice.
You could sell that.
You could sit on my lap if you want.
You could sit on that log.
You could sleep between two pillows.
You could sleep in the hammock.
You could slow down.
You could smell the fragrant olives as they rode the wind aimlessly. In that moment it felt like autumn.
You could spend your vacation in Australia.
You could start your own company.
You could start.
You could stay absorbed watching TV for hours.
You could stay and help.
You could stay at our house if you want to.
You could stay with us in Boston if you want.
You could stay.
You could still do that in a nicer way.
You could still fit into that Kabyle dress.
You could still hear the prompter in the tenth row.
You could still improve your manners a little.
You could still protest.
You could stop this.
You could stop us from doing that if you wanted to.
You could swim now.
You could take your attitude and shove it up your ass.
You could talk to Tom.
You could talk to a different counselor if you want to.
You could talk to her.
You could talk to him.
You could talk to me.
You could talk to them.
You could talk to us.
You could teach Berber in Algeria.
You could teach monkeys a thing or two!
You could tell Tom and Mary didn't like each other.
You could tell Tom and Mary liked each other.
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his fall.
You could tell Tom's heart wasn't in it.
You could tell by the ear-to-ear grin that came to his face that he really had something to smile about.
You could tell by the look on Tom's face that he was disappointed.
You could tell by the look on Tom's face that he was lying.
You could tell he was fairly impatient.
You could tell he was quite impatient.
You could tell it was his first day.
You could tell that Tom and Mary didn't like each other.
You could tell that Tom and Mary liked each other.
You could tell that Tom and Mary were in pain.
You could tell that Tom was in pain.
You could tell that it was his first day.
You could tell they were angry by the clinching of their fists.
You could tell us if there was anyone else.
You could think that there is a difference.
You could train a goat to do practically anything a dog does, except bark.
You could try and be a bit more civilized.
You could try asking Tom for help.
You could try asking Tom what he thinks.
You could try doing what Tom did.
You could try the store across the street. They may have what you're looking for.
You could try to be more considerate.
You could try.
You could use a good lawyer.
You could use my help, Tom.
You could use some rest.
You could use some sleep.
You could use yours.
You could wait a little longer if you want me to.
You could walk to the island on no tide.
You could walk to the library.
You could wear a wig for a while while you grew your hair out.
You could well be right.
You could win lots of money.
You could wind up in prison if you do that.
You could work for me.
You could write a book about bananas.
You could write for a living.
You could've all been killed.
You could've answered that question.
You could've asked me first.
You could've asked me.
You could've at least phoned us.
You could've at least pretended that you considered the evidence.
You could've at least rung us.
You could've been happy.
You could've been hurt.
You could've been killed.
You could've been mistaken.
You could've been one of us.
You could've been really hurt.
You could've been the one.
You could've been with me.
You could've called and let me know that you were going to be late.
You could've called and let me know you were going to be late.
You could've called and warned me.
You could've called me yourself.
You could've called me.
You could've called.
You could've changed.
You could've chosen an easier way to do that.
You could've chosen the easier way, too.
You could've come over.
You could've come to me.
You could've come with me.
You could've died.
You could've done better in your exams.
You could've done it alone.
You could've done it.
You could've done something.
You could've done that better.
You could've done that by yourself.
You could've done that if you'd had a little more patience.
You could've done that if you'd tried.
You could've done that in a lot less time if you'd tried.
You could've done that on your own.
You could've done that yesterday.
You could've done that yourself.
You could've done that yourselves.
You could've done that.
You could've drowned.
You could've excused Tom from doing that.
You could've fooled me.
You could've gone by yourself.
You could've gone home early yesterday if you'd wanted to.
You could've gone.
You could've got better exam results.
You could've greeted me!
You could've had better exam results.
You could've had me do it.
You could've heard a pin drop in the restaurant after Mary slapped Tom in the face, threw a glass of wine over him and stomped out.
You could've heard a pin drop.
You could've helped me.
You could've invited me.
You could've jeopardized the entire operation.
You could've just called.
You could've just talked to me.
You could've just told Tom.
You could've just told her.
You could've just told him.
You could've just told me.
You could've just told them.
You could've just told us.
You could've killed me, but you didn't.
You could've killed me.
You could've killed somebody.
You could've killed us both.
You could've knocked me down with a feather.
You could've knocked me over with a feather.
You could've knocked.
You could've learned a lot from them if only you had listened.
You could've left earlier if you'd wanted to.
You could've left.
You could've let me know earlier.
You could've let me know that you were going out tonight.
You could've let me know that you were going to be late.
You could've let me know you were going out tonight.
You could've let me know you were going to be late.
You could've phoned me.
You could've put some effort into wrapping it, though.
You could've really hurt yourself.
You could've really hurt yourselves.
You could've resuscitated Tom.
You could've ruined everything.
You could've run away.
You could've run.
You could've rung me.
You could've said a hi.
You could've said no.
You could've said something.
You could've saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier.
You could've saved me a trip if you'd just told me I didn't need to be here today.
You could've sent Tom some money.
You could've seriously hurt yourself yesterday.
You could've stayed at my place.
You could've stayed in Australia.
You could've stayed in Boston.
You could've stayed quiet, but you didn't.
You could've taken notes.
You could've talked to me first.
You could've talked to me.
You could've told Tom.
You could've told me about this earlier.
You could've told me earlier.
You could've told me that before!
You could've told me that before.
You could've told me that earlier.
You could've told me that sooner.
You could've told me the truth.
You could've told me.
You could've told me. I would have understood.
You could've told me. I would've understood.
You could've told the truth.
You could've trusted me.
You could've used the time you spent waiting tidying up.
You could've waited a few more days.
You could've waited longer.
You could've walked away.
You could've warned me against Tom.
You could've warned me.
You could've won the race if you'd run just a little bit faster.
You could've written.
You couldn't act your way out of a paper bag.
You couldn't be bothered to say anything to them? God, just how lazy are you?
You couldn't be contacted.
You couldn't be further from the truth by saying that.
You couldn't be more correct.
You couldn't be more wrong.
You couldn't be reached.
You couldn't choose.
You couldn't count on Tom.
You couldn't depend on Tom.
You couldn't do it, could you?
You couldn't do that even if you tried.
You couldn't do that, could you?
You couldn't drive very fast.
You couldn't forget it.
You couldn't get two people more different than Tom and Mary.
You couldn't give me the money I asked for.
You couldn't go instead of him, could you?
You couldn't handle the pressure.
You couldn't have been with him.
You couldn't have come up with a dumber statement than that.
You couldn't have done anything else.
You couldn't have done more than that.
You couldn't have done this without me.
You couldn't have found a better place.
You couldn't have known that.
You couldn't have known what was going to happen.
You couldn't have known.
You couldn't have picked a better spot.
You couldn't have picked a better time.
You couldn't have picked a worst spot.
You couldn't have timed it better.
You couldn't hear what I was saying.
You couldn't help it.
You couldn't just don a skullcap and gatecrash a synagogue.
You couldn't keep from crying.
You couldn't live without me.
You couldn't live without water.
You couldn't make Tom do that.
You couldn't make it up if you tried.
You couldn't make it up.
You couldn't make this up if you tried.
You couldn't make this up.
You couldn't manage alone.
You couldn't open the door because it was bolted from inside.
You couldn't organise a piss-up in a brewery!
You couldn't pay me to do that.
You couldn't possibly believe that, Tom.
You couldn't possibly understand.
You couldn't pour piss from a boot with instructions on the heel.
You couldn't say that was a plan with any sense of reality to it.
You couldn't see anything because of the fog.
You couldn't see him.
You couldn't sleep either, huh?
You couldn't solve the problem, could you?
You couldn't stop Tom from doing that, could you?
You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.
You couldn't tell the difference?
You couldn't turn the radio down, could you?
You couldn't understand what he was saying.
You couldn't wait, could you?
You couldn’t say that was a plan with any sense of reality to it.
You couldn’t solve the problem, could you?
You couldn’t tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.
You counted it on me.
You counted on your brother.
You counted.
You coward!
You crack me up, Tom.
You crack me up.
You cried out during your sleep again.
You cried, didn't you?
You cried.
You crippled Mina.
You criticize without offering any solutions.
You criticize, but you never offer any solutions.
You cross all the boundaries.
You crossed a line.
You crossed over the road.
You crossed the line.
You crossed the line; never do that again.
You crossed the street.
You crushed your enemies.
You cry.
You cut down a cherry tree.
You cut the dead trees down.
You damn idiot!
You damned bitch!
You damned rascals, do you want to live forever?
You dance better than Tom does.
You dance better than Tom.
You dance quite well.
You dance really well.
You dance very well.
You danced well.
You danced wonderfully tonight.
You danced.
You dang kids better get off my lawn!
You dare brandish your weapons in front of your king?
You dare not eat me!
You dare not look me in the face, or else I will rip you apart.
You dared Tom to do that, didn't you?
You dead.
You deafened me.
You deal with Tom. I'll deal with Mary.
You deal with it.
You dealt quite well with the situation.
You dealt with the situation quite well.
You deceived him.
You deceived me.
You deceived us all.
You deceived us.
You deceived your husband.
You decide on what to do.
You decide to stay an extra hour.
You decide what you want to do.
You decide! It's your future!
You decide.
You decided not to go there.
You decided to do that instead, didn't you?
You decided to enter the room, didn't you?
You declined to give a reply.
You decorated it, didn't you?
You decorated the hall.
You deepened the holes.
You defended yourself.
You definitely can't compare Marseilles and Lyons.
You definitely didn't have to do that.
You definitely didn't need to do that.
You definitely don't have the good nature of your mother.
You definitely don't have to do that.
You definitely don't need to do that.
You definitely have talent.
You definitely like Chinese food.
You definitely looked better last night.
You definitely need some time off.
You definitely need to do that.
You definitely need to see a doctor.
You definitely need to spend more time studying.
You definitely needed to do that.
You definitely should not skip this step.
You definitely won't like it.
You delivered a baby before?
You delivered the wrong package.
You demand a lot in a small amount of time.
You demand a lot, and quickly.
You demanded a lawyer.
You denied breaking the window.
You denied having broken the window.
You denied it, didn't you?
You depend on others' help too much.
You depend too much on others.
You depicted him as worse than he is.
You deprived Tom of the only pleasure that he had.
You described him to me so precisely that I recognized him immediately.
You described the scenes.
You deserted your post.
You deserted your posts.
You deserve a better life.
You deserve a better wife than me.
You deserve a break after all your hard work.
You deserve a break.
You deserve a chance for a happier life.
You deserve a day of rest.
You deserve a good grade.
You deserve a higher salary.
You deserve a holiday.
You deserve a long rest.
You deserve a medal.
You deserve a pay raise.
You deserve a present.
You deserve a prize.
You deserve a raise.
You deserve a reward for this.
You deserve a salary hike.
You deserve a successful life.
You deserve a vacation.
You deserve all the cuddles.
You deserve all the praise.
You deserve better than that.
You deserve better.
You deserve career success.
You deserve congratulations.
You deserve each other.
You deserve everything you get.
You deserve good things.
You deserve happiness more than anyone.
You deserve happiness, too.
You deserve happiness.
You deserve it more than I do.
You deserve it.
You deserve it. You've worked so hard for it.
You deserve more than that.
You deserve more.
You deserve much better than that.
You deserve nothing but the best.
You deserve nothing less.
You deserve respect.
You deserve so much more than this.
You deserve someone who loves you deeply; I can't be that person.
You deserve that appreciation.
You deserve that.
You deserve the Oscar.
You deserve the best out of life.
You deserve the best.
You deserve the credit for it.
You deserve the prize.
You deserve this.
You deserve those compliments.
You deserve to be blamed for your bad deeds.
You deserve to be congratulated.
You deserve to be happy dear.
You deserve to be happy.
You deserve to be promoted.
You deserve to be so happy and I'll make you happy!
You deserve to be supervisor.
You deserve to be valued at work.
You deserve to believe in yourself.
You deserve to die.
You deserve to know the truth.
You deserve to know.
You deserve to lose everything, for being so egoistic.
You deserve to succeed.
You deserve to thrive in your career.
You deserved a whipping like that!
You deserved better.
You deserved everything you got.
You deserved it.
You deserved that kind of whipping!
You deserved that.
You deserved to win.
You deserved what you got.
You designed this, didn't you?
You desire me, no use denying it.
You desire my full attention.
You desire to have me entirely.
You desire to seek vengeance.
You desperately need a holiday.
You desperately need a vacation.
You despise Nick, don't you?
You despise Nick, don’t you?
You despise Tom, don't you?
You despise me, don't you?
You destroy everything.
You destroyed Tom's confidence.
You destroyed all my hopes.
You destroyed his self-love.
You destroyed me and my future. Now it's your turn to be destroyed.
You destroyed my BMW!
You destroyed my family.
You destroyed my life and now you expect me to forgive you.
You destroyed our love.
You destroyed the old house.
You destroyed their family.
You destroyed your root chakra.
You detest Tom, don't you?
You devil!
You dialed the wrong number.
You dialled the number.
You dialled the wrong number.
You did a bad job.
You did a fantastic job.
You did a favor for me when you said this.
You did a good job today.
You did a good job with the kids.
You did a good job.
You did a good thing.
You did a great job on that project.
You did a great job with Tom.
You did a great job.
You did a lot of good for Yaya.
You did a lot of work for us last month.
You did a lot of work in frantic haste.
You did a lot of work today.
You did a really good job.
You did a splendid job.
You did a very brave thing.
You did a very fine job! I take my hat off to you!
You did a very fine job! I take my hat off to you.
You did a very good job.
You did a very skilful job there.
You did all this?
You did all you could do.
You did all you could.
You did an amazing job on that presentation.
You did an amazing job.
You did an awesome job.
You did an excellent job.
You did an incredible job.
You did apologize for doing that, didn't you?
You did ask me to help you, didn't you?
You did better in the test than I did.
You did better on the exam than I did.
You did better on the exam than me.
You did everything I told you not to do.
You did everything correctly.
You did everything right.
You did everything wrong.
You did everything you could.
You did everything?
You did exactly what Tom wanted you to do.
You did excellent today.
You did fine, Tom.
You did good work today.
You did good work.
You did good.
You did great out there.
You did great.
You did have fun, didn't you?
You did help Tom, didn't you?
You did it again.
You did it all right.
You did it as well as you could.
You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead.
You did it for free?
You did it in front of the staff.
You did it on purpose!
You did it on purpose, didn't you?
You did it on purpose.
You did it to me.
You did it very efficiently.
You did it very well.
You did it without anyone's help, didn't you?
You did it without thinking about it.
You did it without thinking.
You did it wrong.
You did it!
You did it, Tom.
You did it, didn't you?
You did it.
You did just fine, Tom.
You did just fine.
You did know I was the one who was supposed to do that, didn't you?
You did know that I was the one who was supposed to do that, didn't you?
You did let him go?
You did lie.
You did like it, didn't you?
You did lose them, but gained me.
You did not accompany those women to Tizi.
You did not act as you ought.
You did not answer me.
You did not answer my question.
You did not answer us.
You did not believe Mary.
You did not believe me.
You did not call Marie.
You did not care.
You did not come to school yesterday.
You did not do your homework!
You did not even ask me what I wanted.
You did not expect to see them today.
You did not feel offended.
You did not find peace.
You did not get a present.
You did not go to Akfadou.
You did not go to Nador.
You did not have the same luck as her.
You did not have the same luck as him.
You did not just go there.
You did not keep your word.
You did not learn about people from Star Trek.
You did not like my book.
You did not listen to your heart.
You did not make a single mistake? That had to be blind luck!
You did not make the holes deeper.
You did not need to come so early.
You did not need to have your house painted.
You did not need to take an umbrella with you.
You did not put your hand in your pocket.
You did not respect yourself.
You did not respect yourselves.
You did not respond to my request.
You did not respond to our request.
You did not say anything personal.
You did not say so.
You did not send me a word.
You did not sharpen the knives.
You did not stay calm.
You did not talk about them.
You did not think that earlier.
You did not understand what I said.
You did not visit Colombia.
You did not walk to At Ksila.
You did not want the best.
You did not want to answer my questions.
You did not want to listen to me, now you're fucked.
You did not want to wake up.
You did not!
You did nothing else?
You did nothing to change that.
You did nothing wrong.
You did nothing.
You did plenty.
You did pretty good out there.
You did pretty well for a first-timer.
You did pretty well out there.
You did really well on the test.
You did really well.
You did research yourself.
You did research.
You did say that.
You did shit.
You did so much better this time.
You did some work for us a couple of years ago.
You did something incredibly stupid.
You did something that I would never do.
You did something that I'd never do.
You did something wrong.
You did talk to Tom, right?
You did tell Tom about that, right?
You did that about as well as we expected.
You did that again, didn't you?
You did that against your will, didn't you?
You did that all right.
You did that already.
You did that at the last minute, didn't you?
You did that better than we expected.
You did that better this time.
You did that by yourself, didn't you?
You did that deliberately.
You did that earlier this week, didn't you?
You did that even better than we expected.
You did that exceptionally well.
You did that for Sami but at the expense of me.
You did that for Tom, didn't you?
You did that for a few years, didn't you?
You did that for a long time, didn't you?
You did that for your children, didn't you?
You did that in 2013.
You did that in Boston last month, didn't you?
You did that in Boston last summer, didn't you?
You did that in a hurry, didn't you?
You did that in just a couple of days, didn't you?
You did that in school, didn't you?
You did that incorrectly.
You did that intentionally, didn't you?
You did that just to impress Tom, didn't you?
You did that last night, didn't you?
You did that on purpose!
You did that on purpose, didn't you?
You did that on purpose.
You did that on your own, didn't you?
You did that once.
You did that pretty well.
You did that quickly.
You did that really well.
You did that right this time.
You did that the hard way.
You did that the way Tom told you to do it, didn't you?
You did that the way Tom told you to, I hope.
You did that the wrong way.
You did that three days ago, didn't you?
You did that three months ago, didn't you?
You did that to Jamal?
You did that to yourself.
You did that very fast, didn't you?
You did that very quickly, didn't you?
You did that very quickly.
You did that very well.
You did that well.
You did that without Tom's help, didn't you?
You did that without anyone's help, didn't you?
You did that without thinking.
You did that wrong last time.
You did that wrong.
You did that yesterday, didn't you?
You did that, didn't you?
You did that.
You did the best you could.
You did the dishes.
You did the right thing by telling us.
You did the right thing.
You did the same thing Tom did, right?
You did the shopping.
You did the washing-up.
You did the wrong thing.
You did this intentionally!
You did this on purpose!
You did this on purpose, didn't you?
You did this one wrong.
You did this to me.
You did this, didn't you?
You did this.
You did this? All by yourselves?
You did try.
You did very well, Tom.
You did very well.
You did very well. I think he was impressed.
You did warn Tom, didn't you?
You did warn me, didn't you?
You did well here.
You did well not to follow his advice.
You did well to keep the secret.
You did well, Tom.
You did well, my son.
You did well.
You did well. Good job.
You did what had to be done.
You did what the rest of us couldn't do.
You did what to it?
You did what was necessary.
You did what was right.
You did what you could to help.
You did what you could.
You did what you had to do.
You did what you had to.
You did what you promised to do for me.
You did what you promised to do for us.
You did what?
You did wrong in trusting too much in your ability.
You did wrong to refuse his help.
You did wrong.
You did your best.
You did your homework.
You did your job well.
You did your job.
You did your part.
You did your part. Thank you.
You did, didn't you?
You didn't actually do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't actually do that yourself, did you?
You didn't actually do that yourselves, did you?
You didn't actually do that, did you?
You didn't actually go to Boston by bicycle, did you?
You didn't actually have to do that, did you?
You didn't actually have to do that.
You didn't actually lie to Tom, did you?
You didn't actually need to do that, did you?
You didn't actually need to do that.
You didn't actually see anything, did you?
You didn't actually want to do that, did you?
You didn't actually want to go to Australia, did you?
You didn't actually want to go to Boston, did you?
You didn't add salt!
You didn't add the bag.
You didn't agree to do that, did you?
You didn't answer at all.
You didn't answer me.
You didn't answer my question.
You didn't answer the question.
You didn't answer the way I wanted you to.
You didn't answer.
You didn't apologize to Tom for doing that, did you?
You didn't arrest me because you don't have evidence.
You didn't ask Tom anything. Why?
You didn't ask Tom for permission to do that, did you?
You didn't ask Tom not to do that, did you?
You didn't ask Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't ask him anything.
You didn't ask me.
You didn't ask the right questions.
You didn't begin without me, did you?
You didn't believe Tom at that time.
You didn't believe Tom could do that, did you?
You didn't believe Tom then.
You didn't believe Tom would do that, did you?
You didn't believe Tom would ever do that, did you?
You didn't believe me, did you?
You didn't believe me.
You didn't break it.
You didn't break the law.
You didn't bring flowers today.
You didn't bring it with you, did you?
You didn't bring your guitar, did you?
You didn't buy any bread.
You didn't buy bread.
You didn't buy that here, did you?
You didn't buy that story, did you?
You didn't buy that, did you?
You didn't buy the train tickets?
You didn't call Tom, did you?
You didn't call me.
You didn't catch on soon enough.
You didn't cause it to happen.
You didn't change at all.
You didn't change my speech, did you?
You didn't change the scene, did you?
You didn't change the script, did you?
You didn't change the title, did you?
You didn't choose your parents when you were born.
You didn't clean the apple.
You didn't clean the pot.
You didn't close the fridge.
You didn't collate the papers properly. Five doesn't come before three!
You didn't come at four. That's why they went without you.
You didn't come here alone, did you?
You didn't come here yesterday, did you?
You didn't come into the office yesterday and I want to know why.
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
You didn't come up with that yourself.
You didn't come up with that.
You didn't come.
You didn't commit a serious crime.
You didn't complain, did you?
You didn't confirm.
You didn't cook?
You didn't cry, did you?
You didn't defend Tom, I won't defend you.
You didn't deserve that.
You didn't die in vain.
You didn't do a very good job, I said.
You didn't do anything that I wouldn't have done.
You didn't do anything to change it.
You didn't do anything wrong.
You didn't do anything.
You didn't do enough research.
You didn't do it on purpose, did you?
You didn't do it right.
You didn't do it, did you?
You didn't do it.
You didn't do that after all, did you?
You didn't do that again, did you?
You didn't do that as much last month as you usually do.
You didn't do that as quickly as you usually do.
You didn't do that as well as I expected you to.
You didn't do that as well as I expected.
You didn't do that as well as I thought you would.
You didn't do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't do that by yourselves, did you?
You didn't do that correctly.
You didn't do that deliberately, did you?
You didn't do that for Tom, did you?
You didn't do that for me, did you?
You didn't do that for very long, did you?
You didn't do that intentionally, did you?
You didn't do that last week, did you?
You didn't do that on purpose, did you?
You didn't do that on your own, did you?
You didn't do that right.
You didn't do that very quickly, did you?
You didn't do that very well.
You didn't do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't do that, did you?
You didn't do that, either, did you?
You didn't do that.
You didn't do the right thing.
You didn't do the shopping and you didn't do the cleaning either.
You didn't do too badly.
You didn't do your homework, did you?
You didn't do your homework.
You didn't do your job, therefore, I'm taking away your supper.
You didn't do your paper.
You didn't draw your dog well.
You didn't dress up as Yuri, did you?
You didn't dress yourself.
You didn't drink all the wine that I bought, did you?
You didn't drink that water, did you?
You didn't drink that, did you?
You didn't eat all that chocolate I bought, did you?
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?
You didn't eat much lunch.
You didn't eat much.
You didn't eat that, did you?
You didn't eat the cake I made, your sister did.
You didn't eat the cake I made; your sister did.
You didn't eat the sandwich.
You didn't eat this morning. Of course you're hungry.
You didn't eat very much.
You didn't eat.
You didn't even apologize for doing that.
You didn't even apologize.
You didn't even ask how I was.
You didn't even bother telling me to my face.
You didn't even bother to call.
You didn't even cry.
You didn't even give Tom a chance to explain.
You didn't even give her a chance to explain.
You didn't even give him a chance to explain.
You didn't even give me a chance to explain.
You didn't even give me a chance.
You didn't even have an idea!
You didn't even know me then.
You didn't even know who was there.
You didn't even look at Ziri.
You didn't even notice I got my hair cut.
You didn't even notice that I got my hair cut.
You didn't even say "hello" to me!
You didn't even say goodbye.
You didn't even show your nose the whole time I was cooking, and now you're here?
You didn't even smile.
You didn't even tell me Tom had died.
You didn't even tell me that Tom had died.
You didn't even try to do that, did you?
You didn't even try, did you?
You didn't even try.
You didn't expect Tom to refuse to do that, did you?
You didn't expect Tom to want to do that, did you?
You didn't expect me to do that for you, did you?
You didn't expect that to happen, did you?
You didn't expect that, did you?
You didn't expect to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't expect to find me here, did you?
You didn't fall in love by chance?
You didn't feel dizzy.
You didn't find anything, did you?
You didn't find it, did you?
You didn't finish filling out this form.
You didn't finish your drink.
You didn't flush the toilet.
You didn't fly to the red sea.
You didn't fool me.
You didn't forget Mennad, did you?
You didn't forget to pay the electricity bill, did you?
You didn't forget, did you?
You didn't get a chance to do that, did you?
You didn't get it.
You didn't get paid to do that, did you?
You didn't get paid to go there, did you?
You didn't get the joke, did you?
You didn't get the joke.
You didn't get very far.
You didn't give Tom a chance to do that, did you?
You didn't give Tom a chance to do that.
You didn't give Tom a chance.
You didn't give Tom anything, did you?
You didn't give Tom enough time to finish.
You didn't give Tom much encouragement.
You didn't give Tom much of a choice, did you?
You didn't give anything to Tom, did you?
You didn't give her a chance.
You didn't give him a chance.
You didn't give me a chance.
You didn't give me any alternative.
You didn't give me enough money.
You didn't give me the correct change.
You didn't give me what I wanted.
You didn't give them a chance.
You didn't give us a chance.
You didn't give us much choice.
You didn't go back to riyadh.
You didn't go by yourself, did you?
You didn't go hang gliding last week, did you?
You didn't go there.
You didn't go to Europe.
You didn't go to Ighil Lqayed.
You didn't go to school yesterday.
You didn't go to the drug store?
You didn't go to the river hare.
You didn't go, did you?
You didn't hang your coat behind the door.
You didn't happen to catch his name, did you?
You didn't happen to get her phone number, did you?
You didn't happen to get his name, did you?
You didn't happen to see Tom in town today, did you?
You didn't have Tom's permission to do that, did you?
You didn't have a chance to do that, did you?
You didn't have a good time doing that, did you?
You didn't have a heart attack. You had an anxiety attack.
You didn't have any choice.
You didn't have any help doing that, did you?
You didn't have any reasons to be angry.
You didn't have anything against it.
You didn't have anything to say to Tom.
You didn't have enough energy to do that, did you?
You didn't have enough money.
You didn't have enough strength to do that, did you?
You didn't have permission to do that, did you?
You didn't have that conversation with me. You must be thinking of someone else.
You didn't have the permission to do that, did you?
You didn't have the same luck as he.
You didn't have the same luck as she.
You didn't have the time to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't have time to do that, did you?
You didn't have time to finish your report.
You didn't have time to proofread your report.
You didn't have to accept such an unfair proposal.
You didn't have to ask.
You didn't have to be mean about it.
You didn't have to be rude to Mary.
You didn't have to be rude to Tom.
You didn't have to bring Sami here.
You didn't have to bring a gift.
You didn't have to come here. You could have just called.
You didn't have to come here. You could've just called.
You didn't have to come into the office today.
You didn't have to come so early.
You didn't have to come to me.
You didn't have to come.
You didn't have to cum so early.
You didn't have to do it straight away.
You didn't have to do it.
You didn't have to do that either, did you?
You didn't have to do that if you didn't want to.
You didn't have to do that right away, did you?
You didn't have to do that right away.
You didn't have to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't have to do that.
You didn't have to do this.
You didn't have to dress.
You didn't have to finish early.
You didn't have to get off so early.
You didn't have to go there.
You didn't have to help me.
You didn't have to hide from me.
You didn't have to leave.
You didn't have to lie.
You didn't have to say that.
You didn't have to say yes.
You didn't have to shoot my dog.
You didn't have to sing with us if you didn't want to.
You didn't have to stoop so low.
You didn't have to take an umbrella with you.
You didn't have to tell Tom that.
You didn't have to tell Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't have to tell Tom to do that. He'd have done it anyway.
You didn't have to tell me about what happened. I already knew.
You didn't have to tell me that.
You didn't have to tell me why because I already knew.
You didn't have to throw the phone like that.
You didn't have to wait for me.
You didn't have to wake me up.
You didn't have to walk me home, but I'm glad that you did.
You didn't have to walk me home, but I'm glad you did.
You didn't hear anything... In fact you weren't even here. Okay?
You didn't hear anything?
You didn't hear it from me.
You didn't hear me say that he's a saint.
You didn't hear that from me.
You didn't hear this from me.
You didn't help Tom do that, did you?
You didn't help Tom, did you?
You didn't help Tom, so I won't help you.
You didn't help me.
You didn't help.
You didn't hide the fat.
You didn't hurt Tom, did you?
You didn't hurt anyone, did you?
You didn't hurt yourself, did you?
You didn't hurt yourselves, did you?
You didn't invent anything new.
You didn't invent that.
You didn't invite me.
You didn't join that club, did you?
You didn't join the club, did you?
You didn't just call me a groupie, did you?
You didn't just do that, did you?
You didn't keep your word.
You didn't know I could do that, did you?
You didn't know I couldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know I didn't have to do that today, did you?
You didn't know I didn't have to do that, did you?
You didn't know I didn't need to do that, did you?
You didn't know I didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't know I had it in me.
You didn't know I had to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know I had to do that today, did you?
You didn't know I had to do that, did you?
You didn't know I had to help Tom do that, did you?
You didn't know I needed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know I needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know I no longer had to do that, did you?
You didn't know I no longer needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know I shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know I wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't know I was able to do that, did you?
You didn't know I was finished doing that, did you?
You didn't know I was going to do that, did you?
You didn't know I was still doing that, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning on doing that, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning on going, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning on joining the team, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning to do that, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning to go, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning to join the team, did you?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know I was the one who did that, did you?
You didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know I wasn't able to do that, did you?
You didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Mary had to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary needed to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary wanted to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary was supposed to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary had to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary needed to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary wanted to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary were going to Boston, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom could do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom couldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom didn't have time to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom didn't have to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom expected me to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom had already done that, did you?
You didn't know Tom had done that, did you?
You didn't know Tom had never done that before, did you?
You didn't know Tom had never done that, did you?
You didn't know Tom had to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know Tom had to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom had to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom liked to cook, did you?
You didn't know Tom needed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know Tom needed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom thought I should do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom thought I shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom used to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was able to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was gay?
You didn't know Tom was going to Australia, did you?
You didn't know Tom was going to Boston, did you?
You didn't know Tom was going to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom was going to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was the one who did that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom would do that so well, did you?
You didn't know Tom would do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom would do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom wouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom, did you?
You didn't know anybody there, did you?
You didn't know anyone there, did you?
You didn't know anything about all of this?
You didn't know anything about this, did you?
You didn't know either.
You didn't know her, did you?
You didn't know him, did you?
You didn't know if Tom and Mary were going to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know if Tom would be able to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know it was impossible to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I could do that, did you?
You didn't know that I couldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that I didn't have to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that I didn't have to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I didn't need to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I had to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know that I had to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that I had to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I had to help Tom do that, did you?
You didn't know that I needed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that I needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I no longer had to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I no longer needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that I wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was finished doing that, did you?
You didn't know that I was going to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was still doing that, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning on doing that, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning on going, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning on joining the team, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning to go, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning to join the team, did you?
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was the one who did that, did you?
You didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I wasn't able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom could do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom couldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't have time to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom expected me to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had already done that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had done that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had never done that before, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had never done that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom liked to cook, did you?
You didn't know that Tom needed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom needed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom thought I should do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom thought I shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom used to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wanted to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wanted to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was going to Boston, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was going to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was going to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was the one who did that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom would do that so well, did you?
You didn't know that Tom would do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom would do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that either.
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that we were the ones who did that, did you?
You didn't know that you had to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that before I got here, did you?
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you were the ones who were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that, did you?
You didn't know that.
You didn't know that?
You didn't know them, did you?
You didn't know this.
You didn't know we were going to do that, did you?
You didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning, did you?
You didn't know we were supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know we were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know we were the ones who did that, did you?
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning, did you?
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help you do that, did you?
You didn't know what to say, did you?
You didn't know what to say.
You didn't know where to go.
You didn't know whether Tom and Mary were going to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know whether Tom wanted to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know whether Tom was going to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know whether Tom was good at doing that or not, did you?
You didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know which way to go.
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on doing that with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on going with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on staying with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to do that with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to stay with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom was planning on doing that with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom was planning on going with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom was planning on staying with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom was planning to do that with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom was planning to go with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom was planning to stay with, did you?
You didn't know why Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
You didn't know why Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
You didn't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that, did you?
You didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't know why Tom had to do that, did you?
You didn't know why Tom needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know why Tom wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't know you had to do that, did you?
You didn't know you needed to do that, did you?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that before I got here, did you?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know you were the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know you were the ones who were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know you wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know?
You didn't learn how to do that from Tom, did you?
You didn't learn much.
You didn't leave Tom there by himself, did you?
You didn't leave me shit.
You didn't leave me. I left you.
You didn't leave the water running, did you?
You didn't leave yet.
You didn't lend it to him.
You didn't let Tom do that, did you?
You didn't let Tom drive, did you?
You didn't let Tom win, did you?
You didn't let me answer.
You didn't let me finish my sentence.
You didn't let me finish speaking.
You didn't let me finish.
You didn't let me speak Finnish.
You didn't let me win, did you?
You didn't lie to Tom about that, did you?
You didn't lift a finger to defend me.
You didn't like that game.
You didn't like this hotel?
You didn't like to do that when you were a kid, did you?
You didn't listen to me again.
You didn't listen to me.
You didn't listen.
You didn't look angry.
You didn't look like you were angry.
You didn't look like you were asleep.
You didn't look like you were discouraged.
You didn't look like you were drunk.
You didn't look like you were embarrassed.
You didn't look like you were exhausted.
You didn't look like you were frightened.
You didn't look like you were in a hurry to do that.
You didn't look like you were interested.
You didn't look like you were jealous.
You didn't look like you were lonely.
You didn't look like you were mad.
You didn't look like you were nervous.
You didn't look like you were ready.
You didn't look like you were scared.
You didn't look like you were shocked.
You didn't look like you were sleepy.
You didn't look like you were surprised.
You didn't look like you were tired.
You didn't look like you were upset.
You didn't look lost.
You didn't look surprised.
You didn't look tired.
You didn't look too good yesterday.
You didn't look.
You didn't make Tom do that, did you?
You didn't make even the smallest effort.
You didn't make it clear.
You didn't make that clear at all.
You didn't make that up.
You didn't make the cut.
You didn't mean it, did you?
You didn't mean to do that, did you?
You didn't meet kendira.
You didn't meet my expectations.
You didn't mention having children.
You didn't mention that on the phone.
You didn't mention that restriction when we were writing up the contract.
You didn't mention that.
You didn't miss a thing.
You didn't miss anything.
You didn't miss me, did you?
You didn't miss me.
You didn't miss much.
You didn't miss owt.
You didn't miss the meeting.
You didn't move to At Smail.
You didn't need money.
You didn't need to be here.
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.
You didn't need to buy a new motherboard.
You didn't need to buy eggs. We already have some.
You didn't need to buy the book.
You didn't need to buy this book.
You didn't need to call me.
You didn't need to clean my room, either.
You didn't need to clean my room, too.
You didn't need to clean my room.
You didn't need to come here so early.
You didn't need to come so early.
You didn't need to come.
You didn't need to do that right away.
You didn't need to do that.
You didn't need to eat quickly.
You didn't need to eat so quickly.
You didn't need to explain.
You didn't need to get here so early.
You didn't need to go to all this trouble.
You didn't need to go to those lengths to get me to do this.
You didn't need to hear that.
You didn't need to hurry.
You didn't need to hurry. You got here too early anyway.
You didn't need to lie to me, Tom.
You didn't need to see Tom to the door.
You didn't need to see him to the door.
You didn't need to see that.
You didn't need to stay home to help us. Tom and I could have done it by ourselves.
You didn't need to stay home to help us. Tom and I could've done it by ourselves.
You didn't need to take a taxi.
You didn't need to take an umbrella with you.
You didn't need to tell Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't need to tell me that.
You didn't need to tell me that. I already knew.
You didn't owe me a response at all.
You didn't pass the test.
You didn't pass the test?
You didn't pay attention.
You didn't pay on time!
You didn't pay the latte.
You didn't pay.
You didn't practice enough.
You didn't practise enough.
You didn't prepare for the future.
You didn't prepare me for this.
You didn't pronounce Tom's last name correctly.
You didn't protect me.
You didn't put anything.
You didn't put me to sleep.
You didn't put money away for your future.
You didn't put money in the parking meter.
You didn't put the box away.
You didn't put the number of pieces.
You didn't put the passport number.
You didn't put the port of embarkation.
You didn't put your flight number.
You didn't quit your job, did you?
You didn't read the contract carefully, did you?
You didn't read the fine print, did you?
You didn't realize I had to do that, did you?
You didn't realize I had to help Tom do that, did you?
You didn't realize I knew how to do that, did you?
You didn't realize I needed to do that, did you?
You didn't realize I wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't realize Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't realize Tom had to do that, did you?
You didn't realize Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't realize Tom needed to do that, did you?
You didn't realize Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't realize earlier.
You didn't realize that Tom couldn't do that, did you?
You didn't realize that Tom didn't know how to do that, did you?
You didn't realize that Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't realize that Tom wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't realize you had to do that, did you?
You didn't really ask Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't really come here just to do that, did you?
You didn't really do that, did you?
You didn't really enjoy doing that, did you?
You didn't really expect Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't really expect Tom to understand that, did you?
You didn't really feel like doing that, did you?
You didn't really go to Boston by bicycle, did you?
You didn't really have to do that, did you?
You didn't really have to do that.
You didn't really mean that, did you?
You didn't really mean to do that, did you?
You didn't really mean what you said, did you?
You didn't really need to do that, did you?
You didn't really need to do that.
You didn't really see a ghost—it was only imaginary.
You didn't really think I could do that, did you?
You didn't really think I meant that, did you?
You didn't really think I would do that, did you?
You didn't really think I'd refuse to do that, did you?
You didn't really think Tom would enjoy doing that, did you?
You didn't really think Tom would have to do that, did you?
You didn't really think Tom would let me do that, did you?
You didn't really think Tom would let me drive, did you?
You didn't really think Tom would like doing that, did you?
You didn't really think that Tom would let me drive, did you?
You didn't really think that you were going to be able to do that by yourselves, did you?
You didn't really think you were going to be able to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't really think you were going to be able to do that by yourselves, did you?
You didn't really want to do that, did you?
You didn't really want to go to Australia, did you?
You didn't really want to go to Boston, did you?
You didn't recognize her voice.
You didn't recognize his voice.
You didn't recognize me, did you?
You didn't recognize me?
You didn't remind Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't reply.
You didn't respond.
You didn't return to Gourara.
You didn't ruin your clothing.
You didn't run to Souq Letnayen.
You didn't run to ticci.
You didn't save me any syrup.
You didn't say a word.
You didn't say anything new with that.
You didn't say anything personal.
You didn't say anything to Tom about that, did you?
You didn't say anything to him, did you?
You didn't say anything wrong.
You didn't say anything!
You didn't say anything.
You didn't say how much it cost.
You didn't say it like this.
You didn't say that before.
You didn't say that.
You didn't say the magic word.
You didn't say the whole truth, Tom.
You didn't say whether she wouldn't participate in the competition?
You didn't say yes, did you?
You didn't say you had a wife.
You didn't say you were married.
You didn't scare me off.
You didn't see Tom do that, did you?
You didn't see Tom, did you?
You didn't see anyone come in, did you?
You didn't see anything, did you?
You didn't see anything.
You didn't see everything.
You didn't see her, did you?
You didn't see her.
You didn't see him, did you?
You didn't see him.
You didn't see me, did you?
You didn't see nothing.
You didn't see them, did you?
You didn't see them.
You didn't see this one coming, did you, Tom?
You didn't see what I saw.
You didn't seem angry.
You didn't seem certain.
You didn't seem convinced that you needed to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I needed to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom had to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom needed to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you why we had to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you why we should do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she had to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she needed to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they had to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they needed to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he had to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he needed to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
You didn't seem surprised.
You didn't seem to be aware that I didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that I didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that I needed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that I was supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that I wasn't supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary were doing that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom had already done that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom hadn't done that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom needed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom shouldn't do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom wanted to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom was doing that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom was supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't have to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that you had to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that you were supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to be convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
You didn't seem to be eager to do that.
You didn't seem to be having any trouble doing that.
You didn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
You didn't seem to be surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
You didn't seem to be very friendly.
You didn't seem to be willing to do that.
You didn't seem to enjoy doing that.
You didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much.
You didn't seem to know how to do that.
You didn't seem to like any of my jokes.
You didn't seem to recognize me.
You didn't seem to understand what Sami was saying.
You didn't seem to understand what Tom and Mary were saying.
You didn't seem to understand what Tom was saying.
You didn't seem to understand why I needed to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why I shouldn't do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom needed to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted me to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom was supposed to do that.
You didn't seem to want that book.
You didn't seem to want to do that.
You didn't seem very busy today.
You didn't seem very happy the last time I saw you.
You didn't sell any of your paintings, did you?
You didn't sell your bicycle, did you?
You didn't sell your car, did you?
You didn't show up.
You didn't shut the fridge.
You didn't sign all the documents.
You didn't sing, did you?
You didn't sleep well last night, did you?
You didn't smell that pineapple?
You didn't sound like you were kidding.
You didn't specify the color.
You didn't start that.
You didn't stay outside.
You didn't stop doing that, did you?
You didn't swim to at rezin.
You didn't take those computers to Taka.
You didn't take your medicine.
You didn't talk to Tom, did you?
You didn't talk to me much back when we were in junior high school.
You didn't taste chocolate.
You didn't teach me.
You didn't tell Mary why I wanted her to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Mary why you wanted her to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom I didn't intend to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom I had to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom I intended to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom I wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom I was coming, did you?
You didn't tell Tom I wouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom about us, did you?
You didn't tell Tom and Mary why I wanted them to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom anything, did you?
You didn't tell Tom do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom either, did you?
You didn't tell Tom how to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom that you're married, did you?
You didn't tell Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom what we did, did you?
You didn't tell Tom what you wrote to Mary, did you?
You didn't tell Tom where Mary is, did you?
You didn't tell Tom where to meet us, did you?
You didn't tell Tom why I had to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom why I needed to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom why I wanted him to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom why I wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom why you wanted him to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom why you wanted me to do that, did you?
You didn't tell Tom you're married, did you?
You didn't tell Tom, did you?
You didn't tell a joke.
You didn't tell anybody I was here, did you?
You didn't tell anybody about Tom, did you?
You didn't tell anybody about what we did, did you?
You didn't tell anyone else, did you?
You didn't tell her anything?
You didn't tell her what her father wrote in that letter.
You didn't tell her what we wrote in that letter.
You didn't tell her, did you?
You didn't tell him anything?
You didn't tell him no.
You didn't tell him what I wrote in my diary.
You didn't tell him what his father wrote in that letter.
You didn't tell him what we wrote in our final report.
You didn't tell him, did you?
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary speak French.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were busy.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were expecting you.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were going to Boston with us.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were living with you.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were so rich.
You didn't tell me Tom had a sense of humor.
You didn't tell me Tom knew French.
You didn't tell me Tom moved to Australia.
You didn't tell me Tom moved to Boston.
You didn't tell me Tom smoked.
You didn't tell me Tom speaks French.
You didn't tell me Tom spoke French.
You didn't tell me Tom was busy.
You didn't tell me Tom was expecting you.
You didn't tell me Tom was going to Australia with us.
You didn't tell me Tom was going to Boston with us.
You didn't tell me Tom was living with you.
You didn't tell me Tom was moving to Boston.
You didn't tell me Tom was planning to do that here.
You didn't tell me Tom was so handsome.
You didn't tell me Tom was so rich.
You didn't tell me everything.
You didn't tell me it was illegal.
You didn't tell me not to do that.
You didn't tell me that Tom knew French.
You didn't tell me that Tom moved to Boston.
You didn't tell me that Tom speaks French.
You didn't tell me that Tom speaks in French.
You didn't tell me that Tom spoke French.
You didn't tell me that you didn't have a driver's license.
You didn't tell me that you knew Tom.
You didn't tell me that you were a barber.
You didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
You didn't tell me that you were a magician.
You didn't tell me that you were a pharmacist.
You didn't tell me that you were a pilot.
You didn't tell me that you were a poet.
You didn't tell me that you were a tailor.
You didn't tell me that you were a veterinarian.
You didn't tell me that.
You didn't tell me the truth.
You didn't tell me there was a meeting this morning.
You didn't tell me this before.
You didn't tell me this was yours.
You didn't tell me to buy some bread.
You didn't tell me to do that.
You didn't tell me what she had written about this occurrence.
You didn't tell me what was wrong.
You didn't tell me what we wrote in this letter.
You didn't tell me what you wrote on the parchment.
You didn't tell me you knew Tom's address.
You didn't tell me you lived in my neighborhood.
You didn't tell me you planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
You didn't tell me you planned on waiting until Monday to go.
You didn't tell me you planned to wait until Monday to do that.
You didn't tell me you planned to wait until Monday to go.
You didn't tell me you planned to wait until Monday.
You didn't tell me you were filming.
You didn't tell me you were going to be meeting with Tom today.
You didn't tell me you worked for Tom.
You didn't tell me.
You didn't tell the story very well.
You didn't tell the whole truth, Tom.
You didn't tell them anything, did you?
You didn't tell them what I wrote in that letter.
You didn't tell them what he wrote in that article.
You didn't tell them what she wrote in that article.
You didn't tell them what she wrote in that letter.
You didn't tell them what they wrote in that blog.
You didn't tell them what we wrote in that blog.
You didn't tell them what you wrote in that article.
You didn't tell them, did you?
You didn't tell us about that.
You didn't tell us what he had written in this letter.
You didn't tell us what you wrote in that letter.
You didn't tell your mother, did you?
You didn't think I could do that, did you?
You didn't think I knew about that, did you?
You didn't think I let you down, did you?
You didn't think I needed to do that, did you?
You didn't think I was finished doing that yet, did you?
You didn't think I was going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't think I would be doing that today, did you?
You didn't think I would do that, did you?
You didn't think I'd be doing that for so long, did you?
You didn't think I'd be finished doing that by 2:30, did you?
You didn't think I'd be interested in doing that, did you?
You didn't think I'd be tempted to do that, did you?
You didn't think I'd be the first one to do that, did you?
You didn't think I'd be the last one to do that, did you?
You didn't think I'd be through doing that by 2:30, did you?
You didn't think I'd do that by myself, did you?
You didn't think I'd notice, did you?
You didn't think Mary could do that by herself, did you?
You didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, did you?
You didn't think Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't think Tom and Mary would want to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't think Tom could do that by himself, did you?
You didn't think Tom could do that in less than three hours, did you?
You didn't think Tom could do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom could win, did you?
You didn't think Tom was going to help you. Or, did you?
You didn't think Tom was the one who did that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that in less than three hours, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be doing that here, did you?
You didn't think Tom would be doing that this afternoon, did you?
You didn't think Tom would do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would forget to do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary to do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would need to do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would really do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would want to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't think Tom would want to do that, did you?
You didn't think Tom would win, did you?
You didn't think about the consequences.
You didn't think that Tom would be able to do that, did you?
You didn't think that we could do that, did you?
You didn't think that you would be able to do that, did you?
You didn't think we would be able to do that, did you?
You didn't think you had to do that, did you?
You didn't think you should do that, did you?
You didn't think you would be able to do that, did you?
You didn't throw the packaging away in the right bin.
You didn't touch anything, did you?
You didn't touch her, did you?
You didn't touch him, did you?
You didn't touch it, did you?
You didn't treat me fairly.
You didn't treat me honestly.
You didn't trust me.
You didn't try hard enough.
You didn't try the sauce.
You didn't turn in your homework.
You didn't understand Mary's joke.
You didn't understand anything!
You didn't understand early.
You didn't understand it.
You didn't understand me.
You didn't understand me. I meant something else.
You didn't understand the question, did you?
You didn't understand the question.
You didn't understand!
You didn't understand.
You didn't use to eat so much junk food you were younger.
You didn't visit Luxemburg
You didn't visit Russia.
You didn't visit Slovakia.
You didn't vote, did you?
You didn't want Mary to die.
You didn't want Tom to die, did you?
You didn't want Tom to do that for me, did you?
You didn't want Tom to go, did you?
You didn't want Tom to help me do that, did you?
You didn't want Tom to know the truth, did you?
You didn't want anyone to see you doing that, did you?
You didn't want her staying at the party.
You didn't want her to stay at the party.
You didn't want me to starve, did you?
You didn't want to answer my questions.
You didn't want to be there, did you?
You didn't want to come. It's that simple.
You didn't want to do that right away, did you?
You didn't want to do that with Tom, did you?
You didn't want to do that with me, did you?
You didn't want to do that, did you?
You didn't want to get up from the siesta.
You didn't want to get up.
You didn't want to go to Australia with Tom, did you?
You didn't want to go to Boston with Tom, did you?
You didn't want to go, did you?
You didn't want to help Tom do that, did you?
You didn't want to tell Tom about that, did you?
You didn't want to tell Tom to do that, did you?
You didn't warn me.
You didn't wash your hands, did you?
You didn't wash your hands.
You didn't wash your plate.
You didn't waste any time, did you?
You didn't waste much time, did you?
You didn't watch the game last night.
You didn't win, but that was a solid attempt.
You didn't win.
You didn't work hard enough.
You didn't work yesterday. Why didn't you?
You didn't write anything.
You didn't write that book.
You didn’t come to school yesterday, did you?
You didn’t do a very good job, I said.
You didn’t eat the cake I made; your sister did.
You didn’t have to come so early.
You didn’t have to cum so early.
You didn’t have to dress.
You didn’t have to get off so early.
You didn’t hear this from me.
You didn’t join that club, did you?
You didn’t kiss him?
You didn’t know that either.
You didn’t leave me shit.
You didn’t need to buy the book.
You didn’t need to come so early.
You didn’t need to hurry.
You didn’t need to hurry. You got here too early anyway.
You didn’t need to see him to the door.
You didn’t need to take a taxi.
You didn’t really see a ghost - it was only imaginary.
You didn’t see Tom, did you?
You didn’t see anything.
You didn’t see him.
You didn’t see nothing.
You didn’t seem to want that book.
You didn’t sleep well last night, did you?
You didn’t tell her anything?
You didn’t tell him anything?
You didn’t understand.
You die as you live. Dying is part of life, not death.
You die, motherfucker!
You died last week.
You died.
You differ from me in many ways.
You differ from me in some ways.
You digress!
You dined.
You disappear.
You disappoint me, Tom.
You disappoint me.
You disappointed Tom.
You disappointed me, my friend.
You disappointed me.
You discouraged Tom.
You discover what truly matters to you.
You discovered my biggest weakness: excruciating pain.
You discredited yourself.
You disgust me.
You dislike your own voice.
You disliked geography.
You dismantled the engine.
You dismiss my feelings as if they don’t matter.
You dismissed what Mary was saying, didn't you?
You disobeyed a direct order and must pay the consequences.
You disobeyed me!
You disrupted the teacher.
You distort things.
You distract me by pacing up and down.
You disturb me a lot.
You disturbed Mina.
You ditched me for Yuri?
You divided the bread into two pieces, didn't you?
You do "hate" the "long a" in English.
You do a good job.
You do a great job here.
You do a great job.
You do a lot of your work at home, don't you?
You do a nice job.
You do absolutely nothing.
You do ask a lot of questions.
You do believe me, don't you?
You do complain a lot.
You do deserve it.
You do do that very well, don't you?
You do drink, don't you?
You do drive, don't you?
You do eat rice, don't you?
You do everything I tell you not to.
You do fine work.
You do get around, don't you?
You do good work.
You do have a choice.
You do have a point here.
You do have a point there.
You do have a point.
You do have a problem.
You do have choices.
You do have money, but you don't have any brains.
You do have the tendency to forget.
You do have to come along!
You do hope Tom will do that, don't you?
You do hope Tom will win, don't you?
You do inspire me.
You do it next time.
You do it.
You do know I can't do that, don't you?
You do know I don't want to do that, don't you?
You do know I hate Tom, don't you?
You do know I hate her.
You do know I haven't had time to do what you asked me to. I don't know why you keep asking me all the time whether it's ready.
You do know I'm a minor, right?
You do know Tom and Mary broke up, don't you?
You do know Tom's lying, don't you?
You do know how to do that, don't you?
You do know how to drive, don't you?
You do know it makes no sense.
You do know that I can't do that, don't you?
You do know that I don't want to do that, don't you?
You do know that I hate Tom, don't you?
You do know that I like you, don't you?
You do know that Tom and Mary broke up, don't you?
You do know that Tom is lying, don't you?
You do know that you don't have to do that, don't you?
You do know that you don't need to do that, don't you?
You do know that you should do that, don't you?
You do know that you shouldn't be doing that here, don't you?
You do know that you shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
You do know that you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You do know that you snore, don't you?
You do know that, don't you?
You do know the difference, don't you?
You do know what I am talking about.
You do know what the problem is, don't you?
You do know what you're doing, right?
You do know who Tom's French teacher is, don't you?
You do know you don't have to do that, don't you?
You do know you don't need to do that, don't you?
You do know you should do that, don't you?
You do know you shouldn't be doing that here, don't you?
You do know you shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
You do know you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You do know.
You do like Tom, don't you?
You do like her, don't you?
You do like him, don't you?
You do like living dangerously.
You do like living here, don't you?
You do like me, don't you?
You do like music, don't you?
You do like them, don't you?
You do like us, don't you?
You do look a little better today.
You do look a little pale.
You do look a little tired.
You do look a lot like Tom.
You do look a lot like her.
You do look a lot like him.
You do look good.
You do look like Tom.
You do look nice today!
You do look nice.
You do look tired.
You do love Tom, don't you?
You do love her, don't you?
You do love me still, don’t you?
You do me wrong.
You do my head in.
You do need to take a shower.
You do not always show that regard for the feelings of others which you would wish shown to you.
You do not blush to mock her, the poor soul!
You do not care about me at all.
You do not have a fever.
You do not have a good memory.
You do not have a right to your own opinion!
You do not have admin privileges.
You do not have all the information.
You do not have allies in this war.
You do not have me in your sights at all.
You do not have more years than her.
You do not have more years than me.
You do not have the keys.
You do not have time for me.
You do not have to answer this question.
You do not have to be an artist in order to see the beauty in everyday things.
You do not have to bring your lunch.
You do not have to buy new furniture. With a little polishing and painting, old furniture can get a new life.
You do not have to come here.
You do not have to do it now.
You do not have to go to the dance unless you want to.
You do not have to pile everything in one heap.
You do not have to run fast.
You do not have to say it; I know what you think.
You do not have to take your umbrella with you.
You do not have to talk to him if you do not want to.
You do not have to talk to me that way!
You do not have to talk to me.
You do not help me.
You do not help.
You do not know anything about me.
You do not know exactly where you were born.
You do not know how to do politics.
You do not know how to talk about certain topics in English.
You do not know me or my Father. If you knew me, you would know my Father also.
You do not know me.
You do not know the truth.
You do not know where you are going.
You do not look for love; you find it.
You do not look well.
You do not necessarily have to go there yourself.
You do not need to go to the office on Saturday.
You do not need to go tomorrow.
You do not need to like everything.
You do not need to stay long.
You do not need to tell me if you do not want to.
You do not need to thank me because you deserve all the best.
You do not need to understand the genius, only respect him.
You do not owe me.
You do not realize how important health is until you get sick.
You do not really understand a man till you have met him.
You do not smoke in public places.
You do not speak English.
You do not speak well.
You do not surpass her in age.
You do not surpass me in age.
You do not talk so much, right?
You do not teach a giraffe to run.
You do not teach us to speak English.
You do not understand.
You do not use the words "China" and "copyright" in the same sentence. You just don't.
You do not use the words "China" and "copyright" in the same sentence. You just don’t.
You do not want to incur the wrath of God.
You do not want to move forward.
You do not want to pay.
You do not wash.
You do not work for free.
You do not yet know what he will say.
You do nothing all day.
You do nothing but complain! You're not the only one who's having a hard time.
You do nothing but complain! You’re not the only one who’s having a hard time.
You do nothing but lie.
You do nothing else but eat.
You do nothing, while I work.
You do realise that I won't be able to come, don't you?
You do realize Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You do realize that Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You do realize that my name is Skura, don't you?
You do realize that your phony tears will not soften my heart.
You do remember Tom, don't you?
You do remember that, don't you?
You do remember what I was like when you first met me, don't you?
You do run.
You do see the difference, right?
You do seem a little on edge.
You do seem a little tense.
You do seem different.
You do seem very close.
You do show great intolerance.
You do so much for me.
You do speak French, don't you?
You do speak some French, don't you?
You do stand out a bit.
You do still love me, don't you?
You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
You do that a lot better than I do.
You do that a lot better than Tom and Mary do.
You do that a lot better than Tom does.
You do that a lot better than Tom.
You do that a lot, don't you?
You do that all the time, you know.
You do that and I'll fire you.
You do that as often as you can, don't you?
You do that at least once a month, don't you?
You do that better than I do.
You do that better than anyone else I know.
You do that differently than Tom and Mary do.
You do that differently than Tom does.
You do that differently than Tom.
You do that every Monday afternoon, don't you?
You do that every Monday, don't you?
You do that every day, don't you?
You do that every week, don't you?
You do that extremely well.
You do that faster than I do.
You do that faster than Tom.
You do that faster than anyone else I know.
You do that quite often.
You do that really well.
You do that routinely on Monday, don't you?
You do that so much better than I can.
You do that so much better than Tom and Mary do.
You do that so much better than Tom does.
You do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
You do that the same way Tom does.
You do that three or four times a week, don't you?
You do that too much.
You do that very well, don't you?
You do that very well.
You do that well.
You do that!
You do that, too, don't you?
You do the dishes, and I'll watch you.
You do the kitchen.
You do the math.
You do things I wouldn't do.
You do things that I wouldn't do.
You do things too sloppily. Please do things more carefully.
You do three hundred sit-ups a day? That's impossible!
You do too much K, Tom.
You do trust me, don't you?
You do understand French, don't you?
You do understand me, don't you?
You do understand that, don't you?
You do understand the danger, don't you?
You do understand, don't you?
You do want me to help you, don't you?
You do want that, don't you?
You do want to do that, don't you?
You do well in spreading your discoveries.
You do what you can.
You do what you have to do, and I'll do what I have to do.
You do what you have to do.
You do work a lot.
You do work hard.
You do you.
You do your best in this case.
You do your best to put such thoughts out of his head.
You do your best.
You do your job, I'll do mine.
You do your job, and let me do mine.
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
You do your part and I’ll do the rest.
You do your thing, I'll do mine.
You doing alright?
You don't accept credit cards?
You don't accept gifts.
You don't accept presents.
You don't achieve anything that way.
You don't act in a way that agrees with the things you say.
You don't act like somebody that really cares.
You don't act like somebody who really cares.
You don't act like someone that really cares.
You don't act like someone who really cares.
You don't act like you want to be here.
You don't actually believe that nonsense, do you?
You don't actually believe that story, do you?
You don't actually believe that story?
You don't actually believe that, do you?
You don't actually believe that.
You don't actually have to do that, do you?
You don't actually need to do that, do you?
You don't actually think I'm going to let you do that, do you?
You don't actually think I'm going to let you do that?
You don't actually want to do that, do you?
You don't agree with me?
You don't agree, do you?
You don't allow Tom to do that, do you?
You don't allow challenging circumstances to demotivate you.
You don't allow your children to do that, do you?
You don't allow your kids to do that, do you?
You don't always do that, do you?
You don't always get what you want.
You don't always have to go abroad on holiday. There are wonderful places in this country, too.
You don't always have to say what's on your mind; sometimes tact trumps candor.
You don't always have to tell the truth, but it's usually better if you do.
You don't always need the better and the more.
You don't always understand.
You don't appear to be in a good mood today.
You don't argue with God.
You don't attend, you pay attention, under the typical logic.
You don't believe I can do that, do you?
You don't believe I did that, do you?
You don't believe I really did that, do you?
You don't believe I really have to do that, do you?
You don't believe I'll do that, do you?
You don't believe Tom did that on purpose, do you?
You don't believe Tom did that, do you?
You don't believe Tom will do that, do you?
You don't believe Tom will win, do you?
You don't believe Tom, do you?
You don't believe everything you hear, do you?
You don't believe her, do you?
You don't believe him, do you?
You don't believe in their God.
You don't believe it, do you?
You don't believe me, do you?
You don't believe me. You believe Tom instead, which I don't understand.
You don't believe that I did that on purpose, do you?
You don't believe that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
You don't believe that yourself.
You don't believe that, do you?
You don't believe that, right?
You don't believe them, do you?
You don't belong here.
You don't belong to me.
You don't blush!
You don't bring a gun to a knife fight.
You don't buy that theory, do you?
You don't by any chance happen to have a knife on you, do you?
You don't by any chance know Tom's last name, do you?
You don't by any chance know anything about that, do you?
You don't by any chance know where Tom lives, do you?
You don't by any chance speak French, do you?
You don't care about Tom. You're only using him as a cudgel to beat John with.
You don't care about any of those things.
You don't care about him.
You don't care about how I feel, do you?
You don't care about kids.
You don't care about me at all.
You don't care about me.
You don't care about my feelings.
You don't care about that kind of thing, do you?
You don't care about your performance when you lose.
You don't care at all, do you?
You don't care if Tom and Mary do that, do you?
You don't care if Tom does that, do you?
You don't care whether Tom and Mary do that or not, do you?
You don't care whether Tom does that or not, do you?
You don't care whether we do that or not, do you?
You don't care, do you?
You don't care.
You don't carry anything, you don't return with anything.
You don't chew your food enough.
You don't come down to us in Piraeus at all often; yet you ought to.
You don't command me in any way.
You don't comprehend my journey.
You don't comprehend my state of mind.
You don't contribute enough.
You don't control this.
You don't count.
You don't cry as much as you used to.
You don't cut down any trees.
You don't date, do you?
You don't deny doing that, do you?
You don't deserve a man like that.
You don't deserve any of what I do to you.
You don't deserve anything
You don't deserve anything.
You don't deserve it.
You don't deserve me.
You don't deserve people's respect.
You don't deserve respect.
You don't deserve that treatment.
You don't deserve that.
You don't deserve the salary they're paying you.
You don't deserve the salary you're being paid.
You don't deserve this, Tom.
You don't deserve this.
You don't deserve to be a team captain.
You don't deserve to be happy for what you did.
You don't deserve to be in my house!
You don't deserve to be spoken to like that.
You don't deserve to call yourself a European!
You don't deserve to live.
You don't deserve to wear that uniform.
You don't desire to cause yourself problems.
You don't desire to cause yourselves problems.
You don't disturb me.
You don't do a useful snitch of work.
You don't do anything all day.
You don't do anything.
You don't do it, do you?
You don't do that anymore, do you?
You don't do that anymore.
You don't do that as often as you should.
You don't do that every day, do you?
You don't do that like most people do.
You don't do that much, do you?
You don't do that now as often as you used to.
You don't do that the same way I do.
You don't do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
You don't do that the same way Tom does.
You don't do that very often, do you?
You don't do that very well, do you?
You don't do that well, do you?
You don't do that, do you?
You don't do this every Monday, do you?
You don't dress yourself.
You don't dress yourselves.
You don't drink enough water.
You don't drink tequila any more?
You don't drink tequila anymore?
You don't drink, do you?
You don't drive often, do you?
You don't drive the subway, eh?
You don't drive very well.
You don't drive without a licence, do you?
You don't drive, do you?
You don't earn a billion dollars.
You don't easily forget your first love.
You don't eat anything.
You don't eat bananas?
You don't eat enough vegetables.
You don't eat meat anymore, do you?
You don't eat meat?
You don't eat much, do you?
You don't eat very fast, do you?
You don't enjoy doing that anymore, do you?
You don't enjoy doing that, do you?
You don't enjoy my jokes.
You don't entirely trust us, do you?
You don't even believe it.
You don't even believe that yourself.
You don't even care about me.
You don't even care.
You don't even clean your room.
You don't even do that to your enemy.
You don't even have a car.
You don't even have a catchphrase.
You don't even have a phone.
You don't even have a webpage.
You don't even have an ounce of optimism left!
You don't even have an oven.
You don't even have money.
You don't even have time to think.
You don't even have to explain.
You don't even know I exist.
You don't even know Tom.
You don't even know her.
You don't even know him.
You don't even know his name, do you?
You don't even know his name, right?
You don't even know his name.
You don't even know how to present your arguments.
You don't even know how to use a digital camera? How mechanically illiterate can you be? All you need to do is press the shutter.
You don't even know how.
You don't even know me.
You don't even know my name yet.
You don't even know my name.
You don't even know the first thing about me.
You don't even know the half of it!
You don't even know the half of it.
You don't even know the law.
You don't even know the other side's arguments, so of course you're going to misinterpret everything they do.
You don't even know the real me.
You don't even know the truth.
You don't even know them.
You don't even know us.
You don't even know what I did.
You don't even know what I want to do.
You don't even know what I want.
You don't even know what I'm going to ask you to do yet.
You don't even know what it is.
You don't even know what it was about.
You don't even know what you mean, do you?
You don't even know what you want to do.
You don't even know what you want.
You don't even know when your own death date will fall upon on a particular day.
You don't even know where I went.
You don't even know where Tom is.
You don't even know where we're going yet.
You don't even know where you are.
You don't even know which button to push, do you?
You don't even know who I am, do you?
You don't even know who I am.
You don't even know who Shivaji is, but you call yourself a Maratha?
You don't even know who sent this to you.
You don't even know who that man was.
You don't even know who that was, do you?
You don't even know who they are.
You don't even know who your father is.
You don't even know why I'm here, do you?
You don't even know why I'm here.
You don't even know why you're here.
You don't even lift a finger.
You don't even like chocolate.
You don't even like fish.
You don't even like swimming.
You don't even listen to me.
You don't even look at me.
You don't even need to worry about it.
You don't even screw me the way I need to be screwed.
You don't even speak Berber.
You don't even trust your own wife.
You don't even try that hard.
You don't even try to help me.
You don't even try to help someone feel comfortable in your presence.
You don't even try to hide it.
You don't even understand the idea of real boredom.
You don't even want to think about it.
You don't even want to win.
You don't ever do that anymore, do you?
You don't ever want to do that again, do you?
You don't exert yourself much.
You don't exist to me anymore.
You don't expect Tom to do that, do you?
You don't expect Tom to win, do you?
You don't expect an answer now, do you?
You don't expect me to do that for you, do you?
You don't expect me to face Tom alone, do you?
You don't expect people to pay you for every little thing that you do in your life.
You don't explain, why do you hate Esperanto.
You don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect.
You don't feel bad.
You don't feel enlightened enough not to be racists.
You don't feel good.
You don't feel like doing it, do you?
You don't feel like doing it.
You don't feel like doing that now, do you?
You don't feel like doing that today, do you?
You don't feel like doing that, do you?
You don't feel offended.
You don't feel sorry for him.
You don't feel sorry for me at all, do you?
You don't feel sorry for me at all.
You don't feel sorry for them.
You don't feel.
You don't find it funny that the king of caricatures made such a big fuss over his own caricature?
You don't find loquats at local supermarkets.
You don't fit in here.
You don't follow the rules.
You don't fool me, you know.
You don't fool me.
You don't fool us.
You don't forget your first love.
You don't frighten me.
You don't fucking say.
You don't fully get what women think.
You don't get a say in this.
You don't get a say in whether parents bring their children up to accept gay people.
You don't get bored as easily as I do.
You don't get eggplants from a gourd vine.
You don't get enough exercise.
You don't get it at all.
You don't get it, do you?
You don't get it. If you say stuff like that, you're bound to hurt the girl's feelings.
You don't get out much, do you?
You don't get owt for nowt.
You don't get paid much, do you?
You don't get paid to do that, do you?
You don't get paid to think.
You don't get rich by saving. You get rich through crooked dealings or through inheritance.
You don't get something for nothing.
You don't get to choose.
You don't get to decide that.
You don't get to quit.
You don't get to sit here.
You don't get to tell me what to do ever again.
You don't get up as early as your older sister, do you?
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
You don't get up as early as your sister.
You don't get very far by lying.
You don't get what I'm saying.
You don't get where his back is, and where his belly is.
You don't give a damn about how I feel.
You don't give a shit, do you?
You don't give cats commands; you give them suggestions.
You don't give orders here.
You don't give orders on this ship.
You don't give up in the face of adversity.
You don't give up too easily, do you?
You don't give up, do you?
You don't go building highways in Turkey.
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
You don't go to the market to be a sheep, you go to buy a sheep.
You don't go with the children to school.
You don't grasp the essence of who I am.
You don't grasp what I'm dealing with.
You don't grow spiritually just because you go to parties named after Hindu gods and do drugs.
You don't hang about.
You don't happen to have some Tylenol on you, do you?
You don't happen to know a guy named Tom Jackson, do you?
You don't happen to know anything about that, do you?
You don't happen to know how to do this, do you?
You don't happen to know where Tom and Mary are, do you?
You don't happen to know where Tom is, do you?
You don't happen to know where Tom lives, do you?
You don't happen to know where Tom works, do you?
You don't happen to know where he lives, do you?
You don't hate Mondays; you hate capitalism.
You don't hate me, do you?
You don't have a bicycle, do you?
You don't have a bicycle.
You don't have a bike.
You don't have a car.
You don't have a chance against Mary. She'll tear you to pieces.
You don't have a chance.
You don't have a choice.
You don't have a clue what you're talking about.
You don't have a clue, do you?
You don't have a clue.
You don't have a cold, do you?
You don't have a dog, do you?
You don't have a driver's license?
You don't have a fever.
You don't have a flashlight, do you?
You don't have a girlfriend?
You don't have a good memory.
You don't have a gun, do you?
You don't have a heart.
You don't have a key to this door, do you?
You don't have a key, do you?
You don't have a kitten?
You don't have a life jacket.
You don't have a life.
You don't have a lot of money.
You don't have a lot of time.
You don't have a lot to say, do you?
You don't have a monopoly on good taste.
You don't have a name tag.
You don't have a plan, do you?
You don't have a restaurant.
You don't have a right to go there.
You don't have a right to make fun of him.
You don't have a say in the matter.
You don't have a sense of rhythm.
You don't have a single hair left on your head.
You don't have a single reason to complain about anything.
You don't have a son.
You don't have a temperature.
You don't have a way with children.
You don't have a wife, do you?
You don't have all the facts.
You don't have all the information.
You don't have an alibi for the day of the murder.
You don't have an email address?
You don't have an excuse today.
You don't have an inalienable right to spread disease.
You don't have an umbrella? Aren't you thankful you went inside?
You don't have any backup codes yet.
You don't have any choice.
You don't have any excuses to redeem yourself, do you?
You don't have any freckles.
You don't have any idea what to do, do you?
You don't have any idea where Tom went, do you?
You don't have any kids, do you?
You don't have any manners, do you?
You don't have any money.
You don't have any more time.
You don't have any nuts left in the bag?
You don't have any of the illnesses you diagnosed yourself with.
You don't have any other option.
You don't have any plants or animals, right?
You don't have any proof, do you?
You don't have any proof.
You don't have any real friends, do you?
You don't have any reason to be here now.
You don't have any reason to be jealous.
You don't have any sense of humor.
You don't have any siblings?
You don't have anything to do with that.
You don't have anything to do with this.
You don't have anything to say about it, do you?
You don't have anything to say, do you?
You don't have anything to say?
You don't have anything to worry about.
You don't have as much luck as he does.
You don't have balls.
You don't have brown eyes.
You don't have class today, do you?
You don't have confidence in yourself.
You don't have cows.
You don't have dinner at 8.00 pm.
You don't have enough experience.
You don't have enough faith in yourself.
You don't have enough faith in yourselves.
You don't have enough friends, do you?
You don't have enough friends.
You don't have enough gold.
You don't have enough information.
You don't have enough money, do you?
You don't have enough money.
You don't have enough muscle to carry that.
You don't have enough time to do that now.
You don't have enough time to do that today.
You don't have enough time to eat now.
You don't have hairy legs.
You don't have it easy but you earned that yourself.
You don't have it.
You don't have love, which is the most important thing, at your age.
You don't have many options, so you're not really in a position to be choosy.
You don't have money.
You don't have much money but I'm happy because I'm with you.
You don't have much more time.
You don't have much time left.
You don't have much time.
You don't have much, do you?
You don't have nightmares.
You don't have our permission to do that.
You don't have permission to do that.
You don't have permission to enter.
You don't have permission to swim here.
You don't have proper dignity as chief of the section.
You don't have school tomorrow, do you?
You don't have sneakers.
You don't have that, right?
You don't have the answer to this question.
You don't have the appearance of a thief.
You don't have the authority to do something like that.
You don't have the authority to do that, do you?
You don't have the authority to do that.
You don't have the balls.
You don't have the guts.
You don't have the habit of showing your feelings.
You don't have the key to this door, do you?
You don't have the key to this door.
You don't have the keys.
You don't have the luxury of making mistakes. Do you understand me?
You don't have the monopoly of the heart.
You don't have the nerve.
You don't have the qualifications to lead a group.
You don't have the right to access it.
You don't have the right to call me 'my love.'
You don't have the right to do that.
You don't have the right to force people to convert to Islam.
You don't have the right to force these Christians to abandon their faith.
You don't have the right to make a call here!
You don't have the right to park here!
You don't have the right to read my letter.
You don't have the right to sell my stuff.
You don't have the right to wash the plates after dinner.
You don't have the right to work in the meeting room.
You don't have the right.
You don't have the slightest hint of conscience!
You don't have the slightest idea what I need.
You don't have the slightest idea what to do, do you?
You don't have the ticket.
You don't have the time.
You don't have time to do that now, do you?
You don't have time to do that today, do you?
You don't have time.
You don't have time? You would if you set aside the time you waste on Tatoeba.
You don't have to answer all of the questions.
You don't have to answer any further questions.
You don't have to answer any of Tom's questions if you don't want to.
You don't have to answer any of these questions.
You don't have to answer his questions.
You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
You don't have to answer quickly.
You don't have to answer right away.
You don't have to answer right now.
You don't have to answer that letter.
You don't have to answer that question.
You don't have to answer that.
You don't have to answer the question.
You don't have to answer these questions.
You don't have to answer this question.
You don't have to answer those questions.
You don't have to answer today.
You don't have to answer.
You don't have to apologise.
You don't have to apologize like that. I don't get angry just because someone gets my name wrong.
You don't have to apologize to Tom.
You don't have to apologize to me.
You don't have to apologize, Tom.
You don't have to apologize.
You don't have to argue.
You don't have to ask for forgiveness.
You don't have to ask me.
You don't have to attend art college to be an artist.
You don't have to be Einstein to work that out.
You don't have to be Jewish to learn Yiddish.
You don't have to be a genius to appreciate the complexity of the situation.
You don't have to be a genius to know when someone loves you.
You don't have to be a genius to know who said that.
You don't have to be a genius to work that out.
You don't have to be a genius.
You don't have to be a part of this.
You don't have to be a student to do that.
You don't have to be a victim.
You don't have to be a woman to be a gynaecologist.
You don't have to be afraid of Tom.
You don't have to be afraid of bees.
You don't have to be afraid.
You don't have to be alone anymore.
You don't have to be alone tonight.
You don't have to be alone.
You don't have to be an Arab to be a Muslim.
You don't have to be an artist to find the beauty in everyday life.
You don't have to be ashamed of admitting it.
You don't have to be back until tomorrow.
You don't have to be born with those skills.
You don't have to be concerned about me.
You don't have to be crazy to work here.
You don't have to be discouraged because you are not a genius.
You don't have to be embarrassed about it.
You don't have to be embarrassed.
You don't have to be faster than the bear, you just have to be faster than the slowest guy running from it.
You don't have to be here now.
You don't have to be here tomorrow.
You don't have to be here until 2:30.
You don't have to be here.
You don't have to be mad to work here, but it certainly helps.
You don't have to be mean about it.
You don't have to be naked to do that.
You don't have to be nervous.
You don't have to be nice to your jailer.
You don't have to be perfect all the time.
You don't have to be pro-West to oppose Russia's illegal occupation of Ukraine.
You don't have to be rich but, rather, independent.
You don't have to be rich to do that.
You don't have to be sarcastic.
You don't have to be scared of change.
You don't have to be scared.
You don't have to be shy.
You don't have to be so cold.
You don't have to be so demeaning.
You don't have to be so formal.
You don't have to be so harsh with Sami.
You don't have to be so harsh.
You don't have to be so mean to Tom.
You don't have to be so nervous.
You don't have to be so rude.
You don't have to be so sarcastic.
You don't have to be so shy about it.
You don't have to be so snotty.
You don't have to be so strong.
You don't have to be sorry.
You don't have to be tall to do that.
You don't have to be tall to play basketball.
You don't have to be the person who runs for president, Tom.
You don't have to be transgender to join our Discord server, cisgender folks are welcome too!
You don't have to be very old to remember that event.
You don't have to be young to do that.
You don't have to beat your way.
You don't have to beg me.
You don't have to behave like this.
You don't have to believe Tom. Nevertheless, what he said is true.
You don't have to believe everything you read in the newspapers.
You don't have to believe me.
You don't have to believe what you see.
You don't have to blame yourself for that.
You don't have to brag about it.
You don't have to bring your lunch.
You don't have to buy anything if you don't want to.
You don't have to buy anything right now.
You don't have to buy anything, since we have everything we need.
You don't have to buy it.
You don't have to buy me anything.
You don't have to buy water, do you?
You don't have to call me.
You don't have to cancel your vacation.
You don't have to carry your baggage.
You don't have to change the world yet. Just make one person's day better. Then another's. And then another's. Pretty soon you'll be changing the world.
You don't have to change.
You don't have to chat with them.
You don't have to choose.
You don't have to come anymore.
You don't have to come back now.
You don't have to come here anymore.
You don't have to come here every day.
You don't have to come here.
You don't have to come if you don't want to.
You don't have to come if you're busy.
You don't have to come into the kitchen.
You don't have to come right now, but please come before 2:30.
You don't have to come see me.
You don't have to come to the meeting.
You don't have to come to the party.
You don't have to come tomorrow.
You don't have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech.
You don't have to come.
You don't have to commit yourself unless you want to.
You don't have to compare yourself to others.
You don't have to convince me of that.
You don't have to convince me.
You don't have to convince me. You have to convince Tom.
You don't have to cover your mistake.
You don't have to cry out. I can hear you.
You don't have to cry.
You don't have to decide right away.
You don't have to decide right now.
You don't have to die.
You don't have to digitize everything, Tom.
You don't have to do all this praying and fasting.
You don't have to do any work.
You don't have to do anything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
You don't have to do anything Tom tells you to do if you don't want to.
You don't have to do anything Tom tells you to do.
You don't have to do anything if you don't want to.
You don't have to do anything that you don't want to do.
You don't have to do anything that you don't want to.
You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.
You don't have to do anything you don't want to.
You don't have to do anything.
You don't have to do drugs if you don't want to.
You don't have to do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
You don't have to do everything Tom tells you to do.
You don't have to do everything people ask you to do.
You don't have to do it again.
You don't have to do it alone.
You don't have to do it by yourselves. You can do it with Tom.
You don't have to do it here.
You don't have to do it if you don't want to.
You don't have to do it immediately.
You don't have to do it now.
You don't have to do it right away.
You don't have to do it so awkwardly.
You don't have to do it today.
You don't have to do it, but it would be advisable.
You don't have to do it, but you should.
You don't have to do it.
You don't have to do that again today, do you?
You don't have to do that again.
You don't have to do that anymore, do you?
You don't have to do that anymore.
You don't have to do that at all.
You don't have to do that by yourself, do you?
You don't have to do that by yourself.
You don't have to do that by yourselves.
You don't have to do that either.
You don't have to do that every day, do you?
You don't have to do that here.
You don't have to do that if you don't really want to.
You don't have to do that if you don't want to.
You don't have to do that immediately.
You don't have to do that now if you aren't feeling well.
You don't have to do that now, do you?
You don't have to do that now.
You don't have to do that right away.
You don't have to do that right now, do you?
You don't have to do that right now.
You don't have to do that today, do you?
You don't have to do that today.
You don't have to do that tomorrow.
You don't have to do that unless you want to.
You don't have to do that until Monday.
You don't have to do that!
You don't have to do that, but it would be better if you did.
You don't have to do that, but you should.
You don't have to do that, do you?
You don't have to do that.
You don't have to do this alone.
You don't have to do this anymore.
You don't have to do this every day.
You don't have to do this for me.
You don't have to do this if you don't want to.
You don't have to do this now.
You don't have to do this!
You don't have to do this, Tom.
You don't have to do this, you know.
You don't have to do this.
You don't have to do what Tom says.
You don't have to do what Tom tells you to do.
You don't have to do what Tom tells you.
You don't have to do what he says.
You don't have to do what she says.
You don't have to do what you don't want to do.
You don't have to dress in a mad rush; we've got time.
You don't have to dress up.
You don't have to drink that if you don't want to.
You don't have to drive all the way to Algiers when you can go there just by taking a train.
You don't have to eat anything you don't want to eat.
You don't have to eat anything you don't want to.
You don't have to eat everything you're served.
You don't have to eat everything.
You don't have to eat if you don't want to.
You don't have to eat it all if you're not hungry anymore.
You don't have to eat it if you don't want to.
You don't have to eat it.
You don't have to eat now.
You don't have to eat that if you don't want to.
You don't have to eat that unless you want to.
You don't have to eat that.
You don't have to eat this if you don't want to.
You don't have to eat with Tom, but I wish you would.
You don't have to eat.
You don't have to encourage them.
You don't have to explain anything to Tom.
You don't have to explain anything to me.
You don't have to explain anything.
You don't have to explain it to me.
You don't have to explain that to me.
You don't have to explain to us.
You don't have to explain yourself to me.
You don't have to explain.
You don't have to face it alone.
You don't have to fear magic.
You don't have to feel bad for that.
You don't have to feel beholden.
You don't have to feel disturbed.
You don't have to feel guilty.
You don't have to feel threatened.
You don't have to fight a battle with yourself.
You don't have to fight.
You don't have to find Tom, but you really do need to find Mary.
You don't have to finish that.
You don't have to follow Tom.
You don't have to follow my advice.
You don't have to form an opinion on everything.
You don't have to get a PhD to get a good job.
You don't have to get it.
You don't have to get married if you don't want to.
You don't have to get personal.
You don't have to get up early tomorrow.
You don't have to get up early.
You don't have to get up so early tomorrow.
You don't have to get up so early.
You don't have to get upset.
You don't have to get your panties in a bunch about it.
You don't have to give a speech if you don't want to.
You don't have to give me anything.
You don't have to give me the particulars of the contract right now; just show me what I need to do and I'll do it.
You don't have to give money if you don't have any.
You don't have to give yourself such airs.
You don't have to give yourselves such airs.
You don't have to go back home.
You don't have to go back to Australia if you don't want to.
You don't have to go back to Boston if you don't want to.
You don't have to go easy on me.
You don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.
You don't have to go if you don't want to.
You don't have to go if you don't want.
You don't have to go in if you don't want to.
You don't have to go in there.
You don't have to go inside.
You don't have to go inside. You can pay at the pump.
You don't have to go out with Tom.
You don't have to go right away, do you?
You don't have to go right away.
You don't have to go that far.
You don't have to go there if you don't want to.
You don't have to go there today.
You don't have to go there unless you want to.
You don't have to go there.
You don't have to go to Australia if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to Boston if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to Boston next month.
You don't have to go to Boston next week.
You don't have to go to an Ivy League college to get a good education.
You don't have to go to an art school in order to be an artist.
You don't have to go to art school to be an artist.
You don't have to go to school anymore.
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
You don't have to go to school today if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to school today.
You don't have to go to school tomorrow.
You don't have to go to summer camp.
You don't have to go to the dance if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to the hairdresser's to get a fringe. I'll cut it for you with my garden shears.
You don't have to go to the party if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.
You don't have to go to the trouble of getting an umbrella.
You don't have to go to today's meeting.
You don't have to go to work today.
You don't have to go unless you want to.
You don't have to go with Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to go with Tom.
You don't have to go with her.
You don't have to go with him.
You don't have to go with me unless you want to.
You don't have to go with me.
You don't have to go with them.
You don't have to go with us.
You don't have to go, do you?
You don't have to go.
You don't have to hang around if you don't want to.
You don't have to have read everything.
You don't have to have your tux washed before you return it; just let us know if it has a stain.
You don't have to help Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to help Tom.
You don't have to help if you don't want to.
You don't have to help me anymore.
You don't have to help me if you don't want to.
You don't have to help me.
You don't have to help us if you don't want to.
You don't have to help.
You don't have to hide anything from me.
You don't have to hide it.
You don't have to hide your feelings from me.
You don't have to hide your feelings.
You don't have to hide.
You don't have to hold back.
You don't have to hug Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to hurry.
You don't have to impress a woman. Just speak naturally.
You don't have to impress me.
You don't have to justify your decision.
You don't have to keep up that facade, since it's just the two of us here.
You don't have to kick yourself.
You don't have to kill this centipede.
You don't have to kiss me.
You don't have to know all the details.
You don't have to leave from work.
You don't have to leave if you don't want to.
You don't have to leave immediately.
You don't have to leave me hanging like this. Why don't you just come out and tell it to me straight?
You don't have to leave now, do you?
You don't have to leave right now.
You don't have to leave this room.
You don't have to leave yet.
You don't have to leave.
You don't have to lecture me.
You don't have to let Ziri ruin your life and hinder your own progress.
You don't have to lie.
You don't have to like Mary. You just have to work with her.
You don't have to like Tom and Mary. You just have work with them.
You don't have to like Tom. You just have work with him.
You don't have to like it, you know.
You don't have to like it.
You don't have to like me.
You don't have to like my views but this doesn't mean that I am wrong.
You don't have to listen to what Tom says.
You don't have to listen to what he says.
You don't have to look at what you're eating, but rather who you're eating with.
You don't have to love your enemy.
You don't have to love your persecutor.
You don't have to make a big deal out of it.
You don't have to make a decision now.
You don't have to make a different dish for every person.
You don't have to make an apology.
You don't have to make any excuses.
You don't have to make excuses.
You don't have to make it difficult.
You don't have to make it look so obvious.
You don't have to make love to me if you don't want to.
You don't have to make prearrangements.
You don't have to make that decision right now.
You don't have to make up an excuse if you don't want to go with us.
You don't have to make up your mind right now.
You don't have to memorize everything the teacher says. As long as you understand it, you're good.
You don't have to move to Australia.
You don't have to move to Boston.
You don't have to obey such a law.
You don't have to obey the order of your superiors, if it constitutes a crime.
You don't have to paint the kitchen yellow. You can paint it any color you want.
You don't have to patronize me.
You don't have to pay anything, it is free.
You don't have to pay anything.
You don't have to pay attention to what Tom says.
You don't have to pay attention to what he says.
You don't have to pay for an apartment in advance.
You don't have to pay for anything.
You don't have to pay for everything.
You don't have to pay for it, that's for free.
You don't have to pay in cash.
You don't have to pay me anything.
You don't have to pay this bill.
You don't have to pay – it's free.
You don't have to pay.
You don't have to peel a fig to eat it. You can eat it whole.
You don't have to phone me.
You don't have to play outside in the biting wind.
You don't have to please everyone all the time.
You don't have to please everyone.
You don't have to pretend that you're interested.
You don't have to pretend to be anyone but you.
You don't have to pretend to be interested.
You don't have to pretend with me.
You don't have to pretend you're interested.
You don't have to protect me anymore.
You don't have to prove a thing.
You don't have to prove anything to anyone.
You don't have to prove yourself.
You don't have to publicize your whole life on Facebook.
You don't have to punish yourself like this.
You don't have to push me.
You don't have to push yourself so hard, you know? If you don't rest properly, you'll end up harming your health.
You don't have to put them all in the same basket.
You don't have to raise your voice.
You don't have to re-invent the wheel.
You don't have to read it if you aren't interested.
You don't have to read it if you're not interested.
You don't have to read it.
You don't have to read that book.
You don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end.
You don't have to read this if you don't want to.
You don't have to really drink, but you should pretend to.
You don't have to remember this word.
You don't have to repeat the obvious.
You don't have to reply right away.
You don't have to reply today.
You don't have to resort to jerking off. You've got your girlfriend.
You don't have to respond by letter.
You don't have to respond.
You don't have to ring me.
You don't have to run fast.
You don't have to say a thing.
You don't have to say a word.
You don't have to say another word.
You don't have to say any more.
You don't have to say anything if you don't feel like it.
You don't have to say anything if you don't want to.
You don't have to say anything you don't want to say.
You don't have to say anything.
You don't have to say it like that.
You don't have to say it – I already know.
You don't have to say it.
You don't have to say or do anything.
You don't have to say that you love me.
You don't have to say that.
You don't have to say you love me.
You don't have to say you want to die just because something bad happened to you.
You don't have to say you're sorry; I understand.
You don't have to see Tom again.
You don't have to see eye to eye on everything.
You don't have to set off straight away.
You don't have to settle.
You don't have to shout at me.
You don't have to shout at the top of your voice.
You don't have to shout.
You don't have to shout. I can hear perfectly.
You don't have to shout. I can hear you.
You don't have to show those pictures to Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to sing if you don't want to.
You don't have to sing.
You don't have to sit with Tom.
You don't have to sit with me.
You don't have to sleep down here.
You don't have to snap at me like that.
You don't have to sound like a native speaker in order to communicate.
You don't have to speak perfect English. Broken English is OK as long as you can make yourself understood.
You don't have to speak so loudly. I can hear you very clearly.
You don't have to speak the truth so forcefully, you know.
You don't have to speak to Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to speak.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to have fun.
You don't have to spend a lot to have a good time.
You don't have to spend much money here to have fun.
You don't have to spend very much money to have fun here.
You don't have to stand on ceremony with me.
You don't have to stand out there in the rain. Come in.
You don't have to stand over me.
You don't have to stand up.
You don't have to stand.
You don't have to stay for the meeting.
You don't have to stay here any more.
You don't have to stay here anymore.
You don't have to stay here if you don't want to.
You don't have to stay here with me if you don't want to.
You don't have to stay here.
You don't have to stay home today.
You don't have to stay home.
You don't have to stay if you don't want to.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
You don't have to stay long.
You don't have to stay to the end.
You don't have to stay.
You don't have to stoop to his level.
You don't have to stop reading just because I'm here.
You don't have to stop.
You don't have to struggle.
You don't have to study French.
You don't have to study all day. You should go out and have some fun.
You don't have to study at a school of fine arts to become an artist.
You don't have to study theology to be a believer.
You don't have to study.
You don't have to surrender to the LGBT lobby.
You don't have to swear.
You don't have to take Tom his job.
You don't have to take an examination.
You don't have to take care of her.
You don't have to take it seriously. I'm just kidding.
You don't have to take off your shoes.
You don't have to take off your socks.
You don't have to take your shoes off.
You don't have to take your socks off.
You don't have to take your umbrella with you.
You don't have to talk about it if I don't want to.
You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
You don't have to talk so loud.
You don't have to talk so loud. I can hear you OK.
You don't have to talk to Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to talk to me if you don't want to.
You don't have to talk to people any more than you want to.
You don't have to talk.
You don't have to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
You don't have to tell Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell Tom twice to do something.
You don't have to tell anything, and you don't have to speak up because I've noticed before you knew it that something was off with you today.
You don't have to tell it to me if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me I'm trash. I'll do it myself.
You don't have to tell me about Tom. I don't care about that guy.
You don't have to tell me about what happened if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me again.
You don't have to tell me anything you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me anything.
You don't have to tell me everything.
You don't have to tell me her name.
You don't have to tell me his name.
You don't have to tell me how to do that.
You don't have to tell me how to do that. I already know.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me or anyone else if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me that twice.
You don't have to tell me that, fool.
You don't have to tell me this.
You don't have to tell me twice.
You don't have to tell me what to do.
You don't have to tell me what to do. I already know.
You don't have to tell me why.
You don't have to tell me your name.
You don't have to tell me.
You don't have to tell me. I already know.
You don't have to tell that me again.
You don't have to tell that to your parents.
You don't have to tell the truth all the time.
You don't have to tell the whole world about that.
You don't have to tell your life story.
You don't have to tell your parents that.
You don't have to thank me for that.
You don't have to thank me.
You don't have to thank us.
You don't have to think about that now.
You don't have to think wrong.
You don't have to think you aren't going to make it just because others have failed.
You don't have to tiptoe around me.
You don't have to touch me when you're talking to me.
You don't have to trouble yourselves.
You don't have to trust Tom. However, you definitely should trust me.
You don't have to try so hard to impress me.
You don't have to try to cheer me up.
You don't have to try to do that if you don't want to.
You don't have to try to impress me.
You don't have to try too hard to get yourself liked by others, you just have to show your real self for them to like you.
You don't have to try.
You don't have to understand everything.
You don't have to understand someone to treat them with respect.
You don't have to understand the world, you just have to find your way around.
You don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
You don't have to use such a harsh tone with me.
You don't have to wait for Tom.
You don't have to wait for Tom. He isn't coming.
You don't have to wait for Tom. He won't come.
You don't have to wait for Tom. He's not coming.
You don't have to wait for an apology in order to forgive.
You don't have to wait for me.
You don't have to wait in line.
You don't have to wait till the end.
You don't have to wait until the end.
You don't have to wait with me.
You don't have to wait.
You don't have to wash the car if I don't want to.
You don't have to wash the car if you don't want to.
You don't have to wash the car. It's already been washed.
You don't have to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
You don't have to watch it.
You don't have to watch this.
You don't have to win every argument. Agree to disagree.
You don't have to wince like that. I'll fix it so it doesn't hurt.
You don't have to work here.
You don't have to work on Sundays.
You don't have to work so hard if you're tired.
You don't have to work so hard.
You don't have to work today, do you?
You don't have to work today.
You don't have to work with Tom.
You don't have to worry about Marie.
You don't have to worry about Tom anymore.
You don't have to worry about Tom at all.
You don't have to worry about a thing like that.
You don't have to worry about anything.
You don't have to worry about anything. Everything's been taken care of.
You don't have to worry about funds.
You don't have to worry about her anymore.
You don't have to worry about it.
You don't have to worry about me anymore.
You don't have to worry about me, sweetheart.
You don't have to worry about me.
You don't have to worry about my future.
You don't have to worry about picking me up at the airport. I'll take the bus.
You don't have to worry about publicity.
You don't have to worry about something like that.
You don't have to worry about that any more.
You don't have to worry about that anymore.
You don't have to worry about that, OK?
You don't have to worry about that.
You don't have to worry about this anymore.
You don't have to worry about this happening again.
You don't have to worry about us, Tom.
You don't have to worry about what they say.
You don't have to worry any more.
You don't have to worry too much.
You don't have to worry, Tom.
You don't have to worry.
You don't have to worry. I'll do it myself.
You don't have to wrap it up.
You don't have to write everything down.
You don't have to write out a clean copy of your composition.
You don't have to yell at me.
You don't have to yell.
You don't have to.
You don't have very many friends, do you?
You don't have what it takes to be a leader.
You don't have you to do that again.
You don't have you to do that anymore, do you?
You don't have you to do that anymore.
You don't have your parents' permission to do this, do you?
You don't hear about many chill dictators.
You don't hear me complaining, do you?
You don't help Tom enough.
You don't help me as much as you used to.
You don't help me very often.
You don't help much around here, do you?
You don't help other ones, but you expect other ones to help you.
You don't help the poor.
You don't impress me.
You don't insist.
You don't intend going there, do you?
You don't intend to do that again, do you?
You don't intend to do that, do you?
You don't interest me.
You don't just go to the cinema to watch films. Rather, you go to the cinema in order to laugh and cry together with two hundred people.
You don't keep your promises.
You don't keep your room very clean, do you?
You don't keep your room very tidy, do you?
You don't kick a man when he's down.
You don't kiss me like you used to.
You don't know Boston as well as I do.
You don't know Boston very well, do you?
You don't know French very well, do you?
You don't know French, do you?
You don't know German, do you?
You don't know Tom as well as I do.
You don't know Tom as well as you think you do.
You don't know Tom like I do.
You don't know Tom the way I do.
You don't know Tom very well, do you?
You don't know Tom's brother, do you?
You don't know Tom's last name, do you?
You don't know Tom, do you?
You don't know Tom.
You don't know a thing about me.
You don't know about politics.
You don't know all the facts.
You don't know any French, do you?
You don't know anyone here.
You don't know anyone in Berlin.
You don't know anything about Istanbul.
You don't know anything about Mary's family.
You don't know anything about Tom, do you?
You don't know anything about anything.
You don't know anything about basketball, do you?
You don't know anything about football.
You don't know anything about lacrosse, do you?
You don't know anything about me.
You don't know anything about soccer.
You don't know anything about the Berber language.
You don't know anything about this, do you?
You don't know anything about women's fashion.
You don't know anything, do you?
You don't know anything.
You don't know as much about this as I do.
You don't know everything I do.
You don't know everything.
You don't know her like I do.
You don't know her neighbors.
You don't know her, do you?
You don't know her.
You don't know him at all.
You don't know him like I do.
You don't know him, but I do.
You don't know him, do you?
You don't know him.
You don't know his city.
You don't know how I did that, do you?
You don't know how I'm actually doing.
You don't know how Tom did that, do you?
You don't know how bad I want to learn how to speak French.
You don't know how bad I want to leave.
You don't know how bad I want to see you.
You don't know how bad it is.
You don't know how dangerous some situations could be.
You don't know how difficult it was for Tom.
You don't know how happy I am that you've found a new friend.
You don't know how happy I am to see you.
You don't know how happy that makes me.
You don't know how hard it was for Tom.
You don't know how hard she works.
You don't know how hard we had to work for this.
You don't know how hard you held on until you let go.
You don't know how heavy is the load you don't bear.
You don't know how lucky you are.
You don't know how lucky you were.
You don't know how much I appreciate this.
You don't know how much I cried.
You don't know how much I hate that place.
You don't know how much I love Mary.
You don't know how much I love Tom.
You don't know how much I love you.
You don't know how much I miss you.
You don't know how much I want to do that.
You don't know how much I wanted to do that.
You don't know how much it costs, do you?
You don't know how much it costs.
You don't know how much money I owe.
You don't know how much that means to me.
You don't know how much this means to me.
You don't know how much you mean to me.
You don't know how right you are.
You don't know how serious it is.
You don't know how strong I am.
You don't know how that happened, do you?
You don't know how things are going.
You don't know how tired I was.
You don't know how to dance, do you?
You don't know how to do anything.
You don't know how to do it, do you?
You don't know how to do it.
You don't know how to do that, do you?
You don't know how to do that.
You don't know how to drive as well as I do.
You don't know how to operate a forklift, do you?
You don't know how to play tennis, do you?
You don't know how to say thanks.
You don't know how to screw in a lightbulb?
You don't know how to speak French as well as I do.
You don't know how to speak French very well, do you?
You don't know how to speak French, do you?
You don't know how to swim, do you?
You don't know how to use it, do you?
You don't know how to work well if you don't know how to slack off well.
You don't know how worried I am.
You don't know if Tom and Mary need to do that or not, do you?
You don't know if you know how to write it?
You don't know if you want it.
You don't know jack.
You don't know me and I don't know you, either.
You don't know me as well as you think you do.
You don't know me at all.
You don't know me or what I'm capable of.
You don't know me very well yet.
You don't know me very well, do you?
You don't know me very well.
You don't know me, do you?
You don't know me.
You don't know my brother.
You don't know my dad, do you?
You don't know my name, do you?
You don't know my plan yet.
You don't know my type.
You don't know politics.
You don't know shit about me.
You don't know squat.
You don't know that different people have different ideas about wealth. For many of you, you think it's just about money.
You don't know that for certain.
You don't know that for sure, do you?
You don't know that for sure.
You don't know that, do you?
You don't know that, either?
You don't know that.
You don't know the dangers of life.
You don't know the difficulties I'm experiencing.
You don't know the first thing about it.
You don't know the half of it.
You don't know the importance of voting in today's democracy.
You don't know the place.
You don't know the real me.
You don't know the system, do you?
You don't know the system.
You don't know the truth.
You don't know the whole story.
You don't know the worst of it yet.
You don't know them as well as I do.
You don't know them like I do.
You don't know them, do you?
You don't know them.
You don't know this song, so don't try to sing along.
You don't know this.
You don't know until you've had a child what pain you can feel when something happens to them.
You don't know us very well.
You don't know us.
You don't know very much about me.
You don't know what Esperanto is?
You don't know what Facebook is? Man, I can't talk to you.
You don't know what I am buying.
You don't know what I experienced.
You don't know what I feel.
You don't know what I had to put up with!
You don't know what I know.
You don't know what I owe you.
You don't know what I really like.
You don't know what I said.
You don't know what I want.
You don't know what I was going to do.
You don't know what I was going to say.
You don't know what I'm experiencing.
You don't know what I'm feeling inside.
You don't know what I'm going through.
You don't know what I've had to do to get this far.
You don't know what Mary's looking for.
You don't know what Tom and Mary are capable of.
You don't know what Tom and Mary are like.
You don't know what Tom and Mary were doing.
You don't know what Tom did to me.
You don't know what Tom did.
You don't know what Tom is capable of.
You don't know what Tom is like.
You don't know what Tom might do.
You don't know what Tom was doing.
You don't know what Ziri is capable of.
You don't know what danger lurks behind every tree.
You don't know what happened.
You don't know what he did to me.
You don't know what he told me.
You don't know what it is to be poor.
You don't know what it is you've got until it's gone.
You don't know what it is, do you?
You don't know what it was like.
You don't know what it's like to be married to Tom.
You don't know what it's like to be poor.
You don't know what it's like to lose all your family in a war.
You don't know what it's like to lose your entire family in a war.
You don't know what it's like to not have enough to eat.
You don't know what it's like.
You don't know what marriage means.
You don't know what she did to me.
You don't know what she'll say yet.
You don't know what that is?
You don't know what that means to me.
You don't know what that small opaque bottle contains.
You don't know what this is, do you?
You don't know what this means to me.
You don't know what this means to us.
You don't know what to do next, do you?
You don't know what to do, do you?
You don't know what trouble is.
You don't know what we've been through.
You don't know what you are doing, do you?
You don't know what you are.
You don't know what you want, do you?
You don't know what you will do.
You don't know what you're asking for.
You don't know what you're doing, do you?
You don't know what you're doing.
You don't know what you're getting for Christmas, do you?
You don't know what you're missing.
You don't know what you're saying right now.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You don't know what you've been missing.
You don't know what'll happen, do you?
You don't know what's going on, do you?
You don't know what's going on.
You don't know what's going to happen tomorrow.
You don't know what's going to happen, do you?
You don't know what's happening, do you?
You don't know when I need to do that, do you?
You don't know when I'm supposed to do that, do you?
You don't know when Tom and Mary are going to do that, do you?
You don't know when Tom is coming, do you?
You don't know when Tom is going to do that, do you?
You don't know when Tom will come, do you?
You don't know when Tom will do that, do you?
You don't know when he will come, do you?
You don't know when he's coming, do you?
You don't know when she's coming, do you?
You don't know when to quit, do you?
You don't know when you're alive.
You don't know where Mary lives.
You don't know where Tom and Mary have gone, do you?
You don't know where Tom and Mary work, do you?
You don't know where Tom did that, do you?
You don't know where Tom has gone, do you?
You don't know where Tom is, do you?
You don't know where Tom works, do you?
You don't know where Tom's home is, do you?
You don't know where he is.
You don't know where he lives, by any chance?
You don't know where it is, do you?
You don't know where it is.
You don't know where she is.
You don't know where you are.
You don't know where you're going.
You don't know whether I need to do that or not, do you?
You don't know whether Tom and Mary need to do that or not, do you?
You don't know whether Tom needs to do that or not, do you?
You don't know whether he has a girlfriend?
You don't know whether or not Tom was even here.
You don't know whether to laugh or cry.
You don't know who Fadil is.
You don't know who I am, do you?
You don't know who I am.
You don't know who Sean Connery is?
You don't know who Tom and Mary are, do you?
You don't know who Tom is, do you?
You don't know who did it, do you?
You don't know who did that, do you?
You don't know who didn't do that, do you?
You don't know who you should ask.
You don't know who you're dealing with!
You don't know who you're dealing with.
You don't know who you're up against.
You don't know who's going to do that, do you?
You don't know who's out there.
You don't know why I did that, do you?
You don't know why I didn't do that, do you?
You don't know why I had to do that, do you?
You don't know why I have to do that, do you?
You don't know why I need to do that, do you?
You don't know why I needed to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom and Mary are doing that, do you?
You don't know why Tom and Mary have to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom and Mary want me to do that.
You don't know why Tom asked me to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom did do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom did that, do you?
You don't know why Tom didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know why Tom didn't do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom has to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom is doing that, do you?
You don't know why Tom kept doing that, do you?
You don't know why Tom needed to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom needs to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom wanted to do that, do you?
You don't know why Tom wants me to do that.
You don't know why he didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know why she didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know yet what she'll say.
You don't know your neighbors, do you?
You don't know your neighbors.
You don't know your own strength.
You don't know, do you?
You don't know.
You don't know?
You don't learn by just listening.
You don't learn for your parents, but for yourself.
You don't learn for your parents, but for yourselves.
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and by falling over.
You don't leave me much choice, do you?
You don't let your children do that, do you?
You don't let your kids do that, do you?
You don't lie well.
You don't lie.
You don't like Chinese cooking?
You don't like Nick, right?
You don't like Tom and me the same way, do you?
You don't like Tom doing that, do you?
You don't like Tom much, do you?
You don't like Tom very much, do you?
You don't like Tom's dog, do you?
You don't like Tom's dog.
You don't like Tom, do you?
You don't like anyone but yourself.
You don't like anyone.
You don't like anything.
You don't like beer?
You don't like being lied to.
You don't like carrots much, do you?
You don't like carrots, do you?
You don't like cats much, do you?
You don't like cats, do you?
You don't like cats.
You don't like cheese.
You don't like chocolate anyway, right?
You don't like chocolate, do you?
You don't like dancing?
You don't like doing that, do you?
You don't like gambling, do you?
You don't like her, do you?
You don't like him, do you?
You don't like it when I do that, do you?
You don't like it when Tom and Mary do that, do you?
You don't like it when Tom does that, do you?
You don't like it when we do that, do you?
You don't like it, do you?
You don't like it?
You don't like living with your parents, do you?
You don't like love stories, do you?
You don't like love stories.
You don't like me anymore!
You don't like me anymore, do you?
You don't like me getting a higher education.
You don't like me much, do you?
You don't like me very much, do you?
You don't like me, but you were dating me?
You don't like me, do you?
You don't like me.
You don't like music.
You don't like onions, do you?
You don't like pop songs, do you?
You don't like raw fish, do you?
You don't like sashimi, do you?
You don't like school, do you?
You don't like spinach, do you?
You don't like staying with us.
You don't like the way I do that, do you?
You don't like the way Tom and Mary do that, do you?
You don't like the way Tom did that, do you?
You don't like the way Tom does that, do you?
You don't like them, do you?
You don't like them.
You don't like these regulations, do you?
You don't like these rules, do you?
You don't like this game much, do you?
You don't like this game.
You don't like this kind of music do you?
You don't like to do that, do you?
You don't like to see me studying.
You don't like to talk about Tom, do you?
You don't like to talk about your past that much, do you?
You don't like to travel, do you?
You don't like traveling, do you?
You don't like wine?
You don't like your own propaganda.
You don't listen to me at all.
You don't listen to me.
You don't listen!
You don't listen, do you?
You don't listen.
You don't live around here, do you?
You don't live here, do you?
You don't live in a country; you live in a language. Your homeland, that's that and nothing else.
You don't live in my neighbourhood.
You don't look Japanese.
You don't look Muslim.
You don't look a day over 30.
You don't look alike.
You don't look all that busy.
You don't look all that concerned.
You don't look all that happy.
You don't look angry.
You don't look anything like I'd imagined you would.
You don't look anything like Tom.
You don't look anything like her.
You don't look anything like him.
You don't look anything like your mother.
You don't look as fetching as you think.
You don't look at me like you used to.
You don't look bad yourself.
You don't look busy.
You don't look comfortable.
You don't look convinced.
You don't look embarrassed.
You don't look especially bad in these pictures. That's just how you look.
You don't look forty.
You don't look happy to me.
You don't look happy to see me.
You don't look happy.
You don't look ill to me.
You don't look ill.
You don't look impressed.
You don't look in a good shape today.
You don't look like Tom.
You don't look like a beginner.
You don't look like a boxer.
You don't look like a cop.
You don't look like a doctor.
You don't look like a dope.
You don't look like a felon.
You don't look like a heavy metal guitarist.
You don't look like a killer.
You don't look like a millionaire.
You don't look like a nun.
You don't look like a poet.
You don't look like a policeman.
You don't look like a priest.
You don't look like a punk rocker.
You don't look like a scientist.
You don't look like a teacher.
You don't look like a teenager.
You don't look like a thief.
You don't look like a vegan.
You don't look like a vegetarian.
You don't look like a weight lifter.
You don't look like a weightlifter.
You don't look like anyone else in your family.
You don't look like either of your parents.
You don't look like her.
You don't look like him.
You don't look like them.
You don't look like you're angry.
You don't look like you're busy.
You don't look like you're done.
You don't look like you're enjoying yourself.
You don't look like you're enjoying yourselves.
You don't look like you're exhausted.
You don't look like you're feeling very good.
You don't look like you're feeling well.
You don't look like you're from around here.
You don't look like you're from around these parts.
You don't look like you're happy.
You don't look like you're having a good day.
You don't look like you're having a good time.
You don't look like you're having any fun.
You don't look like you're impressed.
You don't look like you're interested.
You don't look like you're lonely.
You don't look like you're mad.
You don't look like you're nervous.
You don't look like you're pleased.
You don't look like you're prepared.
You don't look like you're ready.
You don't look like you're sick.
You don't look like you're sleepy.
You don't look like you're tired.
You don't look like you're worried.
You don't look like your brother.
You don't look like your dad.
You don't look like your father.
You don't look like your mother.
You don't look much like your brother.
You don't look much like your father.
You don't look much like your mother.
You don't look much older than Tom.
You don't look nervous at all.
You don't look nervous.
You don't look old to me.
You don't look particularly pleased.
You don't look particularly worried.
You don't look pleased to see me.
You don't look pleased.
You don't look rested.
You don't look scared.
You don't look sick to me.
You don't look sick.
You don't look so bad yourself.
You don't look so busy.
You don't look so good.
You don't look so happy.
You don't look so hot.
You don't look so tough.
You don't look so well.
You don't look surprised.
You don't look that busy.
You don't look that good.
You don't look that strong.
You don't look the same.
You don't look thrilled.
You don't look tired to me.
You don't look tired.
You don't look too busy.
You don't look too confident.
You don't look too convinced.
You don't look too excited.
You don't look too good.
You don't look too happy about it.
You don't look too happy.
You don't look too sure.
You don't look too surprised.
You don't look very busy.
You don't look very comfortable.
You don't look very concerned.
You don't look very confident.
You don't look very excited.
You don't look very good.
You don't look very happy to see me.
You don't look very happy today.
You don't look very happy.
You don't look very healthy.
You don't look very lively today.
You don't look very much like your father.
You don't look very relaxed.
You don't look very strong.
You don't look very well! What are you coming down with?
You don't look very well, are you sick?
You don't look very well. Are you OK?
You don't look very well. Are you okay?
You don't look very well. Are you sick?
You don't look very well. You had better not go to work today.
You don't look very well. You should stay at home today.
You don't look very well. You should stay home today.
You don't look very well. You shouldn't go to work today.
You don't look well, Agnes.
You don't look well.
You don't look well. Are you OK?
You don't look your age.
You don't lose what you don't have.
You don't love Tom, do you?
You don't love anyone but yourself.
You don't love her, do you?
You don't love him, do you?
You don't love me anymore, do you?
You don't love me!
You don't love me, do you?
You don't love me.
You don't love me. You don't mean it.
You don't love me. You love your wife.
You don't love me. You never have!
You don't love us.
You don't love.
You don't make it easy.
You don't make orders here.
You don't make the rules.
You don't make up stuff like that.
You don't marry someone you can live with — you marry the person whom you cannot live without.
You don't matter to me anymore.
You don't matter to me.
You don't mean that, I am sure.
You don't mean that, I'm sure.
You don't mean that, do you?
You don't mean that.
You don't meet a soul mate very often.
You don't meet new people randomly, each new meeting in your life meets and serves a certain purpose.
You don't mess around with Tom.
You don't mind doing that, do you?
You don't mind if I leave early, do you?
You don't mind my staying, do you?
You don't mind staying.
You don't mind walking a little, do you?
You don't mind where you sit, do you?
You don't mind, do you?
You don't miss a thing!
You don't miss a thing, do you?
You don't miss anything, do you?
You don't miss me.
You don't miss much, do you?
You don't miss much.
You don't miss the water 'til the well runs dry.
You don't necessarily have to come if you're busy.
You don't necessarily have to go there yourself.
You don't necessarily have to go there yourselves.
You don't necessarily have to go there.
You don't necessarily have to go to the airport to reconfirm your plane reservation.
You don't necessarily have to go.
You don't need Tom for this. You can do it by yourselves.
You don't need Tom's money or his approval.
You don't need Tom's permission.
You don't need a PhD in quantum physics to be against nuclear war.
You don't need a boyfriend.
You don't need a college degree to be a sky marshal.
You don't need a dictionary if you're reading this book.
You don't need a four-wheel drive.
You don't need a friend; all you need is someone who constantly flatters you.
You don't need a gun.
You don't need a key: you input a code.
You don't need a list.
You don't need a lot of money to be comfortable.
You don't need a lot of money to live a comfortable life.
You don't need a lot.
You don't need a photographic memory if you study hard.
You don't need a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
You don't need a visa.
You don't need a whole day to take a shit! Come out now!
You don't need a whole lot of water to keep your heaths going.
You don't need alcohol to be happy.
You don't need all of these. You should sell some of them.
You don't need an electrician to change a light bulb.
You don't need an excuse, Tom; you can just do it.
You don't need answers: you already know the answers.
You don't need anything.
You don't need experience to apply for this job.
You don't need experience.
You don't need friends like that.
You don't need glasses anymore.
You don't need her permission.
You don't need him.
You don't need his permission.
You don't need it.
You don't need language to understand the beggar.
You don't need luck.
You don't need me any more, do you?
You don't need me any more.
You don't need me anymore, do you?
You don't need me anymore.
You don't need me for this.
You don't need me here interfering with your own lives.
You don't need me to do that for you anymore, do you?
You don't need me to tell you that.
You don't need me.
You don't need millions to be happy.
You don't need money now.
You don't need money.
You don't need much intelligence to understand that.
You don't need much to be blissfully happy.
You don't need my approval.
You don't need my help anymore.
You don't need my help.
You don't need my permission to do that.
You don't need my permission to go.
You don't need my permission.
You don't need one now.
You don't need our permission to do that.
You don't need people to tell you who you are.
You don't need religion to have morals.
You don't need seven cars!
You don't need that now.
You don't need that, do you?
You don't need that.
You don't need the money.
You don't need them to like you.
You don't need this workbook to learn Berber.
You don't need this.
You don't need to abdicate at all, Your Majesty.
You don't need to advise me.
You don't need to agree with me.
You don't need to answer a second time.
You don't need to answer any more questions.
You don't need to answer if you're busy.
You don't need to answer right away.
You don't need to answer that letter.
You don't need to answer that question.
You don't need to answer this question.
You don't need to answer; I know anyway what would be your answer.
You don't need to apologise.
You don't need to apologize for that.
You don't need to apologize to Tom.
You don't need to apologize, Tom.
You don't need to apologize, Tom. I fell in love with you all on my own.
You don't need to apologize.
You don't need to apologize. You've done nothing wrong.
You don't need to apply in advance.
You don't need to attend every argument you are invited to.
You don't need to attend the meeting.
You don't need to attend today's meeting.
You don't need to attend tomorrow's meeting.
You don't need to attend.
You don't need to be Pakistani to look Muslim. In fact, there are even Muslims with blue eyes and red curly hair.
You don't need to be a brain surgeon to apply a band-aid on a cut.
You don't need to be a heart surgeon to apply a band-aid on a wound.
You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
You don't need to be afraid of Tom.
You don't need to be afraid of anybody.
You don't need to be afraid of anyone.
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.
You don't need to be afraid to go to the dentist. He will only give you a painless injection.
You don't need to be afraid.
You don't need to be an artist in order to experience beauty every day.
You don't need to be ashamed.
You don't need to be at the meeting.
You don't need to be at today's meeting.
You don't need to be born into a well-off family to do great things.
You don't need to be courteous to him.
You don't need to be embarrassed for this.
You don't need to be good at something for it to be your hobby.
You don't need to be good at something to be paid to do it.
You don't need to be here for this.
You don't need to be here on Monday.
You don't need to be here today.
You don't need to be here tomorrow.
You don't need to be here until 2:30.
You don't need to be here.
You don't need to be in such a hurry.
You don't need to be in that much of a hurry.
You don't need to be involved at all if you don't want to be.
You don't need to be nervous.
You don't need to be perfect, just don't be fake.
You don't need to be polite to him.
You don't need to be religious to believe in God.
You don't need to be scared.
You don't need to be so aggressive!
You don't need to be so defensive.
You don't need to be so defensive. We know you're not involved in the murder.
You don't need to be so explicit.
You don't need to be strong to do that.
You don't need to be there either.
You don't need to be there.
You don't need to be young to do that.
You don't need to believe everything.
You don't need to bring up "A Winter Sonata" to show that South Korean culture is having an unexpected boom in Japan.
You don't need to bring up the matter.
You don't need to buy any more wine.
You don't need to buy any sugar. We already have plenty.
You don't need to buy everything on this list.
You don't need to buy that book. You can borrow it from the library.
You don't need to call her.
You don't need to call him.
You don't need to call me that.
You don't need to call me.
You don't need to cancel your holiday.
You don't need to carry Tom.
You don't need to carry lunch with you.
You don't need to change for me.
You don't need to colonize Palestine to be a Jew.
You don't need to come here anymore.
You don't need to come here, just look here.
You don't need to come in.
You don't need to come into the office tomorrow.
You don't need to come so early.
You don't need to come to Algeria.
You don't need to come to the meeting.
You don't need to come to the office, you can take the day off.
You don't need to come to work Saturday.
You don't need to come to work tomorrow.
You don't need to come tomorrow.
You don't need to come.
You don't need to comfort me.
You don't need to comment on everything.
You don't need to commit right now.
You don't need to contact an electrician to replace a light switch.
You don't need to contact him.
You don't need to convince me.
You don't need to decide right now.
You don't need to disclose all the details.
You don't need to dispossess the Palestinians to be a Jew.
You don't need to do anything else right now.
You don't need to do anything else.
You don't need to do anything that you don't want to.
You don't need to do anything you don't want to.
You don't need to do anything.
You don't need to do anything. I'll take care of it.
You don't need to do it right away.
You don't need to do it.
You don't need to do more work.
You don't need to do sports.
You don't need to do that again.
You don't need to do that anymore, do you?
You don't need to do that anymore.
You don't need to do that at once.
You don't need to do that by yourself, do you?
You don't need to do that by yourself.
You don't need to do that by yourselves.
You don't need to do that every day, do you?
You don't need to do that for me anymore.
You don't need to do that if you don't want to.
You don't need to do that now, do you?
You don't need to do that now.
You don't need to do that right away, do you?
You don't need to do that right away.
You don't need to do that right now, do you?
You don't need to do that right now.
You don't need to do that today.
You don't need to do that until Monday.
You don't need to do that, do you?
You don't need to do that.
You don't need to do this now.
You don't need to do this.
You don't need to dress up.
You don't need to drink this if you don't want to.
You don't need to eat anything that you don't want to.
You don't need to eat anything you don't want to.
You don't need to eat this if you don't want to.
You don't need to explain all of that.
You don't need to explain anything to me.
You don't need to explain anything.
You don't need to explain it to me. I already understand it.
You don't need to explain that to me.
You don't need to explain that.
You don't need to explain.
You don't need to fall all over yourself apologizing for an honest mistake.
You don't need to fear me.
You don't need to feel guilty.
You don't need to feel inspired every day—you just need to show up.
You don't need to feel sorry for Tom.
You don't need to finish it by tomorrow.
You don't need to flatter me, I already know my worth.
You don't need to flatter your boss.
You don't need to fly to catch a bird.
You don't need to follow Tom.
You don't need to follow anyone else's dream.
You don't need to get a haircut this week.
You don't need to get all dressed up. It's an informal event.
You don't need to get excited about it.
You don't need to get here so early.
You don't need to get so overworked over yourself.
You don't need to get up early tomorrow.
You don't need to get up so early tomorrow.
You don't need to get up so early.
You don't need to give an answer if you don't want to.
You don't need to give me a call.
You don't need to give me anything.
You don't need to go at once.
You don't need to go if you don't want to.
You don't need to go in such a hurry.
You don't need to go on a diet.
You don't need to go see it.
You don't need to go there if you don't want to.
You don't need to go there unless you want to.
You don't need to go there.
You don't need to go to Boston next week.
You don't need to go to school today.
You don't need to go to the dentist's.
You don't need to go tomorrow.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
You don't need to go very far.
You don't need to go with Tom.
You don't need to go with me.
You don't need to go.
You don't need to have such a simple conversation in English. You both learned each other's languages in school, didn't you?
You don't need to help Tom.
You don't need to help Tom. He can do it by himself.
You don't need to help me do that.
You don't need to help me do this.
You don't need to help me this afternoon.
You don't need to help me with that.
You don't need to help me with this.
You don't need to help me.
You don't need to help us if you don't want to.
You don't need to hurry.
You don't need to hurry. Take your time.
You don't need to impress me!
You don't need to keep anything.
You don't need to know French to work for us, but it would help.
You don't need to know Japanese to apply for the JET program.
You don't need to know about that.
You don't need to know about them.
You don't need to know all the details.
You don't need to know all the reasons.
You don't need to know anything about my past.
You don't need to know everything about Tom.
You don't need to know everything, you just need to know where to search.
You don't need to know everything.
You don't need to know how Tom and Mary do that.
You don't need to know how Tom does that.
You don't need to know how it works.
You don't need to know how to read Berber to know what this means.
You don't need to know more, Tom.
You don't need to know that.
You don't need to know the details.
You don't need to know this.
You don't need to know where I keep my money.
You don't need to know where I'm going.
You don't need to know who gave this to me.
You don't need to know who told me.
You don't need to know why I did that.
You don't need to know why I didn't do that.
You don't need to know why.
You don't need to know.
You don't need to leave immediately.
You don't need to leave now.
You don't need to leave right now.
You don't need to lie to me.
You don't need to lie.
You don't need to like me, but we must be able to cooperate.
You don't need to like me.
You don't need to look for it anymore.
You don't need to lower the price. People will pay what you're asking.
You don't need to make a big deal about it!
You don't need to make a decision now.
You don't need to make a decision right now.
You don't need to make dinner tonight.
You don't need to make fun of him.
You don't need to make that decision now.
You don't need to memorize a dictionary to have good knowledge of a language.
You don't need to memorize all these words.
You don't need to overcommunicate in detail at work.
You don't need to panic.
You don't need to patronize me.
You don't need to pay anything.
You don't need to pay anything. Today, dinner is on me.
You don't need to pay for your lunch.
You don't need to pay.
You don't need to phone me.
You don't need to plant nor sow imbeciles, they grow on their own.
You don't need to point that out to me.
You don't need to pop round.
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.
You don't need to pretend that you still like me.
You don't need to pretend to be interested.
You don't need to pretend to be tough.
You don't need to pretend you're interested.
You don't need to prove anything to me.
You don't need to provoke me.
You don't need to put a lid on it.
You don't need to put others down to feel better about yourself.
You don't need to put your things away.
You don't need to read it.
You don't need to read the whole article, just the opening paragraph is enough.
You don't need to read this if you don't want to.
You don't need to reinvent the wheel.
You don't need to remind me.
You don't need to repeat it a thousand times.
You don't need to reply right away.
You don't need to ring me.
You don't need to say a thing.
You don't need to say anything more.
You don't need to say anything, I understood everything.
You don't need to say anything.
You don't need to say it in such derogatory terms.
You don't need to sell that if you don't want to.
You don't need to send detailed notes to your boss.
You don't need to send me letters. In any case, I can't read them.
You don't need to send me money anymore.
You don't need to shout, I can hear you just fine.
You don't need to shout.
You don't need to shout. I'm not deaf.
You don't need to sit here and feel sorry for yourself.
You don't need to sound like a native speaker in order to be understood.
You don't need to sound like a native speaker to be understood.
You don't need to speak Berber to know what these words mean.
You don't need to speak so loud.
You don't need to speak so loudly, I can hear you.
You don't need to speak so loudly. I can hear you.
You don't need to speak that loudly.
You don't need to speak to Tom in sign language, because he can read lips really well.
You don't need to stand up.
You don't need to stay here if you don't want to.
You don't need to stay here.
You don't need to stay home today.
You don't need to stay if you don't want to.
You don't need to still be doing that.
You don't need to study French.
You don't need to study today.
You don't need to study.
You don't need to suffer in silence.
You don't need to take a taxi; I'll give you a ride. I'll drive in that direction.
You don't need to take your car to a professional to fix a windshield bullseye.
You don't need to take your shoes off.
You don't need to talk about that.
You don't need to talk so loud.
You don't need to talk to Tom.
You don't need to tell Tom everything.
You don't need to tell Tom how to do it. He already knows.
You don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
You don't need to tell Tom what to do.
You don't need to tell Tom.
You don't need to tell Tom. He already knows.
You don't need to tell him everything.
You don't need to tell me anything if you don't want to.
You don't need to tell me how to do that.
You don't need to tell me if you don't want to.
You don't need to tell me that again.
You don't need to tell me twice!
You don't need to tell me twice.
You don't need to tell me what to do.
You don't need to tell me what to do. I already know.
You don't need to tell me why.
You don't need to tell me your opinion. I already know what it is.
You don't need to tell me your opinion. I know that.
You don't need to tell me your real name.
You don't need to tell me.
You don't need to tell me. I don't have any interest in this matter.
You don't need to tell me. I get it.
You don't need to thank me for that.
You don't need to thank me, Ziri.
You don't need to thank me.
You don't need to thank me. I'm here to serve you.
You don't need to thank me. Thank Tom.
You don't need to thank us.
You don't need to think about that now.
You don't need to think; they do it instead of you.
You don't need to throw your weight around.
You don't need to trust me.
You don't need to turn up your thermostat when it's cold outside.
You don't need to understand everything right now.
You don't need to wait any longer.
You don't need to wait for Tom.
You don't need to wait for an invitation. You're always welcome.
You don't need to wait for me.
You don't need to wait.
You don't need to water it so much.
You don't need to wear anything fancy.
You don't need to work more hours.
You don't need to work on Sundays.
You don't need to work today.
You don't need to work.
You don't need to worry about Tom anymore.
You don't need to worry about Tom.
You don't need to worry about a thing. I'll take care of everything.
You don't need to worry about anything.
You don't need to worry about hurting my feelings.
You don't need to worry about it.
You don't need to worry about me anymore.
You don't need to worry about me.
You don't need to worry about such a thing.
You don't need to worry about that anymore.
You don't need to worry about that happening.
You don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
You don't need to worry about that.
You don't need to worry about us.
You don't need to worry about wiretapping.
You don't need to worry any more.
You don't need to worry anymore.
You don't need to worry so much.
You don't need to worry.
You don't need to wrap it.
You don't need to write more than 400 words.
You don't need to yell. I can hear you just fine.
You don't need to yell; you should just speak clearly.
You don't need us.
You don't need wings to fly.
You don't notice anything?
You don't notice your mistakes.
You don't obey me.
You don't often do that in the morning, do you?
You don't often do that, do you?
You don't often smile.
You don't owe Tom anything.
You don't owe anybody anything.
You don't owe her anything.
You don't owe him anything.
You don't owe me anything.
You don't owe somebody like that anything.
You don't owe someone like that anything.
You don't owe them anything.
You don't owe us anything.
You don't own cats; you host them.
You don't own me.
You don't own that.
You don't particularly want to do that, do you?
You don't pass the Turing test.
You don't pay Tom enough.
You don't pay any attention to me anymore.
You don't pay attention.
You don't pay taxes to get something for that, but to avoid getting arrested.
You don't plan on doing that, do you?
You don't plan on going, do you?
You don't plan on joining the team, do you?
You don't plan on staying in Australia very long, do you?
You don't plan on staying in Boston very long, do you?
You don't plan on taking pictures, do you?
You don't plan to do that, do you?
You don't plan to go, do you?
You don't plan to join the team, do you?
You don't plan to stay in Australia very long, do you?
You don't plan to stay in Boston very long, do you?
You don't plan to take pictures, do you?
You don't play fair.
You don't play golf, do you?
You don't play with them.
You don't practice what you preach.
You don't pull any punches, do you?
You don't pull any punches.
You don't put sugar in your coffee.
You don't quit, do you?
You don't read books in English.
You don't realise how lucky you are.
You don't realize how I truly feel.
You don't realize how hard I've worked for this.
You don't realize how hard I've worked on this.
You don't realize how important health is until you get sick.
You don't realize how important this is.
You don't realize how lucky you are.
You don't realize how much I miss you.
You don't realize its value until you have lost your health.
You don't realize what I'm facing.
You don't realize what you're doing.
You don't realize what you've gotten yourself into.
You don't really believe Tom did that on purpose, do you?
You don't really believe all those stories, do you?
You don't really believe that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
You don't really believe that nonsense, do you?
You don't really believe that, do you?
You don't really belong in this area.
You don't really care about me.
You don't really care how I do that, do you?
You don't really care how Tom and Mary do that, do you?
You don't really care how Tom does that, do you?
You don't really care what I do, do you?
You don't really care what I think, do you?
You don't really care what Tom and Mary want, do you?
You don't really care what Tom wants, do you?
You don't really care whether Tom and Mary like you or not, do you?
You don't really care whether Tom likes you or not, do you?
You don't really care, do you?
You don't really do that, do you?
You don't really enjoy doing that, do you?
You don't really enjoy hanging out with Tom, do you?
You don't really expect Tom to be at your party, do you?
You don't really expect Tom to do that, do you?
You don't really expect me to believe that, do you?
You don't really expect me to tell you, do you?
You don't really expect that to happen, do you?
You don't really expect to win, do you?
You don't really feel like doing that, do you?
You don't really have to be brave. You just have to act like you are.
You don't really have to do that now, do you?
You don't really have to do that today, do you?
You don't really have to do that, do you?
You don't really know Tom, do you?
You don't really know me, Tom.
You don't really know me.
You don't really know much about Australia, do you?
You don't really know much about Boston, do you?
You don't really know, do you?
You don't really like Korean food, do you?
You don't really like Tom, do you?
You don't really like doing that, do you?
You don't really like feeling old.
You don't really live here, do you?
You don't really love me.
You don't really mean it, do you?
You don't really mean that, do you?
You don't really mean that.
You don't really need me here, do you?
You don't really need that.
You don't really need to be doing this anymore.
You don't really need to be here.
You don't really need to do that now.
You don't really need to do that today, do you?
You don't really need to do that today.
You don't really need to do that, do you?
You don't really need to do that.
You don't really need to lose weight, do you?
You don't really need to worry.
You don't really plan on doing that, do you?
You don't really plan on going, do you?
You don't really plan on joining the team, do you?
You don't really plan on staying here all week, do you?
You don't really plan on taking pictures, do you?
You don't really plan to buy that, do you?
You don't really plan to do that, do you?
You don't really plan to go outside on a cold day like today, do you?
You don't really plan to go, do you?
You don't really plan to join the team, do you?
You don't really plan to stay here all week, do you?
You don't really plan to stay up all night, do you?
You don't really plan to take pictures, do you?
You don't really speak French, do you?
You don't really still want to do that, do you?
You don't really think I can do that, do you?
You don't really think I did that, do you?
You don't really think I had to do that, do you?
You don't really think I have to do that, do you?
You don't really think I need to do that, do you?
You don't really think I needed to do that, do you?
You don't really think I want to do that, do you?
You don't really think I wanted to do that, do you?
You don't really think I'd do that, do you?
You don't really think Mary would hurt herself, do you?
You don't really think Mary would kill herself, do you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary would hurt themselves, do you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary would kill themselves, do you?
You don't really think Tom can do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom could do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom did that, do you?
You don't really think Tom didn't do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom does that, do you?
You don't really think Tom needs to do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom tried to cheat you, do you?
You don't really think Tom wants to do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom would do that, do you?
You don't really think Tom would hurt himself, do you?
You don't really think Tom would kill himself, do you?
You don't really think so, do you?
You don't really think that I did that, do you?
You don't really think that I'd do that, do you?
You don't really think that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
You don't really think that Tom should do that, do you?
You don't really think we can do that, do you?
You don't really think you can do that, do you?
You don't really trust Tom, do you?
You don't really trust us, do you?
You don't really understand French, do you?
You don't really understand Tom, do you?
You don't really understand how I feel, do you?
You don't really understand how I feel.
You don't really understand me, do you?
You don't really understand, do you?
You don't really want Tom to do that, do you?
You don't really want me to go there alone, do you?
You don't really want me to kiss you, do you?
You don't really want that, do you?
You don't really want this job, do you?
You don't really want to do that now, do you?
You don't really want to do that with Tom, do you?
You don't really want to do that with me, do you?
You don't really want to do that with us, do you?
You don't really want to do that, do you?
You don't really want to do this, do you?
You don't really want to do this.
You don't really want to eat with us, do you?
You don't really want to go swimming with us, do you?
You don't really want to go to Australia, do you?
You don't really want to go to Boston with Tom, do you?
You don't really want to go to Boston, do you?
You don't really want to go with us, do you?
You don't really want to go, do you?
You don't really want to learn logograms, do you?
You don't really want to live in Australia, do you?
You don't really want to live in Boston, do you?
You don't really want to live there, do you?
You don't really want to remain here, do you?
You don't really want to talk about this, do you?
You don't recognize me, do you?
You don't recommend doing that, do you?
You don't regret doing that, do you?
You don't remember Tom, do you?
You don't remember anything?
You don't remember doing that, do you?
You don't remember having said that.
You don't remember me, do you?
You don't remember me?
You don't remember saying that.
You don't remember well.
You don't remember, I'll never forget.
You don't remember, do you?
You don't remember?
You don't represent us.
You don't respect yourself.
You don't respect yourselves.
You don't run as fast as Tom.
You don't run fast enough.
You don't run here.
You don't run into Ladas too often in France.
You don't say much, do you?
You don't say that.
You don't say!
You don't say.
You don't scare easy, do you?
You don't scare me anymore.
You don't scare me.
You don't scare us.
You don't scrub the floor often enough!
You don't see anything.
You don't see how much I love Mary, do you?
You don't see many dial phones around anymore.
You don't see many people in this park this time of year.
You don't see something like this very often.
You don't see that every day.
You don't see things from a woman's angle.
You don't see this kind of vegetable vending machine in the city.
You don't see very well, do you?
You don't see well.
You don't see what I'm going through.
You don't see what we're doing?
You don't seem afraid at all.
You don't seem all that busy.
You don't seem all that old to me.
You don't seem amused by what's going on.
You don't seem any busier than usual.
You don't seem as picky as Tom.
You don't seem bothered by that.
You don't seem busy.
You don't seem convinced that I have to do that.
You don't seem convinced that I need to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom and Mary have to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom and Mary need to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom has to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom needs to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom wants to do that.
You don't seem convinced that you have to do that.
You don't seem convinced that you need to do that.
You don't seem convinced that you should do that.
You don't seem convinced you should do that.
You don't seem convinced.
You don't seem eager to do that.
You don't seem happy.
You don't seem hungry.
You don't seem impressed.
You don't seem interested in doing that.
You don't seem interested in making friends.
You don't seem interested in what I'm saying.
You don't seem interested.
You don't seem like someone who cares too much about what others think.
You don't seem like you know what you're doing.
You don't seem like you're having fun.
You don't seem like you're having much fun.
You don't seem like you're much happier now.
You don't seem much happier.
You don't seem particularly interested in doing that.
You don't seem particularly interested in learning French.
You don't seem particularly interested in sport.
You don't seem particularly interested in sports.
You don't seem particularly pleased.
You don't seem particularly worried.
You don't seem relieved.
You don't seem scared.
You don't seem so busy.
You don't seem so hungry.
You don't seem so motivated.
You don't seem so old to me.
You don't seem so smart.
You don't seem so strong.
You don't seem surprised to see me.
You don't seem surprised.
You don't seem that motivated.
You don't seem that old to me.
You don't seem tired at all.
You don't seem tired.
You don't seem to agree with Tom at all.
You don't seem to agree.
You don't seem to appreciate what Tom has done for you.
You don't seem to appreciate what we've done for you.
You don't seem to be able to do that very well.
You don't seem to be afraid anymore.
You don't seem to be afraid to do that.
You don't seem to be afraid.
You don't seem to be amused by what's going on.
You don't seem to be as active as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as adventurous as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as afraid as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as ambitious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as ambitious as Tom.
You don't seem to be as amused by what's going on as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as angry as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as annoyed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as anxious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as artistic as Tom.
You don't seem to be as assertive as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as attentive in class as the other students.
You don't seem to be as awkward as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as bored as I am.
You don't seem to be as bored as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as bored as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as brave as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as busy as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as busy as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as busy as you usually are.
You don't seem to be as calm as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as careless as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as charismatic as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as claustrophobic as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as claustrophobic as Tom.
You don't seem to be as committed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as competitive as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as competitive as Tom.
You don't seem to be as concerned as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as confident as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as confused as I am.
You don't seem to be as confused as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as conscientious as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as conscientious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as conscientious as Tom.
You don't seem to be as conservative as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as conservative as Tom.
You don't seem to be as crazy as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as crazy as Tom.
You don't seem to be as creative as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as creative as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as creative as Tom.
You don't seem to be as curious as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as curious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as cynical as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as cynical as Tom.
You don't seem to be as depressed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as desperate as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as desperate to do that as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as determined as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as determined to do that as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as disappointed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as disorganized as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as drunk as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as embarrassed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as enthusiastic as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as excited as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as excited as Tom.
You don't seem to be as exhausted as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as forgetful as you used to be.
You don't seem to be as frantic as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as gullible as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as happy as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as happy as Tom.
You don't seem to be as homesick as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as impatient as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as impressed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as interested as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as interested in doing that as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as irritated as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as lazy as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as lucky as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as mad as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as miserable as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as motivated as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as motivated as Tom.
You don't seem to be as motivated to do that as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as needy as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as nervous as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as nervous as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as optimistic as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as organized as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as particular as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as passionate about that as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as patient as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as patient as Tom.
You don't seem to be as pessimistic as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as picky as Tom.
You don't seem to be as relaxed as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as resourceful as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as resourceful as Tom.
You don't seem to be as sad as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as scared as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as self-conscious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as serious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as shy as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as sleepy as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as stubborn as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as successful as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as successful as Tom.
You don't seem to be as suspicious as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as talented as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as talented as Tom.
You don't seem to be as tempted to do that as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as tense as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as tired as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as unlucky as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as upset as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be as worried as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be aware of all the problems Tom is causing.
You don't seem to be aware of the problem.
You don't seem to be aware of the problems.
You don't seem to be aware of what Tom did.
You don't seem to be aware of what Tom has done.
You don't seem to be aware of what Tom is doing.
You don't seem to be aware of what we have to do.
You don't seem to be aware of what we need to do.
You don't seem to be aware of what's going on.
You don't seem to be aware of what's happening.
You don't seem to be aware that Tom did that.
You don't seem to be aware that Tom didn't do that.
You don't seem to be busy today.
You don't seem to be busy.
You don't seem to be comfortable. Are you ill?
You don't seem to be concentrating.
You don't seem to be concerned.
You don't seem to be curious.
You don't seem to be doing what I asked you to do.
You don't seem to be doing what Tom asked you to do.
You don't seem to be doing what we asked you to do.
You don't seem to be doing what you're supposed to be doing.
You don't seem to be drunk.
You don't seem to be eager to do that.
You don't seem to be enjoying the party.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourself very much.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourself.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourselves very much.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourselves.
You don't seem to be even trying.
You don't seem to be from around here.
You don't seem to be happy with our decision.
You don't seem to be happy.
You don't seem to be having a good day.
You don't seem to be having a good time.
You don't seem to be having any fun.
You don't seem to be having any problem.
You don't seem to be having any problems.
You don't seem to be having as much fun as Tom seems to be having.
You don't seem to be having as much fun as Tom.
You don't seem to be having fun.
You don't seem to be having much fun.
You don't seem to be having such a good time.
You don't seem to be having very much fun.
You don't seem to be hungry.
You don't seem to be in a good mood today.
You don't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
You don't seem to be in a hurry.
You don't seem to be in a rush.
You don't seem to be in as much of a hurry as you usually are.
You don't seem to be interested in doing anything.
You don't seem to be interested in going anywhere.
You don't seem to be interested in making friends.
You don't seem to be interested in politics.
You don't seem to be interested in sports.
You don't seem to be making much progress.
You don't seem to be nervous.
You don't seem to be paying attention.
You don't seem to be relaxed.
You don't seem to be satisfed.
You don't seem to be that motivated.
You don't seem to be too worried.
You don't seem to be trying very hard.
You don't seem to be used to doing that.
You don't seem to be very busy today.
You don't seem to be very busy.
You don't seem to be very concerned.
You don't seem to be very friendly.
You don't seem to be very happy here.
You don't seem to be very happy.
You don't seem to be very hungry.
You don't seem to be very interested in doing that.
You don't seem to be very interested.
You don't seem to be very relaxed.
You don't seem to be very sleepy.
You don't seem to be very sympathetic.
You don't seem to be very tired.
You don't seem to be very worried about that.
You don't seem to be very worried.
You don't seem to be wealthy.
You don't seem to be willing to change.
You don't seem to be willing to compromise.
You don't seem to be willing to cooperate.
You don't seem to be willing to do that again.
You don't seem to be willing to do that anymore.
You don't seem to be willing to do that.
You don't seem to be yourself these days.
You don't seem to believe Tom.
You don't seem to care about anything.
You don't seem to care about that.
You don't seem to care anymore.
You don't seem to care for anyone.
You don't seem to care what happens.
You don't seem to care.
You don't seem to do that anymore.
You don't seem to enjoy being here.
You don't seem to enjoy doing that.
You don't seem to enjoy doing that?
You don't seem to enjoy jogging.
You don't seem to enjoy the company of others.
You don't seem to get along with anyone.
You don't seem to get it, Tom.
You don't seem to get it.
You don't seem to have a lot of friends.
You don't seem to have any problem communicating in French.
You don't seem to have any problem.
You don't seem to have read the contract very carefully.
You don't seem to have the confidence to do that by yourself.
You don't seem to have the energy to do that again.
You don't seem to have the guts to do that anymore.
You don't seem to have very many friends.
You don't seem to know Fadil.
You don't seem to know Tom.
You don't seem to know how to do that.
You don't seem to know much about Boston.
You don't seem to know much about Tom.
You don't seem to know the answer.
You don't seem to know very much about Australia.
You don't seem to know very much about Boston.
You don't seem to know very much about Tom.
You don't seem to know very much.
You don't seem to know what to do.
You don't seem to know what you're doing.
You don't seem to know what you're talking about.
You don't seem to know what's going on.
You don't seem to know what's going to happen.
You don't seem to know who we are.
You don't seem to like Tom very much.
You don't seem to like Tom.
You don't seem to like anybody here.
You don't seem to like anyone here.
You don't seem to like anything I cook for you.
You don't seem to like anything.
You don't seem to like doing that very much.
You don't seem to like doing that.
You don't seem to like doing this very much.
You don't seem to like her.
You don't seem to like him.
You don't seem to like it here in Boston.
You don't seem to like it here.
You don't seem to like it.
You don't seem to like me anymore.
You don't seem to like me very much.
You don't seem to like me.
You don't seem to like spinach.
You don't seem to like this very much.
You don't seem to like to do that very much.
You don't seem to like to do that.
You don't seem to like yourself very much.
You don't seem to love me anymore.
You don't seem to mind that Tom is doing that.
You don't seem to realize how serious this is!
You don't seem to realize how serious this is.
You don't seem to smile anymore.
You don't seem to smile much anymore.
You don't seem to trust anybody.
You don't seem to trust anyone.
You don't seem to trust me.
You don't seem to understand French very well.
You don't seem to understand anything.
You don't seem to understand how difficult it is for young people today to believe in something.
You don't seem to understand their good intentions.
You don't seem to understand what's going on here.
You don't seem to understand what's going on.
You don't seem to understand what's happened.
You don't seem to understand what's happening.
You don't seem to understand why I need to do that.
You don't seem to understand why I'm reluctant to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary need to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom is supposed to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom needs to do that.
You don't seem to understand why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
You don't seem to understand why you're supposed to do that.
You don't seem to understand.
You don't seem to want me here.
You don't seem to want me to say yes.
You don't seem to want our help.
You don't seem to want to be here.
You don't seem to want to come with us.
You don't seem to want to do that.
You don't seem to want to win.
You don't seem to want us here.
You don't seem too busy.
You don't seem too certain.
You don't seem too concerned.
You don't seem too convinced about it.
You don't seem too convinced.
You don't seem too enthusiastic.
You don't seem too good at this yourself.
You don't seem too happy to see me.
You don't seem too happy to see us.
You don't seem too happy.
You don't seem too satisfied.
You don't seem too sure.
You don't seem too surprised.
You don't seem too worried.
You don't seem upset.
You don't seem very busy today.
You don't seem very busy.
You don't seem very cheerful.
You don't seem very concerned.
You don't seem very confident.
You don't seem very enthusiastic.
You don't seem very excited.
You don't seem very focused.
You don't seem very happy here.
You don't seem very happy to see me.
You don't seem very happy today.
You don't seem very happy.
You don't seem very hungry.
You don't seem very impressed.
You don't seem very interested.
You don't seem very pleased.
You don't seem very satisfied.
You don't seem very sleepy.
You don't seem very smart to me, either.
You don't seem very smart.
You don't seem very strong.
You don't seem very sure.
You don't seem very surprised.
You don't seem very tired.
You don't seem very worried about what might happen.
You don't seem wealthy.
You don't seem willing to do that.
You don't seriously expect to us to do that for you, do you?
You don't seriously think that you can do that, do you?
You don't seriously think that you did that all on your own, do you?
You don't share anything with me.
You don't shave yet, do you?
You don't show much these days.
You don't sing particularly well.
You don't sing very well.
You don't sing well.
You don't ski very well, do you?
You don't ski.
You don't sleep much, do you?
You don't smell good at all.
You don't smile much.
You don't smile very often, do you?
You don't smile very often.
You don't smoke, do you?
You don't smoke.
You don't snore, do you?
You don't sound confident.
You don't sound convinced.
You don't sound entirely convinced.
You don't sound happy.
You don't sound like Tom.
You don't sound like her.
You don't sound like him.
You don't sound like you're from around here.
You don't sound like you're having much fun.
You don't sound scared.
You don't sound so sure of it.
You don't sound so sure of yourself.
You don't sound so sure of yourselves.
You don't sound so sure.
You don't sound surprised.
You don't sound too happy.
You don't sound too sure.
You don't sound too worried.
You don't sound very confident.
You don't sound very enthusiastic.
You don't sound very excited.
You don't sound very optimistic.
You don't sound very surprised.
You don't speak Berber, do you?
You don't speak Czech, either? Then how are we going to order beer?
You don't speak English in your home.
You don't speak English, do you?
You don't speak English.
You don't speak English?
You don't speak French by any chance, do you?
You don't speak French very well, do you?
You don't speak French, Tom. That's complete nonsense.
You don't speak French, do you?
You don't speak French.
You don't speak Portuguese, do you?
You don't speak Portuguese, right?
You don't speak Romanian, shall we?
You don't speak Spanish, right?
You don't speak Vabungula, do you?
You don't speak Vietnamese by any chance, do you?
You don't speak a lot.
You don't speak much anymore.
You don't speak to anyone about anything.
You don't speak to me about anything. How can I know what's going on inside your head?
You don't speak to us about anything.
You don't speak.
You don't spend enough time with your children.
You don't spend enough time with your parents.
You don't stand a chance against her.
You don't stand a chance against him.
You don't stand a chance against me!
You don't stand a chance.
You don't stand a snowball's chance in hell.
You don't starve the dogs.
You don't still do that, do you?
You don't still hang out there, do you?
You don't still have to do that, do you?
You don't still love Tom, do you?
You don't still need to do that, do you?
You don't still want to do that, do you?
You don't study physics.
You don't suppose he was anxious about death, do you?
You don't sweep the floor often enough!
You don't swim at night, do you?
You don't swim very well, do you?
You don't take antibiotics.
You don't take anything with you when you die.
You don't take anything, you don't bring anything back.
You don't take away, you don't bring back.
You don't take sugar?
You don't talk a lot, do you?
You don't talk a lot.
You don't talk much, do you?
You don't talk to me that way.
You don't talk very much, do you?
You don't tell me anything anymore.
You don't think I bought all that, do you?
You don't think I can do it, do you?
You don't think I can do that, do you?
You don't think I can do this, do you?
You don't think I can swim, do you?
You don't think I could do that, do you?
You don't think I did it, do you?
You don't think I did that, do you?
You don't think I have anything better to do in life?
You don't think I need to do that today, do you?
You don't think I need to do that, do you?
You don't think I really need to do that, do you?
You don't think I scared Tom, do you?
You don't think I should do that, do you?
You don't think I should have done that, do you?
You don't think I should've done that, do you?
You don't think I want to do that right now, do you?
You don't think I'd really do that, do you?
You don't think I'll be able to do that by myself, do you?
You don't think I'll be able to do that, do you?
You don't think I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that, do you?
You don't think I'll be allowed to do that, do you?
You don't think I'll be the last one to do that, do you?
You don't think I'll do that, do you?
You don't think I'm going to do that again, do you?
You don't think I'm going to do that anymore, do you?
You don't think I'm going to do that, do you?
You don't think I'm good enough for her?
You don't think I'm good enough for him?
You don't think I'm interested in doing that, do you?
You don't think I'm right, do you?
You don't think Tom and Mary are going do that, do you?
You don't think Tom and Mary are here, do you?
You don't think Tom and Mary have to do that today, do you?
You don't think Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom and Mary want to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom can do that, do you?
You don't think Tom can swim, do you?
You don't think Tom can win, do you?
You don't think Tom could do that, do you?
You don't think Tom did it, do you?
You don't think Tom did that on purpose, do you?
You don't think Tom did that right, do you?
You don't think Tom did that, do you?
You don't think Tom has to do that today, do you?
You don't think Tom is a crook, do you?
You don't think Tom is going do that, do you?
You don't think Tom is here, do you?
You don't think Tom meant to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom might still be here, do you?
You don't think Tom needs to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom ought to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom really could do that, do you?
You don't think Tom really could have done that, do you?
You don't think Tom really could've done that, do you?
You don't think Tom really did that, do you?
You don't think Tom should do that, do you?
You don't think Tom suspects anything, do you?
You don't think Tom wants to do that right now, do you?
You don't think Tom wants to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom will call again, do you?
You don't think Tom will do that, do you?
You don't think Tom will likely do that, do you?
You don't think Tom will really do that, do you?
You don't think Tom will win, do you?
You don't think Tom would do that, do you?
You don't think about anything.
You don't think about your future.
You don't think he has many faults?
You don't think he's cute?
You don't think it was a suicide, do you?
You don't think it's worth it, do you?
You don't think much of Tom, do you?
You don't think she's cute?
You don't think so.
You don't think that I can do it, do you?
You don't think that I can do this, do you?
You don't think that I can?
You don't think that I did it, do you?
You don't think that I did that on purpose, do you?
You don't think that I did that, do you?
You don't think that I scared Tom, do you?
You don't think that I should do that, do you?
You don't think that I'd betray my friends, do you?
You don't think that Tom did that, do you?
You don't think that Tom is a crook, do you?
You don't think that Tom really could've done that, do you?
You don't think that Tom should do that, do you?
You don't think that Tom suspects anything, do you?
You don't think that that is weird at all?
You don't think that we should do that, do you?
You don't think that's going to happen, do you?
You don't think that's him, do you?
You don't think there are too many?
You don't think this is crazy, do you?
You don't think this is the right way, do you?
You don't think we can do that, do you?
You don't think we could do that, do you?
You don't think we did that right, do you?
You don't think we need to do that, do you?
You don't think we should do that, do you?
You don't think we'll do that, do you?
You don't think you can do that, do you?
You don't think you can win, do you?
You don't trust anyone.
You don't trust me anymore, do you?
You don't trust me, do you?
You don't trust me.
You don't trust us, do you?
You don't understand British humour.
You don't understand English at all.
You don't understand Tom.
You don't understand a fucking thing!
You don't understand anything about it.
You don't understand anything at all.
You don't understand anything, do you?
You don't understand anything.
You don't understand at all.
You don't understand business.
You don't understand him at all.
You don't understand how I worried was about you.
You don't understand how fortunate the country you live in is.
You don't understand how science works.
You don't understand how serious things are.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
You don't understand it, do you?
You don't understand me, Tom.
You don't understand me, do you?
You don't understand me.
You don't understand my perfect Italian.
You don't understand that either, do you?
You don't understand that.
You don't understand the problem.
You don't understand the procedure.
You don't understand the women, Tom.
You don't understand these things.
You don't understand what I mean.
You don't understand what Mary is trying to say.
You don't understand what Mary's trying to say.
You don't understand what's going on, do you?
You don't understand what's happening.
You don't understand what's really happening here.
You don't understand women, Tom.
You don't understand!
You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.
You don't understand, Tom.
You don't understand, do you?
You don't understand.
You don't understand. He'll kill you.
You don't understand. I am deaf.
You don't understand. Yanni is an autist.
You don't understand; it's different.
You don't use it, do you?
You don't usually do that by yourself, do you?
You don't usually do that, do you?
You don't usually lie.
You don't usually lie. Why are you lying now?
You don't value me.
You don't very often put sugar in your coffee.
You don't walk to school, do you?
You don't walk to school.
You don't want Tom doing that, do you?
You don't want Tom to do that anymore, do you?
You don't want Tom to do that for me, do you?
You don't want Tom to do that right now, do you?
You don't want Tom to do that, do you?
You don't want Tom to go, do you?
You don't want Tom to help me, do you?
You don't want Tom to stop doing that, do you?
You don't want Tom to think you're crazy, do you?
You don't want Tom to think you're insane.
You don't want Tom to think you're poor.
You don't want Tom to think you're stupid, do you?
You don't want Tom to think you're stupid.
You don't want Tom to win, do you?
You don't want any part of that.
You don't want anything to do with us.
You don't want everyone to know, do you, Tom?
You don't want it to get infected.
You don't want me coming after you.
You don't want me here, do you?
You don't want me to be late for school, do you?
You don't want me to do that, do you?
You don't want me to do that.
You don't want me to go, do you?
You don't want me to leave, do you?
You don't want me to miss my bus, do you?
You don't want me to sing, do you?
You don't want much, do you?
You don't want my money?
You don't want that, do you?
You don't want that.
You don't want the tooth fairy to find any cavities, right?
You don't want this for Tom, do you?
You don't want this, do you?
You don't want this.
You don't want this?
You don't want to ask Tom that question.
You don't want to be alone, do you?
You don't want to be an editor?
You don't want to be around Tom when he's angry.
You don't want to be around a drama queen.
You don't want to be happy.
You don't want to be in Australia right now.
You don't want to be in Boston right now.
You don't want to be late for practice.
You don't want to be late.
You don't want to be lazy.
You don't want to be on Santa Claus' naughty list.
You don't want to believe Tom.
You don't want to bring trouble upon yourself.
You don't want to bring trouble upon yourselves.
You don't want to burn yourself.
You don't want to come?
You don't want to convey the impression that there's anything illegal going on.
You don't want to convey the impression that we're not interested.
You don't want to disorient the user.
You don't want to do anything rash.
You don't want to do anything to remind them that you're not really old enough to be here.
You don't want to do anything to void the guarantee.
You don't want to do that again, do you?
You don't want to do that anymore, do you?
You don't want to do that either, do you?
You don't want to do that now, do you?
You don't want to do that right now, do you?
You don't want to do that today, do you?
You don't want to do that tonight, do you?
You don't want to do that with Tom, do you?
You don't want to do that with me, do you?
You don't want to do that with us, do you?
You don't want to do that, do you?
You don't want to do that.
You don't want to do this.
You don't want to eat with us, do you?
You don't want to forget who your friends are.
You don't want to get in trouble.
You don't want to get involved in that.
You don't want to get lost, so take your mother's hand.
You don't want to get married either, right?
You don't want to get me in trouble, do you?
You don't want to get wet and catch a cold, so take this umbrella with you.
You don't want to go down this road.
You don't want to go in there, Tom.
You don't want to go there.
You don't want to go through so much trouble for me, do you?
You don't want to go to Australia, do you?
You don't want to go to Boston, do you?
You don't want to go to Ukraine.
You don't want to go to prison, do you?
You don't want to go up there.
You don't want to go with Tom, do you?
You don't want to go, do you?
You don't want to grow up.
You don't want to hang out with people like Tom.
You don't want to hang out with people like him.
You don't want to have to do that again, do you?
You don't want to help mom?
You don't want to hit the traffic.
You don't want to keep her waiting.
You don't want to keep him waiting.
You don't want to know it!
You don't want to know my opinion.
You don't want to know the things I've been through.
You don't want to know what I know.
You don't want to know what I think about Tom.
You don't want to know what I think.
You don't want to know what happened to her.
You don't want to know what happened to him.
You don't want to know what happened to them.
You don't want to know what's actually going on in my mind.
You don't want to know why I'm here, do you?
You don't want to know why Tom did that, do you?
You don't want to know!
You don't want to know.
You don't want to let on how rich you really are.
You don't want to let on how smart you really are.
You don't want to listen to me at all.
You don't want to live in Classical times. Odds are you would not have been in the same social class as the people you worship from that time.
You don't want to lose that.
You don't want to make Tom mad, do you?
You don't want to make me angry.
You don't want to make me unhappy, do you?
You don't want to mess with me today, Tom.
You don't want to miss the meeting.
You don't want to miss this opportunity of a lifetime.
You don't want to pay more than you have to, right?
You don't want to pay.
You don't want to point that gun at me.
You don't want to push yourself too hard.
You don't want to say no to Tom.
You don't want to see me anymore, do you?
You don't want to see this, do you?
You don't want to seem desperate.
You don't want to shoot your friend, do you?
You don't want to sleep.
You don't want to sleep?
You don't want to speak with me.
You don't want to spend the rest of your life in prison, do you?
You don't want to stick your hand in a garbage disposal.
You don't want to switch places with me?
You don't want to talk about it at all, do you?
You don't want to talk to just anybody.
You don't want to talk to me, do you?
You don't want to tell me why, do you?
You don't want to think about Tom, do you?
You don't want to try doing that again, do you?
You don't want to try to do that again, do you?
You don't want to understand me.
You don't want to wait such a long time.
You don't want us to do that anymore, do you?
You don't want us to do that now, do you?
You don't want us to do that today, do you?
You don't want us to do that, do you?
You don't waste any time, do you?
You don't waste any time.
You don't waste time.
You don't watch TV.
You don't weigh more than me.
You don't win very often, do you?
You don't wish to get yourself into a mess.
You don't wish to get yourselves into a mess.
You don't work as many hours as I do.
You don't work as much as I do.
You don't work for a billion dollars.
You don't work for free.
You don't work for me.
You don't work hard enough.
You don't work here.
You don't work in an office.
You don't work less than me.
You don't worry.
You don't, by any chance, know where I can find a hammer, do you?
You don't... you don't talk to me like that.
You don’t choose the times, you live and die in them.
You don’t do a useful snitch of work.
You don’t even know the quality of this product, that’s why I charge all that!
You don’t even try to help me.
You don’t exert yourself much.
You don’t fall in love with somebody because he’s perfect.
You don’t find it funny that the king of caricatures made such a big fuss over his own caricature?
You don’t get eggplants from a gourd vine.
You don’t get things done correctly.
You don’t get up as early as your older sister, do you?
You don’t get up as early as your sister.
You don’t give up too easily, do you?
You don’t go to school on Sunday, do you?
You don’t have a fever.
You don’t have a temperature.
You don’t have an alibi for the day of the murder.
You don’t have any money.
You don’t have any plants or animals, right?
You don’t have proper dignity as chief of the section.
You don’t have the guts!
You don’t have to answer quickly.
You don’t have to answer these questions.
You don’t have to answer this question.
You don’t have to be a genius to know who said that.
You don’t have to be discouraged because you are not a genius.
You don’t have to be lonely.
You don’t have to be on time.
You don’t have to be perfect all the time.
You don’t have to be so formal.
You don’t have to be so nervous.
You don’t have to be very old to remember that event.
You don’t have to beat your way.
You don’t have to buy water, do you?
You don’t have to cancel your vacation.
You don’t have to carry your baggage.
You don’t have to chat with them.
You don’t have to come here every day.
You don’t have to come tomorrow.
You don’t have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech.
You don’t have to cover your mistake.
You don’t have to cry out. I can hear you.
You don’t have to do it so awkwardly.
You don’t have to do what Tom says.
You don’t have to dress in a mad rush; we’ve got time.
You don’t have to dress up.
You don’t have to eat it if you don’t want to.
You don’t have to eat it.
You don’t have to eat.
You don’t have to get up early.
You don’t have to get up so early.
You don’t have to give yourself such airs.
You don’t have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
You don’t have to go there if you don’t want to.
You don’t have to go there.
You don’t have to go to school on Sunday.
You don’t have to go to the party if you don’t want to.
You don’t have to go to the party unless you want to.
You don’t have to go to the trouble of getting an umbrella.
You don’t have to go unless you want to.
You don’t have to help me.
You don’t have to hide your feelings.
You don’t have to hurry.
You don’t have to kick yourself.
You don’t have to leave me hanging like this. Why don’t you just come out and tell it to me straight?
You don’t have to listen to what he says.
You don’t have to make a different dish for every person.
You don’t have to make an apology.
You don’t have to obey such a law.
You don’t have to pay attention to what he says.
You don’t have to pay for an apartment in advance.
You don’t have to pay for it, that’s for free.
You don’t have to pay in cash.
You don’t have to play outside in the biting wind.
You don’t have to pretend to be my wife anymore.
You don’t have to reinvent the wheel; it already exists.
You don’t have to shout. I can hear you.
You don’t have to sound like a native speaker in order to communicate.
You don’t have to speak so loudly. I can hear you very clearly.
You don’t have to stand on ceremony with me.
You don’t have to stand over me.
You don’t have to stay home.
You don’t have to stay in the hospital.
You don’t have to stay to the end.
You don’t have to stop reading just because I’m here.
You don’t have to study all day. You should go out and have some fun.
You don’t have to study.
You don’t have to take an examination.
You don’t have to talk so loud.
You don’t have to tell it to me if you don’t want to.
You don’t have to tell me that, fool.
You don’t have to tell that to your parents.
You don’t have to tell the truth all the time.
You don’t have to think you aren’t going to make it just because others have failed.
You don’t have to trouble yourselves.
You don’t have to understand the world, you just have to find your way around.
You don’t have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
You don’t have to use such a harsh tone with me.
You don’t have to wait till the end.
You don’t have to wait until the end.
You don’t have to wince like that. I’ll fix it so it doesn’t hurt.
You don’t have to work on Sundays.
You don’t have to work so hard if you’re tired.
You don’t have to work so hard.
You don’t have to work today.
You don’t have to worry about a thing like that.
You don’t have to worry about funds.
You don’t have to worry about her anymore.
You don’t have to worry about her.
You don’t have to wrap it up.
You don’t have to write out a clean copy of your composition.
You don’t just have 700 dollars lying around.
You don’t know German, do you?
You don’t know exactly where you were born.
You don’t know how much I love you.
You don’t know how to do it, do you?
You don’t know how to screw in a lightbulb?
You don’t know how worried I am.
You don’t know what it is to be poor.
You don’t know what it is you’ve got until it’s gone.
You don’t know what it is, do you?
You don’t know what to do next, do you?
You don’t know when Tom will come, do you?
You don’t know when you’re alive.
You don’t know who I am.
You don’t know why Tom didn’t come yesterday, do you?
You don’t like Chinese cooking?
You don’t like cats and that is untrue.
You don’t like chocolate, do you?
You don’t like gambling, do you?
You don’t like love stories, do you?
You don’t like love stories.
You don’t like me.
You don’t like music.
You don’t like pop songs, do you?
You don’t like sashimi, do you?
You don’t like the town, do you?
You don’t like the town?
You don’t live in a country; you live in a language. Your homeland, that’s that and nothing else.
You don’t look so hot.
You don’t look very well. You had better not go to work today.
You don’t love me, do you Thomas?
You don’t love me, do you, Mary?
You don’t marry someone you can live with â€” you marry the person whom you cannot live without.
You don’t necessarily have to go there.
You don’t necessarily have to go to the airport to reconfirm your plane reservation.
You don’t necessarily have to go.
You don’t need millions to be happy.
You don’t need to answer that letter.
You don’t need to bring up "A Winter Sonata" to show that South Korean culture is having an unexpected boom in Japan.
You don’t need to call me.
You don’t need to carry lunch with you.
You don’t need to do that right away.
You don’t need to flatter your boss.
You don’t need to go at once.
You don’t need to go in such a hurry.
You don’t need to go there if you don’t want to.
You don’t need to go to the dentist’s.
You don’t need to go unless you want to.
You don’t need to go, do you?
You don’t need to go.
You don’t need to hurry.
You don’t need to leave right now.
You don’t need to make a decision now.
You don’t need to pay for your lunch.
You don’t need to prepare a formal speech.
You don’t need to rub salt in the wound.
You don’t need to sound like a native speaker in order to be understood.
You don’t need to sound like a native speaker to be understood.
You don’t need to speak so loud.
You don’t need to study today.
You don’t need to take your shoes off.
You don’t need to worry about it.
You don’t need to worry about such a thing.
You don’t play golf, do you?
You don’t practice what you preach.
You don’t realize how lucky you are.
You don’t realize its value until you have lost your health.
You don’t really see who I am.
You don’t remember, I’ll never forget.
You don’t run here.
You don’t say!
You don’t say.
You don’t see a golden cup, do you?
You don’t see a good dog?
You don’t see a rose or a book?
You don’t see a strong bench?
You don’t see a temple, do you?
You don’t see a vast sea?
You don’t see many dial phones around anymore.
You don’t see me as angry, do you?
You don’t see my brother’s horse, do you?
You don’t see my son, do you?
You don’t see the boy’s cup?
You don’t see the rose, do you?
You don’t see the wolf then?
You don’t see this kind of vegetable vending machine in the city.
You don’t see your car, do you?
You don’t seem to be yourself these days.
You don’t seem to mind his company, do you?
You don’t seem to understand how difficult it is for young people today to believe in something.
You don’t seem to understand their good intentions.
You don’t smell good at all.
You don’t smoke, do you?
You don’t speak English, do you?
You don’t speak Vabungula, do you?
You don’t think he has many faults?
You don’t think that that is weird at all?
You don’t turn down an offer like that!
You don’t understand anything about it.
You don’t understand how worried I was about you.
You don’t understand me at all.
You don’t understand.
You don’t understand. He’ll kill you.
You don’t want to be lazy.
You don’t want to get lost, so take your mother’s hand.
You don’t want to get wet and catch a cold, so take this umbrella with you.
You don’t want to make me angry.
You don’t want to sleep, do you?
You don’t wash your dog every day, do you?
You don’t... you don’t talk to me like that.
You dork!
You doubt my loyalty?
You doubt, so you exist.
You doubtless mean well; but your ideas are unhappily mistaken.
You doughnut!
You dove into the sea without warning.
You dozed off.
You dragged me into this!
You dragged me into this.
You drank a beer at lunch today, didn't you?
You drank a beer at lunch, didn't you?
You drank a cup of coffee.
You drank a lot of water.
You drank alcohol again? I told you not to!
You drank beer, didn't you?
You drank from my cup.
You drank from my glass.
You drank milk.
You drank too little.
You drank too much brandy.
You drank too much.
You drank wine.
You drank your cup of coffee.
You drank.
You draw him.
You draw pretty well.
You draw well.
You dream in Kabyle.
You dream of becoming a millionaire.
You dress like a dandy.
You dress yourself.
You drink alcohol.
You drink animal milk, don't you?
You drink beer, don't you?
You drink beer.
You drink boba by sucking the balls.
You drink coffee, don't you?
You drink coffee.
You drink juice.
You drink milk, don't you?
You drink milk.
You drink tea.
You drink that.
You drink too much coffee.
You drink too much soda.
You drink too much!
You drink too much, Tom.
You drink too much.
You drink water.
You drink wine, don't you?
You drink.
You drive a hard bargain.
You drive fast.
You drive home.
You drive like a madman!
You drive like a maniac!
You drive like my grandmother.
You drive like old people.
You drive me crazy with your persistent nagging.
You drive me crazy.
You drive me mad.
You drive me nuts!
You drive me nuts.
You drive me round the bend.
You drive me up the wall.
You drive to work, don't you?
You drive too fast.
You drive very well.
You drive way too fast.
You drive.
You drop seeds, and you move on. If the seeds are good, they'll take root.
You dropped a bookmark.
You dropped out.
You dropped something.
You dropped the keys down the drain!
You dropped this.
You dropped your backpack.
You dropped your bag.
You dropped your bags.
You dropped your bracelet.
You dropped your comb.
You dropped your glasses.
You dropped your handkerchief.
You dropped your hat.
You dropped your key.
You dropped your keys on the floor.
You dropped your pencil.
You dropped your phone.
You dropped your suitcase.
You dropped your wallet.
You drove Linda crazy.
You drove Tom to suicide.
You drove a truck.
You drove a wedge between us.
You drove here, didn't you?
You drove home.
You drove me crazy.
You drove me to hospital.
You drove the car.
You drove to Tiban.
You drove.
You drown.
You drowned in the ocean, didn't you?
You drunk too much orange juice.
You dumbass!
You dwell too much on the little details.
You dye your hair, don't you?
You each got a D.
You earned it.
You eat a lot.
You eat a sandwich.
You eat an apple.
You eat an ice cream.
You eat as much as me.
You eat as much of it as me.
You eat as much rice as me.
You eat bread.
You eat fast.
You eat fish every night for dinner.
You eat fish.
You eat food.
You eat fruit, don't you?
You eat fruit.
You eat good meals in this boardinghouse.
You eat in the classroom?
You eat like you're still in college.
You eat lobster for Christmas? Are you serious?
You eat meat.
You eat mooncakes during the Mid-Autumn Festival.
You eat more food than I do.
You eat more than I do.
You eat more than me.
You eat my delicious cherries.
You eat potato chips.
You eat quickly.
You eat rice, don't you?
You eat rice.
You eat slow.
You eat slowly.
You eat such unpleasant-tasting things often. Your palate is strange, isn't it?
You eat sweets.
You eat tomatoes.
You eat too fast.
You eat too few vegetables.
You eat too many sweets.
You eat too much candy.
You eat too much junk food.
You eat too much meat.
You eat too much.
You eat well in France.
You eat while I study.
You eat your soup.
You eat.
You either are or you aren't. Which is it?
You either buy both together or none of them.
You either choose to leave now, or you face my wrath!
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
You either do what we say or you can say goodbye to this house forever.
You either go with me, or with him.
You either have too many pickles or no pickles.
You either love it or you hate it.
You either put your best efforts in or you don't undertake anything at all.
You either win or you lose.
You elect your representative by voting.
You embarrassed me in front of my friends!
You embarrassed me in front of your friends. I didn't expect this kind of behavior from you.
You embody grace, even in the face of adversity.
You embody negativity.
You embody the quiet strength that speaks louder than words.
You embraced her like an octopus.
You emerged from your rest.
You empathize with her.
You empathize with him.
You enchanted my eyes.
You encouraged us to do that.
You end up being self-destructive or depressed.
You end up with the same result.
You endeavored to do your duty.
You ended his existence mercilessly.
You ended up being the wisest.
You enjoy doing that, don't you?
You enjoy driving, don't you?
You enjoy movies, don't you?
You enjoy reading novels, don't you?
You enjoy reprimanding Tom, don't you?
You enjoy that, don't you?
You enjoy the gossip more and your heart doesn't acknowledge her suffering.
You enjoy working here, don't you?
You enjoyed doing that, didn't you?
You enjoyed it.
You enjoyed that, didn't you?
You enjoyed yourself, didn't you?
You enjoyed yourselves, didn't you?
You enter text into the box at the top of the page and press "OK".
You enter the park through a granite gate.
You enter, with the key word being a requirement.
You entered the wrong password.
You entered.
You entertain the guests.
You entrusted her to him; she is in good hands.
You envied me.
You escaped.
You establish the property right by paying for it.
You even said that yourself.
You eventually died.
You ever laugh at the moon?
You ever think about how many fictional bands were inspired by The Beatles?
You evicted us.
You exaggerate everything.
You exceeded all expectations.
You exceeded your time limit.
You exist because of us.
You expect Tom to do that, don't you?
You expect Tom to win, don't you?
You expect a lot, don't you?
You expect elders to be wise, but in this day and age there are too many elders who have lived for a long time on pills, unfortunately never maturing to wise old men and women, just old, saggy, life- and everyone-hating, stubborn creatures.
You expect me to believe that?
You expect me to believe you?
You expect me to eat this?
You expect me to know this stuff?
You expect people to be inhuman caricatures.
You expect too much of Tom.
You expect too much of your child.
You expect too much.
You expect us to work on the house, too? What next?!
You expected Tom to do that, didn't you?
You expected Tom to win, didn't you?
You experienced a pain in your leg, didn't you?
You experienced a pain in your legs, didn't you?
You experienced the same situation as Mr Bean when the illusionist addressed him.
You explain things better than my teacher does.
You explain things better than my teacher.
You explain.
You explained it to them well.
You explained it very well.
You explained it well.
You explained it, didn't you?
You explained something to me.
You explained that well.
You explained the lesson.
You exposed yourself.
You exposed yourselves.
You exude bitterness.
You face challenges with a quiet confidence.
You failed again? You're hopeless, aren't you!
You failed because you didn't try hard enough.
You failed to do the assignment.
You failed to wake Harry up.
You fainted.
You faked it.
You fan yourself.
You fantasised.
You farted again!
You farted.
You fascinated my eyes.
You fatso!
You favour the death penalty?
You fear masculinity.
You fear what others think of you.
You fed the dog, didn't you?
You fed the dog.
You fed the sheep, didn't you?
You feel better today, don't you?
You feel bored.
You feel busy, as your brain produces beta waves.
You feel compassion for her.
You feel compassion for him.
You feel contempt for one another.
You feel discouraged, don't you?
You feel discouraged. I know.
You feel good if you listen to music when you are in a bad mood.
You feel it sometimes.
You feel lonesome, don't you?
You feel lonesome, don’t you?
You feel lost.
You feel more secure that I can't see your face on the Internet.
You feel much better when you get enough rest every night.
You feel not obligated to be friendly.
You feel old? You're only thirty!
You feel pressure from others' judgments.
You feel something for me. I know you do.
You feel sorry for him, don't you?
You feel sorry for yourself.
You feel that way, too, don't you?
You feel that you have low energy. Maybe, it's because of your diet.
You feel you don't know enough English vocabulary.
You feel you've been treated unfairly?
You fell and broke your leg.
You fell and broke your legs.
You fell asleep first.
You fell asleep with your glasses on.
You fell asleep.
You fell down the cellar steps, didn't you?
You fell down the stairs and hit your head.
You fell down the stairs.
You fell down, didn't you?
You fell from the sky?
You fell ill.
You fell off of the boat.
You fell.
You felt ashamed of yourself.
You felt excluded.
You felt happy.
You felt nervous, didn't you?
You felt out of breath after running up the stairs.
You felt repulsed, didn't you?
You fight better than I do.
You figure it out.
You filed a report with me a couple of weeks ago.
You fill my heart with such joy and love that I can't imagine my life without you. You're my everything.
You filled the pitcher to the brim.
You filmed that.
You filthy beast, get out of here!
You filthy pig!
You finally came.
You finally did it!
You finally made it!
You finally returned, my brother!
You finally succeeded in getting a job.
You finally succeeded.
You find a lot of unusual plants in a botanic garden.
You find beauty in every moment.
You find calm where others see chaos.
You find ice cream in the freezer.
You find it challenging to bond with women.
You find it hard to relate to women.
You find it in any dictionary.
You find it irritating that she chose me, don't you?
You find koalas in Australia.
You find out who your friends are when times are tough.
You find solutions when I feel stuck.
You find strength in every challenge.
You find strength in the simple things.
You find that amusing?
You find that it is shaped by science.
You find the worst in everything!
You find these people even at churches.
You finished all of the exams.
You finished the paperwork already?
You finished the race, didn't you?
You finished your siesta.
You finished.
You fired Mary, didn't you?
You fired me.
You fired your gun, didn't you?
You first need to be an admin to access or modify this file.
You first!
You first.
You fish on the river.
You fix it.
You fixed it all on your own!
You fixed it, didn't you?
You fixed it.
You flatter me!
You flatter me.
You flatter yourself.
You flatter yourselves.
You fled to Adekkar.
You fled.
You flew all the way to Australia to tell me you hate Boston?
You flew to Derguina.
You flew.
You fog up the windows and give wrong impressions to the neighbours.
You fold it, then you fold it over, then you fold it again.
You folded the towels.
You folded your arms.
You folks don't understand.
You folks need to get out more.
You follow me like a shadow.
You follow me.
You followed me here?
You followed me.
You followed.
You fool!
You fool, I had to do it!
You fooled and insulted me.
You fooled me.
You fooled them.
You fooled us all.
You fooled us.
You forced me into this.
You forced my hand.
You forgave Tom for doing that, didn't you?
You forgave me, didn't you?
You forget about Tom.
You forget everything that happened.
You forget to pay.
You forget yourself!
You forgot Poland.
You forgot a category.
You forgot about me?
You forgot everything.
You forgot her name, didn't you?
You forgot her name.
You forgot his name, didn't you?
You forgot his name.
You forgot how to eat?
You forgot my birthday.
You forgot my boyfriend is gay.
You forgot nothing.
You forgot our wedding anniversary.
You forgot something.
You forgot the accent mark.
You forgot the closing parenthesis.
You forgot the colour film.
You forgot the most important thing.
You forgot the nail clippers in the bathroom.
You forgot the period at the end of the sentence.
You forgot the period in this sentence.
You forgot the question mark.
You forgot the rice.
You forgot the spoons.
You forgot to add sugar to your coffee.
You forgot to adopt the sentence.
You forgot to ask Tom for his opinion.
You forgot to ask Tom for permission to do that, didn't you?
You forgot to bring the money.
You forgot to buy lettuce.
You forgot to buy the tickets, didn't you?
You forgot to close a window.
You forgot to close one of the windows.
You forgot to close the door.
You forgot to close the windows before you left the office last Friday.
You forgot to comb your hair, Tom.
You forgot to connect your headphones.
You forgot to correct your mistakes.
You forgot to divide by X here.
You forgot to do up your shoelaces.
You forgot to do what I asked you to do.
You forgot to do your shoelaces up.
You forgot to drop the indicator, that's why it never changes its color.
You forgot to erase your name.
You forgot to flush the toilet.
You forgot to give me a receipt.
You forgot to give us our homework.
You forgot to grab the keys before leaving.
You forgot to hand over the keys to your roommate.
You forgot to invite Tom, didn't you?
You forgot to knock.
You forgot to let the dog in!
You forgot to lock your office door yesterday when you left.
You forgot to mention Tom.
You forgot to mention that.
You forgot to mention whether it was successful or not.
You forgot to paint a spot near that window over there.
You forgot to plug in the rice cooker.
You forgot to plug in your headphones.
You forgot to put a period at the end of the sentence.
You forgot to put on your tie.
You forgot to put the addition sign here.
You forgot to remind Tom to do that, didn't you?
You forgot to remind me to do that.
You forgot to save the changes.
You forgot to say "Thank you."
You forgot to send Tom an invitation, didn't you?
You forgot to shake up the milk bottle for a better tasting.
You forgot to shut the door properly.
You forgot to take out the garbage again.
You forgot to take the trash out this morning.
You forgot to tell Tom where to meet us, didn't you?
You forgot to tell Tom, didn't you?
You forgot to tell me a few things.
You forgot to tell me about that book you read.
You forgot to tell me to buy bread.
You forgot to thank Tom for the present, didn't you?
You forgot to tie your shoelaces.
You forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
You forgot to turn off the light.
You forgot to turn off the lights.
You forgot to turn off your camera.
You forgot to turn off your stream.
You forgot to turn the bathroom light off.
You forgot to turn the lights off.
You forgot to turn your microphone on.
You forgot to wake Tom up, didn't you?
You forgot to warn us not to drink the water.
You forgot to water the plants!
You forgot where you parked, then when security showed up you couldn't remember the make of your car! You have egg on your face now with a succession of senior moments with your father-in-law there.
You forgot your backpack!
You forgot your backpack.
You forgot your bag.
You forgot your bags.
You forgot your change.
You forgot your checkbook.
You forgot your coat.
You forgot your credit card.
You forgot your hat.
You forgot your money.
You forgot your paper.
You forgot your purse.
You forgot your suitcase.
You forgot your towel.
You forgot your umbrella on a bus.
You forgot your umbrella.
You forgot your umbrellas.
You fought back.
You found Mary, didn't you?
You found Tom, didn't you?
You found a job, didn't you?
You found a place to live.
You found her, didn't you?
You found him awake.
You found him, didn't you?
You found me awake.
You found me dressed in black.
You found me where no one else was looking.
You found me!
You found one, didn't you?
You found some.
You found something they didn't.
You found something, didn't you?
You found something.
You found the answer.
You found them awake.
You found them, didn't you?
You found this fine wine on the table.
You found us awake.
You found us.
You found what you were looking for.
You found where she is.
You found your key, didn't you?
You found yourself a nice guy.
You found yourselves in the middle of people.
You found yourselves unemployed.
You four look ridiculous.
You framed me.
You fraud!
You freaked me out.
You freaked out, didn't you?
You freaked out.
You frequently appear in my dreams.
You frequently hurt my self-esteem.
You friend shouldn't be so nosy!
You friggin' kiddin' me?
You frighten me sometimes.
You frightened Tom and me.
You frightened Tom.
You frightened her.
You frightened him.
You frightened them.
You fuck anyone as long as they're breathing.
You fucked me up.
You fucked my boyfriend, how could you?
You fucked my life and now, I'm gonna fuck yours.
You fucked up my life.
You fucked up.
You fucking bastard!
You fucking door! I swear, if you don't open, I'm going to break you!
You fucking faggot.
You gab a lot.
You gain insight into key areas that can help you make strategic decisions.
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.
You gain one point for every opponent piece you capture.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you stop to really look fear in the face... Do the thing you think you cannot do.
You gave Mary the money she asked for, didn't you?
You gave Mary what she needed, right?
You gave Tom and Mary the money they asked for, didn't you?
You gave Tom and Mary what they needed, right?
You gave Tom my message, didn't you?
You gave Tom that money, didn't you?
You gave Tom the list, didn't you?
You gave Tom the money he asked for, didn't you?
You gave Tom what he needed, right?
You gave a bad example.
You gave a comprehensive answer.
You gave a general idea of what you wanted.
You gave a speech yesterday, didn't you?
You gave an exhaustive answer.
You gave as good as you got.
You gave away the ending.
You gave birth to me.
You gave her everything.
You gave him money, didn't you?
You gave it all you had!
You gave it to me.
You gave it to us.
You gave me 30 days to finish this.
You gave me a fright.
You gave me a good idea.
You gave me a headache.
You gave me a highly entertaining explanation of the rules.
You gave me a home and stability.
You gave me a lock of your hair as a memento.
You gave me a real surprise when you showed up there.
You gave me an extra coin.
You gave me back the paradise I thought I'd lost.
You gave me bad advice.
You gave me everything.
You gave me hope.
You gave me life and then taught me how to live.
You gave me no chance.
You gave me no choice.
You gave me no other choice.
You gave me one of these before.
You gave me one of those on my last birthday.
You gave me only fifty cents.
You gave me permission to bring her here.
You gave me quite a run for my money.
You gave me quite a start.
You gave me something to live up to.
You gave me something.
You gave me such a fright.
You gave me the most wonderful present.
You gave me the wrong change.
You gave me the wrong order.
You gave me this picture a long time ago.
You gave me too much.
You gave me your cold.
You gave me your word and you broke it.
You gave me your word but you broke your promise, right?
You gave me your word that you would do that.
You gave me your word that you would look after them.
You gave me your word.
You gave new life to my world.
You gave the documents to the wrong person.
You gave them to her.
You gave them to him.
You gave them to me.
You gave up on me.
You gave up too easily.
You gave up too soon.
You gave up.
You gave us something to talk about.
You gave your mom everything she wanted and left mine with nothing.
You gave your word and that's enough for me.
You gawk.
You get a discount from some suppliers if you choose the direct debit payment option.
You get a discount if you buy two pairs of brand name shoes.
You get a discount with some suppliers if you pay by standing order.
You get a feeling of euphoria upon completing a hike of the Appalachian Trail.
You get a glimpse of the plain from this window.
You get a two-month warranty.
You get along well with Mary.
You get along well with others.
You get angry about every mistake!
You get back here.
You get better with experience.
You get carried away so quickly.
You get closest to Jesus in the tough times, not the good times.
You get dreams for free.
You get drunk on just one centimeter? And Kensuke was such a heavy drinker.
You get everything mixed up!
You get everything mixed up.
You get free lodging in prison.
You get in my way?
You get it by paying for it.
You get me?
You get more and more beautiful every day.
You get more bang for your buck that way.
You get more beautiful every year.
You get more handsome every year.
You get more wisdom as you have more experiences.
You get more with honey than with vinegar.
You get off at Yotsuya Station.
You get off at Yotuya Station.
You get old when people start to say you look young.
You get older when you don't have many aims.
You get on my nerves!
You get on my tits!
You get on the JR Chuo Line.
You get on the phone and call the doctor.
You get one guess.
You get one phone call.
You get out of class?
You get out only what you put in.
You get paid a lot to do that, don't you?
You get paid a lot, don't you?
You get paid for helping me?
You get paid in proportion to the amount of the work you do.
You get rusty if you haven't spoken English for a long time.
You get rusty if you haven’t spoken English for a long time.
You get so angry when I don't do what you want.
You get some smoked eel with you.
You get the book again on Monday.
You get the friends you deserve.
You get the idea, don't you?
You get the idea?
You get the kids you deserve.
You get the next one.
You get the picture by now.
You get three tries to guess where I was yesterday.
You get tired of a beautiful woman after three days. You get used to an ugly woman after three days.
You get tired of a beautiful woman in three days, and you get used to an ugly woman in three days.
You get to see the wood only when it becomes too difficult to distinguish individual trees.
You get two pairs of trousers with this suit.
You get up at 5 o'clock every morning.
You get up at 5 o’clock every morning.
You get up early every day, don't you?
You get up early, don't you?
You get up early, don’t you?
You get up my nose!
You get used to anything.
You get used to everything.
You get used to it after a while.
You get used to it.
You get very talkative when you're drunk.
You get what I'm saying?
You get what you ask for.
You get what you get and you don't throw a fit.
You get what you get, and you don't throw a fit.
You get what you pay for.
You get your money back.
You girls changed!
You girls look amazing!
You give it to me.
You give me a headache.
You give me blood, I will give you freedom.
You give me secondhand embarrassment.
You give me so much.
You give me the motivation to keep going when things become tough.
You give them an inch and they take a mile.
You give up much too easily.
You give up too easily.
You give us ideas.
You gladly agreed.
You go ahead while I wait here.
You go ahead, Tom. I'll catch up soon.
You go ahead.
You go along and have a good time.
You go and get Tom and then come back here.
You go as you wish.
You go away.
You go by car.
You go complain to Tom.
You go crazy when you watch a soccer game.
You go first next time.
You go first, Jamal.
You go first, after all it was your idea.
You go first, then I go.
You go first, then.
You go first.
You go in through that door over there on the weekends.
You go on ahead. I'll be there in a bit.
You go on alone.
You go on first.
You go on without me.
You go right ahead and get on a SpaceX ship to a Mars colony run by Elon Musk. Good luck.
You go right ahead.
You go shopping every morning.
You go slowly.
You go there without me.
You go to bed at eleven o'clock.
You go to bed at eleven o’clock.
You go to bed very early.
You go to school in order to study at university afterwards.
You go to school on Saturdays.
You go to school, don't you?
You go to school, don’t you?
You go to school, right?
You go to school.
You go to the Chikushi river.
You go to the bazaar not to become a sheep, but to buy a sheep.
You go to the cinema every week.
You go to the left, I go to the right.
You go to the left. I'll go to the right.
You go to the market.
You go to the same driving school as me.
You go to work by car.
You go to work.
You go too, please. We can't go without you.
You go.
You goblin bastards! Come and get me if you dare!
You going to her thing on Saturday?
You gonna buy us a drink now?
You gonna do anything about it?
You gonna see me change.
You gonna tell me what you want?
You good-for-nothing!
You good?
You goofed, didn't you?
You goose, you're doing it all wrong!
You gossip to my mother about me.
You got 120% on the physics exam? You could probably teach that class...
You got Insta?
You got Tom, didn't you?
You got a D.
You got a girlfriend? Since when?
You got a license for that?
You got a lot out of the year you spent in Germany.
You got a message.
You got a new computer.
You got a pen on you?
You got a phone call from Tom.
You got a present from Mary.
You got a problem with me?
You got a star!
You got a tan.
You got accepted.
You got an answer.
You got an electric shock.
You got any grapes?
You got any green?
You got any more of that blue thread?
You got away with it.
You got back home.
You got better because you did everything the doctor asked.
You got bitten.
You got careless.
You got carried away.
You got changed.
You got cheated.
You got closer.
You got creamed, didn't you?
You got distracted.
You got divorced, didn't you?
You got dressed.
You got drunk, didn't you?
You got dumped, didn't you?
You got everything?
You got everything? Good.
You got extraordinary grades, didn't you?
You got fired, didn't you?
You got heartbroken.
You got here early.
You got here fast.
You got here in time.
You got here just in the nick of time.
You got here just in time.
You got here late, didn't you?
You got here on time.
You got here right on time.
You got here too early.
You got hit hard.
You got home late last night.
You got hurt, didn't you?
You got in pretty late last night.
You got instarepeated.
You got into a fight with Tom, didn't you?
You got into trouble.
You got involved in something bad, huh?
You got it all wrong again.
You got it all wrong.
You got it on the first try. Great job!
You got it right.
You got it wrong.
You got it.
You got locked in.
You got lost.
You got lucky this time.
You got lucky today.
You got lucky.
You got married, didn't you?
You got me good.
You got me out of it, and I owe you my thanks, but you need not have put your neck into the noose.
You got me pregnant and now you're leaving me.
You got me there.
You got me!
You got me.
You got mixed up; foreigners can't come in here.
You got noisy.
You got off easy.
You got one last chance.
You got one right.
You got paid, didn't you?
You got played.
You got pregnant.
You got rejected.
You got scared, didn't you?
You got scared.
You got shot in the leg.
You got shot, Tom.
You got sick.
You got skills?
You got some nerve, being this helpful while we're all pissed at you!
You got some white stuff on your boots.
You got something on your mind?
You got spooked.
You got stabbed.
You got stood up, didn't you?
You got stressed.
You got sunflower oil, but I asked for olive oil.
You got taller.
You got that one going in a good direction.
You got that right! This quiet little forest you chose to compose your doctorate is also the vacation home of a ruthless and power-hungry Satanist!
You got that right.
You got that totally wrong.
You got the answer right.
You got the chance but you didn't take it.
You got the date wrong when you were filling in the check.
You got the job.
You got the money?
You got the part.
You got the punishment you deserved.
You got the walls all dirty.
You got the whole pillow dirty!
You got there before her.
You got there before them.
You got there before us.
You got this!
You got this?
You got those from a field?
You got time!
You got to learn to take what people are willing to give.
You got undressed.
You got up and went to the window.
You got up early today.
You got up from the siesta.
You got up.
You got us evicted.
You got very drunk.
You got what I want.
You got what you came for.
You got what you deserve.
You got what you deserved.
You got what you wanted, didn't you?
You got what you wanted, now leave me alone.
You got what you wanted.
You got your bike?
You got your revenge.
You got your way, didn't you?
You got your wish, didn't you?
You got yourself a nice guy.
You got yourself caught.
You got yourself drunk.
You got yourself in huge trouble.
You got yourself into a mess.
You got yourself into this.
You gotta agree that he looks stylish in that costume.
You gotta be making this up.
You gotta be patient.
You gotta believe me.
You gotta call him before he's gone.
You gotta do it.
You gotta do what you gotta do.
You gotta get more organized.
You gotta get out of there.
You gotta go somewhere.
You gotta love Australia.
You gotta obey the laws.
You gotta play till you win.
You gotta win that debate!
You grabbed Ziri by the throat.
You grabbed my ass!
You graduated from Oxford.
You grew stronger.
You grew up around here, didn't you?
You grew up in Australia, didn't you?
You grew up in Boston, right?
You grew up in poverty, didn't you?
You grew up with too much materialism, and now you envy your neighbours.
You grew up without learning about interesting hypothetical scenarios.
You grow.
You grumbled.
You guarantee it, don't you?
You guessed correctly.
You guessed right.
You guys accepted those gifts.
You guys all of a sudden got really busy.
You guys are Canadians, aren't you?
You guys are Swedish.
You guys are a big family.
You guys are a lot of fun.
You guys are a problem.
You guys are absolutely right.
You guys are all Canadians, aren't you?
You guys are all sleep deprived.
You guys are always hungry.
You guys are always so busy.
You guys are amazing.
You guys are among friends.
You guys are as big as Tom.
You guys are awesome!
You guys are awesome.
You guys are being selfish.
You guys are coming.
You guys are complaining about cold winters while I'm still here savoring the summer sun.
You guys are completely wrong.
You guys are crazy.
You guys are dangerous.
You guys are different.
You guys are disgusting!
You guys are disgusting.
You guys are doing great.
You guys are dreaming.
You guys are eating fruit.
You guys are eating rice.
You guys are fast.
You guys are fishermen.
You guys are fishers.
You guys are geniuses.
You guys are going the wrong way.
You guys are going to die.
You guys are going to eat your bananas.
You guys are going to hate this one.
You guys are going to help the poor.
You guys are gonna love that.
You guys are good to go.
You guys are good.
You guys are great.
You guys are hilarious.
You guys are idiots.
You guys are insane!
You guys are lame.
You guys are late.
You guys are laughing!
You guys are like family.
You guys are lucky.
You guys are my heroes.
You guys are my parents.
You guys are no fun.
You guys are not going to believe this!
You guys are not helping.
You guys are nuts.
You guys are obviously extremely busy.
You guys are obviously too busy.
You guys are old enough to know better.
You guys are overplanning this.
You guys are pathetic.
You guys are perfect for each other.
You guys are ready to meet up?
You guys are really clueless.
You guys are really good friends, aren't you?
You guys are really starting to get on my nerves.
You guys are really sweet.
You guys are right, of course.
You guys are right.
You guys are roughly the same age as we are.
You guys are selfish.
You guys are sick!
You guys are so boring.
You guys are so flexible!
You guys are so immature.
You guys are so vain.
You guys are special.
You guys are strange.
You guys are stronger than her.
You guys are stronger than them.
You guys are stronger than us.
You guys are stronger than we are.
You guys are studying the history of China.
You guys are stupid, huh?
You guys are stupid.
You guys are such a cute couple.
You guys are such good people.
You guys are sweet.
You guys are the best friends I've ever had.
You guys are the best.
You guys are the greatest.
You guys are the only ones who can help me.
You guys are the only people who can help me.
You guys are the same age, aren't you?
You guys are the same age, right?
You guys are thirsty.
You guys are too much.
You guys are totally clueless.
You guys are totally lame. Please fuck off.
You guys are untrustworthy.
You guys are very sick.
You guys are weird.
You guys are worthless.
You guys are wrong.
You guys aren't as fast as I am.
You guys aren't doing anything.
You guys aren't from around here, are you?
You guys aren't going to find me.
You guys aren't helping.
You guys aren't hungry, are you?
You guys aren't hungry.
You guys aren't invited.
You guys aren't very sad.
You guys aren't young.
You guys ate.
You guys better get moving.
You guys better run.
You guys broke it again!
You guys can come over all the time.
You guys can do it if you try.
You guys can do that if you try.
You guys can do what you want.
You guys can shower as much as you want.
You guys can't be serious.
You guys can't do anything right, can you?
You guys can't do anything.
You guys can't envision the final collapse of capitalism? Incredible!
You guys can't leave yet.
You guys can't scare me.
You guys can't swim here.
You guys consider me your friend.
You guys couldn't sell this.
You guys did a great job.
You guys did an awesome job!
You guys did an awesome job.
You guys didn't clarify anything for her.
You guys didn't clarify anything for him.
You guys didn't learn anything at school.
You guys didn't need to do that.
You guys don't have to go there.
You guys don't know Tom like I do.
You guys don't know Tom, do you?
You guys don't know Tom.
You guys don't like it?
You guys don't like this game.
You guys don't need to die.
You guys don't seem too satisfied.
You guys don't seem very satisfied.
You guys don't think they'd beat Tom up, do you?
You guys don't want it?
You guys drink a lot.
You guys drink tea.
You guys eat fruit.
You guys eat meat.
You guys eat rice.
You guys eat slowly.
You guys eat too much candy.
You guys get the best shots.
You guys give my life meaning.
You guys go and have a good time.
You guys go and have fun.
You guys go on without me; I'll be fine.
You guys got me.
You guys got the rug all dirty!
You guys got there before us.
You guys have Macedonian passports.
You guys have Swiss passports.
You guys have a problem.
You guys have a shitty task, in a shitty environment.
You guys have been busy, haven't you?
You guys have crabs.
You guys have eaten.
You guys have geography today.
You guys have got Swiss passports.
You guys have got a problem.
You guys have it worse than we do.
You guys have listed everything, haven't you?
You guys have never been to Europe, have you?
You guys have never been to Europe, right?
You guys have no need to hide at all.
You guys have to go.
You guys have to hurry.
You guys have to leave now.
You guys have to leave.
You guys have too much time on your hands.
You guys haven't eaten yet, have you?
You guys haven't eaten.
You guys having fun?
You guys in America can impeach your president too.
You guys insulted me.
You guys know me.
You guys know too much.
You guys know what happened in Algeria.
You guys know what we have to do, don't you?
You guys know what we have to do, right?
You guys know what we have to do.
You guys know what's happening in Algeria.
You guys know where I work.
You guys know who I am, don't you?
You guys like stories, right?
You guys live in constant fear.
You guys look like you're a bunch of dudes who know how to have a good time.
You guys look like you're having fun.
You guys look like you’re a bunch of dudes who know how to have a good time.
You guys look lost.
You guys look so happy.
You guys look the same.
You guys look very confident.
You guys look way adorable together!
You guys looked great.
You guys looked mad.
You guys love each other, don't you?
You guys love each other, right?
You guys love meat.
You guys make a cute couple.
You guys make a great team.
You guys make a very attractive couple.
You guys make it look so easy.
You guys make such a cute couple.
You guys messed up.
You guys met Mary yesterday.
You guys must be crazy.
You guys must be having fun.
You guys must really love Halloween.
You guys need each other.
You guys need her help.
You guys need his help.
You guys need new shoes.
You guys need some alone time.
You guys need the money.
You guys need to be really careful.
You guys need to calm down.
You guys need to get out more often.
You guys need to get out more.
You guys need to go brush your teeth!
You guys need to put those things back where you found them.
You guys only incite violence.
You guys prattle a lot and do little.
You guys probably did that too.
You guys really could help, don't you think?
You guys really need to get out of here.
You guys seem to be having a good time.
You guys seem to think your proposal is far and away the best, but as far as I'm concerned it's all six of one and half-a-dozen of the other.
You guys seem to think your proposal is far and away the best, but as far as I’m concerned it’s all six of one and half-a-dozen of the other.
You guys should be more careful.
You guys should do it alone.
You guys should get some sleep.
You guys should go do something.
You guys should really be wearing gloves.
You guys should really be wearing helmets.
You guys should really be wearing safety glasses.
You guys should really be wearing swimsuits.
You guys should team up.
You guys smell like garbage.
You guys smoke.
You guys stay here.
You guys stink.
You guys suck.
You guys sung.
You guys thought he forgot it.
You guys wait here.
You guys wanna play some more poker?
You guys went to Italy.
You guys went to the pharmacy.
You guys went to work.
You guys were active.
You guys were demanding.
You guys were fucking awesome last night!
You guys were great.
You guys were just incredible.
You guys were lucky.
You guys were offended.
You guys were really drunk.
You guys were really good.
You guys were right.
You guys were sad about the death of the dog.
You guys were sleepy.
You guys were studying.
You guys were tough.
You guys weren't terrible.
You guys will be alone.
You guys will be there, right?
You guys will copy the sentences.
You guys will eat your bananas.
You guys will fail.
You guys will like it.
You guys won't believe what happened.
You guys would do that for me, wouldn't you?
You guys would say it isn't.
You guys would tell me no.
You had a bath.
You had a beard the last time I saw you.
You had a big fight with Tom last night, didn't you?
You had a cat.
You had a chance.
You had a choice.
You had a close call. You nearly died.
You had a cousin who lived in Boston.
You had a crush on me?
You had a dog when you were a kid, didn't you?
You had a fight.
You had a good time doing that, didn't you?
You had a good time, didn't you?
You had a good weekend, didn't you?
You had a good weekend, didn’t you?
You had a hunch that Tom would do that, didn't you?
You had a job.
You had a kid.
You had a knife, didn't you?
You had a long day, let me give you a massage.
You had a long day.
You had a mustache the last time I saw you.
You had a nosebleed.
You had a perfectly normal reaction.
You had a phone call from Mr Takakura.
You had a phone call from Mr. Takakura.
You had a phone call from Tom.
You had a radio.
You had a really rough day, didn't you?
You had a stroke, didn't you?
You had a very traumatic experience.
You had a week to deal with that.
You had a week to do this.
You had a week to finish this.
You had a week to get this done.
You had a week to take care of it.
You had agreed.
You had all day to finish doing that.
You had an affair during our marriage.
You had an angry look in your eyes.
You had as well throw your money into the ditch as give it to him.
You had bacon and eggs for breakfast, didn't you?
You had beautiful eyes.
You had been playing.
You had been smoking, hadn't you?
You had been smoking, hadn’t you?
You had been supported by the elbows.
You had beer.
You had best agree.
You had best eat plenty of fruit to keep healthy.
You had best follow the doctor's advice.
You had best follow the doctor’s advice.
You had best go home early.
You had best go with me.
You had better act upon his advice.
You had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other.
You had better ask Tom before doing it.
You had better ask him how to do it.
You had better ask him in advance how much it will cost.
You had better ask him which way to take.
You had better ask the doctor for advice.
You had better avail yourself of this opportunity.
You had better avoid Tom.
You had better avoid meeting Tom.
You had better be careful not to overeat.
You had better be examined by a doctor.
You had better be ready in case he comes.
You had better begin with easier questions.
You had better call off your plan.
You had better chain up the dog so that he won't bite.
You had better chain up the dog so that he won’t bite.
You had better check them at the front desk.
You had better close the window.
You had better combine your work with your family life.
You had better communicate with the police.
You had better consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
You had better consult a dictionary when you don’t know the meaning of a word.
You had better consult a doctor about your health.
You had better consult the doctor.
You had better consult the others.
You had better consult with your teacher.
You had better cooperate with Tom.
You had better cut down your living expenses.
You had better cut out the fat.
You had better depart at once.
You had better do as I suggest.
You had better do as the doctor advised you.
You had better do it at once.
You had better do it right now.
You had better do it with Tom.
You had better do what they say.
You had better do what your father told you to do.
You had better do your homework at once.
You had better enter the hospital.
You had better fix the bookcase to the wall.
You had better get away from here at once.
You had better get dressed now.
You had better get going.
You had better get in touch with your parents at once.
You had better get this letter registered for fear it should be lost.
You had better get up early.
You had better give up smoking at once.
You had better give up smoking for your health.
You had better go and speak to him in person.
You had better go and thank her in person.
You had better go at once.
You had better go by tram.
You had better go in person.
You had better go now.
You had better go over the house before you take it.
You had better go there in decent clothes.
You had better go to bed early.
You had better go to bed now.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
You had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out.
You had better go to the dentist's.
You had better go to the dentist.
You had better go to the dentist’s.
You had better go to the infirmary.
You had better go.
You had better have breakfast.
You had better have gone by ship.
You had better have studied harder.
You had better have your car washed.
You had better have your eyes examined.
You had better have your hair cut.
You had better help Tom with that.
You had better help your father.
You had better hurry because the banks will close soon.
You had better hurry.
You had better hurry. The train leaves at three.
You had better invite them or they will be offended.
You had better keep early hours so you will be in good health.
You had better keep him at a respectful distance.
You had better keep this food under ten degrees.
You had better keep your money for a rainy day.
You had better learn either English or French.
You had better leave at once.
You had better leave it unsaid.
You had better leave the students to find out for themselves.
You had better leave there on Monday.
You had better live on your salary.
You had better look up the word.
You had better make a clean breast of everything.
You had better make a reservation in advance.
You had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him.
You had better make sure that he is at home, before you call on him.
You had better make the most of your opportunities.
You had better make use of the opportunity.
You had better make use of this opportunity.
You had better not ask this question!
You had better not associate with those men.
You had better not climb such high mountains in winter.
You had better not copy off others.
You had better not do anything today.
You had better not do that.
You had better not drink alcohol any more.
You had better not drive a car.
You had better not eat too much.
You had better not go after dark.
You had better not go out in this bad weather.
You had better not go out now. It's almost 11.
You had better not go out now. It’s almost 11.
You had better not go out today.
You had better not go there again.
You had better not go there.
You had better not go.
You had better not have gone there.
You had better not keep company with him.
You had better not make a noise here.
You had better not mess with Tom.
You had better not play on his generous nature.
You had better not read this book.
You had better not repeat such an error.
You had better not see her now.
You had better not see her today.
You had better not sit up late at night.
You had better not sit up late up night.
You had better not sit up so late.
You had better not smoke so much.
You had better not smoke while on duty.
You had better not speak loudly in this room.
You had better not speak.
You had better not start until they arrive.
You had better not stay up late.
You had better not stay up too late.
You had better not take such a hopeless view of life.
You had better not tell your father about the accident.
You had better not think of everything in terms of money.
You had better not try Tom's patience.
You had better not use those four-letter words.
You had better not wait any longer.
You had better not wake me up when you come in.
You had better not walk around in such a place.
You had better not wander around here by yourself.
You had better not waste your money.
You had better not work too hard.
You had better obey Tom.
You had better prepare for the future.
You had better prepare yourself for the next game.
You had better put on a raincoat.
You had better put on your crash helmet.
You had better put out the fire before you go to bed.
You had better put the book back on the desk, for the owner will come back there.
You had better read a lot of books while you are young.
You had better read as many newspapers as you can so that you may not be left behind the times.
You had better read your teacher's comments on your compositions one more time.
You had better read your teacher’s comments on your compositions one more time.
You had better see a doctor at once.
You had better see a doctor; it may not be just a cold.
You had better see the cloth with your own eyes.
You had better see the doctor.
You had better send for the doctor at once.
You had better set off at once.
You had better set some money apart for your wedding.
You had better speak more naturally.
You had better start at once.
You had better stay away from work today.
You had better stay here a little longer.
You had better stop buying things at random.
You had better stop seeing her.
You had better stop smoking.
You had better study English thoroughly.
You had better supplement your diet with vitamins.
You had better take a bath to get warm.
You had better take a little rest.
You had better take account of his age.
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
You had better take an umbrella with you today.
You had better take an umbrella with you.
You had better take an umbrella.
You had better take her advice.
You had better take his youth into account.
You had better take into consideration that you are no longer young.
You had better take this medicine if you want to get well.
You had better take your umbrella in case.
You had better talk as clearly as you can.
You had better tell her everything.
You had better tell him the truth.
You had better tell me now.
You had better tell me the whole story.
You had better tell the truth.
You had better throw away leftovers.
You had better try buttering him up first.
You had better turn off the light before you go to sleep.
You had better wait until the police come.
You had better watch your mouth.
You had better write the letter at once.
You had better yield to your teacher's advice.
You had better yield to your teacher’s advice.
You had breakfast, didn't you?
You had breakfast.
You had called.
You had cavities.
You had dealings with a crook.
You had dinner with Tom last night, didn't you?
You had enough.
You had every right to do that.
You had every right to make fun of us.
You had far better stay here.
You had fun.
You had gone to Italy to see the king's son.
You had grabbed branches.
You had hallucinations.
You had homework to do after all.
You had it all. Why did you do it?
You had it coming.
You had it right the first time.
You had just enough time to drive to Boston and commit the murder.
