Look at Mennad.
Look at Tom and Mary.
Look at Tom and me.
Look at Tom move.
Look at Tom's face.
Look at Tom's funny long hair!
Look at Tom's shoes.
Look at Tom.
Look at Tom. What the hell is he doing?
Look at Venus!
Look at Yanni's hair.
Look at Ziri.
Look at a baby sleeping in the bed.
Look at all her freckles.
Look at all that money.
Look at all the brush that has built up around the house. It needs to be cleared.
Look at all the cool stuff.
Look at all the damage Tom and Mary have done.
Look at all the damage Tom has done.
Look at all the damage you've caused.
Look at all the damage you've done.
Look at all the guys around.
Look at all the mangoes growing on that tree.
Look at all the rubbish in this house!
Look at all the trash in this house!
Look at all these boxes.
Look at all these flowers.
Look at all these numbers.
Look at all these rich and famous people.
Look at all these things you have to play with.
Look at all these toys you have to play with.
Look at all this cool stuff.
Look at all those ants.
Look at all those birds.
Look at all those children.
Look at all those idiots. They're taking profile pictures with their shitty cars. That's the most important thing in their lives.
Look at all those people.
Look at all those sheep.
Look at all those water balloons. Yanni has prepared them for you.
Look at all we have to celebrate.
Look at all you've accomplished.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
Look at her ass.
Look at her but don't make it too obvious.
Look at her move.
Look at her outfit!
Look at her putting on airs over there.
Look at her.
Look at her. She's beautiful.
Look at him move.
Look at him raising his arm in triumph.
Look at him! He's bony, he can barely pick up a bottle of water.
Look at him.
Look at him. He doesn't deserve that.
Look at him. He looks like an idiot but he's also very cute.
Look at him. He's drunk again.
Look at him. He’s drunk again.
Look at him: he must be quite old.
Look at his messy hair and cheap clothes.
Look at how Vyvanse was created as Adderall was coming off patent. That's what happens when a treatment is profitable.
Look at how excited Tom is.
Look at how happy Tom and Mary are.
Look at how he nutmegged him...
Look at how long they are!
Look at how much democracy means to this country!
Look at how orange the sun is.
Look at how rail thin she was while picking apples during the Depression.
Look at how the boy jumps.
Look at how the sun's rays dance here and there between the trees.
Look at how they're flirting!
Look at how white Tom's teeth are.
Look at how worn out he is! He literally can't keep his eyes open!
Look at it again.
Look at it carefully.
Look at it closely.
Look at it from Tom's point of view.
Look at it from a deeper view.
Look at it from a different point of view!
Look at it from her point of view.
Look at it from his point of view.
Look at it in your own time.
Look at it this way.
Look at it.
Look at me and do what I do.
Look at me and listen to me.
Look at me carefully.
Look at me go!
Look at me in the eyes.
Look at me when I speak to you.
Look at me when I talk to you!
Look at me when I talk to you, you coward!
Look at me when I talk to you.
Look at me when I'm speaking to you!
Look at me when I'm speaking to you.
Look at me when I'm speaking with you!
Look at me when I'm talking to you!
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
Look at me when you're talking to me.
Look at me with your books closed.
Look at me!
Look at me, Tom.
Look at me, are you shy?
Look at me, please.
Look at me.
Look at me. I am the captain now.
Look at me. I'm soaked to the skin.
Look at me. I'm talking to you.
Look at my ad in the upper right hand corner.
Look at my arm.
Look at my eyes.
Look at my face when I talk to you.
Look at my face when I'm talking to you!
Look at my grandfather; he's old but very strong!
Look at my grandpa having coffee, look how he shakes it.
Look at my hair.
Look at my hair. It's just terrible.
Look at my new car!
Look at my new car.
Look at my new poster.
Look at my tires.
Look at our kids.
Look at page 30 in the textbook.
Look at page three.
Look at that Japanese car.
Look at that Kabyle dress again.
Look at that adorable face.
Look at that ass.
Look at that beautiful lady.
Look at that big dog.
Look at that big hammer.
Look at that bird.
Look at that boy running.
Look at that boy who is swimming.
Look at that boy who's swimming.
Look at that boy who’s swimming.
Look at that boy!
Look at that brilliant star.
Look at that building standing on the hill.
Look at that building.
Look at that building. Is it a temple?
Look at that car. It's beautiful.
Look at that cat on the roof.
Look at that cat over there.
Look at that cat, it's really cute.
Look at that cat.
Look at that cat. It is Mr Brown's.
Look at that cat. It is Mr Brown’s.
Look at that cat. It is Mr. Brown's.
Look at that chair.
Look at that clear sky.
Look at that cloud.
Look at that cloud. It's shaped like a dinosaur.
Look at that cloudless sky.
Look at that cute face.
Look at that dimwit egg-sucker over there.
Look at that dog.
Look at that drawing.
Look at that fashion criminal wearing socks with sandals.
Look at that fish!
Look at that flower over there.
Look at that flower!
Look at that flying bird.
Look at that girl!
Look at that girl.
Look at that girl. She's really cute.
Look at that good-looking boy.
Look at that good-looking girl.
Look at that good-looking guy.
Look at that good-looking man.
Look at that good-looking woman.
Look at that guy run.
Look at that guy wearing a black hat.
Look at that guy's car.
Look at that guy. He's really cute.
Look at that handsome boy.
Look at that high mountain.
Look at that house.
Look at that idiot.
Look at that image.
Look at that knight on the horse.
Look at that knight riding a horse.
Look at that koala bear over there.
Look at that koala bear.
Look at that koala over there.
Look at that koala there.
Look at that lioness. She looks as though she’s hurt herself.
Look at that little hummingbird.
Look at that lovely house of Mary's.
Look at that lovely house of Mary’s.
Look at that lovely smile.
Look at that man.
Look at that mold!
Look at that mountain which is covered with snow.
Look at that mountain.
Look at that one there.
Look at that one there. He's such a lazy bum!
Look at that one there. He’s such a lazy bum!
Look at that one.
Look at that over there.
Look at that photo.
Look at that photograph.
Look at that picture on the desk.
Look at that picture.
Look at that pink couple. They're happy.
Look at that pole in the square.
Look at that pool of blood.
Look at that pretty little girl.
Look at that red building.
Look at that red car.
Look at that red-roofed house.
Look at that sea, girls--all silver and shadow and vision of things not seen. We couldn't enjoy its loveliness any more if we had millions of dollars and ropes of diamonds.
Look at that shooting star.
Look at that short pretty girl.
Look at that smoke.
Look at that smoke. That building must be on fire.
Look at that so cut little girl singing.
Look at that sports car over there.
Look at that squirrel.
Look at that sunset!
Look at that swamp.
Look at that tall building.
Look at that tall mountain.
Look at that there.
Look at that thing!
Look at that tower standing on the hill.
Look at that view.
Look at that waterfall!
Look at that with your magnifying glass.
Look at that young Frenchman who went up last week in a balloon. It was blowing a gale of wind, but because he was announced to go he insisted on starting. The wind blew him fifteen hundred miles in twenty-four hours, and he fell in the middle of Russia.
Look at that!
Look at that! What do you think?
Look at that! You're smiling again!
Look at that, Ziri.
Look at that.
Look at that: the cow mooed.
Look at the Algerian map.
Look at the Quran objectively.
Look at the baby sleeping in the cradle.
Look at the beautiful flowers standing here around us.
Look at the beautiful girl.
Look at the beautiful puppy.
Look at the beautiful sunset!
Look at the beauty of the Berber language.
Look at the big shot.
Look at the bird singing in the tree.
Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
Look at the blackboard.
Look at the book on the desk.
Look at the book on the table!
Look at the book which he put on the desk.
Look at the books that I bought!
Look at the bottom.
Look at the boy and his dog that are coming this way.
Look at the boy and the dog that are running over there.
Look at the boy beside the car.
Look at the boy jump!
Look at the bright side: it could be worse.
Look at the camera and say cheese!
Look at the camera.
Look at the car made in Japan.
Look at the cat on that roof.
Look at the cat on the roof.
Look at the cat that's on that roof.
Look at the cat.
Look at the clear sky.
Look at the clock.
Look at the cloud over there.
Look at the cloud, how it cries like a grieving man. Thunder moans like a lover with a broken heart. Now and then the sun peeks from behind the clouds like a prisoner hiding from the guard.
Look at the contract carefully.
Look at the cover.
Look at the cute little baby sleeping in the cradle.
Look at the damage Tom has done.
Look at the dawn on the sea!
Look at the dirt on that car!
Look at the distant horizon!
Look at the dog jump.
Look at the earth from a spaceship; you won't notice any borders.
Look at the evidence.
Look at the fire.
Look at the flowers in the park.
Look at the flowers trembling in the breeze.
Look at the following example.
Look at the following examples.
Look at the forest.
Look at the gauge.
Look at the girl over there.
Look at the girl who is now singing.
Look at the girl whose hair is long.
Look at the girl with the long hair there.
Look at the girl with the long hair.
Look at the girls.
Look at the guys around you.
Look at the headlines: "Crime in the City. Murder at Mawson & Williams's. Gigantic attempted Robbery. Capture of the Criminal."
Look at the house with the red roof.
Look at the instructions on the package of tapioca that you buy.
Look at the large building over there.
Look at the leer on Tom's face.
Look at the lilies of the field: they grow, and yet they neither work nor spin.
Look at the little woodpecker!
Look at the man crossing the street.
Look at the map of Algeria.
Look at the map on page 25.
Look at the map on the wall carefully.
Look at the map.
Look at the memo.
Look at the mess Tom has made.
Look at the mess Tom made.
Look at the mess we have here.
Look at the mess you got yourself in.
Look at the meter.
Look at the monkey on that bough.
Look at the moon!
Look at the moon.
Look at the mother goose and her little goslings!
Look at the mountain whose top is covered with snow.
Look at the mountains covered with snow.
Look at the mule.
Look at the next page.
Look at the notes on page 10.
Look at the notice on the wall.
Look at the past and learn by it, look at the present and live by it, look at the future and dream by it.
Look at the people in the photos.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
Look at the picture on the wall.
Look at the picture which he painted.
Look at the picture.
Look at the plan: it's next to the library.
Look at the plan: it’s next to the library.
Look at the positive side!
Look at the price tag.
Look at the price.
Look at the reaction on his face when we bring up a price.
Look at the reddish skies, the night is falling down.
Look at the screen.
Look at the setting sun.
Look at the seventh line from the bottom on page 34.
Look at the sharks.
Look at the sign ahead of you.
Look at the sign in front of you.
Look at the sign just ahead of you.
Look at the sign right in front of you.
Look at the situation from another angle.
Look at the size of it!
Look at the size of that ear of corn! It's huge!
Look at the size of that guy.
Look at the size of that line!
Look at the size of that thing!
Look at the size of that!
Look at the size of these ivy stems.
Look at the size of this T-shirt. We could put it on together.
Look at the sky!
Look at the sky, it's so starry tonight.
Look at the sky.
Look at the sleeping baby.
Look at the sports car over there.
Look at the stars, let's not waste time.
Look at the stars.
Look at the sunny side of things.
Look at the tall pretty girl standing there.
Look at the time.
Look at the tomato. Isn't it sad? He can't dance, poor tomato.
Look at the top of that tree.
Look at the traffic.
Look at the train crossing the bridge.
Look at the train going over the bridge.
Look at the trouble you've brought upon us.
Look at the view from here.
Look at the view.
Look at the way he holds his head.
Look at the way he's looking at Rima. He's undressing her with his eyes.
Look at the way the diamonds are shining.
Look at the way they treat me.
Look at the woman over there!
Look at them move.
Look at them ranting and raving!
Look at them sitting around in wonder, not really trusting anyone.
Look at them.
Look at these eggs.
Look at these lovely medlars.
Look at these numbers.
Look at these photos.
Look at these pictures.
Look at these prices.
Look at these rocks.
Look at these seed pods.
Look at these two photographs - which one is better?
Look at these.
Look at things from all angles.
Look at things from every angle.
Look at this Japanese car.
Look at this beautiful cashmere jumper I found in your wardrobe.
Look at this bird I just found.
Look at this book, this page is cool!!
Look at this cat.
Look at this flower!
Look at this flower.
Look at this gorgeous necklace Salas just gave me.
Look at this grand view of the ocean.
Look at this guy.
Look at this high mountain!
Look at this high mountain.
Look at this horrible, watery soup!
Look at this house.
Look at this image.
Look at this large map of America.
Look at this mess!
Look at this mess.
Look at this old coin you have here.
Look at this one!
Look at this one.
Look at this photo.
Look at this photograph.
Look at this picture again.
Look at this picture of Tom.
Look at this picture of her.
Look at this picture of him.
Look at this picture of my family.
Look at this picture of my grandfather's car.
Look at this picture of them.
Look at this picture, please.
Look at this picture, this is an example of a mandela effect.
Look at this picture.
Look at this pile of laundry.
Look at this place.
Look at this shining star.
Look at this smile.
Look at this snail.
Look at this stuff.
Look at this stunning view.
Look at this table; it has been written out clearly.
Look at this view.
Look at this window display.
Look at this windshield. It's all scratched up.
Look at this woman.
Look at this yellow flower.
Look at this!
Look at this.
Look at this. The waiter's bringing champagne even though I didn't order any.
Look at this. What do you think of it?
Look at those arms and shoulders.
Look at those big, isolated clumps of building rising up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-coloured sea.
Look at those black clouds.
Look at those black clouds. It is going to rain.
Look at those black clouds. It's going to rain.
Look at those cattle.
Look at those clouds! It's going to rain.
Look at those clouds! It’s going to rain.
Look at those clouds.
Look at those conformists, they're always sucking up to the man.
Look at those conformists, they’re always sucking up to the man.
Look at those curves!
Look at those ducklings!
Look at those ducks on the pond.
Look at those ducks!
Look at those empty cans there.
Look at those fish in the pond.
Look at those flowers trembling in the breeze.
Look at those flowers.
Look at those girls.
Look at those guys play! They’re really getting stuck in!
Look at those guys prancing about on stage!
Look at those legs.
Look at those mountains, between which the river runs!
Look at those nimbus clouds.
Look at those pathetic tourists on the bus.
Look at those people... they don't deserve that!
Look at those sharks.
Look at those shoulders.
Look at those snow-covered mountains.
Look at those two lovebirds.
Look at those.
Look at us!
Look at us.
Look at what I did.
Look at what I found!
Look at what I have in my hand.
Look at what I made for Tom.
Look at what I made.
Look at what I tell you.
Look at what I'm doing and do the same thing.
Look at what I've found! Amber!
Look at what Mary is doing.
Look at what Tom and Mary are doing.
Look at what Tom did.
Look at what Tom has in his hands.
Look at what Tom has.
Look at what Tom is doing.
Look at what Tom's wearing.
Look at what a dust bunny I just got out of my belly button.
Look at what a mess Tom has made.
Look at what happened to Tom.
Look at what he's wearing!
Look at what she brought for my birthday party!
Look at what she's wearing!
Look at what the cat dragged in!
Look at what we did.
Look at what we have so far.
Look at what we made.
Look at what you did.
Look at what you've become.
Look at what you've done to me.
Look at what you've done!
Look at what you've done.
Look at what you've done. Are you happy?
Look at what's already happened.
Look at what's become of me!
Look at what's going on.
Look at what's happening outside.
Look at what's happening.
Look at you - all scrubbed and dressed. They say the clothes make the man.
Look at you then look at him.
Look at you!
Look at you! You haven't changed a bit.
Look at you! You haven't changed.
Look at you! You've become so much more adorable.
Look at you, you're crying. Come here. It's alright.
Look at your back. What is this?
Look at your calendar.
Look at your car! It really needs a wash!
Look at your clothes!
Look at your face.
Look at your hair.
Look at your hands.
Look at your map.
Look at your muscles dying. Go to the gym.
Look at your muscles dying. Why don't you go to the gym?
Look at your trousers! Zip them up.
Look at yourself in the mirror!
Look at yourself in the mirror.
Look at yourself, your whole mouth is full of food.
Look at yourself.
Look at yourselves.
Look away for a minute! I'm going to quickly change my clothes.
Look away.
Look back and you'll see a black cat.
Look back there.
Look back who's coming behind us.
Look back!
Look back.
Look backward!
Look before you leap.
Look behind the sink!
Look behind you!
Look behind you.
Look below!
Look beyond the name, observe the traits, For attributes will guide you to essence's gates.
Look both left and right before crossing a road.
Look both left and right before crossing the road.
Look both left and right before crossing the street.
Look both ways before crossing any intersection.
Look both ways before crossing the beach volleyball court.
Look both ways before crossing the path.
Look both ways before crossing the road.
Look both ways before crossing the street.
Look both ways before you cross the road.
Look both ways before you cross the street.
Look boys; this bag is full of pears.
Look by yourself.
Look carefully, or you will miss Jane's mother.
Look carefully, or you will miss Jane’s mother.
Look carefully.
Look carefully. I'm going to show you how it's done.
Look carefully. I’m going to show you how it’s done.
Look closely at the one on the left.
Look closely at this picture.
Look closely.
Look closer.
Look down at the floor.
Look down!
Look down.
Look downwards if it is there.
Look elsewhere.
Look everywhere.
Look for Tom.
Look for a bald and sweaty guy.
Look for a sign with a big "one" on it.
Look for a way out.
Look for an enemy of your enemy, and you will find a friend.
Look for another one.
Look for another.
Look for clues.
Look for her.
Look for him, you'll find him.
Look for him.
Look for it among the loose papers on my desk.
Look for it online.
Look for it.
Look for my cat under the bed.
Look for opportunities to help others.
Look for shelter!
Look for signs of decomposition.
Look for someone else.
Look for the cat.
Look for the key to this trunk, Anne.
Look for the lost key.
Look for the person behind each face.
Look for the solution he has sent you.
Look for the truth.
Look for the woman!
Look for them and you'll find them.
Look for them there.
Look for ticks on your clothing.
Look for yourself.
Look forward, please.
Look forward.
Look guys, the window and even the kitchen door have both been left open!
Look here!
Look here, boy.
Look here.
Look how I do it.
Look how beautiful it is!
Look how big my shadow is.
Look how big the moon is!
Look how bright the moon is!
Look how clean the house is.
Look how fast he runs!
Look how fat Tom is.
Look how festive everyone is.
Look how full the trolley is! I'm dreading what it'll all cost at the checkout.
Look how handsome Tom is.
Look how happy Tom and Mary are.
Look how happy Tom is.
Look how happy and relaxed everyone is.
Look how happy you made Tom.
Look how it rains!
Look how it's done.
Look how much my hand is shaking.
Look how short Tom is.
Look how skinny Tom is.
Look how tall Tom is.
Look how that ball bounces.
Look how the Magyars have fun!
Look how the plane is gliding toward the field!
Look how the trees sway in that wind.
Look how they all speak ill of me behind my back because I married a woman thirty years younger than me.
Look how thick these ivy stems are.
Look how this ball bounces.
Look how this beautiful dress fits on the mannequin!
Look how tipsy she's gotten with just one drink. She definitely can't hold her liquor.
Look how tipsy she’s gotten with just one drink. She definitely can’t hold her liquor.
Look how tricky you are.
Look if these fit now.
Look in front of you.
Look in the bottom drawer.
Look in the mirror!
Look in the mirror, pal.
Look in the mirror.
Look in the phone book.
Look in the rear-view mirror before backing up.
Look in the rear-view mirror.
Look in there!
Look in there.
Look in your papers.
Look in your pocket.
Look in your pockets.
Look in your spam folder.
Look in your top drawer.
Look inside.
Look into it.
Look into my eyes.
Look into that, would you?
Look into the box.
Look into the future!
Look into the matter carefully.
Look into the matter more carefully.
Look into the well.
Look it over.
Look it up in the dictionary.
Look it up in your dictionary.
Look it up on Wikipedia.
Look it up.
Look left and right before crossing the road.
Look me in the eye when you speak to me.
Look me in the eye, so I know if you are saying the truth.
Look me in the eye.
Look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it.
Look me in the eyes and tell me you didn’t do it.
Look me in the eyes when I talk to you.
Look me in the eyes, Mennad.
Look me in the eyes.
Look me in the eyes. Otherwise, it means nothing.
Look me straight in the eyes if you have nothing to be ashamed of.
Look me up next time I'm in town.
Look me up next time you are in Kyoto.
Look me up next time you're in Boston.
Look me up sometime.
Look more closely.
Look not at the package but what's in it.
Look now where he has climbed.
Look on both sides of the shield.
Look on me, and do likewise.
Look on the bright side of things.
Look on the bright side!
Look on the bright side.
Look on their wall.
Look out above!
Look out below!
Look out for Tom.
Look out for bees.
Look out for boats and give them plenty of space.
Look out for cars in crossing the street.
Look out for cars when you cross the road.
Look out for her.
Look out for him.
Look out for my friend Tom.
Look out for pedestrians when you drive a car.
Look out for pickpockets on crowded trains.
Look out for pickpockets.
Look out for poison ivy!
Look out for rock slides.
Look out for the car.
Look out for the wild dog!
Look out for them.
Look out for those two.
Look out for those who want to sell you counterfeit items.
Look out for yourself.
Look out of the window! Someone's wandering about in our garden!
Look out of the window.
Look out of the window. It looks like rain.
Look out that you don't catch cold.
Look out that you don’t catch cold.
Look out the window and see who just pulled in to the driveway.
Look out the window at the blue sky.
Look out the window.
Look out there.
Look out to the sea.
Look out world! Here I come!
Look out your window.
Look out!
Look out! There's a car coming.
Look out! There's a hole in the road.
Look out! There's a lorry coming!
Look out! There's a truck coming!
Look out! There’s a car coming.
Look out! There’s a hole in the road.
Look out! There’s a truck coming!
Look out, Dad!
Look out, dude!
Look out, there's a shark!
Look out.
Look outside!
Look outside! It looks like it'll rain soon.
Look outside.
Look outside. It doesn't seem to be raining any more.
Look over here.
Look over the contract well, before you sign it.
Look over the papers, please.
Look over there!
Look over there.
Look over there—the bus.
Look over yonder.
Look properly into your work.
Look right and left when crossing the street.
Look sharp!
Look someplace else.
Look straight ahead.
Look that word up in the dictionary.
Look the setting of the sun.
Look the word up for yourself in the dictionary.
Look there!
Look there, up in the sky!
Look there, your friend is waiting for you.
Look there.
Look this toy is really woolly like a sheep.
Look this way, Tom.
Look this way.
Look this word up in the dictionary, please.
Look through some of Yanni's videos and you'll find one about that topic.
Look through that hole and tell me what you see.
Look through the keyhole to see who's at the door.
Look through the telescope.
Look through the window.
Look through the yellow pages.
Look through these papers.
Look through this mug book and see if you see the thief.
Look to right and left in crossing the street.
Look to the left and right before crossing the street.
Look to this page as a reference hub for other open source voice datasets and, as Common Voice continues to grow, a home for our release updates.
Look to your left, look to your right.
Look to your left.
Look to your left. Look to your right. Haha, made you look twice!
Look to your left. Other left.
Look toward her.
Look towards the citadel.
Look towards the future!
Look twice before you leap.
Look under the bed.
Look under the fingernail.
Look under the seat.
Look under the skin of a civilized man and you will find a barbarian.
Look under your desk. It might be there.
Look up at the sky, and number the stars if you can.
Look up at the sky.
Look up more.
Look up page 50 in the textbook.
Look up the definition of 'guy' in your dictionary.
Look up the definition of ’guy’ in your dictionary.
Look up the new words in your dictionary.
Look up the number in the phone book.
Look up the number in the telephone book.
Look up the phrase in your dictionary.
Look up the town on the map.
Look up the trains to London in the timetable.
Look up the word in the dictionary for yourself.
Look up the word in the dictionary.
Look up the word in your dictionary.
Look up the words in your dictionary.
Look up the words you don't know in a dictionary.
Look up the words you don't know in the glossary.
Look up there at the sky!
Look up there in the sky!
Look up there.
Look up these words in the dictionary.
Look up this word in the dictionary.
Look up to me.
Look up to the clouds in the sky, rain is threatening to fall down if you take a closer look on the horizon.
Look up to the skies.
Look up to the sky. You'll never find rainbows if you're looking down.
Look up words in advance, before you attend a class.
Look up words you don't know in your dictionary.
Look up words you don’t know in your dictionary.
Look up!
Look up.
Look what I bought today.
Look what I bought.
Look what I brought.
Look what I can do.
Look what I caught.
Look what I did for Tom.
Look what I did.
Look what I found at the supermarket today.
Look what I found behind the bookcase.
Look what I found in Tom's closet.
Look what I found in Tom's room.
Look what I found in my garden.
Look what I found in our basement.
Look what I found in the garden.
Look what I found in the woods.
Look what I found on my way home.
Look what I found on the beach.
Look what I found on the dinner table.
Look what I found today at the supermarket.
Look what I found today.
Look what I found under the sofa.
Look what I found when I was cleaning out the garage.
Look what I found while cleaning.
Look what I found!
Look what I found, Ziri.
Look what I found.
Look what I got Tom for his birthday.
Look what I got for Tom.
Look what I got for you.
Look what I got you.
Look what I got.
Look what I have become.
Look what I have for you.
Look what I have!
Look what I made for Tom.
Look what I made for her.
Look what I made for him.
Look what I made for them.
Look what I made for you.
Look what I made.
Look what I've bought for Tom.
Look what I've bought for you.
Look what I've brought for you.
Look what I've brought you.
Look what I've found! A piece of amber!
Look what I've found.
Look what I've got.
Look what Sami found in the garden.
Look what Tom bought me.
Look what Tom did for me.
Look what Tom did.
Look what Tom found in the backyard.
Look what Tom found under the bed.
Look what Tom gave me.
Look what Tom got.
Look what Tom has done.
Look what Tom is doing.
Look what Tom left behind him.
Look what Tom made.
Look what Tom wrote on the wall.
Look what Yanni made me do.
Look what a long reach Tom has.
Look what a mess Tom has made.
Look what big eyes you have. You see far.
Look what can happen.
Look what happened to Tom.
Look what happened to her.
Look what happened to him.
Look what happened to me.
Look what happened to them.
Look what happened to us.
Look what happened.
Look what happens when I bend this branch too much.
Look what has happened.
Look what he gave me!
Look what it did to Tom.
Look what she brought me for my birthday!
Look what the baby's doing!
Look what the cat dragged in.
Look what the future holds for us.
Look what they're doing.
Look what we have here.
Look what we've done.
Look what we've found.
Look what you did to her.
Look what you did to him.
Look what you did.
Look what you made me do!
Look what you made me do.
Look what you've done to me.
Look what you've done!
Look what you've done.
Look what your mistakes have brought us!
Look what's going on.
Look what's happened.
Look where I am today.
Look where we are.
Look where you are going.
Look where you shoot.
Look where you're going.
Look which way she would, she saw how much had been done in the year that was past, and it was a pleasure to her to contemplate it.
Look who I married.
Look who beat you.
Look who is here!
Look who it is.
Look who's awake.
Look who's back.
Look who's coming.
Look who's here.
Look who's here. It's Mennad.
Look who's in there.
Look who's talking about good examples.
Look who's talking!
Look who's talking.
Look who's there.
Look who's up.
Look who's watching!
Look within. Within is the fountain of the good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Look you find.
Look — here's the hotel.
Look!
Look! A UFO!
Look! A baby centipede!
Look! A buffalo.
Look! A bunny!
Look! A cat.
Look! A falling star!
Look! A flying cockroach!
Look! A flying saucer!
Look! A four-leaf clover!
Look! A four-leafed clover!
Look! A giraffe!
Look! A kitty!
Look! A mockingbird!
Look! A vixen with her cubs!
Look! An abelia!
Look! An airplane!
Look! Candy floss is being sold.
Look! Here they come crossing the water.
Look! I managed to make a knot out of a cherry stem.
Look! I only bit this side, I'll give you the other.
Look! Isn't it beautiful beyond the hills?
Look! It's a UFO!
Look! It's a bald eagle.
Look! It's a truck-shipping truck shipping shipping trucks!
Look! It's snowing!
Look! It's snowing.
Look! Mushrooms!
Look! My girlfriend has blond hair and blue eyes.
Look! My name is in Google!
Look! My pants are not dirty like yours.
Look! She looks easy.
Look! She's come.
Look! She's coming!
Look! She’s coming!
Look! Spring is here!
Look! That kid is going to fall.
Look! That shop's just opened! Why not take a look?
Look! That shop’s just opened! Why not take a look?
Look! The airplane is taking off.
Look! The book is burning.
Look! The car is on fire!
Look! The cat's in the kitchen!
Look! The cat's in the kitchen.
Look! The train has arrived!
Look! The train is there!
Look! There goes a shooting star.
Look! There is a cat in the kitchen.
Look! There's a big icicle being created.
Look! There's a big icicle growing.
Look! There's a bird in that tree.
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen!
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen.
Look! There's a cat in this kitchen.
Look! There's a cat on the roof.
Look! There's a cockroach besides the fridge! Do something quick!
Look! There's a plane taking off.
Look! There's a shooting star.
Look! There's an article in the newspaper about the beer festival. The weather's supposed to have been nicer than it's been for years.
Look! There's an article in the newspaper about the beer festival. They say the weather was nicer than it's been for years.
Look! There’s a bird in that tree.
Look! There’s a cat in the kitchen.
Look! There’s a plane taking off.
Look! These are your brothers!
Look! They are leaving the house.
Look! They're selling Warabi. It must be harvesting season.
Look! They're selling candy floss.
Look! They're selling cotton candy.
Look! This is where I live.
Look! Tom's outside. What's he doing here?
Look! Two Latin books: an old book and a new book.
Look! Two boys are fighting.
Look! We've just missed the bus.
Look! We've missed the bus.
Look! We’ve missed the bus.
Look, Cookie's dreaming.
Look, Grandma!
Look, I already gave you all the help you asked for, and lots more that I was in no way obligated to provide. What more do you want from a guy?
Look, I already told you everything you need to know.
Look, I can explain this.
Look, I can explain.
Look, I can handle this.
Look, I can't do this.
Look, I can't explain it.
Look, I can't promise that that won't happen.
Look, I didn't come here to talk about work.
Look, I don't even think Tom will be here.
Look, I don't know what you're trying to get at, so just spit it out.
Look, I don't want any trouble.
Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Tom.
Look, I don't want to lose my job.
Look, I don't want to prolong this--you're fired.
Look, I don't want to talk about it.
Look, I don't want you to say anything.
Look, I got a flower tattoo here on my belly.
Look, I have to go.
Look, I just don't buy it.
Look, I know Tom is here somewhere.
Look, I know how you feel.
Look, I know that.
Look, I know what I saw.
Look, I know you're busy.
Look, I need this.
Look, I owe you an apology.
Look, I really like you.
Look, I really need some help.
Look, I really need your help.
Look, I really want to learn French.
Look, I said I was sorry.
Look, I said no!
Look, I told you Tom and Mary are friends of mine.
Look, I told you Tom is a friend of mine.
Look, I want to be straight about this.
Look, I want you to do me a favor.
Look, I want you to get me out of here.
Look, I'd better get back to work.
Look, I'll see you later.
Look, I'll show you.
Look, I'm a little busy.
Look, I'm begging you, please fuck me in the ass.
Look, I'm being serious.
Look, I'm extremely busy.
Look, I'm going to bed now.
Look, I'm not an expert.
Look, I'm not doing this.
Look, I'm not going to tell you again.
Look, I'm not interested.
Look, I'm really busy.
Look, I'm really not interested, OK?
Look, I'm really not interested.
Look, I'm really sorry about your mother.
Look, I'm really sorry, OK?
Look, I'm serious.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell you, but I forgot.
Look, I'm sorry that I didn't tell you, but I forgot.
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong.
Look, I'm telling you the truth.
Look, I'm trying to apologize.
Look, I've changed my mind.
Look, I've got enough problems. The last thing I need is yours.
Look, I've had a long day and I want to go to bed right now.
Look, I've just started taking this massive dump. So please give me 20 minutes.
Look, Luke, it's locked.
Look, Marie, do you know that man over there?
Look, Mary. From here, you can see the whole harbour.
Look, Mary. We can see the whole harbour from here.
Look, Mom, I'm on Tatoeba!
Look, Tom and Mary are holding hands! They're so cute!
Look, Tom is coming.
Look, Tom is on TV.
Look, Tom! Isn't that your friend over there?
Look, Tom! Isn't that your horse over there?
Look, Tom's horse is grazing over there.
Look, Tom, I can't talk to you right now.
Look, Tom, I just caught a fish!
Look, Tom, I know you gave it to Mary.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry I bothered you.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry I hurt you.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry I intruded.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry that I bothered you.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry that I hurt you.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry that I intruded.
Look, Tom, I'm tired of playing games.
Look, Tom, can I borrow some money?
Look, Tom, it's going to be OK.
Look, Tom, nobody needs to know about this.
Look, Tom, we don't have time for this.
Look, Tom, we have to move.
Look, Tom, you only get one shot at this, so you've got to do it right.
Look, Tom, you only get one shot at this, so you've gotta do it right.
Look, Tom. There are salted pickles!
Look, a Japanese apricot tree!
Look, a beautiful girl with some pretty flowers!
Look, a bus is arriving.
Look, a butterfly!
Look, a chamois!
Look, a dancing dog!
Look, a fairy!
Look, a halo around the sun.
Look, a jellyfish.
Look, a lowbush cranberry!
Look, a lunar halo!
Look, a mahogany!
Look, a mosquito.
Look, a pink acacia rose.
Look, a pink acacia.
Look, a rose acacia!
Look, a seal.
Look, a shooting star!
Look, a snake!
Look, a squirrel!
Look, a squirrel.
Look, a stoat!
Look, a tomato which grew up listening to Mozart!
Look, an acacia!
Look, an acacia.
Look, an acerola!
Look, an acokanthera!
Look, an adenium!
Look, an agave!
Look, an ailanthus!
Look, an apricot tree!
Look, are you going to help or not?
Look, at this particular moment in history, and perhaps at any moment in history, despair is not an option.
Look, boys, this sack is full of pears.
Look, calm down everyone and tell me: what happened?
Look, can you get to the point? I haven't got much time.
Look, can't we talk about it later?
Look, don't let anyone find us, we will end up being put to shame!
Look, don't start that again, OK?
Look, don't worry about Tom, OK?
Look, eat, listen, learn.
Look, he's approaching.
Look, he's coming.
Look, he's here after all!
Look, he's laughing his ass off while I'm sitting here in trouble.
Look, here comes your mother.
Look, here comes your train.
Look, here is my bike.
Look, here's the hotel.
Look, honey. You can't do that!
Look, if it makes you feel better to blame me go right ahead.
Look, if push comes to shove I have no doubt she'll pull rank on you to get her way.
Look, if push comes to shove I have no doubt she’ll pull rank on you to get her way.
Look, if you change your mind, come see us.
Look, if you still want to go, I won't stop you.
Look, it can't hurt to talk to Tom about this, can it?
Look, it is there on the table.
Look, it's a lemonade stand!
Look, it's a save point! You know you want it!
Look, it's a snowstorm!
Look, it's hopeless.
Look, it's me!
Look, it's my problem.
Look, it's snow!
Look, it's snowing!
Look, it's so pretty!
Look, it's stopped raining.
Look, it's the North Star.
Look, it's the Pole Star!
Look, it's the plane from Urumqi.
Look, it's very easy to fall down now if you're not careful.
Look, just call me.
Look, let me try this again.
Look, let's just leave?
Look, let's just take the hit and count our losses.
Look, little children, remember, dears, what you learn here. Say again and again: kometz aleph, O!
Look, look at that shark, which has followed us all night - why it is only waiting for you to get into the water to swallow you.
Look, look!
Look, look! On the branch of the orange tree, there is a blue hermit crab!
Look, mate, stop waving your hands about.
Look, my dog is not as dirty as yours.
Look, my house is cleaner than yours.
Look, my house is not as dirty as yours.
Look, my pants are not as dirty as yours.
Look, no one's pointing a gun to your head. You don't have to go if you don't want to.
Look, nothing's wrong with her.
Look, she doesn't want to see you. Get that through your head.
Look, she's coming.
Look, she's fine.
Look, shouted her pointing to a corner of the hall, there she is standing up.
Look, someone is calling you.
Look, something new.
Look, that young girl is being chased by the old man.
Look, that's the strangest group of prisoners I've ever seen.
Look, the Lamb of God; look at him who carries the sin of the world.
Look, the asshole has arrived.
Look, the asshole is here.
Look, the barn is on fire!
Look, the boys are walking barefoot in the water.
Look, the cassette goes into the cassette player and the cartridge goes into the game console. It's not hard.
Look, the sky is clear today.
Look, the snake!
Look, there goes a meteor.
Look, there he is.
Look, there is a nest of pigeons in this tree.
Look, there's Thomas's jacket. How did it get here?
Look, there's Tom.
Look, there's a cafe here. Was it here before?
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
Look, there's a cat on the roof.
Look, there's a cat on top of the roof.
Look, there's a macaque!
Look, there's a rabbit!
Look, there's a rainbow outside your window!
Look, there's a whale breaching off the starboard bow!
Look, there's a zebra waiting at the zebra crossing!
Look, there's my friend.
Look, there's my mom.
Look, there's my mother.
Look, there's nothing I can do.
Look, there's the old man coming back.
Look, there's your cap on the table!
Look, there’s a cat in the kitchen.
Look, there’s a whale breaching off the starboard bow!
Look, they say listening to Mozart makes tomatoes grow.
Look, they're coming.
Look, they're my socks. You don't need to sort them or mate them, just hand them to me fresh out of the dryer and I'll do the rest. Even if they just stay in a little pile on my dresser, at least I'd have socks to wear!
Look, this is a true story.
Look, this is my business card.
Look, this is not that big of a deal.
Look, this isn't that big of a deal.
Look, this man is an abbot.
Look, time goes on and on while we're doing this.
Look, today was 'sea harvest' so let's go forage for edible plants tomorrow!
Look, today was ’sea harvest’ so let’s go forage for edible plants tomorrow!
Look, tomatoes which grew up listening to Mozart!
Look, we must be careful.
Look, we want Syria to succeed. It's been a mess for 10 years and much longer than that.
Look, we're safe enough for the moment.
Look, we're wasting time.
Look, what I found!
Look, what a beautiful lizard!
Look, what a beautiful moon!
Look, what a nice team!
Look, what an amazing coincidence! Tom has the same fingerprints as me.
Look, what an incredible coincidence! Tom has the same fingerprints as me.
Look, what exactly is this about?
Look, what we have to worry about is what we're going to do about Tom.
Look, what's this all about?
Look, where Tom is.
Look, will-o'-the-wisps!
Look, you can always stay here.
Look, you can't buy this anywhere else.
Look, you can't just walk into my house.
Look, you can't wing the test and expect to ace it, Tom.
Look, you just can't walk in here.
Look, you need to calm down.
Look, you'll find it.
Look, you're crying again. You're a real cry-baby, aren't you.
Look, you've got to help me.
Look, you've got to help.
Look, you've got to trust me.
Look, your shoelaces have come undone.
Look.
Look. My house is cleaner than yours.
Look. There's a cat sitting in the window.
Look. There's a cat sitting on the roof.
Look. There's a plum tree.
Look. There's someone coming. He may be the contact person.
Look. This is natto.
Lookie here. I found a big bag of weed in my brother's room.
Looking and seeing are two different things.
Looking around the boat was already quite far out in the open sea.
Looking as if she saw him not, she put his arm aside, and requested that of Captain Craigengelt, who stood by the coach with his laced hat under his arm.
Looking at a map of the Laniakea Supercluster and knowing where we are inside it, you will think that this universe is unimaginably huge.
Looking at his email address, would you say he's American?
Looking at his email address, would you say he’s American?
Looking at his face, you could tell that he was annoyed.
Looking at my artwork generated by Midjourney AI and Bing AI, I would say that often, irreality looks better than reality.
Looking at nature has a calming effect.
Looking at situations from another side is allowed.
Looking at that graphic, one can tell extremely easily that we are following an exponential growth.
Looking at the color red can make your heart rate go up.
Looking at the familiar street in front of me, I said softly, "I'm back."
Looking at the pile of laundry, I sighed.
Looking at the sky gives me an amazing feeling of peace and well-being.
Looking at this hat what comes to your mind?
Looking at us from the outside, it seems we've nothing in common.
Looking at you is too painful.
Looking at you, I understand that nature has a sense of humor.
Looking at your Facebook friends' photos is a waste of time.
Looking at your Facebook friends’ photos is a waste of time.
Looking at your eyes, I thought you must have been smoking crack, but then I realized you were an anime character.
Looking at your phone as you're walking down stairs isn't a good idea.
Looking back all the time can lead to stumbling.
Looking back at 2010, I think I wasted too much time.
Looking back at the former wise rulers and nations, their success was achieved through diligence and frugality, while their downfall was caused by extravagance and luxury.
Looking back at your childhood, what do you remember as your first reading experiences?
Looking back on our college days, it seems as if they were a century ago.
Looking back, I have many good memories.
Looking back, it was a life full of lies.
Looking closer at the photos, I could tell that the weasel was an American marten by the light color of the fur on its throat.
Looking directly at the sun without adequate eye protection can very seriously damage the eyes or even cause blindness.
Looking down, we saw a concrete jungle.
Looking for a midnight snack?
Looking for an excellent British school in Dubai? Our schools offer a world-class education based on the National Curriculum of England and Wales. We provide a safe, stimulating learning environment combined with outstanding teaching from highly qualified teachers. Discover the difference today.
Looking for his house, I walked about for over an hour.
Looking for scapegoats is the easiest kind of hunting.
Looking for somebody sincere, open-minded, thoughtful.
Looking for something?
Looking for the first time for the possibility to find a sentence by its number, I was a bit confused. But soon I realized: I first have to click on a single sentence, then I see the search bar on the upper right side of the screen.
Looking for treasure in the sandpit, the children did in fact find something: a one-Euro coin.
Looking forward to things is half the pleasure of them.
Looking from outside, the whole Earth may still be like Papua New Guinea, or PNG for short. My fatherland the Philippines obliquely retains its primitive innocence. It is really too bad that literature in indigenous languages there is still scarce. A trip to a bookstore in the Philippines reveals many books in English, but a mere small section in Tagalog. People speak an indigenous language ordinarily, every day, but when they read or write, it is often English. But texting on cellphones and smartphones and in Social Media may often be abbreviated Taglish code-switching. Many Filipinos prefer television, cinema, or videos in an indigenous language, rather than read English, which to them is still foreign cold. Maybe, Roman letters are too rigid for their Asian eyes, unlike the ancient Baybayin script, which nowadays people relegate to tattoos and patriotic T-shirts. Filipino culture is highly aural-oral, today. Today, Japanese anime, Korean dramas, American shows, and so on are dubbed in Tagalog in the Philippines, more so than when I lived there decades ago.
Looking from the stern towards the bow, starboard is the right-hand side of a ship. The left-hand side is port.
Looking good!
Looking good.
Looking into the room, I found nobody there.
Looking into the sun is really painful for the eyes.
Looking is free.
Looking like an angel is easier than being one.
Looking more closely at the tie pin, I realised that it had six legs and was moving.
Looking out of the window, I saw a man standing near the door.
Looking out of the window, I saw a rainbow.
Looking out of the window, I saw a stranger at the doorstep.
Looking out the window, I saw a car coming.
Looking outside, I noticed that it was starting to rain.
Looking sharp is easy when you haven't done any work.
Looking through family photographs at his home in Leeds, England, Gordon Bonner, 86, said he was lost in a “hinterland of despair and desolation.”
Looking through the dirty window of a train carriage, I saw the face of a girl I knew well.
Looking through the window I could see her walking feebly along the other side while her pursuer dogged her some little distance behind.
Looking through the window and seeing a crowd of parents in the schoolyard, the director got worried.
Looking to the past, Diamandis saw that cash prizes often spurred those breakthroughs. For example, in 1927, the American aviator Charles Lindbergh made the world's first non-stop solo flight from New York to Paris, motivated at least in part by the $25,000 prize offered by Raymond Orteig, a wealthy French American hotelier.
Looking toward the future, Arndt Anderson hopes more Americans will view leftovers as a breakfast food, which in addition to being tasty, is a great way to minimize waste.
Looking up from the bed, he thanked me for helping him.
Looking up, I saw him come in.
Looks are everything.
Looks are important.
Looks are not everything.
Looks aren't everything.
Looks aren't important to me.
Looks aren’t everything.
Looks as if a storm is coming.
Looks as if she's going to win a prize.
Looks as if she's going to win an award.
Looks as if we're the only ones here today.
Looks as if your dog's thirsty.
Looks aside, she is very good-natured.
Looks can be deceiving.
Looks can be deceptive.
Looks can be very deceiving.
Looks deceive.
Looks delicious. Think I'll try some.
Looks delicious. Think I’ll try some.
Looks good to me.
Looks like Esther's back on her bullshit.
Looks like I got a good number.
Looks like I made a lot of mistakes.
Looks like I messed up.
Looks like I might have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
Looks like I overdid it on the shopping.
Looks like I qualify to apply to be an advanced contributor now.
Looks like I ran someone over.
Looks like I will become a dad.
Looks like I'm much more prone to making that mistake than I thought!
Looks like I’ll have a rough day.
Looks like Latin, but it is not.
Looks like Mary will be getting married next month.
Looks like Mennad can be in two places at the same time.
Looks like Roberto Sanchez's desk number was 216 (two hundred and sixteen).
Looks like Tom became sick from eating the spoiled food.
Looks like Tom is bad at multiplication.
Looks like Ziri's math tutoring is beginning to pay off. Rima got the best mark.
Looks like a fine day today.
Looks like a storm is brewing.
Looks like a tackle box.
Looks like another nice day.
Looks like autumn is here.
Looks like bringing gloves along was a good idea.
Looks like everyone can reply in English so quickly. Ah, or maybe I'm just too slow.
Looks like he forgot to take out the trash.
Looks like her mom.
Looks like his mom.
Looks like it ended once and for all.
Looks like it has another meaning.
Looks like it was a good show.
Looks like it will snow tomorrow.
Looks like it's abandoned.
Looks like it's autumn.
Looks like it's going to rain.
Looks like it's not that easy, huh?
Looks like it's snowing, eh?
Looks like its gonna be a long old day.
Looks like it’s not that easy, huh?
Looks like it’s snowing, eh?
Looks like it’s your lucky day.
Looks like my antivirus software is useless.
Looks like no one's home.
Looks like rain is about to fall down on us.
Looks like she broke her promise.
Looks like she's still there.
Looks like someone has been finger painting with shit in the toilet.
Looks like someone threw up their guts all over the walls.
Looks like sunshine today. The garden calls!
Looks like that tree is going to fall down!
Looks like that's a pretty big museum.
Looks like that’s a pretty big museum.
Looks like the Japanese maple is finally branching.
Looks like the TV isn't working.
Looks like the cottage cheese has gone bad.
Looks like the program didn't shut down properly.
Looks like the same thing will happen to you over and over again, unless you change the way you do things.
Looks like the transmission belt broke.
Looks like the weather is changing.
Looks like the weather's going to be bad tomorrow.
Looks like the weather's gotten worse, eh?
Looks like there is another meaning.
Looks like there's a storm coming in.
Looks like these so-called painters can't paint anything.
Looks like they're coming.
Looks like things worked out tonight huh?
Looks like today will be a long day.
Looks like we are having issues with our servers! Try refreshing in a few minutes. You can still Download Scratch and make projects.
Looks like we barked up the wrong tree.
Looks like we both had the same idea.
Looks like we have a new student.
Looks like we're fucked.
Looks like we're going to Algeria.
Looks like we're still a ways away from our destination.
Looks like we've got some pantry moths.
Looks like work's been tough. Be sure to take care of yourself.
Looks like you didn't study much for the test.
Looks like you didn’t study much for the test.
Looks like you got a copyright strike.
Looks like you got caught in a little rainstorm.
Looks like you missed your Spanish lesson again. You know what happens now!
Looks like you underestimated me.
Looks like you're happy.
Looks like you're the recipient of the shipment but who is the sender?
Looks really nice.
Looks, brains, reflexes, rich family and, for good measure, vice president of the student committee - in other words he's 'perfect'.
Looks, brains, reflexes, rich family and, for good measure, vice president of the student committee - in other words he’s ’perfect’.
Loose jackets are the latest fad.
Loose lips sink ships.
Loosen it.
Loosen the bandage a little.
Loosen the bottle cap to prevent pressure buildup.
Loosen the screw.
Loosen the screws and remove the lamp cover.
Loosen up a bit, life is too short.
Loosen up on the gas pedal. You're driving too fast.
Loosen up, Tom.
Loosen up, Tom. We're just having a little fun.
Loosen up.
Loosen your tie and relax.
Loosen your tie, rest in your chair.
Loosen your tie.
Looters stole ancient artifacts from the tomb.
Looting, raping, and plundering are common during wartime.
Lopes worries about his mother, who lives in Boston and lacks health insurance.
Lopez said people do not realize what is happening in their own backyard. She calls the exploitative work that robs children of their childhood unacceptable and said it must stop. She said children are the future and if people fail to protect the world's children, then there is little hope for the future.
Lopez went into the kitchen for a carton of milk.
Lopotko said the light beam used by this rapid, non-invasive technology is less powerful than the familiar laser pointer and has been shown to be safe in volunteers.
Loquat leaves are used medicinally.
Loquat leaves are used to make tea.
Loquat trees grow in Algeria.
Loquats are a common fruit in northern Algeria.
Loquats are commercially cultivated.
Loquats are cultivated in Asian countries and North Africa.
Loquats are different from pears.
Loquats are popular in both China and Japan.
Loquats are refreshing to eat.
Loquats are refreshing.
Loquats are smaller than apples.
Loquats can take up to seven years to fruit if you grow them from seed.
Loquats have a sedative effect.
Loquats have a succulent flesh.
Loquats look a little bit like pears.
Loquats lower blood pressure.
Loquats lower the risk of cancer.
Lord Ashburton accepted the compromise.
Lord Ashburton had an American wife.
Lord Carnarvon died after being bit by a mosquito. This led to the legend of the "Curse of Tutankhamun", also known as the "Curse of the Mummy."
Lord Carnarvon financed the excavation of Tutankhamun's tomb.
Lord Carnarvon was an amateur Egyptologist.
Lord Jesus Christ in heaven, please protect me.
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
Lord Juss sat in the high seat midmost of the dais, with Goldry on his right in the seat of black opal, and on his left Spitfire, throned on the alexandrite. On the dais sat likewise those other lords of Demonland, and the guests of lower degree thronged the benches and the polished tables as the wide doors opened on their silver hinges, and the Ambassador with pomp and ceremony paced up the shining floor of marble and green tourmaline.
Lord Nelson suffered greatly from seasickness all his life, even as a famous admiral.
Lord admits that on the outset, judging from the two men’s backgrounds, one might wonder how they could become the best of friends.
Lord have mercy!
Lord help me.
Lord love a duck!
Lord! I object.
Lord, I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing.
Lord, by the stripes which wounded Thee, From death’s dread sting Thy servants free, That we may live, and sing to Thee: Alleluia!
Lord, forgive me.
Lord, grant me the strength to change the things that I can change, the serenity to endure the inevitable, and the wisdom to correctly distinguish between the two.
Lord, guard and guide us today!
Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is epileptic, and suffereth grievously; for oft-times he falleth into the fire, and off-times into the water.
Lord, have mercy!
Lord, just tell me, is it wrong to want to die?
Lord, open their eyes.
Lord, saith he, be not angry, I beseech thee, if I speak: What if thirty shall be found there? He answered: I will not do it, if I find thirty there.
Lord, show me the right way.
Lord: forgive me, help me, allow me to do useful things for the world.
Lordy, lordy, look who's forty!
Lorenzo accidentally set himself on fire.
Lorenzo accompanied Rima to the mosque.
Lorenzo accomplished his goal for sure.
Lorenzo acted offended by Melissa's accusation.
Lorenzo acted shocked.
Lorenzo already has a plan.
Lorenzo always came with his son.
Lorenzo always enjoyed listening to storms.
Lorenzo always knows how to make Melissa laugh.
Lorenzo always wanted to try the Ouija board out.
Lorenzo anbd Melissa were the only kids on the entire block.
Lorenzo and Melissa are both Roman Catholic.
Lorenzo and Melissa both looked at each other.
Lorenzo and Melissa both looked in that direction.
Lorenzo and Melissa had to terminate their relationship.
Lorenzo and Melissa looked at each other, wondering what to do.
Lorenzo and Melissa looked each other in the eyes.
Lorenzo and Melissa went into their respective tents.
Lorenzo and Melissa were hugging each other.
Lorenzo and Melissa were messing around with each other.
Lorenzo and Melissa were sharing an apartment.
Lorenzo and Rima discussed Walid’s relationship with Skura.
Lorenzo and Walid were close friends.
Lorenzo and Walid were wearing the same thing.
Lorenzo and his friends played a great game of manhunt.
Lorenzo and his friends played with the Ouija board.
Lorenzo and his friends took turns sleeping.
Lorenzo angered whatever presence was in his mansion.
Lorenzo apologized that he couldn't help Melissa out.
Lorenzo apologized through the door.
Lorenzo appeared out of the tree line with his German Shepherd.
Lorenzo appears in a post-credit scene.
Lorenzo approached the edge of the water.
Lorenzo approached the exit.
Lorenzo approached the rest stop.
Lorenzo asked Melissa how old she was.
Lorenzo asked Melissa if she had heard that.
Lorenzo asked Melissa if she knew the man.
Lorenzo asked Melissa if she needed help.
Lorenzo asked Melissa some personal questions about her family.
Lorenzo asked Melissa which way her room was.
Lorenzo asked Melissa who she was there with.
Lorenzo asked about Rima’s biological father.
Lorenzo asked if he could help.
Lorenzo asked the Ouija board stupid questions.
Lorenzo asked the Ouija board when he would die.
Lorenzo asked the assistance vehicle driver if he could see his ID.
Lorenzo asked to use the telephone.
Lorenzo asked where Melissa was from.
Lorenzo associated that noise with the thunder.
Lorenzo assumed the man was homeless.
Lorenzo assured Melissa that he was OK.
Lorenzo attended therapy with Rima.
Lorenzo avoids rest stops whenever he travels.
Lorenzo barged through the gate.
Lorenzo became a very worrisome man in his old age.
Lorenzo became possessed.
Lorenzo began playing with the Ouija board.
Lorenzo began to consider leaving Morocco.
Lorenzo began walking over to Melissa's truck.
Lorenzo begged Melissa to stop.
Lorenzo bled out.
Lorenzo bought Melissa two different perfumes.
Lorenzo bought an inflatable pool.
Lorenzo broke his lease and moved out of the apartment.
Lorenzo broke into Melissa's garage and possibly robbed her.
Lorenzo brought Melissa down to her uncle's house to stay for the weekend.
Lorenzo brought Melissa to her room, changed her and took her out.
Lorenzo brought his equipment.
Lorenzo brought some firecrackers.
Lorenzo brushed his teeth before jumping into the hotel bed.
Lorenzo burnt the Ouija board and nothing weird happened after that.
Lorenzo burnt the Ouija board.
Lorenzo burst out of the bed and opened the door.
Lorenzo called 911 successfully.
Lorenzo came back again.
Lorenzo came back to his senses.
Lorenzo came for the session.
Lorenzo came in early April.
Lorenzo came in with a freaked out face.
Lorenzo came on a weekend.
Lorenzo came out from the woods.
Lorenzo came to Rima’s birthday party.
Lorenzo came to a small room with a closet.
Lorenzo came to his therapy session.
Lorenzo came to look what was making that noise.
Lorenzo came to sit next to Melissa when he saw her.
Lorenzo can see through the peephole.
Lorenzo can visit Rima.
Lorenzo can't explain that away.
Lorenzo can't remember how much time passed.
Lorenzo can’t believe what he just heard.
Lorenzo cautiously entered the house.
Lorenzo chased Melissa in his pickup truck.
Lorenzo chased Melissa into the woods.
Lorenzo checked his phone and it was five in the morning.
Lorenzo checked in at five o'clock.
Lorenzo checked the crawlspace.
Lorenzo checked the peephole again.
Lorenzo checked the surveillance footage.
Lorenzo checked the window again.
Lorenzo choked up for words.
Lorenzo chose to go left.
Lorenzo claimed he was offered a hefty sum of money to kill Al Capone of all people.
Lorenzo clearly lacked the ability to hold any sort of conversation.
Lorenzo climbed the stairs, looking for a good hiding spot.
Lorenzo climbed up and down several small hills.
Lorenzo collapsed to the floor.
Lorenzo comes from an abusive household.
Lorenzo commonly did that.
Lorenzo completed his move with his family.
Lorenzo completely ignored everything Melissa said.
Lorenzo continued approaching Melissa.
Lorenzo continued down the river.
Lorenzo continued his drive home.
Lorenzo continued his homework.
Lorenzo continued pedalling all the way to Melissa's house.
Lorenzo continued to drive past Melissa every ten to fifteen minutes.
Lorenzo continued to kayak down the creek.
Lorenzo cooked breakfast.
Lorenzo could have overpowered Melissa.
Lorenzo could read and write Berber.
Lorenzo couldn't even see Melissa's face.
Lorenzo couldn't even see Melissa.
Lorenzo couldn't shake the feeling that he wasn't alone.
Lorenzo couldn't wait anymore.
Lorenzo cracked the door open just slightly.
Lorenzo crashed the experimental plane.
Lorenzo crawled to the edge of the bed.
Lorenzo crept over to the kids' room and listened.
Lorenzo crouched down and waited.
Lorenzo decided to come over to Melissa's house.
Lorenzo decided to fake-call the cops.
Lorenzo decided to head home.
Lorenzo decided to investigate.
Lorenzo decided to just leave right away.
Lorenzo decided to play with the old Ouija board he found in the basement.
Lorenzo decided to purchase a Ouija board.
Lorenzo decided to put on a fire in the old dusty fireplace.
Lorenzo decided to take a detour.
Lorenzo decided to take his girlfriend to see the mountainous nature of Kabylie.
Lorenzo definitely looked creepy as hell.
Lorenzo delivered pizzas for five years.
Lorenzo demanded to know where Melissa had been.
Lorenzo did a lot of camping and exploring.
Lorenzo did something bad on Rima’s birthday.
Lorenzo did something really stupid.
Lorenzo didn't ask any questions and continued to comply.
Lorenzo didn't feel safe sleeping there that night.
Lorenzo didn't have a desk in his room.
Lorenzo didn't have to turn on any lights to see where he was going.
Lorenzo didn't know how to deal with the intruder.
Lorenzo didn't know if Melissa was armed.
Lorenzo didn't live there anymore.
Lorenzo didn't mean harm and was just trying to help.
Lorenzo didn't see Melissa until the last second.
Lorenzo didn't see his brother.
Lorenzo didn't see his mom anywhere.
Lorenzo didn't tell anybody about it.
Lorenzo didn't tell anyone about the incident out of embarrassment.
Lorenzo didn't try to overpower that man.
Lorenzo didn't want to go down there.
Lorenzo didn’t blame Rima for what she did.
Lorenzo didn’t find his sister’s missing body.
Lorenzo didn’t get discouraged.
Lorenzo disappeared behind the garage.
Lorenzo disposed of the Ouija board.
Lorenzo doesn't have closeby neighbors.
Lorenzo doesn't know what the robber took.
Lorenzo doesn't really believe in any of that stuff.
Lorenzo doesn't talk to Melissa that much at all.
Lorenzo doesn’t want to see the video anymore.
Lorenzo double checked to make sure that the doors were locked.
Lorenzo dove as fast as he could out of the way.
Lorenzo dove to turn on the lamp.
Lorenzo dove to turn on the light again.
Lorenzo drank and went crazy.
Lorenzo drove Melissa to the next rest stop.
Lorenzo drove down the hill.
Lorenzo drove for the next five hours.
Lorenzo drove off immediately.
Lorenzo drove past Melissa.
Lorenzo drove straight home.
Lorenzo drove straight towards the mosque.
Lorenzo drove to Algiers to drop off the load.
Lorenzo drove until Melissa told him to stop.
Lorenzo drove up to the mountains.
Lorenzo dug the Ouija board out of his closet.
Lorenzo emptied his trailer.
Lorenzo ended up driving to the motel.
Lorenzo enjoyed learning Berber.
Lorenzo entered his tent.
Lorenzo entered the Marines.
Lorenzo entered the woods and walked for a while.
Lorenzo entered the woods.
Lorenzo examined the room again.
Lorenzo experienced strange occurrences.
Lorenzo explored abandoned places at night.
Lorenzo faced an aggressive opponent.
Lorenzo farted in the bath.
Lorenzo fell asleep on his shift.
Lorenzo felt a mixture of feelings in his stomach.
Lorenzo felt alone and awkward.
Lorenzo felt bad.
Lorenzo felt guilty about what happened.
Lorenzo felt like he was becoming light-headed.
Lorenzo felt like he was in a horror movie scenario.
Lorenzo felt like his heart stopped when he saw Melissa in the hallway.
Lorenzo felt like something sinister was watching him from the shadows.
Lorenzo felt safer as he was in the tent with his friends.
Lorenzo felt so alone and awkward.
Lorenzo felt weird and uncomfortable.
Lorenzo finally got out of bed.
Lorenzo finally made it home.
Lorenzo finished his fourth beer.
Lorenzo finished university in Algeria.
Lorenzo flagged down a truck.
Lorenzo flew the experimental plane himself.
Lorenzo flicked on the light and saw Melissa.
Lorenzo flipped from his side to his back.
Lorenzo floored his car down the street.
Lorenzo followed the path to the nearest highway.
Lorenzo found Melissa in the truck.
Lorenzo found a bunch of ripped up boxes around the Christmas tree.
Lorenzo found a shovel by the tree.
Lorenzo found a wooden ladder in the woods.
Lorenzo found beer bottles scattered all around the area.
Lorenzo found out how Melissa got in.
Lorenzo found out how the intruder broke in.
Lorenzo found out who the intruder was.
Lorenzo found some other friends on the beach.
Lorenzo found something truly terrific.
Lorenzo gained a black belt in taekwondo.
Lorenzo gave Melissa a dirty look.
Lorenzo gave Melissa an evil hateful stare before being taken away to the police car.
Lorenzo gave Melissa's son a laser pointer toy.
Lorenzo gave Rima a massage.
Lorenzo gave himself a couple minutes to calm down.
Lorenzo gave the cops Melissa's information.
Lorenzo gave the knife to Rima.
Lorenzo gave the police the license plate of the semi.
Lorenzo glanced around his dark room.
Lorenzo glanced over and Melissa smiled at him.
Lorenzo glanced up high into the sky.
Lorenzo got Melissa out of there.
Lorenzo got back on his feet.
Lorenzo got back to his game.
Lorenzo got back to his house.
Lorenzo got back to his seat.
Lorenzo got closer to Melissa.
Lorenzo got in his car and drove off.
Lorenzo got inside the bathroom.
Lorenzo got inside the cabin.
Lorenzo got into an accident after avoiding a man on the road.
Lorenzo got no response.
Lorenzo got out to speak to Melissa.
Lorenzo got stabbed by Rima.
Lorenzo got the key to the arcade.
Lorenzo got to the path.
Lorenzo got up and hurried out.
Lorenzo got up and left.
Lorenzo got up and ran.
Lorenzo got up to get something out of the fridge.
Lorenzo grabbed a big stone from in front of him and struck that guy in the face.
Lorenzo grabbed a leash to walk his German Shepherd in the woods.
Lorenzo grabbed his car keys.
Lorenzo grabbed his radio and contacted a fellow trucker.
Lorenzo greatly romanticized his trip to Algeria.
Lorenzo greeted Melissa at the door.
Lorenzo grip was starting to hurt Melissa.
Lorenzo had Melissa on his team.
Lorenzo had a beer in his hand.
Lorenzo had a fairly dark complexion.
Lorenzo had a gun pointed at his head.
Lorenzo had a long grey unkempt beard.
Lorenzo had a major appetite for women.
Lorenzo had a place in Algiers.
Lorenzo had a small square room.
Lorenzo had a very dirty car.
Lorenzo had a vintage Ouija board.
Lorenzo had fun in the woods.
Lorenzo had glasses and a white moustache.
Lorenzo had never believed in the supernatural until this happened.
Lorenzo had no choice but to follow Melissa's orders.
Lorenzo had no idea how that light could have turned on.
Lorenzo had no plans.
Lorenzo had no reason to suspect anything paranormal.
Lorenzo had no weapons to defend himself.
Lorenzo had nothing to do for the night.
Lorenzo had the Ouija board in his closet.
Lorenzo had to check the yard just for peace of mind.
Lorenzo had to go to the bathroom.
Lorenzo had to grab his German Shepherd before he lashed out at Melissa.
Lorenzo had to stay in a motel.
Lorenzo had to use the bathroom again.
Lorenzo had trouble socializing with people.
Lorenzo had zero Berber knowledge.
Lorenzo handed Melissa a beer which he nervously accepted.
Lorenzo has a barn for his horses.
Lorenzo has a broken dishwasher.
Lorenzo has already been through so much.
Lorenzo has always been intrigued by the idea of Ouija boards.
Lorenzo has been OK.
Lorenzo has finally found the love of his life.
Lorenzo has got a job offer in Algeria.
Lorenzo has made the decision to learn Berber.
Lorenzo has moved into the home.
Lorenzo has never gone in there.
Lorenzo has no idea how the intruder broke in.
Lorenzo has to do it by 4 pm.
Lorenzo hasn't seen anything strange since.
Lorenzo hated all of Rima’s boyfriends.
Lorenzo hated graveyard hours.
Lorenzo headed down the steep bank.
Lorenzo headed out to the hot spring.
Lorenzo headed to a rest stop.
Lorenzo headed to the stall directly next to mine.
Lorenzo heard Melissa's muffled voice coming from the dining room.
Lorenzo heard Melissa's voice call his name from behind.
Lorenzo heard a click and then a bang.
Lorenzo heard a door slamming shut downstairs.
Lorenzo heard a horrifying gut-wrenching scream.
Lorenzo heard a huge boom and a roar of cheering.
Lorenzo heard a man's voice trying to sound like a woman.
Lorenzo heard a noise coming from upstairs.
Lorenzo heard a suspicious sound.
Lorenzo heard a voice coming from downstairs.
Lorenzo heard creaking sounds.
Lorenzo heard footsteps and a thud.
Lorenzo heard footsteps approach the tent.
Lorenzo heard footsteps coming upstairs.
Lorenzo heard footsteps upstairs.
Lorenzo heard loud knocking on his front door.
Lorenzo heard raspy breathing behind him.
Lorenzo heard some singing inside the church.
Lorenzo heard some sort of metallic thud coming from the outside.
Lorenzo heard some weird noises here and there.
Lorenzo heard stomps from upstairs.
Lorenzo heard tapping on the window.
Lorenzo heard the footsteps quickly hurry away.
Lorenzo heard the gate closing.
Lorenzo heard the laughter again.
Lorenzo heard the light flick on.
Lorenzo heard the restroom door open.
Lorenzo heard the snap of a stick in the woods.
Lorenzo heard what sounded like an old woman's voice.
Lorenzo helped Melissa to break out of her shell.
Lorenzo hid behind the hill.
Lorenzo hid first.
Lorenzo hid there for fifteen minutes and there was still no sigh of his seekers.
Lorenzo hoped that Melissa would go away.
Lorenzo immediately awoke and started crying.
Lorenzo immediately bought the property.
Lorenzo improved his resume.
Lorenzo increased the volume on his headset.
Lorenzo introduced himself.
Lorenzo invited Rima to therapy.
Lorenzo is Melissa's youngest sibling.
Lorenzo is a very reserved person.
Lorenzo is abandoned here in Algiers.
Lorenzo is against the idea of stabbing Rima.
Lorenzo is already a parent.
Lorenzo is also fourteen.
Lorenzo is always very conscious and alert.
Lorenzo is coming with child protective services.
Lorenzo is eating peanuts in the car.
Lorenzo is going to be a freshman in college this September.
Lorenzo is gonna call the cops.
Lorenzo is having some problems with his wife.
Lorenzo is incompetent and lazy.
Lorenzo is just interested in Berber.
Lorenzo is learning Berber the fastest.
Lorenzo is making progress in Berber.
Lorenzo is never touching a Ouija board again.
Lorenzo is not far from Melissa's house.
Lorenzo is one of Lorenzo's cousins.
Lorenzo is only fourteen years old.
Lorenzo is still hiding in there.
Lorenzo is the guy who spoke to Melissa earlier.
Lorenzo is the next to drive.
Lorenzo is trying to save money on plane tickets.
Lorenzo isn’t interested.
Lorenzo joined a religious group.
Lorenzo joined the Air Force.
Lorenzo jumped across his bed to flick on the lamp.
Lorenzo jumped in reaction.
Lorenzo jumped into the pool in his underwear.
Lorenzo jumped out the window, empaling himself on the fence.
Lorenzo jumped to help that woman.
Lorenzo just quit.
Lorenzo just sat there, outside, on the porch.
Lorenzo just walked away.
Lorenzo kayaked down that creek several times.
Lorenzo kept asking the Ouija board questions.
Lorenzo kept following the river.
Lorenzo kept knocking on the door.
Lorenzo kept the walking stick with him till the day he died.
Lorenzo kicked the door open.
Lorenzo kicked the door to the abandoned house open.
Lorenzo kicked the man's ass.
Lorenzo kind of enjoyed it.
Lorenzo kindly refused.
Lorenzo knew Melissa somehow.
Lorenzo knew something was going to happen.
Lorenzo knew that he heard what he heard.
Lorenzo knew that was no coincidence.
Lorenzo left Algeria feeling like a failure.
Lorenzo left Melissa by herself in the rain.
Lorenzo left his bike there.
Lorenzo left in a hurry.
Lorenzo left the Ouija board and the candles behind.
Lorenzo left the room to call the cops.
Lorenzo left the woods safely.
Lorenzo left to his truck and drove away.
Lorenzo left without even saying goodbye to Rima.
Lorenzo let Melissa know that it was time to go.
Lorenzo let Melissa use his phone to call the cops.
Lorenzo let loose his grip.
Lorenzo let out a nervous laugh.
Lorenzo let the cops in.
Lorenzo let the kids have their fun so long they weren't breaking anything.
Lorenzo let the kids sleep with him.
Lorenzo lifted the blind and saw Melissa.
Lorenzo liked to do things by himself.
Lorenzo listened to Algerian music.
Lorenzo lit up the firecrackers.
Lorenzo lives alone in a rural town in Algeria.
Lorenzo lives in a calm suburban neighborhood.
Lorenzo lives in a lower income area.
Lorenzo lives in a very nice neighborhood.
Lorenzo lives in a very quiet town in Algeria.
Lorenzo lives in an area with a lot of vacant houses.
Lorenzo looked at Melissa and smiled.
Lorenzo looked at us with no expression on his face.
Lorenzo looked at us with the most unwelcoming glare.
Lorenzo looked away from the window and saw Melissa crying.
Lorenzo looked down at the crack under the hall.
Lorenzo looked into the dark bathroom.
Lorenzo looked like a hunter.
Lorenzo loved the fall season.
Lorenzo made a disturbing discovery.
Lorenzo made another weird face.
Lorenzo made his way into the woods.
Lorenzo made his way to the back of the trailer.
Lorenzo made it into safety.
Lorenzo made matters much worse.
Lorenzo made some friends at the resort.
Lorenzo managed to fall asleep out of pure exhaustion.
Lorenzo memorized Melissa's social security number.
Lorenzo might have broken something.
Lorenzo might have seen Melissa.
Lorenzo momentarily left the party to check his apartment.
Lorenzo moved his hand away.
Lorenzo mumbled while having a dream.
Lorenzo mumbled: "Good luck!"
Lorenzo muted the TV.
Lorenzo navigated through the dark house.
Lorenzo nearly crashed his truck.
Lorenzo needed to be careful in those woods.
Lorenzo needed to find something to do.
Lorenzo needed to find somewhere to smoke.
Lorenzo needed to go back to sleep.
Lorenzo needs to be on Rima’s side.
Lorenzo needs to show some decency.
Lorenzo needs to start from the beginning.
Lorenzo nervously looked back at Melissa.
Lorenzo never bathed.
Lorenzo never crashed a plane during his training.
Lorenzo never found the robber.
Lorenzo never goes against what his wife tells him to do.
Lorenzo never had something abnormal happen to him in his life.
Lorenzo never has visitors past ten o'clock.
Lorenzo never helps strangers on the road.
Lorenzo never played that video game.
Lorenzo never told people about that.
Lorenzo never touched the Ouija board again.
Lorenzo noticed Melissa's car in the rear view mirror.
Lorenzo noticed his garage was open.
Lorenzo noticed that the window was completely open.
Lorenzo noticed through the corner of his eye a black shadow in the corner.
Lorenzo offered to take Melissa home.
Lorenzo often has the apartment to himself.
Lorenzo once again turned off the light.
Lorenzo only finds it funny.
Lorenzo opened the door fully.
Lorenzo opened the door out of curiosity.
Lorenzo opened the restroom door.
Lorenzo opened the window and peered outside.
Lorenzo ordered Melissa out of her car at gun point.
Lorenzo over at his friend's house.
Lorenzo owned a pumpkin farm.
Lorenzo packed his stuff and headed back to his truck.
Lorenzo paid more attention to his youngest son, of course.
Lorenzo parked his car on the side of the road and walked from there.
Lorenzo parked in the dirt parking lot.
Lorenzo parked next to an old minivan.
Lorenzo parked the car in the grass.
Lorenzo passed Melissa on the road.
Lorenzo pedalled as fast as he could out of there.
Lorenzo peeked under the crack at the bottom of the blinds.
Lorenzo peered his head around the wall.
Lorenzo performs internationally.
Lorenzo picked Melissa up and started rocking her.
Lorenzo placed the three candles in a triangle formation.
Lorenzo played the video in reverse.
Lorenzo pointed his flashlight into the room.
Lorenzo pointed to the truck.
Lorenzo prepared a list of Berber verbs to learn.
Lorenzo pretended not to notice Melissa.
Lorenzo pretended that he didn't notice.
Lorenzo protected the child.
Lorenzo pulled cargo from one end of Algeria to the other.
Lorenzo pulled in a few minutes after Melissa did.
Lorenzo pulled in behind Melissa.
Lorenzo pulled in to spend the night at the motel.
Lorenzo pulled into the dirt area.
Lorenzo pulled into the rest stop at five in the morning.
Lorenzo pulled over and got some rest.
Lorenzo pulled the Ouija board out and checked it.
Lorenzo pushed the sheet off his body.
Lorenzo put his hands on his hips and greeted Melissa.
Lorenzo put the Ouija board away and went to bed.
Lorenzo put the beer on a nearby table.
Lorenzo quickly became concerned.
Lorenzo quickly got on his knees.
Lorenzo quickly pieced things together.
Lorenzo quickly put the Ouija board away.
Lorenzo quieted down.
Lorenzo quietly left.
Lorenzo raged against the deserters for their betrayal of the army.
Lorenzo ran all the way back to his aunt's house.
Lorenzo ran as fast as he could out of there.
Lorenzo ran back up to that room.
Lorenzo ran down the hall.
Lorenzo ran in the direction of the cabin.
Lorenzo ran inside and locked the door.
Lorenzo ran into the woods.
Lorenzo ran out of the front door.
Lorenzo ran out of the house.
Lorenzo ran to his bed and pretended to be asleep.
Lorenzo realized the door was unlocked.
Lorenzo recited a passage from the Quran.
Lorenzo recognized who that man was.
Lorenzo recreated a Ouija board using his blood.
Lorenzo reduced the volume.
Lorenzo regrets that now.
Lorenzo relocked the door.
Lorenzo remembered hundreds of Berber verbs in just a few days.
Lorenzo remembers.
Lorenzo reported that to the resort and the police.
Lorenzo reported the truck tot he police.
Lorenzo returned to Algeria without Melissa.
Lorenzo returned to the army.
Lorenzo revealed a knife.
Lorenzo reversed his truck and got out of there.
Lorenzo rolled down the window and called Melissa's name.
Lorenzo rushed back to the garage.
Lorenzo said nothing back.
Lorenzo said that Melissa was his wife.
Lorenzo sat beside his grieving mother.
Lorenzo sat by the Christmas tree.
Lorenzo sat in the back corner.
Lorenzo sat in the car for a good half hour, talking on the phone.
Lorenzo sat on a log, reflecting on himself.
Lorenzo sat on a rock to eat and drink some water.
Lorenzo sat the candles on the table.
Lorenzo sat there and waited.
Lorenzo sat under his covers for hours.
Lorenzo saw Melissa looking at him in the hallway.
Lorenzo saw Melissa with her hands raised in the air.
Lorenzo saw Santa last night.
Lorenzo saw a figure in the woods facing him.
Lorenzo saw a giant humanoid figure in the woods.
Lorenzo saw a telephone pole.
Lorenzo saw a truck and flagged it down.
Lorenzo saw a van catching up with him in the mirror.
Lorenzo saw absolutely nothing there.
Lorenzo saw aerial combat in Libya.
Lorenzo saw the video Rima had been talking about.
Lorenzo saw the word "death" written on the ceiling.
Lorenzo scrambled through his options.
Lorenzo screamed Melissa's name at the top of his lungs.
Lorenzo screamed for his mom.
Lorenzo screamed out louder.
Lorenzo searched the house and couldn't find Melissa.
Lorenzo seemed bored with his job.
Lorenzo seemed to be looking at Melissa.
Lorenzo seemed very happy to talk to his therapist.
Lorenzo set the fireplace immediately.
Lorenzo set up the Ouija board.
Lorenzo shared his concerns with Rima.
Lorenzo shared stories of his paranormal experiences.
Lorenzo shivered.
Lorenzo shook his head in disbelief.
Lorenzo shook his head yes.
Lorenzo should be proud of himself.
Lorenzo should do this in Berber.
Lorenzo shouldn’t be teaching if he’s that fragile.
Lorenzo showed his client around.
Lorenzo showed interest in how Melissa learnt Berber.
Lorenzo shut the door and locked it.
Lorenzo shut the front door.
Lorenzo simply forgot to lock the door when he left.
Lorenzo siphoned gas out of the truck.
Lorenzo sit in that spot.
Lorenzo slept in the closet.
Lorenzo slept in the living room that night.
Lorenzo slept with ease.
Lorenzo slowly backed out of the door and closed the door.
Lorenzo slowly looked back.
Lorenzo smelt like the asshole of a warthog.
Lorenzo smiled at those people, but no one smiled back.
Lorenzo smoked behind Melissa's house.
Lorenzo smoked in the woods.
Lorenzo snuck into Melissa's tent.
Lorenzo spent hours searching for Melissa.
Lorenzo spent the next five years in that same apartment.
Lorenzo spoke four or five languages, including Berber.
Lorenzo spoke in Berber at the beginning.
Lorenzo spoke in a deep guttural voice that was not his own.
Lorenzo spoke in a demonic voice, telling Rima to get out.
Lorenzo spotted a Ouija board on the coffee table.
Lorenzo spotted something unusual.
Lorenzo started asking the Ouija board without Melissa.
Lorenzo started freaking out.
Lorenzo started heading back to Algiers.
Lorenzo started hiking around in the nearby forest.
Lorenzo started kayaking back the way he came.
Lorenzo started screaming for help.
Lorenzo started talking about the end of the world.
Lorenzo started to drive.
Lorenzo started to feel nauseous.
Lorenzo started to get tired.
Lorenzo started walking down the stairs, too.
Lorenzo started walking faster.
Lorenzo started walking out of the woods.
Lorenzo started walking out.
Lorenzo started walking slowly towards the stoep.
Lorenzo started working as a truck driver in his town, in Algeria.
Lorenzo stayed at a dilapidated hotel.
Lorenzo stayed at a vacant hotel.
Lorenzo stayed away from those woods for months.
Lorenzo stayed downstairs with Melissa.
Lorenzo stayed put as Melissa got out of the truck.
Lorenzo stayed with Melissa for a long time.
Lorenzo stayed with the woman for a little while.
Lorenzo stepped back into the hall.
Lorenzo stepped inside the closet.
Lorenzo stepped out of the truck to ask Melissa what she was doing on the side of the road.
Lorenzo stepped out of the water.
Lorenzo sternly said: "Drive."
Lorenzo still believed in Santa Claus.
Lorenzo still treated Melissa like a child.
Lorenzo stole the Christmas gifts.
Lorenzo stood up to stretch his legs.
Lorenzo stopped Melissa from coming over alone at night.
Lorenzo stopped at a rest stop.
Lorenzo stopped to gather his thoughts and his breath.
Lorenzo stopped when his flashlight landed on a man's face.
Lorenzo stormed out of the bathroom.
Lorenzo stormed out of the front door of the hotel.
Lorenzo stuck his head out of the window and looked.
Lorenzo studied Berber with Melissa.
Lorenzo suddenly got upset.
Lorenzo surrendered to the French.
Lorenzo sustained an injury.
Lorenzo swapped Algiers for a remote farm in Setif.
Lorenzo talked about things he enjoyed doing.
Lorenzo talked about what to do with Rima.
Lorenzo talked his way away from that guy.
Lorenzo talked to child protective services.
Lorenzo taught Melissa how to play guitar.
Lorenzo terminated his relationship with Melissa as a client.
Lorenzo terrified Melissa and her daughter.
Lorenzo thanked Melissa and left quickly.
Lorenzo thinks that child is Walid.
Lorenzo thought Melissa was going crazy.
Lorenzo threatened to call the police if that man didn't stop following him.
Lorenzo threw his key into the ignition and turned his truck on.
Lorenzo threw the Ouija board in the fireplace.
Lorenzo told Melissa about a video game that she never played.
Lorenzo told Melissa about the strange events that had been taking place in his apartment.
Lorenzo told Melissa stories about the deaths that happened in that house.
Lorenzo told Melissa to never speak about what happened to anybody.
Lorenzo told Melissa to stay put.
Lorenzo told Rima everything Walid had done.
Lorenzo told Rima to go to hell.
Lorenzo told us a lot of Ouija board horror stories.
Lorenzo told us spine-chilling stories about haunted houses.
Lorenzo took Melissa to the front desk area.
Lorenzo took Melissa to the various areas of the Blida Atlas.
Lorenzo took Rima to school.
Lorenzo took a few pictures of the scenery.
Lorenzo took a few steps closer.
Lorenzo took a peek inside the vent.
Lorenzo took a picture inside of his tent.
Lorenzo took a picture of the bouquet and sent it to Melissa.
Lorenzo took a picture of the items.
Lorenzo took a road trip from Algiers to Oran.
Lorenzo took a second glance at Rima.
Lorenzo took a short break.
Lorenzo took care of Melissa until their parents came back.
Lorenzo took his master keyring off his belt and tried to open the door.
Lorenzo took his phone and dialed his wife's number.
Lorenzo took off his shoes and hopped into the water.
Lorenzo took off running.
Lorenzo took out his phone to try to call the cops for help.
Lorenzo took part in the single elimination tournament.
Lorenzo took some sleeping pills.
Lorenzo took the beer out of Melissa's hand.
Lorenzo took the knife from Rima.
Lorenzo traveled to Algiers and back.
Lorenzo trembled with fear.
Lorenzo tricked innocent people into trusting him.
Lorenzo tried getting as much info out of Melissa as possible.
Lorenzo tried opening the door, but it was locked.
Lorenzo tried out the Ouija board he found in Melissa's garbage.
Lorenzo tried out the Ouija board on a rainy night.
Lorenzo tried to convince himself it was just his imagination.
Lorenzo tried to hit Melissa.
Lorenzo tried to hold his breath.
Lorenzo tried to open Melissa's door after she locked it.
Lorenzo tried to rationalize the situation.
Lorenzo tried to scream and break free.
Lorenzo tried to strike up a conversation with Rima.
Lorenzo tried to take a peek in the bag.
Lorenzo tried to talk to Rima.
Lorenzo tried to talk to the boy.
Lorenzo tried to translate the Quran into Hebrew.
Lorenzo tried to wave down a few people passing, but no one stopped.
Lorenzo turned off his night light.
Lorenzo turned off the TV and tried to fall asleep.
Lorenzo turned off the light and left the room.
Lorenzo turned on the light in the hallway but they suddenly went out.
Lorenzo turned on the security camera in the garage that he hadn't used for a long time.
Lorenzo turned the light off and jumped back into his bed.
Lorenzo turned to face the window.
Lorenzo turned to look at Melissa.
Lorenzo ultimately thanked Melissa.
Lorenzo unloaded his trailer.
Lorenzo used his magic powers on Melissa.
Lorenzo used the restroom.
Lorenzo used to live in that abandoned house.
Lorenzo uses sticky notes to learn Berber vocabulary.
Lorenzo waited alone in the bushes.
Lorenzo waited with the woman and the daughter.
Lorenzo walked all the way downstairs.
Lorenzo walked alonside Melissa.
Lorenzo walked back to his room.
Lorenzo walked by Rima’s room.
Lorenzo walked down the short trail.
Lorenzo walked over to the garage.
Lorenzo walked over to the window.
Lorenzo walked towards the truck.
Lorenzo walked up the hill.
Lorenzo wandered aimlessly in the garden.
Lorenzo wanted to help out a little bit.
Lorenzo wanted to join the mass.
Lorenzo wanted to try something crazy.
Lorenzo wanted to win the heart of Rima’s son.
Lorenzo wants to buy a property in Algeria.
Lorenzo was a cub scout.
Lorenzo was a language geek.
Lorenzo was a lover of epic proportions.
Lorenzo was a shy kid.
Lorenzo was able to get the license plate of the semi.
Lorenzo was about to scream.
Lorenzo was about to take a picture.
Lorenzo was afraid of confronting that intruder.
Lorenzo was almost in tears.
Lorenzo was almost kidnapped by a creepy-looking couple.
Lorenzo was alone in his tent.
Lorenzo was already dying.
Lorenzo was already waiting at the door, worried sick.
Lorenzo was an old man who passed away a few years ago.
Lorenzo was around fourteen.
Lorenzo was at least a mile away from that barn.
Lorenzo was at mass with his mother.
Lorenzo was at the bonfire.
Lorenzo was avoiding looking at Melissa as he was taken to the police car.
Lorenzo was back in that spot again.
Lorenzo was bashing at the basement door lock.
Lorenzo was behind the counter, reading some old book.
Lorenzo was behind the front corner of the store.
Lorenzo was bringing friends from another school.
Lorenzo was calling the cops.
Lorenzo was carrying a rifle.
Lorenzo was carrying a weapon.
Lorenzo was checking out the area.
Lorenzo was chilling in the living room, continuing to drink.
Lorenzo was cleared to drive back to Algiers.
Lorenzo was clearly not a priest.
Lorenzo was closer to the road.
Lorenzo was coming directly towards Melissa.
Lorenzo was committed to Rima.
Lorenzo was communicating with an entity through the Ouija board.
Lorenzo was completely surrounded by huge mountains.
Lorenzo was completely trapped.
Lorenzo was completely under his covers, shaking.
Lorenzo was covered in hunting gear.
Lorenzo was covering someone's shift.
Lorenzo was crawling as far away as he could from the window.
Lorenzo was dedicated to the study of language.
Lorenzo was definitely not friendly.
Lorenzo was definitely up to no good.
Lorenzo was delivering presents.
Lorenzo was detained at Auschwitz.
Lorenzo was doing his homework on his bed.
Lorenzo was dressed as Santa Claus.
Lorenzo was driving back home.
Lorenzo was driving on a long stretch of highway in southern Ghardaia.
Lorenzo was drunk and not coherent at all.
Lorenzo was eating pizza on the living room floor.
Lorenzo was escorted by two cops to the prosecutor’s office.
Lorenzo was excited he just saw a Santa.
Lorenzo was exiting the woods.
Lorenzo was facing the door.
Lorenzo was five feet away from Melissa.
Lorenzo was frightened, too.
Lorenzo was getting concerned.
Lorenzo was getting ready for bed.
Lorenzo was giving off mega creepy vibes.
Lorenzo was going to some huge party upstate.
Lorenzo was greeted by a swarm of police.
Lorenzo was having a drink.
Lorenzo was having a hard time connecting with his stepson.
Lorenzo was having a sleepover with five of his friends.
Lorenzo was having his kind of fun in the basement.
Lorenzo was hesitant to talk.
Lorenzo was hiding in an abandoned house.
Lorenzo was holding a beer bottle.
Lorenzo was home alone while Melissa was at work.
Lorenzo was honking his horn outside.
Lorenzo was imagining things.
Lorenzo was in Melissa's room, making a lot of noise.
Lorenzo was in a dark room, only lit by candles.
Lorenzo was in a good situation.
Lorenzo was in bed with his blinds shut.
Lorenzo was in cuffs.
Lorenzo was in one of the adjacent rooms.
Lorenzo was in the driver's seat.
Lorenzo was in the heart of the storm.
Lorenzo was in the kitchen, washing the dishes.
Lorenzo was in the middle of the woods at night.
Lorenzo was in the other room.
Lorenzo was in the same grade as Melissa.
Lorenzo was in those bushes for like fifteen minutes.
Lorenzo was inches away from getting decapitated.
Lorenzo was inside the abandoned house.
Lorenzo was inside the barn.
Lorenzo was inside the stall.
Lorenzo was involved in human traficking.
Lorenzo was jokingly moving the planchette on the Ouija board.
Lorenzo was just a short distance away.
Lorenzo was just watching TV and movies.
Lorenzo was leaving the house.
Lorenzo was like in his forties or fifties.
Lorenzo was literally inches away from death.
Lorenzo was looking at Melissa, smiling.
Lorenzo was looking up at Melissa.
Lorenzo was lucky Melissa didn't catch him.
Lorenzo was making a lot of noise, making his presence known.
Lorenzo was making crying noises.
Lorenzo was motivated to learn Berber.
Lorenzo was never caught and Melissa thinks he will never be.
Lorenzo was never close with his uncle even remotely.
Lorenzo was nodding his head.
Lorenzo was not sure what that noise was.
Lorenzo was obviously dumbfounded.
Lorenzo was on the second floor of the house.
Lorenzo was one of the first to show up.
Lorenzo was only seconds away from being kidnapped.
Lorenzo was operated on.
Lorenzo was out of there.
Lorenzo was outside in the backyard by the pool.
Lorenzo was playing his favorite game.
Lorenzo was playing with Legos very loudly.
Lorenzo was polite to everybody.
Lorenzo was pranking Melissa.
Lorenzo was pretty much alone.
Lorenzo was probably asleep.
Lorenzo was probably making it up.
Lorenzo was publicly harassed.
Lorenzo was put in charge of a squadron.
Lorenzo was rapidly rising up the ranks.
Lorenzo was relegated to being just an observer.
Lorenzo was relieved to see Melissa.
Lorenzo was reported missing hours before.
Lorenzo was scheduled to depart at five o'clock.
Lorenzo was seemingly following Melissa.
Lorenzo was sharpening the pitchfork with something.
Lorenzo was shitting himself.
Lorenzo was singing along the Berber song.
Lorenzo was sitting in his closet.
Lorenzo was sitting on his toilet.
Lorenzo was sitting on top of the table.
Lorenzo was sleeping right next to Melissa.
Lorenzo was smiling and waving down at Melissa.
Lorenzo was spending a weekend with his uncle on his ranch.
Lorenzo was standing at the window, looking in at Melissa.
Lorenzo was standing in front of the cabin.
Lorenzo was standing in his crib.
Lorenzo was standing in the small hallway.
Lorenzo was standing near one of the windows.
Lorenzo was standing there, watching Melissa intently.
Lorenzo was staring at Melissa with his arms folded.
Lorenzo was still being followed.
Lorenzo was still half-asleep.
Lorenzo was still in his drunken haze.
Lorenzo was still in his teens.
Lorenzo was still inside the bathroom.
Lorenzo was still sitting by the bonfire.
Lorenzo was sure someone was in his house.
Lorenzo was taking big and long strides.
Lorenzo was taking care of five kids.
Lorenzo was talking about Melissa the whole time.
Lorenzo was talking like usual.
Lorenzo was talking with some friends.
Lorenzo was the host of the party.
Lorenzo was there at the right time.
Lorenzo was tickling Melissa.
Lorenzo was too drunk to drive.
Lorenzo was touching Melissa's feet.
Lorenzo was touring around with his daughter.
Lorenzo was trying to not be seen.
Lorenzo was trying to pay Melissa.
Lorenzo was typing on his phone.
Lorenzo was unharmed.
Lorenzo was very quiet and shy.
Lorenzo was waiting for Melissa on the porch, worried sick.
Lorenzo was waiting for Melissa to enter her car to grab her.
Lorenzo was waiting for help.
Lorenzo was waiting for something to happen.
Lorenzo was waiting for the assistance vehicle.
Lorenzo was waiting inside.
Lorenzo was waiting to get in.
Lorenzo was walking through the room towards Melissa.
Lorenzo was wandering upstairs.
Lorenzo was washing the dishes.
Lorenzo was watching Avatar.
Lorenzo was watching a relaxation video.
Lorenzo was watching the clown.
Lorenzo was watching the news in his pajamas.
Lorenzo was wearing a hoodie, completely covering his face.
Lorenzo was working at that mall.
Lorenzo was worried sick.
Lorenzo was yelling like a madman.
Lorenzo wasn't a stranger by any means.
Lorenzo wasn't a toddler.
Lorenzo wasn't expecting to hear that question.
Lorenzo wasn’t affected at all.
Lorenzo watched TV with no lights on.
Lorenzo watched a Halloween movie.
Lorenzo watched the truck drive away.
Lorenzo went AWOL from the military.
Lorenzo went back downstairs to watch TV.
Lorenzo went back into the woods.
Lorenzo went back to the abandoned house to get his Ouija board back.
Lorenzo went back to the living room.
Lorenzo went down to the living room to continue watching TV.
Lorenzo went downstairs to tell Melissa that Walid was in her room.
Lorenzo went inside the garage and turned on the light.
Lorenzo went into the woods.
Lorenzo went nuts for a few months.
Lorenzo went on a camping trip to a new location.
Lorenzo went through the entire house and found nothing.
Lorenzo went to a mental institution.
Lorenzo went to a mountain resort.
Lorenzo went to ask Melissa where Walid went.
Lorenzo went to check the bathroom and it was clear.
Lorenzo went to get the key.
Lorenzo went to his friend's tent.
Lorenzo went to his parents' bed.
Lorenzo went to tell his uncle.
Lorenzo went to the arcade of the resort.
Lorenzo went to the back of his cabin where he had a sleeping bag.
Lorenzo went to the back section of the property.
Lorenzo went to the basement door and listened.
Lorenzo went to the bathroom again.
Lorenzo went to the marketplace.
Lorenzo went to the pumpkin patch.
Lorenzo went to the resort.
Lorenzo went to the sitting room and called out for Melissa.
Lorenzo went upstairs to Melissa's room and it was clear.
Lorenzo will be a great dad.
Lorenzo will be over as soon as he can.
Lorenzo will be returning home soon.
Lorenzo will find Rima in Algeria.
Lorenzo will have the whole apartment for himself.
Lorenzo will learn Berber in no time.
Lorenzo woke up early to his mom's screams downstairs.
Lorenzo woke up in the middle of a stormy night.
Lorenzo woke up randomly.
Lorenzo worked as a laborer on a farm in Algeria.
Lorenzo worked as a night security guard.
Lorenzo worked for five years in Italy, teaching Berber.
Lorenzo worked graveyard hours.
Lorenzo works as a behavioral therapist.
Lorenzo works long hours on the road.
Lorenzo wouldn't be happy about that.
Lorenzo wouldn't get away with it.
Lorenzo yelled at Melissa to stop.
Lorenzo yelled back he was going to the arcade.
Lorenzo's Berber identity ran through his blood.
Lorenzo's German Shepherd growled at Melissa.
Lorenzo's German Shepherd was free from the leash.
Lorenzo's bed took up half the room.
Lorenzo's book was sitting on his lap.
Lorenzo's broken dishwasher sounded very loud.
Lorenzo's car was rusty.
Lorenzo's dead eyes stared into Melissa's soul.
Lorenzo's door suddenly slammed shut.
Lorenzo's elder brother is twenty-four.
Lorenzo's encyclopedias are sitting in his closet, collecting dust.
Lorenzo's entire garage was completely trashed.
Lorenzo's eyes rolled back in his head.
Lorenzo's face paled.
Lorenzo's farm was sold.
Lorenzo's favorite season is fall.
Lorenzo's footsteps were loud.
Lorenzo's footsteps were slow and heavy.
Lorenzo's hand was trembling slightly as he set the Ouija board up.
Lorenzo's house has been abandoned for decades.
Lorenzo's house has been abandoned for many years.
Lorenzo's mouth fell out open.
Lorenzo's parents didn't get along at all.
Lorenzo's parents fought every night.
Lorenzo's reputation as a fighter pilot has spread in town.
Lorenzo's room is square-shaped with five closets.
Lorenzo's truck broke down in Bejaia, Algeria.
Lorenzo's truck was the only vehicle in the lot.
Lorenzo's truck was well hidden from the main road.
Lorenzo's windows were shattered.
Lorenzo’s destiny is now in Rima’s hands.
Lorenzo’s real birthday is on April 4, but he always celebrates it early.
Lori is a true friend.
Lori lives in Spain.
Lori suggested that we should take a ten-minute coffee break.
Lori teaches a masterclass on cupcake decoration.
Lorries carrying huge piles of coal waited at the entrance.
Lorries carrying huge piles of coal were waiting at the entrance.
Lorries transported the stone from the mine.
Lorries were transporting the stone from the mine.
Lorry is good at swimming.
Lorry swims well.
Los Angeles city officials say the rains have caused millions of dollars worth of damage, and they say clean-up could take months.
Los Angeles has bid farewell to Jivan Gasparyan, an Armenian musician and composer who was known as the master of the duduk, an Armenian woodwind instrument.
Los Angeles is a city brimming with artists and most of them get little respect from critics worldwide.
Los Angeles is getting ready to host one of the biggest annual sporting events in the U.S.—the Superbowl.
Los Angeles is one of the cities that I want to visit.
Los Angeles is one of the places I want to visit.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I’d like to visit.
Los Angeles is the home of Hollywood.
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
Lose not yourself in far off time! Seize the moment that is thine.
Lose some weight.
Lose the attitude.
Lose weight in three weeks.
Lose weight.
Loser!
Losers are always in the wrong.
Losers are always wrong.
Losing a battle doesn't mean losing the war!
Losing a pet is like losing a family member.
Losing a wife so young is a tragedy.
Losing all hope is freedom.
Losing at the Rio Olympics crushed the athlete's ego.
Losing consciousness and not being here or anywhere else. Maybe this is what dying is like, saying goodbye to this life.
Losing forty pounds would be good for your heart.
Losing hair on your head? Grow a beard.
Losing his balance from a sudden gust of wind, the tightrope walker fell to his death.
Losing his respect isn't easy, but neither is earning it back.
Losing his wife drove him to steal.
Losing injured their pride.
Losing is better than to be a victor on the side of the scoundrels.
Losing is fun.
Losing isn't much fun.
Losing money costs you absolutely nothing.
Losing my daughter has taken away my will to live.
Losing my keys is so annoying!
Losing my parents is a deep-rooted fear that I have inside of me.
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.
Losing one’s health is worse than losing money.
Losing the ability to play the violin because of a brain tumor was an especially frightening scenario for her.
Losing the deltas will not only erase some of the world's most diverse ecosystems, but drive mass migration, deplete vital farmland and disrupt some of Asia's most dynamic business hubs.
Losing the job she loved so much was a severe blow for Mary.
Losing the way, he chose the road at random.
Losing their breadwinner was a shock to that family, but the insurance money helps a lot.
Losing these places would deprive Americans of a tangible connection to the past and to the places where our history happened.
Losing virginity with a donkey is nothing short of a triumph.
Losing weight doesn't have to mean suffering.
Losing weight isn't easy.
Losing you is something I can't imagine.
Losing you isn't an option for me.
Losing you would be too much for me.
Losing your clothes in transit is a possible side effect of using this portal.
Losing your friendship saddened me deeply.
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.
Losing your passport in a foreign country is worse than losing your luggage or having your wallet stolen.
Losing your sense of smell can be a symptom of COVID-19.
Losing your temper for no reason would invite the resentment of others.
Loss of health is more serious than loss of money.
Losses on both sides were extremely high.
Losses were heavy on both sides.
Losses will run into millions of dollars.
Lost in his thoughts, he seems to have forgotten what he just said.
Lost in thought, I missed my stop.
Lost in thought, Tom watched the sky as he smoked a cigarette.
Lost in thought, his hands behind his back, he walks round the garden.
Lost in thoughts, he strolls through the garden, with his hands behind his back.
Lost sleep has a cumulative effect, I've been told.
Lost time is irretrievable.
Lost time is never found again.
Lost time must be made up for.
Lot was a prophet of God.
Lot went out to them, and shut the door after him, and said: Do not so, I beseech you, my brethren, do not commit this evil.
Lothar Wieler is the head of the Robert Koch Institute, Germany's public research institute for disease control and prevention.
Lots of Algerians are working abroad.
Lots of Algerians live in cities.
Lots of Brazilian schools observed a minute's silence in honour of the victims of the massacre in Realengo.
Lots of Greek-Americans own restaurants.
Lots of Italians went to Australia.
Lots of Muslims are working hard against radicalization.
Lots of Western mercenaries are going to Ukraine to make some money.
Lots of animals, like for example tigers eat meat.
Lots of bugs started to crawling in from somewhere.
Lots of butterflies are flying around the plants.
Lots of campers were parked all over the hill-side.
Lots of children in industrialised countries are too fat because they eat too many sweets.
Lots of children in industrialised countries are too fat because they eat too much candy.
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.
Lots of famous people come here.
Lots of flotsam is fished out of the water.
Lots of gangsters around here are packing heat without a license.
Lots of girls don't like Tom.
Lots of girls enjoy dancing.
Lots of girls like Tom.
Lots of girls like him.
Lots of hacks think they're philosophers.
Lots of herons live in the marsh.
Lots of high school kids are way too busy keeping up their grades, participating in extracurricular activities, preparing for university, and maybe working after school.
Lots of leftovers remained inside.
Lots of love, John.
Lots of low trees grow on the hill.
Lots of medications cannot relieve my pain.
Lots of men take women buggy riding.
Lots of miraculous things happened there.
Lots of my friends are going there tonight.
Lots of old people are killed in traffic accidents every year.
Lots of people are about.
Lots of people are interested in cars, but they're really nothing to me.
Lots of people are interested in cars, but they’re really nothing to me.
Lots of people call me Tom.
Lots of people can't swim.
Lots of people celebrate Christmas with friends and family.
Lots of people drink more than they should.
Lots of people get around by bike in Peking.
Lots of people get hungry.
Lots of people get married on Saturdays.
Lots of people have tried to do that and have failed.
Lots of people have tried to do that without success.
Lots of people have tried.
Lots of people identified the U.K. with London.
Lots of people identified the United Kingdom with London.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
Lots of people learn Japanese so they can understand mangas.
Lots of people make that mistake.
Lots of people spell this word wrong.
Lots of people think whales are fish.
Lots of people took part in the marathon.
Lots of people were inside the restaurant.
Lots of people who have heard of Betty Friedan misstate her place in history. She was not a man-hater, not a bra-burner, not a sexual confrontationist, touting the birth-control pill. A suburbanite, wife and mother, she would be forced out of the National Organization for Women, which she co-founded, for being too conservative.
Lots of religious songs in Ladino are translations from Hebrew.
Lots of researchers are working to make better batteries that last longer and hold more energy.
Lots of sentences are written in French.
Lots of superstitions are still believed in.
Lots of the little girls had artificial flowers on their hats.
Lots of things have changed in Algeria.
Lots of things have changed.
Lots of things need fixing.
Lots of things other than money can be counterfeit.
Lots of things were happening at the same time.
Lots of tourists walk around the square.
Lots of wolves are in this area.
Lots of women both run a home and go out to work.
Lots of women do this.
Lotteria introduced an extraordinary "Tower Cheeseburger" which can be made by stacking up to 10 patties.
Lotus fruit reminds me of a ripe pear.
Loubna is a Palestinian citizen.
Loud music always makes Fred hit the roof.
Loud music bothers me.
Loud music is bad for your health.
Loud music started playing.
Loud noises can be heard from miles off.
Loud rise the shouts of sailors to the sky; / "Crete and our fathers", rings for all to hear / the cry of oarsmen.
Louder please, I can't hear well.
Louder please, I cannot hear well.
Louder, please!
Louder, please.
Louder.
Louder. I can't hear you.
Loudspeakers strengthen the voice, but not the argument.
Louie, your friends are coming.
Louie, your friends are coming. Clean up.
Louie Schwartzberg had spent months generating buzz and cultivating an audience for his documentary film “Fantastic Fungi,” selling out theaters in the U.S. and Europe for the planned release date of March 26.
Louis Armstrong was a well-known exponent of scat singing.
Louis Armstrong was an American musician.
Louis Braille, who was blind from the age of three, invented a way for the blind to read.
Louis Kahn also designed buildings in other countries, including India and Bangladesh. His largest project was a series of buildings that would become the government center of Dhaka, Bangladesh. This structure includes the parliament, meeting rooms, offices, eating places and even a religious center.
Louis Kahn was an artist who created beautiful works. But he was not a very good businessman. He would change his designs many times. This would make each project take a great deal of time and cost more money. The majority of the projects he designed were never built. Also, he did not like to compromise his design ideas to satisfy a buyer’s wishes. For this reason and others, Kahn did not make many buildings. His design company did not always have many jobs or much money. In fact, when Kahn died, he was in great debt. This is especially unusual since he was considered one of the most important architects in the world.
Louis Kahn was born in Estonia in nineteen-oh-one. When he was five years old his family moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Even as a child, Louis Kahn showed excellence as an artist. When he was in school his pictures won several competitions organized by the city. In high school, Kahn studied architecture briefly. He later went to the University of Pennsylvania and studied architecture full time. He graduated in nineteen twenty-four.
Louis King of France, on a visit with the Burgundians, while hunting, became acquainted with one Conon, a countryman, but of honest and simple spirit, for monarchs are delighted with men of this sort.
Louis Pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases.
Louis XIV built an Orangerie at the Palace of Versailles.
Louis XIV had gum disease, rotten teeth and very bad breath. Oh, when I think about those poor mistresses!
Louis XIV loved orange trees.
Louis XIV of France is said to have taken only two baths in his adult lifetime.
Louis XIV of France is said to have taken only two baths in his adult lifetime—both times recommended by his doctors.
Louis XV was the king of France from 1715 to 1774.
Louis XVI was executed during the French Revolution.
Louis and Paul both competed for Mary's heart.
Louis bet $100 on black.
Louis fell asleep at the table.
Louis is having a moment.
Louis seemed to lose her zest for interaction.
Louis the 14th, known as the "Sun King", brought about the golden age of the French absolute monarchy.
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Louise has traveled a lot for London recently.
Louise only wears asymmetrical dresses.
Louisiana belonged to France.
Louisiana has been hardest hit by the disaster, but oil residue is continuing to spread elsewhere in the Gulf to fragile coastlines, coating wildlife in a black ooze and threatening the livelihoods of fishermen and other business owners.
Louisiana is known for its swamps.
Lounes Matoub said a lot of things, if we listened to him. Judge of it: “The paths obstructed, we will clear them; the crooked people, we will coax them; the weary country, we will free it from its yoke; the wicked who overwhelms us will weep on that day." May he rest in peace.
Lounes Matoub was killed in 1998.
Lounes Matoub, despite his murder by the enemies of life, remains alive in our hearts.
Lounes Matoub, even though the enemies of life killed him, he still lives in our hearts.
Lounes is a great library.
Lounes is a treasure trove of wisdom.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is a well-known Algerian singer.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is an Algerian singer.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is an all Algerian singer.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is an esteemed Algerian singer.
Love - what is it?
Love - what is that?
Love God.
Love John.
Love ain't all it's cracked up to be.
Love ain’t for keeping.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love all, trust few, do wrong to none.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves. All we need is to imagine our ability to love developing until it embraces the totality of men and the earth.
Love alone is not enough for a successful international marriage.
Love alone isn't enough for a successful international marriage.
Love always wins in the end.
Love always wins.
Love and Peace.
Love and a cough can not be hid.
Love and a cough cannot be hid.
Love and care for the canary, it's a part of our family.
Love and companionship can transcend traditional mating norms.
Love and cough cannot be hidden.
Love and desire are two different things; for not everything that is lovely is desired, nor everything desired worthy of one's love.
Love and desire are two different things; not everything that is loved is wanted, nor is everything that is wanted loved.
Love and envy are siblings.
Love and flowers only last a single spring.
Love and friendship are mutually exclusive.
Love and hate are both strong emotions.
Love and hate are human feelings.
Love and hate are opposite emotions.
Love and hate go hand in hand.
Love and hatred are twins.
Love and hope helped her to recover quickly.
Love and jealousy go hand in hand.
Love and sex are two different things.
Love and singing can't be forced.
Love and song know no compulsion.
Love and spring make poets sing.
Love appears over the horizon.
Love arouses regenerative energies in us.
Love as if you've never been hurt.
Love as if you've never suffered.
Love at first sight exists.
Love began to grow between the two.
Love began to grow between them.
Love begets love.
Love begins playing his old tricks every spring.
Love begins to emerge between the two.
Love belongs to those who believe in it.
Love belongs to those who think about it.
Love blinded him to her faults.
Love blinded him.
Love blinds, marriage allows one to find vision anew.
Love brings beauty; malice brings ugliness.
Love brings us closer to one another.
Love can arise from simple things.
Love can be blind.
Love can be both beautiful and painful in equal measure.
Love can be defined as a deeper than usual affection.
Love can be fake, but hate is real.
Love can be learned. And no one learns better than children. When children grow up without love, it's no wonder when they themselves become loveless.
Love can be messy, complicated, and heartbreaking.
Love can bring immense joy and fulfillment to life.
Love can cause pain.
Love can coexist with differences and conflicts.
Love can conquer the need for revenge.
Love can drift away like leaves in the wind.
Love can evolve, adapting to life changes.
Love can lead to suffering.
Love can make a woman secure.
Love can make you really sick.
Love can mend your life.
Love can turn toxic.
Love can't be bought with money.
Love can't be bought.
Love can't be encapsulated in words. It can only be felt.
Love can't be explained by logic.
Love can't be forced.
Love can't bloom over a fiber optic cable.
Love can't kill you.
Love cannot be compelled.
Love cannot be forced.
Love cannot express the idea of music, while music may give an idea of love.
Love changed almost everything.
Love changes almost everything.
Love changes everything.
Love comes before money. Money cannot give us as much joy as love does.
Love comes from love. When I want others to love me, I myself love first.
Love comes in all shapes and sizes.
Love comes slowly and gradually to some, it abruptly surprises others like an arrow.
Love comes to everyone.
Love comforts.
Love conquers all things, so we too shall yield to love.
Love conquers all things.
Love conquers all.
Love conquers everything.
Love conquers hate.
Love demands pain.
Love does not fade despite the distance.
Love does not forgive.
Love does not go that far.
Love doesn't die.
Love doesn't exist.
Love doesn't fit into my life.
Love doesn't forgive.
Love doesn't guarantee a successful marriage.
Love doesn't just hurt.
Love doesn't obey anyone.
Love doesn't reign, but it educates; and that is more.
Love doesn't respect color, distance or age.
Love doesn't rule, but it shapes; and that's more.
Love doesn't suit me.
Love doesn't tolerate any violence.
Love doesn’t exist.
Love doesn’t reign, but it educates; and that is more.
Love doesn’t rule, but it shapes; and that’s more.
Love drove him mad.
Love eases burdens.
Love elates.
Love encourages personal growth and self-discovery.
Love everyone.
Love feels blasphemous when you've been taught a religion of hate.
Love for art carried him abroad.
Love for my children keeps me going in life.
Love for one's native language must be cultivated starting from childhood.
Love for one's people and love for one's native language are inextricably linked to each other.
Love for the family is our primary duty.
Love for your parents is the foundation of all virtues.
Love for your people and love for your native language are inextricably linked.
Love fosters empathy and understanding between individuals.
Love gave him the strength of a lion.
Love gives sensations that are often indefinable.
Love gives us hope.
Love grew between Taro and Hanako.
Love grew between Tom and Mary.
Love had never mattered to me because I never knew it. I didn't know what it was. But now that I know love, I don't want to lose it.
Love happens in the workplace all the time.
Love happens when you least expect it.
Love has a good memory.
Love has been described as an affection curable by marriage.
Love has blinded you.
Love has driven you crazy.
Love has ended.
Love has immense strength.
Love has its own rules and a rhythm that can hardly follow them.
Love has led me here, Love, a god all powerful with us who dwell on the earth.
Love has never killed anyone.
Love has no color!
Love has risen before us, like an assassin in the night, and has reached the two of us.
Love has the power to heal emotional wounds.
Love helps us find meaning in our lives.
Love her.
Love him just the way he is.
Love him or hate him, Miroslav's cursing habit is unlikely to change anytime soon, as it has become an integral part of his identity in this fucked-up world.
Love him!
Love holds significant importance for me.
Love hurts.
Love if you want to be loved!
Love if you want to be loved.
Love is God's nature in action.
Love is a beautiful thing.
Love is a bizarre feeling that you can't express in words.
Love is a bizarre feeling that you cannot express in words.
Love is a bizarre feeling you can't express in words.
Love is a chemical reaction.
Love is a comedy in France, a tragedy in England, an opera in Italy, and a melodrama in Germany.
Love is a crazy game.
Love is a delusion.
Love is a feeling of great fondness or enthusiasm for a person or a thing.
Love is a feeling that you feel when you feel that you feel a feeling that you have never felt.
Love is a game in which one always cheats.
Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Love is a game where the first one who suffers has lost.
Love is a gift from God.
Love is a gift that can't be bought.
Love is a great contradiction. You cannot live without it but at the same time you will be hurt by it.
Love is a highly addictive drug.
Love is a horrible, debilitating disease. Some steps you can take to decrease your risk of contracting love include avoiding contact with other people and refraining from looking at attractive individuals.
Love is a journey, and I’m thrilled they want to walk it together.
Love is a journey, not just a destination.
Love is a kind of madness.
Love is a lie.
Love is a luxury I simply can't afford.
Love is a madness that only the priest heals, and when the priest heals it, he commits a great folly.
Love is a many splendored thing.
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
Love is a perfect alchemy of mind, body, and soul.
Love is a pill made from a great many people's sufferings.
Love is a pill made from a great many people’s sufferings.
Love is a powerful drug.
Love is a profound connection that transcends time.
Love is a quarrel which begins between a woman and a man and never finishes.
Love is a rhythm.
Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
Love is a scam.
Love is a scandal of the personal sort.
Love is a sickness cured by time.
Love is a sickness full of woes, All remedies refusing.
Love is a strange force that reaches your heart and explodes in your soul.
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage or by removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder.
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Love is a thing you do, rather than a thing you feel.
Love is a treasure-trove of memories.
Love is a trick.
Love is a two-way street.
Love is a valuable good that costs nothing.
Love is a verb.
Love is a very strong feeling.
Love is a wonderful thing.
Love is above money. The latter can't give as much happiness as the former.
Love is above money. The latter can’t give as much happiness as the former.
Love is agony, lovelessness is death.
Love is akin to spring.
Love is all that matters.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
Love is all you need.
Love is always naked.
Love is always right.
Love is an action.
Love is an important thing.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Love is as important to me as money is to her.
Love is as strong as death.
Love is back.
Love is beautiful, because I love you.
Love is beautiful.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear.
Love is better than money.
Love is better than sex.
Love is beyond reason.
Love is bittersweet.
Love is blind just like hate.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see even nonexistent things.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see things which aren't even there.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see things which don't even exist.
Love is blind.
Love is blind. Hate is also blind.
Love is blind. Hatred is also blind.
Love is blinding you.
Love is born from looking.
Love is born of the union of desire with loving.
Love is by nature blind.
Love is complicated.
Love is confusing.
Love is crazy.
Love is cruel sometimes.
Love is enough.
Love is essentially a selfish passion.
Love is eternal as long as it lasts.
Love is everything.
Love is everywhere.
Love is for everyone.
Love is for lunatics.
Love is for teenagers.
Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.
Love is free of fear.
Love is free.
Love is giving something one doesn't have.
Love is giving something one doesn’t have.
Love is hard to define.
Love is immortal.
Love is immortally young, and the ways of expressing it are and will remain forever old.
Love is in the air.
Love is inherent in every living being.
Love is inherently blind.
Love is insanity.
Love is irrational.
Love is irresistible.
Love is just a fancy.
Love is just a game.
Love is just a legend created somewhere.
Love is king.
Love is largely a matter of luck.
Love is life. And if you lose love, you lose life.
Love is like a hunter, who cares not for the game when once caught, which he may have pursued with the most intense and breathless eagerness.
Love is like a musical score where you are the treble clef and he is the bass clef. Even if you are out of pitch, distorted or stop playing completely he will continue playing until you form a harmony once again.
Love is like coughing: you can't hide it.
Love is like life itself, not a comfortable and quiet situation, but a big, wonderful adventure. Marriage is not the end, but an opportunity to mature.
Love is like measles - everyone should experience it.
Love is like oxygen toxicity.
Love is like oxygen.
Love is like some fresh spring, that leaves its cresses, its gravel bed and flowers to become first a stream and then a river, changing its aspect and its nature as it flows to plunge itself in some boundless ocean, where restricted natures only find monotony, but where great souls are engulfed in endless contemplation.
Love is like soup, you have to avoid letting it cool down.
Love is like spring.
Love is like the Mafia: once you're in it, you can't get out.
Love is like the measles. The older you get it, the worse the attack.
Love is like the measles. We all have to go through it.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Love is like the moon; when it does not wax, it wanes.
Love is love, water is water, but you wouldn't drink from the toilet.
Love is love.
Love is making you blind.
Love is merely a lyrical way of referring to lust.
Love is more of a faith than a feeling, something you believe in or not.
Love is more powerful than death.
Love is more precious than gold.
Love is much more than just falling in love.
Love is my true identity. Selflessness is my true self. Love is my true character. Love is my name.
Love is mystery and misery indefinitely.
Love is nature's way of enticing people to reproduce.
Love is nature's way of tricking people into reproducing.
Love is never wasted.
Love is never without jealousy.
Love is never wrong.
Love is not a crime.
Love is not a finite resource.
Love is not a given and self-evident.
Love is not a passion, it's an illness.
Love is not enough.
Love is not for me.
Love is not important.
Love is not just a feeling, but also an art.
Love is not my path.
Love is not my thing.
Love is not outside you. It's inside you.
Love is not quantitative. If you love one hundred people, you cannot assign one hundredth of that love to each individual person. To say that you are not able to love one person because you love another is not real love.
Love is not talking nonsense.
Love is not what you think.
Love is not without fear.
Love is nothing more than a temporary hormone imbalance.
Love is only an invention.
Love is only one of many passions.
Love is over when one has forgotten what it is to miss.
Love is painful sometimes, but no love is more painful.
Love is patient and kind; love does not envy or boast; it is not arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing, but rejoices with the truth. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never ends. As for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.
Love is patient.
Love is possible.
Love is seeing her even in your dreams.
Love is seeing her in your dreams.
Love is selfish.
Love is simply a temporary hormonal imbalance.
Love is so complicated.
Love is so valuable that you can't even buy it.
Love is something that you can neither snatch away nor express.
Love is strong, but money is much more powerful.
Love is strong, but money is stronger.
Love is stronger than death.
Love is stronger than hatred.
Love is strongest in pursuit; friendship in possession.
Love is stupid.
Love is such an uncontrollable feeling.
Love is suffering.
Love is terrified of everything that is not itself.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Love is the answer for everything.
Love is the answer to everything.
Love is the answer.
Love is the answer. But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Love is the answer. But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty interesting questions.
Love is the bedrock of my life.
Love is the best joy of life.
Love is the best teacher.
Love is the bridge between you and everything.
Love is the cheapest of all religions.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Love is the cure.
Love is the death of peace of mind.
Love is the light of our lives. The marriage brings us the note.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
Love is the most beautiful surprise.
Love is the most intense feeling the human soul can experience.
Love is the most powerful energy that exists in the Universe.
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.
Love is the only thing that increases when we spend it.
Love is the only thing that matters.
Love is the pillar of marriage.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Love is the process of breaking and mending the heart of another.
Love is the source of all certainty, of all truth, of everything real.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love is to be regarded as the very energy of life.
Love is to be regarded as the very soul of life.
Love is to be regarded as the very spirit of life.
Love is transient.
Love is unmatched.
Love is what I really don't want to lose.
Love is what gives joy to all creation.
Love is what matters; everything else is extraneous.
Love is what we're made of.
Love is when both love mutually. When one loves is a disease.
Love is wonderful and beautiful.
Love is wonderful!
Love is worth more than gold.
Love is, like medicine, only the art of helping nature.
Love is, when it ends, ungrateful and moving. It is, perhaps, the saddest thing in the world.
Love isn't a crime.
Love isn't a feeling. It's a commitment.
Love isn't a game, so you can't just cherry pick the best bits!
Love isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Love isn't always easy and sometimes there are ups and downs.
Love isn't always so bitter.
Love isn't blind, but it's often stupid.
Love isn't blind, it's retarded.
Love isn't enough.
Love isn't just pain.
Love isn't meant for me.
Love isn't pity.
Love isn't sex.
Love isn't something that you can buy.
Love isn't something you can buy.
Love isn't that difficult.
Love isn't that hard.
Love isn't the only thing that matters.
Love isn’t a game, so you can’t just cherry pick the best bits!
Love isn’t the only thing that matters.
Love it or hate it, this vehicle was elected car of the year in 2014 in the U.K.
Love it or leave it.
Love jumped out in front of us, as an assassin jumps out of the ground in an alley, and struck both of us at once!
Love just knows the number two.
Love kills happiness, happiness kills love.
Love knows no borders.
Love knows no limits.
Love lasts.
Love like you've never been hurt.
Love listening?
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind; and therefore is wing’d Cupid painted blind: nor hath Love’s mind of any judgement taste; wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste: and therefore is Love said to be a child, because in choice he is so oft beguiled.
Love loves imperfectly.
Love loves love.
Love loves to love love.
Love made William more stupid.
Love made her lose her mind.
Love made him lose his mind.
Love make time pass and time makes love pass.
Love makes a house a home.
Love makes blind.
Love makes life easier.
Love makes the time pass. Time makes the love pass.
Love makes the world go around.
Love makes the world go round.
Love makes the world more colorful.
Love makes us suffer like dogs.
Love makes you blind.
Love makes you forget all forms of impossibility.
Love makes you temporarily insane.
Love may fade but can reignite over time.
Love me 'til my lips turn blue.
Love me lithe, love me long.
Love me little, love me long.
Love me or revile me, but do not ignore me.
Love me tender.
Love me tomorrow!
Love me!
Love me, love my dog.
Love me.
Love means a lot to me.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
Love moves in mysterious ways.
Love moves mountains.
Love moves the sun and other stars.
Love moves the world.
Love must be sanctified by marriage, and this passion becomes criminal if it's not consecrated by a sacrament.
Love must have wings to fly away from love, and to fly back again.
Love must triumph.
Love needs courage.
Love of democracy is love of equality.
Love of money is common to all men.
Love of money is the root of all evil.
Love often cheats us, hurts us and makes us unhappy; but we still love.
Love often requires compromise and teamwork.
Love one another as I have loved you.
Love one another, as I have loved you.
Love others as you love yourself!
Love overcomes any distance.
Love passes, leaving the memory of a kiss or a complaint in each heart.
Love people, and they'll love you too.
Love quickly burns out and turns into hate.
Love quickly wears off.
Love really is an uncontrollable feeling.
Love replenishes.
Love resembles spring.
Love respects no law and obeys no king.
Love rests on no foundation. It is an endless ocean, with no beginning or end.
Love revitalizes.
Love rules over hate.
Love sees no faults.
Love shines through their thoughtful gestures.
Love should be mutual, and I feel we're no longer aligned emotionally.
Love should be taken seriously, but not tragically.
Love shouldn't feel like a constant struggle.
Love songs move me.
Love soon turns into bitterness.
Love sought is good, but giv'n unsought is better.
Love sucks.
Love takes a backseat to money for you.
Love takes two.
Love the Lord with all your heart.
Love the earth.
Love the stranger, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Love them or hate them, the Bolsheviks killed Nicholas II.
Love thrives on trust and open communication.
Love to party!
Love transcends age, culture, and race.
Love transcends materialistic desires and focuses on the emotional bond between individuals.
Love troubles have the advantage of never being boring.
Love trumps hate.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Love turned into a chore rather than a pleasure.
Love undeniably has wings to fly away from love, but it's also undeniable that it also has wings to fly back.
Love undeniably has wings to fly away from love, but it’s also undeniable that it also has wings to fly back.
Love used to be a warm light in my life, but it faded away.
Love wants faith, and faith wants steadiness.
Love wants nothing from the other, it wants everything for the other.
Love was definitely in the air.
Love watching baseball and football.
Love what you do.
Love which is not unhappy is unworthy of figuring in the annals of literature.
Love will come in time.
Love will find a way.
Love will make men dare to die for their beloved.
Love will make men dare to die for their beloved. Of this Alcestis is a monument for she was willing to lay down her life for her husband and so noble did this appear to the gods that they granted her the privilege of returning to earth, but Orpheus, the son of Oeagrus, they sent empty away.
Love will make men dare to die for their beloved. Of this Alcestis is a monument for she was willing to lay down her life for her husband and so noble did this appear to the gods that they granted her the privilege of returning to earth.
Love will prevail.
Love will survive.
Love will triumph.
Love without sorrow cannot be.
Love works miracles.
Love you.
Love your children with your heart but raise them with your hand!
Love your children without condition.
Love your classmates! Love your parents! Love your country!
Love your comrades! Love your parents! Love your country!
Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you.
Love your enemies, for they point out your mistakes.
Love your enemies.
Love your father and your mother.
Love your fellow more than your money.
Love your god more than your father and mother with all your heart.
Love your hamster and give it plenty of care, it's a living creature.
Love your kids no matter what.
Love your mother.
Love your neighbor.
Love your neighbors.
Love your neighbour, but don't pull down the fence.
Love your neighbour.
Love your new house and your old friend.
Love your parents as dearly as your parents love you.
Love your parents.
Love yourself!
Love yourself. Go vegan!
Love yourselves. Go vegan!
Love's bliss lasts only a short while; lovesickness lasts an entire lifetime.
Love's impact on our lives unites us in its universal significance.
Love's intensity can wane as familiarity grows.
Love's pleasure is ephemeral; regret eternal.
Love's power lies in its ability to unite hearts.
Love, I find is like singing. Everybody can do enough to satisfy themselves, though it may not impress the neighbors very much.
Love, Jon.
Love, as they say, is blind.
Love, before everything, is about surrendering oneself.
Love, being jealous, makes a good eye look asquint.
Love, friendship, respect, do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Love, in fact, is the agent of universal synthesis.
Love, smoke and cough are hard to hide.
Love, what is that?
Love, which is a wonderful feeling, comes to everyone at some time in their life.
Love, you're going to kill me.
Love, you're gonna kill me.
Love-fifteen, ball was long.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage or by the removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder. This disease, like caries and many other ailments, is prevalent only among civilized races living under artificial conditions; barbarous nations breathing pure air and eating simple food enjoy immunity from its ravages. It is sometimes fatal, but more frequently to the physician than to the patient.
Love? What's that? I'm an orphan. I've never known love.
Love? What’s that? I’m an orphan. I’ve never known love.
Lovell and crewmates Jack Swigert and Fred Haise were in grave peril.
Lovell hopes his story and experiences inspire a new generation of explorers.
Lovely day, isn't it?
Lovely day, isn’t it?
Lovely flowers are growing everywhere.
Lovely ivy cascaded down and partially obscured the cave entrance.
Lovely jubbly.
Lovely sunset, isn't it?
Lovely sunset, isn’t it?
Lovely to see you again.
Lovemaking went away; bitterness remains.
Lover, come back to me.
Lovers are crazy.
Lovers are demented.
Lovers see only themselves in the world, but they forget that the world sees them.
Lovers who are truly in love do not write down their happiness.
Love’s screaming.
Loving Sami is a waste of time.
Loving Tom isn't easy.
Loving and being loved are the most joyful things in the world.
Loving attention is just what Layla needs.
Loving is half of believing.
Loving is the essence of life.
Loving someone isn't a sin.
Loving those who hate us sets us free.
Loving to work is the key to happiness.
Loving you brings me a sense of purpose in life.
Loving you has taught me the true meaning of unconditional love and selflessness.
Loving, of enemies is another dogma of feigned morality, and has besides no meaning.
Lovingkindness in Judaism is called chesed.
Low German and High German are separate languages.
Low German is closer to Frisian and Dutch than to High German.
Low German is closer to Frisian than to High German.
Low German is not a dialect, but a distinct language.
Low German is spoken in Bremen.
Low birth rates are an inevitable result of prosperity.
Low levels of vitamin D can lead to problems such as rickets, a deformity mainly found in children.
Low temperatures kept summits frozen most of the spring.
Low temperatures make water freeze.
Low temperatures turn water into ice.
Low-cost community schools attempt to fill the gap, but most of these educators are inadequately trained—so one organization is now teaching the teachers.
Low-cost gyms don't actually want the body-builder types.
Low-density lipoprotein is bad for your health.
Low-fat milk for me.
Low-lying lands will flood. This means that people will be left homeless and their crops will be destroyed by the salt water.
Lowcock said he is particularly worried because aid agencies have already had to cut rations and critical programs in the war-torn country due to the lack of money raised in 2020.
Lower Franconia is located in Bavaria in Germany.
Lower Sorbian is a beautiful and interesting language.
Lower air pressure makes it more difficult for humans to breathe and get enough oxygen.
Lower birthrates are the inevitable result of a more educated and affluent society.
Lower down in the atmosphere, these aerosols bump into each other and coagulate, and at the same time interact with other, neutral particles.
Lower lid before flushing.
Lower police morale.
Lower prices for oil and diamonds also resulted in GDP falling 0.7% in 2016.
Lower taxes don't cause deficits.
Lower taxes harm the poor.
Lower taxes help the economy.
Lower taxes stimulate economic growth.
Lower the barrier.
Lower the blinds more slowly.
Lower the blinds slower.
Lower the curtains.
Lower the periscope.
Lower the sound more.
Lower your eyes when speaking to me!
Lower your voice, Tom.
Lower your voice, Tom. You never know who could be listening.
Lower your voice.
Lower your voices!
Lower your voices.
Lower your weapon, Tom.
Lower your weapons and stand down.
Lower your weapons. I come in peace.
Loyal friends are more precious than gold.
Loyalty begets loyalty.
Loyalty doesn't exist anymore.
Loyalty is the most important thing in a friendship.
Loyalty to an ideal is sometimes harder to uphold than loyalty to a person.
Lt. Colonel Collins has logged over 5,000 flight hours in 30 different types of aircraft.
Lt. Gen. Osama Rabei, the head of the Suez Canal Authority, said in a statement that after “successful push and tow maneuvers,” the vessel’s stern had moved from 4 meters away from the bank of the canal to more than 100 meters away.
Luanda is the capital city of Angola.
Luanda is the capital of Angola.
Lubomir loves his mom.
Lubricating oil is oil for lubricating.
Luca is an Italian citizen.
Luca is more intelligent than you.
Luca's motorbike is faster than mine.
Lucario is a creature in the Pokémon series.
Lucas built a model airplane.
Lucas didn't dare accept the challenge.
Lucas encountered a hidden cave.
Lucas is a clever clogs.
Lucas is a know-it-all.
Lucas is a smart aleck.
Lucas is a wise-ass.
Lucas played soccer with friends.
Lucas used a stolen credit card.
Lucia doesn't have a brother.
Lucia doesn’t have a brother.
Lucia is a simple kind of girl.
Lucia knows Latin.
Lucia's once solid banana industry has been devastated by strong competition.
Luciano might have the crowd behind him, but he's still wet behind the ears.
Luciano might have the crowd behind him, but he’s still wet behind the ears.
Luciano, the underdog in the match, will be trying to make the champ eat humble pie.
Lucie isn't here. She's doing her good deed of the week.
Lucienne was coquettish, extremely coquettish; accustomed very early to being flattered because of her beauty, she must needs always be surrounded with homage, with compliments, with admirers!
Lucifera Vampirella is cute.
Luck abandoned Tom.
Luck and hard work are necessary if you want to advance in life.
Luck comes to those who look for it.
Luck does not smile twice.
Luck doesn't exist.
Luck doesn't smile on everyone.
Luck favours those who show merit.
Luck gradually smiled on me.
Luck had nothing to do with it.
Luck has been a constant companion for me.
Luck has been on my side in this competition.
Luck has gone against me.
Luck has nothing to do with it, Tom.
Luck has nothing to do with it.
Luck has turned its back on me.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Luck is a part of life.
Luck is against me.
Luck is blind.
Luck is like a woman - it must be desired.
Luck is not on my side.
Luck is our mother, mishap — our educator.
Luck left him.
Luck makes us arrogant, bad luck makes us wise.
Luck never comes knocking on my door.
Luck only works sometimes — work always works.
Luck plays an important part in life.
Luck plays an important part in our life.
Luck plays an important part in your life.
Luck plays an important role in our life.
Luck plays an important role in our lives.
Luck smiled on us then.
Luck smiles upon those whom Justice lets slip.
Luck turned in my favor.
Luck turned.
Luck was on our side.
Luck's not on your side.
Luck's on my side today.
Luckily I didn't have to ask Tom for help.
Luckily I heard him scream.
Luckily Tom didn't see Mary.
Luckily Tom didn't see me.
Luckily Tom didn’t see Mary.
Luckily for Neo, he has many friends in the bathhouse.
Luckily for Neo, there are lollipops for snack inside the bathhouse.
Luckily for Neo, there is Greek moussaka from the canteen in the bathhouse.
Luckily for Neo, there is Web access inside the bathhouse.
Luckily for Neo, there is a bubble tea vendor near the bathhouse.
Luckily for Neo, there is a water slide inside the bathhouse.
Luckily for Neo, there is a weightlifting set inside the bathhouse.
Luckily for Sami, Layla told no one about that.
Luckily for Ziri, Rima arrived to pick him up.
Luckily he did not see me.
Luckily he didn't come today.
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
Luckily he was there, otherwise we wouldn't be here now.
Luckily he's back to full health.
Luckily nobody died.
Luckily nobody drowned.
Luckily nobody got injured.
Luckily nobody got killed.
Luckily nobody got shot.
Luckily nobody got wet.
Luckily nobody saw what we did.
Luckily nobody was badly hurt when the truck ran into the school building.
Luckily nobody was hurt in the accident.
Luckily nobody was seriously injured.
Luckily she did not die.
Luckily she didn't come.
Luckily she won a scholarship.
Luckily the door was open.
Luckily there wasn't a traffic jam.
Luckily they didn't come today.
Luckily they invented pizza!
Luckily we succeeded.
Luckily we were successful.
Luckily you're alright.
Luckily you're here.
Luckily you're with her.
Luckily, Bruno didn't see Isabella again.
Luckily, Dick's father was not killed in the war.
Luckily, Dick’s father was not killed in the war.
Luckily, Diego didn't do any damage to Melissa's house.
Luckily, Felix never showed up again.
Luckily, Gabor had money to buy food.
Luckily, I didn't have to make that decision.
Luckily, I don't need to go there by myself.
Luckily, I don't need to worry about that anymore.
Luckily, I found my keys.
Luckily, I got hold of a branch and was saved from falling.
Luckily, I had a backup plan.
Luckily, I had a power bank with me.
Luckily, I have a mother who loves me.
Luckily, I have her shoulder to cry on.
Luckily, I have instant coffee packets in my bag.
Luckily, I made it to the repair shop in time.
Luckily, I managed to escape with my life.
Luckily, I spotted you, dog!
Luckily, I was able to do that by myself.
Luckily, I was able to do that.
Luckily, I was able to get the tickets yesterday.
Luckily, I was able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Luckily, I was able to travel abroad.
Luckily, I was wrong.
Luckily, I wasn't on the bus when it ran off the road into the river.
Luckily, I won first prize.
Luckily, I'm not like you.
Luckily, Janos hasn't been back.
Luckily, Leon's house was nearby.
Luckily, Mary doesn't smoke.
Luckily, Matthew knew the guy who worked at the gas station.
Luckily, Matthew made it to Algiers just fine.
Luckily, Oleg found his lost wallet under the couch.
Luckily, Oleg's door was locked.
Luckily, Oleg's favorite restaurant had a table available when he arrived.
Luckily, Oleg's flight was not delayed, and he arrived on time.
Luckily, Robert didn't notice.
Luckily, Robert has Martha for that.
Luckily, Rodrigo didn't fall for it.
Luckily, Stefan didn't work and was able to come pick Isabella up right away.
Luckily, Tom and I were able to get tickets.
Luckily, Tom and Mary were among the survivors.
Luckily, Tom and Mary were there.
Luckily, Tom and Mary weren't there.
Luckily, Tom came to our assistance.
Luckily, Tom didn't break anything.
Luckily, Tom didn't break everything.
Luckily, Tom didn't do that.
Luckily, Tom didn't get arrested.
Luckily, Tom didn't get caught.
Luckily, Tom didn't get fired.
Luckily, Tom didn't get injured.
Luckily, Tom didn't get killed.
Luckily, Tom doesn't know what I know.
Luckily, Tom had a good lawyer.
Luckily, Tom had an extra umbrella.
Luckily, Tom had some money I could borrow.
Luckily, Tom isn't my boss.
Luckily, Tom made some sound investments.
Luckily, Tom only suffered minor injuries.
Luckily, Tom survived.
Luckily, Tom was among the survivors.
Luckily, Tom was at hand.
Luckily, Tom was there to help Mary.
Luckily, Tom was there.
Luckily, Tom was wearing his seat belt.
Luckily, Tom wasn't injured.
Luckily, Tom wasn't killed in the accident.
Luckily, Tom wasn't killed in the war.
Luckily, Tom wasn't killed.
Luckily, Tom wasn't taken hostage.
Luckily, Tom wasn't there.
Luckily, Ziri came out just then.
Luckily, after years, her parents finally went travelling together.
Luckily, after years, his parents finally went travelling together.
Luckily, all of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Luckily, all the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Luckily, all the passengers were wearing their seatbelts.
Luckily, both of the drivers were wearing seat belts.
Luckily, he found a good seat.
Luckily, he was arrested here: the penalties there are much more serious.
Luckily, he was on time for the train.
Luckily, he won the championship.
Luckily, he won the game.
Luckily, it turned out well.
Luckily, it was warm this week.
Luckily, it wasn't that busy on the road.
Luckily, it worked.
Luckily, it's all backed up on my external hard drive.
Luckily, my guitar wasn't damaged in the flood.
Luckily, my mom agreed right away.
Luckily, my neighbour was able to jump-start my car.
Luckily, no one was injured.
Luckily, nobody was killed in the fire.
Luckily, nothing ever happens around here.
Luckily, our piano wasn't damaged in the flood.
Luckily, someone gave me a jacket to wear.
Luckily, that problem was solved at just the right time.
Luckily, the computer hasn't crashed.
Luckily, the door was locked.
Luckily, the giraffe sensed the danger and ran away.
Luckily, the guards intervened and prevented Ziri from stabbing Walid.
Luckily, the plane landed safely with no injuries.
Luckily, the police arrived four minutes later.
Luckily, the police arrived right away.
Luckily, the police came.
Luckily, the treatment was only ineffective instead of harmful.
Luckily, the treatment wasn't harmful. It was just ineffective.
Luckily, the weather turned out fine.
Luckily, the weather was good.
Luckily, the whole crew made it safely to shore.
Luckily, there is little crime in my town.
Luckily, there wasn't a traffic jam.
Luckily, to our advantage, it was pitch black.
Luckily, we found an escape route.
Luckily, we got to the station on time.
Luckily, we had plenty to eat and drink.
Luckily, we have a plan.
Luckily, we have an emergency fund.
Luckily, we have some savings.
Luckily, we have writers, alumni and fellow graduates, who really know how to write novels. Among them, one wrote "Iḍ d wass (Nights and days long)". He is Amar Mezdad.
Luckily, we succeeded.
Luckily, we were on an air-conditioned bus.
Luckily, we were successful.
Luckily, we've been able to reduce the number of fatal traffic accidents.
Luckily, when Tom dropped his eyeglasses, his lenses didn't get scratched.
Luckily, when Tom dropped his eyeglasses, his lenses weren't scratched.
Luckily, you were at home.
Lucky are those who forget everything.
Lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
Lucky for Ziri, he survived.
Lucky for me, I got just what I wanted.
Lucky of me to have forgotten to wear socks on the day it rains like hell.
Lucky you!
Lucky, aren't you?
Lucky, weren't they?
Lucky, weren't you?
Lucrecia helped because she wanted to.
Lucullo had many golden cups.
Lucy Ashton, in short, was involved in those mazes of the imagination which are most dangerous to the young and the sensitive.
Lucy accepted to marry a rich young man called Cecil.
Lucy aims to fly near seven of Jupiter's Trojan asteroids.
Lucy and I are not colleagues, we are classmates.
Lucy and I have about the same number of friends.
Lucy approached the young man and put her hand on his head.
Lucy called already?
Lucy came closer to the boy and laid her hand on his head.
Lucy came to see me three days ago.
Lucy can't use chopsticks.
Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
Lucy commenced some apology for their long delay, but, conscience-struck, became confused as she proceeded; and when Ravenswood, coming to her assistance, endeavoured to render the explanation complete and satisfactory, he only involved himself in the same disorder, like one who, endeavouring to extricate his companion from a slough, entangles himself in the same tenacious swamp.
Lucy covered her face with her hands, and the tears, in spite of her, forced their way between her fingers.
Lucy curls her hair with curlers.
Lucy decided to reveal her love.
Lucy denied what Mary was saying.
Lucy did not understand Mary's joke.
Lucy dismissed what Mary was saying.
Lucy dreams of becoming a veterinarian and healing animals.
Lucy dreams of becoming a veterinarian and treating animals.
Lucy felt a secret awe, amid all her affection for Ravenswood.
Lucy fired Mary.
Lucy found Mary.
Lucy has about the same number of friends as me.
Lucy has as many friends as I do.
Lucy is American.
Lucy is a pretty little girl.
Lucy is a student from America.
Lucy is a student from the States.
Lucy is afraid to walk home alone.
Lucy is an American student.
Lucy is an American.
Lucy is certain to come.
Lucy is from America.
Lucy is from the United States.
Lucy is killed twice.
Lucy is painting a portrait of Mischa.
Lucy is taking Mischa's portrait.
Lucy knows Mary.
Lucy lay senseless on the ground, insensible of the wonderful deliverance which she had experienced.
Lucy learns a lot through reading.
Lucy left and went to Worcestershire.
Lucy likes Mary.
Lucy likes playing tennis.
Lucy looked after my dog.
Lucy lost Mary.
Lucy made her parents happy.
Lucy met Mary.
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can't cook dinner for ten people alone.
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can’t cook dinner for ten people alone.
Lucy mistook Mary for my sister.
Lucy remained silent.
Lucy rubbed her thigh against Alyssa's pussy.
Lucy rubbed her thigh against her client's pussy.
Lucy seemed stiffened to stone by this unexpected apparition.
Lucy should be in the kitchen now.
Lucy sighed. She perceived too plainly that her lover held in scorn the manners and habits of her father.
Lucy sometimes visits May.
Lucy told Mary.
Lucy turned on the light switch.
Lucy was bantered by her grandparents.
Lucy was beside herself with excitement.
Lucy was brought up by her grandparents.
Lucy was full of pity, too, but she did not attempt to touch the dog, but looked at it in an agonised sort of way.
Lucy was originally from Thailand, but she works as an escort in Delhi.
Lucy was surprised at the ambiguity of his language.
Lucy was the shyest and most beautiful of all the girls in the land, and Caroll was the bravest and noblest of all the boys in the township.
Lucy wept on, but her tears were less bitter.
Lucy will certainly come.
Lucy will definitely get married to the pop singer.
Lucy witnessed a murder in the main square of Florence.
Lucy would often play the piano after dinner.
Lucy's bloodless lips could only falter out the words, “It was my mother.”
Lucy's cute, but she's got an atrocious character.
Lucy's essay was most concise.
Lucy's innocent crush turned into an obsession.
Lucy's mother told her to look after her younger sister.
Lucy's mother told her to take care of her younger sister.
Lucy, an aristocratic, becomes a victim of Dracula.
Lucy, my dear Lucy, are you safe?—are you well?
Lucy, whose senses were by this time more effectually collected, was naturally led to look at the stranger with attention.
Lucy’s cute, but she’s got an atrocious character.
Lucy’s essay was most concise.
Lucy’s innocent crush turned into an obsession.
Lucy’s mother told her to look after her younger sister.
Lucy’s mother told her to take care of her younger sister.
Lucía looked like a peanut in her first ultrasonography.
Ludovic has gone somewhere, but where?
Ludovic went somewhere, but where?
Ludwig van Beethoven was a German composer and pianist.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in the lovely town of Bonn, on the River Rhine, December 16, 1770.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born on December 16, 1770, at Bonn, then one of the most important cities on the lower Rhine.
Ludwik L. Zamenhof designed the Esperanto language for international communication.
Lugansk and Donetsk declared independence from Ukraine.
Luggage fell from the overhead lockers.
Luigi can jump higher than Mario.
Luigi didn't wash his car.
Luigi has become a sex symbol.
Luigi is Mario's brother.
Luigi is a boy who likes to learn.
Luigi is a boy who loves studying.
Luigi thought everything was owed to him.
Luigi thought he had a god-given right to everything.
Luigi, you need instructions on how to shut your mouth up!
Luis Bonfa is a great musician.
Luis Leal was a Mexican-American writer.
Luis María Mirón prefers the train to the airplane.
Luis María Mirón prefers trains to airplanes.
Luis always likes to play it safe.
Luis asked Olivia to clean the bathtub.
Luis bought a new product to clean the countertop.
Luis bought some cleaning vinegar.
Luis came for his doll.
Luis can hear his son.
Luis cleaned everything in the kitchen.
Luis cleaned his microwave with a sponge.
Luis cleaned his microwave with cleaning vinegar.
Luis cleaned out his microwave.
Luis cleaned the countertop.
Luis cleaned the kitchen counter.
Luis cleaned the microwave with a cleaning toothbrush.
Luis cleaned the microwave with a microfiber cloth.
Luis cycled to Algiers.
Luis didn't prepare his Berber lesson properly.
Luis does not know his English lesson.
Luis doesn't have the doll now.
Luis forgot to rinse the cloth.
Luis found a lot of build-up inside the dishwasher.
Luis found some wood and he made a big fire.
Luis found the doll on his bed.
Luis gave that enzyme cleaner a try.
Luis gave the countertop a final polish with a microfiber cloth.
Luis gave the crumb trail a quick rinse.
Luis gave the toaster a good wipe-down.
Luis got amazing results.
Luis got himself a microwave.
Luis got on the bus with his doll and sat down.
Luis had a map, too.
Luis had to pay back the expensive tripod with interest.
Luis had to walk five kilometers to the bus stop.
Luis has a beautifully finished countertop.
Luis has a natural stone countertop.
Luis has many Mexican friends.
Luis hasn't got any petrol.
Luis heard a big noise in the other room.
Luis heard a loud cry.
Luis is a midget.
Luis is friends with the goatherd, so he often brings goat cheese and milk home.
Luis is going to clean the microwave.
Luis is such a nice boy!
Luis just woke up from a nap.
Luis keeps his microwave clean.
Luis knows a super easy way to clean a microwave.
Luis left the doll on the table.
Luis likes using enzyme cleaners.
Luis lived in Algiers a lot of his life.
Luis lived in Algiers very briefly.
Luis looked and saw the doll.
Luis looked round the house and garden, but couldn't find Olivia.
Luis looked round the store.
Luis loves cleaning everything all the time.
Luis loves cleaning the microwave.
Luis needed a teaspoon of dish soap.
Luis needed to clean the microwave.
Luis needs to deal with the mess.
Luis needs to disinfect the countertop.
Luis opened the case and found a doll.
Luis opened the case and looked inside. The doll was in there.
Luis published many videos in which he criticized the racist apartheid regime.
Luis put everything back into the refrigerator.
Luis put his headphones on.
Luis put the camera on the tripod.
Luis put the doll on the table.
Luis put the doll on the top of the fire.
Luis ran away from the bus stop.
Luis ran out of his house.
Luis remembered the doll.
Luis removed the filter of the washing machine.
Luis said goodbye to Olivia at the door.
Luis sanitized the microwave.
Luis sat up in bed.
Luis scrubbed the interior of the microwave.
Luis spoke to the doll.
Luis sprayed the interior frame of the dishwasher with a special cleaner.
Luis sprayed the product onto the countertop.
Luis started cleaning the countertop.
Luis stood up for the old lady and she sat down.
Luis talked about how to clean the kitchen counter.
Luis tipped the toaster upside down.
Luis took the doll into the garden and buried it in the ground.
Luis took the doll out of its case and looked at it.
Luis tripped on the last step and fell down the stairs. Luckily, he didn't break anything, although he's pretty beat up.
Luis used a product that ruined the beautiful finish of the countertop.
Luis uses a cleaning toothbrush to clean the kitchen sink.
Luis very quickly learnt Berber.
Luis walked around in a circle.
Luis walked to the bus stop.
Luis wants to do more enjoyable things in his life.
Luis was afraid, but he opened the door.
Luis was at the bus stop.
Luis was so desperate to keep his Berber alive.
Luis was twenty-four when he started teaching Berber.
Luis was very afraid of the doll.
Luis was very tired when he found the lights of a village.
Luis went into the other room.
Luis went to Kabylie, in Algeria.
Luis went to bed and slept.
Luis went to the bus stop and waited.
Luis will have to find a gas station and buy some petrol.
Luis will write his book here, in Algeria.
Luis's blonde hair shone in the sun.
Luis's car stopped suddenly.
Luis's face was tired.
Luis's face went red.
Luis's microwave doesn't look that dirty.
Luis's microwave is disgusting.
Luis's microwave smells so good.
Luis's microwave smells wonderful.
Luis's microwave was disgusting.
Luis's microwave was full of grease.
Luis's microwave was squeaky clean.
Luis, wake up.
Luisa Leone opened her eatery in 1906 and was able to expand her clientele beyond Italian American diners, creating a model for other immigrant business owners to follow.
Luiza gave birth to twins.
Lukas abused his superpowers.
Lukas accepted his face.
Lukas accidentally knocked Rima unconscious.
Lukas advised Rima not to enter any disaster zone.
Lukas advised Rima to brush her teeth.
Lukas advised Rima to get some rest.
Lukas advised Rima to go to the bathroom first.
Lukas advised Rima to take the side streets.
Lukas allowed Rima to destroy the samples.
Lukas allowed the stranger to stay the night.
Lukas allowed them to take Rima.
Lukas and Amelia had a staring contest.
Lukas and Amelia haven't been getting along for a while.
Lukas and Amelia whispered to each other.
Lukas and Amelia work there together.
Lukas and Rima broke their relationship entirely.
Lukas and Rima communicated through Morse code.
Lukas and Rima connected on a much deeper level.
Lukas and Rima finished each other’s sentences.
Lukas and Rima had a big fight that caused their separation.
Lukas and Rima have a relationship.
Lukas and Rima immediately became friends.
Lukas and Rima reconnected.
Lukas and Rima shared an intimate moment.
Lukas and Rima stared at each other in admiration.
Lukas and Rima were taken to another planet.
Lukas and Rima were wearing the same watch.
Lukas and Rima will repopulate the new world.
Lukas and Rima worked together.
Lukas and Rima’s relationship is going through a rough patch.
Lukas apologized for not locking the door.
Lukas apologized for turning on the machine.
Lukas apologized to everyone before leaving.
Lukas appeared beside Rima.
Lukas appeared less intimidating.
Lukas appreciated that they named the ship after him.
Lukas approached the acid tank.
Lukas approached the center of the black hole.
Lukas approached the door and inspected it.
Lukas approached the fourth door.
Lukas approached the space station.
Lukas arrived and called his mother.
Lukas arrived and saw Rima on the floor.
Lukas arrived at school.
Lukas arrived at the hospital with Dr. Nani.
Lukas arrived at the house.
Lukas arrived in another trap.
Lukas arrived with Rima.
Lukas asked Amelia for her number and she gave it to him.
Lukas asked Amelia if that purse was hers.
Lukas asked Amelia to check the yard with him.
Lukas asked Amelia to come downstairs to see what John did.
Lukas asked Amelia to come outside to get the food.
Lukas asked Amelia to come to the door.
Lukas asked Amelia to get out of the pool.
Lukas asked Amelia to mop the floor before leaving.
Lukas asked Amelia to share her location with him and she did.
Lukas asked Amelia what she was doing alone out there.
Lukas asked Amelia what she was doing that night.
Lukas asked Amelia where she was going.
Lukas asked Amelia where she was headed.
Lukas asked Rima about her assailant.
Lukas asked Rima about the purpose of her experiment.
Lukas asked Rima if she knew what happened in that place.
Lukas asked Rima several questions.
Lukas asked Rima to let Walid go.
Lukas asked Rima to stop the car.
Lukas asked Rima to strip for him.
Lukas asked Rima to turn the machine off.
Lukas asked Rima what happened in the attic.
Lukas asked his father to return.
Lukas asked if Amelia was still OK.
Lukas asked to speak with Rima.
Lukas asked what went wrong with the experiment.
Lukas assured Rima that they were alone.
Lukas attached himself to the machine.
Lukas avoided contact with anyone who was in that area.
Lukas became a killer like Rima.
Lukas became a nightmare.
Lukas became a suspect by default because of his association with Rima.
Lukas became emotional as he read Rima’s message.
Lukas became even more dangerous.
Lukas became invisible.
Lukas became obsessed with the experiment.
Lukas became paranoid.
Lukas became part of the program.
Lukas became philosophical, asking Rima if life truly has meaning.
Lukas beeped his horn to stop the police car.
Lukas began crawling forward.
Lukas blamed Rima for everything that happened to him.
Lukas blamed himself.
Lukas blocked Rima’s way.
Lukas blocked the door.
Lukas boarded the ship.
Lukas bolted to the front of the house.
Lukas booked Rima for a psychiatrist visit.
Lukas bought his first house in 2004.
Lukas breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Amelia.
Lukas broke free.
Lukas broke into mad laughter.
Lukas broke into the room.
Lukas broke the glass.
Lukas broke the mirror.
Lukas broke the news of Rima’s death.
Lukas brought a lot of alcohol.
Lukas called 911 for police and an ambulance.
Lukas called Rima a drama queen.
Lukas called Rima on her cellphone.
Lukas called Rima pathetic and the fight escalated.
Lukas called a retirement home.
Lukas called again.
Lukas called an Uber to drive him home.
Lukas called an Uber to pick him up.
Lukas called for an Uber to drop him off at that address.
Lukas called his grandma and told her what happened.
Lukas called his insurance company.
Lukas called out to Rima but she didn’t hear him.
Lukas called out to Rima.
Lukas called out: "Hello!"
Lukas came back down with more chairs.
Lukas came back to save Rima.
Lukas came face to face with his worst nightmare: Rima.
Lukas came out after hearing the commotion.
Lukas came out and asked what was happening.
Lukas came out of the swimming pool for snacks.
Lukas came outside to look at Amelia's truck.
Lukas came over to Amelia and handed her the bills.
Lukas came to grab another beer.
Lukas came to help Amelia to get John upstairs.
Lukas can make the ship work.
Lukas can no longer be revived.
Lukas can no longer move forward.
Lukas can repair the android’s battery.
Lukas can see the spirit world.
Lukas can send a message to Rima.
Lukas can take care of Rima.
Lukas can take the drug.
Lukas can trust Rima.
Lukas can’t believe that he is dying.
Lukas can’t believe that that woman is really Rima.
Lukas can’t convince Rima that Walid is insane.
Lukas can’t easily lie about it.
Lukas can’t find Rima.
Lukas can’t focus.
Lukas can’t open the door.
Lukas can’t return to Earth.
Lukas can’t stand trial for Rima’s murder.
Lukas can’t take it anymore.
Lukas can’t talk about it.
Lukas captured the suspect.
Lukas carried out morally questionable operations.
Lukas caused Rima to fall off her chair.
Lukas chained Rima in his BDSM room.
Lukas changed into his pajamas.
Lukas chased after Rima, calling her names.
Lukas chased after Rima, threatening to sue her.
Lukas checked his cellphone.
Lukas checked the dining room window.
Lukas chose Rima, too.
Lukas chose to get euthanized.
Lukas cleaned his wound.
Lukas closed the blinds.
Lukas closed the hatch.
Lukas collected information about the planet.
Lukas completely ignored the fact that Rima was dying.
Lukas concluded that there was nothing physically wrong with Rima.
Lukas confirmed that there was light from a fire in the distance.
Lukas constructed a laboratory on the planet.
Lukas contemplated Rima’s proposition.
Lukas contemplated his next actions.
Lukas continued to play the violin with much passion.
Lukas continued to send transmissions to mission control.
Lukas controlled Rima’s body.
Lukas conversed with Rima about evolution.
Lukas cooked the pizzas.
Lukas could also join Rima.
Lukas could barely move.
Lukas could be in danger.
Lukas couldn't drive too fast.
Lukas couldn't hear Amelia anymore.
Lukas couldn't tell if it was Amelia or Rima.
Lukas couldn’t keep himself from killing people.
Lukas couldn’t send his research to Earth.
Lukas couldn’t stop killing.
Lukas crawled into the bed and waited.
Lukas crawled to get his gun.
Lukas created a clone of Rima.
Lukas cried in pain.
Lukas cut the cables with an axe.
Lukas danced with the pleasure doll.
Lukas decided to do some detective work.
Lukas decided to leave the room and go outside.
Lukas decided to meet Rima to find out what she knew.
Lukas decided to track down Rima’s mother.
Lukas defied Rima’s orders.
Lukas delivers food for an Algerian restaurant in London.
Lukas denied it.
Lukas desperately attempted to restart the engine.
Lukas despised the androids.
Lukas did a lot of damage.
Lukas did a lot of research about dung beetles.
Lukas didn't allow his guests to stay late.
Lukas didn't do a good job.
Lukas didn't find anything either.
Lukas didn't go to sleep until the sun started coming out.
Lukas didn't have time to make dinner, so he ordered some Mexican food.
Lukas didn't hear a response to his question.
Lukas didn't jump in the pool.
Lukas didn't raise the curtain that morning.
Lukas didn't see where Amelia went.
Lukas didn't seem to acknowledge Amelia.
Lukas didn't seem to have any friends in school.
Lukas didn't want Amelia in his car.
Lukas didn't want to come back.
Lukas didn't want to get wet.
Lukas didn't want to ring the bell.
Lukas didn’t condone Rima’s lies.
Lukas didn’t even know what to expect.
Lukas didn’t experience any side effects.
Lukas didn’t feel pain.
Lukas didn’t get the serum.
Lukas didn’t hear anything from Rima.
Lukas didn’t hide his excitement.
Lukas didn’t kill Rima.
Lukas didn’t respond.
Lukas didn’t say that directly.
Lukas didn’t seem too alarmed.
Lukas didn’t show in the security camera.
Lukas didn’t state his purpose.
Lukas died after five days.
Lukas died of radiation exposure.
Lukas died on Earth.
Lukas disappeared from Amelia's view.
Lukas disseminated Rima’s nude pictures over the Internet.
Lukas dodged the question.
Lukas does it every night.
Lukas doesn't know if the cops caught that driver.
Lukas doesn't need to give an explanation.
Lukas doesn’t answer his phone.
Lukas doesn’t care anymore if Rima wants to be with Walid.
Lukas doesn’t know who killed his partner.
Lukas doesn’t like the idea.
Lukas doesn’t need to track Rima down.
Lukas doesn’t want to see Rima in person.
Lukas doesn’t want to talk about it.
Lukas dragged Rima down with him.
Lukas dragged Rima to the study room.
Lukas dropped to the ground.
Lukas drove away from Amelia's house.
Lukas drove away from the house.
Lukas drove carefully around the unknown area.
Lukas drove down a road with no street lights.
Lukas drove off without taking a second to look back.
Lukas drove quickly and over the speed limit.
Lukas drove to an enclosed property.
Lukas emerged from the basement.
Lukas entered a narrow corridor.
Lukas entered a room to see his grandchildren.
Lukas entered his chamber.
Lukas entered the black hole.
Lukas entered the planet.
Lukas escaped from the hospital.
Lukas eventually disappeared.
Lukas examined Rima’s broken arm.
Lukas fantasized about Rima.
Lukas feels no pain at all.
Lukas fell into the vat.
Lukas felt an arm tug him down.
Lukas felt something strange was going on.
Lukas felt the urge to show his discovery to other scientists.
Lukas felt very relieved that Amelia was there at last.
Lukas finally calmed himself down.
Lukas finally disappeared.
Lukas finally left in peace.
Lukas finished preparing Rima for shock treatment.
Lukas finished the rest of his shift alone.
Lukas followed Rima to the corridor.
Lukas followed the unknown creature.
Lukas forced his way inside the bus.
Lukas forgot why he wanted to perform that experiment.
Lukas found Amelia at a Domino's.
Lukas found Rima eating a human brain in the lab.
Lukas found Rima in his room with his eyes covered.
Lukas found Rima inside the attic.
Lukas found Rima unconscious on the floor.
Lukas found Rima’s clothes on the ground.
Lukas found Rima’s dental records.
Lukas found a blonde girl named Amelia and he really connected with her.
Lukas found a gigantic worm in the basement.
Lukas found a treatment for his condition.
Lukas found books all over the floor.
Lukas found himself in his home.
Lukas found his father in his room.
Lukas found multiple weapons in the cabin.
Lukas found that enjoyable.
Lukas found the same thing.
Lukas frequently travels for meetings and conventions.
Lukas gave Amelia a disturbing smile as soon as they made eye contact.
Lukas gave Rima permission to take Walid to the park.
Lukas gave that a second thought.
Lukas gave the footage to the police.
Lukas got a request on a Thursday night to pick up a passenger stuck at a bus station.
Lukas got attacked by the kids.
Lukas got back in his car.
Lukas got back in his truck.
Lukas got briefed for the mission.
Lukas got hit by a car.
Lukas got home with Rima.
Lukas got in first.
Lukas got in the back seat.
Lukas got injured downstairs.
Lukas got lifted up.
Lukas got out of his car.
Lukas got out of the Uber.
Lukas got out of the car and shut the door.
Lukas got out of the car.
Lukas got out of the store empty-handed.
Lukas got paid for the whole shift.
Lukas got ready for deep sleep.
Lukas got scared when he heard a child crying.
Lukas got the upper hand.
Lukas grabbed Amelia's legs and tried pulling her down.
Lukas grabbed Rima’s leg.
Lukas grabbed the guitar and started to play the song.
Lukas had a chaotic gun.
Lukas had a connection with Rima.
Lukas had a freakish smile on his face.
Lukas had a greyish beard.
Lukas had a nightmare about a dark figure approaching him.
Lukas had a pool party in the backyard.
Lukas had a side job as a part-time janitor at a school.
Lukas had a small party in the backyard.
Lukas had access to another dimension.
Lukas had burns on his arm.
Lukas had no one to talk to about it.
Lukas had no time to dispose of those dead bodies.
Lukas had security cameras all around.
Lukas had some drinks.
Lukas had some trouble sleeping.
Lukas had to finish that delivery.
Lukas had to go to the bathroom.
Lukas had to leave early.
Lukas had to say hello like five times before Amelia finally started speaking.
Lukas handed Rima her new identity.
Lukas has Rima’s eyes.
Lukas has a clone.
Lukas has a daughter who should be turning four today.
Lukas has a relationship with Rima.
Lukas has a virtual girlfriend.
Lukas has already crossed the line.
Lukas has already had a camera system installed.
Lukas has already made up his mind.
Lukas has already risked his job to help Rima.
Lukas has become very sensitive to light.
Lukas has been blind for so long.
Lukas has been exposed to the radiation.
Lukas has been having nightmares.
Lukas has been on that planet for almost an hour.
Lukas has been seeing and experiencing strange things.
Lukas has escaped.
Lukas has finally given up on life.
Lukas has forsaken his duty as a cop when he helped Rima escape.
Lukas has gone crazy.
Lukas has got something for Amelia.
Lukas has grown distant.
Lukas has just created the first level of his game.
Lukas has nothing to fear.
Lukas has only four minutes left.
Lukas has respiratory problems.
Lukas has taken Rima’s sister hostage.
Lukas has the right to explore other options.
Lukas has to destroy the machine.
Lukas hasn't been seen for nearly five years.
Lukas hasn't seen Amelia for a while now.
Lukas headed downstairs.
Lukas heard Amelia moaning in pain.
Lukas heard Amelia's car moving.
Lukas heard a buzzing sound.
Lukas heard a commotion downstairs.
Lukas heard a humming.
Lukas heard a loud knocking on the front door.
Lukas heard a voice going hello like every ten seconds.
Lukas heard coughing outside.
Lukas heard flies in the room.
Lukas heard footsteps come to the door.
Lukas heard footsteps following him.
Lukas heard his phone ringing. He assumed it was Amelia, so he picked up.
Lukas heard screams come from the pool.
Lukas heard the voice again.
Lukas held a grudge against Rima.
Lukas hid under the blankets.
Lukas hit Rima with a metal pipe when she turned around.
Lukas hopes this never happens to anyone.
Lukas hugged Rima tightly as if it was the last time.
Lukas hurried to help the girl stuck inside the RV.
Lukas ignored Rima’s plea.
Lukas ignored Rima’s recommendation.
Lukas ignored Rima’s warning.
Lukas ignored that and drove away.
Lukas ignored the noise and went back to sleep.
Lukas immediately approached the glass door.
Lukas immediately kissed Rima.
Lukas immediately locked the door.
Lukas immediately ran back home.
Lukas immediately went to the attic.
Lukas inched his way closer to the front door.
Lukas informed Rima he already did that.
Lukas informed Rima that her donor was from Mexico.
Lukas injected Rima with the serum.
Lukas injected half of the serum into Rima’s body before injecting himself with the other half.
Lukas injected himself with the invisibility serum.
Lukas insisted on driving downtown.
Lukas inspected the room.
Lukas installed some security cameras.
Lukas instantly recognized Amelia's face.
Lukas introduced himself to Rima.
Lukas invented an invisibility serum.
Lukas is Lithuanian.
Lukas is Rima’s lab assistant.
Lukas is Rima’s mentor.
Lukas is Rima’s second son.
Lukas is Rima’s worker.
Lukas is a genetic engineer.
Lukas is a little piece of fucking shit.
Lukas is a mad scientist.
Lukas is a morning person.
Lukas is about 33% cuter than Tom.
Lukas is already having a hard time breathing.
Lukas is always alone.
Lukas is an Algerian violinist.
Lukas is another member of the crew.
Lukas is considered armed and dangerous.
Lukas is intolerant to light.
Lukas is just over there.
Lukas is picking up a girl named Amelia.
Lukas is safe now.
Lukas is standing by the window to watch Rima’s house.
Lukas is still curious.
Lukas is the antagonist of the film.
Lukas is the guy Amelia is delivering food for.
Lukas is the handyman.
Lukas is very old and has lost a bit of his wits.
Lukas is wearing a mask now.
Lukas isn't fluent in Berber by any means, but he understood Amelia's swear words.
Lukas isn't going in that room.
Lukas isn't going in there.
Lukas isn’t coming back.
Lukas jumped into the pool off the diving board.
Lukas jumped out of the bed and ran to open the door.
Lukas just decided to leave, too.
Lukas just dropped the subject.
Lukas just kept saying: "Help!"
Lukas just landed on the planet.
Lukas just said hi to the driver.
Lukas just saw Amelia at the window.
Lukas just went about his own business.
Lukas kept rejecting Amelia's calls.
Lukas kept seeing fire.
Lukas kept the diamonds in a locked vault.
Lukas kept trying not to look at Amelia.
Lukas kicked at Amelia's door while passing.
Lukas killed Rima by snapping her neck.
Lukas killed a Senator.
Lukas killed a retired CIA operations chief.
Lukas killed people.
Lukas knew Amelia better.
Lukas knew for certain that he had just gotten a flat tire.
Lukas knew he was being followed.
Lukas knew something was going on.
Lukas knew that Walid was a murderer.
Lukas knocked Rima down with a kick.
Lukas knows that Rima is ruthless.
Lukas knows that Rima is still out there.
Lukas learnt more about the incident.
Lukas led Rima to a conference room.
Lukas left Rima in disbelief.
Lukas left Rima to die.
Lukas left Rima unharmed.
Lukas left his room.
Lukas left the back door open.
Lukas left the door open.
Lukas left the lab.
Lukas left to meet with Rima downstairs.
Lukas let Rima borrow his phone.
Lukas let Rima use his phone.
Lukas lived five minutes away from a McDonald's.
Lukas lived in an average-size house.
Lukas lived in the woods near Amelia's home.
Lukas lives in a house across the street.
Lukas lives in a less congested town.
Lukas lives in a suburb of Algiers.
Lukas locked up the building when all the other janitors left.
Lukas locked up the school.
Lukas looked at Amelia through the mirror.
Lukas looked at himself in the mirror.
Lukas looked at the doll.
Lukas looked away.
Lukas looked for his mother in the cannery.
Lukas looked in his rear view mirror and saw Amelia running after his car.
Lukas looked to be in his forties, yet his head was completely bald.
Lukas looked under the blanket.
Lukas looked under the curtain and saw Amelia.
Lukas looked up and saw a huge spider on the ceiling.
Lukas lost consciousness.
Lukas lost five thousand dinars and his ID's in his wallet.
Lukas lost his eyesight again.
Lukas lost his eyesight but this didn’t stop him from being happy in life.
Lukas lost his partner.
Lukas lost his sight when he was five years old.
Lukas lowered the curtain back down.
Lukas lured Amelia to an unknown location.
Lukas made a lot of money that night.
Lukas made a mistake with the address.
Lukas made his way inside.
Lukas made his way to the front of the house.
Lukas made it back to his dorm room.
Lukas made sure all the doors were locked.
Lukas made sure to visit Rima first.
Lukas managed to break free.
Lukas managed to climb out of the vent.
Lukas managed to crush the monster’s skull.
Lukas managed to stop Rima.
Lukas managed to survive the explosion.
Lukas marked the order as delivered and drove back to the restaurant.
Lukas may be telling the truth about the experiment.
Lukas misused his superpowers.
Lukas moved away from the window.
Lukas moved the bags to the bushes.
Lukas neared the stratosphere of the planet.
Lukas needs to execute plan B.
Lukas needs to fetch his wife downtown.
Lukas needs to translate that into practice.
Lukas never injected Rima with the serum.
Lukas never returned to Amelia's apartment.
Lukas never uses food delivery apps.
Lukas no longer had a pulse.
Lukas noticed a spike strip in Amelia's driveway.
Lukas noticed footprints on the carpet.
Lukas observed the creature.
Lukas occasionally does some deliveries for Amelia's restaurant.
Lukas offered Amelia a spot on the couch to sleep.
Lukas only had five seconds to act.
Lukas only needs a short amount of time to commit the unimaginable.
Lukas only wants Rima to be the best she can be.
Lukas opened the door and walked himself out.
Lukas opened the door for Rima.
Lukas opened the trap door and went down to the basement.
Lukas opened up the app and saw Amelia's message.
Lukas opposed the experiment.
Lukas parked his car in the driveway.
Lukas passed away last night.
Lukas passed the test.
Lukas peeled off the skin on his face.
Lukas picked up after a few rings.
Lukas planned on conducting a study on those creatures.
Lukas planned on taking the children with him.
Lukas planned to leave.
Lukas planned to returned to Earth.
Lukas played some games on his phone.
Lukas pointed the gun at Rima.
Lukas prepared coffee for his wife.
Lukas prepared the van.
Lukas prepared to hang himself.
Lukas prepared to head to the location.
Lukas prepared to lock the hatch.
Lukas prepared to stop Rima.
Lukas prepared to visit Rima and the children.
Lukas progressed.
Lukas promised to give Rima the serum.
Lukas provided for his family the best he could.
Lukas pulled the string to raise the curtain up.
Lukas pulled the wires from the circuit breakers.
Lukas pulled up to the curb and Amelia got in the car.
Lukas pulled up to where Amelia was.
Lukas punched Rima.
Lukas pursued treatment for his condition.
Lukas pushed Rima back into the hole.
Lukas pushed Rima down on the table.
Lukas pushed Rima out the window.
Lukas pushed himself through the barbed wire, getting injured.
Lukas pushed the battery inside the android.
Lukas put a hazmat suit on.
Lukas put down the gun.
Lukas put on a serious face and asked Rima to stop.
Lukas put the pizza on the kitchen table.
Lukas put the spike strip there deliberately.
Lukas quickly called Rima.
Lukas quickly dropped to the floor.
Lukas quickly regained his self-control.
Lukas quickly went to Rima’s workplace.
Lukas quit that job five weeks later.
Lukas raised the curtain and peeked under it.
Lukas ran down the stairs with the food still in his hands.
Lukas ran down to the basement.
Lukas ran to answer the door.
Lukas ran to fetch a tip.
Lukas ran to his house to call the cops.
Lukas ran to his truck.
Lukas ran to save Rima.
Lukas ran to the attic.
Lukas ran to the basement door and opened it.
Lukas ran to the kitchen to grab the biggest knife he had.
Lukas ran towards the front door.
Lukas ran towards the machine.
Lukas ran up the stairs.
Lukas rang the bell and an old woman opened the door.
Lukas rang the doorbell and waited for someone to open.
Lukas reached a pool of water.
Lukas reached his floor.
Lukas reached the circuit breakers.
Lukas read Rima’s test results.
Lukas realized he was inside the remains of a burnt restaurant.
Lukas realized it was only five am.
Lukas really had the serum.
Lukas received high praise from the commander.
Lukas received news that Rima was dying.
Lukas reconnected with Rima.
Lukas refused to disclose that information.
Lukas refused to leave.
Lukas refused to let Rima in.
Lukas refused to say more unless his safety was guaranteed.
Lukas refused to shut the machine down.
Lukas refused to take it.
Lukas regretted not going there to save his wife.
Lukas relies on his other senses.
Lukas remained perplexed.
Lukas remembers Rima dying.
Lukas remembers the ghost in the abandoned house.
Lukas reminded Rima that the world is beautiful.
Lukas removed Rima’s blindfold.
Lukas removed his helmet and exposed himself to the planet’s toxic hair.
Lukas removed his protective gear.
Lukas replied almost instantly.
Lukas requested Rima to view the video message.
Lukas resisted Rima’s advances.
Lukas restarted the machine.
Lukas returned to Rima’s house.
Lukas rummaged through Rima’s belongings.
Lukas rushed out the doorway.
Lukas rushed through the front door.
Lukas rushed to the hospital to see Rima.
Lukas rushed towards the house.
Lukas said he lost a brother.
Lukas said he was Amelia's father.
Lukas said he was capable of controlling every molecule in Rima’s body.
Lukas said he was doing that for humanity.
Lukas said his goodbyes to his children.
Lukas said his only goal was to save humanity.
Lukas said no in a firm voice.
Lukas said that the experiment was unethical.
Lukas sat in his truck for a little bit, thinking.
Lukas sat on a thick branch in the tree.
Lukas saved the company.
Lukas saw Rima arriving.
Lukas saw Rima being taken away by a dark figure.
Lukas saw Rima talking to a dark figure.
Lukas saw Rima undressing in front of him.
Lukas saw a dark figure moving towards him.
Lukas saw a distortion in space.
Lukas saw a faint yellow light emanating from that corner of the basement.
Lukas saw a hint of light coming from the woods.
Lukas saw a vision of his daughter, Rima.
Lukas saw a woman on his stoep.
Lukas saw flashbacks of his life.
Lukas saw light ahead of him and assumed it was daylight.
Lukas saw no one.
Lukas saw nothing but darkness.
Lukas saw smoke rising from the downtown skyline.
Lukas saw strange symbols on the wall.
Lukas saw the bathroom door closing.
Lukas saw the blankets.
Lukas saw the devastation.
Lukas saw the front door open.
Lukas saw the ghost again.
Lukas saw the girl from his dream.
Lukas saw the glass breaking.
Lukas saw the trap door suddenly closing.
Lukas saw the world differently.
Lukas scrambled for his equipment.
Lukas screamed and cried until he realized it was no use.
Lukas screamed for help as he was dragged away.
Lukas screamed for help.
Lukas searched through Rima’s bag.
Lukas seduced Rima.
Lukas seemed enchanted with the idea.
Lukas seemed to be asleep.
Lukas seemed to be gone.
Lukas sees the world for what it really is.
Lukas sensed that something was wrong.
Lukas sent back inside and looked around the house for Amelia.
Lukas sent his first message.
Lukas shared his discovery about the planet.
Lukas shared his location with Amelia.
Lukas shot Rima as she transformed into something more monstrous.
Lukas shot the drone down.
Lukas should just drive home slow.
Lukas shouted at Rima to stay.
Lukas showed the cops to the basement door.
Lukas showed up again.
Lukas showed up and hit Rima with a metal bar.
Lukas showed up and stopped Rima.
Lukas showed up with his bathing suit.
Lukas signed a witness statement.
Lukas simply wanted to live happily.
Lukas skipped the justice system.
Lukas slammed the door shut and told Amelia to follow him to the kitchen.
Lukas slowed down the speed a little bit.
Lukas solved that problem.
Lukas soon disappeared.
Lukas sprinted faster than he had ever run in his life.
Lukas squeezed himself into the vent.
Lukas stabbed Rima with a pen.
Lukas started bleeding from his nose and fell to the ground.
Lukas started calling Amelia.
Lukas started chasing Rima.
Lukas started drinking.
Lukas started getting impatient.
Lukas started hearing someone's voice outside.
Lukas started his message by cursing at his father.
Lukas started messaging people on Tinder.
Lukas started texting everyone about it.
Lukas started the backyard fire pit.
Lukas started the journey back to Earth.
Lukas started to act like Rima.
Lukas started to push his way across the crowd to catch up to Rima.
Lukas started to run, too.
Lukas started to tiptoe over to the piano.
Lukas started to walk away.
Lukas started walking around the block.
Lukas stayed in the car.
Lukas stayed out of sight.
Lukas stayed still.
Lukas stayed up that whole night.
Lukas stepped into Amelia's room.
Lukas stepped into the living room.
Lukas stepped out onto the front deck.
Lukas still couldn’t contact Rima.
Lukas still has a strong sense of morality.
Lukas still has all the advantages.
Lukas still thinks that Rima is delusional.
Lukas still wants to continue the experiment.
Lukas stole Amelia's phone somehow.
Lukas stood by the window.
Lukas stood guard outside Rima’s house.
Lukas stood there in silence.
Lukas stopped and realized that the figure was just an illusion.
Lukas stopped in front of Amelia.
Lukas stormed into the house.
Lukas struggled to break free from the monster’s grip.
Lukas struggled to move forward.
Lukas struggled to sleep that night.
Lukas successfully carried out the experiment.
Lukas successfully saved Rima.
Lukas suddenly appeared in the room with an axe.
Lukas suddenly attacked Rima.
Lukas suddenly grabbed the phone and smashed it on the ground.
Lukas suddenly jumped out the window.
Lukas suddenly pushed Rima out of the way and escaped out of the room.
Lukas suddenly saw the dark figure again.
Lukas suddenly woke up and realized he had just had a nightmare.
Lukas suggested performing a cat scan on Rima.
Lukas surrendered his mind to the witch.
Lukas switched off the machine.
Lukas swore he didn’t know what Rima was talking about.
Lukas takes phone calls.
Lukas talked to Rima about ghosts.
Lukas talked to the patient next to him.
Lukas teased Rima for saying that.
Lukas thanked Amelia and hung up.
Lukas thinks that there is nothing wrong with his heart.
Lukas thought Rima was dead.
Lukas thought his ordeal would never end.
Lukas thought of a plan to save his company.
Lukas threatened to take Rima back to the station if she didn’t talk.
Lukas threw the book away out of anger.
Lukas threw the car in reverse and drove away.
Lukas told Amelia he was calling the cops and hung up.
Lukas told Amelia it was time to leave.
Lukas told Amelia she was going the wrong way.
Lukas told Amelia that he didn't see her.
Lukas told Amelia the address she gave him was wrong.
Lukas told Amelia to be careful.
Lukas told Amelia to call Grandma.
Lukas told Amelia to come in.
Lukas told Amelia to get back in the car.
Lukas told Amelia to meet him near campus.
Lukas told Rima an unbelievable story.
Lukas told Rima how much he loved her.
Lukas told Rima not to believe John.
Lukas told Rima that he believed her.
Lukas told Rima that he couldn’t spend time with her.
Lukas told Rima there was a fire at the cannery where Walid worked.
Lukas told Rima to destroy the machine.
Lukas told Rima to do that.
Lukas told Rima to find Walid.
Lukas told Rima to go home.
Lukas told Rima to meet him at an address in Algiers.
Lukas told Rima to turn the machine off.
Lukas told Walid that his wife was probably safe.
Lukas told the cops the whole story.
Lukas told the police where to go.
Lukas took Rima into his arms and kissed her.
Lukas took Rima to a dressing room.
Lukas took Rima to a soccer game.
Lukas took a good look at Amelia.
Lukas took advantage of that.
Lukas took another good look at Amelia and didn't say anything.
Lukas took control of Rima’s body.
Lukas took great pains to cover up his tracks.
Lukas took off Rima’s bandages.
Lukas took out a flashlight and started walking down the stairs slowly.
Lukas took the ladder back to the shed.
Lukas took the risk of injecting himself with the serum.
Lukas took the woman to the hospital.
Lukas transformed himself into a flying monster.
Lukas treats schizophrenics like lab animals.
Lukas tried calling Amelia.
Lukas tried calling Rima but she wasn’t answering.
Lukas tried to change Rima’s mind.
Lukas tried to contact his wife again.
Lukas tried to devour Rima’s head.
Lukas tried to find another route.
Lukas tried to find the rest of the wreckage.
Lukas tried to get out of the van to escape.
Lukas tried to hold Rima back.
Lukas tried to inject Rima with the serum.
Lukas tried to log into his account.
Lukas tried to look on the other side.
Lukas tried to shoot the drone down.
Lukas tried to stab Rima in the vehicle.
Lukas tried to touch the wall.
Lukas turned Rima into a guinea pig.
Lukas turned around to face Amelia.
Lukas turned left.
Lukas turned on the light of the basement.
Lukas turned on the machine again.
Lukas turned on the machine.
Lukas turned on the power.
Lukas turned the lights on and off again.
Lukas turned the machine back on.
Lukas turned the machine off.
Lukas understood what happened to Rima.
Lukas unleashed diabolical creatures from another dimension.
Lukas unzipped the tent and went inside.
Lukas urged Rima to do that.
Lukas used his scanner and spotted an invisible figure in the trees.
Lukas used that opportunity to save Rima.
Lukas used the symbols as a guide.
Lukas used to work at Domino's.
Lukas used to work for that company.
Lukas used whatever Berber words he remembered from high school to tell Amelia that if she needed anything, she could call him.
Lukas vanished again.
Lukas vanished in Rima’s arms.
Lukas visited Rima after her cornea transplant.
Lukas vividly remembers that horrifying incident.
Lukas waited a lot longer than that.
Lukas waited for Amelia to come in.
Lukas waited for Rima as long as he could.
Lukas waited for the door to open.
Lukas waited for the elevator doors to open.
Lukas waited for the tip.
Lukas walked a little closer to the fire.
Lukas walked into complete darkness.
Lukas walked over there.
Lukas walked through the back door.
Lukas walked through the corridor, too.
Lukas walked up to the house and rang the bell.
Lukas wanted Amelia to come in.
Lukas wanted Rima to accept her new identity.
Lukas wanted Rima to be strong.
Lukas wanted Rima to feel guilty.
Lukas wanted people to help him for who he was.
Lukas wanted to be more discreet.
Lukas wanted to change something.
Lukas wanted to complete the experiment.
Lukas wanted to conduct another experiment.
Lukas wanted to destroy the machine.
Lukas wanted to get there sooner.
Lukas wanted to know who his donor was.
Lukas wanted to prove his theory.
Lukas wanted to pursue knowledge.
Lukas wanted to remain hidden.
Lukas wanted to take it slow.
Lukas wants Rima to go to college.
Lukas wants justice for his partner.
Lukas wants to tell the media the truth.
Lukas warned Rima again.
Lukas warned Rima that something terrible had happened.
Lukas was a part of a government experiment.
Lukas was about to confront Walid.
Lukas was about to do that.
Lukas was acting like a junkie.
Lukas was affected by Rima’s emotional speech.
Lukas was affected by the toxic ash.
Lukas was against the idea.
Lukas was also wearing a mask.
Lukas was always in a bad mood.
Lukas was asking for his report card.
Lukas was astounded by what was happening.
Lukas was at a cocktail party.
Lukas was at a soccer game.
Lukas was attacked again.
Lukas was being watched in the store by some creepy man.
Lukas was blood-thirsty.
Lukas was chased by a crawling creature.
Lukas was chased by a grotesque monster.
Lukas was cheating on Rima with a woman he met online.
Lukas was comforting Rima.
Lukas was contaminated with toxic chemicals.
Lukas was decently drunk.
Lukas was declared as a suspect.
Lukas was delivering some Mexican food to someone named John.
Lukas was desperate to save Rima.
Lukas was determined to get answers.
Lukas was driving in a very stiff and upright position.
Lukas was driving towards the cul-de-sac.
Lukas was eager to meet someone.
Lukas was eager to use the machine.
Lukas was eating cereal.
Lukas was following Rima undetected.
Lukas was forcibly taken to the bathroom.
Lukas was genuinely unsettled.
Lukas was getting his wounds treated.
Lukas was going downtown to fetch Rima.
Lukas was growing increasingly uncomfortable.
Lukas was handed over to the feds.
Lukas was having a good time in the pool.
Lukas was headed to the space station.
Lukas was hesitant at first, but accepted.
Lukas was hiding under the cloth.
Lukas was hiding under there.
Lukas was hitchhiking in a remote location.
Lukas was holding something familiar.
Lukas was housesitting for his grandmother that weekend.
Lukas was hurt by Rima’s comments.
Lukas was in a deep sleep.
Lukas was in a virtual world.
Lukas was in denial.
Lukas was in the living room.
Lukas was in the storage room.
Lukas was inside the building.
Lukas was inside the house of Rima.
Lukas was interrogated by the feds.
Lukas was just standing in the corner.
Lukas was kept alive.
Lukas was killed in an accident.
Lukas was led to a bigger chamber.
Lukas was left alone.
Lukas was looking for a way to escape.
Lukas was lying on the floor in a bloody mess.
Lukas was more cautious than Rima.
Lukas was near Amelia's house.
Lukas was not in favor of locking up schizophrenic patients.
Lukas was not interested in Rima’s private life.
Lukas was off on his way.
Lukas was on a new planet.
Lukas was on his way out.
Lukas was only interested in saving his own skin.
Lukas was outside the station.
Lukas was prepared for electroshock therapy.
Lukas was previously in the special forces.
Lukas was pushed and dragged all over the room by an invisible force.
Lukas was ready for the spring concert series.
Lukas was repeatedly hit by bolts of electricity.
Lukas was responsible of the tragedy.
Lukas was sane.
Lukas was screaming in pain.
Lukas was seen at the scene of the crime.
Lukas was standing between two big trees.
Lukas was still awake.
Lukas was still in the pool.
Lukas was still vulnerable.
Lukas was sunbathing on that beach.
Lukas was surprised by his friends.
Lukas was taking a different route.
Lukas was taking medication.
Lukas was talking about his dead son.
Lukas was terrified and seemed claustrophobic.
Lukas was texting people.
Lukas was the last to survive.
Lukas was the most unfortunate victim in that tragedy.
Lukas was the test subject.
Lukas was throwing a high school graduation pool party on the weekend.
Lukas was told to deliver five pizzas to that address.
Lukas was too intoxicated by the power of invisibility.
Lukas was tracking down the number that sent the threatening message to Rima.
Lukas was transferred to the virtual world.
Lukas was transformed into something more hideous.
Lukas was trying to find Amelia.
Lukas was trying to find his way out of the disaster zone.
Lukas was trying to listen.
Lukas was trying to make sense of the situation.
Lukas was uncontrollable.
Lukas was unsure how he got there.
Lukas was upset with Amelia that she took so long.
Lukas was upstairs with a girl.
Lukas was using a stolen credit card.
Lukas was waiting for someone.
Lukas was walking down that road.
Lukas was walking in Amelia's direction.
Lukas was watching video messages from his family.
Lukas was weirded out by that.
Lukas was willing to let Rima live.
Lukas was willing to take risks.
Lukas wasn't the smartest man around.
Lukas wasn’t hallucinating.
Lukas watched the waterfalls.
Lukas weigh his options of visiting Rima.
Lukas went back downstairs.
Lukas went back outside with snacks and drinks.
Lukas went back to the door and knocked once again.
Lukas went down the creaky steps.
Lukas went down to his den.
Lukas went down to the basement again.
Lukas went downstairs with his shoes on.
Lukas went inside the bus.
Lukas went inside to get some tools.
Lukas went inside, slammed his door shut and locked it.
Lukas went into a deep sleep.
Lukas went into the pool with the rest of the guests.
Lukas went on his way back to the restaurant.
Lukas went out of the bathroom.
Lukas went out to a downtown club.
Lukas went outside.
Lukas went over to that door and tried the door knob. It was locked.
Lukas went straight to the police station.
Lukas went the opposite way.
Lukas went through the labyrinth.
Lukas went to Rima to see how she was doing.
Lukas went to a planet located near a black hole.
Lukas went to sleep for a while.
Lukas went to the area.
Lukas went to the attic.
Lukas went to the basement bathroom.
Lukas went to the kitchen to get a glass of water.
Lukas went to the window to look out to the pool.
Lukas went to turn off the circuit breakers.
Lukas went up the five stairs to the front door and knocked.
Lukas went upstairs to brush his teeth and get ready for bath.
Lukas went upstairs to check on Rima.
Lukas will be back in no time.
Lukas will be staying at the psychiatric ward.
Lukas will call someone.
Lukas will eventually reach out for Rima.
Lukas will handle everything.
Lukas will kill Rima if she doesn’t comply.
Lukas will probably end up back in the asylum for the things he did.
Lukas will soon be fine.
Lukas wished Rima good luck.
Lukas witnessed the police stopping a van.
Lukas woke up in a hospital.
Lukas wondered how the kids would react.
Lukas wondered what Rima was talking about.
Lukas wondered what those symbols could possibly mean.
Lukas won’t stay outside for long.
Lukas worked five different jobs.
Lukas worked for an Algerian tech company.
Lukas works as an Uber driver at night to make some extra cash.
Lukas works next door.
Lukas worried about Rima’s worsening condition.
Lukas would die in a month without the serum.
Lukas would stop at nothing to complete an experiment.
Lukas wouldn’t have been saved if he hadn’t listened to Rima.
Lukas yelled Amelai's name as he approached the tent.
Lukas yelled out Amelai's name multiple times.
Lukas yelled something that Amelia didn't understand.
Lukas's actual Uber driver was calling him.
Lukas's body entered the fight-or-flight mode.
Lukas's breath was awful.
Lukas's breath was disgusting.
Lukas's car was parked on the side of the road.
Lukas's food was in the tent.
Lukas's food was prepared.
Lukas's guests were asleep.
Lukas's house doesn't sit in the safest area of town.
Lukas's house has a big pool.
Lukas's house was the last one on that dead-end road.
Lukas's house wasn't exactly the prettiest in the neighborhood.
Lukas's instinct told him to turn and walk away.
Lukas's kitchen smelt disgusting.
Lukas's living room was adjacent to the kitchen.
Lukas's parents allowed him to invite a limited amount of friends to the party.
Lukas's parents never allowed him to have a party in the house again.
Lukas's tent was zipped up.
Lukas, who was previously in the special forces, went rogue.
Lukas’s android told him that he wanted to be human.
Lukas’s body became invisible.
Lukas’s career remained stagnant.
Lukas’s clone is alive.
Lukas’s company is close to bankruptcy.
Lukas’s condition was getting worse.
Lukas’s daughter is now an adult.
Lukas’s defense mechanism kicked in and he started to shoot.
Lukas’s dog suddenly ran towards Rima’s house.
Lukas’s dog was sniffing Rima’s beheaded remains.
Lukas’s father is leaving.
Lukas’s fear dissipated.
Lukas’s life is now on the line.
Lukas’s new TV has already arrived.
Lukas’s organs were failing.
Lukas’s plan will be operational by the time he returns.
Lukas’s plan worked.
Lukas’s story happens in the far future.
Lukas’s team members were killed.
Lukas’s wife agreed.
Lukas’s wife is still alive.
Luke has short hair.
Luke is Laurie's brother.
Luke is eating his sandwich.
Luke is making a name for himself as an American who speaks fluent Latin.
Luke said that he likes swimming.
Luke's cat is missing.
Luke, I am your cousin.
Luke, I am your father.
Luke, I am your son.
Lukewarm Calpis is sweet, but if you add some ice it becomes a bit sour.
Lukman learned he had cancer after finishing elementary school.
Lull your baby to sleep.
Lulled by the cart's waggling and dead tired, Tom fell asleep.
Lulu Island in ancient times was in the territory of downriver Halkomelem, a Salishan Amerindian language. Much of Lulu Island was mud.
Lulu Island is not really like in Asia, where one could get a variety of breakfast buns, baked or steamed, or a variety of breakfast porridges. In Japan, all one needs is "onigiri" or stuffed rice balls, as a healthy cheap breakfast or snack.
Lulu Island was named after a possibly Hawaiian showgirl, Lulu Sweet, in 1862.
Lulu Island, a suburb, is a more conservative place than the city, Vancouver, BC. In the city, one often could see gay couples in public.
Lulu is at home because she's sick.
Lumberjacks who make charcoal live there.
Luna declared independence from Terra in the year 2231.
Luna is a reliable person.
Luna is close by. Mars is much farther away.
Luna is sincere.
Luna is someone trustworthy.
Lunar New Year is a big holiday in Vietnam.
Lunar eclipses can be total or partial.
Lunatic!
Lunch break is an hour long.
Lunch break!
Lunch breaks were enjoyable with colleagues.
Lunch is at 12:00 to coincide with the Technical Group.
Lunch is at noon.
Lunch is in the fridge.
Lunch is included.
Lunch is often rice or pasta.
Lunch is on you.
Lunch is on.
Lunch is ready!
Lunch is ready.
Lunch is served at noon.
Lunch is served.
Lunch is the warm main meal.
Lunch is usually eaten on the deck.
Lunch is usually on the deck.
Lunch isn't ready yet.
Lunch should be ready soon.
Lunch smells good.
Lunch starts at twelve.
Lunch time has arrived.
Lunch was cooked.
Lunch was great.
Lunch wasn't that great.
Lunch will be at noon.
Lunch will be available.
Lunch will be provided free of charge.
Lunch will be provided.
Lunch will be ready shortly.
Lunch will be ready soon.
Lunch will be served at noon.
Lunch will be served.
Lunch would be great.
Lunch!
Lunchtime is here; let's go to the dining hall!
Lunchtime is here; let's go to the dining room!
Lungs, heart, veins, arteries and capillaries form the cardiovascular system.
Lupe grinds the piloncillo into a fine powder.
Lupita Nyong'o's Oscar dress was made of pearls.
Lupita Nyong'o's dress was stolen in her hotel room.
Lupus is an autoimmune disease. In this type of disorder, the immune system gets confused and instead of protecting the body against bacteria and viruses, misguided antibodies attack healthy cells and organs, including the heart, kidneys, intestines, brain and skin. Lupus can be a fatal condition.
Lusaka is the capital of Zambia.
Lusia was twiddling her thumbs.
Lusia, come to your senses!
Lust and love are the only things that interest Toni.
Lust awakens the desire to possess. And that awakens the intent to murder.
Lust brings suffering.
Lust creates suffering.
Lust denies need.
Lust is a sin.
Lust is one of the seven deadly sins.
Lust is treacherous. If you let it, you could be deprived from your friends.
Lutetium is a rare earth metal with element symbol Lu and atomic number 71.
Luther Gette, also known by his hobo name as "Luther the Jet," has been riding trains legally and illegally for most of his life.
Luther translated the Bible into German in the language of the people.
Luther was scandalised by the sale of indulgences.
Lutheran doctrine abolished celibacy and the worship of images.
Lutherans and Calvinists are Christians.
Luxembourg is a small country.
Luxembourg is a very rich nation.
Luxembourg is a very small country.
Luxembourg is a very wealthy nation.
Luxembourg is an extremely wealthy country.
Luxembourg is called "Luxembourg" in French.
Luxembourg is called "Luxemburg" in German.
Luxembourg is called "Lëtzebuerg" in Luxembourgish.
Luxembourg is one of the richest countries in the world.
Luxembourg is one of the wealthiest nations in the world.
Luxembourg is separated into two geographic regions.
Luxembourg is the capital of Luxembourg.
Luxembourg is the smallest country in the European Union.
Luxembourg's international airport is the home base of four airlines.
Luxembourgish is a living language.
Luxurious place!
Luxury and convenience do not equate to happiness.
Luxury goods are not essential.
Luxury has come to you.
Luxury is satisfaction, health, safety, warmth, and food.
Luxury spending is ineligible for tax deductions.
Luxury vehicles often have multiple trip meters.
Luxury!
LuÃ­s Coelho Street intersects Augusta Street.
Luís Coelho Street intersects Augusta Street.
Lviv for lions!
Lwiza and Aisha don't need a soufflé.
Lwiza and Issa doesn't need soufflé.
Lwiza doesn't need an Italian-Tamazight dictionary.
Lychee is a light pink pony with lavender eyes and dark purple mane and tail styled in a similar manner to mulan hair.
Lychees are one of my favorite fruits.
Lychees are one of my favourite fruits.
Lychees taste of grapes.
Lycoris loves doing chemistry experiments.
Lycus, a mortal, being detained by Circe in her magical dominion, was beloved by a water-nymph who desired to render him immortal; she had recourse to the sorceress, and Circe gave her an incantation to pronounce.
Lydia can't be happy unless everyone conforms to her worldview.
Lydia is the swashbuckling heroine of this adventure novel.
Lydia was exceedingly fond of him.
Lydia's shrill voice made Roman's head hurt.
Lye is a key ingredient in the soap-making process.
Lying and cheating pay dividends.
Lying and stealing live next door to each other.
Lying at the edge of the glade are the trunks of several trees blown down by the storm.
Lying between Alaska and the continental United States, Canada’s western boundary with Alaska is 2,975 kilometres long, and the southern border, much of which follows the 49th parallel of latitude, is 5,925 kilometres long. So overall, Canada’s international boundaries span 8,900 kilometres.
Lying can have consequences for your health.
Lying comes easy to him.
Lying is a game to him.
Lying is for liars.
Lying is forgivable when it is done by a doctor trying to give heart to a terminally ill patient.
Lying is like a game to him.
Lying is not good behaviour.
Lying is second nature for Tom.
Lying is second nature to her.
Lying is second nature to him.
Lying is shameful.
Lying is strong among them.
Lying is wrong.
Lying isn't criticism.
Lying on the kitchen table is yesterday's paper.
Lying related to sexual psychology development, mental stability and knowledge.
Lying to Tom was a big mistake.
Lying to Tom was a mistake.
Lying to Tom would be a big mistake.
Lying, or deceit, represents a violation of basic Zoroastrian beliefs.
Lyle is getting angrier by the second.
Lyme disease is an infection transmitted by ticks.
Lymphatic filariasis, more commonly known as elephantiasis, afflicts many of the world's most vulnerable communities.
Lyn and Sue should have won the award since the best project was theirs.
Lynch is an astrobiologist and geomicrobiologist studying life in extreme environments on Earth as models for characterizing habitable environments and searching for biosignatures on other planetary bodies in our solar system and elsewhere.
Lynch is an astrobiologist and geomicrobiologist.
Lynch is studying life in extreme environments on Earth.
Lyndon Johnson took over presidency when John Kennedy was assassinated.
Lynn runs fast.
Lynn runs very fast.
Lyrics are generally copyright protected, since they're a part of songs, which are generally also copyright protected.
Lyrics don't count as sentences.
Lysenko believed that modern genetics was a Western imperialist plot designed to undermine Russia.
Lysenkoism is what happens when ideology is placed above empirical evidence.
Lythronax argestes possesses several unique features, a short narrow snout with a wide back of the skull and forward-oriented eyes.
Lytton, British Columbia, set Canada’s all-time high temperature Sunday with 46.6 degrees Celsius, only to see it broken less than 24 hours later, hitting 47.9 Celsius Monday.
Lyuda, you're a great person!
Lyusya adores social-realistic novels. They're very optimistic.
Lyusya adores social-realistic novels. They’re very optimistic.
Lyusya can't be reached by phone.
Lyusya can’t be reached by phone.
Lyusya decided to give up on everything and leave for Siberia.
Lyusya is a very naÃ¯ve and credulous girl.
Lyusya is a very naïve and credulous girl.
Lyusya weeped while listening to Mahler.
Lyusya wept while listening to Mahler.
Lyusya worked in a factory assembling vacuum cleaners.
Lyusya's curlers were scattered around the room.
LÃ³pez has four brothers.
López has four brothers.
Lübeck is famous for its marzipan.
Lūṭ was a prophet of God.
M insults D - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D insults M - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D and M are even, and everyone else wins.
M is a bilabial sound because it is formed by the closure of the lips.
M'hamed Issiakhem is a Kabyle painter, the founder of modern painting in Algeria.
M'hamed Issiakhem is a famous Kabyle artist.
M'lord, your word is my command.
M, B, and P are bilabial consonants.
M-my goodness!? Cover-up! Cover yourself up!
MAGA Republicans have made their choice. They embrace anger. They thrive on chaos. They live not in the light of truth but in the shadow of lies.
MAGA forces are determined to take this country backwards — backwards to an America where there is no right to choose, no right to privacy, no right to contraception, no right to marry who you love.
MDIR is literally in my back yard.
MESSENGER mapped Mercury.
MI6 is a British secret service.
MINURSO can't prevent human rights abuses in Western Sahara's occupied territories.
MISA says the electoral commission should accredit all journalists without conditions.
MIT has predicted global economic collapse by 2030.
MLC Insurance found Friday that Smith had a “total and permanent disablement” because of the concussions suffered during his athletic career.
MMF threesomes have a distinctly different dynamic when compared to FFM threesomes.
MMS, launched in 2015, uses four identical spacecraft flying in a pyramid formation to take a three-dimensional look at the magnetic environment around Earth.
MP (magic): Ability score needed to use magic. As you use magic it drops, but with time it recovers.
MPEC-4 AVC recording practical test: It was always easy to use, now the picture and sound quality is high too.
MPEG-4 AVC recording practical test: It was always easy to use, now the picture and sound quality is high too.
MRI stands for Magnetic Resonance Imaging, whereas CT stands for Computed Tomography.
Ma Thuza dances well.
Ma'am, can you help me?
Ma'am, please be careful. It's slippery here.
Ma'am, this is a non-smoking area.
Ma'am, we've captured an enemy combatant.
Ma'am, you need to put on your mask.
Ma, I have always surrendered at your lotus feet.
Maasai craftswomen in the hills outside Nairobi, Kenya, and craft workers in Nepal make products for one store in the city, called Ten Thousand Villages. It is part of a national non-profit chain started by the Mennonites, a Christian denomination. The organization works with artisans in 35 countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America to make sure they get a fair price for their products.
Mabel loves to chew the fat while playing bridge.
Mac and cheese is Tom's favorite food.
Mac helped me carry the vacuum cleaner.
Mac is beloved by everyone.
Mac is loved by everyone.
Mac is my friend. He likes dogs very much.
Mac knows how to use this computer.
MacDicken said while a direct impact of climate change on forests is hard to measure, indirect effects are being monitored. These include more large wildfires and destructive insects and diseases that are not killed off by milder winters.
MacKugler was at the recent Food Loves Tech event in Brooklyn, New York showing off Seedsheets, roll-out fabric sheets embedded with seed-filled pods.
Macaron is an english cocker spaniel puppy that shares the same color scheme as beauty dreamy and her hair is also in the style of aurora.
Macaroni and cheese is Tom's favorite food.
Macaws are generally blue or red.
Macaws are varicoloured birds.
Macbeth raised an army to attack his enemy.
Maccus praised the stockings, praised the shoes.
Macedonia and Bulgaria are not friends.
Macedonia gained its independence peacefully from Yugoslavia in 1991.
Macedonia is called "Makedonija" in Macedonian.
Macedonia is working to build a country-wide natural gas pipeline and distribution network.
Macedonian Albanians love Albania.
Macedonian has four verbal moods: indicative, conditional, imperative, and renarrative.
Mach stands for the speed of sound.
Machiavellianism should be avoided at all costs.
Machida is an interesting city that's a mix of the old and the new.
Machida is an interesting city that’s a mix of the old and the new.
Machine learning can be used to predict and mitigate natural disasters.
Machine learning can be used to predict which social media users might be suicidal.
Machine learning demands a lot of computation.
Machine learning is a branch of artificial intelligence whose purpose is to provide computers with the ability to learn without being programmed.
Machine translation, while growing in accuracy, is a poor way of creating translated documents.
Machine translations are not always precise.
Machine translations are not welcomed here.
Machine translations improved a lot.
Machine translators are bad, which is why we use people to translate.
Machinery dispenses with much labor.
Machinery robs work of creative interest.
Machinery uses a lot of electricity.
Machines are becoming ever smarter, and people ever more idiotic.
Machines are becoming more and more intelligent, and people are becoming more and more stupid.
Machines are built for special purposes, and any reliable dealer can help you in selecting a machine and will guarantee satisfaction.
Machines are talking on Twitter. These ‘bots’ are sometimes out to make trouble by spreading false information, inflating follower counts or rigging surveys. Here’s how bothersome bots can be.
Machines can do a lot of things for people today.
Machines don't think.
Machines may one day think, but they'll never laugh.
Machines may one day think, but they’ll never laugh.
Machines that his company produces are superior to ours.
Machismo is a social problem.
Macho men are said to be popular.
Machrine Birungi walked around several streets in Kampala where some of the counterfeit products, such as shoes, clothes, and cutlery, are being sold.
Maciek died in December.
Maciek lost his life in December.
Macintosh is a type of computer operating system.
Mackerel tastes good whether you simmer it or grill it.
Mackinac Island, Michigan is the only city in the United States where there are no motorized vehicles of any kind on the streets. It's been that way since the automobile was banned by city ordinance in 1898. The island's thousands of tourists go from place to place in horse-drawn taxi cabs. But the island's commitment to a unique way of life is being threatened by its own success.
Macramé was also popular during the Victorian era.
Macramé was popular during the seventies.
Macromastia and gigantomastia must be bred back into the human gene pool.
Macron, later on Sunday, hosted a peace forum, which the German chancellor says is meant to demonstrate efforts “to do everything to bring a more peaceful order to the world, even though we know we still have much work to do."
Macular degeneration primarily affects Caucasian people, usually those with light colored eyes.
Macy went to high school to get an education.
Macy’s, a crown jewel among U.S. retailers, says it is laying off most of its 125,000 employees because of the pandemic.
Mad cow disease, also known as BSE (bovine spongiform encephalopathy), is a fatal, neurological disorder that cattle get by eating infected meal from other animals, such as sheep. Humans can contract a version of the disease from diseased cows.
Madagascar is an island country.
Madagascar is an island.
Madagascar is called "Madagasikara" in Malagasy.
Madagascar is famous for its flora and fauna, as well as its inclement weather.
Madagascar is known for its rich and diverse wildlife, but experts say forest degradation is a growing threat to both animals and humans.
Madagascar is known for its rich and diverse wildlife, but experts say forest degradation is a growing threat to both animals and humans. As Anne Nzouankeu reports from Madagascar’s Tsitongambarika Forest, there are success stories thanks to reforestation efforts meant to reverse the effects of climate change.
Madagascar is known for its rich and diverse wildlife.
Madagascar is the largest island of Africa.
Madagascar was one of the last major landmasses on earth to be colonized by humans.
Madalena was not cheerful about her husband's promotion.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Madame Berthe's mouse lemur is the smallest primate in the world.
Madame Tussauds is full of waxen images.
Madame de Pompadour helped establish the Rococo style.
Madame de Pompadour liked pastel colors and floral patterns.
Madame de Pompadour was Louis XV's mistress.
Madame de Pompadour was a patroness of the arts.
Madame de Pompadour was one of the only people whom the King trusted to tell him the truth.
Madame de Pompadour was the King' confidant.
Madame de Pompadour yielded considerable power and influence at the court.
Madame told me this, and asked me how she could disguise herself, so as to see the woman without being known.
Made and Mega are cousins.
Made if, Ma! Top of the world!
Made in China.
Made in Italy, these jeans were very expensive.
Made in Russia.
Made it!
Made it.
Madeira is the name of a wine.
Madeleine sings well.
Mademoiselle, Allow me very gratefully but firmly to refuse your kind invitation.
Mademoiselle, I would like to buy a suit, a nice-looking one.
Mademoiselle, would you like a platinum necklace to accompany your ring?
Madison Keesler clears furniture and pets from the living room, while Benjamin Freemantle chomps on a banana topped with peanut butter.
Madison Square Garden is the home of the New York Knicks.
Madison and Jayden are best friends.
Madison made an emotional speech in Congress.
Madison's first four years were not easy.
Madison’s first four years were not easy.
Madjid teaches physics.
Madlene's voice is very good.
Madly I rush to arms; though vain the fight, / yet burns my soul, in fury and despair, / to rally a handful and to hold the height: / sweet seems a warrior's death and danger a delight.
Madman!
Madness and knowledge are the same thing.
Madness has no more limits!
Madness is not so far from ourselves.
Madness is repeating the same experience, expecting the results to be different.
Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, ages it is the rule.
Madonna is a beauty.
Madonna is a singer.
Madonna is able to sing.
Madonna is known to every high school student in Japan.
Madonna's concert drew a large audience.
Madonna’s concert drew a large audience.
Madrid and Barcelona airports are among the ten largest European airports in terms of passenger numbers.
Madrid is a beautiful city.
Madrid is a very beautiful city.
Madrid is a very pretty city.
Madrid is one of the most beautiful capitals in Europe.
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
Madrid's air is bad for me.
Madrid, the capital of Spain, is a marvelous city.
Madrileños are crazy.
Maduro is a man.
Madwoman!
Mae Jemison enrolled at Stanford University at the age of 16 and in 1977 graduated with degrees in both chemical engineering and Afro-American studies.
Mae Jemison received a Doctor of Medicine degree from Cornell University in 1981.
Mae became interested in science when she was very young.
Mae has never had a boyfriend.
Maelo was born in Santurce, the largest neighborhood in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in 1931. He worked as a shoeshiner and construction worker while playing music. He began playing percussion for Conjunto Monterrey de Munchito Muley in 1948 before singing with the Orquesta Panamericana in 1952. Maelo was the lead singer for Cortijo y su Combo from 1954 to 1962, performing music like bomba and plena with Rafael Cortijo on radio and television. These were Afro Puerto Rican musical genres, and Maelo was the first Black singer to appear singing on national television in Puerto Rico.
Maestri Dil Sono was a good Ido-language music project.
Mafia groups have traditionally exploited poverty and despair in Italy's south to set themselves up as an alternative to the state.
Mafia is a type of criminal organisation.
Mafiosi kill children and dissolve them in acid.
Magazines let writers write what they want and decide how to lay it out afterward, but that magazine prioritizes its design, so it sets a predetermined limit on how many words are in it.
Magazines like these pander to horny straight men.
Magazines usually cost less than books do.
Magazines were lying on the couch.
Magda is going to marry a Spaniard.
Magda marries a Spaniard.
Magda will be married to a Spaniard.
Magdalena and Ania are good friends.
Magdalena and Lech are preparing for their Polish exams.
Magdalena and Lech are thirteen.
Magdalena comes from Lodz.
Magdalena is a Lodz native.
Magdalena is a native of ÅÃ³dÅº.
Magdalena is a Łódź native.
Magdalena is interested in geography.
Magdalena is studying at the Lodz Japanese School.
Magdalena is very polite to me.
Magdalena looks very cute to me.
Magenta is the best color in the world!
Maggie and her friend Matthew stood in the front yard and looked at the old house. The children knew they were not supposed to be there. Their parents told them it was dangerous. They told them some kid once went inside and fell through a floorboard and broke his leg.
Maggie said you can hold your own in darts.
Maggots are baby flies.
Maghrebi Arabic contains a lot of Berber words.
Maghrebi Arabic is spoken in Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
Maghrib is on and it's time to break out fast. Come on, guys, help yourselves.
Maghrib is on.
Maghrib is on. Let's go pray at the mosque.
Maghrib is on. Let's go pray first.
Magic and monsters are products of the imagination.
Magic is an illusion.
Magic is the art of changing superstition into money.
Magic plays an important part in primitive society.
Magic should only be used for doing good.
Magic tricks are honest lies.
Magic tricks are lies that the audience knows are lies.
Magic tricks are lies that the audience knows to be lies.
Magic tricks are merely illusions.
Magic words and incantations are as fatal to our science as they are to any other. Methods, when classified and separated, acquire their true bearing and perspective as a means to an end, not as ends in themselves. We seek to find peace of mind in the word, the formula, the ritual. The hope is illusion.
Magic: The Gathering is a board game.
Magical are the straight lines in how they perturb the curved ones, aggravate their distortion and make them look more zigzagged, revealing their deceptive appearance.
Magicians jealously guard their secrets.
Magicians trick their audience into believing they have special powers.
Magicians use deception.
Magicians use the art of illusion.
Maglev trains require expensive infrastructure.
Magma can rise when pieces of Earth's crust called tectonic plates slowly move away from each other. The magma rises up to fill in the space.
Magma from the mantle or lower crust rises through its crust towards the surface.
Magnanimity is a great treasure; harmonious affinity with others is wonderful, Detachment from name and gain averts trouble; happiness makes older people feel young.
Magnesia is used in medicine.
Magnesium is a chemical element.
Magnesium is the name for the chemical element with atomic number 12 and is represented by the symbol Mg. Magnesium is an alkaline earth metal.
Magnesium sulphate is a very inexpensive drug that's widely dispensed in the United States to women with pre-eclampsia.
Magnetars are a type of neutron star with powerful magnetic fields.
Magnetars are called the strongest magnets in the universe, possessing a magnetic field that is 10 trillion times more powerful than a refrigerator door magnet.
Magnetic fields are invisible.
Magnetic fields on Mars sprout like mushrooms in its southern hemisphere.
Magnetic force drives the mechanism.
Magnetism is the science of the properties of magnets.
Magnetospheres — the magnetic fields around most planets — exist throughout our solar system. They deflect high-energy, charged particles called cosmic rays that are spewed out by the Sun or come from interstellar space.
Magnets are confusing.
Magnets attract iron.
Magnets can be dangerous.
Magnets produce a magnetic field.
Magnificent sweaters are made from the wool of French sheep.
Magnificent!
Magnus Carlsen is known as one of the biggest chess talents that ever lived. He became a grandmaster at the age of 13 years, 4 months, and 27 days. He has won numerous tournaments and has been the world's number one player continuously since 2011.
Magnus Carlsen is the most important chess player in Norway.
Magnus Carlsen is the world chess champion.
Magnus Carlsen plays chess better drunk than you do sober.
Magnus Carlsen retained his title of World Chess Champion. With four wins and seven draws in eleven games, he subdued by 7.5 x 3.5 the challenger Ian Nepomniachtchi, who throughout the competition made some serious mistakes.
Magnus Carlsen won his third world chess title.
Magnus Carlsen won third world chess title.
Magnus Hirschfeld believed society was primarily responsible for the problems faced by gay and trans people, and advocated for their de-stigmatization.
Magnus Hirschfeld did not believe that homosexuality was pathological, but that it was a normal variation in human sexuality.
Magnus Hirschfeld led an effort to remove homosexuality from the German criminal code.
Magnus Hirschfeld was an advocate for the rights and autonomy of gay and trans people.
Magnus delivered a speech filled with Latin expressions.
Magpies are very intelligent animals.
Magpies screech and blackbirds whistle.
Magritte was born in Lessines, Belgium in 1898.
Maguire says it will be like having an assistant working alongside you, taking on tasks at which the human brain does not excel.
Magyars are not Huns at all.
Mahajanga is the most Muslim city of Madagascar.
Mahatma Gandhi once told me: "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."
Mahatma Gandhi, the apostle of nonviolence, was born in 1869.
Mahfoud Boucebci was a brilliant Algerian psychiatrist and intellectual. Born in Miliana to a Kabyle family, he was murdered on June 15, 1993 by Islamist terrorists.
Mahfoud Boucebci was a great Kabyle psychiatrist murdered by Islamist terrorism in 1993.
Mahjong is a game four people play.
Mahjong is a game that is played with four people.
Mahjong is a game well-known all around the world.
Mahjong is one of the most interesting games.
Mahjong tiles are very beautiful.
Mahlon and Chilion both died, and the woman was bereaved of her two children and of her husband.
Mahmoud Abbas was chosen to be the Palestinian leader by George W. Bush and Ariel Sharon, who were looking for a way to subvert Yasser Arafat.
Mahmud abhors being idle.
Mai always dreads going home for Lunar New Year because she prefers to maintain a healthy distance between herself and her dysfunctional family.
Mail delivery here is twice a day.
Mail for you will be held until you call for it.
Mail from overseas is also being X-rayed and sniffed by detector dogs as officials enter the first stage of a nationwide Emergency Animal Disease Response Plan.
Mail order is the main form of direct marketing.
Mail service in that country is not quick.
Mail them letters.
Mail these letters on your way to work.
Mail this letter tomorrow morning.
Mail this letter.
Mail your application for admission directly to the school office.
Mail-in ballots are still being counted in key battleground states.
Mailing complete. I leave the rest to you, postman!
Maimonides says "God's image" refers to the power of the intellect and to free will.
Maimonides spent the last three and a half decades of his life in Egypt.
Main Street was blocked off all morning for the parade.
Maine is a remote place.
Mainframes are much less important now than they were when no working computer would fit on a desk.
Mainly three blending peoples make up Filipinos: Austronesians, Chinese, and Spanish. While there are other elements, these three comprise the majority. Austronesians originated from Taiwan thousands of years ago, and they spread throughout Island South-East Asia, throughout the Pacific, and up to Madagascar. They are Mongoloids with an infusion of Australoid. In the dental perspective, Austronesians are Sundadonts, whilst Chinese are Sinodonts. (Amerindians are Super-Sinodonts.)
Mainly, Elias traveled alone.
Mainly, what he said is right.
Mainstream Democrats have spent decades serving as controlled opposition for the Republican establishment. RFK, Jr. is an attempt by the billionaires behind Trump's takeover of the Republican Party to impose a new controlled opposition obedient to them.
Maintain a healthy diet.
Maintain a healthy state of mind.
Maintain a positive attitude at work.
Maintain good ventilation while cooking to minimize greasy residue.
Maintain rational thought.
Maintain the conversation's direction by avoiding any unnecessary subject changes.
Maintain the original subject of discussion.
Maintain your awesomeness.
Maintain your confidence.
Maintain your enthusiasm.
Maintain your hope.
Maintain your position until further notice.
Maintaining a balanced diet is essential for health.
Maintaining a clean room shows respect for yourself and your living space.
Maintaining a competitive edge is important, if you want to survive in the tough business world.
Maintaining a criminal in the jail is very expensive.
Maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure.
Maintaining a respectful attitude matters.
Maintaining an organized pantry makes meal preparation and grocery shopping more convenient for everyone.
Maintaining friendships can be challenging.
Maintaining peace in a shared environment can be hard.
Maintaining popularity was important for Bouteflika.
Maintaining that tie is important.
Maintaining the silverware basket is important to ensure it doesn't trap food particles in the dishwasher.
Maintenance tasks are being performed on the system.
Maisie lives in Manisa.
Maisie lives in an English-speaking country.
Maisie will go to Izmir.
Maitreya Buddha is the future Buddha who will come when Gautama Buddha's teachings have been forgotten.
Maize is a crop.
Maize is used to make a popular, thick porridge called sadza, made of corn meal and served with relish.
Maja Keuc is a Slovene singer.
Maja Keuc is a good singer.
Majestic granite walls rise up around the lake.
Major Anderson was ready to stop fighting.
Major Cold: It's the day of the year that the cold is most severe, but you could also say that Spring is just coming around the corner.
Major Cold: It’s the day of the year that the cold is most severe, but you could also say that Spring is just coming around the corner.
Major Oak is one of more than 700 named oak trees in Britain.
Major U.S. businesses announced they would be requesting most employees telework.
Major U.S. stock markets made strong gains Tuesday as strong earnings reports encouraged investors.
Major brands are forcing gender ideology onto people.
Major cities across the United States have also reported dips in burglary, assault, murder, robbery and grand larceny.
Major companies use TikTok to reach young people who use little or no traditional media.
Major construction is continuing.
Major earthquakes in this region are very rare.
Major economies such as the United States, China and Germany have also raised their demand for timber as their economies start to recover from the pandemic, further pushing up the prices.
Major infrastructure projects are being developed to modernize Algeria.
Major life changes, such as changes in income level or legal and financial issues, can also create mental and physical feelings of stress and anxiety, which can overload the ability to function well.
Major reforms are needed to make Algeria attractive to foreign investors.
Major surgery isn't the answer.
Majorca is a beautiful island.
Majority rule is a basic principle of democracy.
Majuro is the capital of the Marshall Islands.
Make Algeria great again!
Make Algeria great again.
Make Britain great again!
Make Darwin great again.
Make Russia small again!
Make Sami love you.
Make Tom do it.
Make Tom go away.
Make Tom pay for what he did.
Make Tom some coffee, please.
Make Tom stop doing it.
Make Tom stop doing that.
Make Tom stop.
Make Tom tell us the truth.
Make a blueprint of your house.
Make a brief summary of your points at the end of the speech.
Make a bundle of these clothes.
Make a cake.
Make a call.
Make a choice.
Make a circle and hold hands.
Make a circle on the floor.
Make a clean breast of your secrets.
Make a compromise with her.
Make a compromise.
Make a copy of this document for me.
Make a copy of this report.
Make a copy of your passport and leave the original in a safe at your hotel.
Make a cross before your name.
Make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right.
Make a decision!
Make a decision.
Make a few good friends and stick to them.
Make a final copy of the letter.
Make a fist, please.
Make a fist.
Make a furrow in the ground and sow the seeds.
Make a good first impression at your new job.
Make a good first impression.
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don't let translations into other languages influence you.
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don’t let translations into other languages influence you.
Make a great first impression at your new job.
Make a great first impression.
Make a guess.
Make a habit of going to sleep early.
Make a habit of sleeping early.
Make a handsome profit of one thousand dollars.
Make a hole in the bone with a drill.
Make a hole!
Make a left at the light.
Make a left here.
Make a left turn.
Make a list and stick to it.
Make a list of all the people in your life.
Make a list of everybody you want to invite to your party.
Make a list of everything that was stolen.
Make a list of everything you want me to buy.
Make a list of everything you want me to do.
Make a list of everything you want to buy.
Make a list of what you need.
Make a list with the words that you don't know.
Make a list.
Make a mixture of warm water and mild soap to clean sticky spots.
Make a note of it in order not to forget it.
Make a note of it!
Make a note of it.
Make a podcast, please!
Make a prediction.
Make a right turn.
Make a schedule for regular oven cleaning to ensure it doesn't become too dirty.
Make a sentence from this group of words.
Make a sentence with each of these words.
Make a shopping list when you notice low supplies in the pantry.
Make a sketch of your house.
Make a sound.
Make a spoon or spoil a horn.
Make a stop in town to have coffee.
Make a student cram for the entrance examination.
Make a summary.
Make a thick cream sauce with one heaping tablespoonful each of butter and flour, and 1 scant cup of milk.
Make a thought about it before you fuck your ideas up.
Make a tight fist.
Make a to-do list of all the assignments you need to complete.
Make a to-do list to stay organized.
Make a trip to the library.
Make a video about that.
Make a virtue of necessity.
Make a wish and blow out the candles.
Make a wish first.
Make a wish on a starry night.
Make a wish!
Make a wish.
Make a woman laugh and you're halfway there.
Make all relevant modifications, please.
Make allowance for souvenirs on the return trip.
Make an Italian verb with the letters.
Make an appointment for tomorrow.
Make an appointment with him.
Make an appointment.
Make an effort to know something if you don't know it.
Make an effort to make your ideas a reality!
Make an effort!
Make an effort, guys.
Make an effort.
Make an exception.
Make an offer.
Make another appointment at reception.
Make another appointment at the front desk.
Make another choice.
Make any arrangements you like.
Make balls 3 centimeters in diameter and place them on a sheet of buttered aluminum foil.
Make believe that you love me.
Make brushing a habit for a lifetime of healthy teeth.
Make certain that he returned home safely.
Make certain that she returned home safely.
Make certain where he is now.
Make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel.
Make coffee.
Make contact when it is convenient.
Make decisions that benefit you.
Make dinner for Tom, please.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Make even the trestles to shake the dead where they lie awaiting the hearses
Make every effort to enter through the narrow door.
Make everyone feel at ease.
Make everyone happy.
Make eye contact with the audience during your talk.
Make eye contact with the audience.
Make fascists afraid again.
Make four mini-dialogs with the phrases in the list.
Make fun of yourself!
Make good friends and read good books in youth.
Make good trouble.
Make good use of the little time given to you.
Make good use of this opportunity.
Make good use of your time.
Make haste and learn to be patient.
Make haste in case you are late.
Make haste slowly.
Make haste! you or he must die before sunrise!
Make haste, and be saved there: because I cannot do any thing till thou go in thither. Therefore the name of that city was called Segor.
Make haste, and go ye up to my father, and say to him: Thus saith thy son Joseph: God hath made me lord of the whole land of Egypt; come down to me, linger not.
Make haste, and you will be in time.
Make haste, lest you hinder my study.
Make haste, or you will be late.
Make haste.
Make hay while the sun shines.
Make hay!
Make her do her homework.
Make her go away.
Make her happy.
Make her move!
Make her understand.
Make him confess!
Make him feel ashamed of his laziness.
Make him feel good.
Make him feel that he is still someone important.
Make him get in the car.
Make him go away.
Make him stop!
Make him stop.
Make him talk.
Make him understand.
Make him work for it.
Make his identikit!
Make it a double.
Make it a gin and tonic.
Make it a habit to clean the stovetop after every cooking session.
Make it a habit to flush the toilet every time.
Make it a little bigger.
Make it a little larger.
Make it a little louder.
Make it a normal packed lunch, OK?
Make it a person-to-person call, please.
Make it a rule to get up at six o'clock.
Make it a rule to get up at six.
Make it a rule to never play into your enemy's hands.
Make it a window seat please.
Make it as fast as possible, please!
Make it as spicy as you can.
Make it brief, Tom.
Make it brief.
Make it clear to him who the boss is.
Make it count.
Make it fairly alcoholic.
Make it faster!
Make it happen!
Make it happen.
Make it larger.
Make it last.
Make it make sense.
Make it now!
Make it plain.
Make it pretty.
Make it quick, Tom.
Make it quick, will you? I haven't got all day.
Make it quick.
Make it real.
Make it right now.
Make it short and sweet.
Make it short, Tom.
Make it short.
Make it simple.
Make it smaller.
Make it snappy, Tom.
Make it so.
Make it stop!
Make it stop.
Make it three million dollars, and we have a deal.
Make it your law: logical thought, peaceful mind, virtuous action.
Make like a bee and buzz off.
Make love, not sentences.
Make love, not war!
Make love, not war.
Make me a BLT sandwich. And don't skimp on the bacon!
Make me a baby.
Make me a better offer.
Make me a child!
Make me a conqueror of all nations; let the famous chariot carry me all the way from the sun to Thebes in triumph: I will consider myself human even when I am hailed everywhere as a god.
Make me a ham sandwich.
Make me a peanut butter and jam sandwich.
Make me a sandwich, woman.
Make me a sandwich.
Make me an avocado smoothie.
Make me another one.
Make me dinner.
Make me feel good.
Make me feel that I'm yours.
Make me happy.
Make me proud, Ziri.
Make me proud.
Make me some coffee.
Make me ten copies.
Make me ten more.
Make me understand.
Make me unsee it.
Make me vanquisher of all the nations; build me a chariot bearing me in triumph all the way to Thebes: I will consider myself a mere man, when I am all around hailed as a god.
Make me your waiting maid, or set me to any work you choose, but do not cast me forth into the world.
Make mistakes, learn from them and grow!
Make more effort to understand this text.
Make more efforts.
Make need a virtue.
Make new friends.
Make no mistake about it.
Make no mistake, Algeria is a huge player in the global oil market.
Make no mistake, the feeling is mutual.
Make no mistake, they are extremely dangerous.
Make no mistake, we're looking at a homicide case.
Make no mistake: we do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan. We seek no military bases there.
Make no mistake: you're not graduating on my watch.
Make of that what you will.
Make one more effort and you will reach the summit.
Make one more effort, and you will succeed.
Make peace with your past so it won't screw up the present.
Make peace with yourself.
Make respect your first concern.
Make room for Tom.
Make room for me in your bed.
Make room for me.
Make room for the baggage.
Make room for the luggage.
Make room in the back.
Make room!
Make sail!
Make saving a habit.
Make solidarity and equal rights the cornerstone of public policy.
Make some coffee.
Make some hot tea for yourself.
Make some hot water for us.
Make some music.
Make some noise!
Make someone happy.
Make something up.
Make something!
Make space for the fridge.
Make sure Mary doesn't leave her room.
Make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Make sure Mary knows when she's supposed to be here.
Make sure Tom and Mary come.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't do anything stupid.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't eat any peanuts.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't go upstairs.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't leave before I get there.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't see you.
Make sure Tom and Mary get home safely.
Make sure Tom and Mary get this.
Make sure Tom and Mary go to bed before 9:00.
Make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Make sure Tom and Mary know what's happened.
Make sure Tom and Mary know when they're supposed to be here.
Make sure Tom and Mary stay in bed.
Make sure Tom and Mary stay out of trouble.
Make sure Tom comes.
Make sure Tom does it by himself.
Make sure Tom does that by himself.
Make sure Tom does that.
Make sure Tom does what he's supposed to do.
Make sure Tom doesn't blow all his money on stupid stuff.
Make sure Tom doesn't break out.
Make sure Tom doesn't do anything stupid.
Make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Make sure Tom doesn't do what he's not supposed to do.
Make sure Tom doesn't eat any peanuts.
Make sure Tom doesn't eat too much candy.
Make sure Tom doesn't escape.
Make sure Tom doesn't go upstairs.
Make sure Tom doesn't go.
Make sure Tom doesn't leave before I get there.
Make sure Tom doesn't leave his room.
Make sure Tom doesn't run away.
Make sure Tom doesn't see you.
Make sure Tom gets his homework done.
Make sure Tom gets home safely.
Make sure Tom gets this.
Make sure Tom goes to bed before 9:00.
Make sure Tom is OK.
Make sure Tom is all right.
Make sure Tom is comfortable.
Make sure Tom is safe.
Make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Make sure Tom knows what to do.
Make sure Tom knows what's happened.
Make sure Tom knows when he's supposed to be here.
Make sure Tom stays away from my daughter.
Make sure Tom stays in bed.
Make sure Tom stays out of trouble.
Make sure Tom tells you everything.
Make sure all cables are properly connected.
Make sure all the boxes are well sealed before they're delivered.
Make sure all the cables are plugged in properly.
Make sure all the doors and windows are locked.
Make sure all the windows are closed.
Make sure all your connections are secure.
Make sure every hostile has been neutralized.
Make sure every orifice is covered before you enter the sandstorm.
Make sure everything goes smoothly.
Make sure he changes before he enters my house.
Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid.
Make sure he doesn't go upstairs.
Make sure it's closed.
Make sure it's well lubed.
Make sure my family are OK.
Make sure no eggshell fragments end up in the batter after you crack an egg.
Make sure no one comes in.
Make sure no one enters.
Make sure no one goes in.
Make sure no one sees you.
Make sure nobody enters.
Make sure not to spill water onto the keyboard.
Make sure nothing happens to Tom.
Make sure nothing is omitted.
Make sure of your facts before you write the paper.
Make sure pots and pans are properly stored, not left on the stovetop.
Make sure that Tom does it by himself.
Make sure that Tom does it.
Make sure that Tom does that by himself.
Make sure that Tom does that today.
Make sure that Tom does that.
Make sure that Tom does what he's supposed to do.
Make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Make sure that Tom doesn't do what he's not supposed to do.
Make sure that Tom doesn't eat too much.
Make sure that Tom doesn't notice.
Make sure that Tom doesn't see you.
Make sure that Tom eats right.
Make sure that Tom phones me.
Make sure that Tom rings me.
Make sure that all of you arrive at nine.
Make sure that all the windows are closed before you leave.
Make sure that chair is firm before you sit on it.
Make sure that doesn't ever happen again.
Make sure that doesn't happen again.
Make sure that everything is alright.
Make sure that no one comes in.
Make sure that no one enters.
Make sure that no one goes in.
Make sure that no one sees you.
Make sure that nobody enters.
Make sure that nobody goes in there.
Make sure that nothing happens to Tom.
Make sure that the child is not sick.
Make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible.
Make sure that the device is attached firmly to ceiling.
Make sure that the device is attached firmly to the ceiling.
Make sure that the dog does not escape.
Make sure that the door is closed.
Make sure that the door is locked before you leave.
Make sure that the door is shut.
Make sure that the doors are locked.
Make sure that the doors are shut.
Make sure that the first coat is dry before applying the second coat.
Make sure that the first coat of paint is dry before applying the second coat.
Make sure that the following parameters are set according to your environment.
Make sure that the gas has been turned off.
Make sure that the insect mesh is on the window so that no insects can get in.
Make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave.
Make sure that the sick are properly attended.
Make sure that the sick are properly cared for.
Make sure that they come here late.
Make sure that you are in a comfortable position.
Make sure that you arrive at seven o'clock.
Make sure that you arrive at seven o’clock.
Make sure that you clean out your rain gutters.
Make sure that you do it yourself.
Make sure that you do it yourselves.
Make sure that you do that before 2:30.
Make sure that you do that before you go home.
Make sure that you do that by yourself.
Make sure that you do that by yourselves.
Make sure that you do that today.
Make sure that you do that yourself.
Make sure that you do that yourselves.
Make sure that you don't do that by yourself.
Make sure that you don't do that by yourselves.
Make sure that you don't do that while Tom and Mary are here.
Make sure that you don't do that while Tom is here.
Make sure that you don't do that.
Make sure that you don't forget anybody.
Make sure that you don't forget anyone.
Make sure that you don't forget to mail this letter.
Make sure that you don't forget to tell Tom about the meeting.
Make sure that you don't forget your umbrella.
Make sure that you don't get on the wrong bus.
Make sure that you don't get wet.
Make sure that you don't hurt yourselves.
Make sure that you don't leave your umbrella on the bus.
Make sure that you don't miss the last bus.
Make sure that you don't that without some help.
Make sure that you follow these instructions carefully.
Make sure that you get here by 2:30.
Make sure that you get there on time.
Make sure that you get this done before you go home.
Make sure that you haven't forgotten anybody.
Make sure that you haven't forgotten anyone.
Make sure that you lock the doors.
Make sure that you pack an extra pair of socks.
Make sure that you pick me up at five, please.
Make sure that you pull the weeds out by the roots.
Make sure that you tell Tom that.
Make sure that you tell Tom what I just told you.
Make sure that you turn off the lights when you leave.
Make sure that you turn the lights off when you leave.
Make sure that you're back before dinner.
Make sure that you're here by 2:30.
Make sure that you're there before 2:30.
Make sure that you're there by 2:30.
Make sure that your Caps Lock and Num Lock are not unintentionally turned on. Your password is case-sensitive.
Make sure that your slide designs have an appropriate color selection and contrasts.
Make sure that your username and password are entered correctly.
Make sure the TV is plugged into a surge protector.
Make sure the appropriate database tables have been created, and make sure the database is readable by the appropriate user.
Make sure the baby is buckled up in the car seat.
Make sure the brain is engaged before putting the mouth in gear.
Make sure the campsite has access to potable water.
Make sure the canary has enough space to fly and exercise.
Make sure the canary's cage is clean every day.
Make sure the cat has fresh water in her bowl.
Make sure the cat's out and all the doors are locked when you leave.
Make sure the chef is skilled before ordering fugu.
Make sure the children go to bed on time.
Make sure the cows get enough food.
Make sure the dog has a comfortable bed.
Make sure the door is closed.
Make sure the door is locked.
Make sure the door is shut.
Make sure the door remains closed.
Make sure the doors are locked.
Make sure the doors are shut.
Make sure the faucet is off when you're done washing dishes.
Make sure the fish have enough space to swim comfortably.
Make sure the floor doesn't get too wet.
Make sure the floor is dry before you leave the bathroom.
Make sure the fortune that you seek is the fortune that you need.
Make sure the fridge is set at a safe temperature to keep food from spoiling.
Make sure the guillotine is in working condition.
Make sure the hamster always has fresh water in its bottle.
Make sure the hard drives have been wiped clean.
Make sure the insect mesh is covering the window so we won't get any wee beasties coming in.
Make sure the kitten has a warm and comfortable sleeping area.
Make sure the kitten has fresh water and food every day.
Make sure the light is green before crossing.
Make sure the next meeting falls on a day when Tom's not there.
Make sure the next meeting is on a day when Tom's not there.
Make sure the parrot gets enough sunlight for its health.
Make sure the parrot has enough perches to climb and exercise.
Make sure the phone is plugged in.
Make sure the power is actually off.
Make sure the rabbit has a comfortable place to sleep.
Make sure the rabbit has fresh water every day.
Make sure the refrigerator is sealed properly to maintain its temperature.
Make sure the refrigerator's temperature is set to keep food fresh.
Make sure the shoes really fit.
Make sure the sink is properly sealed to prevent leaks.
Make sure the snake is completely dead, or he will surely take his revenge.
Make sure the stepladder is firm.
Make sure the stove is clean before using it.
Make sure the trash can has a bag, and take out the garbage when it's full.
Make sure the turtle always has a hiding spot in its tank.
Make sure the turtle's water is clean and fresh.
Make sure the used napkins are properly secured in the trash to avoid messes.
Make sure the water stops flowing when you're done washing your hands.
Make sure the water temperature is right for the fish.
Make sure the water's nice and hot.
Make sure the window is shut.
Make sure the windows are rolled up.
Make sure the wire is insulated.
Make sure they don't see you.
Make sure this door stays locked.
Make sure to aim properly.
Make sure to always wear your insect repellent.
Make sure to apply insect repellent to avoid bug bites.
Make sure to back up all your files.
Make sure to bring snacks and plenty of water.
Make sure to bring that back inside before it rains.
Make sure to bring your ticket.
Make sure to clean out your rain gutters.
Make sure to clean the DVD player regularly.
Make sure to clean the console regularly.
Make sure to clean up any flour or seasoning spills on the counter.
Make sure to clean your hands before touching the DVDs.
Make sure to clear the counter before starting a new cooking project.
Make sure to close the DVD player carefully after inserting a disc.
Make sure to close the car doors gently.
Make sure to drink plenty of water to stay hydrated during exercise.
Make sure to drink the medicine before you go to bed.
Make sure to dust the shelves regularly to prevent a buildup of debris.
Make sure to get here at exactly seven o'clock in the morning.
Make sure to get to the office on time.
Make sure to get your yearly checkup.
Make sure to insert the game discs gently.
Make sure to keep the door closed, it's cold outside.
Make sure to keep the stereo away from liquids.
Make sure to keep your kids close.
Make sure to lock the door.
Make sure to place the radio on a stable surface.
Make sure to plug in the charger correctly to avoid damage.
Make sure to power down the TV if you're not watching, my love.
Make sure to power down the TV when nobody's watching, my darling.
Make sure to power down the TV when nobody's watching, my dear.
Make sure to property punctuate your sentences.
Make sure to replace the trash bag with a fresh one after emptying.
Make sure to respect others' privacy.
Make sure to rewind the tape before taking it out.
Make sure to rug up your baby when taking her outside for a stroll.
Make sure to scrub your hands well, reaching all the nooks and crannies, pumpkin.
Make sure to shut the door, it's freezing in here.
Make sure to stay in streets that have lighting.
Make sure to store your files in organized folders for easy access.
Make sure to take notes.
Make sure to take out the trash regularly.
Make sure to take your medicine.
Make sure to tell Tom what time to be here.
Make sure to thaw out the chicken before cooking.
Make sure to thaw the chicken before cooking.
Make sure to thaw the chicken out before cooking.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
Make sure to turn off the TV.
Make sure to turn off the tap after you finish washing your hands.
Make sure to use politically correct terms.
Make sure to vacuum your room regularly.
Make sure to wash your apron separately from other laundry items.
Make sure to wear eye protection.
Make sure to wear sturdy hiking boots for better grip.
Make sure to wipe down counters and tables to remove crumbs and spills.
Make sure we ask Tom about it.
Make sure we haven't overlooked anything.
Make sure we're not being followed.
Make sure you align the faucet properly before installing.
Make sure you apologise.
Make sure you apologize.
Make sure you are in a comfortable position.
Make sure you are safe.
Make sure you aren't being followed.
Make sure you arrive in time for the meeting.
Make sure you arrive on time.
Make sure you back up your files.
Make sure you back up your important files regularly.
Make sure you call her before four, as she’ll have left the office by then.
Make sure you can walk before you try to run.
Make sure you check all the pockets for tissues before washing your clothes.
Make sure you choose wisely.
Make sure you clean the funk out of the filter every month.
Make sure you clean the litter box twice a day.
Make sure you clean up any spills in the fridge, okay?
Make sure you clean up any spills inside the microwave.
Make sure you clean up any spills right away.
Make sure you clean up the mess.
Make sure you close the bathroom door when you're inside.
Make sure you close the windows.
Make sure you closed the bottle right.
Make sure you closed the freezer door correctly.
Make sure you closed the freezer door well.
Make sure you come on time.
Make sure you cut the board against the grain.
Make sure you do as you're told.
Make sure you do it yourself.
Make sure you do it.
Make sure you do that again.
Make sure you do that before 2:30.
Make sure you do that before you go home.
Make sure you do that today.
Make sure you do that yourself.
Make sure you do that, OK?
Make sure you do that.
Make sure you don't ask too many stupid questions.
Make sure you don't do anything stupid.
Make sure you don't do anything to upset Tom.
Make sure you don't do that again.
Make sure you don't do that by yourselves.
Make sure you don't do that.
Make sure you don't drop any!
Make sure you don't drop it.
Make sure you don't forget anybody.
Make sure you don't forget anyone.
Make sure you don't forget anything.
Make sure you don't forget the umbrella.
Make sure you don't forget to apologize.
Make sure you don't forget to fill up the tank.
Make sure you don't forget to mail these letters.
Make sure you don't forget to mail this letter.
Make sure you don't forget to pay the rent.
Make sure you don't forget to tell Tom about the meeting.
Make sure you don't forget us!
Make sure you don't forget your appointment.
Make sure you don't forget your umbrella.
Make sure you don't get Tommy mad.
Make sure you don't get lost.
Make sure you don't get on the wrong bus.
Make sure you don't get scurvy.
Make sure you don't hurt yourself.
Make sure you don't hurt yourselves.
Make sure you don't leave the faucet running.
Make sure you don't leave your umbrella on the bus.
Make sure you don't let the dog outside.
Make sure you don't listen too loud with these new earphones!
Make sure you don't miss the last train.
Make sure you don't overwork yourself.
Make sure you don't smile.
Make sure you don't spray this product on the windshield.
Make sure you don’t listen too loud with these new earphones!
Make sure you double-check for the keys.
Make sure you draw the house to scale.
Make sure you drink plenty of fluids and nourish yourself and get better soon.
Make sure you dry your hands with a clean towel.
Make sure you encode that file in the right format.
Make sure you enjoy it.
Make sure you feed the parrot before leaving the house.
Make sure you finish this by the end of the day.
Make sure you flush before leaving the bathroom.
Make sure you flush the toilet after using it.
Make sure you get a doctor's note.
Make sure you get a good night's sleep.
Make sure you get enough sleep.
Make sure you get here by 2:30.
Make sure you get here on time.
Make sure you get plenty of rest.
Make sure you get rid of your cold. You've got to be ready again next week. We can't do without you.
Make sure you get some sleep.
Make sure you get the spelling right.
Make sure you get this done before you go home.
Make sure you get twenty rat livers for this afternoon.
Make sure you go to a doctor if you get worse.
Make sure you have a solid plan B.
Make sure you have a solid plan.
Make sure you have insurance.
Make sure you have reserved a room at the hotel.
Make sure you have the proper stance.
Make sure you haven't forgotten anybody.
Make sure you hit that like button.
Make sure you include proper citations for all sources.
Make sure you install a firewall.
Make sure you keep the CDs in their cases.
Make sure you leave early.
Make sure you leave yourself a margin when you estimate how long it will take.
Make sure you lock every window.
Make sure you lock the door.
Make sure you lock the doors.
Make sure you mention your website.
Make sure you move that car.
Make sure you pack a bathing suit.
Make sure you pack a raincoat.
Make sure you pack an umbrella.
Make sure you pack your swimming costume.
Make sure you practice your pronunciation.
Make sure you practise your pronunciation.
Make sure you read this if you want to learn the Kadazan language.
Make sure you recall the filename before you attempt to recover the file.
Make sure you recap what we've just talked about.
Make sure you review your homework before class.
Make sure you save everything before you turn it off.
Make sure you save the receipt.
Make sure you seal food properly to avoid contamination.
Make sure you select the appropriate dishwasher cycle for the type of load you're washing.
Make sure you set out early.
Make sure you spill all your food and act inappropriately, so it seems like I'm there!
Make sure you start small.
Make sure you stick together so no one gets lost.
Make sure you stop doing that before Tom gets here.
Make sure you switch off the lights when you're done.
Make sure you take this medicine before sleeping.
Make sure you take this to Yanni's mother, OK? I'd really appreciate it.
Make sure you take your medicine.
Make sure you talk to Tom before you leave.
Make sure you tell Tom everything.
Make sure you tell Tom that.
Make sure you tell Tom to be here by 2:30.
Make sure you tell Tom what I just told you.
Make sure you tell Tom.
Make sure you tell her that.
Make sure you tell her.
Make sure you tell him that.
Make sure you tell him.
Make sure you tell them that.
Make sure you tell them.
Make sure you tighten the faucet handle properly.
Make sure you turn everything off before you leave.
Make sure you turn off the lights when you leave.
Make sure you turn off the lights.
Make sure you turn off the portal after you leave or enter the pocket universe.
Make sure you turn the lights off when you leave.
Make sure you vacuum the floor at least once a week to keep it clean.
Make sure you wash behind your ears.
Make sure you wash your hands before touching your face.
Make sure you wash your hands for at least 20 seconds.
Make sure you wash your hands well.
Make sure you wear a hat.
Make sure you wear eye protection.
Make sure you'll come.
Make sure you're back before dinner.
Make sure you're frequently washing your hands.
Make sure you're here before 2:30.
Make sure you're here before five.
Make sure you're here by 2:30.
Make sure you're here on time.
Make sure you're not being followed.
Make sure you're on time.
Make sure you're there before 2:30.
Make sure you're there by 2:30.
Make sure you're well equipped for your trip.
Make sure you've booked a room at the hotel.
Make sure your brother feels safe and loved while I'm away.
Make sure your brother follows the rules and stays safe.
Make sure your brother is entertained while I'm busy.
Make sure your guinea pig gets enough exercise.
Make sure your hair is dry before you go outside.
Make sure your heaths don't dry out completely.
Make sure your homework and assignments are in order.
Make sure your kitchen cabinets are well organized.
Make sure your parakeet gets enough sunlight and fresh air.
Make sure your parakeet has a balanced diet with seeds and fruits.
Make sure your password is easy to remember, but not easy to guess.
Make sure your puppy has a comfortable bed to sleep in.
Make sure your safety harness is on right before going to the next step.
Make sure your submission is consistent with the project schema.
Make sure your tortoise gets enough sunlight for vitamin D.
Make sure your tortoise has fresh water in its bowl.
Make sure you’ll come.
Make syrup by boiling a pound and a half of sugar and a pint of water for every two pounds of apples.
Make ten copies of that document and bring it to conference room number 1.
Make that a shared folder.
Make that book your basis.
Make that floppy uncopiable, just in case.
Make that floppy uncopyable, just in case.
Make that sentence shorter.
Make the beds.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
Make the best of one's lot with fatal resignation.
Make the best of one’s lot with fatal resignation.
Make the best of your opportunities.
Make the best of your small income.
Make the best of your time.
Make the best use of your time.
Make the cut deeper.
Make the decision to stop smoking for a better future.
Make the effort to empathize with the situation.
Make the font a little bigger.
Make the hoe your sword, and the sword your hoe.
Make the knife sharp.
Make the most nutritious thing the least expensive. That'll confuse them and then they'll buy the most profitable item.
Make the most of it, it's free!
Make the most of it.
Make the most of life.
Make the most of life; because once you are dead it will be for a long time, a really long time.
Make the most of your college life.
Make the most of your vacation.
Make the music a little louder.
Make the new guy do it.
Make the scope of activity global.
Make the shopping list.
Make the tea good and strong.
Make the time to do it.
Make the world a better place, starting with yourself.
Make thee an ark of timber planks: thou shalt make little rooms in the ark, and thou shalt pitch it within and without.
Make them change you.
Make them go away.
Make them happy.
Make them leave from here.
Make them listen to you.
Make them look at you.
Make them respect you.
Make them take care of you.
Make these edits.
Make things right.
Make this for me.
Make this right with Tom.
Make this sentence a little shorter.
Make this shine.
Make this.
Make those images of the dishes as tantalizing as possible.
Make time for hobbies and activities you enjoy.
Make up has often used carmine as a pigment to achieve bright red shades.
Make up the week of days of this match: and I will give thee her also, for the service that thou shalt render me other seven years.
Make up your mind already! Whether you go in or go out, just stop opening this door!
Make up your mind already.
Make up your mind once and for all.
Make up your mind!
Make up your mind.
Make up your own mind.
Make us some sandwiches.
Make us some tea.
Make way for the children, please.
Make way for the heavy artillery.
Make way!
Make way, dude. I'm coming through.
Make way, please.
Make what you say simple!
Make with the beers, I'm thirsty!
Make with the beers, I’m thirsty!
Make wudu properly.
Make you parents happy.
Make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around Christmas.
Make your awesomeness known at work.
Make your bed each morning.
Make your bed first.
Make your bed!
Make your bed.
Make your brain work before talking!
Make your call with the landline; it's cheaper than the cell phone.
Make your choice.
Make your dreams come true.
Make your education your top priority.
Make your life extraordinary.
Make your lunch yourself. All the stuff is right there.
Make your mark, kid.
Make your move, Tom.
Make your move.
Make your own choices.
Make your own decision.
Make your own rules or be a slave to another man's.
Make your own sentences in Berber.
Make your presence known.
Make your room tidy.
Make your students read books that make them think more.
Make your summer count.
Make your towels fluffy again.
Make your towels fresh again.
Make your towels soft again.
Make your voice a little deeper and add a scowl.
Make your voice lower.
Make your way to the dining table! Dinner is served.
Make your wife feel valued.
Make your wife like you.
Make your work feel less overwhelming.
Make yourself a cup of hot tea.
Make yourself a fried egg.
Make yourself at ease.
Make yourself at home in this room.
Make yourself at home!
Make yourself at home, Tom.
Make yourself at home, Ziri.
Make yourself at home, buddy.
Make yourself at home.
Make yourself at home. Dinner will be ready soon.
Make yourself comfortable, man.
Make yourself comfortable.
Make yourself cozy!
Make yourself heard.
Make yourself presentable.
Make yourself scarce.
Make yourself some hot tea.
Make yourself something to eat.
Make yourself useful.
Make yourselves at home when in my house.
Make yourselves at home!
Make yourselves at home! I've cleared this shelf for your things.
Make yourselves at home.
Make yourselves comfortable.
Make yourselves comfortable. We have plenty of time.
Make yourselves presentable.
Make yourselves useful.
Make-up can accentuate your cheekbones.
Make-up makes Rima look old.
Makemake has a moon, discovered in 2015, which was provisionally designated as S/2015 (136472) 1.
Makemake is located in the Kuiper Belt. The Kuiper Belt is an area of gas, dust, and rocky debris located at the outer edge of our solar system.
Makemake was discovered in March 2005 and is classified as a dwarf planet. Its color is reddish-brown, and it has no atmosphere.
Makemake was first discovered in 2005. It was formally recognized as a dwarf planet in 2008 by the International Astronomical Union.
Makemake was named after one of the gods from the Rapanui culture. The Rapanui people are natives of Easter Island. Easter Island is located in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.
Makes no difference anyway.
Makes sense.
Makes you think, doesn't it?
Makeup is a means of self-expression.
Makeup is amazing.
Makeup makes Linda look like a bimbo.
Makeup makes a difference.
Makina has a fast tempo.
Makina is Adriano's favorite music genre.
Makina is faster than normal techno.
Makina is so uplifting.
Makina was developed in Spain.
Making a 1 yen coin costs 3 yen.
Making a 1 yen coin takes 3 yen.
Making a choice always means making a sacrifice, giving up one thing for another.
Making a clean separation between the "useful" and the "useless" is about as straightforward as drawing the fine line between water and ice.
Making a cup of coffee is an accomplishment? You're setting the bar pretty low, aren't you?
Making a dive in the Philippines was incredible, but I'm excited about returning to Sydney now.
Making a good start is half the battle.
Making a hundred friends is not a miracle. The miracle is to make a single friend who will stand by your side even when hundreds are against you.
Making a job out of a hobby is disappointing.
Making a living as a manga artist is almost impossible.
Making a model plane is interesting.
Making a plan and actually following through are two separate problems.
Making a robot out of ice cream seems very impractical.
Making a splash is better than cash.
Making a trip by plane, you must first check in at the airport. You get a boarding card which shows that you are accepted for a certain flight and indicates the number of your seat.
Making a woman happy isn't an easy task.
Making amends is the first step toward rehabilitation.
Making artificial flowers is one of my hobbies.
Making babies is not hard labor.
Making changes will be difficult.
Making cheese is an art.
Making cookies takes time.
Making decisions takes effort. To minimize this effort, your mind will do so based on rules and past experiences and statements.
Making excellent products is only part of the equation.
Making fig jam is quite simple.
Making fig jam is simple and easy.
Making friends and meeting new people doesn't need to feel scary.
Making friends is easy when you're young.
Making friends is simple for guys.
Making friends isn't easy.
Making friends with foreigners is interesting.
Making friends with people doesn't have anything to do with how long you know them.
Making friends with people doesn’t have anything to do with how long you know them.
Making friends with people from other countries is interesting.
Making fun of others isn't in my nature.
Making fun of someone’s accent is extremely disrespectful.
Making generalizations seems to be in line with how we think since we tend to look for patterns in the world around us.
Making golems isn't considered to be sorcery.
Making golems requires advanced learning.
Making good grades requires studying hard.
Making his fourth run for the Presidency, he moderated his leftist rhetoric of the past that had brought about his previous defeats.
Making it possible to select hiragana transcriptions with the mouse would be very helpful to people who haven't mastered hiragana, like myself.
Making itself intelligible is suicide for philosophy.
Making jewelry is a lot easier than it sounds like it would be.
Making light of cavities can be a matter of life and death.
Making love to an expressionless woman is like sipping soup without any seasoning.
Making love when you have kids at home can become a difficult undertaking.
Making matters worse, schools often sent the sickest children home to infect families and communities.
Making matters worse, she got sick.
Making mistakes in a translation or original sentence doesn't matter much, because sooner or later someone always corrects them.
Making mistakes is an inherent part of language learning and even native speakers make mistakes when they're speaking or writing their mother tongues.
Making mistakes is human.
Making mistakes is normal.
Making mistakes is what makes us human.
Making model airplanes is fun.
Making model airplanes is interesting.
Making model planes is his only hobby.
Making model spaceships is interesting.
Making money is his main purpose in life.
Making money is his reason for living.
Making money is his religion.
Making money is not the only goal in life.
Making music requires both creativity and technical knowledge.
Making new friends can be hard.
Making new friends is fun.
Making new friends isn't always easy.
Making nothing of the cold, he went out in thin clothes.
Making people dependent on government handouts is not going to benefit the economy or incentivize individuals to become productive members of society.
Making pizza is something I learned from Tom.
Making points in a discussion can help to fuel new phrases.
Making poor comparisons will just make your explanation more confusing.
Making protons collide is what the Large Hadron Collider does.
Making so much money in so little time wasn't so easy.
Making such a decision is not an easy thing.
Making such a judgement may lead to wrong ideas.
Making such a large sale is a feather in the salesman's cap.
Making such a large sale is a feather in the salesman’s cap.
Making this is easy.
Making this matter public would have an effect on our sales, so we're going to overlook it this once.
Making this matter public would have an effect on our sales, so we’re going to overlook it this once.
Making use of fire may be regarded as man's greatest invention.
Making use of fire may be regarded as man’s greatest invention.
Making you happy makes me happy.
Makisig is a Filipino boys' name.
Mako cannot have written this letter.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She’s from Osaka.
Makoto found his true love on top of Uluru. He's from Osaka.
Makoto found his true love on top of Uluru. She's from Osaka.
Malabar giant squirrels have a brightly multicolored fur.
Malabo is the capital of Equatorial Guinea.
Malachi was the last of the prophets.
Malaphor is another word for mixed metaphor.
Malaria is a disease spread by mosquitoes.
Malaria is a disease that mosquitoes carry.
Malaria is a preventable disease.
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
Malaria kills around 435,000 people every year, most of them children.
Malaria kills more than 400,000 people every year.
Malaria-carrying mosquitoes are becoming resistant to the insecticide used in bed nets to prevent the disease. Researchers say it is important to stay ahead of the resistance to avoid what they are calling a public health catastrophe.
Malawi's Supreme Court has banned the death penalty, ruling it unconstitutional because it negates the right to life. Some Malawians hail the ruling, while others denounced the decision as removing a major deterrent to serious crime.
Malay has many similarities with Indonesian.
Malayalam branched off from Middle Tamil after the 9th century CE.
Malayalam is a palindrome.
Malayalam is mainly spoken in Kerala.
Malayalam is the official language of Kerala.
Malaysia borders Indonesia.
Malaysia came into existence in 1957.
Malaysia will soon hire more than 300,000 workers from Bangladesh.
Malaysia-based contraceptive company Karex makes one in every five condoms in sold in the world.
Malaysians take their elections seriously. While political campaigns in other places, like Indonesia, Taiwan, and the Philippines are boisterous celebrations with rock bands, cheering crowds, and horn-honking parades, the campaign in Malaysia is subdued.
Malbrough is going to war.
Malcolm X and Muhammad Ali were Muslim.
Malcolm X converted to Islam.
Malcolm X was Muslim.
Malcolm X was alive when I was born.
Malcolm X was my beacon.
Malcolm X's autobiography is a really powerful book.
Malcolm X's autobiography was so captivating.
Malcolm's mother was the sister of the Earl of Northumberland. So the son of Duncan was half-English; and he became more than half-English when, somewhat later, he married Margaret, sister of his friend and guest, "Edgar the Atheling," last claimant of the Saxon throne, who had taken refuge with him while vainly plotting against William the Conqueror.
Malcom killed Tom because he was tired of seeing his name in lots of prayers.
Malcom killed Tom because he was tired of seeing his name in lots of sentences.
Male Bowerbirds build fascinating ornamental structures called "bowers" to attract mates.
Male animals secrete pheromones that attract females.
Male bees don't have fathers.
Male butterflies use pheromones to attract females.
Male chauvinists believe themselves to be superior to any woman.
Male circumcision decreases the risk of viral infections that cause herpes and cancer.
Male deer have antlers.
Male elephant seals can be easily identified by their large proboscis, which resembles an elephant’s trunk (and is the source of their name).
Male elephant seals can weigh up to 10 times more than females.
Male employees are required to wear ties.
Male giraffes become darker as they age.
Male giraffes fight by swinging their necks at each other.
Male giraffes fight over females.
Male giraffes fight with their necks.
Male giraffes use their necks to fight over females.
Male giraffes use their necks to fight.
Male gnomes have long beards and wear a tall red hat.
Male gorillas are compact and powerful creatures.
Male hairiness is associated with virility.
Male homosexual encounters still provoke strong reactions.
Male hormones play a crucial role in sperm development.
Male human beings are born with penises, whereas female human beings are born with vaginas.
Male human beings have penises and female human beings have vaginas.
Male hymenopterans develop from unfertilized ova.
Male moths can detect female pheromones.
Male octopuses die a few months after mating.
Male patients are sometimes reluctant to be examined by female doctors, and vice versa.
Male rape is a topic that is rarely discussed.
Male spiders are smaller than females.
Male spiders have longer legs than female spiders.
Male stag beetles fight for females.
Male stag beetles fight over females.
Male stag beetles wrestle over females.
Male students are required to wear neckties.
Male termites are diploid, unlike male hymenopterans.
Malek Bennabi was an Algerian writer and philosopher.
Maleness is by far the biggest risk factor for violence.
Males and females are born, men and women are made.
Males are always more beautiful than females.
Males are more robust than females.
Males begin developing this enlarged nose, or proboscis, at sexual maturity (about three to five years of age) and it is fully developed by seven to nine years.
Males journey north to the Aleutian Islands and the Gulf of Alaska, whereas females travel further west to the open ocean.
Malha Baha ironed his pants.
Mali and Niger are Algeria's neighbors to the south.
Mali believes Ton is lying.
Mali granted more autonomy to its Tuareg region.
Mali has the support of neighboring Algeria.
Mali is one of Africa’s largest cotton growers.
Mali is one of the poorest countries in Subsaharan Africa.
Mali is our neighbor to the south.
Mali needs Algeria's economic assistance.
Mali remains dependent on foreign aid.
Mali went into chaos.
Malians need emergency food assistance.
Malians need to supersede their ethnic fault lines.
Malians need to turn their ceasefire into a lasting peace.
Malibu is on the coast of Southern California.
Malice is learned quickly.
Malicious gossip spreads like wildfire. I guess that's why they say bad news travels fast.
Malicious gossip spreads like wildfire. I guess that’s why they say bad news travels fast.
Malicious joy is the best joy.
Malicious joy is the finest joy.
Malika has a talent for making others laugh.
Malika is skilled at amusing people.
Malika knows how to make people laugh.
Malina is a Serbian citizen.
Malka cleared her throat.
Malka converted to Christianity.
Malka is a good singer.
Malka is a good sniper.
Malka sings well.
Malka thinks reptiles are cute.
Malka turned a lot of heads that day.
Malka's a good singer.
Malka's fursona is a cat.
Mallard, Iowa, located in northwest Iowa, has a population of about 265.
Malnourished animals were taken away from the breeder.
Malnutrition has lasting impacts on its victims, especially children, who suffer from stunting and wasting.
Malnutrition is soaring to alarming levels, putting the lives of many children under age five at risk.
Malnutrition occurs when a person's diet contains too few or too many nutrients.
Malpractice insurance is a contributing factor to the high cost of medical care.
Malpractice suits are down nationally.
Malta became an EU member in May 2004 and began using the euro as currency in 2008.
Malta has its own language.
Malta has small numbers of Muslims who are almost all recent migrants.
Malta is an island nation.
Malta lies on the doorstep of the Muslim world.
Malta's GDP growth remains strong and is supported by a strong labor market.
Malta's economy is dependent on foreign trade, manufacturing, and tourism.
Maltese also has a large number of loanwords from English and Italian.
Maltese has a complex system of conjugation and declension.
Maltese has a number of idiomatic expressions that are unique to the language.
Maltese has a number of unique features that make it a fascinating language to study.
Maltese has a rich vocabulary, with many words inherited from Arabic.
Maltese has a unique phonology with a wide range of consonants and vowels.
Maltese has influences from French, English, and Spanish.
Maltese has two genders: masculine and feminine.
Maltese has two main dialects: the standard Maltese and the Gozitan dialect.
Maltese is a Semitic language in the same manner as Arabic, Hebrew, and Amharic.
Maltese is a fascinating language that reflects the unique culture and history of Malta.
Maltese is a mix of Italian, Arabic and some English.
Maltese is also an official language of the European Union.
Maltese is also spoken in parts of Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
Maltese is an Arabic-based language.
Maltese is an important symbol of Maltese identity and national pride.
Maltese is closely related to Arabic from which it originates.
Maltese is considered to be a difficult language to learn due to its complex grammar and vocabulary.
Maltese is derivative of North African Arabic.
Maltese is descended from Arabic, a Semitic language.
Maltese is taught in schools as a first language and is compulsory in primary and secondary education.
Maltese is the only Semitic language native to Europe.
Maltese is the only Semitic language that uses the Latin alphabet.
Maltese is the only Semitic language with a script based on the Latin alphabet.
Maltese is the only autochthonous Semitic language in Europe. It is one of the official languages of the European Union.
Maltese is the only official Semitic language that is written in the Latin script.
Maltese is used in legal and judicial proceedings in Malta.
Maltese speakers have a high level of literacy in their native language.
Maltese stems from Siculo-Arabic, but all its modern accretions have been European.
Maltese uses five consonants that do not exist in English.
Malvan is in Sindhudurg.
Malware? This word will be a hit. It could become the word of the decade and, why not, of the century.
Malé is the capital of the Maldives.
Mama and cousin Eve often wax nostalgic about Roman Catholicism, evident when we have pasta meals at home. They are both converts to Protestantism. My late father Frank (or Jun) was the pioneer in my extended family, largely Roman Catholic, for conversion. Also, my paternal grandmother Lydia followed. My maternal grandfather Macario was already a Protestant of the United Church of Christ. He read literature from Baptists under Papa's influence. My Roman Catholic maternal grandmother Bebe was happy-go-lucky and couldn't care less about these things. My paternal grandfather Pito (Francisco) listened to Papa's witnessing and was proselytized to even at the death bed, when he died in his seventies.
Mama cried.
Mama had a crippled face.
Mama is coming.
Mama looks Mediterranean, but she has also Chinese and Filipino ancestries, as does Papa.
Mama seems to have started with French.
Mama! That lady and man are holding hands, they're great friends aren't they!
Mama! That lady and man are holding hands, they’re great friends aren’t they!
Mama, Tom won't gimme back my toy!
Mama, is it okay if I go swimming?
Mama, why is that person crying?
Mamadou Wade Diop has been working with drones both in the photography and health sectors for years. But recently, he decided to work with local blacksmiths and construct a drone made entirely in Senegal.
Mame uses a coffee mill to grind coffee beans.
Mamie sat on Tiny, the Great Dane to ride it.
Mamma Leone’s, in New York, helped bring Italian cuisine to the American masses.
Mammals are warm-blooded.
Mammals care for their young.
Mammals have breasts, oviparous lay eggs.
Mammals have hair.
Mammals produce milk.
Mammals, reptiles, and birds are amniotes.
Mammeri is an Algerian writer.
Mammeri is considered as the Nobel literature prize that Algeria never had.
Mammeri is considered as the father of modern Berber.
Mammeri is one of Algeria's greatest novelists.
Mammeri is one of the authors that set the pace for contemporary Algerian literature.
Mammeri is one of the fathers of Algeria's contemporary literature.
Mammeri is praised as the father of the Berber language.
Mammeri is the father of modern Berber.
Mammeri was a gift to Algeria.
Mammeri was one of Algeria's most prolific writers.
Mammeri was one of the biggest figures of Algerian literature.
Mammeri wrote about Algeria and Algerians.
Mammeri wrote novels about Algerians.
Mammeri's novels is a gift to all of Algeria.
Mammeri's presence still permeates Algeria's cultural scene.
Mammeri's vision was a vision of a strong modern Berber language.
Mammeri's work is a gift to all of Algeria.
Mammeri, a famous Algerian writer, started to write in the 1950s.
Mammography can mean the difference between life and death for millions of women.
Mammography has been a standard screening technique for breast cancer since the mid-1970s.
Mammoth society was probably matriarchal.
Mammoths are extinct animals.
Mammoths no longer walk the earth.
Mammoths went extinct.
Mammoths were herbivores.
Mammoths were highly plastic animals.
Mammy, you are an exploiter!
Man adorns the place, the place doesn't adorn the man.
Man alone has the ability to reason.
Man always thinks about the past before he dies, as if he were frantically searching for proof that he truly lived.
Man appears to be the missing link between anthropoid apes and human beings.
Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
Man can be defined as the animal that can say I, that can be aware of himself as a separate entity.
Man can be subdued through fear.
Man can disbelieve in the existence of God, but he cannot say that he does not trust Him.
Man can do what he wants but he cannot want what he wants.
Man can do what he wills but he cannot will what he wills.
Man can live by only one kidney.
Man can live without friends.
Man can't become women.
Man can't control nature.
Man can't live by bread alone.
Man can't live forever.
Man can't live without air.
Man can't live without dreams.
Man cannot be free if he does not know that he is subject to necessity, because his freedom is always won in his never wholly successful attempts to liberate himself from necessity.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
Man cannot live forever.
Man cannot live without air.
Man cannot live without salt.
Man cannot live without water.
Man cannot stand a meaningless life.
Man can’t live without dreams.
Man consists of soul and body.
Man detained for double rape.
Man dies for the sake of the one who recognizes his worth.
Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think.
Man differs from animals in that he can think and speak.
Man differs from animals in that he can use fire.
Man does not live by bread alone.
Man does not weave this web of life. He is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself.
Man doesn't eat man.
Man doesn't need hope, he simply needs truth.
Man doesn’t eat man.
Man eats to live, he does not live to eat.
Man fears disasters such as floods and fires.
Man feels so afraid of death.
Man first visited the moon in 1969.
Man flows at once to God when the channel of purity is open.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
Man has always tried to exert control over nature.
Man has an instinctive tendency to speak, as we see in the babble of our young children, while no child has an instinctive tendency to bake, brew or write.
Man has been writing for about 6000 years.
Man has control over everything but his own heart.
Man has got over many difficulties.
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.
Man has never been to the Moon.
Man has never read the script of life.
Man has no port, time has no shore; It flows, and we pass!
Man has reason, animals do not.
Man has the ability to speak.
Man has the ability to talk.
Man has the gift of speech which no animal has.
Man has the gift of speech.
Man has two feet.
Man hopes as long as he lives.
Man hopes to master nature with science and technology.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Man invented the atomic bomb, but no mouse would ever have thought to build a mousetrap!
Man is 70% water.
Man is God by his faculty for thought.
Man is a beast.
Man is a biped animal.
Man is a biped without feathers.
Man is a complex organism.
Man is a conscious being.
Man is a creature of circumstances.
Man is a creature of emotion.
Man is a creature of habit.
Man is a featherless biped.
Man is a fortress besieged from within.
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
Man is a mammal.
Man is a more dangerous foe to man than the elements of nature or animals in the wild.
Man is a predator with occasional human methods.
Man is a product of his circumstances.
Man is a product of his environment.
Man is a rational animal.
Man is a rational being.
Man is a rope, knotted between animal and superman – a rope over an abyss.
Man is a slave of habit.
Man is a slave to habits.
Man is a social animal by nature.
Man is a social animal.
Man is a social being.
Man is a sun and his senses are his planets.
Man is a thinking reed.
Man is a vertebrate and has an immortal soul as well as a fatherland, so that he doesn't get too cocky.
Man is a wolf to man.
Man is above all things the talking animal.
Man is also an animal in a broad sense.
Man is an animal.
Man is an example of nature's incomparable patience.
Man is an inventor.
Man is as big as the trail he leaves in the world.
Man is as fickle as autumn weather.
Man is bipedal.
Man is born a sinner.
Man is born broken. He lives by mending. The grace of God is glue!
Man is born for action.
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains.
Man is born without teeth, without hair and without illusions, and he dies in the same way, without hair, without teeth and without illusions.
Man is born without teeth, without hair, and without illusions. And he dies the same way: without teeth, without hair, and without illusions.
Man is bound to die.
Man is business difficult!
Man is but a reed, the weakest in nature, but he is a thinking reed.
Man is by nature a political animal.
Man is condemned to die.
Man is descended from the ape.
Man is descended from the freight elevator.
Man is descended from the helicopter.
Man is descended from the monkey.
Man is destined to suffer.
Man is different from animals in that he has the faculty of speech.
Man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter.
Man is doomed to die.
Man is enslaved to customs.
Man is fascinated by the unknown.
Man is free at the instant he wants to be.
Man is greedy, he only takes into account his ambitions and takes his dreams for reality.
Man is indeed at the mercy of nature.
Man is insatiably curious.
Man is judged by his courage, woman by her charm.
Man is kind enough when he is not excited by religion.
Man is mortal.
Man is never perfect, nor content.
Man is none the happier for his wealth.
Man is not a rational animal; he is a rationalizing animal.
Man is not as almighty as God.
Man is not made to understand life, but to live it.
Man is not so much a victim of circumstances as being its creator.
Man is not the creature, so much as he is the creator, of circumstances.
Man is not the enemy of man but through the medium of a false system of government.
Man is not the product of his environment – the environment is the product of man.
Man is not the product of his environment: The environment is the product of man.
Man is often his own worst enemy.
Man is part of nature.
Man is sinful.
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish!
Man is something sacred for man.
Man is something that must be overcome; man is a bridge and not an end.
Man is the dog's best friend.
Man is the dog’s best friend.
Man is the hunter, woman is his game.
Man is the lord of all creation.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man is the measure of all things: of things which are, that they are, and of things which are not, that they are not.
Man is the only animal subject to becoming an imbecile.
Man is the only animal that blushes. Or needs to.
Man is the only animal that can laugh.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Man is the only animal that can talk.
Man is the only animal that can use fire.
Man is the only animal that laughs.
Man is the only animal that learns by being hypocritical. He pretends to be polite and then, eventually, he becomes polite.
Man is the only animal that possesses language.
Man is the only animal that talks.
Man is the only animal that trips over the same rock twice, but you do it constantly.
Man is the only animal that uses fire.
Man is the only animal that writes books.
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits.
Man is the only fire-using animal.
Man is the only talking animal.
Man is the only untrustworthy animal.
Man is the size of the trail he leaves in the world.
Man is unable to escape death.
Man is unhappy because he doesn't know he's happy. It's only that.
Man is unhappy because he doesn’t know he’s happy. It’s only that.
Man is water.
Man is weak by nature.
Man is wolf to man.
Man is, at one and the same time, a solitary being and a social being.
Man know thyself; then thou shalt know the Universe and God.
Man knows the world not by what he takes from it, but by what he adds to it.
Man learned early to use tools.
Man learned to adjust to, and in some ways to shape, his environment.
Man likes bright sunshine.
Man lives in a community, and has to conform to a social pattern.
Man lives in communities such as cities and countries.
Man lives not by bread alone.
Man loves company â€” even if it is only that of a small burning candle.
Man loves company — even if it is only that of a small burning candle.
Man made God in his image.
Man makes mistakes all his life.
Man makes plans and God laughs.
Man makes religion, religion does not make man.
Man may be freed from backbreaking labor by the products of scientific technology.
Man may invent anything, save for the art of being happy.
Man may know more than the machine, but it learns faster and never forgets what it has learned.
Man may well, in his attempt to be too ambitious, destroy himself.
Man modifies to his needs what nature produces.
Man must work.
Man needs two years to learn to talk and sixty years to learn how to shut up.
Man overboard!
Man plans things, but the gods decide.
Man prides himself on the increase in his knowledge.
Man proposes and God disposes.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Man proposes, but God disposes.
Man reached the moon at last.
Man returns to his phylogenetic roots in panic situations.
Man seems to need drama as much as he needs religion.
Man shall not live by bread alone.
Man should make peaceful use of technologies.
Man spends his life in reasoning on the past, in complaining of the present, in fearing future.
Man the harpoons!
Man to man, what are the facts?
Man up and ask Yanni upfront.
Man up!
Man was not born but made man.
Man was not made to live alone.
Man who preys both on the vegetable and animal species, is himself a prey to neither.
Man will die sooner or later.
Man will inevitably die.
Man will not cry in public.
Man will only become better when you make him see what he is like.
Man with grill seeks woman with money.
Man would perish.
Man your battle stations!
Man your battle stations.
Man's best friend certainly makes a good addition to a household.
Man's body is a sort of machine.
Man's but a bubble.
Man's enemy is man.
Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done.
Man's knowledge is finite.
Man's life is short.
Man's power is knowledge.
Man's skin is very sensitive to temperature changes.
Man's sojourn on Venus lasted somewhat longer than his whole career on the Earth. From the days of Pithecanthropus to the final evacuation of his native planet he passed, as we have seen, through a bewildering diversity of form and circumstance. On Venus, though the human type was somewhat more constant biologically, it was scarcely less variegated in culture.
Man's soul is immortal.
Man's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me. We long for a caring Universe which will save us from our childish mistakes, and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts. God has not been proven not to exist, therefore he must exist.
Man, I hate the sound of glass squeaking!
Man, I hate this guy.
Man, I just saw it on the news! Damn, you're making me doubt my own eyes!
Man, I just saw it on the news! Damn, you’re making me doubt my own eyes!
Man, I really hope that happens.
Man, I'm hungry.
Man, am I hungry.
Man, are you OK?
Man, being of flesh, is subject to diseases of the mind and after death, to worms.
Man, don't be daft.
Man, don't say that!
Man, giving her this ring is a huge gamble.
Man, how times have changed.
Man, if he is not the largest, is certainly the most dangerous of ferocious animals. He kills for pleasure.
Man, know thyself. All wisdom centers there.
Man, that's hard!
Man, that’s hard!
Man, the architect of this building must have been drunk at the time.
Man, they really cut a lot of corners when they built this place, didn't they?
Man, this is awesome! Thanks a lot!
Man, too, has been given protective devices against extreme temperatures.
Man, what the hell are you looking for?
Man, when perfected, is the best of animals, but when separated from law and justice, he is the worst of all.
Man, you really are an asshole, you know that?
Man, you're a fucking dupe.
Man, you're drunk.
Man, you're something!
Man, you're trash at this game.
Man, you’re something!
Man-made chlorine compounds, which can last in the air for 100 years, damage the ozone, creating a gap.
Man-made climate change doesn't exist.
Man-made climate change is getting worse, and global warming will soon hurt biodiversity as much as all the other problems combined.
Man... you are one twisted fuck.
Manage your affect.
Manage your emotions.
Manage your time wisely.
Management has even cut back on toilet paper since the crisis.
Management has threatened to lock out the workforce if they do not accept the proposed changes.
Management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers.
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company.
Management practices at Japanese corporations are often very different from those at foreign companies.
Management tried to appease labor by offering them a bonus.
Management wants you gone by the end of the day.
Management will have all employees vote at the upcoming meeting.
Managers like Paula Grayson, however, are trying to persuade them to change their habits.
Managers met Friday to discuss plans to fix helium and nitrogen leaks on the right side of the pressurization portion of the shuttle's orbital maneuvering system.
Managers said they were installing more hand-sanitizing dispensers plus plexiglass barriers between close workstations.
Managing a team can be a challenge.
Managing your stocks with Big Wisdom shows that you are serious about investing!
Managing your time is increasingly important.
Managua has a Native American name, and yet, there are almost no Native Americans there.
Managua is the capital of Nicaragua.
Manali has read almost every book in the Western canon.
Manama is the capital of Bahrain.
Manan Arya's PhD thesis looked at the use of origami in space superstructures.
Manatees, also known as sea cows, are large, aquatic and mostly herbivorous marine mammals.
Manchester United are playing Bolton Wanderers.
Manchester United is one of the most successful teams in both the Premier League and England.
Manchester United is playing against Bolton.
Manchester United won the match, four to two.
Mancunians are from Manchester, Glaswegians from Glasgow, and Brummies from Birmingham.
Mandarin Chinese has four tones.
Mandarin is spoken by more people than any other language.
Mandarin is the main language in Taiwan, but Hokkien is also widely spoken.
Mandarin is the most spoken language in the world.
Mandarin only has four tones, while Cantonese has six to nine.
Mandarin oranges are rich in vitamins.
Mandarin oranges have a lot of vitamin C.
Mandarin sounds like it has better fluidity than English, which sounds more plasticky.
Mandarin, English, and Arabic are all examples of the world's most widely spoken languages.
Mandarins are rich in vitamins.
Mandeep found that grouping the kids into fours or fives yielded the best results.
Mandela is loved by the nation.
Mandela is widely revered today as the father of modern South Africa.
Mandela told Tom he had a dream.
Mandela was a leader of the liberation front.
Mandolines are convenient for slicing vegetables.
Mandrill hordes are noisy.
Manga are to the Japanese film industry what bestsellers are to Hollywood.
Manga illustrations are pretty.
Manganese is a chemical element with atomic number 25 and element symbol Mn.
Mangesh kissed his husband's penis.
Mangesh was trying to steal a TV when he got busted.
Mangkusubroto says what helped bring order to the chaos was the creation of a recovery agency with the mandate and authority of the president to override regulations and coordinate assistance.
Mango ice cream is a popular summer treat.
Mango is a tasty fruit.
Mango is a very nutritious fruit.
Mangos are large, fleshy fruit, yellowish-red in colour, which grow on trees.
Mangos are sweet, they smell good, and they're delicious.
Mangrove forests can help with flood protection.
Mangrove forests only grow at tropical and subtropical latitudes near the equator because they cannot withstand freezing temperatures.
Mangrove forests stabilize the coastline, reducing erosion from storm surges, currents, waves, and tides.
Mangrove swamps are a unique ecosystem that exist in areas where the land meets the sea.
Mangrove swamps can also act as natural filters, helping to clean the water of pollutants.
Mangrove swamps can help to protect coastal areas from storm surges and other natural disasters.
Mangrove trees grow in shallow coastal and estuarial waters in the tropics — in Southeast Asia, Africa and the Americas. They provide breeding grounds for many marine species, and help prevent soil erosion by protecting land from strong waves and reducing flood damage.
Mangroves are a group of trees and shrubs that live in the coastal intertidal zone.
Mangroves are trees that live in marshes or tidal shores and grow in salty water.
Mangroves are trees that live in marshes or tidal shores and grow in salty water. Their roots form dense thickets that help prevent erosion and provide a natural buffer against storm surges.
Mangroves sequester more carbon than any other trees on Earth because they have quite a large underground root structure.
Manhattan is the best-known borough in New York.
Manhattan would be the first place in the US to use congestion pricing, an idea imported from London, Milan and Singapore.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
Manholes are round because that way they won’t accidentally fall through the hole.
Manhua is the Chinese word for comics.
Mania can bring hidden prejudices to the surface, but it doesn't create them out of whole cloth.
Manias can be alarming.
Manicures, scorpions, planets, raw oysters, wrestlers and pixies are just a few of the available emoji.
Manila enticed me.
Manila fell to Japanese troops.
Manila is the capital of the Philippines.
Manipuri is listed as a scheduled language in the Indian constitution.
Manitoba declared a state of emergency to deal with the COVID-19.
Manjiro played a part in making the two countries friends with each other.
Manjo burned his hand with boiling water.
Manjo did not answer.
Manjo needed a coat.
Mankind digs its own grave by its approach.
Mankind has grown mainly due to the success of good against evil.
Mankind has to change its behaviour to survive.
Mankind has walked on the Moon.
Mankind is a master at destroying.
Mankind is developing further.
Mankind is greedy.
Mankind is spirit. But what is spirit? Spirit is the self. But what is the self? The self is a relation that relates itself to itself or is the relation's relating itself to itself in the relation; the self is not the relation but is the relation's relating itself to itself.
Mankind must preserve the environmental ecosystem that sustains it.
Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind.
Mankind must put an end to war, or otherwise war will put an end to mankind.
Mankind often hides things from each other and from themselves as well.
Mankind will succeed in making peaceful use of atomic energy.
Mankind will succeed in using nuclear energy peacefully.
Mankind's journey into space began in 1957 when the Soviet Union launched Sputnik, the first artificial satellite.
Manliness is loveliest when applied with confidence.
Mann-Witney U test, Independent two-sample t test, Fisher's Exact Test and Pearson Chi-Square Test were used in analyses.
Manned deep space missions are still a long way off, but space agencies are already testing procedures, equipment and human stamina for operations in extreme environment conditions.
Mannerism is an art style characterized by deviation from earlier Renaissance works, no longer striving for naturalism but for a certain unnatural beauty.
Mannerism led to the Baroque.
Manners and customs vary greatly from country to country.
Manners are different in every culture.
Manners are important when speaking to others.
Manners are learnt at home.
Manners are like the piano. If they aren't learned early on, they're never learned.
Manners are part of good behaviour.
Manners make the man.
Manners maketh man.
Manners were not flagitious, they were merely of a nauseous insipidity.
Manners!
Manny wants to be a unicorn so girls will ride him.
Manoel and Ricardo are two people that have fallen in love with languages.
Manoel is translating some sentences in this exact moment.
Manon is not like the other girls.
Manpower was in short supply.
Manpower was no problem.
Mansa Musa was fabulously wealthy.
Manta rays are not very common in these waters.
Manual dexterity can deteriorate with age, making it difficult for older people to perform tasks they once found easy.
Manual labor is necessary in this company.
Manuel doesn't like vegetables.
Manuel had to pay 5,000 euros in damages.
Manuela's clothes are very stylish.
Manuela's dresses are very elegant.
Manuela’s clothes are very stylish.
Manuela’s dresses are very elegant.
Manufactured imports into Japan have increased considerably.
Manufacturers add ethyl butyrate to their orange juice to make it taste fresher.
Manufacturers are liable for defects in their products.
Manufacturers are trying to dazzle prospective buyers with electric propulsion, better performance, comfort, style and better mileage.
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.
Manufacturing activities are limited to fruit processing, clothing, and handicrafts.
Manuka honey is a monofloral honey which is made from the nectar of Manuka tree blossoms.
Manure is a great fertilizer.
Manuscripts don't burn.
Manx is really easy!
Many African Americans love spicy food.
Many African economies appear to have turned the corner and moved to a path of faster and steadier growth.
Many African immigrants come to Algiers every week.
Many Africans speak French, and growth in this language is partly due to them.
Many Algerian areas lack access to clean water.
Many Algerian associations are only there to receive government subsidies.
Many Algerian cities have existed for thousands of years.
Many Algerian citizens died in the crash.
Many Algerian emigrants are educated.
Many Algerian emigrants are transferring money to Algeria.
Many Algerian ex-ministers were convicted on corruption charges.
Many Algerian households rely on a single income.
Many Algerian immigrants have settled in Canada.
Many Algerian journalists denounced the corruption of the Bouteflika family.
Many Algerian migrants send remittances to their families.
Many Algerian military officers are Kabyle.
Many Algerian military officers were sent to France and Russia to take advanced courses.
Many Algerian officials head to France or the US to receive medical attention.
Many Algerian officials need to be detained for corruption.
Many Algerian skilled workers pack up and leave Algeria for good.
Many Algerian villagers live quite a long time thanks to their natural diet.
Many Algerian women wear a headscarf commonly known as a hijab.
Many Algerians are beginning to learn Berber, the language of their ancestors.
Many Algerians are building their own houses.
Many Algerians are dissatisfied with the president's decisions.
Many Algerians are employed in agriculture.
Many Algerians are employed in the informal sector.
Many Algerians are filled with hope.
Many Algerians are heading overseas.
Many Algerians are leaving their country.
Many Algerians are living pay-check-to-pay-check.
Many Algerians are nostalgic for Boumediene's era.
Many Algerians are obsessed with English yet the country has a very small English-speaking population.
Many Algerians are resigned to reality.
Many Algerians are shipping their money overseas to their new homes.
Many Algerians are still employed in the informal economy.
Many Algerians are still receiving their wages in cash.
Many Algerians are struggling to make ends meet.
Many Algerians are surviving by selling home-cooked bread and cakes.
Many Algerians are taking their money with them.
Many Algerians are withdrawing their foreign savings.
Many Algerians boycotted the vote.
Many Algerians can't survive on their wage.
Many Algerians continue to move to urban areas.
Many Algerians demand Islamic banking services.
Many Algerians don't consider themselves Arab.
Many Algerians don't even own a bank account.
Many Algerians don't trust the banks.
Many Algerians emigrate to Canada.
Many Algerians enjoy visiting Algiers.
Many Algerians fought and died in World War 2.
Many Algerians fought and died in both World Wars.
Many Algerians fought in World War 2.
Many Algerians had their property seized by the French in the 19th century.
Many Algerians have diabetes.
Many Algerians have enough skills to easily get jobs abroad.
Many Algerians have heart problems.
Many Algerians have high blood pressure.
Many Algerians have it hard.
Many Algerians have lost faith in the government.
Many Algerians have never been abroad.
Many Algerians identify as ethnically Berber rather than Arabic.
Many Algerians keep goldfinches as pets.
Many Algerians lack a bank account.
Many Algerians live abroad.
Many Algerians live and work in France.
Many Algerians live in Spain.
Many Algerians live in developed countries.
Many Algerians lost their jobs in the 1990s.
Many Algerians love Bollywood movies.
Many Algerians migrate to Canada.
Many Algerians openly admire President Tebboune.
Many Algerians rely on inconsistent wages.
Many Algerians simply choose not to work.
Many Algerians speak Berber.
Many Algerians spend their vacations in Kabylie.
Many Algerians still don't have bank accounts.
Many Algerians still keep their money at home.
Many Algerians think that Algeria should keep some distance from the Gulf countries.
Many Algerians use Berber as their first language.
Many Algerians visit Matoub Lounes's grave.
Many Algerians want decent jobs.
Many Algerians want regular jobs.
Many Algerians want to invest locally.
Many Algerians watch Bollywood movies.
Many Algerians were at the risk of losing their jobs.
Many Algerians were deported by the French colonizers to French Guiana and New Caledonia.
Many Algerians were deported to New Caledonia and French Guiana by the French colonial authorities.
Many Algerians were expropriated by the French colonial authorities.
Many Algerians were forced by France into service during both World Wars.
Many Algerians were relocated and compensated during the construction of the East-West Highway.
Many Algerians were unconscious to French colonization.
Many Algerians work abroad.
Many Algiers residents are moving out of the city they call home.
Many American ex-convicts make a new life in Mexico.
Many American high-school students do not know that the Civil War took place between 1861 and 1865.
Many American houses have pools.
Many American office workers live an uninteresting, humdrum existence.
Many American parents encourage their sons to play football to keep them away from drugs.
Many American planes were shot down.
Many American students work their way through the university.
Many American students work their way through university.
Many Americans are geographically challenged.
Many Americans are interested in jazz.
Many Americans are obese.
Many Americans are uncomfortable with silence, and they tend to regard silence in a conversation as a signal that they need to start talking.
Many Americans believe Barack Obama is a Muslim.
Many Americans blamed Spain.
Many Americans did not have jobs.
Many Americans eat hamburgers.
Many Americans feel this way.
Many Americans insist that immigrants speak English, but wouldn't a true language purist insist on Old English, wynns, thorns, edhs and all?
Many Americans insist that immigrants speak English, but wouldn’t a true language purist insist on Old English, wynns, thorns, edhs and all?
Many Americans like fast cars.
Many Americans love to watch reruns of the I Love Lucy show.
Many Americans opposed the treaty.
Many Americans protested the purchase of Alaska.
Many Americans risk dying if they don't get the money for their medical treatment, so they resort to crowdfunding pages. Nevertheless, due to all the competition, they have to make their case look more interesting than everyone else's.
Many Americans still had money they had saved during the war.
Many Americans supported Nixon.
Many Americans use the three-day weekend to try to get in one last summer vacation with trips to parks and beaches, or to spend time at backyard cookouts with family and friends.
Many Americans want to get married on the fourth of July.
Many Americans wanted a gold standard.
Many Americans welcomed the plan.
Many Americans were angry about the Japanese invasion.
Many Americans would rather drink poisoned capitalist water than drink clean capitalist water labeled "socialism."
Many Arab states also confiscated the property of the Jews they ethnically cleansed.
Many Argentinians prefer to use a car rather than public transportation.
Many Armenians were forced to abandon their lands.
Many Ashkenazi Jews were required to pick from a list of pre-approved surnames, while others were assigned a surname.
Many Asians are lactose intolerant.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
Many Australians and Japanese vacation in Bali, Indonesia. Bali is a Hindu place, unlike the majority ocean of Muslims around it. Hinduism-Buddhism was popular all over the islands in ancient times.
Many Australians are descendants of criminals sent there. Meanwhile, the crime rate in Australia is very low. Food for thought.
Many Australians are leaving the country.
Many Australians are stranded overseas.
Many Bangladeshis can be seen while walking on the streets.
Many Belarusians came to work naked after their president asked them to "get undressed and work."
Many Berber groups retain their language.
Many Berber speakers are bilingual in Arabic.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie prefer to communicate in French.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie speak French at home.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie speak and even write a Berber-French pidgin.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie speak in a Berber-French pidgin.
Many Berbers are labeled as Arabs.
Many Berbers claim Arab ancestry from the Middle East.
Many Berbers converted to Islam and began to identify with Arabs.
Many Berbers have been heavily Arabized.
Many Berbers have retained their own culture.
Many Berbers have started using the Tifinagh alphabet once again.
Many Berbers lost their identity over the centuries and became Arabized.
Many Berbers migrated to the Iberian Peninsula when it was under Muslim dominations.
Many Berbers still retain their language and traditions.
Many Berbers were Arabized over the centuries.
Many Berbers were converted to Islam and assimilated into the Arab majority.
Many Berbers were fully Arabized, but many others still speak Berber.
Many Berbers were heavily Romanized from the 2nd century AD on.
Many Boston residents oppose the mayor's plan.
Many Brazilian schools observed a minute of silence in honor of the victims of the Realengo massacre.
Many Brazilians refer to WhatsApp as "Zap".
Many Brexit supporters saw regaining control of the country’s sovereign waters as totemic.
Many British people think they don't need the European Union.
Many British retirees live in France, Germany and Spain.
Many Britons took to social media Sunday to post about how they would wish their mothers a happy Mother’s Day without risking exposing them to the virus.
Many Buddhists don't really need anything to read.
Many Canadians do that.
Many Canadians don't do that.
Many Canadians say that they want to visit to Australia.
Many Canadians say they want to visit to Australia.
Many Canadians speak French.
Many Canadians visit Australia every year.
Many Canadians visit Boston every year.
Many Canarians are of Berber origin.
Many Chinese and Turkish companies are making investments in Algeria.
Many Chinese construction companies are investing billions of dollars in Algeria.
Many Chinese live in Africa.
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour.
Many Chinese people make good guests, especially those from rural areas.
Many Chinese tourists visit Algeria every year.
Many Chinese tourists visit Algeria.
Many Chinese were Islamized by Arab merchants.
Many Chinese women have now joined their Western counterparts in a daily regimen of cleansing, exfoliation, toning and moisturizing their skin, each with a different product.
Many Christian rituals have pagan origins.
Many Christian rituals have pagan roots.
Many Christians are too tolerant and are saying OK to everything whatsoever.
Many Christians helped us rebuild the mosque.
Many Christians think that Muslims don't believe in Jesus.
Many Deaf people dislike being thought of as "disabled".
Many EU countries are reinstating internal border checks.
Many Eastern religions teach that there is a unity behind the diversity of phenomena.
Many English proverbs are collected in this book.
Many English words are derived from Latin.
Many English words contain letters that are not pronounced.
Many English words contain letters that aren't pronounced.
Many English words derive from Latin.
Many English words have Latin roots.
Many English words stem from Latin.
Many Esperantists live in Hungary.
Many Esperanto speakers live in Hungary.
Many European Jews relocated to Palestine.
Many European birds hibernate in the north of Africa.
Many European governments say they have little choice but to ease pandemic restrictions, fearing that if they maintain stringent rules, their citizens will only ignore them.
Many European kitchens have scales because dry ingredients are measured by weight there, unlike in America, where they are measured by volume.
Many European people are aware of environmental problems.
Many European products are destroying livelihoods in Algeria.
Many Europeans are growing very skeptical of the US.
Many Europeans are multilingual.
Many Europeans are not paying much attention to this latest chapter of the very long process popularly known as "Brexit."
Many Europeans do not know modern Japan.
Many Europeans eat couscous.
Many Europeans visit Egypt every year.
Many Filipinos who live in Hong Kong eventually learn to speak Cantonese, but most do not venture into writing and reading sinograms.
Many Finns are interested in culture.
Many Finns speak Swedish, aside from their native Finnish. Many ethnic Swedes live in Finland. Swedish is an Indo-European language, whilst Finnish is not.
Many French citizens are teleworking and taking care of their children, since the schools are closed, too.
Many French colonial buildings still shape Algiers's landscape today.
Many French colonial buildings still shape Central Algiers today.
Many French intellectuals strongly advocated for Algerian independence.
Many French intellectuals were in support for Algeria's independence.
Many Germans drink beer.
Many Germans go on vacation to Italy, France, Greece, or Spain. I have done the same for almost twenty years.
Many Germans have blonde hair and blue eyes.
Many Germans have visited France.
Many Germans remain grateful to those who provided aid at a desperate time, in a mission that set a precedent for the Cold War and beyond.
Many Germans travel to Greece every summer.
Many Gothic cathedrals, such as the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, have flying buttresses.
Many Greek and Turkish Jews traditionally speak Ladino.
Many Greeks converted to Islam in Anatolia.
Many Greeks feel great indignation when Germans give them advice.
Many Greeks live in Germany.
Many Haitians are still suffering from the aftermath of a devastating earthquake in 2010 and Hurricane Matthew, which struck the country last month.
Many Hindu extremists are threatening to kill Muslims.
Many Hindus consider Sanskrit to be the language of the gods.
Many Hindus helped us rebuild the mosque.
Many Indians speak English.
Many Inuit in the Arctic have turned to Protestantism, away from their traditional Animistic belief system.
Many Iraqi government officials were removed from their posts by the US.
Many Israeli Jews are completely opposed to what their government is doing to the Palestinians.
Many Israeli businesses rushed into the West Bank to take advantage of cheap rents and to exploit cheap Palestinian labor.
Many Israeli military vehicles were incapacitated by Hezbollah.
Many Israelis are going to flee the country.
Many Israelis believe that something must be done to help the Palestinians.
Many Israelis do not want to see the truth.
Many Israelis don't want to do their national service.
Many Israelis have dual, even triple citizenship and are ready to go back to Europe.
Many Israelis question Zionism.
Many Israelis ran away from their settlements.
Many Israelis refuse to do their military service.
Many Israelis refuse to do their national service.
Many Israelis refuse to serve in the IDF.
Many Israelis refuse to serve in the army.
Many Italian-Americans can't speak Italian.
Many Italians continue to live with their parents until they get married.
Many Italians continue to live with their parents until they marry.
Many Italians have seen a drastic decrease of income.
Many Italians have stepped up to help others in their communities.
Many Japanese get married in church.
Many Japanese irises were flowering prettily on the lake's edge.
Many Japanese irises were flowering prettily on the lake’s edge.
Many Japanese like Sweden and Finland because of Tove Jansson, the Swede-Finn writer of the Moomintroll fantasy books.
Many Japanese people go to the supermarket every day.
Many Japanese people vacation in Hawaii.
Many Japanese really enjoy European food, such as croissants and pastas.
Many Japanese think that the heart of their written language is the two sets of Kana phonograms—Hiragana and Katakana—not Kanji logograms, which they relegate to older people.
Many Japanese travel abroad every year.
Many Japanese travel overseas every year.
Many Japanese-Americans were sent off to concentration camps during World War II.
Many Jewish prophets are mentioned in the Quran.
Many Jews are against Zionism.
Many Jews are opposed to Zionism.
Many Jews are saying that Zionism doesn't speak for them and they are not complicit in its illegal acts.
Many Jews believe the phrase "it is not in heaven" to be an expression of theistic humanism.
Many Jews claim that they have nothing to do with Zionism.
Many Jews from Kurdistan speak Aramaic or come from Aramaic-speaking families.
Many Jews from Kurdistan speak Aramaic.
Many Jews openly attack Zionism.
Many Jews see the pogroms happening around the world as a vindication of Zionism.
Many Jews were employed in the garment industry, working under sweatshop conditions.
Many Jews were expelled by the Germans.
Many Kabyle girls wear the Islamic headscarf.
Many Kabyles are not Muslims.
Many Kabyles do not want to learn writing in the Kabyle language.
Many Kabyles don't know how to write in Kabyle.
Many Kabyles have blonde hair.
Many Kabyles joined Tatoeba.
Many Kabyles owned slaves in the past.
Many Korean women were taken as sex slaves.
Many Latin Americans dream that they could use Esperanto over their own Spanish and Portuguese for regional intercommunication.
Many Linux distributions provide a trusted repository for installing software programs.
Many Lojbanists live in the United States of America.
Many Maltese lived in Algeria while it was under French occupation.
Many Maltese people are bilingual in Maltese and English.
Many Mexicans understand "double entendre" or "doble sentido" like Japanese, but unlike most Westerners.
Many Moroccans are leaving their country.
Many Moroccans barely have anything to eat.
Many Moroccans can barely feed their families.
Many Moroccans have reached the end of their patience.
Many Moroccans live in extreme poverty.
Many Moroccans still don't have access to electricity.
Many Moroccans still live in poverty.
Many Muslim emigrants and refugees are banned from entering the US.
Many Muslim people died protecting Christians.
Many Muslim people died protecting non-Muslims.
Many Muslim teachers are going to lose their jobs because they refuse to use gender-neutral pronouns.
Many Muslims are decking out their homes as Ramadan begins this evening.
Many Muslims are feeling insecure in the West.
Many Muslims are so open-hearted and hospitable.
Many Muslims are victims of religious discrimination.
Many Muslims fasted today.
Many Muslims have a perfection complex.
Many NATO members have small militaries.
Many Native American communities need doctors and teachers.
Many Native American nations traditionally believe in the Great Spirit.
Many New World monkeys have prehensile tails.
Many New Yorkers bristle at the notion that the site where the Twin Towers once stood has become a major tourist attraction.
Many New Yorkers love their professional sporting teams.
Many Obama-era executive environmental actions have been rolled back by the Trump administration.
Many Pacific peoples immigrate to New Zealand, the home of the Polynesian Maoris.
Many Palestinian kids were killed by the soldiers of the IDF.
Many Palestinians are banned from living with their spouses in Israel, but of course, some continue to claim that Israel is not an apartheid state.
Many Palestinians are being expelled of the West Bank for various reasons.
Many Pan-Arabists are unable to stomach the acknowledgment of Berber as an official language in Algeria.
Many Persian words exist in Turkish.
Many Peruvians have the habit of chewing coca leaves.
Many Pharisees and Sadducees came to the baptism of John the Baptist.
Many Republicans did not vote for their own candidate.
Many Republicans didn't vote for their own candidate.
Many Roman technologies were lost during the Middle Ages.
Many Romans went to Greece.
Many Russian Jews speak Russian today instead of Yiddish due to assimilation under the Soviet Union.
Many Russians demanded an end to the war.
Many Russians have been killed while taking photos of themselves with their phones.
Many Russians have dashboard cameras.
Many Sahrawis found refuge in Algeria.
Many Scottish people still use Scots spelling when writing something informal or for humorous purposes.
Many Serbian, Bosnian, and Croatian surnames end in "ić".
Many South Korean religious groups have moved their services online.
Many Swedes spend their vacations in the Netherlands.
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.
Many Tuareg nomads roam the Sahara to this day.
Many Tuaregs are still living like nomads.
Many Tuaregs carry on living as in the past.
Many Tuaregs continue to live in tents.
Many Tuaregs live in the Sahel region.
Many Tuaregs still hold on to their ancient way of life.
Many Turkish companies are interested in doing business in Algeria.
Many Turkish companies are investing in Algeria.
Many Turkish companies are operating in Algeria.
Many U.S. coral reefs were alive and thriving centuries before the European colonization of the nearby shores.
Many U.S. politicians depend on contributions from fat cats for their campaigns.
Many Union soldiers were killed or wounded.
Many Vietnamese work in nail and beauty salons, which have boomed on British high streets in recent years.
Many Welsh books are published every year.
Many Western women, I observe, are really phobic about science and technology. My Japanese teacher knew everything about her camera, how to use all the options.
Many Westerners appreciate the wide variety in the visual graphic aspect of Oriental glyphs.
Many Westerners are in favor of setting up a no-fly zone over Ukraine.
Many Westerners hold the belief that the West is culturally superior to other regions across the globe.
Many Westerners hold the perception that the entire world revolves around the West, believing their cultural, economic, and political influence to be all-encompassing.
Many Westerners no longer like the concept of "work."
Many Zionists claim that Muslims hate Jews.
Many Zoroastrians speak Gujarati at home.
Many a bargain is missed for lack of money.
Many a book is published, but of them only a very few are worth reading.
Many a day did she spend knitting a sweater for him.
Many a gentleman of the old school has been provoked to remark regretfully upon the under-bred manners and bearing of even the better classes in the modern industrial communities; and the decay of the ceremonial codeâ€”or as it is otherwise called, the vulgarisation of lifeâ€”among the industrial classes proper has become one of the chief enormities of latter-day civilisation in the eyes of all persons of delicate sensibilities.
Many a gentleman of the old school has been provoked to remark regretfully upon the under-bred manners and bearing of even the better classes in the modern industrial communities; and the decay of the ceremonial code—or as it is otherwise called, the vulgarisation of life—among the industrial classes proper has become one of the chief enormities of latter-day civilisation in the eyes of all persons of delicate sensibilities.
Many a layman confuse vane with vain.
Many a little makes a mickle.
Many a lonely moon was bright upon the battle-ground, and many a star kept mournful watch upon it, and many a wind from every quarter of the earth blew over it, before the traces of the fight were worn away.
Many a man believes the story.
Many a man comes and goes.
Many a man has failed.
Many a man has lost his life at sea.
Many a man has made the same error.
Many a man has made the same mistake.
Many a man has predicted it.
Many a mickle makes a muckle.
Many a mother spoils her sons by not being strict enough.
Many a night she heard the fishermen, who were fishing by torchlight, talking over the good deeds of the young prince.
Many a night she stood by the open windows and looked up through the dark blue water which the fish were lashing with their tails and fins.
Many a person has had the same experience.
Many a person who flees temptation secretly hopes that it will catch up to him.
Many a quarrel comes about through a misunderstanding.
Many a reader skips the words that he doesn't know.
Many a reader skips the words that he doesn’t know.
Many a story has been told about him.
Many a student has failed the test.
Many a student studies at the library.
Many a tear was shed, but nary a word was spoken.
Many a time did he give me good advice.
Many a tree was blown down by the typhoon.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Many a wayfarer upon the high road which ran by Ferrier's farm felt long-forgotten thoughts revive in their minds as they watched her lithe, girlish figure tripping through the wheat-fields, or met her mounted upon her father's mustang, and managing it with all the ease and grace of a true child of the West.
Many a wild flower formed by the Almighty Hand to be a perfumed goblet for the dew, felt its enamelled cup filled high with blood that day, and shrinking dropped.
Many a woman who shrieks at a mouse, or a rat, may be capable of poisoning a husband; or, what is worse, of driving him to poison himself.
Many a young girl likes the singer.
Many abolitionists in 19th-century America were of German descent.
Many aboriginal Australians are suffering systemic racism.
Many aboriginal Australians die in custody.
Many aboriginal children were taken away from their parents by the Australian government.
Many aboriginal people are HIV positive.
Many aboriginal people are homeless.
Many aboriginal people avoid medical care to avoid discrimination.
Many accidents arise from carelessness.
Many accidents happen every year.
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.
Many accidents resulted from the icy road conditions.
Many accidents were caused by the bad weather.
Many admire her.
Many admire him.
Many adults missed out on schooling because of warfare and displacement.
Many advanced nations, like Germany and Denmark, make wide use of apprenticeships, but U.S. firms have cut back sharply on them.
Many advantages accrue to society from the freedom of speech.
Many airlines have suspended flights to and from Italy until early April.
Many among us are not familiar with diphthongs but they are found in every phrase, sentence and paragraph. Question: How important are they in the Zamboangueño Chavacano language and what does "diphthong" mean? Answer: They are very important! Diphthongs are combinations of two vowels pronounced together in the same syllable, which produce a new distinct sound.
Many amphibian species will breed in specific breeding grounds, such as shallow ponds or marshes.
Many an evening and many a morning she would rise to the place where she had left the prince.
Many an evening the five sisters interlacing their arms would rise above the water together.
Many an insect deriving its delicate colour from harmless leaves and herbs, was stained anew that day by dying men, and marked its frightened way with an unnatural track.
Many ancient technologies were lost during the Middle Ages.
Many animal killers like their prey to writhe and scream, not because they are sadistic but simply because that is the way they can ensure that they are about to eat fresh, healthy food.
Many animal rights activists, who believe non-domesticated species belong in the wild, have condemned so-called "exotic" pet ownership. An increasing number of U.S. cities and counties have banned the ownership of certain wild animals, like mountain lions and wolves, for public safety reasons. And the connection between monkeypox and prairie dogs is causing some people to question whether any wild animals should be kept as pets.
Many animal species are on the brink of extinction.
Many animal species naturally engage in incest.
Many animal species will exhibit distinct behaviors during their breeding season.
Many animal studies unambiguously show certain substances to be poisonous or of medical value in animals, but the results of later studies conducted on humans show that these effects do not occur in people. In other words, the results of these animal studies were useless for producing information of benefit to humans.
Many animals and trees of the Amazonian forest have Tupi names.
Many animals are active at night.
Many animals are extinct in the world.
Many animals are more active at night.
Many animals are nocturnal.
Many animals have been destroyed by men.
Many animals that live in the sea have no trouble at all with high pressure.
Many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct.
Many animals were drowned in the flood.
Many anti-Zionist Jews are accused of being anti-Semites.
Many anti-Zionist Jews were assassinated by armed Jewish militia.
Many antibiotics come from fungi.
Many ants lay their eggs on leaves.
Many apologies for being so late!
Many applicants invest emotionally in a dream that is not likely to come true, in addition to spending up to hundreds of dollars on application fees.
Many applications are unsuccessful because, despite working internally as they should, their graphical interfaces are not functional, making end users reject them immediately.
Many aquatic animals use sound to find prey, locate mates and offspring, avoid predators, guide their navigation and locate habitat, and listen and communicate with each other.
Many archaeological sites are at risk because of poor maintenance.
Many archaeologists have hoped to discover the lost city of Atlantis.
Many archeological sites are at risk due to poor maintenance.
Many architectural monstrosities are seen in Tokyo.
Many are able to enter the USA illegally.
Many are against this bill.
Many are called, but few are chosen.
Many are convinced that he is resistant to advice.
Many are fed up with their present careers.
Many are finding solace in gardening.
Many are lost sheep at times.
Many are queuing.
Many are sceptical.
Many are slaves to the passions.
Many are standing in line.
Many are strongly in favor of war, as long as they personally aren't affected by it.
Many are surprised to learn that unlike the pharmaceutical grade fluoride in their toothpaste, the fluoride in their water is an untreated industrial waste product, one that contains trace elements of arsenic and lead.
Many are those that judge, few are those that understand you.
Many are those who stopped living before they started.
Many are unable to see beyond their own beliefs.
Many are waiting in the queue.
Many areas in Algeria are subject to desertification.
Many areas in Algeria experience regular flooding.
Many ask me how I managed to quit smoking. It's incredible, but I just stopped putting cigarettes in my mouth and lighting them up. And it worked!
Many aspects of Christianity are designed to incite hatred and violence, such as the claim that Jews cried out in unison, "His blood be on us and our children!"
Many aspects of my life are not working out.
Many aspiring Santas attend special classes.
Many assert that Christianity is more moral than Judaism, but history does not bear this out.
Many assumptions were made regarding the cause of her death.
Many astronomers are working hard to measure the Hubble constant using a variety of different techniques.
Many astronomers assume that Proxima Centauri, the nearest star to the Sun, is part of the binary system Alpha Centauri.
Many astronomers assume that the universe continues to expand forever.
Many astronomers assume that the universe expands infinitely.
Many atheists and religious people share the same prejudices.
Many atheists are stridently anti-religion.
Many athletes forego a social life, so they can achieve their performance goals.
Many athletes refuse to participate in sporting events organized in that racist country.
Many atrocities were committed during the war.
Many attacks may go unreported.
Many attended his funeral.
Many authentic nobles did not have a nobiliary particle in their names.
Many authors ignore the existence of this historically important person.
Many bad things have happened.
Many bakeries sell more than bread.
Many bakeries sell more than just bread.
Many bars, clubs and liquor stores, particularly in college towns, require all patrons to show proof of identification, regardless of age.
Many bats live in this cave.
Many beachgoers ignored the warnings.
Many beautiful flowers bloom in spring.
Many became homeless because of the earthquake.
Many bees died during the winter.
Many begin, but few finish.
Many believe that Tom really is a time traveller.
Many believe that men's souls live after death.
Many believe that space exploration is key to humanity’s future survival.
Many believe that the NHS is being deliberately run down as a way to speed up further privatisation.
Many believe that the world is getting more just, but perhaps it's merely getting less toxic.
Many believe the ability to speak Chinese will advance their careers.
Many betrayed their friends for money.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
Many biometric systems are based on the fingerprint scanner.
Many bird species have a specific breeding season each year.
Many bird species will return to their breeding grounds each year to mate and raise young.
Many birds are dying due to the heat wave.
Many birds are on the branch.
Many birds fly high in the sky.
Many birds fly south for the winter.
Many birds fly south in autumn.
Many birds fly south in the autumn.
Many birds fly south in the fall.
Many birds fly to warmer regions in autumn.
Many birds head south in autumn.
Many birds regurgitate food to feed their chicks.
Many birds return to this site periodically.
Many birds sit on the branch.
Many bluejays visit our birdfeeder.
Many board members opposed the measure.
Many boats are sailing on the sea.
Many boats lay at anchor in the bay.
Many books are published in Welsh every year.
Many books have been stolen.
Many books have been written about it.
Many books were forgotten.
Many boxes are produced out of aluminium.
Many boys and girls ranging from 12 to 18 entered the contest.
Many boys and girls were present.
Many boys are fond of mischief.
Many boys are running in the garden.
Many brave Israelis question Zionism itself.
Many bridges cross the Seine.
Many buildings are still flooded.
Many buildings burned to the ground.
Many buildings have been destroyed.
Many buildings in Algiers date back to the French colonial days.
Many buildings in New York don't have a thirteenth floor.
Many buildings in New York don’t have a thirteenth floor.
Many buildings sustained substantial damage.
Many buildings were destroyed by the earthquake.
Many buses provided a daily service from Tizi-Ouzou to Algiers.
Many business owners reported dramatically decreased sales and foot traffic.
Many businesses closed down.
Many businesses were forced to close.
Many businesses were plundered during the riots.
Many businessmen, in order to curry favor with government officials, will shower them with gifts and money.
Many came from Algeria.
Many campaign songs were written.
Many can hardly hold back their tears.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
Many candidates withdraw their application after they realize the time and danger involved in being an astronaut.
Many caregivers suffer from depression.
Many cars passed by.
Many castles are encircled by a moat.
Many castles are in ruins.
Many cathedrals were built during the Middle Ages.
Many cats hate other cats.
Many causes produce war. There are ancient hatreds, turbulent frontiers, the "legacy of old forgotten, far-off things, and battles long ago." There are new-born fanaticisms. Convictions on the part of certain peoples that they have become the unique depositories of ultimate truth and right.
Many characters are nuns.
Many charities report that children living on the streets are struggling to find food and shelter amid the outbreak.
Many chemical reactions can be artificially induced.
Many chickens have died of cholera.
Many child psychologists think that parents should play with their children more often and give them problems to think about.
Many children are fussy about eating foods with certain textures.
Many children are hapless victims of this conflict.
Many children are hurrying to school.
Many children are playing on the beach.
Many children are yelling annoyingly.
Many children are yelling, which is annoying.
Many children at a nearby school witnessed the plane crash.
Many children at this school are malnourished.
Many children die of starvation in Africa.
Many children died at an early age.
Many children do learn astronomy on their own time.
Many children don't like eating spinach.
Many children don't like school.
Many children don't like to eat vegetables.
Many children don't like vegetables, but my little brother loves them.
Many children dread their parents.
Many children dream of competing in the Olympics.
Many children dream of playing in the World Cup.
Many children dressed up for the Shichigosan Festival.
Many children enjoy eating peanut butter sandwiches.
Many children fear their parents.
Many children had to look after themselves.
Many children in Wisconsin play hockey in the winter.
Many children learn to use a computer even before entering school.
Many children leave cookies and milk for Santa.
Many children live poorly in this country.
Many children nowadays are uninterested in what they learn in school, believing it's useless to them. Is that the students' fault, or the system's fault?
Many children often go hungry.
Many children play in the vacant lot behind my house.
Many children stay after school for club activities.
Many children were playing in the park.
Many children will be going from door to door saying "Trick or treat?" on Halloween night.
Many cities in Europe have pledged to phase out diesel cars — and there’s hope that sales of electric vehicles could take over as battery life improves.
Many cities were built at or near the mouths of the great rivers, these being the seats of trade and commerce, whence ships passed to and from all parts of the world. The land of Mu was the mother and the centre of the earth's civilization, learning, trade and commerce; all other countries of the world were her colonies or colonial empires.
Many cities were destroyed by bombs.
Many citizens are not interested in the elections.
Many citizens enlisted in the army.
Many citizens joined the army.
Many civilians were wounded.
Many clients are complaining about how all the store's merchandise is defective.
Many clients come to that lawyer for advice.
Many clients went to the able lawyer for advice.
Many coastal and island communities depend on coral reef fisheries for their economic, social, and cultural benefits.
Many college students don't have a lot of money.
Many college students use computers to write their papers.
Many colonial powers viewed their colonial subjects as inferior and not fully entitled to the same rights and freedoms as their own citizens.
Many commentators regard Obama as a centrist.
Many commercially important fruits are from Rosaceae.
Many common mammals found along the shores of Lake Superior are conspicuously absent from this isle.
Many common words we use today were once coined in fiction.
Many companies advertise their products on TV.
Many companies and entrepreneurs have been put through the ringer this year.
Many companies are trying to replicate TikTok's success.
Many companies have their employees work from home.
Many companies in other countries have apprenticeship programs to train workers, but most American companies do not. Apprenticeships often combine classroom training with practical work experience. Over a few years, a worker slowly gains the skills needed to perform complex jobs.
Many companies monitor their employees' internet activity.
Many companies monitor their employees’ internet activity.
Many companies outsource their work to other companies.
Many complicated-looking real integrals can be solved using methods from complex analysis.
Many concerned people decided to uninstall some social media apps.
Many conditions are associated with dizziness.
Many conservationists fear the continuing slaughter of whales is pushing these animals towards extinction.
Many conservative Americans agreed with him.
Many conservative women still can't accept fishnet stockings.
Many consider Italian to be the most beautiful language in the world.
Many consider Italian to be the world's most beautiful language.
Many consider Latin a dead language.
Many consider Yankistan a failed state.
Many consider euthanasia a way to relieve a patient's suffering.
Many consider him a genius.
Many consider his idea absurd.
Many consider seven to be a lucky number.
Many considered Martin Luther to be an apostate when he first voiced his opinions against the Catholic Church, but he is celebrated today as the father of modern Protestantism.
Many conspiracy theorists leverage unverifiable statements and claim them as facts.
Many consumer reviews of books on Amazon are fake.
Many consumer reviews on Amazon are fake.
Many consumers are concerned about the health risks of genetically modified food.
Many consumers rose up against the consumption tax.
Many continue to participate in it by using relics of this very same genocide against its victims.
Many corrupt politicians were arrested in Algeria.
Many could not hear him.
Many countries allow people with chronic diseases to choose to die a merciful death.
Many countries are declining economically.
Many countries are experiencing similar problems.
Many countries are having difficulties in the economic sphere.
Many countries are struggling to decide how and when to reopen schools.
Many countries are willing to trade with Algeria.
Many countries are witnessing this problem firsthand. Radical websites are mushrooming on the Web, along with places that offer young people easy pointers on how to tap into them.
Many countries depend on agriculture.
Many countries have a problem with poverty.
Many countries have abolished capital punishment.
Many countries have joined the defensive alliance.
Many countries have laws prohibiting smoking.
Many countries have passed laws to prohibit people from smoking in public places.
Many countries have problems with poverty.
Many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons.
Many countries have strict laws against drugs.
Many countries import Algerian oil.
Many countries in the world allow people with chronic diseases to choose euthanasia.
Many countries must confront similar problems.
Many countries purchase Algerian oil.
Many countries recognize Western Sahara and Palestine as nations.
Many countries reject Kosovo's independence.
Many countries still rely on coal.
Many countries supplement pregnancy and maternity leave with at least a few weeks of paternity leave.
Many countries take measures in order to protect themselves against anthrax or smallpox better.
Many countries try to regulate the birth rate.
Many couples choose to have biological children than adopting them.
Many couples disagree about having babies.
Many couples end in divorce.
Many couples in America both work to make ends meet.
Many couples nowadays sign prenuptial agreements.
Many couples quarrel over meaningless matters.
Many couples rely on sperm donors to conceive.
Many couples these days are having divorce ceremonies, complete with divorce vows, conducted by professional civil celebrants.
Many couples who were in Boston marriages were respected.
Many crimes can be carried out on the Internet.
Many crimes go underreported.
Many crimes go unreported.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
Many criminals in the United States are addicted to drugs.
Many criticise Tom's style of writing for being too simple.
Many cultures have specific rituals and beliefs regarding the disposal of the placenta.
Many cultures, many stories, and pretty girls.
Many current movies are trash.
Many customers say blind masseurs and masseuses are better because they have a better sense of touch.
Many dances have been held in this hall.
Many dangers are lurking out there.
Many dangers lie ahead.
Many deaf people don't like being called disabled.
Many decisions are not closely related to life.
Many desert roads are straight.
Many developed countries are faced with financial crises.
Many developed countries export their trash to developing countries.
Many devices there are for escaping death.
Many devices with resistive touchscreens also include a stylus for more precise pointing.
Many died in exile.
Many died in that war.
Many died of hunger and cold.
Many died of hunger and disease.
Many different things can be made from wood.
Many different types of flowers were in bloom in the garden.
Many directors want to make artistically ambitious and meaningful movies, but the Hollywood system does not allow that.
Many disabled people find person-first language to be misguided.
Many disabled people of all stripes are further disadvantaged by a culture that fails to understand, let alone meet, their needs.
Many disagree.
Many diseases result from poverty.
Many dockworkers are currently out of work.
Many doctors are using some form of absorbable sutures.
Many doctors don't accept Medicare.
Many doctors have been sick.
Many doctors look at your tongue first when they begin an examination.
Many dog owners only feed their dogs once a day.
Many dogs are alive.
Many dogs can swim.
Many dogs get hit by cars.
Many don't agree.
Many drag shows are appropriate for children.
Many drivers abandoned their cars in the snow.
Many drivers don't obey the speed limit.
Many drivers drive slightly over the speed limit.
Many drivers have a cavalier attitude towards the rules of the road.
Many drops make a flood.
Many drugs cannot cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain.
Many drugs in the experimental stage are tested on lab animals.
Many early cars used a tiller instead of a steering wheel.
Many ecology-minded performers and media personalities promoted Earth Day.
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
Many economists ignore this fact.
Many economists reject the premise that technological advancements will lead to catastrophic job loss.
Many educated Algerians emigrate to Canada.
Many educated Algerians leave the country for good.
Many educators and admissions officers are questioning whether legacy admissions should be abandoned.
Many educators and admissions officers are questioning whether legacy admissions should be abandoned. Others say the practice helps raise funds that can be used for students who need financial aid.
Many efforts have been make to develop market for imports.
Many employees feel underappreciated at work and would like to be thanked more often.
Many employees feel underappreciated at work.
Many employees had to be laid off due to budget cutbacks.
Many employers wouldn't do that.
Many enemies attacked Rome.
Many engineers lost their licenses because of that disaster.
Many entities from other dimensions speak to me.
Many envision that Mars will be humanity's second planetary home.
Many esperantists live in Hungary.
Many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift.
Many evangelical churches actively engage in community outreach and mission work.
Many evangelicals are more Zionist than the Zionists themselves.
Many events happen in convents.
Many ex-Algerian ministers are accused of flagrantly abusing public money.
Many ex-Algerian officials are banned from leaving the country.
Many ex-Algerian officials are on the run.
Many ex-muslims fear for their lives.
Many experiments have been carried out in this field.
Many experts admitted surprise at the new numbers but cautioned against overly gloomy assessments.
Many experts expressed doubt.
Many experts expressed doubts about that.
Many explanations have been put forward, but none of them are particularly satisfying.
Many factories are springing to existence in Algeria.
Many factors have accumulated and caused a disaster.
Many factors must be considered.
Many factors need to be considered.
Many factors need to be taken into consideration.
Many factory workers consider themselves just an average Joe.
Many factory workers wear uniforms.
Many fallen trees can be seen in the street.
Many families eat dinner while watching TV.
Many families enjoy watching Christmas movies together.
Many families go to church on Sunday mornings.
Many families had lost their savings during the war and had nothing to fall back on.
Many families in Algeria struggle to afford the high upfront costs of buying a home.
Many families left to make a new life on the frontier.
Many families now have two breadwinners with both husbands and wives working.
Many families went west to make a new life on the frontier.
Many famous artists live in Boston.
Many famous artists live in New York.
Many famous musicians live in Boston.
Many famous people are behind the movement.
Many famous philosophers and poets come from Athens.
Many fans are gathering in front of the singer's car.
Many fans are gathering in front of the singer’s car.
Many fans came running toward the actress.
Many fantasy football leagues hold draft parties, when league players get together to select their team’s players before the start of the season.
Many fantasy novels depict worlds with two moons.
Many farmers had to divest themselves of stock during the drought to save on feeding costs.
Many farmers in Hokkaido grow potatoes.
Many farmers in this area grow potatoes.
Many farmers lost their farms.
Many fast food restaurants provide discounts to get customers to buy more junk food, which negatively affects public health.
Many fear an uptick in the violence.
Many fear that cuts in the defense budget will undermine the military's effectiveness.
Many fear that cuts in the defense budget will undermine the military’s effectiveness.
Many feared the start of another civil war.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Many ferns are known for their large green leaves.
Many fig varieties are grown in Kabylie, Algeria.
Many find it interesting.
Many find that people spend too much time in front of the television.
Many fine minds have no use for literature. In pitiful blindness, they say, "It's not real."
Many firms are competing for the wealthier segment of the market.
Many fish are dying.
Many fish are killed by ghost fishing.
Many fish died.
Many fish have evolved to have transparent skin.
Many fish species will return to the same breeding grounds year after year.
Many fish swim in the river.
Many fitness classes are available at the gym.
Many flights have been canceled because of the snow.
Many flights have been canceled because of the storm.
Many flights were canceled because of the heavy snowfall.
Many flights were canceled because of the storm.
Many flights were canceled because of the typhoon.
Many flights were canceled due to the heavy snowfall.
Many flights were canceled, owing to the typhoon.
Many flowers are blooming in the garden.
Many flowers are blooming now.
Many flowers bloom in the spring.
Many flowers start blooming in springtime.
Many folk songs were about social problems.
Many foods can be boiled.
Many foods considered traditionally European are made with ingredients originating from the Americas.
Many foreign businesses are setting up companies in Algeria.
Many foreign companies are looking for affordable accommodation in Algeria.
Many foreign customs were introduced into Japan after the war.
Many foreign language students dream of speaking like a native.
Many foreign people come to Japan to work.
Many foreign policy experts think that big powers like the United States and the European Union should aspire to be honest brokers in the Middle East — favouring neither Israel nor Palestine, for example.
Many foreign tourists come to Hokkaido for the beautiful nature.
Many foreigners also come to Japan to learn Japanese.
Many foreigners can appreciate Kabuki.
Many foreigners come to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
Many foreigners come to Japan for work.
Many foreigners come to Japan to learn Japanese.
Many foreigners come to Japan to work.
Many foreigners speak good Japanese.
Many foreigners travel to Japan to study Japanese.
Many foreigners work in our company.
Many forms of life are disappearing.
Many fragile species are on the verge of extinction.
Many frases from this project aren't translated yet.
Many freedoms are lacking in Algeria.
Many friends came to see me off.
Many friends came to see us off.
Many friends of Tatoeba know Esperanto.
Many friends of my youth also came.
Many friends saw him off.
Many fruits change the color of their skin when they ripen.
Many gamblers win and lose money at the horse-race track.
Many games use dice as a random number generator.
Many gay and bi people are also trans.
Many geckos are nocturnal.
Many geckos have interesting patterns and colors.
Many girls competed just to get Elias's attention.
Many girls have second thoughts at the altar.
Many girls like dressing up.
Many go out for wool and come home shorn.
Many go out for wool, and come home shorn.
Many good grades will loom on the horizon.
Many good people die every day.
Many good sayings are to be found in holy books, but merely reading them will not make one religious.
Many goods are now transported by air.
Many goods are transported across the globe by ship.
Many goods are transported at midnight by truck.
Many great men came from this town.
Many great men went through hardship during their youth.
Many great scientists had thought about absurd things.
Many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death.
Many great truths were originally blasphemous.
Many great truths were originally blasphemy.
Many greetings.
Many groups of immigrants have been assimilated into American society.
Many guests are invited to the wedding.
Many guests attended Mary's wedding.
Many gyms have been deemed non-essential businesses and are not allowed to open.
Many had a hard time finding jobs in their field.
Many had blood streaming down their faces, staining their special white garments a crimson red.
Many had lost their arms or legs.
Many had spent years in British factories.
Many hands help get the job done.
Many hands make light work.
Many hands make quick work.
Many happy returns of the day!
Many happy returns of the day! Happy birthday!
Many happy returns to all who bear the name of a flower!
Many happy returns!
Many have left the country to seek their fortune elsewhere. Those who stay know how to get by with very little.
Many have long suffered oppression and hardship under colonialism.
Many have pondered the question of what Tom eats for breakfast, but no one has come up with the right answer.
Many have returned from abroad, because a new life in the old home country now offers opportunities.
Many have said of Alchemy, that it is for the making of gold and silver. For me such is not the aim, but to consider only what virtue and power may lie in medicines.
Many have searched for Ziri's remains.
Many have spoken these words.
Many have suffered oppression and misery for a long period of time under the rule of colonialism.
Many have tried.
Many heads are better than one.
Many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day.
Many hearts were broken.
Many heavy smokers live to a ripe old age, while some light smokers die early, as do some nonsmokers.
Many herds also show some evidence of cattle gene introgression from early 19th century cross-breeding with domestic cattle.
Many heretics, witches, and atheists were burned at the stake of the Inquisition. Today, the scientist who unwittingly declares that he believes in a supernatural intelligence will be discriminated against by his materialistic peers and persecuted in his professional career.
Many high school and college students return to their dormitories at this time.
Many high school graduates lack exposure to learning that links their work in school to college and careers—especially in the critically important fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).
Many high school students hang around at book stores reading comics.
Many high-level officials attended the meeting.
Many highways are still closed.
Many highways remain closed.
Many homeless people can't afford healthy food.
Many homeless people live in parks.
Many homes were washed away by the flood.
Many hospitals don’t even have an ultrasound machine to check the status of a baby, said Mandsager, the medical director of obstetrics at Mercy Medical Center in Des Moines.
Many hospitals in England have been hit by a cyber-attack.
Many hours passed while she examined everything.
Many household appliances are now connected to the internet.
Many household appliances are now internet-enabled.
Many household cleaners contain poison.
Many households have more than one computer.
Many households lost water, gas or electricity.
Many households own more than one computer.
Many houses burned down.
Many houses have been searched.
Many houses place carved pumpkins on their front doorsteps.
Many houses were damaged beyond repair in the flood.
Many houses were damaged by the storm.
Many housewives complain about high prices.
Many housewives make good use of frozen food.
Many hundreds of lives could be saved each year if all cars were fitted with driver wakefulness monitors.
Many husbands complain about their wives.
Many hyperactive children get diagnosed with ADHD.
Many hypotheses have been put forward to explain how leaf quaking benefits Populus.
Many imams come from Kabylie.
Many immigrants are willing to take on the physical demands of meat packing as they try to advance, several Ethiopian and Eritrean workers in Sioux Falls told VOA, and they appreciate overtime.
Many immigrants in the United Kingdom come from Asia.
Many immigrants to Britain have come from Asia.
Many important daily Jewish prayers must be said communally.
Many important guests have already been received here.
Many important historical events took place 7000 years B.C.
Many improvements have been made since this century began.
Many in Algeria prefer to keep their money at home.
Many in England want to see the public subsidy of the monarchy done away with.
Many in Hamburg speak Missingsch, a mix of Low Saxon and German.
Many in India and Nepal mark the arrival of spring with the Holi festival, known also as the festival of colors or the festival of love.
Many in our country do not know the pain of poverty, but we can listen to those who do. And I can pledge our nation to a goal: When we see that wounded traveler on the road to Jericho, we will not pass to the other side.
Many in the North felt slavery was wrong.
Many in the audience left early.
Many in the theater recognized him.
Many incidents occurred in the nineties.
Many independent films are made on low budgets.
Many industrialists have expressed their concern about the economy.
Many industries are turning to robots to increase efficiency and reduce costs.
Many industries have already disappeared in Algeria.
Many infected people don't even feel sick.
Many influencers and YouTubers often release a range of cosmetics at extortionate prices.
Many inhabitants of the United States speak Spanish.
Many inmates on death row say they don't want to die.
Many inmates on death row say they want to die.
Many innocent people were killed.
Many innocent people were saved from the hostage takers.
Many insect species have a short breeding season, sometimes lasting only a few weeks.
Many insects can be eaten.
Many insects can fly.
Many insects die off in the winter because it is too cold for them to survive.
Many insects fly.
Many intellectuals don't hate sex.
Many intellectuals know that age is relative and do not really care about it. All they hope for is good health.
Many intelligent people are not adverse to sex.
Many interesting things were said at the conference.
Many international conferences have been held in Geneva.
Many international ski tourists became infected and brought the virus back home.
Many international students don’t have family in the United States and will not have family from overseas coming to visit them.
Many international students don’t have family in the United States.
Many international, first-generation and low-income students said they fear losing shelter, medical care and food as universities shut down their campuses in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19.
Many inventions were born from numerous failures.
Many issues were raised during the meeting. I'll mention, briefly, the most important of them.
Many job offers are invisible because they are in the hidden market. They are, by nature, only accessible through word of mouth and networking.
Many jobs could be completely replaced by technology.
Many jobs could be entirely replaced by AI.
Many kinds of animals are threatened with extinction.
Many kinds of animals have vanished from the earth.
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
Many kinds of flowers always come out in his garden.
Many kinds of flowers come out in the middle of April.
Many kinds of flowers will come out soon.
Many kinds of people live on our street.
Many kiss the hand they wish to cut off.
Many knew him in Europe, where he was a popular lecturer.
Many lacked political experience.
Many landforms on Mars appear to have been shaped by flowing water.
Many language teachers recommend learning new words in context, not separately. So let's say: in complete sentences at the minimum.
Many languages are exclusively oral.
Many languages are not written.
Many languages are spoken in Lapland.
Many languages borrow from English words.
Many languages have a lot of inconsistency.
Many languages have developed reflexive pronouns, by means of which many ambiguities are obviated.
Many languages use English words.
Many languages use letters with diacritical signs.
Many large Japanese companies depend on exports.
Many leaders supported the compromise.
Many leading British politicians studied philosophy, politics and economics at Oxford.
Many letters of encouragement refreshed my sad heart.
Many libraries also provide wireless local area network.
Many little red birds always sing merrily in the trees.
Many lives were lost in the accident.
Many lives were lost in the flood.
Many lives were lost.
Many local dialects seem to be dying out.
Many local parks need maintenance.
Many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years.
Many locals are blaming oil and gas extraction for the powerful tremor.
Many locations, despite being situated near coastlines, have fairly extreme climates.
Many logograms are just graphical idiomatic expressions, "figures of speech."
Many looked at what was unfolding in the northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto as though they were observing a distant planet through a telescope.
Many lost their homes after the earthquake.
Many lost their homes during the earthquake.
Many lost their homes in the earthquake.
Many lost their house in that earthquake.
Many lost their houses in the earthquake.
Many mangrove forests can be recognized by their dense tangle of prop roots that make the trees appear to be standing on stilts above the water.
Many marine animals have polarizing lenses in their eyes—lenses that manipulate the passage of light and control the animal's view of the world, just like a pair of polarizing sunglasses does for humans.
Many marriages are formed in a drunken state.
Many mathematicians are bad at mental arithmetic.
Many meetings were conducted.
Many members dropped out of the club when the dues were raised.
Many members of indigenous tribes in the Amazon have weaker immune systems.
Many members of the Belarusian government are already under EU sanctions because of last year's crackdown following the disputed August presidential election.
Many men back then had long beards.
Many men died at sea.
Many men grow beards because they're too lazy to shave.
Many men have larger breasts than women.
Many men here drink away their wages.
Many men left for the West in search of gold.
Many men nowadays seem to have the feeling that in vast modern societies there is nothing of importance that the individual can do.
Many men set out for the West in search of gold.
Many men suffer from a small penis complex.
Many men suffer from performance anxiety.
Many men want to be thin, too.
Many men went west in search of gold.
Many men were badly wounded in the battle.
Many men were hired at the factory.
Many men, many minds.
Many metals make good catalysts.
Many metaphors came up in the story.
Many methanogenic Archaea are obligate anaerobes.
Many methods have been proposed for treating fractures of the atrophic mandible.
Many midwives are needed in order to give birth to the future.
Many migrants are willing to take huge risks.
Many migrants travel from Greece, through the Balkans, to Western Europe.
Many migrating birds nest in Algeria.
Many migratory birds come to this pond every year in winter.
Many migratory birds rely on wetlands as a crucial stopover point during their journeys.
Many millions of people around the world suffer from problems of the small intestine. Bleeding from abnormal growths and other disorders affect an estimated nineteen-million people in the United States alone. But the problems have been difficult to identify because it is hard for doctors to examine this organ. Now, however, a new device is giving doctors a better look at the small intestine.
Many miners are afraid that the mine will be closed down soon.
Many minority groups have been discriminated against in the past.
Many mistakes could have been avoided through simple experiments.
Many mistakes could've been avoided through simple experiments.
Many moisturizing creams claim to have an anti-aging effect.
Many moments were cut out during editing.
Many monkeys are found on the hill.
Many monuments are crafted from beautiful, marbled granite.
Many moons ago, I was a seaman.
Many moons orbit around Saturn.
Many more electric vehicle charging points need to be installed across the country.
Many more people live in London than in any other British city.
Many mosques were burned down.
Many mosquito-borne diseases don't have cures or vaccines.
Many motorcycle drivers in Greece do not always use a helmet.
Many muggings go unreported.
Many municipalities have reduced chlorination and now also use ultraviolet light to sanitize the public supply of drinking water.
Many murders have been committed in the name of patriotism.
Many museums are closed on Mondays.
Many music-lovers make pilgrimages to places like Abbey Road in London.
Many musicians consider Bach as simply the best composer of all time.
Many musicians consider Bach simply to be the best composer of all time.
Many musicians regard Bach as simply the greatest composer of all time.
Many nations had signed the treaty in 1997 in Kyoto, Japan.
Many nations in Southeast Asia have passed laws against fake news in recent years.
Many nations recognize Western Sahara as a country.
Many nations recognize Western Sahara.
Many native English speakers make errors in English.
Many native speakers of Japanese have trouble hearing the difference between B and V.
Many new buildings have been built around here in the last three years.
Many new factories have opened.
Many new mothers suffer from postpartum depression.
Many new properties are being built in the suburbs.
Many new reforms have been brought about recently.
Many new teachers feel ill-prepared to teach basic literacy and numeracy.
Many newly-weds come here to pose for romantic photos.
Many newspaper reporters attended the trial.
Many nights did he spend, looking up at the stars.
Many non-Christians celebrate Christmas, too.
Many non-Christians celebrate Christmas.
Many nonreligious people are agnostic, although some are atheists.
Many novels and shows romanticize the agrarian lifestyle.
Many novels have been written by him.
Many now remember Giscard as a reformer and a champion of European unity.
Many observers believe that the Democrats turned away the people who would show up to vote for them via their support for Israel's war in Gaza, excessive attempts to appeal to imagined "moderate Republicans," and out-of-touch appeals to the "middle class," a group with which fewer and fewer Americans identify in the 2020s.
Many obstacles were put in Tom's way.
Many of Algeria's corrupt officials were arrested in 2019.
Many of Algiers' colonial buildings have been preserved.
Many of Algiers' colonial buildings have decayed.
Many of America’s international competitors offer students a more rigorous and relevant education in their middle and high school years.
Many of Britain's inhabitants were sailors and farmers.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the donut phenomenon.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
Many of Europe’s metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
Many of Fadil's friends were questioned by police.
Many of Guantanamo's interrogators were trained torturers.
Many of Mary's friends think she's a genius.
Many of Pope's men were not prepared for battle.
Many of Pope’s men were not prepared for battle.
Many of Sami's workers were Muslims.
Many of Tom Jackson's songs became hits.
Many of Tom Jackson's songs were hits.
Many of Tom and Mary's friends think they're geniuses.
Many of Tom's clients are millionaires.
Many of Tom's friends think he'll likely become an evangelist.
Many of Tom's friends think he's a genius.
Many of Tom's novels have become classics.
Many of his co-workers are Kabyle.
Many of his creations, which include homes for bats and owls, have a Victorian theme.
Many of his friends backed his plan.
Many of his friends died in the last war.
Many of his interpretations miss the point.
Many of its behaviors can be explained from a deterministic perspective.
Many of my colleagues are Algerian and they're fine people.
Many of my coworkers are working from home.
Many of my coworkers work from home.
Many of my friends are Canadians.
Many of my friends are still single.
Many of my friends can speak French.
Many of my friends don't have children.
Many of my friends grew up around here.
Many of my friends have died.
Many of my friends have dogs.
Many of my friends have dyed their hair different colors.
Many of my friends preferred to study German instead of Spanish.
Many of my friends seem to do nothing but amuse themselves by playing games with games machines.
Many of my friends study French.
Many of my friends think Tom and Mary are overprotective parents.
Many of my friends think that Tom and Mary are overprotective parents.
Many of my friends tried to live on their own but moved back home because of insufficient funds for their lifestyle.
Many of my gastronomical expert friends had talked about a lady named Mary Jackson and her restaurant.
Many of my neighbors have persimmon trees.
Many of my problems wouldn't be so bad if I slept more.
Many of my questions were left unanswered.
Many of my sentences were translated into Russian.
Many of our basic beliefs about human nature have been interpreted from the perspective they people's experiences, not their genes, mold their personalities.
Many of our books are novels.
Many of our children are suffering from malnutrition.
Many of our clothes are made in Bangladesh because it's the cheapest place to manufacture them­.
Many of our customers are from Australia.
Many of our customers are from Canada.
Many of our customers are in Australia.
Many of our desires and acquisitions are meaningless.
Many of our employees can't even pay their rent.
Many of our employees either walk or bike to work.
Many of our friends have already left.
Many of our greatest strides, from gaining our independence to abolition of civil rights, have been led by people of faith.
Many of our people have died.
Many of our pioneers are still alive... but, alas, many of them aren't alive any more.
Many of our pioneers are still alive... but, alas, many of them aren’t alive any more.
Many of our roads have potholes.
Many of the British in Europe were disenfranchised in 2016, barred from voting in the Brexit referendum because of British electoral law, which strips voting rights from anyone who has been living overseas for more than 15 years.
Many of the GIFs that are supposed to be from drag shows are actually from straight strip clubs that parents took their children to. There is no outrage from the right over straight parents doing this.
Many of the Kabyle have emigrated from Algeria, influenced by factors such as the Algerian Civil War and cultural repression by the repressive Algerian government.
Many of the Palestinians of the West Bank are refugees from 1948.
Many of the Vietnamese who live along the Gulf Coast not only embraced Cajun food but created something new—a fusion of two cuisines.
Many of the ancestral rites of this tribe have been lost over time.
Many of the arguments made in favor of slavery and later segregation were religious in nature.
Many of the attendees did not wear masks and some who did let them droop down below their noses.
Many of the best math professors hoard chalk.
Many of the bootleggers who owned speakeasies and bought and sold whiskey were deeply involved in organized crime.
Many of the boys here don't have girlfriends.
Many of the building's windows were shattered.
Many of the buildings were destroyed during the Second World War.
Many of the buildings were destroyed in World War II.
Many of the burnt trees have been cut down.
Many of the changes that happen are undetectable to the eye.
Many of the children had hardly any clothes on.
Many of the children had no clothes on.
Many of the children were almost naked.
Many of the children were barely clothed.
Many of the children were injured.
Many of the city's leading restaurants close down for the whole of August.
Many of the city’s leading restaurants close down for the whole of August.
Many of the cowboys spend more than eight hours a day in the saddle.
Many of the decisions we make every day are based on less-than-perfect knowledge.
Many of the decisions we make every day are based on less-than-perfect knowledge. For example, while GPS-based applications on smartphones can provide a travel-time estimate for our daily drive to work, an unexpected factor like a sudden downpour or fender bender might mean a ride originally estimated to be 20 minutes could actually take longer.
Many of the doctors and nurses sleep at the hospital and avoid going home for fear of inadvertently infecting their families.
Many of the dogs are alive.
Many of the dogs surfed like experts, facing both forward and backward. Some fell off their surfboards and into the ocean. But for most at the annual competition, it was all fun and play.
Many of the doors were bashed in.
Many of the events will be hosted at the same venues used for the 2000 Olympics in Sydney. They include athletics, sitting volleyball, wheelchair basketball and powerlifting.
Many of the excursionists—those with families chiefly—were already making their way towards the railway station; but others there were who seemed bent on keeping up their merriment to the last moment.
Many of the famous comets are short-period comets, which orbit the Sun in less than 200 years.
Many of the fish in my aquarium have died.
Many of the free-trade agreements that Algeria has signed with EU members are one-sided and unfair.
Many of the guests overstayed their welcome.
Many of the guys I hang out with have beards.
Many of the immigrants changed their names.
Many of the inhabitants of this region are farmers.
Many of the inhabitants of this region are fishermen.
Many of the inhabitants of this region are sailors.
Many of the light bulbs in the subway under the busy junction are either not working or have been stolen.
Many of the men became sick.
Many of the men didn't have ties on.
Many of the migrants are war refugees.
Many of the most concerning variants share the same mutations, even when they appear on different continents. That may mean that the virus can mutate in only a limited number of ways.
Many of the most concerning variants share the same mutations.
Many of the newly infected are suspected of contracting the virus at beach gatherings and illegal raves.
Many of the old buildings still exist today.
Many of the others feel the same way.
Many of the pages in the book that Tom lent me were dog-eared.
Many of the parents got very angry.
Many of the passengers from the sinking ship never reached shore.
Many of the passengers from the sinking ship never reached the shore.
Many of the people I went to school with are out of jobs.
Many of the people died.
Many of the people in the crowd were wearing masks.
Many of the people that need these drugs can't afford them.
Many of the plants in my garden died.
Many of the plants that grow in the jungle are poisonous.
Many of the poor who died that night were immediately forgotten.
Many of the predicaments in which humanity is caught today are rooted in myopic selfishness.
Many of the prisoners didn't survive.
Many of the prisoners were decapitated.
Many of the protesters, who emphasized they are not COVID-19 deniers, are members of the burgeoning "I'm Opening" movement of bar and restaurant owners, who defy curbs, break rules and incur hefty fines for doing so.
Many of the pupils couldn't keep awake through the boring lesson.
Many of the railroads I see aren't even used anymore.
Many of the reviews on this website are fake.
Many of the settlers died of cold and hunger.
Many of the settlers died of hunger and cold.
Many of the slaves escaped.
Many of the soldiers kissed their husbands and wives goodbye.
Many of the soldiers kissed their husbands goodbye.
Many of the soldiers kissed their spouses goodbye.
Many of the soldiers kissed their wives goodbye.
Many of the sounds heard in nature documentaries are created by foley artists.
Many of the stars we see now died years ago.
Many of the stars we see today have been dead for a long time.
Many of the states owed large amounts of money.
Many of the students felt that the professor should have spent more time preparing his lectures.
Many of the students got bored and fell asleep.
Many of the students left early.
Many of the students were tired.
Many of the students weren't able to finish the exam.
Many of the text formulations arouse suspicion that the author failed to mention a reliance on some English source.
Many of the things Pizarro had heard about the Inca treasure were true.
Many of the things Pizzaro had heard about the Inca treasure were true.
Many of the things that we consider necessities today were luxuries in the past.
Many of the traditional wooden houses are ablaze.
Many of the tropes of modern antisemitism were invented by czarist authorities in Imperial Russia.
Many of the turtle eggs left on beaches make for easy prey.
Many of the types of experiments conducted on animals would never be considered acceptable for human subjects, a fact which demonstrates the existence of an ethical double standard.
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake.
Many of the victims are believed to have traveled from Vietnam.
Many of the victims either burnt to death or suffocated.
Many of the votes were illegal.
Many of the women were wearing fur coats.
Many of the workers died of hunger.
Many of the workers had missing fingers.
Many of the world's best chefs are male.
Many of the world's greatest discoveries happened by pure chance.
Many of the world's largest sluice gates are in the Netherlands.
Many of the world's largest sluice gates are located in the Netherlands.
Many of the world's seven thousand or so languages are spoken only by handfuls of living people and are in danger of extinction.
Many of the world’s reefs have already been destroyed or severely damaged by water pollution, overfishing and destructive fishing practices, disease, global climate change, and ship groundings. However, we can still protect and preserve our remaining reefs by acting now.
Many of the world’s seven thousand or so languages are spoken only by handfuls of living people and are in danger of extinction.
Many of their wetland habitats are being affected by mining.
Many of them are no longer with us.
Many of them are of Berber descent.
Many of them are squatters who live in the barrio's plywood and corrugated metal shacks, as pigs rummage through the garbage for leftovers.
Many of them carried guns.
Many of them could not cope with this and dropped out of their studies.
Many of them couldn't read or write.
Many of them had traded with the enemy.
Many of them have lost their livelihood.
Many of them have native Berber ancestry.
Many of them have passed away.
Many of them have their own bakery inside the store, to provide fresh baked goods and confectionery items under one roof.
Many of them know the truth.
Many of them learned the Berber language.
Many of them sleep in overcrowded hallways or bunk beds, increasing the risk of infection.
Many of them were Americans.
Many of them were Muslims.
Many of them were bitter.
Many of them were children.
Many of them were filmed in a video running away like cowards. They can't even defend their own homes.
Many of them were kind to us.
Many of them were not original paintings.
Many of them were not tourists.
Many of them were there.
Many of these are Tom's.
Many of these are mine.
Many of these children were born in refugee camps, and running water is still a new and delightful amenity.
Many of these disadvantaged children had never seen a book before.
Many of these foods with roots in African American culture eventually came to be known as "soul food."
Many of these people are homeless.
Many of these preachers traveled on horses to lead religious services in small towns and places where only a few people lived.
Many of these things were not needed.
Many of these words we are unable to recall at will.
Many of those I know do not have a job.
Many of those children are good swimmers.
Many of those in work face a future of short-term contracts with no job security and few, if any benefits or opportunities for promotion.
Many of those who died were poor or elderly with no access to air conditioning. Many also lived alone.
Many of today's young adults are drowning in credit card debt which most of them will never be able to pay off.
Many of us are angry.
Many of us are hostile to the consumption tax.
Many of us are hungry.
Many of us are upset.
Many of us do that.
Many of us don't do that.
Many of us don't know what to do.
Many of us learned Berber.
Many of us learned the Berber language.
Many of us preferred to drink wine.
Many of us were going down to the river.
Many of us were tired.
Many of us wonder about the meaning of our existence.
Many of you are disappointed.
Many of you are druggies.
Many of you are very concerned about gender. In my culture, I'm not so masculine, but I seem so in your culture. Masculinity is relative by culture.
Many of you don't travel much and don't travel too far.
Many of you have already heard this story.
Many of you know Tom.
Many of you like my mother because she is neotenic and has black hair and olive skin tinged with light yellow. She is duplicitous about her Baptist Protestant beliefs, and she does try to understand Buddhism, nevertheless. Born Roman Catholic in the Philippines, she was a genteel woman when she was younger, but in later years in North America, she has become more melancholy and harsh. In later years, she still finds it difficult to control her jealousy and anger.
Many of you might not have heard about Kabylie, a mountainous region located in northern Algeria.
Many of you must be feeling a bit tired right now.
Many of you speak French, right?
Many of you still live in the past.
Many of you think of living in a different country. I think about living on a different moon or planet, or in a spatial superstructure, as in a space station, as I see in sci-fi.
Many of your answers are wrong.
Many of your answers were incorrect.
Many of your answers were wrong.
Many of your concepts are peculiar.
Many offices of the municipal government are in the town hall.
Many officials starved to death.
Many old buildings are allowed to fall into disrepair in Algeria.
Many old buildings were damaged by the quake.
Many old buildings were destroyed by the hurricane.
Many old buildings were torn down in Algiers.
Many old customs are gradually dying out.
Many old houses were torn down in Algiers.
Many old people are set in their ways.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi.
Many old people these days can't keep up with the times.
Many old people these days cannot keep up with the times.
Many old people these days can’t keep up with the times.
Many older people are set in their ways.
Many older people drink too little.
Many on the far right are very explicit about hating George Soros for being Jewish.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
Many open-air concerts take place in the park during summer.
Many opine that I am like a Red Indian. It started long ago when I lived in the Martianesque red-soil fields of Don José Heights in Quezon City in the Philippines. My cousins, my brother, and I had adventures in that wilderness. Tall yellow-green grasses that we called "talahib" grew in the red soil. Purple vines with heart-shaped leaves grew around the treed areas.
Many opponents were sent to Siberia.
Many organisations have responded to the recent news regarding the government plans towards education.
Many original Viking vessels were found in the fjord and are on display in the museum building.
Many other communities of Jewish refugees existed throughout the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Many other imported, exotic animals escape or are released into local ecosystems. They disrupt native ecologies, out-compete native species and potentially spread new diseases.
Many other similar disconcerting omissions will be noticed in the manuscript.
Many other stars are outside our solar system, but part of our Milky Way galaxy.
Many others, unemployed, are standing in line. Several people spoke of trying for months to get jobs, including Danny Russell, a self-described jack-of-all-trades who said he'd never had as much trouble finding work as he has in the past year.
Many oval-leaved plants are poisonous.
Many overweight people struggle with body image and self-esteem.
Many own-brand products found in discount shops are produced by brand-name manufacturers.
Many painful memories inhabited her mind.
Many paintings hang in art museums.
Many paintings hang in the shop.
Many paradoxes are paradoxical only because they sound strange.
Many parents are worried their children are not being given a basic understanding of numbers.
Many parents believe that there is too much violence on TV.
Many parents died.
Many parents feel the same way we do.
Many parents lamented the new school syllabus, which had completely removed the teaching of foreign languages.
Many parents question the value of a public K-12 education.
Many parents support their kids financially as well when the kids become adults.
Many parents take pride in their children.
Many parents think elementary school children should be in bed by 8:30.
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.
Many parents think it's important for their children to learn how to speak French.
Many parents think it's important for their children to learn how to swim.
Many parents think it’s important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.
Many parents think that there's too much violence on TV.
Many parents think there's too much violence on TV.
Many parents think there's too much violence on television.
Many participants on the course don't have the courage to say even a few words in the language they are learning. What is the reason for that?
Many partisans died in that battle.
Many parts of Africa were colonized by European countries.
Many parts of the road are unusable because of the earthquakes.
Many passengers from the ship that sank never reached the shore.
Many passengers suffered third degree burns.
Many passengers were sleeping on the last train.
Many paths don't involve obtaining a degree.
Many peasants died during the drought.
Many people I didn't know were at the party.
Many people Sami has encountered in India don't believe he's Egyptian; they think he must be Indian.
Many people act like that.
Many people admire Nikko.
Many people admire the sunrise more than the sunset.
Many people advised me to take a vacation.
Many people agreed with Mason.
Many people all around the world want peace.
Many people also considered him a madman.
Many people applied for the position.
Many people are a little over obsessed with categorizing other people.
Many people are afraid of the dark.
Many people are afraid of traveling by plane.
Many people are afraid to travel by plane.
Many people are against the bill.
Many people are alive because it's illegal to shoot them.
Many people are allergic to peanuts.
Many people are asking whether there'll be a post-crisis life; whether we'll be able to overcome it or we'll have to live like this forever.
Many people are better off than they used to be.
Many people are boycotting Israeli products manufactured in the West Bank.
Many people are coming into the Muslim religion.
Many people are converting to Islam.
Many people are convinced that he is "advice-resistant".
Many people are dependent on their emotions.
Many people are eager to join.
Many people are experiencing compassion fatigue because of the constant tragedies being reported in the news.
Many people are illiterate.
Many people are in bondage because of doing wrong, but many more because of doing right in the wrong way.
Many people are itching to ban Ziri from this website, but what can they do?
Many people are learning languages with Duolingo.
Many people are living illegally in the country.
Many people are lonely simply because they build dams instead of bridges.
Many people are marginalized in Morocco.
Many people are more afraid of dying than they are of death.
Many people are moving their fitness routines online.
Many people are moving to Algiers.
Many people are not able to use their first language correctly.
Many people are not comfortable with suppository medicine.
Many people are not happy.
Many people are older, but not wiser.
Many people are on holiday.
Many people are on vacation.
Many people are quarantined.
Many people are questioning that.
Many people are queuing.
Many people are saying this.
Many people are scared.
Many people are sceptical.
Many people are skeptical.
Many people are skittish about sexual matters.
Many people are still buried under the rubble.
Many people are still missing.
Many people are struggling to eke out a living.
Many people are struggling to keep a roof over their heads.
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.
Many people are suffering from the lack of food.
Many people are traveling right now.
Many people are travelling right now.
Many people are unable to comprehend the actions of hackers.
Many people are unable to read.
Many people are uncomfortable with that idea.
Many people are upset.
Many people are worried about Europe.
Many people aren't glad about the current situation of the world.
Many people around here don't understand French.
Many people around the world believe in the healing effects of homeopathy, an alternative form of medicine that emerged from Germany about 200 years ago.
Many people around the world celebrate the Chinese New Year.
Many people around the world don't have access to good quality water.
Many people around the world eat three meals a day.
Many people around the world experience food insecurity.
Many people around the world go to bed hungry every night.
Many people around the world love spicy food.
Many people around the world suffer from dust-related allergies. People with allergies have trouble breathing or suffer from tightness in the chest and shortness of breath.
Many people around the world thought Saturday, July 7th, 2007, might be the luckiest day of the century. That's because in the Gregorian Calendar, it was the seventh day of the seventh month of the seventh year. This might explain why about three times as many weddings were reported that day in the U.S. as for a typical Saturday in July. On the other hand, the 13th day of July falls on a Friday — a coincidence many believe brings bad luck. Why are these numbers so meaningful to some people?
Many people around the world want peace.
Many people attend Christmas Eve services at churches.
Many people attend church on Christmas Day.
Many people attend church on Christmas Eve.
Many people attended Tom's funeral.
Many people attended her funeral.
Many people attended his concert.
Many people attended his funeral.
Many people attended that conference.
Many people attended that meeting.
Many people attended the meeting.
Many people attended the rally.
Many people became Mormons.
Many people became homeless because of the earthquake.
Many people began going abroad during their vacations on a regular basis.
Many people believe acupuncture can cure diseases.
Many people believe everything they hear.
Many people believe everything they read.
Many people believe global warming is irreversible.
Many people believe that Tom and Mary are secretly in love with each other.
Many people believe that acupuncture can cure diseases.
Many people believe that global warming is irreversible.
Many people believe that in a democracy, decisions are made by whoever shouts the loudest.
Many people believe that isn't going to happen.
Many people believe that money brings happiness.
Many people believe that our country's politicians are corrupt.
Many people believe that social media platforms need to do more to prevent the spread of fascist ideas and conspiracy theories.
Many people believe that the coronavirus pandemic is no worse than the flu, but a large number of scientists point to how much more deadly it is, especially for old or sick people.
Many people believe that's not going to happen.
Many people believe that, but it's not true.
Many people believe that.
Many people believe what they hear.
Many people believe what they read.
Many people buy houses larger than they need.
Many people buy lottery tickets with the dream of immediately becoming wealthy.
Many people buy more food than they need.
Many people buy things they don't really need on credit, without giving any thought to the fact that they'll have to pay it off one day.
Many people call him an idiot.
Many people call the Israeli security fence the "apartheid wall."
Many people called Gabriel a coward.
Many people came to help us.
Many people came to know him in Europe, where he was a popular professor.
Many people came to the concert.
Many people came to the meeting yesterday.
Many people came.
Many people can not afford to eat.
Many people can't imagine a meal without ketchup.
Many people can't read.
Many people can't understand others, and they don't want to either.
Many people can't, and do not want to, make the effort to understand others.
Many people cannot understand the way hackers behave.
Many people change themselves, but nobody has a way of changing the world.
Many people collect stamps, others collect coins, we collect sentences.
Many people come here after they retire.
Many people come to Algiers in search for a better life.
Many people complained about Janos doing that.
Many people consider a high salary to be a condition for success.
Many people consider pets to be part of their family.
Many people consider travelling alone to be beneficial.
Many people considered him a niggard.
Many people convert to Islam every year.
Many people criticize the president.
Many people declined the invitation to the reception.
Many people decorate their homes for Christmas.
Many people define success as the possession of large amounts of money.
Many people denounced President Wilson.
Many people denounced Tom.
Many people depend on other people.
Many people depend on others.
Many people did not want to believe that this story was made up.
Many people did not want to believe that this was a fabricated story.
Many people did that.
Many people didn't agree with us.
Many people didn't like Tom.
Many people didn't like what we were doing.
Many people didn't survive the prison labor camps.
Many people die due to suicide in the country.
Many people die in traffic accidents.
Many people died as a result of this war.
Many people died at an early age.
Many people died because there weren't enough lifeboats on the ship.
Many people died during the war.
Many people died in that accident.
Many people died in that war.
Many people died in the accident.
Many people died in the building of this dam.
Many people died in the flood.
Many people died in the war.
Many people died in this accident.
Many people died of hunger and disease.
Many people died when a large South Korean ferry sank.
Many people died.
Many people disagree with me.
Many people disagree with you.
Many people disagree.
Many people disagreed with the judge's decision.
Many people disagreed with the judge’s decision.
Many people disliked that change.
Many people do not give the cause much chance of gaining traction, while others are openly dismissive of the idea.
Many people do not immediately understand the difference between states and governments.
Many people do not like to drink as a result.
Many people do not realize, and often underestimate, the importance of good health.
Many people do not trust the government.
Many people do not understand what is best for them.
Many people do that.
Many people do this.
Many people don't believe that.
Many people don't brush their teeth after lunch.
Many people don't care.
Many people don't die from their diseases but from the medications.
Many people don't exercise their right to vote.
Many people don't know all their great-grandparents' names.
Many people don't know antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Many people don't know how to do that.
Many people don't know how to swim.
Many people don't know peanuts aren't nuts.
Many people don't know that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Many people don't know that peanuts aren't nuts.
Many people don't know that.
Many people don't know the names of all their great-grandparents.
Many people don't know their rights.
Many people don't like America.
Many people don't like Tom.
Many people don't like going to the dentist.
Many people don't like hospitals.
Many people don't realize that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Many people don't realize that antibiotics are ineffective against viruses.
Many people don't understand cats.
Many people don't want to get involved.
Many people don't work on Saturday and Sunday.
Many people don't work on Saturdays and Sundays.
Many people donate to charities during Christmas time.
Many people don’t know this.
Many people dream about fantasy vacations.
Many people dream.
Many people drift through life without a purpose.
Many people drink their coffee black with sugar.
Many people drink water from the kitchen tap.
Many people drink water out of the kitchen faucet.
Many people drive over the speed limit on this road.
Many people easily understand the injustice of the current language situation in the world where English dominates. But they also see the collective advantages, as for example a relatively good and direct communication between intellectuals and leaders of different languages through the English language, and the personal advantages as their own knowledge of the English language. About a neutral language such as Esperanto, one does not know much and does not seek information.
Many people eat black-eyed beans for the New Year.
Many people eat fried chicken with their fingers.
Many people eat sugar cookies on Christmas.
Many people eat these raw.
Many people eat three meals a day.
Many people eat turkey on Christmas Day.
Many people emigrated to America.
Many people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
Many people envy Tom's success.
Many people everywhere in the world want peace.
Many people fail to be happy with simple things, while they wait in vain for great happiness.
Many people fear those who are not like them.
Many people fear what they can't understand.
Many people feel that gold is the most secure investment.
Many people find it difficult to remember a sequence of more than seven numbers.
Many people find me childish.
Many people find that their superannuation is not sufficient for them to live comfortably after retirement.
Many people followed Tom's advice.
Many people found Google+ confusing and difficult to navigate.
Many people from the West think that their so-called Western values make them better people.
Many people gathered under this banner of freedom.
Many people gave up hope.
Many people get a job in customer services before they are qualified for other positions.
Many people get depressed on New Year's Eve.
Many people go abroad during summer vacation.
Many people go for a walk on the promenade.
Many people go to South Dakota to see Mount Rushmore.
Many people go to church on Christmas Eve.
Many people go to church on Christmas.
Many people go to church on Easter Day.
Many people go to the beach during the summer.
Many people go to the library to study.
Many people got on the bus at the last bus stop.
Many people had no homes at all.
Many people had no place to stay.
Many people hang flags on the National Holiday.
Many people have a dream.
Many people have anxiety about the coronavirus.
Many people have anxiety and fear about the coronavirus.
Many people have asked me if I think Boston is a safe city.
Many people have asked me why I like doing this.
Many people have asked us that question.
Many people have been complaining about that.
Many people have been complaining about the noise.
Many people have been complaining.
Many people have been injured.
Many people have been told to stay home and work from there.
Many people have been vaccinated against the flu this year as well.
Many people have busy lives with long work schedules.
Many people have chosen to stay.
Many people have clutter at home — things they don’t use or need, but somehow, don’t throw away.
Many people have complained about Tom's behavior.
Many people have complained about that.
Many people have died on this trail.
Many people have fled the drought in the Sahel region.
Many people have gallstones without knowing it.
Many people have gathered.
Many people have gone to the city more times than I have.
Many people have heard about you.
Many people have lost their homes.
Many people have lost their houses in the earthquake.
Many people have lost their livelihoods in the Sahel region.
Many people have lost their savings.
Many people have made the same mistake.
Many people have never seen the Milky Way.
Many people have no place to stay.
Many people have regrets after the death of a friend or relative.
Many people have said that I have beautiful eyes.
Many people have said that.
Many people have told me that they think I'm handsome.
Many people have told me that they think that I'm handsome.
Many people have told me they think I'm handsome.
Many people have told me they think that I'm handsome.
Many people have visited Japan.
Many people have won more than one Pulitzer Prize.
Many people head for the mountains at the weekend for some rest and relaxation.
Many people here consider Tom their best friend.
Many people here don't agree with that.
Many people here don't understand French.
Many people here take the train to work.
Many people hire accountants to help them with their tax returns.
Many people hold back, once destabilized.
Many people hope to get rich through the study of artificial intelligence. Instead, I get rich through natural stupidity.
Many people hunt.
Many people identified with her.
Many people in Africa speak French.
Many people in Africa were killed as a result of the storm.
Many people in Algeria are noticing a big change in the country.
Many people in England would like to see the public subsidy of the monarchy abolished.
Many people in Fiji don't have access to clean drinking water.
Many people in Hollywood are excited about a romantic comedy called “Crazy Rich Asians.”
Many people in Raqqa enthusiastically welcomed the Daesh terrorists.
Many people in his immediate family accepted Islam.
Many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms.
Many people in my grandfather’s generation grew up on farms.
Many people in the audience didn't understand the joke.
Many people in the audience didn't understand your joke.
Many people in the audience fell asleep.
Many people in the president’s inner circle — both those inside his White House and, perhaps even more so, the outside advisors — lie really frequently. The liars who surround the president are unique: they lie reflexively, they lie regularly, they lie for petty reasons, and often they lie in ways that are extraordinarily reckless.
Many people in the world are hungry.
Many people in the world complain that they don't have time to read.
Many people in the world complain that they don’t have time to read.
Many people in the world still live in poverty.
Many people in these parts have fallen on hard times.
Many people insist that television does more harm than good.
Many people invest their retirement savings in a Roth IRA.
Many people know how to do that.
Many people know the truth.
Many people know you.
Many people lack humility.
Many people lead a sedentary life, which can lead to weight gain.
Many people learn languages with videogames. It's similar to going to another country, but easier and less expensive.
Many people left before noon.
Many people left before the concert was over.
Many people left.
Many people like Asian food.
Many people like Taylor Swift.
Many people like Tom.
Many people like chili cheeseburgers.
Many people like chocolate.
Many people like hydrangeas because of their magnificent flowers.
Many people like our book.
Many people like stargazing.
Many people like swimming, but I don't.
Many people like this song.
Many people like to do that.
Many people like to ski, and many people like to snowboard.
Many people like to spend New Year's Day with people they love.
Many people like to travel.
Many people like traveling by train.
Many people lined up to receive water in temperatures reaching 34 degrees Celsius.
Many people live on the edge of despair in the Sahel region.
Many people live together but don't get married.
Many people lived there.
Many people living in the United States speak Spanish.
Many people looked at Tom.
Many people lost their homes after the earthquake.
Many people lost their jobs because of the depression.
Many people lost their jobs.
Many people lost their lives in World War II.
Many people love horses.
Many people make New Year's resolutions.
Many people make similar mistakes.
Many people make that mistake.
Many people mindlessly agree with whatever a shock jock says.
Many people miss out on small happiness while waiting in vain for big happiness!
Many people mistakenly say "Linux" when they're really referring to the GNU system with Linux as its kernel.
Many people move to Algiers.
Many people my age are already retired.
Many people my age have grandchildren.
Many people need help.
Many people never do that.
Many people never get it right and end up landing jobs in government. How they do it will forever remain a mystery.
Many people of Slavic origin have names ending with -sky.
Many people of the Sahel region are climate refugees.
Many people of the district are farmers.
Many people on Tinder are just looking for a short-term relationship.
Many people only speak one language.
Many people openly admire President Tebboune.
Many people play the lottery dreaming of becoming rich overnight.
Many people practicing a gluten-free diet have trouble consuming enough farinaceous foods.
Many people pray before eating.
Many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil.
Many people pretend not to know that Yidir is back home.
Many people profess a belief in God yet maintain significantly divergent theologies and practices. Ecumenical movements attempt to bridge those differences through dialogue and mutual understanding, but some denominations will not participate in such efforts.
Many people pushed their way toward the rear exit.
Many people put too much personal information on social media.
Many people questioned the cost.
Many people raise poultry in their backyards.
Many people refuse to eat meat during Easter.
Many people regretted picking up a fight with me, including my own loved ones.
Many people reject a good idea just because it isn't their own.
Many people rejected the invitation to the welcome party.
Many people rely on us.
Many people respect Tom.
Many people respect you. Don't let them down.
Many people respect you. Don’t let them down.
Many people sabotage themselves.
Many people sacrificed their lives.
Many people said no.
Many people said that they didn't know that.
Many people said that.
Many people said they didn't know that.
Many people say that it is a lie.
Many people say that learning a foreign language requires mastery of vocabulary and grammar.
Many people say that supplements are a scam.
Many people say that the Holy Grail is just a legend.
Many people say that the gut is always right.
Many people say they're too busy to vote.
Many people say tribalism is human nature.
Many people see that differently.
Many people seem eager to get in on the act.
Many people seem to be interested in knowing the answer to that question.
Many people seemed eager to join.
Many people share articles without having read them.
Many people shop here.
Many people showed up for the party.
Many people signed up for the contest.
Many people speak French in Africa.
Many people speak French.
Many people spend more than they earn.
Many people spend much of their waking hours staring at screens and that has spawned a growing health sector, called "digital wellness".
Many people spend much of their waking hours staring at screens.
Many people spend winter in Nice.
Many people start their day with a cup of coffee.
Many people stated he was a capable businessman who knew how to make a profit.
Many people still aren't taking social distancing seriously.
Many people still don't understand it.
Many people struggle to pronounce my username.
Many people study Japanese so they can read manga.
Many people study biology in school.
Many people suffer from heart disease in Japan, but in Libya those having heart attacks have also increased a lot recently.
Many people suffer from low self-esteem.
Many people suffer from reverse culture shock when returning to their home country after spending a long time abroad.
Many people suggest different techniques for learning a language.
Many people support my work.
Many people take advantage of the weekend to carry out housework.
Many people take an interest in cars, but they don't interest me at all.
Many people tell us that.
Many people these days are asset-rich but time-poor.
Many people think I'm childish.
Many people think I'm crazy.
Many people think I’m crazy.
Many people think Mary is a snob, but I don't think she is.
Many people think Mr. Jackson is a great teacher.
Many people think Tom and Mary are snobs, but I don't think they are.
Many people think Tom is a snob, but I don't think he is.
Many people think children don't spend enough time playing outside.
Many people think in the US that schools are safer because there are more SROs.
Many people think it's the pure truth.
Many people think that I am bent over backwards to make her life a burden.
Many people think that Mary is like a leader.
Many people think that Tom and Mary are undependable.
Many people think that Tom is undependable.
Many people think that antique cars are overpriced.
Many people think that being an actor is simply memorizing lines.
Many people think that children don't spend enough time playing outside.
Many people think that children don’t spend enough time playing outside.
Many people think that children spend all their time watching television.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching TV.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching television.
Many people think that dragonflies can sting you in the eye, but they can't.
Many people think that fast food is bad for your health.
Many people think that if someone learns Esperanto, then they can learn other languages with little effort.
Many people think that isn't likely to happen.
Many people think that learning Berber is useless.
Many people think that sharks are the most dangerous fish in the ocean.
Many people think that sponge cake is difficult to bake, but if you use enough eggs, nothing can really go wrong.
Many people think that studying several languages is impossible.
Many people think that success means having a lot of money.
Many people think that that isn't likely to happen.
Many people think that there are 33 million gods, but that is false.
Many people think that this house is haunted.
Many people think that vegetarians can eat fish, but they can't.
Many people think they know things when they don't know anything.
Many people think whales are fish.
Many people thought Boldi was a vampire.
Many people thought Lincoln could be that man.
Many people thought he was too young to be president.
Many people thought that the report was poorly written.
Many people thought that the war would be over by Christmas.
Many people told me not to eat there.
Many people travel to Australia every year.
Many people travel to Italy each year.
Many people travel to be with family for Christmas.
Many people traveled together, [but] many people stopped and camped, and my late grandmother, taking one of her sons with her, returned and got the cattle.
Many people underestimate the importance of food for health and well-being.
Many people underestimate the importance of water to the body.
Many people uphold the stance that 95% of DNA is junk.
Many people use ATMs to withdraw money.
Many people use Anglicisms because they don't know how to rewrite them, since there are no alternatives in their own languages. Thus, we see it as our task to think of good alternatives, lovingly and imaginatively.
Many people use Toki Pona in Tatoeba.
Many people use bicycles for transportation on the dirt roads.
Many people use cash machines to withdraw money.
Many people use emojis because faces have a stronger expressive power than words.
Many people use emojis because “faces have much stronger expressive power than words,” said Dirk Parham, professor of anthropology at Howard Community College in Maryland.
Many people use this platform with the aim of developing fluency, which isn't necessarily equivalent to observing strict grammar rules.
Many people used to be mapmakers in the wonderful art of cartography. They made maps on wood and hide and paper and stone. They painted or drew. They used charcoal or carved with knives; embellishing and decorating sea monsters and far-off places where people roamed.
Many people visit Boston every year.
Many people visit Italy every year.
Many people visit the beautiful towns of Italy.
Many people visit the library every day.
Many people visited the shrine where the saint lay buried.
Many people walk past our building every day.
Many people want him gone.
Many people want to move to Algiers.
Many people wanted to impeach President Nixon.
Many people wanted to kill Hitler.
Many people watch videos with closed captions for reasons other than hearing loss.
Many people wear green on St. Patrick's Day.
Many people wear masks to hide their struggles.
Many people wear poppies on Remembrance Day.
Many people wear red or green at Christmas.
Many people went to Tom's funeral.
Many people went to the airport to welcome the team back home.
Many people were affected by the flood.
Many people were arrested.
Many people were deceived by the advertisement.
Many people were embroiled in the scandal.
Many people were hurt in the attack.
Many people were in the city.
Many people were injured.
Many people were killed as a result of the storm.
Many people were killed during World War Two.
Many people were killed in World War II.
Many people were killed in that accident.
Many people were killed in the accident.
Many people were killed in the plane accident.
Many people were killed in the war.
Many people were late for the concert.
Many people were left homeless as a result of the earthquake.
Many people were out of work.
Many people were outraged by a picture of a women pumping air into her tires while a man stood beside her playing on his phone.
Many people were plunged into distress by the news.
Many people were present at the meeting yesterday.
Many people were present at yesterday's meeting.
Many people were queuing.
Many people were saddened by the news.
Many people were there.
Many people were upset when they saw Tom burning the flag.
Many people were very angry about that.
Many people were waiting for the bus.
Many people were waiting in line.
Many people were wearing costumes.
Many people were wounded by the explosion.
Many people who are blind do use a form of echolocation, and what Daniel Kish does, he takes that ability and hones it.
Many people who are not good in mathematics associate any two-digit number with a person's age.
Many people who have diabetes don't know that they have it.
Many people who have diabetes don't know they have it.
Many people who hear Mary speaking French think she's a native speaker.
Many people who hear Tom and Mary speaking French think they're native speakers.
Many people who hear Tom speaking French think he's a native speaker.
Many people who say they aren't afraid of dying are lying.
Many people who typed “google.com.vn” into their browsers Monday found themselves looking not at the Google homepage, but at the photo of a stranger with the caption, “Hacked by Lizard Squad.”
Many people will add Kabyle in their profile; that's what they work for!
Many people will go and study at the library.
Many people will go to the library to study.
Many people will have questions.
Many people will lose their jobs due to the slump in the auto industry.
Many people with fibromyalgia have trouble persuading doctors that their pain is real. Some of the most common symptoms of fibromyalgia are the same as those of other diseases. As a result, doctors often have trouble recognizing and confirming the presence of the disease.
Many people with pet rats refer to them as "ratties" instead of "rats".
Many people wonder what life in space would be like.
Many people work in industrial towns.
Many people work in this field now.
Many people work using WhatsApp.
Many people worry about paying their bills.
Many people worship you. Do not disappoint them.
Many people would agree with you.
Many people would envy you.
Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.
Many people wouldn't do it that way.
Many people wouldn't do that.
Many people write about their daily life.
Many people's lives have been destroyed by drug addiction.
Many people, especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never apologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time. If you’re right and you know it, speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.
Many people, especially older ones, were very disapproving of Elvis Presley's suggestive hip movements during his stage performances.
Many people, even ones who generally like sex, find fetishes repulsive.
Many people, if not most, look on literary taste as an elegant accomplishment.
Many peoples are using Russian swears in their speech.
Many peoples live in Asia.
Many peoples of antiquity have been gone for thousands of years, and nobody sheds a tear for them.
Many peoples worship the forces of nature, of which the brightest is the sun.
Many perished in the sea.
Many persons jumped out of the house rather than burn.
Many persons were attending the conference.
Many philosophers come from Greece.
Many phrases that I think sound fine are considered unnatural by native speakers.
Many physiotherapists have a practice brochure.
Many pictures are placed on Xiaoding's desk.
Many plants and crops grow here thanks to the mild climate.
Many plants are wilted for lack of water.
Many plants bloom in spring.
Many plants bloom in the spring.
Many plants in the Americas are only pollinated by hummingbirds.
Many plants withered due to lack of water.
Many play, but only one will win.
Many poets compare death to sleep.
Many poets equate death with sleep.
Many poets express their feelings to the beauties of nature.
Many poets write about the beauties of nature.
Many policemen aren't better than football hooligans.
Many politicians are believed to accept hush money.
Many politicians are bought puppets.
Many politicians are undergoing a conversion of conscience on the subject of marriage equality, which not coincidentally reflects a shift in public opinion overall.
Many politicians don't keep their promises.
Many politicians don’t keep their promises.
Many politicians employ spin doctors whose job it is to dress up unpalatable government decisions so they will be more readily accepted by the public.
Many politicians fail to keep their promises.
Many politicians fail to keep their word.
Many politicians have been accused of corruption, electoral fraud and theft of government money.
Many politicians have been forced into policy reversals.
Many politicians in the U.S. have criticized Trump's decision.
Many politicians prioritize their agendas over the truth.
Many politicians were accused of corruption, voter fraud and theft of public money.
Many poor students are given bursaries.
Many ports are in the east.
Many postmenopausal women don't realize that they are still at risk of HIV.
Many predictions fail.
Many predictions were made, but none of those predictions came true.
Many pretty flowers bloom in the spring.
Many prisons are overcrowded.
Many problems are affecting me right now.
Many problems awaited him.
Many problems can be solved with money.
Many problems can occur when employees inside the company are compartmentalized and don't communicate with each other.
Many problems in the world are rooted in a lack of understanding.
Many problems occurred in Algeria.
Many problems resolve themselves.
Many problems solve themselves when one doesn't worry about them.
Many products in Turkey are imported from Poland.
Many products sold in Brazil cost double what they cost in their country of origin.
Many programs leave Japanese text garbled and unreadable.
Many projects are on hold in Algeria.
Many projects will eventually run out of energy, while some will not even get started.
Many prominent bourgeois philosophers in England are members of spiritualist and theosophical societies.
Many promises had been made.
Many promises were made.
Many public school cafeterias are dirty.
Many pundits marvelled at how presidential the president had become.
Many pupils are poor at algebra.
Many pupils bought the book.
Many pupils didn't pass the exam.
Many pupils didn't pass the test.
Many pupils have trouble with maths and science.
Many pupils haven't passed the exam.
Many pupils haven't passed the test.
Many purchases are carefully thought out.
Many questions about Venus remain unanswered.
Many questions are left unanswered about Kahn. Yet, the film helps tell a very interesting story about a very important man. Louis Kahn died in nineteen seventy-four. Yet his influence lives on. While teaching at the University of Pennsylvania, he trained many future builders. Some students have become important architects. And Kahn’s architecture has remained fresh and timeless.
Many questions came up about the quality of the new product.
Many questions can be answered with a yes or a no.
Many questions can be answered yes or no.
Many questions remain unanswered.
Many rabbis are against Zionism.
Many rabbis are harsh critics of Zionism.
Many rabbis criticize Zionism harshly.
Many rabbis disagree with Zionism.
Many rabbis reject Zionism.
Many rabbis think that Judaism is incompatible with Zionism.
Many races live together in the United States.
Many radical Islamist groups are funded by organizations based in Saudi Arabia.
Many rail routes were replaced by roads.
Many railroads have been replaced by highways.
Many railway lines were replaced by roads.
Many rap songs are degrading to women.
Many reader reviews on Amazon are fake.
Many readers will get lost if your writing is too prolix.
Many refugees are trying to reach Europe.
Many refugees died in the hospital.
Many refugees have risked their lives to reach Europe.
Many relatives came to the confirmation.
Many remote areas in Algeria are isolated from land transport.
Many residents were angry.
Many restaurants and pubs are on Itsutsugi Street.
Many restaurants are closed today.
Many restaurants do not open on Christmas Eve.
Many restaurants now have free Wi-Fi.
Many retired people move to the Sunbelt to enjoy sports such as golf or tennis in a milder climate.
Many returning servicemen had trouble finding jobs.
Many revolutionaries have been beheaded by the axe of a guillotine.
Many revolutionaries were arrested and sent to Siberia.
Many revolutions have aimed to abolish the aristocracy.
Many rich people have a safe room in their houses.
Many rich people live in this neighborhood.
Many rivers flow into the sea.
Many rivers have been so polluted that they can no longer be used for drinking water.
Many rivers in Japan are polluted by waste water from factories.
Many roads and fields were flooded.
Many roads are flooded. As a result there are long delays.
Many roads are impassable, so UN aid workers are unable to reach people easily.
Many roads in Algeria are in a terrible condition.
Many roads remain closed.
Many rocky objects orbit the sun.
Many rulers, such as the Fatimids, the Ayyubids, the Mamelukes and the Ottomans, controlled Egypt over the centuries. Starting in the late nineteenth century, Britain controlled the country for about seventy years. Each of these cultures left its mark on the culture and building design of Cairo.
Many rules and regulations are obsolete in Algeria.
Many runners passed out in the heat.
Many rural areas in some south European states have poor internet connections, making remote working impossible or challenging.
Many safeguards have been put in place to prevent abuse.
Many sailors can't swim.
Many salesmen are smooth talkers, so I think you shouldn't trust them much.
Many satellites orbit the earth.
Many savvy Web users are circumventing the bans by using proxy servers, but the courts hit back this week by banning them.
Many say they are sorry, but no one does anything to help.
Many scholars are considered strange.
Many scholars are seen as weirdos.
Many school bus drivers get to know the students on their buses.
Many school students continue to buy that book.
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.
Many schools defend their investments. They say they have a responsibility to grow the money they receive from donations. They also say it is easier to influence change as an investor, so they can help change company policies or find answers to climate problems through research.
Many scientists affirm that life on Earth didn't arise by chance.
Many scientists are working in this field.
Many scientists around the world think gas emissions from fossil fuels such as oil and coal contribute to global warming. They say one way to reduce the problem is through naturally offsetting carbon dioxide emissions by planting trees and protecting grasslands.
Many scientists believe Earth’s first animal groups included simple, soft sponges or sponge-like creatures that lack muscles and nerves but have other features of simple animals, including cells with differentiated functions.
Many scientists believe that Einstein's model of gravity and space-time will sooner or later be proved invalid under extreme conditions. And physicists are hoping that they will someday find an alternative description of gravity that can mesh both relativity and quantum physics and finally explain what now seem to be incompatibilities.
Many scientists have the reputation of being eccentric.
Many scientists knew him.
Many scientists live in this small village.
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
Many scientists work with numbers.
Many sectors in Algeria are closed to foreign investment.
Many sects have initiation rituals for new members.
Many see obstacles where there are none.
Many seek favour from a powerful person.
Many senators opposed it.
Many sentences in Toki Pona, which I added to Tatoeba, still contain errors, which my teacher corrects, kindly and patiently.
Many sentences were translated from English into other languages, but very few sentences were translated from other languages into English. Why?
Many servicemen used to come to this bar.
Many sexual attacks aren't reported.
Many shady dealings plagued Bouteflika's governments.
Many shark species are threatened with extinction.
Many shoes nowadays are made of plastics.
Many shooting stars can be seen in summer.
Many shoppers used their local currency cards to buy fresh cuts of beef or bags of kimchi, Korea’s ubiquitous side dish.
Many shopping districts that rely on foreigners are mostly empty.
Many shunned the hunchback.
Many sightseers visit Kyoto every year.
Many situations are causing me stress currently.
Many skiers wear tinted goggles.
Many slaves were freed, but many were not.
Many slaves were freed.
Many small business owners belong to a chamber of commerce.
Many small businesses went bankrupt.
Many small businesses with limited cash reserves are teetering on the edge of financial ruin.
Many small children are more mature than Donald Trump.
Many small companies went bankrupt.
Many small island nations are fighting the effects of a warming planet but say they cannot succeed alone.
Many small streams make a great river.
Many social and political problems in France contributed to the causes of the French Revolution.
Many societies are becoming more accepting of diverse relationships.
Many software companies offer free versions of their products, albeit with limited functionality.
Many soldiers died a hero's death.
Many soldiers died a hero’s death.
Many soldiers died from hypothermia during Napoleon's retreat from Russia in the winter of 1812.
Many soldiers died that day.
Many soldiers had a hard time coping with civilian life after the war.
Many soldiers have been killed.
Many soldiers lost their lives.
Many soldiers of the regular troops train with the special forces.
Many soldiers return from their deployment in crisis zones with headaches, difficulties sleeping, and memory issues.
Many soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have post-traumatic stress disorder.
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds in the battle.
Many soldiers were killed here.
Many soldiers were killed in World War II.
Many soldiers were killed in the battle.
Many soldiers were killed.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
Many songs are about unrequited love.
Many species are endangered.
Many species of amphibians, such as frogs and salamanders, rely on wetlands for breeding.
Many species of animals - the woolly mammoth, mastodon, scimitar cat, Arctic camel, brown bear, moose, muskox, and horse — to name a few — moved from one continent to the other across the Bering land bridge.
Many species of fish use an organ called the swim bladder, which is filled with gas, to adjust their buoyancy.
Many species of insects are on the verge of extinction.
Many species show same-sex bonding behaviors.
Many squandered their money on charms and amulets, thinking that would ward off the pestilence.
Many squirrels live in this forest.
Many stars are forming within the galaxy.
Many stars are twinkling in the sky.
Many stars are visible in the night sky in summer.
Many stars shine in the heavens.
Many stars shine in the sky.
Many stars were shining in the heavens.
Many states have made it easier to vote by mail to address voters’ concerns about public gatherings at election precincts during the coronavirus pandemic.
Many states have similar laws.
Many statues were torn down.
Many stores are closing because there is no trade anymore.
Many stores have very large shopping carts, to suggest to shoppers that they should buy more merchandise.
Many stores offer discounts in the month of August.
Many stores will be closed tomorrow.
Many straight people with monkeypox symptoms aren't being tested because they don't fit the profile, skewing the data in the process.
Many stranded travelers voiced anger at the sudden U.S. decision.
Many strange animals live in Australia.
Many strange things have been happening here.
Many students admire her at school.
Many students are looking for part-time jobs.
Many students bought the book.
Many students compete to get into the best universities.
Many students complain about the amount of homework that their teachers give them.
Many students complain about their teachers.
Many students don't have much money.
Many students experience exam nerves.
Many students experience examination nerves.
Many students experience nerves before an exam.
Many students find French to be a difficult subject.
Many students from developed countries also attended the university.
Many students go to Europe for the purpose of studying music.
Many students hardly sleep before exams.
Many students have a car of their own nowadays.
Many students have failed the test.
Many students have part-time jobs.
Many students like sports.
Many students like to study in the morning.
Many students live in the suburbs of the city.
Many students made the same mistake.
Many students personalize their caps with inspirational quotes, feathers and glitter to stand out in a sea of other graduates for family and friends in the grandstands.
Many students struggle with anxiety.
Many students struggle with math and science.
Many students took part in the contest.
Many students travel to and from school by bus.
Many students were present at the lecture.
Many students were suspended to due their lack of school uniform.
Many students were waiting in front of the library.
Many students work in part-time jobs.
Many studies have been done on identical twins.
Many sub-Saharan African immigrants cross the border between Niger and Algeria.
Many supernovae occur when massive stars run out of fuel, rapidly collapse under their own weight, and then explode because of strong shock waves that propel out of their interiors.
Many support the former alternative, but I prefer the latter.
Many survivors report joint pain and vision problems, and experts also are worried about the risk of relapse.
Many survivors were rescued from the collapsed building.
Many survivors were rescued from the rubble of the collapsed building.
Many survivors were rescued from the wreckage.
Many suspected that Yanni was a Muslim. They were right.
Many swallows will come soon from the south.
Many tales of alchemy show up in "Journey to the West".
Many teachers complain about their students.
Many teachers complain that their pupils are becoming more unruly.
Many teachers have a problem with Tom.
Many teams wanted to buy Loragos, the New Zealand defensive midfielder, from Alpha F.C.
Many tears were shed for him, and little Gerda wept bitterly for a long time.
Many tent and yurt-owners on the campsite have been using propane to heat their winter shelters.
Many terms are ambiguous.
Many terrorists were arrested in Bejaia.
Many testimonies say that he was a very angry person his whole life.
Many textbooks on Japanese claim that the language has verbal tenses, namely, the past and the non-past, but many academics proclaim that Japanese has really verbal aspects, not tenses, namely the perfective and imperfective aspects. In this way, Tagalog is more like Japanese, with its complete, progressive, and contemplative as main aspects.
Many thanks for all those who are supporting us.
Many thanks for organizing this really wonderful trip.
Many thanks for such a personal response to my question.
Many thanks for taking part.
Many thanks for the meal!
Many thanks for the quick answer!
Many thanks for the quick response!
Many thanks for the speedy response!
Many thanks for the swift response!
Many thanks for the thoughtful corrections! My mistakes have become clear to me.
Many thanks for this illustrative collection of examples.
Many thanks for this wonderful trip.
Many thanks for what you are doing!
Many thanks for your comments.
Many thanks for your contribution.
Many thanks for your effort!
Many thanks for your efforts.
Many thanks for your help.
Many thanks for your interest.
Many thanks in advance!
Many thanks to Tom for the Polish translation.
Many thanks!
Many thanks, friends.
Many thanks.
Many theaters still have marquee signs over their entrances, advertising the current films being shown to passersby.
Many things are easy to talk about, but difficult to actually carry out.
Many things are made with patience and a long time.
Many things are the same.
Many things can be bought at the market.
Many things can be made from wood.
Many things can happen in a year.
Many things changed, you know.
Many things depend on him.
Many things frighten people these days.
Many things happen between the cup and the lip.
Many things happened on the same day.
Many things happened to Ziri through Algeria.
Many things happened today.
Many things have changed in Tom's life.
Many things have changed in the last five years.
Many things have changed in the last three years.
Many things have changed over the course of the last ten years.
Many things have changed over the last ten years.
Many things have changed since I was here last.
Many things have changed since Tom left.
Many things have changed since that time.
Many things have changed.
Many things kept me from getting much sleep last night.
Many things were brought to Japan from China.
Many things were happening at the same time.
Many things will be different.
Many things.
Many think ginseng is good for your health.
Many think that Finnish is a really difficult language.
Many think that Italian is the most beautiful language in the world.
Many think that crewed travel into deep space isn't impossible.
Many think that democracy is the government of the people. But the truth of the matter is that democracy is the government of democrats.
Many thought that record would never be broken.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
Many threw themselves into the sea.
Many time, Robert caught Sandra staring at him.
Many times I have found that people cannot be taken at their word.
Many times I've been alone.
Many times I've thought that death was nature's most beautiful creation, but when it came to us, and not those we love.
Many times I’ve been alone.
Many times have I scolded him.
Many times parents behave in ways that are incomprehensible to us, just to protect us.
Many times things are different than they appear and dialogue is the best way to clarify.
Many times, I can’t think well.
Many times, a hen-pecked husband doesn't know his problems until he talks to a happy bachelor.
Many times, a hen-pecked husband doesn’t know his problems until he talks to a happy bachelor.
Many tons of waste go into the landfill each month.
Many top athletes take ice baths after workouts.
Many top private U.S. universities have what’s called legacy admissions, meaning applicants whose parents or family members went to that school get preference over others.
Many topics were discussed during the interview, but some of them were censored.
Many tortoises live longer than people.
Many tourists became infected with the coronavirus after going skiing in Austria's Tyrol region.
Many tourists choose to sail through Venice on a gondola during the summer.
Many tourists come here every year.
Many tourists come here.
Many tourists come to see the waterfall.
Many tourists come to this island every year.
Many tourists feed the Barbary macaques which show no fear of humans anymore.
Many tourists visit Algeria.
Many tourists visit Australia every year.
Many tourists visit Boston every year.
Many tourists visit Italy every year.
Many tourists visit Japan.
Many tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
Many tourists visit the Old City every year.
Many tourists visit this city.
Many towns and cities in the Sahara are nothing but an unimpressive array of mud buildings.
Many traditional commercial farmers use toxic chemical pesticides to control the insects that feed on their crops. But Honig tries to distract, rather than poison, the pests by planting thick hedgerows of tasty native plants just beyond the perimeter of his vineyard.
Many traditional practices are immoral.
Many traditional shields have, as a representation of power, lions rearing on their hind legs with their heads facing the right side of the shield.
Many traffic accidents could be avoided if all pedestrian crossings were elevated.
Many tragedies are disguised comedies. When philosophers have shed their last tear, they will laugh.
Many trains pass through the old stone tunnel.
Many trans people are also gay or bi.
Many trans people have a hard time getting on HRT.
Many transgender people experience gender dysphoria.
Many travellers decided to rent a car instead of travelling by train to their destinations.
Many trees are bare in the winter.
Many trees are bare in winter.
Many trees are cut down in the world.
Many trees died during the long drought.
Many trees fell down.
Many trees have been cut down.
Many trees have been felled.
Many trees lose their leaves in the winter.
Many trees lose their leaves in winter.
Many trees put up chemicals to prevent animals from eating their leaves.
Many trees use poisons to stop animals eating their leaves.
Many trees were blown down by the storm.
Many trees were cut down.
Many trees were uprooted by the wind.
Many trials are open to the public.
Many tried to carry out the deed of the intrepid mountaineer.
Many tried to put their feelings into words.
Many truck drivers don't take into account the weather conditions.
Many truckers don't respect the weather conditions at all.
Many truckers don't take into account the weather conditions.
Many truckers eat at this restaurant.
Many types of vascular diseases are identified by their affects on blood flow in the hands and legs.
Many typographical errors were found.
Many undocumented immigrants work in this area.
Many unfair things happened.
Many universities have moved to the pass/fail option.
Many universities have stopped their degree-awarding ceremonies.
Many university faculty dislike the university president.
Many university students don't have a lot of money.
Many university students were against the Vietnam War.
Many unjust and bad things are done out of habit.
Many upperclassmen have taken to social media to advise new college students.
Many ups and downs have been a part of my professional life.
Many users don't know how to use this tool well.
Many users don't know the correct way to use this tool.
Many vegetables are harvested by hand.
Many vegetarians eat eggs. Vegans, however, avoid all animal products.
Many venomous animals paralyse their prey.
Many view discus fish as mere aquarium decorations, but I've traveled to the Amazon to observe their fascinating parenting behavior in the wild.
Many villagers are farmers who raise alpaca animals for wool.
Many villagers were killed by soldiers.
Many villages will usually have a newsagent that remains open during Christmas Day for at least a few hours.
Many visitors come to the park to view wildlife. One of the most popular places to do so is in an area called Cades Cove. Here, visitors can see white-tailed deer, the dog-like coyote, turkeys, and yes, black bears.
Many volunteers helped us do this.
Many voters will likely stay home if this storm gets much worse.
Many wars are started for no reason of any consequence.
Many wasps are pollinators.
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it.
Many ways lead to Rome.
Many wearable devices showcased at CES look like watches but can do much more.
Many wearable devices showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) look like watches but can do much more.
Many websites are supported by revenue from advertising.
Many websites prohibit misleading usernames that imply an official role on the website such as "admin," "administrator," "webmaster," "system operator," "sysop," or "moderator."
Many wedding ceremonies will take place on the seventh of July.
Many weeds were growing among the flowers.
Many weird things happened to Ziri.
Many well renowned influencers have their own publicist.
Many well-known companies, such as ASUS, are Taiwanese.
Many went to North Africa and the Middle East, where they integrated with existing communities, but others spread out into Europe to places like the Netherlands and France.
Many were baptized by John in the Jordan River.
Many were eager to get in on the act.
Many were injured, some badly.
Many were killed that day.
Many were slain.
Many were supporters of same-sex marriage.
Many were turned away.
Many western customs have taken root in Japan.
Many wetland restoration projects are underway around the world to help protect and restore these important ecosystems.
Many wetlands are also important cultural and spiritual sites for Indigenous communities around the world.
Many who learn a foreign language dream of being able to speak like a native.
Many wild animals are in peril of losing their lives.
Many wild animals will die because of the lack of food.
Many wild mammals are endangered in Algeria.
Many will be skeptical.
Many will die.
Many will serve traditional foods like turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes and cranberry sauce.
Many will want it.
Many wise men lived in Athens.
Many wives complain about high prices.
Many wives complain about their husbands.
Many women are afraid of spiders.
Many women are delaying childbirth.
Many women are still afraid of science, but it seems that the younger they are, the less so.
Many women are still protesting against the hijab.
Many women are unable to conceive because of a condition known as polycystic ovary syndrome, in which the ovaries fail to secrete enough hormones to stimulate egg production. Injury to the ovaries caused by radiation or surgery also can interfere with a woman’s ability to produce enough viable eggs, or oocytes, to achieve pregnancy.
Many women around the world do not have the power to refuse sex or require their partners to use condoms, so public health officials have been seeking an odorless, tasteless compound a woman could apply privately to block HIV infection.
Many women bear the burden of most household duties, including childcare, in addition to their responsibilities to their jobs outside their homes, which many are now doing from their homes.
Many women bear the burden of most household duties, including childcare, in addition to their responsibilities to their jobs outside their homes.
Many women could barely spell their names.
Many women find Tom attractive.
Many women have died in childbirth.
Many women have the fantasy of living in poverty.
Many women in the world shave their armpits.
Many women like Tom.
Many women like drinking tea.
Many women like to wear high-heeled shoes.
Many women pursue higher education and careers, thus delaying marriage and childbirth.
Many women think Tom is attractive.
Many women think that Tom is attractive.
Many women throw themselves at him.
Many women today prefer wearing modern clothing to traditional clothing.
Many women work outside their homes these days.
Many words are acquired through reading.
Many words are only spoken by old people.
Many words are pronounced according to the spelling, but some are not.
Many words are spelled the same in English and French, though they are pronounced differently.
Many words do not have vowels at the beginning because they are borrowed from Arabic.
Many words have been forgotten by people.
Many words have not been understood by people.
Many words in French are like the English word "raspberry."
Many words used by Shakespeare have changed in meaning.
Many workers are facing the ax in the assembly department.
Many workers are losing their jobs now.
Many workers got laid off.
Many workers have lost their jobs.
Many workers starved to death.
Many workers were laid off at that plant.
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.
Many working mothers are full of guilt.
Many working mothers are juggling their jobs and their children.
Many working mothers struggle to balance their home and work lives.
Many world leaders spoke out against the US invasion of Iraq.
Many would envy you.
Many would jump at the chance to live in New York.
Many would never speak with a full mouth, but do it with an empty head.
Many wounded men were left on the battlefield.
Many writers desire to look into the eyes of their works' translators.
Many writing systems don't have any difference between upper case and lower case letters.
Many yachts are in the harbor.
Many yachts are moored in the harbour.
Many years ago I wandered for a while on highlands completely unknown to tourists.
Many years ago flying used to be glamorous. Now it's just a pain in the neck!
Many years ago flying used to be glamorous. Now it’s just a pain in the neck!
Many years ago, I visited the center of Hiroshima.
Many years ago, in Brasília, I participated in a simultaneous against Grand Master Henrique Mecking, better known for the affectionate diminutive Mequinho. I don't remember how many boards were there, but I know I didn't offer much resistance and, as expected, I lost the game.
Many years ago, my elementary grade class went to the VanDusen Botanical Garden for a field trip. My Austrian friend Danny K. was with us. We marvelled at the biology. I collected yellow leaves from the Ginkgo biloba trees there. The leaves had a strange shape. Later, I put some of the yellow leaves in a book about horror movies with Frankenstein on the cover. Years later, in high school, during silent reading class, I showed Danny one of the yellow leaves pressed in the pages of my book about horror movies. With sudden anguish, Danny crumpled the yellow leaf in his hand, as if his mind started racing.
Many years ago, there were lions in Greece.
Many years have been spent in building the tower.
Many years have passed since he fell from the tower.
Many years have passed since then.
Many years later, the author added two more chapters to the novel.
Many years passed.
Many years there is no snow at all.
Many years went by.
Many young Algerians are fleeing their country.
Many young Algerians are unable to get the jobs they studied for.
Many young Berber speakers prefer to communicate in Arabic or French.
Many young Japanese people are drifting aimlessly in life.
Many young Japanese travel overseas these days.
Many young Romans went to Greece.
Many young Romans would go to Greece.
Many young children write letters to Santa Cluas.
Many young families live in this area.
Many young girls dream of becoming princesses.
Many young girls like that singer.
Many young home buyers prefer urban areas to the suburbs where they grew up.
Many young men bled for the revolution.
Many young men competed.
Many young men died in the cause of democracy during the war.
Many young men tend to commit the same errors.
Many young men went to war.
Many young people are out of work in that country.
Many young people are out of work in the country.
Many young people came to Moscow to study.
Many young people came to study in Moscow.
Many young people died in the war in the name of democracy.
Many young people do like astronomy, or else, they would not like the Star Wars franchise and the like.
Many young people don't listen to radio anymore.
Many young people feel hopeless.
Many young people go abroad during summer vacation.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
Many young people in Spain are unemployed.
Many young people in the country long to live in the city.
Many young people make use of their summer vacation to climb Mt. Fuji.
Many young people today say that they have considered suicide.
Many young people were at the concert.
Many young people were present at the party.
Many young people will work at the local hotels in the summer.
Many young people with piercings stay together their whole lives, especially if one gets their nose ring stuck in the other's braces.
Many young people, for aesthetic reasons, avoid wearing a helmet when riding a bicycle.
Many young tourists visit European cities, because the flight tickets are really cheap.
Many young women in their 20s plan to go abroad during their summer holidays.
Many's the long night I've dreamed of cheese — toasted mostly.
Many's the time my mates were so yarn-hungry they had me falling asleep in the middle of a tale, halfway through a sentence, between syllables.
Many, however, may wish to know more about this remarkable people from the outset, while some may not possess the earlier book.
Many, if not most, professional translators only translate into their native language.
Many, like Tracy from suburban New Jersey, learned about Amma only recently, and decided to come see her in the hope that Amma might sooth the emotional pain they feel.
Many, many years ago, there lived an old man.
Many’s the long night I’ve dreamed of cheese â€” toasted mostly.
Many Parisians consider the area a no-go zone.
Manzoni notes that when news of the sickness reached the city “anyone might suppose that there would be a general stir of disquiet, a clamor for precautions of some kind [whatever their real value] to be taken ... But one of the few points about which all the memoirs of the time agree is that there was nothing of the kind ... Anyone who mentioned the danger of the pestilence, whether in the streets, the shops or in private houses — anyone who even mentioned the word ‘plague’ — was greeted with incredulous mockery or angry contempt.”
Manzoni outlines the mistakes that allowed the pestilence to spread, from the outlying villages of the contadini [peasants] to the Milanese.
Man’s best friend certainly makes a good addition to a household.
Man’s body is a sort of machine.
Man’s but a bubble.
Man’s skin is very sensitive to temperature changes.
Man’s soul is immortal.
Mao knows everything.
Mao launched China into the space age.
Mao said, "Religion is poison."
Maoism isn't leftism.
Maori culture is now spreading more and more among us and their language has become an official language.
Maple leaves have a deep green color that changes to yellow, red, burgundy, or orange in the fall.
Maple syrup is an amber liquid.
Maple syrup mixed with baby spit-up and shoe scuff?
Maple tree leaves usually have three or five pointed lobes.
Maple trees are famous for their sweet sap, which is used to produce maple syrup.
Maple trees grew on both sides of the road.
Maple, elm, beech, poplar.
Maples turn red in fall.
Maps of the world often give a false idea of how big Africa is.
Maps were distributed to all the soldiers.
Maputo is the capital of Mozambique.
Maquire says there's already a lot of activity around turning employment into a matchmaking endeavor, using artificial intelligence and deep learning to help the right person and the right job find each other.
Mara Phone says its device is the first high specification, affordable smartphone made in Africa to compete in a market dominated by South Korean and Chinese brands.
Maradona had recently battled health issues and underwent emergency surgery for a subdural hematoma several weeks ago.
Maradona is a great player.
Maradona is a remarkable footballer.
Maradona is an exceptional player.
Maradona was a demigod. With the ball, he was a god. Without the ball, he was human.
Marafon will turn one hundred years next year.
Maraghna, a village nestled in the high mountains of Kabylie, gave the best of its children for the independence of Algeria.
Maral's mother is forty-three.
Maratha polity consisted of a decentralised confederacy of various states.
Marathi is an Indo-Aryan language.
Marathi is the language spoken in the Maratha country.
Marathi is the name of an important Indo-Aryan language spoken in western and central India.
Marathi is the official language of Maharashtra state of India.
Marathi isn't a Dravidian language; you're thinking of Malayalam.
Marble floors are beautiful.
Marc Fries is with the U.S. space agency, NASA. He says the meteorite fall was the largest recorded over the United States in at least 20 years.
Marc Gaden says by the 1950s, lampreys had killed off most of the big predator fish in the lakes.
Marc Hachadourian is an orchid expert at the New York Botanical Garden.
Marc is an online Filipino friend from Cebu Island. He is of the violet kind, as he encouraged me about the artificial language Lojban. He is gay. He convinced me that there are Filipinos who are really avant-garde.
Marc is in the bedroom.
Marc is one of the architects who have shaped this decade.
Marc posted his letter.
Marc regrets his mistake.
Marc swims very well, don’t you think?
Marc, do you want the ketchup?
Marc, whose spirit is timid, hid himself, fearing danger.
Marcel Kittel has won the first stage of the Tour de France.
Marcel Proust is known for his long sentences and his excessive use of the subjunctive.
Marcel thought that he would be happier in life if he was gay.
Marcela listened to music from the nineteen eighties.
Marcela used to listen to '80s music.
Marcello scored a last-minute equaliser.
March 14 is Pi Day.
March 14th is Pi day.
March 15 will be my last day of school.
March 17 is St. Patrick’s Day, and for millions of Americans of Irish descent, and others in search of a good time, that means a razzle-dazzle parade up New York’s Fifth Avenue.
March 21 is International Day of Forests.
March 22 is World Water Day.
March 25 is a bank holiday for the Greeks.
March 3 is the day of the Dolls' Festival.
March 3 is the day of the Dolls’ Festival.
March 3rd is a Girls' Day, the traditional Japanese festival held to wish girls both health and growth.
March 3rd is a Girls’ Day, the traditional Japanese festival held to wish girls both health and growth.
March and April are when it's best to plant the seeds.
March away!
March comes between February and April.
March downstairs right now.
March is over.
March is the third month of the year.
March on!
March right up those stairs, young man!
March winds and April showers bring forth May flowers.
Marching is one of the avenues for social protest.
Marcia likes to collect teddy bears.
Marcia looked grim when I told her the story.
Marcia works at the best salon in town.
Marco Hietala is a Finnish musician. He plays the bass guitar and also sings.
Marco Tardelli was responsible for one of football's most memorable goal celebrations after scoring Italy's second in the 1982 World Cup Final.
Marco accidentally broke a piece on the set last week when he fell.
Marco always wears glasses.
Marco and Laura met each other on a day trip to the mountain.
Marco bought his son a car.
Marco came to see me at home yesterday.
Marco continued being a good friend even in difficult times.
Marco has a valuable stamp collection.
Marco has no right to change something in an article written by someone else.
Marco is Spanish - he is from Spain.
Marco is Spanish - he's from Spain.
Marco is shorter than Mario.
Marco might well burst into tears to meet his mother again.
Marco plays tennis twice a week.
Marco possesses a valuable stamp collection.
Marco said our cousins were coming.
Marco speaks French.
Marco teaches German, but this year he's teaching French.
Marco thinks he writes well.
Marco visited me at home yesterday.
Marco's house is very big.
Marco's test was so hard he couldn't do it.
Marco, long time no see! You sure have become a great man!
Marconi invented the radio.
Marcos is a geologist.
Marcus Aurelius was one of the most respected emperors in Roman history.
Marcus Aurelius, Seneca and Epictetus are the three most important Stoic philosophers.
Marcus Aurelius, called the Philosopher, was a Roman emperor and Stoic philosopher.
Marcus abstained from voting.
Marcus abstained.
Marcus and Quintus! Come here! There are many roses here!
Marcus asked his neighbour not to throw any more objects from the balcony in future.
Marcus beat Julia.
Marcus became a usurper.
Marcus called the referee a numpty.
Marcus called the referee an idiot.
Marcus calls upon his servants.
Marcus came in a car.
Marcus claimed to have been woken by a noise.
Marcus claimed to have crossed the Gobi Desert on foot.
Marcus claimed to have walked across the Gobi Desert.
Marcus couldn't bring himself to tidy his room.
Marcus described the way to the railway station to the tourist.
Marcus described the way to the station to the tourist.
Marcus drank his colleagues under the table.
Marcus drank his mates under the table.
Marcus failed miserably.
Marcus gave a sigh of relief.
Marcus greeted the guests with a friendly smile.
Marcus has a brother, but he never talks about him.
Marcus helped almost every day.
Marcus is a fairly normal bloke.
Marcus is an expert in this field.
Marcus is competing in a motorbike race for the first time.
Marcus is from Nicaragua. He is Nicaraguan.
Marcus is quite a normal fella.
Marcus isn't as tall as Marius.
Marcus learned French by talking to his girlfriend Corinne.
Marcus left the room without saying a word.
Marcus left under cover of darkness; to where, no one knew.
Marcus lives in the oldest part of town.
Marcus put the book down unread.
Marcus says he's bored.
Marcus spent a long time mulling over the idea of buying himself a new motorbike.
Marcus tends sometimes to bore his listeners with trivia.
Marcus wanted tea and toast for breakfast.
Marcus wants to be a translator.
Marcus was described as a good speaker.
Marcus was describing the way to the railway station to the tourist.
Marcus was in a grumpy mood.
Marcus was neither heard to confess nor able to deny.
Marcus was once again conspicuous by his absence.
Marcus was shattered; he was on his last legs.
Marcus was somewhat shy, preferring to keep his views to himself.
Marcus was spot on in his prognosis, as the results before us now show.
Marcus's behaviour met with disapproval.
Marcus's favourite jumper had seen better days.
Marcus's prediction was spot on, as the results now show.
Marcy burst into tears on hearing the news, but soon pulled herself together.
Marek sprained his wrist.
Margaret Chan has been Director-General of the World Health Organization for just three weeks. She exudes optimism despite the enormous task of taming a multitude of global health threats before her.
Margaret Mead ascribes to the Balinese she studied an inability to follow complex directions. I ask, "What of her ability to express complex directions in Balinese?"
Margaret Thatcher had opposed speedy reunification, fearing a united Germany would dominate Europe, changing the power dynamics of the European Union.
Margaret Thatcher is dead.
Margaret and Baster soon had the hems basted.
Margaret has a talent for music.
Margaret is called Meg for short.
Margaret, whose father you met last Sunday, is a very good tennis player.
Margarine is unfit for human consumption.
Margarita is making a margherita pizza while drinking margaritas.
Margays are closely related to ocelots.
Marge works for the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Marginalized people are traumatized people.
Margit was born in Bordeaux in 1908.
Margrethe II is the lone queen.
Marguerite had grown into beauty since those days, but it was not the roseleaf beauty born of days without anxiety and nights without unrest.
Marguerite was born in Bordeaux in 1908.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
Mari calls her library room her "meditation room."
Mari got depressed due to Tom.
Mari has been in Hungary.
Mari has been to Hungary.
Mari moved into the apartment below me a couple of summers ago.
Mari works for a large firm.
Maria - though she was ashamed about it later - involuntarily burst out laughing, as Tom asked her very shyly if she were interested in going to the movies with him.
Maria Callas has a beautiful voice.
Maria Callas is a famous opera singer.
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
Maria Elena Pompo, who moved from Venezuela to the United States, developed her natural dyeing technique through experimentation.
Maria Lucia was going to bed early, but we stayed at the party until two.
Maria Montessori invented the sorting box after observing that children enjoy fitting objects through receptacles of a similar shape.
Maria Sharapova is the third most successful active women's tennis player, behind the Williams sisters.
Maria accompanies the children to school.
Maria acts as if she were a fool.
Maria added sentences.
Maria admired Tom's courage.
Maria adopted an orphan child.
Maria also looked after the animals.
Maria always drinks milk at breakfast.
Maria always makes the same mistakes.
Maria always seasons salads with olive oil, garlic and parsley.
Maria always whispers words of wisdom.
Maria and Julia are both blind.
Maria and Mary aren't the same person.
Maria and Natalia are going shopping. They want to buy something for themselves.
Maria and Natalia go shopping. They buy something for themselves.
Maria and Peter get along well.
Maria and Tom are happy together.
Maria and Tom are laughing, but I'm not.
Maria and her husband decided to adopt a child.
Maria answers the teacher's question.
Maria arrived at the hospital.
Maria asked me to help her in math.
Maria asked me to help her in mathematics.
Maria asked me to help her with her math.
Maria assumes that university students learn languages more quickly than other people.
Maria awaited him, but he did not come.
Maria believes in life after death.
Maria believes that the use of industrial methods is unavoidable in order to ensure low prices.
Maria blew a kiss to Tom and hid quiveringly under the sofa.
Maria called her Brasilian mother.
Maria called her Brazilian mother.
Maria called her son Tom.
Maria came at the very last moment.
Maria came back into the house shivering, and sat in front of the heater.
Maria came down from the seventh floor.
Maria came on time.
Maria can twist and turn as she wants, yet she will still remain alone.
Maria can't stand Tom.
Maria can't stop tweeting.
Maria cannot stand Tom.
Maria carded the wool.
Maria cheerfully giggled when she saw Tom looked as if he were speechless.
Maria committed a crime.
Maria completed her homework surprisingly quickly.
Maria considers Tom the best-looking man she's ever seen. Well, she hasn't seen me.
Maria cooked with fresh ingredients from the garden, and all the meals tasted as if they were full of sunshine.
Maria covered her face with her hands.
Maria decided to never come back to see him again.
Maria defended herself.
Maria denied that she is friends with Thomas.
Maria depends on medicine to sleep.
Maria did her job.
Maria didn't suspect that "Tom", her pen-friend, with whom she had been corresponding for months over the Internet and whom she secretly loved, without ever having met him, was actually a super-intelligent squirrel.
Maria didn't understand the question.
Maria didn't want to be a doctor like her mother.
Maria didn't want to get pregnant.
Maria died in her sleep.
Maria disappeared without a trace. Maybe they kidnapped her.
Maria does not read English books.
Maria does not speak German.
Maria does not think of success anymore.
Maria doesn't consider Latin a dead language.
Maria doesn't eat food that's sold on the street.
Maria doesn't have just one dog, she has five!
Maria doesn't know that she has cancer.
Maria doesn't like Tom's dog.
Maria doesn't like it when her parents insist that she return before midnight.
Maria doesn't like parsley.
Maria doesn't like speaking in public.
Maria doesn't put sugar in her coffee.
Maria doesn't read English books.
Maria doesn't speak German.
Maria doesn't want to admit it.
Maria drank a cup of coffee.
Maria dreamt of Tom.
Maria drives very badly.
Maria dyed her hair snow white.
Maria eats.
Maria effectuates nothing by herself.
Maria failed.
Maria feels that she is alone and cries a lot.
Maria fell asleep in her chaise.
Maria filtered the water.
Maria forced Tom to eat.
Maria forgot all her books at school.
Maria gave Tom a lesson.
Maria glued many small hearts to the fridge.
Maria goes to the dogs.
Maria goes with her sister to the movies.
Maria got married against her will.
Maria got married last year.
Maria got married unwillingly.
Maria got pregnant at the age of 14.
Maria grew up in the DDR, which is why she learned Russian and not English.
Maria had a smoke.
Maria had only one purpose.
Maria had too many distractions in her day to day life.
Maria has a cut on the palm of her hand. They say she got it peeling potatoes, but I don't buy that.
Maria has a knack for playing chess, she checkmated me in ten moves.
Maria has a pimple on her nose.
Maria has a pink dress.
Maria has a white cat.
Maria has an excellent memory.
Maria has been acting ever since she was a child.
Maria has blue eyes.
Maria has eagle eyes and lynx ears.
Maria has four brothers.
Maria has gained weight.
Maria has her own issues.
Maria has her own problems.
Maria has long black hair and brown eyes.
Maria has long hair.
Maria has long, dark hair and brown eyes.
Maria has no reason to be angry with her husband.
Maria has not eaten anything.
Maria has three sons.
Maria has two sisters.
Maria has unnatural psychic powers.
Maria hasn't eaten or drank the whole day.
Maria hasn't watched the news yet.
Maria hates her job for many reasons.
Maria hid her face in her hands.
Maria is Romanian.
Maria is Spanish.
Maria is a Czech student.
Maria is a Romanian citizen.
Maria is a chess whiz, she checkmated me in ten moves.
Maria is a dentist.
Maria is a feminist.
Maria is a nineteen-year-old Spanish girl.
Maria is a rebellious girl.
Maria is a strange woman.
Maria is a very friendly person.
Maria is a very polite and simple girl.
Maria is a very polite, simple girl.
Maria is a woman, not a child.
Maria is afraid of getting pregnant.
Maria is always making hasty decisions, forgetting about the consequences.
Maria is an aspiring doctor of Physics; in her free time however, she works as an astrologer and card reader.
Maria is answering the teacher's question.
Maria is aromantic and homosexual.
Maria is at the airport.
Maria is busy stripping in some pub.
Maria is chewing something.
Maria is formal when she talks with her parents.
Maria is frozen in shock, like a rabbit in front of a snake.
Maria is gluten intolerant.
Maria is gorgeous.
Maria is in Boston.
Maria is in no condition to make a decision.
Maria is in the kitchen.
Maria is interested in maths.
Maria is left-wing.
Maria is missing a tooth.
Maria is my adopted child.
Maria is my adopted daughter.
Maria is my brother's wife. Rosa is my wife's sister. Maria and Rosa are my sisters-in-law.
Maria is my youngest sister.
Maria is no saint.
Maria is not responsible for the accident.
Maria is not satisfied with her breasts.
Maria is now five years old. Her entire life since her birth until today is on Facebook.
Maria is powerless.
Maria is probably Germany's most talented artist.
Maria is rather sweet.
Maria is really into recreational sleep.
