You're the most amazing person I've ever met.
You're the most amazing woman I've ever met.
You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever met.
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
You're the most beautiful girl in the world.
You're the most beautiful woman I know.
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever held in my arms.
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
You're the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
You're the most beautiful woman in the world.
You're the most beautiful woman that I have ever laid my eyes on.
You're the most beautiful women in the world.
You're the most fantastic person in my life.
You're the most generous person I know.
You're the most handsome man I've ever met.
You're the most handsome man I've ever seen in my life.
You're the most handsome man I've ever seen.
You're the most important person in my life.
You're the most important thing in my life.
You're the most important thing to me. How can you doubt that?
You're the most important woman in the whole world.
You're the most inconsiderate person I've ever met.
You're the most incredible person I've ever met.
You're the most intelligent person I know.
You're the most interesting person I've ever met.
You're the most obvious suspect.
You're the most pettable cat in the world.
You're the most reliable friend I have.
You're the most wonderful person I've ever met.
You're the new boss, aren't you?
You're the new guy, aren't you?
You're the new kid, aren't you?
You're the new kid, right?
You're the new manager, aren't you?
You're the new secretary, aren't you?
You're the next in line for promotion, aren't you?
You're the next in line for promotion.
You're the nicest girlfriend I ever had.
You're the nicest girlfriend I've ever had.
You're the ninth person to ask.
You're the oldest sister, aren't you?
You're the oldest.
You're the one I like.
You're the one I love the most.
You're the one I love.
You're the one I need now.
You're the one I thought would do that.
You're the one I want to be with.
You're the one I want to do that with.
You're the one I want to go to Australia with.
You're the one I want to go to Boston with.
You're the one I want to live with for the rest of my life.
You're the one I want to meet.
You're the one I want to spend the rest of my life with.
You're the one I want to talk to now.
You're the one I want.
You're the one I was looking for.
You're the one I'll always love.
You're the one I'll miss most, Mary.
You're the one I'm looking for.
You're the one I've been dreaming of.
You're the one I've been looking for.
You're the one I've been waiting for.
You're the one I've been wanting to meet.
You're the one I've chosen to do the job.
You're the one Tom and Mary want to meet.
You're the one Tom and Mary want to talk to.
You're the one Tom wants to meet.
You're the one Tom wants to take to the dance.
You're the one Tom wants to talk to.
You're the one causing all the trouble.
You're the one covering the bill.
You're the one doing drugs.
You're the one doing this.
You're the one for me.
You're the one making up pedophilia where none exists.
You're the one obsessed with kids and pedophilia.
You're the one paying the bill.
You're the one paying.
You're the one person I can rely on in this kind of situation.
You're the one responsible for all this, aren't you?
You're the one responsible for all this.
You're the one responsible for losing the keys.
You're the one responsible for that.
You're the one responsible.
You're the one settling the bill.
You're the one settling up.
You're the one spending the most time with Tom.
You're the one taking care of the bill.
You're the one taking the time and buying the postage.
You're the one that I plan to leave all my money to.
You're the one that I want.
You're the one that I was looking for.
You're the one that I've been looking for.
You're the one that I've been thinking about.
You're the one that needs to do that.
You're the one that ought to do that.
You're the one that should do that.
You're the one that suggested coming to this club.
You're the one that told me to do this.
You're the one that wanted to see me, aren't you?
You're the one that wanted to see me.
You're the one that we need to talk to.
You're the one that went crazy.
You're the one they were telling me about.
You're the one we've been waiting for.
You're the one whining, not me.
You're the one whining, not us.
You're the one who I've been looking for.
You're the one who accused me.
You're the one who acted inappropriately.
You're the one who bought it.
You're the one who broke the window, aren't you?
You're the one who brought it up.
You're the one who brought me here.
You're the one who brought up the subject.
You're the one who bumped into Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who caught Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who caused the accident, aren't you?
You're the one who caused the accident.
You're the one who caused the problem.
You're the one who caused this problem.
You're the one who convinced Tom to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who convinced Tom to do that.
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?
You're the one who did that for Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who did that, aren't you?
You're the one who did this!
You're the one who did this, aren't you?
You're the one who didn't do it correctly.
You're the one who didn't do it the right way.
You're the one who doesn't understand!
You're the one who doesn't understand.
You're the one who fired Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who gathered the information.
You're the one who gave me this, aren't you?
You're the one who gave me this.
You're the one who gave us all this.
You're the one who got Tom drunk, aren't you?
You're the one who got me in trouble in the first place.
You're the one who has acted inappropriately.
You're the one who has to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who has to do that.
You're the one who hired Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who hired Tom.
You're the one who hit Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who hugged Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who inspired me to do this.
You're the one who invited Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who invited Tom.
You're the one who invited her.
You're the one who invited him.
You're the one who invited them.
You're the one who kissed Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who kissed me.
You're the one who knows how to do this, right?
You're the one who knows how to do this.
You're the one who let it happen!
You're the one who lied.
You're the one who made this mess, so you clean it up.
You're the one who mentioned it in the first place.
You're the one who misplaced the keys, not me!
You're the one who must always be waited for.
You're the one who must decide.
You're the one who named the dog Cookie, aren't you?
You're the one who needs to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who needs to do that, not me.
You're the one who needs to do that.
You're the one who needs to go on a diet, not me.
You're the one who ought to be afraid.
You're the one who ought to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who ought to do that.
You're the one who painted this picture, aren't you?
You're the one who persuaded Tom not to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who persuaded Tom to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who picked the fight.
You're the one who planted that tree, aren't you?
You're the one who planted that tree.
You're the one who provoked her.
You're the one who punished Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who quit.
You're the one who said I should do that, aren't you?
You're the one who said I should do that.
You're the one who said it.
You're the one who said you wanted to come here.
You're the one who said you wanted to leave.
You're the one who said you wanted to talk.
You're the one who saved Tom's life, aren't you?
You're the one who saved Tom's life.
You're the one who sees things differently.
You're the one who shapes reality. If it's bad, change it. If it's good, make it incredible.
You're the one who should be doing that, aren't you?
You're the one who should be doing that.
You're the one who should be thanking me.
You're the one who should be worried.
You're the one who should do that, aren't you?
You're the one who should do that.
You're the one who should lead this company.
You're the one who should pay the bill, aren't you?
You're the one who should pay the bill.
You're the one who sold them to her.
You're the one who sold them to him.
You're the one who sold those to Tom, aren't you?
You're the one who solved the problem, aren't you?
You're the one who started it.
You're the one who started the fight, aren't you?
You're the one who started the fight.
You're the one who started this.
You're the one who suggested I do this.
You're the one who suggested buying this computer.
You're the one who suggested coming to this club.
You're the one who suggested stealing Tom's car.
You're the one who suggested that I do it that way.
You're the one who suggested that I do this, aren't you?
You're the one who suggested that I do this.
You're the one who suggested that Tom and I do that together.
You're the one who suggested that Tom do it that way, aren't you?
You're the one who suggested that we do that right away.
You're the one who suggested that we do that together, aren't you?
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.
You're the one who suggested that we do that.
You're the one who suggested that we sing together.
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.
You're the one who suggested we do that.
You're the one who suggested we eat Chinese food, so don't complain.
You're the one who talked to Tom about that, aren't you?
You're the one who taught Tom French, aren't you?
You're the one who taught me how to do things properly.
You're the one who taught me how to do this, aren't you?
You're the one who taught me how to do this.
You're the one who tells him.
You're the one who told Tom and me to do that.
You're the one who told Tom to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who told Tom to do that.
You're the one who told me that I shouldn't do that, aren't you?
You're the one who told me that I shouldn't do that.
You're the one who told me that, aren't you?
You're the one who told me that.
You're the one who told me to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who told me to do that.
You're the one who told me to do this, aren't you?
You're the one who told me to do this.
You're the one who told us to do that, aren't you?
You're the one who told us to do that.
You're the one who took these pictures, aren't you?
You're the one who took this picture, aren't you?
You're the one who trained me.
You're the one who wanted me to come, Tom.
You're the one who wanted to come with me.
You're the one who wanted to do this.
You're the one who wanted to have sex without a condom.
You're the one who wanted to move five thousand miles away from home.
You're the one who wanted to talk to Tom, not me.
You're the one who warned me about this.
You're the one who was right.
You're the one who worshipped money.
You're the one who wrote all these letters, aren't you?
You're the one who's being a jerk.
You're the one who's being defensive.
You're the one who's covering the bill.
You're the one who's crazy.
You're the one who's going to pay.
You're the one who's paying the bill.
You're the one who's paying.
You're the one who's settling the bill.
You're the one who's taking care of the bill.
You're the one who's tone deaf.
You're the one with all the money.
You're the one with sex on the brain.
You're the one with the Ph.D.
You're the one.
You're the ones I'm looking for.
You're the ones that are going to have problems now.
You're the ones we've been waiting for.
You're the ones whining, not us.
You're the ones who have acted inappropriately.
You're the ones who should be afraid of our determination.
You're the ones who were right.
You're the only Algerian I know that doesn't eat couscous.
You're the only Canadian I know that doesn't like bacon.
You're the only Canadian I know who doesn't like bacon.
You're the only Canadian I know.
You're the only Canadian I've ever gone skiing with.
You're the only Canadian I've ever talked with.
You're the only Canadian in our school, aren't you?
You're the only Canadian in our school.
You're the only Canadian that I know who doesn't like bacon.
You're the only adult here.
You're the only boy in this class.
You're the only drummer I know.
You're the only friend I have.
You're the only friend I've got.
You're the only girl I know that can do that.
You're the only girl I know who can do that.
You're the only girl I've ever kissed.
You're the only girl I've ever loved.
You're the only girl I've ever seen Tom smile at.
You're the only girl I've ever seen do that.
You're the only girl I've seen do that.
You're the only girl for me.
You're the only guy here I know.
You're the only man I've loved.
You're the only man who doesn't remember anything of what he's dreamed after he wakes up.
You're the only mirror for me.
You're the only monkey here.
You're the only one I called.
You're the only one I can be myself with.
You're the only one I can count on for help.
You're the only one I can trust to do the right thing.
You're the only one I can trust to do this.
You're the only one I can trust.
You're the only one I ever think about.
You're the only one I have fantasies about.
You're the only one I have.
You're the only one I know here.
You're the only one I know who can speak French.
You're the only one I know who doesn't get along with Tom.
You're the only one I know who likes Tom.
You're the only one I need.
You're the only one I think about.
You're the only one I trust.
You're the only one I want.
You're the only one I wouldn't trust.
You're the only one I'd consider going to Australia with.
You're the only one I'd consider going to Boston with.
You're the only one I've ever really been in love with.
You're the only one I've really ever loved.
You're the only one I've told.
You're the only one Tom trusts.
You're the only one Tom will talk to.
You're the only one for me now.
You're the only one for me starting now.
You're the only one for me.
You're the only one he trusts.
You're the only one here I've told.
You're the only one here who can speak French, aren't you?
You're the only one here who can speak French.
You're the only one here who doesn't know Tom.
You're the only one here who drinks coffee without sugar.
You're the only one here who has a car, aren't you?
You're the only one here who has a car.
You're the only one here who likes Tom.
You're the only one here who likes basketball, aren't you?
You're the only one here who likes basketball.
You're the only one here who thinks Tom is a nice guy, aren't you?
You're the only one here who thinks Tom is a nice guy.
You're the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
You're the only one left I can trust.
You're the only one missing for this movie.
You're the only one of people I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only one of the three sisters that doesn't hate me.
You're the only one responsible for what happened.
You're the only one she trusts.
You're the only one that I can trust.
You're the only one that I trust.
You're the only one that I've told.
You're the only one that can do that.
You're the only one that can help me.
You're the only one that can help us.
You're the only one that ever really liked Tom.
You're the only one that was supposed to do that.
You're the only one to survive the attack, aren't you?
You're the only one to survive the attack.
You're the only one who asks questions like that.
You're the only one who asks such questions.
You're the only one who asks that sort of question.
You're the only one who asks those kinds of questions.
You're the only one who bought it.
You're the only one who came tonight.
You're the only one who can convince Tom.
You're the only one who can defeat Tom.
You're the only one who can do it, aren't you?
You're the only one who can do it.
You're the only one who can do that.
You're the only one who can do this.
You're the only one who can do what needs to be done.
You're the only one who can fix this.
You're the only one who can get Tom to do what needs to be done.
You're the only one who can help Tom, aren't you?
You're the only one who can help Tom.
You're the only one who can help me now.
You're the only one who can help me.
You're the only one who can help us now, aren't you?
You're the only one who can help us now.
You're the only one who can help us.
You're the only one who can help.
You're the only one who can kill him.
You're the only one who can make it happen.
You're the only one who can make me laugh.
You're the only one who can protect them.
You're the only one who can save Tom, aren't you?
You're the only one who can save Tom.
You're the only one who can solve this problem.
You're the only one who can tell us what we need to know.
You're the only one who can't do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who can't do that.
You're the only one who cares about how you feel.
You're the only one who did it that way, aren't you?
You're the only one who did that, aren't you?
You're the only one who did that.
You're the only one who didn't do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who didn't do that.
You're the only one who didn't pass the test, aren't you?
You're the only one who didn't pass the test.
You're the only one who didn't understand the irony of what I said.
You're the only one who does that, aren't you?
You're the only one who does that.
You're the only one who doesn't have an umbrella.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do this, aren't you?
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do this.
You're the only one who doesn't look happy.
You're the only one who doesn't look tired.
You're the only one who doesn't seem happy.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be having any fun.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to want to be here.
You're the only one who ever really helped Tom.
You're the only one who ever really knew Tom.
You're the only one who ever really liked Tom.
You're the only one who ever really talked to Tom, aren't you?
You're the only one who ever really talked to Tom.
You're the only one who ever really understood me.
You're the only one who has a camera.
You're the only one who has given a sensible answer.
You're the only one who has to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who has to do that.
You're the only one who has to leave.
You're the only one who hasn't done what I asked, aren't you?
You're the only one who hasn't done what I asked.
You're the only one who isn't able to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows for sure.
You're the only one who knows how to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows how to do that.
You're the only one who knows how to do this, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows how to do this.
You're the only one who knows how to fix that, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows how to fix that.
You're the only one who knows how to get to Tom's house.
You're the only one who knows what to do, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows what to do.
You're the only one who knows what we have to do, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows what we have to do.
You're the only one who knows what we need to do, aren't you?
You're the only one who knows what we need to do.
You're the only one who knows.
You're the only one who needs to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who needs to do that.
You're the only one who noticed.
You're the only one who passed the test, aren't you?
You're the only one who passed the test.
You're the only one who really understands me.
You're the only one who seem to know why Tom and Mary are here.
You're the only one who seems to be having any fun.
You're the only one who seems to know how to do that.
You're the only one who seems to know what needs to be done.
You're the only one who seems to know what to do.
You're the only one who seems to know why Tom is here.
You're the only one who sees ghosts.
You're the only one who survived the attack, aren't you?
You're the only one who thinks otherwise.
You're the only one who thinks so.
You're the only one who thinks that's true, aren't you?
You're the only one who thinks that's true.
You're the only one who thought to congratulate me.
You're the only one who understands how I feel.
You're the only one who understands me.
You're the only one who volunteered to help us do that.
You're the only one who volunteered to help, aren't you?
You're the only one who volunteered to help.
You're the only one who wants it.
You're the only one who wants that.
You're the only one who wants to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who wants to do that.
You're the only one who wants to do this.
You're the only one who wants to go home early today, aren't you?
You're the only one who wants to go home early today.
You're the only one who wants to win.
You're the only one who was able to escape from the burning building.
You're the only one who was supposed to do that.
You're the only one who won't be at the meeting tomorrow.
You're the only one who'll be allowed to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who'll be allowed to do that.
You're the only one who'll be permitted to do that.
You're the only one who's able to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who's able to do that.
You're the only one who's met Tom.
You're the only one who's not able to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who's not able to do that.
You're the only one who's seen Tom.
You're the only one who's supposed to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who's supposed to do that.
You're the only one who's talked to Tom, aren't you?
You're the only one who's talked to Tom.
You're the only one with a driver's license.
You're the only one with a key, aren't you?
You're the only one with a key.
You're the only one with the keys to the safe.
You're the only one working here who can speak French, aren't you?
You're the only one working here who can speak French.
You're the only one.
You're the only ones who can help me.
You're the only other person who knows the combination to this safe.
You're the only other person who knows the truth.
You're the only other person who knows what actually happened.
You're the only other person who knows where Tom and Mary are.
You're the only other person who knows where Tom is.
You're the only other person who knows why Tom and Mary were fired.
You're the only other person who knows why Tom was fired.
You're the only people who can help me.
You're the only person I can count on.
You're the only person I can really trust.
You're the only person I can rely on in this kind of situation.
You're the only person I can trust right now.
You're the only person I can trust to do that.
You're the only person I can trust.
You're the only person I know besides Tom who likes to do that.
You're the only person I know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes medieval music.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
You're the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
You're the only person I know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent.
You're the only person I know besides myself who doesn't like watching baseball.
You're the only person I know besides myself who likes to do that.
You're the only person I know here in Australia.
You're the only person I know here in Boston.
You're the only person I know here who can do that.
You're the only person I know here.
You're the only person I know in Australia.
You're the only person I know in Boston.
You're the only person I know that can't swim.
You're the only person I know that doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person I know that has ever visited Australia.
You're the only person I know that has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person I know that likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person I know that never complains about the food here.
You're the only person I know that owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who can do that.
You're the only person I know who can help me.
You're the only person I know who can play the French horn.
You're the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
You're the only person I know who can probably do that.
You're the only person I know who can speak French.
You're the only person I know who can't do that.
You're the only person I know who can't speak French.
You're the only person I know who can't swim.
You're the only person I know who doesn't eat meat.
You're the only person I know who doesn't knock before entering my office.
You're the only person I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person I know who doesn't like watching football.
You're the only person I know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
You're the only person I know who drinks white wine.
You're the only person I know who has a sports car.
You're the only person I know who has ever visited Australia.
You're the only person I know who has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person I know who is from Boston.
You're the only person I know who is qualified for this job.
You're the only person I know who likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who regularly gets my name wrong.
You're the only person I know who's from Australia.
You're the only person I know who's likely to be able to do that.
You're the only person I know who's my age.
You're the only person I really wanted to talk to.
You're the only person I trust.
You're the only person I wouldn't trust.
You're the only person I'd consider giving this to.
You're the only person I'd trust to do that.
You're the only person I've ever asked to help me.
You're the only person I've ever come close to proposing to.
You're the only person I've ever really been in love with.
You're the only person I've ever really hated.
You're the only person I've ever seen who can tap dance while playing the banjo.
You're the only person I've ever wanted to get married to.
You're the only person I've ever wanted to marry.
You're the only person I've told.
You're the only person Tom trusts.
You're the only person he trusts.
You're the only person in the office who can do that, aren't you?
You're the only person in the office who can do that.
You're the only person in the office who can speak French.
You're the only person in whom I confide.
You're the only person she trusts.
You're the only person that I can trust.
You're the only person that I feel really cares.
You're the only person that I know here in Boston.
You're the only person that I know who can do that.
You're the only person that I know who can't swim.
You're the only person that I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person that I know who has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person that I know who likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person that I know who never complains about the food here.
You're the only person that I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person that I trust.
You're the only person that can do this, aren't you?
You're the only person that can do this.
You're the only person that can help me do that.
You're the only person that can help me now.
You're the only person that can persuade Tom to do that.
You're the only person that can persuade Tom.
You're the only person that can persuade him.
You're the only person who can help Tom, aren't you?
You're the only person who can help Tom.
You're the only person who can help me do that, aren't you?
You're the only person who can help me do that.
You're the only person who can help me now.
You're the only person who can help me.
You're the only person who did that, aren't you?
You're the only person who did that.
You're the only person who didn't do that, aren't you?
You're the only person who didn't do that.
You're the only person who ever calls me after 10:00 p.m.
You're the only person who ever comes to visit me.
You're the only person who ever phones me after ten in the evening.
You're the only person who ever rings me after 10.00 p.m.
You're the only person who hasn't yet done that, aren't you?
You're the only person who hasn't yet made a donation.
You're the only person who shows me any respect.
You're the only real friend I have.
You're the only real friend that I have.
You're the only reason I have to finish university!
You're the only suspect.
You're the only thing I need.
You're the only thing that's holding me together.
You're the only troublemaker here.
You're the only vegetarian I know.
You're the only witness.
You're the only woman I've ever loved, I'll love you forever, fate has wanted to divide us and leaves us no choice.
You're the only woman I've ever loved.
You're the only woman I've ever really loved.
You're the only woman for me.
You're the other half of my brain.
You're the owner, aren't you?
You're the owner.
You're the owners.
You're the part of me that lives in the darkness of my heart.
You're the pathetic one.
You're the perfect boyfriend.
You're the perfect girlfriend.
You're the perfect man for the job.
You're the perfect woman for me.
You're the person I was waiting for.
You're the person I've been looking for.
You're the person I've been waiting for.
You're the person in charge, aren't you?
You're the person in charge, right?
You're the person in charge.
You're the person that I like.
You're the person we've been looking for.
You're the person who best fits the position.
You're the police officer.
You're the president.
You're the prettiest girl I've ever seen.
You're the prettiest girl in town.
You're the prettiest old lady I've ever seen in my life.
You're the prettiest thing I've seen in my life.
You're the prettiest woman I've ever seen.
You're the prisoner.
You're the pro.
You're the problem here.
You're the problem, Tom.
You're the problem.
You're the queen.
You're the quietest woman I know.
You're the real hero.
You're the real racist for bringing it up.
You're the real racist for saying that.
You're the real racist.
You're the real saint, honorable clown.
You're the real thief, aren't you?
You're the real thief.
You're the reason I came.
You're the reason I live.
You're the reason I need to do that.
You're the reason I stayed here so long.
You're the reason I'm here today.
You're the reason I'm here.
You're the reason I'm still alive.
You're the remarkable one.
You're the repairmen, right?
You're the responsible one.
You're the richest guy I know.
You're the richest man I know.
You're the richest person I know.
You're the richest woman I know.
You're the right man for the job.
You're the right man for this job.
You're the right person for the job.
You're the same age as I am, aren't you?
You're the same age as I am.
You're the same age as me, aren't you?
You're the same age as me.
You're the same age as my girlfriend.
You're the same age as my son.
You're the same as always.
You're the scapegoat.
You're the second person that's said that to me today.
You're the second person to say that to me today.
You're the second person who's said that to me today.
You're the shit.
You're the shortest boy in our class.
You're the shortest boy in the class.
You're the shortest person I know.
You're the shortest woman I know.
You're the smart one.
You're the smartest and most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
You're the smartest guy I know.
You're the smartest man I know.
You're the smartest one in our class.
You're the smartest person I know.
You're the smartest person I've ever met.
You're the smartest person that I know.
You're the smartest student in our class.
You're the smartest woman I know.
You're the smartest, sexiest, most beautiful woman I've ever met.
You're the sole reason of my existence.
You're the spitting image of your mother.
You're the stingiest person I know.
You're the strange one.
You're the strangest person I know.
You're the strategy expert.
You're the strong one.
You're the strongest person I know.
You're the stubborn one here.
You're the sunshine in my life.
You're the sweetest person I've ever met.
You're the sweetest.
You're the tallest boy in our class, aren't you?
You're the tallest boy in our class.
You're the tallest boy in the class.
You're the tallest boy in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest girl in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest in your class.
You're the tallest kid in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest one in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest one.
You're the tallest person I know.
You're the tallest person here, aren't you?
You're the tallest person here.
You're the tallest woman I know.
You're the tallest.
You're the teacher's pet, aren't you?
You're the teacher's pet.
You're the teacher, aren't you?
You're the teacher.
You're the team's best scorer.
You're the type of person who does drugs.
You're the ugliest person I've ever seen.
You're the very man I want to see.
You're the very person I've been looking for.
You're the victim of a hoax.
You're the weird one.
You're the winner.
You're the woman I love.
You're the woman I wanna be with.
You're the woman I'll love for the rest of my life.
You're the woman of my dreams.
You're the woman of my life.
You're the world's best dad.
You're the worst basketball coach this team has ever had.
You're the worst cliché of the married man. And I fell for it, but that's enough.
You're the worst kind of snob.
You're the worst liar in the world.
You're the worst student in the class, aren't you?
You're the worst student in the class.
You're the worst student in this class, aren't you?
You're the worst student in this class.
You're the worst teacher ever.
You're the worst thing in my life.
You're the worst thing that ever happened to Tom.
You're the worst.
You're the writer.
You're there for good.
You're there.
You're thieves, aren't you?
You're thin.
You're thinking about Tom, aren't you?
You're thinking of Tom's sister.
You're thinking of something else.
You're thinking of unimportant things.
You're thinking only about money.
You're thinking too much.
You're thinner than Tom.
You're thirsty, I suppose.
You're thirsty, aren't you?
You're thirsty.
You're thirty minutes early, aren't you?
You're thirty minutes early.
You're thirty minutes late.
You're thirty thousand dollars in debt.
You're thirty, right?
You're thorough.
You're three centimeters taller than me.
You're three days late.
You're three hours late.
You're three inches taller than I am.
You're three inches taller than me.
You're three months older than Tom, aren't you?
You're three months older than Tom.
You're three years older than I am, aren't you?
You're three years older than I am.
You're three years older than Tom, aren't you?
You're three years older than Tom, right?
You're three years older than Tom.
You're three years older than me, aren't you?
You're three years older than me.
You're three years younger than I am.
You're three years younger than Mary.
You're three years younger than Tom and Mary are.
You're three years younger than Tom is.
You're three years younger than Tom, aren't you?
You're three years younger than Tom.
You're three years younger than me, aren't you?
You're three years younger than me.
You're through doing that, aren't you?
You're through here, aren't you?
You're through.
You're throwing away the best years of your life!
You're throwing away the best years of your life.
You're throwing away your entire life.
You're throwing those clothes away even though you have only ever worn them once? You can't be so wasteful.
You're ticklish, aren't you?
You're tidy.
You're time just ran out.
You're timid.
You're tired of not doing anything.
You're tired this evening.
You're tired tonight; come back in the morning.
You're tired, aren't you?
You're tired, aren't you? Why don't you get to bed?
You're tired, aren't you? You should sleep.
You're tired, so you must rest.
You're tired.
You're tired. I'm also tired.
You're tireless.
You're to blame for all of this.
You're to blame for the accident.
You're to blame for the failure.
You're to blame.
You're to come with me.
You're to do as I tell you.
You're to do everything that Tom tells you to do.
You're to do it at once.
You're to do your homework before supper.
You're to do your homework before you watch TV.
You're to have no further contact with Tom.
You're to stay here until 2.30.
You're to stay here until half past two.
You're to stay here until half two.
You're told to go.
You're too aggressive.
You're too arrogant.
You're too beautiful.
You're too big for her.
You're too big for your britches.
You're too big.
You're too bossy.
You're too busy.
You're too careful for your own good.
You're too clever for your own good.
You're too close.
You're too cool for this place.
You're too cowardly and shallow to debate this issue.
You're too crazy!
You're too critical of others' shortcomings.
You're too cute.
You're too cynical.
You're too direct.
You're too drunk to do that.
You're too drunk to drive home.
You're too drunk to drive.
You're too drunk.
You're too early.
You're too easily offended.
You're too emotional.
You're too fast for me, Tom. I can't keep up with you.
You're too fat, so you need to go on a diet.
You're too funny!
You're too funny.
You're too generous.
You're too good for Tom.
You're too good for her.
You're too good for him.
You're too good for me.
You're too good to me.
You're too greedy wolfing the food down.
You're too gullible.
You're too hard on me.
You're too hard on yourself.
You're too hard on yourselves.
You're too heavy for me to carry.
You're too heavy.
You're too hot-tempered.
You're too humble.
You're too idealistic.
You're too impulsive.
You're too inflexible.
You're too insistent.
You're too kind, Tom.
You're too kind.
You're too laid back.
You're too late for that.
You're too late for the course.
You're too late, Tom.
You're too late.
You're too late. Everything has already been decided.
You're too late. Everything's been sold.
You're too late. We already decided everything without you.
You're too lazy.
You're too lightly dressed.
You're too little.
You're too loud.
You're too meddling.
You're too modest.
You're too much!
You're too naive.
You're too nervous.
You're too nice.
You're too noisy.
You're too normal.
You're too old for me.
You're too old for that.
You're too old to apply for the job, aren't you?
You're too old to apply for the job.
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing, aren't you?
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.
You're too old to do that.
You're too old to play with this.
You're too old.
You're too on edge.
You're too outspoken.
You're too particular.
You're too perfect.
You're too picky.
You're too polite.
You're too proud for your own good, Tom.
You're too pushy.
You're too real to be a politician.
You're too scared to do that, aren't you?
You're too scrupulous.
You're too self-conscious.
You're too self-critical.
You're too short to do that, aren't you?
You're too shy to do that.
You're too sick to do that, aren't you?
You're too sincere to be a politician.
You're too skinny! You need to eat more.
You're too skinny.
You're too slow.
You're too small.
You're too smart for that.
You're too smart for your own good.
You're too smart to be making that kind of mistake.
You're too soft on him.
You're too squeamish.
You're too strict.
You're too strong.
You're too stubborn to see your own faults.
You're too stupid to be an atheist.
You're too stupid to do that.
You're too stupid to live.
You're too stupid!
You're too suspicious about everything.
You're too suspicious.
You're too tall.
You're too tense.
You're too thin. You ought to eat more.
You're too trusting in your infatuation, Tom. Maria is as sly as a fox.
You're too trusting.
You're too uptight, you need to loosen up every now and then.
You're too weak to do that, aren't you?
You're too weak to do that.
You're too weak.
You're too young for that.
You're too young to apply for the job.
You're too young to be dating.
You're too young to be doing that, aren't you?
You're too young to be doing that.
You're too young to be doing this kind of thing.
You're too young to be in love.
You're too young to be left alone.
You're too young to buy beer, aren't you?
You're too young to buy beer.
You're too young to buy cigarettes, aren't you?
You're too young to buy cigarettes.
You're too young to buy liquor.
You're too young to die, my friend.
You're too young to die.
You're too young to do that by yourself, aren't you?
You're too young to do that by yourself.
You're too young to do that yet.
You're too young to do that.
You're too young to drink beer, aren't you?
You're too young to drink beer.
You're too young to drink quentão.
You're too young to drink.
You're too young to drive a car, aren't you?
You're too young to drive a car.
You're too young to get a driver's license, aren't you?
You're too young to get a driver's license.
You're too young to get married, aren't you?
You're too young to get married.
You're too young to go there alone, aren't you?
You're too young to go there alone.
You're too young to go there by yourself, aren't you?
You're too young to go there by yourself.
You're too young to go to school.
You're too young to have alcohol.
You're too young to join the army, aren't you?
You're too young to join the army.
You're too young to know what a slide rule is.
You're too young to live alone.
You're too young to live by yourself.
You're too young to love.
You're too young to marry.
You're too young to remember the nineties, aren't you?
You're too young to remember the nineties.
You're too young to retire, aren't you?
You're too young to retire.
You're too young to see this movie.
You're too young to travel alone.
You're too young to travel by yourself.
You're too young to understand such things.
You're too young to understand.
You're too young to watch this movie.
You're too young to worry about cellulite.
You're too young.
You're totally brain damaged.
You're totally ignorant.
You're totally out of your mind.
You're totally right.
You're totally useless.
You're touching me.
You're touchy.
You're tough but fair.
You're tough on us.
You're tough, aren't you?
You're tough.
You're trapped.
You're trapped. Surrender!
You're trash!
You're treacherous.
You're treading on thin ice.
You're trespassing a private property.
You're trespassing here.
You're trespassing on private property.
You're truly despicable!
You're truly going to enjoy that.
You're truly impolite.
You're truly odious!
You're trusted by every one of us.
You're trustworthy.
You're truthful.
You're trying my patience.
You're trying to blackmail me.
You're trying to compare apples and oranges.
You're trying to confuse me, aren't you?
You're trying to confuse me.
You're trying to confuse the issue.
You're trying to exploit the situation.
You're trying to fool me.
You're trying to juggle too many things at once.
You're trying to kill me.
You're trying to make people hate you, but it's not going to work.
You're trying to pray.
You're trying to provoke me into putting my hands on you.
You're trying to ruin my future, and I won't let you.
You're trying to ruin my life.
You're trying to take advantage of the situation.
You're trying to trick me, aren't you?
You're trying to trick me.
You're trying too hard.
You're trying way too hard and you're overdoing it with your fake sincerity.
You're trying way too hard.
You're trying.
You're turning fourteen this year.
You're turning into a chicken.
You're turning red.
You're turning thirty, aren't you?
You're turning thirty.
You're twice as big as Tom.
You're twice as heavy as I am.
You're twice as heavy as me.
You're twice as old as I am.
You're twice as old as Tom.
You're twice as old as me.
You're twice as smart as anyone else in the room.
You're twice as strong as I am.
You're twice as strong as me.
You're twisted.
You're twisting my words around, you're making it sound like I mishandled the situation, which cannot be further from the truth.
You're twisting my words.
You're twisting the truth.
You're two years younger than I.
You're two-faced.
You're typing so fast!
You're ugly, but I love you anyway.
You're ugly.
You're ugly... but I love you.
You're unable to be serious.
You're unambitious.
You're unapproachable.
You're unaware of my situation.
You're unbelievable!
You're unbelievable.
You're unbelievably stupid.
You're unbiased.
You're uncomfortable, aren't you?
You're unconvinced, aren't you?
You're undependable.
You're under arrest for armed robbery.
You're under arrest for attempted kidnapping.
You're under arrest for cheating.
You're under arrest for endangering the welfare of a minor.
You're under arrest for house-breaking and theft.
You're under arrest for murder.
You're under arrest for obstructing justice.
You're under arrest for the murder of Tom Jackson.
You're under arrest for trespassing.
You're under arrest!
You're under arrest.
You're under investigation.
You're under my protection.
You're under no obligation to do that.
You're under the legal limit.
You're undermining your son's self-esteem.
You're undoubtedly the best player on the team.
You're undoubtedly the best swimmer here.
You're unemotional.
You're unemployed, aren't you?
You're unemployed.
You're unenthusiastic.
You're unethical.
You're unfair to her.
You're unfair.
You're unfit to be a teacher.
You're unforgettable.
You're unfriendly.
You're unhappy about it, aren't you?
You're unhappy, aren't you?
You're unimaginative.
You're uninsured.
You're uninteresting.
You're unique and unrepeatable.
You're unique in my eyes.
You're unique to me.
You're unkind.
You're unlikely to find that word in a dictionary this small.
You're unlikely to find that word in such a small dictionary.
You're unlikely to like this.
You're unlucky, aren't you?
You're unlucky.
You're unmarried, aren't you?
You're unnecessary.
You're unoriginal.
You're unpleasant.
You're unpredictable.
You're unqualified for that job.
You're unreal.
You're unreliable.
You're unscrupulous.
You're unsophisticated.
You're untalented.
You're untrustworthy.
You're unusual.
You're unusually quiet today.
You're unusually talkative tonight.
You're up bright and early.
You're up early today!
You're up early today.
You're up early!
You're up early, aren't you?
You're up early.
You're up for a promotion, aren't you?
You're up for a promotion.
You're up for promotion.
You're up late, aren't you?
You're up late.
You're up next, Tom.
You're up to something, aren't you?
You're up to something.
You're up very early this morning. Do you have something to do?
You're upset and you have every right to be.
You're upset for nothing.
You're upset with me, aren't you?
You're upset, aren't you?
You're upset.
You're upsetting Tom.
You're upsetting her.
You're upsetting him.
You're upsetting me!
You're upsetting them.
You're used to doing that, aren't you?
You're used to that, aren't you?
You're useless!
You're useless.
You're using me in your art like this without consulting me?
You're using that dictionary as a crutch. You don't really need it.
You're using the Toki Pona book!
You're using the word incorrectly.
You're usually as tough as nails.
You're usually busier than I am.
You're usually busier than me.
You're usually not this disorganized.
You're usually quite observant.
You're usually quite organized.
You're usually quite patient.
You're usually so optimistic.
You're utterly bonkers.
You're vague.
You're vain.
You're valiant.
You're valid.
You're very absent-minded.
You're very adventurous.
You're very affectionate.
You're very aggressive.
You're very alert.
You're very ambitious.
You're very angry.
You're very annoying.
You're very arrogant.
You're very articulate.
You're very astute.
You're very attentive.
You're very attractive in blue.
You're very attractive.
You're very beautiful.
You're very boring.
You're very bossy.
You're very brave, aren't you?
You're very brave.
You're very busy, aren't you?
You're very busy.
You're very calm.
You're very careless.
You're very clean.
You're very clever, aren't you?
You're very clever.
You're very close now.
You're very compassionate.
You're very competitive, aren't you?
You're very competitive.
You're very confident, aren't you?
You're very conscientious.
You're very conservative, aren't you?
You're very conservative.
You're very considerate.
You're very courageous.
You're very creative.
You're very curious.
You're very cute.
You're very dear to me.
You're very dejected.
You're very different from us.
You're very difficult to get along with.
You're very direct.
You're very dirty.
You're very disobedient.
You're very disorganized.
You're very distinguished-looking.
You're very domineering.
You're very drunk.
You're very early this morning.
You're very early.
You're very easy to talk to.
You're very easy to work with.
You're very efficient.
You're very eloquent.
You're very emotional.
You're very energetic.
You're very fast at putting my sentences there.
You're very fast, aren't you?
You're very fast.
You're very flexible.
You're very flirtatious.
You're very fortunate to have such a good job.
You're very fortunate to have such a wonderful imam.
You're very fortunate to have such a wonderful mosque.
You're very fortunate to have such good friends.
You're very fortunate.
You're very forward.
You're very friendly.
You're very funny.
You're very generous.
You're very good at French, aren't you?
You're very good at changing the subject.
You're very good at chess, aren't you?
You're very good at doing that, aren't you?
You're very good at doing that.
You're very good at drawing.
You're very good at playing the tuba, aren't you?
You're very good at playing the violin.
You're very good at sewing.
You're very good at speaking French, aren't you?
You're very good at sports, aren't you?
You're very good at swimming, aren't you?
You're very good at swimming.
You're very good at that, aren't you?
You're very good at that.
You're very good at this.
You're very good at what you do.
You're very good at your studies in English.
You're very good to me.
You're very good together.
You're very good with children.
You're very good with people.
You're very good, aren't you?
You're very good-looking.
You're very good-natured.
You're very good.
You're very good... for a girl.
You're very gracious.
You're very greedy.
You're very gullible.
You're very handsome.
You're very hard to get along with.
You're very hard to please.
You're very hard to understand.
You're very hardworking.
You're very heavy!
You're very helpful.
You're very honest.
You're very humble.
You're very ignorant.
You're very imaginative, Tom.
You're very imaginative.
You're very important to Tom.
You're very important to me.
You're very important to us.
You're very impressionable.
You're very incompetent.
You're very inconsiderate.
You're very independent, aren't you?
You're very independent.
You're very industrious.
You're very inflexible.
You're very insightful.
You're very intelligent.
You're very interesting to talk with.
You're very interesting.
You're very joyful.
You're very kind to me.
You're very kind, Tom.
You're very kind, but I won't bother you any longer. I'd better go.
You're very kind, sir.
You're very kind.
You're very late, aren't you?
You're very late.
You're very lazy.
You're very likely to succeed.
You're very likely wrong about that.
You're very lonely.
You're very lucky to be alive.
You're very lucky to have a home like this.
You're very lucky to have friends like that.
You're very lucky to have such a handsome son.
You're very lucky, you know! Such a thing happens only once in a lifetime.
You're very lucky.
You're very masculine.
You're very materialistic.
You're very mature for your age.
You're very methodical, aren't you?
You're very methodical.
You're very modest.
You're very much like her.
You're very much like him.
You're very naive.
You're very nice, Tom.
You're very nice.
You're very noisy.
You're very observant, aren't you?
You're very observant.
You're very old-fashioned.
You're very open.
You're very organized.
You're very original.
You're very outgoing.
You're very particular, aren't you?
You're very passionate about your work.
You're very patient, so why are you being so unreasonable about waiting ten more minutes?
You're very patient.
You're very patriotic, aren't you?
You're very perceptive, aren't you?
You're very perceptive.
You're very persistent, aren't you?
You're very persistent.
You're very persuasive.
You're very pessimistic.
You're very philosophical.
You're very photogenic.
You're very polite.
You're very possessive, aren't you?
You're very possessive.
You're very pretty when you smile.
You're very pretty!
You're very pretty.
You're very quick with rejoinders again today.
You're very quiet today.
You're very quiet.
You're very racist to Asian people.
You're very racist to black people.
You're very religious, aren't you?
You're very resilient.
You're very resourceful.
You're very rich, aren't you?
You're very romantic, aren't you?
You're very romantic.
You're very rude.
You're very scary.
You're very sceptical.
You're very selfish.
You're very sexy.
You're very sharp.
You're very short.
You're very shy, aren't you?
You're very shy.
You're very sick.
You're very similar to her.
You're very similar to him.
You're very skeptical.
You're very skinny.
You're very slow.
You're very sly.
You're very smart and clever.
You're very smart.
You're very sophisticated.
You're very special to me.
You're very strong, aren't you?
You're very strong.
You're very stylish today.
You're very stylish.
You're very successful.
You're very sweet sometimes.
You're very sweet.
You're very sympathetic.
You're very talented, don't give up.
You're very talented.
You're very talkative tonight.
You're very talkative, aren't you?
You're very tall.
You're very thin.
You're very thoughtful, thank you for the gift.
You're very thoughtful.
You're very timid.
You're very ugly.
You're very understanding.
You're very unpredictable.
You're very unusual.
You're very upset.
You're very versatile.
You're very very young and unfortunately really dumb.
You're very wealthy, aren't you?
You're very welcome here.
You're very well prepared.
You're very well respected.
You're very white.
You're very wise, Tom.
You're very wise.
You're very worried about me.
You're very young to have a Facebook account.
You're very young.
You're very, very lucky.
You're vicious monsters unworthy of your alleged humanity.
You're violating my civil rights.
You're violating the law.
You're visiting a factory tomorrow, aren't you?
You're vulgar.
You're vulnerable right now.
You're vulnerable.
You're waiting for Tom, aren't you?
You're waiting for her.
You're waiting for him.
You're waiting for them.
You're waking up quite early today. Do you have something?
You're walking down the street.
You're walking in.
You're walking on thin ice.
You're walking slowly.
You're walking to the ocean.
You're walking too fast.
You're walking with no known destination.
You're walking.
You're wandering.
You're wanted by the police.
You're wanted in the boardroom.
You're wanted in the kitchen.
You're wanted in the principal's office.
You're wanted on the phone, Tom. It's Mary.
You're wanted on the phone.
You're wanted on the phone. It's from Tom.
You're wanted on the telephone.
You're wanting to exchange your car for a more modern one.
You're warm and generous.
You're warm.
You're washing laundry for me.
You're washing my dog.
You're washing my laundry.
You're washing your dog.
You're washing your feet
You're wasteful.
You're wasting a lot of water.
You're wasting ammo.
You're wasting ammunition.
You're wasting both of our time.
You're wasting money.
You're wasting my time.
You're wasting our time.
You're wasting precious time and energy.
You're wasting precious time.
You're wasting time.
You're wasting too much water.
You're wasting water.
You're wasting your breath.
You're wasting your effort.
You're wasting your energy. Your complaint is groundless.
You're wasting your money and my time.
You're wasting your money.
You're wasting your own time.
You're wasting your talent.
You're wasting your time and ours.
You're wasting your time looking at his picture all day.
You're wasting your time trying to convince Tom.
You're wasting your time trying to convince him.
You're wasting your time with Fadil.
You're wasting your time with all this needless repetition, so spare us the long-winded explanation.
You're wasting your time with me.
You're wasting your time writing that book.
You're wasting your time.
You're watching AnnoZero, eh?
You're watching TV all the time.
You're watching Tatoeba TV.
You're watching a film.
You're watching him too?
You're watching me.
You're watching the idiot box again instead of doing your homework!
You're watching too much TV.
You're watching.
You're way ahead of us.
You're way better looking than I am.
You're way faster than I am.
You're way faster than me, aren't you?
You're way faster than me.
You're way more experienced than I am, aren't you?
You're way more experienced than I am.
You're way more experienced than me.
You're way more valuable than you understand.
You're way off the mark.
You're way off track.
You're way out of line here.
You're way out of line, buddy.
You're way out of line.
You're way out of my league.
You're way smarter than I am.
You're way smarter than me.
You're way taller than Tom.
You're way too drunk.
You're way too excited about this.
You're way too good for Tom.
You're way too good for her.
You're way too good for him.
You're way too good for me.
You're way too good for them.
You're way too late.
You're way too old to be doing this, aren't you?
You're way too old to be doing this.
You're way too pessimistic.
You're way younger than I am, aren't you?
You're way younger than I am.
You're way younger than Tom.
You're way younger than me.
You're ways too uptight about sex.
You're weak.
You're wealthy, aren't you?
You're wealthy.
You're wearing a different color dress than you usually do.
You're wearing a handsome tie.
You're wearing a smart tie.
You're wearing a very expensive-looking watch.
You're wearing a wig, aren't you?
You're wearing an expensive-looking pair of shoes.
You're wearing an odd cap, aren't you?
You're wearing eyeliner, aren't you?
You're wearing me out.
You're wearing my hat.
You're wearing my pajamas, aren't you?
You're wearing my pajamas.
You're wearing my shirt, Tom.
You're wearing my shoes, aren't you?
You're wearing my shoes.
You're wearing my sunglasses.
You're wearing odd socks.
You're wearing out my patience!
You're wearing short sleeves... aren't you cold?
You're wearing the clothes you wore yesterday.
You're wearing the ring Tom gave you, aren't you?
You're wearing the same clothes you were wearing yesterday, aren't you?
You're wearing the same socks as mine.
You're wearing the wrong shoes.
You're wearing too much perfume.
You're wearing your T-shirt inside out.
You're wearing your shirt inside out.
You're wearing your socks inside out.
You're wearing your sweater inside out.
You're weird - I like you.
You're weird.
You're weird. I haven't helped you at all yet and you're calling me a "genius".
You're welcome back anytime.
You're welcome by the way.
You're welcome here any time you like.
You're welcome here any time.
You're welcome here anytime, Tom.
You're welcome in our home you know but your friends aren't.
You're welcome to accompany us.
You're welcome to any book in my library.
You're welcome to borrow my car.
You're welcome to come again.
You're welcome to come along.
You're welcome to come back anytime.
You're welcome to come inside.
You're welcome to come over.
You're welcome to come with me to Boston.
You're welcome to come with us if you want to.
You're welcome to come with us if you want.
You're welcome to do anything you like.
You're welcome to give it a try.
You're welcome to join me if you want.
You're welcome to join me.
You're welcome to join us if you want to.
You're welcome to join us if you want.
You're welcome to join us.
You're welcome to move back in with us.
You're welcome to move back to Boston.
You're welcome to ride along with us, if you want.
You're welcome to sleep here if you want.
You're welcome to stay as long as you want.
You're welcome to stay behind.
You're welcome to stay for dinner.
You're welcome to stay here with us.
You're welcome to stay here.
You're welcome to stay with us as long as you want.
You're welcome to stay.
You're welcome to take pictures.
You're welcome to visit at any time.
You're welcome to visit our mosque.
You're welcome to wait here.
You're welcome to wait.
You're welcome to watch.
You're welcome to write to me.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, Adam.
You're welcome, I'd love to help you.
You're welcome, Sofia!
You're welcome, Tom.
You're welcome, dear!
You're welcome, it was nothing.
You're welcome.
You're well in there, Tom!
You're well liked by the managers.
You're well organized.
You're well paid, aren't you?
You're well, I imagine!
You're well-spoken.
You're well.
You're well?
You're wet through.
You're wet.
You're whacked out.
You're what I want most.
You're what?
You're where you should be.
You're whining.
You're white as a ghost. Are you sick?
You're white as a sheet.
You're who I need now.
You're who I've been looking for.
You're who I've been waiting for.
You're who we've been waiting for.
You're wicked.
You're wide of the mark.
You're willing to do that, aren't you?
You're wimps!
You're winding me up, aren't you?
You're winning, aren't you?
You're winning.
You're wise.
You're wiser than you know.
You're with Coach Jackson today.
You're with Tom now, aren't you?
You're with Tom, aren't you?
You're with friends.
You're with her, aren't you?
You're with him, aren't you?
You're with me, OK?
You're with me, aren't you?
You're with me, but I don't own you.
You're with me.
You're with us now.
You're within your rights.
You're witty.
You're wonderful people.
You're wonderful.
You're wonderful. I couldn't have done it without you.
You're wondering who I am, aren't you?
You're wondering why I did it, aren't you?
You're wondering why I did that, aren't you?
You're wondering why Tom did that, aren't you?
You're working all of the time.
You're working for yourself, aren't you?
You're working hard today.
You're working hard, eh. But don't push yourself too hard.
You're working hard.
You're working late tonight, aren't you?
You're working part-time, aren't you?
You're working part-time, right?
You're working too hard.
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You're working with a jerk.
You're worn out.
You're worried about Tom, aren't you?
You're worried for nothing.
You're worried!
You're worried, aren't you?
You're worried.
You're worried. I can tell.
You're worrying too much.
You're worrying way too much.
You're worse than I am.
You're worse than I thought.
You're worse than Tom.
You're worse than both Tom and Mary.
You're worse than everyone else.
You're worse than her.
You're worse than him.
You're worse than your brother.
You're worth gold.
You're worth it.
You're worth less than nothing.
You're worth more than that.
You're worth the effort.
You're worthless.
You're worthy of love.
You're wounded.
You're writing to your uncle.
You're writing.
You're wrong about Tom.
You're wrong about her.
You're wrong about him.
You're wrong about me.
You're wrong about that.
You're wrong about them.
You're wrong about this.
You're wrong about us.
You're wrong again.
You're wrong and you know it.
You're wrong because I said so, and that's final.
You're wrong if you think Tom would do anything for you.
You're wrong if you think that Tom would do anything for you.
You're wrong in some respects.
You're wrong in this case.
You're wrong not to trust Tom.
You're wrong to take me for a fool.
You're wrong to take me for an idiot.
You're wrong when you say he's not right.
You're wrong, Tom.
You're wrong, as usual.
You're wrong, professor.
You're wrong, so don't shout.
You're wrong, though.
You're wrong, you know.
You're wrong.
You're wrong. I'm not pessimistic, but sceptical.
You're wrong. That isn't what I said.
You're wrong. That's not the case.
You're wrong. That's not what I said.
You're wrong. Tom plays the clarinet, not the saxophone.
You're yawning.
You're yellow.
You're you and I'm me.
You're you.
You're young and energetic.
You're young and foolish.
You're young and healthy.
You're young and inexperienced.
You're young and naive.
You're young and single.
You're young and strong.
You're young and unfamiliar with the world.
You're young.
You're young. You have your whole life ahead of you.
You're young; you can't retire.
You're younger than Tom, aren't you?
You're younger than Tom.
You're younger than me, aren't you?
You're younger than me.
You're younger than the rest of us here.
You're your own boss.
You're your own worst enemy.
You've a different sense of time from me. What's the point of hurrying if you don't have an objective or destination? Your thinking even affects your sexual behaviour.
You've a lot of work to do.
You've abused my trust.
You've accomplished a great deal.
You've accomplished nothing.
You've achieved a lot.
You've acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
You've adapted to the cold.
You've added too much pepper.
You've aggravated the situation.
You've all been a great help to me, and for that I'm truly grateful.
You've all been part of a valuable and worthwhile cause.
You've all been so nice to me.
You've all done well.
You've all gone mad.
You've all seen the photos, haven't you?
You've all underestimated Tom.
You've all underestimated her.
You've all underestimated him.
You've all underestimated them.
You've almost convinced me to stay for another week.
You've almost convinced me to stay for one more week.
You've almost got it.
You've already beaten me six times.
You've already been diagnosed with sluggish schizophrenia.
You've already been through a lot.
You've already been to Berlin.
You've already been working for two hours.
You've already begun.
You've already bought one, haven't you?
You've already convinced me.
You've already decided not to go, haven't you?
You've already decided to go swimming, haven't you?
You've already decided to leave early, haven't you?
You've already decided to quit, haven't you?
You've already destroyed my career and my reputation. What else do you want?
You've already done enough for him.
You've already done enough.
You've already done it more times.
You've already done more than enough.
You've already done so much.
You've already done that.
You've already done the hard part.
You've already drunk mummy's milk. Don't cry, please go sleepy-sleep.
You've already drunk too much.
You've already eaten a piece of cake, haven't you?
You've already eaten cake.
You've already eaten lunch, haven't you?
You've already eaten the cake.
You've already eaten the cake?
You've already eaten!
You've already endured enough pain.
You've already explained that.
You've already forgotten, I'm sure.
You've already forgotten.
You've already given me enough money.
You've already given yourself away.
You've already got a job.
You've already graduated, haven't you?
You've already had breakfast, haven't you?
You've already had cake.
You've already had enough to drink.
You've already had three cups of coffee.
You've already heard this song.
You've already helped Tom a lot.
You've already made it crystal clear who you are and what your agenda is.
You've already made your decision, haven't you?
You've already met Tom, haven't you?
You've already paid Tom back, haven't you?
You've already paid us.
You've already peed five times.
You've already read the book?
You've already read this book, haven't you?
You've already read this book, right?
You've already ruined my day.
You've already said that several times.
You've already said that three times.
You've already said that.
You've already said too much.
You've already seen it, I think.
You've already sung that song three times tonight.
You've already thanked me.
You've already told me how you feel.
You've already told me that.
You've already told me this several times.
You've already told me this story.
You've already told me what I wanted to know.
You've already told me what you plan to do.
You've already told us this.
You've already told us.
You've already tried doing that several countless billions of times, and yet I need to remind you that it never works.
You've already tried doing that, haven't you?
You've already won.
You've always been a bad liar.
You've always been a good cook.
You've always been a good person.
You've always been a little cracked.
You've always been a quiet person.
You've always been a very easy person to get along with.
You've always been a vulgar guy.
You've always been competitive.
You've always been easy to get along with.
You've always been fun to hang out with.
You've always been lucky.
You've always been mad.
You've always been my go-to person.
You've always been nice to us.
You've always been smart. It's not something new.
You've always been so good to me.
You've always been so kind to me.
You've always been so nice to me.
You've always been standing by me.
You've always been stubborn as a mule.
You've always been that way.
You've always been there for me.
You've always been unabashed in your optimism.
You've always been very good to me.
You've always been very helpful.
You've always been weak.
You've always complained that we don't take enough interest in your business.
You've always got an excuse.
You've always got to be ready for an emergency.
You've always grossed me out, skin deep.
You've always had an advantage.
You've always had problems with Tom.
You've always hated me.
You've always helped me.
You've always known that eventually everyone would find out.
You've always known that it is impossible for me.
You've always known this would eventually happen.
You've always known what I can't do.
You've always liked Tom, haven't you?
You've always loved Tom, haven't you?
You've always meant a lot to me.
You've always missed my essence.
You've always supported me, and I'm thankful for that.
You've always supported me.
You've always underestimated Tom.
You've answered my question.
You've answered your own question.
You've aroused my interest.
You've arrived a bit late.
You've arrived just in time.
You've arrived too early.
You've arrived too late.
You've arrived very early.
You've asked Tom not to do that, haven't you?
You've asked a question, and now you're answering it yourself.
You've asked a question, but now you're answering it yourself.
You've asked a very good question.
You've asked me that three times already.
You've asked me.
You've assessed the situation perfectly.
You've barely moved all day.
You've barely said a word all morning.
You've barely said a word all night.
You've barely touched your soup.
You've beaten me six times.
You've become a beautiful woman.
You've become a big boy now.
You've become a drunk.
You've become a great asset to the company.
You've become a pain to the rest of us.
You've become a thought leader in the whole corporate-governance space.
You've become a very beautiful woman.
You've become better.
You've become lazy.
You've become less competent.
You've become my rock, my pillar of strength. Without you, I would crumble under the weight of life's challenges.
You've become old and stubborn.
You've become the embodiment of everything I despise.
You've become the missing piece in the puzzle of my life. Without you, it would forever remain incomplete.
You've become too skinny.
You've become unhirable.
You've become very cute.
You've been a bad boy, haven't you?
You've been a bad dog.
You've been a big help.
You've been a good audience.
You've been a good friend.
You've been a good listener. Thank you.
You've been a good sport.
You've been a great audience.
You've been a great guest.
You've been a great help already.
You've been a great help to our family.
You've been a great help to us.
You've been a great help to your family.
You've been a great help.
You've been a lot of help.
You've been a naughty boy.
You've been a very bad boy.
You've been a very naughty boy.
You've been able to do what you want, haven't you?
You've been absent a lot lately.
You've been absent a lot recently.
You've been acting weird today.
You've been amazingly tolerant.
You've been an enormous help.
You've been an inspiration to us all.
You've been asked to leave.
You've been asking the wrong kind of questions.
You've been asking too many questions.
You've been at it for hours.
You've been at the station.
You've been at this for hours.
You've been avoiding her a lot lately. Why?
You've been avoiding him a lot lately. Why?
You've been avoiding me all day.
You've been avoiding me.
You've been away all these years.
You've been away for a long time.
You've been beaten pretty bad.
You've been blacklisted.
You've been blessed.
You've been brainwashed.
You've been busy, haven't you?
You've been camping out ever since you came over here? Must have been terrible.
You've been candid with me, so I'll be candid with you.
You've been captured. Surrender!
You've been careless about your health.
You've been careless, haven't you?
You've been causing problems.
You've been cheating on me with this dick.
You've been cleared of all charges.
You've been coming home early lately, haven't you?
You've been commuting between New York and Ohio every day?
You've been complaining all day.
You've been convicted.
You've been correctly informed.
You've been creating problems.
You've been crying again, haven't you?
You've been crying, haven't you?
You've been dating him for about a year now.
You've been deceived.
You've been demoted.
You've been depressed before and gotten through it.
You've been disappointed.
You've been disloyal, Tom.
You've been doing a good job.
You've been doing a great job.
You've been doing a pretty good job so far.
You've been doing that the wrong way.
You've been doing that wrong.
You've been double dipping.
You've been drinking again, haven't you?
You've been drinking again.
You've been drinking, haven't you?
You've been drinking, so I'll drive.
You've been drinking.
You've been driving since midnight, so let me drive.
You've been drugged.
You've been expelled.
You've been following me, haven't you?
You've been following me. Why?
You've been following us, haven't you?
You've been forewarned.
You've been forgotten.
You've been fortunate, haven't you?
You've been found guilty of aiding and abetting the enemy.
You've been found partly responsible.
You've been gathering wood.
You've been given a lot of leeway so far.
You've been given a second chance.
You've been gone a long time.
You've been gone for so long, and I can't remember what you look like.
You've been gone for so long.
You've been gone for so many years.
You've been gone over three hours. Where were you?
You've been gone too long.
You've been good soldiers.
You've been good to us.
You've been great.
You've been hacked.
You've been had.
You've been hanging around Tom too long.
You've been hanging out with Tom too long.
You've been hearing me say it's a rigged system, but now I don't say it anymore because I won. It's true. Now I don't care.
You've been helpful.
You've been helping me out.
You've been here a long time, haven't you?
You've been here all night, haven't you?
You've been here before, haven't you?
You've been here for five hours.
You've been here for three hours.
You've been here way too long.
You've been high on drugs since you were born.
You've been holding back.
You've been holding out on me.
You've been honest with me, so I'll be honest with you.
You've been hurt.
You've been ignoring your health needs.
You've been ill ever since you chose to work nights.
You've been in Australia too long.
You've been in Australia way too long.
You've been in Boston too long.
You've been in Boston way too long.
You've been in a coma for three years, Tom.
You've been in a good mood all morning.
You've been in an accident, but you're going to be all right.
You've been in contact with Tom, haven't you?
You've been infected.
You've been injured before, haven't you?
You've been injured.
You've been keeping pretty busy.
You've been keeping something from me.
You've been kinda sad; what's bothering you?
You've been kissed, haven't you?
You've been late for school more often than before.
You've been letting Cookie act like the alpha dog.
You've been letting me win, haven't you?
You've been living alone for too long.
You've been living in Australia too long.
You've been living in Boston too long.
You've been lonely a long time, haven't you, Tom?
You've been looking at your drink all night. Why don't you drink it?
You've been looking for them in at-ali-mhend.
You've been looking for them in berlin for a minute.
You've been looking strung out these past weeks.
You've been luckier than me.
You've been luckier than most people.
You've been lucky so far.
You've been lying about everything, haven't you?
You've been lying to me all this time, haven't you?
You've been making acquaintances.
You've been making too many mistakes lately.
You've been making too many mistakes recently.
You've been making too many mistakes.
You've been manipulating me all along.
You've been manipulating me.
You've been married a long time.
You've been missed.
You've been missing from my life for a long time.
You've been more than enough help.
You've been more than helpful.
You've been most helpful.
You've been my friend for a long time.
You've been paid, haven't you?
You've been paid.
You've been paroled.
You've been pestering me for half an hour already.
You've been playing.
You've been practicing, haven't you?
You've been pretty busy, haven't you?
You've been pretty busy.
You've been pretty quiet today.
You've been properly led up the garden path.
You've been putting in so much effort, you're allowed to take a break, my cute neko boy.
You've been pwned.
You've been quiet, what's up?
You've been quite helpful.
You've been really decent to me.
You've been really good to me.
You've been really helpful.
You've been removed from the list.
You've been right all along.
You've been right so far.
You've been robbed.
You've been running around a lot lately.
You've been running.
You've been safe for a long time now.
You've been screwing with them.
You've been selected.
You've been served.
You've been shopping, haven't you?
You've been shopping.
You've been singing that same stupid song for three days.
You've been sitting here all afternoon. Are you waiting for someone?
You've been sitting there too long.
You've been sleeping for hours and hours.
You've been slow.
You've been smoking a lot lately.
You've been so bright since early morning today.
You've been so good to me.
You've been so good to us.
You've been so kind to me.
You've been so kind.
You've been so nice to me.
You've been so understanding.
You've been spotted.
You've been spying on me.
You've been staring at that screen all day long!
You've been stealing from me.
You've been studying this problem for a while. What do you think the solution is?
You've been suspended.
You've been swimming.
You've been taken off the list.
You've been taking too many risks.
You've been taking way too many chances.
You've been talking on the phone for an hour.
You've been talking to me for so long, don't you know my name?!
You've been telling lies.
You've been the best dog one could desire!
You've been there before, haven't you?
You've been there, haven't you?
You've been there.
You've been thinking about me, haven't you?
You've been thinking about this problem all morning. Take a break and have lunch.
You've been thinking over the problem all morning, take a break and go have lunch.
You've been through a lot, haven't you?
You've been through a lot.
You've been to Australia before, haven't you?
You've been to Australia, haven't you?
You've been to Boston before, haven't you?
You've been to Boston, haven't you?
You've been to London three times.
You've been told not to do that.
You've been told the same thing everybody else has been told.
You've been told this many times.
You've been told.
You've been too rough on us.
You've been tortured.
You've been trained.
You've been trying to protect yourself.
You've been under a spell.
You've been unlucky, haven't you?
You've been unusually quiet.
You've been up all night, haven't you?
You've been up to mischief again!
You've been very busy this week.
You've been very clear about that.
You've been very convincing.
You've been very good to me.
You've been very good to them.
You've been very good.
You've been very helpful.
You've been very kind to Tom.
You've been very kind to me.
You've been very kind.
You've been very mean to Tom.
You've been very mean to me.
You've been very naughty.
You've been very nice about it.
You've been very nice to me.
You've been very obnoxious.
You've been very quiet.
You've been very quiet. What's the matter?
You've been very supportive.
You've been waiting all morning.
You've been waiting for over three hours.
You've been waiting for this, haven't you?
You've been walking in your sleep.
You've been warned about this.
You've been warned more than once before.
You've been warned more than once.
You've been warned twice.
You've been warned.
You've been watching too many sitcoms.
You've been watching too much anime.
You've been well lately?
You've been well paid.
You've been wonderful.
You've been working a lot these days. Aren't you tired?
You've been working hard.
You've been working on that book forever.
You've been working out, haven't you?
You've been working too hard.
You've been working too much.
You've been yawning for the past hour.
You've betrayed me.
You've betrayed the trust I placed in you.
You've betrayed us again.
You've betrayed us all.
You've betrayed us.
You've betrayed your family.
You've bitten off more than you can chew.
You've blocked me on Facebook, and now you suddenly disappear.
You've both been very helpful.
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
You've both done very well.
You've bothered him.
You've bought a car, haven't you?
You've bought a new car, haven't you?
You've bought more postage stamps than are necessary.
You've bought more stamps than necessary.
You've bought more stamps than needed.
You've bought new loudspeakers.
You've bought something for Mary.
You've bought us some time.
You've brightened my day.
You've broken my heart.
You've broken our pact.
You've broken the glasses.
You've broken the law.
You've broken the taboo.
You've broken your arm.
You've brought this on yourself.
You've caught me off guard.
You've caught the thief.
You've caused me to lose my temper.
You've caused problems.
You've certainly been busy.
You've certainly been hoping for my love, but until now it has been flatly denied.
You've certainly outdone Tom.
You've certainly outdone her.
You've certainly outdone him.
You've changed a lot lately.
You've changed a lot recently.
You've changed a lot since I first met you.
You've changed a lot since I last saw you.
You've changed a lot since I've seen you.
You've changed a lot since the last time I saw you.
You've changed a lot since we last spoke.
You've changed a lot!
You've changed a lot.
You've changed more than I thought.
You've changed much.
You've changed my life!
You've changed since I saw you last year.
You've changed since then.
You've changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
You've changed so much that I didn't recognize you at first.
You've changed so much that I hardly recognized you.
You've changed so much.
You've changed your mind, haven't you?
You've changed, Tom.
You've changed, and not for the better.
You've changed.
You've changed. I didn't even recognise you at first.
You've changed. I didn't even recognize you at first.
You've chosen a good time to visit Australia.
You've chosen a good time to visit Boston.
You've chosen a nice color paint for your room.
You've chosen a really good time to come to Kashgar.
You've chosen correctly.
You've chosen the right direction.
You've chosen the wrong man to pick a fight with.
You've chosen the wrong time to tell me that you need a loan.
You've chosen well.
You've cleaned your feet.
You've cleaned your shoes, haven't you?
You've clearly got a lot of time on your hands.
You've climbed up to the top of the mountain.
You've come a long way in a short time.
You've come a long way, Tom.
You've come a long way.
You've come at a bad time.
You've come at a good time.
You've come at just the right moment.
You've come at the right time.
You've come back to be with Tom, haven't you?
You've come back.
You've come back?
You've come just in time.
You've come to look a lot like your father.
You've come to the right place.
You've come to the right spot.
You've come to the wrong house if you're here to start criticizing me.
You've come too early.
You've come too far. Turn around and go back about three kilometers, and then turn left.
You've come up in the world since the last time I saw you.
You've completely confused me.
You've completely confused the situation.
You've completely made up past conversations with me in your head.
You've complicated my plans.
You've confused Shaban with Ramadan!
You've confused him.
You've confused me.
You've confused the students.
You've conquered his heart.
You've convinced me I was wrong.
You've convinced me that I was wrong.
You've convinced me.
You've covered your bases well.
You've created a hostile environment.
You've created problems.
You've crossed a line, and now I'm going to show you the true meaning of agony.
You've crossed the line, Tom.
You've cut down a tree.
You've cut my hair too short.
You've deceived me before.
You've decided not to do that, haven't you?
You've decided to take the job, haven't you?
You've defeated Tom.
You've defeated her.
You've defeated him.
You've defeated me.
You've defeated them.
You've defeated us.
You've definitely astonished me.
You've definitely gotten better at French.
You've definitely gotten stronger.
You've definitely improved.
You've dialed the wrong number.
You've dialled the wrong number.
You've disappointed me a lot.
You've disappointed me more than anyone else ever.
You've disappointed me.
You've disappointed us.
You've discovered my secret.
You've disgraced yourself.
You've disturbed him.
You've done a brilliant job.
You've done a fine job. Now go and rest. Tomorrow will be a long day.
You've done a good deed.
You've done a good job here.
You've done a good job of that.
You've done a good job so far.
You've done a good job, Jamal.
You've done a good job, Tom.
You've done a good job.
You've done a great job.
You've done a lot already.
You've done a lot for us already.
You've done a lot of good.
You've done a lot of talking.
You've done a lot of us, Mennad.
You've done a lot.
You've done a magnificent job.
You've done a marvelous thing.
You've done a perfect job.
You've done a pretty good job so far.
You've done a remarkable job.
You've done a service to your country.
You've done a superb job.
You've done a terrific job.
You've done a very good job.
You've done a very skilful job there.
You've done a wonderful job on the interior decoration.
You've done a wonderful job.
You've done admirably, Tom.
You've done all the talking so far.
You've done all you can.
You've done an admirable job.
You've done beautifully.
You've done better than that.
You've done enough already.
You've done enough damage already.
You've done enough gardening for today.
You've done enough harm already.
You've done enough harm.
You've done enough.
You've done everything correctly.
You've done everything right.
You've done everything wrong.
You've done everything you can do.
You've done good work so far.
You've done good.
You've done it again.
You've done it all wrong!
You've done it all wrong.
You've done it before, haven't you?
You've done it on purpose.
You've done it right.
You've done it very well.
You've done it wrong.
You've done it!
You've done it.
You've done lots of things, Tom.
You've done more than enough.
You've done nothing but complain ever since you got here.
You've done nothing but harm in your life.
You've done nothing to convince me otherwise.
You've done nothing wrong.
You've done nothing.
You've done nowt.
You've done remarkable things here, Tom.
You've done so much already.
You've done so much for me.
You've done so much for us already.
You've done so much for us.
You've done so much.
You've done something wrong.
You've done splendidly, Tom.
You've done that a couple of times, haven't you?
You've done that a lot.
You've done that again.
You've done that already.
You've done that before, haven't you?
You've done that right.
You've done that well. You can give yourself a pat on the back.
You've done that wrong.
You've done that.
You've done the best you can do.
You've done the impossible.
You've done this before, I can tell.
You've done this before, haven't you?
You've done this before?
You've done time, haven't you?
You've done too much work.
You've done us more harm than good.
You've done very well so far.
You've done very well.
You've done well for yourself.
You've done well for yourselves.
You've done well here.
You've done well.
You've done what you can.
You've done what you needed to do.
You've done your best.
You've done your country a great service.
You've done your duty.
You've done your homework.
You've done your job.
You've done your share.
You've dropped your pen.
You've dropped your wallet.
You've drunk a lot of coffee today, haven't you?
You've drunk all the vodka again.
You've drunk enough water, I think.
You've drunk three cups of coffee.
You've drunk too much.
You've earned a break.
You've earned a good rest.
You've earned a rest.
You've earned it.
You've earned this, Tom.
You've earned this.
You've earned yourself a subscriber!
You've eaten almost nothing.
You've eaten enough.
You've eaten lunch, haven't you?
You've eaten too much.
You've eaten.
You've exceeded the time allotted.
You've exceeded your authority.
You've exhausted me with your tears.
You've explained it well.
You've failed once again.
You've failed.
You've fainted.
You've fallen far too far behind.
You've fallen in love with me?
You've fed the dog, haven't you?
You've fed the dog.
You've felled a tree.
You've figured it out, I think.
You've filled out.
You've finally managed to persuade Tom not to do that, haven't you?
You've finally remembered to bring a dictionary.
You've finished my patience. This ends it.
You've finished your homework, haven't you?
You've finished your work.
You've flooded the engine.
You've forgotten every word I said, haven't you.
You've forgotten everything.
You've forgotten me, haven't you?
You've forgotten the colour film.
You've forgotten the full stop at the end of the sentence.
You've forgotten the question mark.
You've forgotten to do up your shoelaces.
You've forgotten to do your shoelaces up.
You've forgotten to tie your shoelaces.
You've forgotten to tie your shoes.
You've forgotten your change.
You've forgotten your umbrella.
You've found a good man.
You've found a very apt translation.
You've found it.
You've found me!
You've found my glasses? Marvellous! I've been looking for them for ages.
You've found something.
You've found the entrance.
You've found the problem.
You've found the way in.
You've found them.
You've found us.
You've frightened Tom.
You've frightened her.
You've frightened him.
You've frightened me.
You've frightened them.
You've frightened us.
You've gained a few pounds.
You've gained a lot of weight recently. I recommend that you go on a diet before the summer season starts.
You've gained some weight as of late, or so it seems.
You've gained weight, haven't you?
You've gained weight.
You've given birth to a healthy baby boy.
You've given birth to me.
You've given him a key to the flat? Have you gone stark raving mad?
You've given it a little bit of thought, haven't you?
You've given it your all!
You've given it your best shot.
You've given me a headache with your tears.
You've given me a headache.
You've given me a lot to think about.
You've given me everything.
You've given me good advice.
You've given me no other choice.
You've given me nothing I can use.
You've given me nothing to believe in.
You've given me so much already.
You've given me so much.
You've given me too much change.
You've given me your cold.
You've given this some thought, haven't you?
You've given three copies of the report to Tom already.
You've given up smoking.
You've given up trying to convince Tom not to do that, haven't you?
You've given up trying to convince Tom to do that, haven't you?
You've given up trying to persuade Tom not to do that, haven't you?
You've given up trying to persuade Tom to do that, haven't you?
You've given us what we need.
You've given yourself an autoimmune disease.
You've gone completely nuts, are you aware of that?
You've gone crazy.
You've gone loco.
You've gone mad!
You've gone mad.
You've gone nuts.
You've gone pale.
You've gone soft.
You've gone to tuja.
You've gone too far this time.
You've gone too far!
You've gone too far.
You've gone very quiet all of a sudden.
You've got 24 hours.
You've got a Swiss passport.
You've got a bad temper.
You've got a beautiful smile.
You've got a big day tomorrow.
You've got a big head.
You've got a big heart.
You've got a big hole in your sock.
You've got a big mouth.
You've got a big problem.
You've got a big room.
You've got a bit of a fever today, don't you?
You've got a black eye.
You've got a bogey in your hair.
You've got a booger on your hair.
You've got a bright future ahead of you.
You've got a bright future.
You've got a bus to catch.
You've got a busy day tomorrow.
You've got a busy week coming up.
You've got a car, right?
You've got a chance to travel.
You've got a coffee stain on your tie.
You've got a crush on Mary.
You've got a crush on Tom, don't you?
You've got a crush on Tom.
You've got a crush on her, don't you?
You've got a crush on her.
You've got a crush on him, don't you?
You've got a crush on him.
You've got a cute friend.
You've got a deal.
You've got a delivery.
You've got a difficult choice to make.
You've got a dirty mind.
You've got a face like a wet week. What's up?
You've got a fat chance of convincing your mother to lend you that much money.
You've got a fever.
You've got a flat tyre.
You've got a full schedule today.
You've got a good ear for music.
You've got a good head on your shoulders.
You've got a good heart.
You've got a good idea.
You've got a good memory for faces.
You've got a good sense of direction.
You've got a good vocabulary.
You've got a great memory.
You've got a great sense of humor.
You've got a great sense of humour.
You've got a green arrow.
You've got a green light.
You've got a head like concrete.
You've got a job to do.
You've got a leaf in your hair.
You've got a license.
You've got a long way to go yet.
You've got a lot more shoes than I've got.
You've got a lot of books.
You've got a lot of enemies.
You've got a lot of explaining to do.
You've got a lot of guts.
You've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses.
You've got a lot of nerve.
You've got a lot of problems, don't you?
You've got a lot of stuff going on at the moment, so why don't you take the rest of the week off to deal with whatever those issues are?
You've got a lot of willpower.
You've got a lot of work ahead of you.
You've got a lot on your plate.
You've got a lot to learn about being nice.
You've got a lot to learn.
You've got a lot to live for.
You've got a million dollars in front of you. You can either spend it for yourself or spend it on a surgery for someone you don't know who is in danger of quadriplegia. You don't know each other. And no one will ever know what a noble deed you've done sacrificing all the money for the surgery for a person you don't know, or how mean you were to take the money confining that person to a wheelchair for the rest of their life. So what would you do? You can't share the money.
You've got a minute to go and return.
You've got a nerve to say such a thing!
You've got a nerve!
You've got a nice chip in your windshield.
You've got a nice smile.
You've got a one-size-fits-all answer.
You've got a one-track mind.
You've got a plane to catch.
You've got a point there.
You've got a poor memory!
You've got a pretty bad poker face.
You've got a pretty good memory.
You've got a pretty little baby. He looks just like you.
You've got a problem.
You've got a question.
You've got a rash.
You've got a real bounce to your flank.
You've got a real talent for this.
You've got a really big mouth.
You've got a really good sense of direction.
You've got a really nice smile.
You've got a second chance. Don't blow it.
You've got a sense of humor.
You've got a sense of humour.
You've got a sharp eye, Tom.
You've got a sharp eye.
You've got a spot on your shirt.
You've got a stain on your T-shirt.
You've got a stain on your shirt.
You've got a stain on your tie.
You've got a strange idea of happiness.
You've got a strong will.
You've got a thin skin.
You've got a virus.
You've got a visitor.
You've got a vivid imagination!
You've got a vivid imagination.
You've got a whole list of things that you need to do.
You've got a wicked imagination!
You've got a wonderful family.
You've got absolutely no reason to get so upset.
You've got absolutely no reason to get so worked up.
You've got all the money that you need.
You've got all the reason in the world.
You've got all the time that you need.
You've got an arrow.
You've got an email address that's easy to remember.
You've got an endless supply of anecdotes.
You've got an excellent memory.
You've got an eye booger.
You've got an hour.
You've got an interview tomorrow, right? Are you nervous?
You've got another MILF? What happened to the last one?
You've got another big day tomorrow.
You've got another four day's journey before you reach Moscow.
You've got ants in your pants.
You've got bad BO.
You've got bags under your eyes.
You've got better things to do with your time.
You've got better things to do.
You've got better.
You've got bits of hair sticking up.
You've got broad shoulders.
You've got cancer.
You've got chills.
You've got chronic bronchitis.
You've got circles under your eyes.
You've got company.
You've got crabs.
You've got crackers.
You've got cute, round eyes.
You've got dark circles under your eyes.
You've got dirty hands.
You've got each other.
You've got enough to worry about.
You've got every right to be angry.
You've got every right to be mad.
You've got every right to be upset.
You've got everything I need.
You've got everything you need.
You've got everything.
You've got eye boogers.
You've got far more pairs of shoes than I've got.
You've got fat.
You've got five minutes.
You've got food on your face.
You've got frenzied.
You've got good eyes.
You've got great instincts.
You've got guts.
You've got ink on your face.
You've got it all wrong.
You've got it backwards.
You've got it coming!
You've got it hanging upside down.
You've got it in one. That's right.
You've got it in the wrong gear.
You've got it made.
You've got it nice here. Proper cosy.
You've got it now.
You've got it right.
You've got it wrong.
You've got it.
You've got lazy.
You've got licence to speak frankly.
You've got mail.
You've got many more pairs of shoes than I've got.
You've got me all rattled.
You've got me all wrong.
You've got me behind the eight ball.
You've got me curious.
You've got me quite intrigued.
You've got me stumped.
You've got me.
You've got money.
You've got more important things to worry about.
You've got mouths to feed.
You've got my attention.
You've got my computer and I want it back.
You've got my full cooperation.
You've got my goggles.
You've got my helmet.
You've got my help if you need it.
You've got my keys.
You've got my number.
You've got my personal guarantee.
You've got my phone.
You've got my sunglasses and I want them back.
You've got my umbrella.
You've got my vote.
You've got my word on it.
You've got my word on that.
You've got nice hips.
You've got nice legs.
You've got no alibi for the day of the murder.
You've got no authority to do that.
You've got no chance with her.
You've got no choice.
You've got no goals in life.
You've got no idea how much I think about you.
You've got no idea.
You've got no other choice but to trust each other.
You've got no reason to be jealous.
You've got no right to say that to her.
You've got no right to say that.
You've got no right to talk to Tom that way.
You've got no stamina.
You've got no staying power.
You've got nothing to apologize for.
You've got nothing to be afraid of.
You've got nothing to be ashamed of.
You've got nothing to be scared of.
You've got nothing to complain about.
You've got nothing to complain of.
You've got nothing to worry about from me.
You've got nothing to worry about.
You've got nothing.
You've got nowhere else to go today; it's windy.
You've got nowhere left to go.
You've got nowhere left to hide.
You've got nowhere to hide.
You've got one chance.
You've got one hour.
You've got one minute left.
You've got one minute. Impress me.
You've got one now, don't you?
You've got one on your desk.
You've got one.
You've got other things to worry about.
You've got paint on you.
You've got paint on your shirt.
You've got pantry moths.
You've got plenty of time.
You've got problems.
You've got quite a nice collection.
You've got quite the talent for making baseless accusations.
You've got rats in your cellar.
You've got real sharp shoes.
You've got really beautiful teeth! Are they real?
You've got rhythm.
You've got right of way.
You've got round and cute little eyes.
You've got school on Saturdays.
You've got seniority.
You've got sharp eyes.
You've got skills.
You've got small eyes.
You've got snot in your hair.
You've got so much in common.
You've got some bad B.O. going on.
You've got some balls coming here like this.
You've got some brass.
You've got some cheek!
You've got some goddamn nerve to hurt my wife like that. I'll fucking kill you.
You've got some ink on your face.
You've got some left.
You've got some nerve laughing!
You've got some nerve running away from me, haven't you?
You've got some nerve!
You've got some nerve.
You've got some paint on your nose.
You've got some serious problems.
You've got some strange ideas!
You've got some strange ideas.
You've got someone in there with you, don't you?
You've got someone to live for.
You've got something I want.
You've got something in your teeth.
You've got something on your face.
You've got something on your lip.
You've got something stuck in your teeth.
You've got something that belongs to me.
You've got something to read.
You've got spunk.
You've got talent.
You've got ten minutes to pack your bags.
You've got that all wrong.
You've got that down pat.
You've got that right.
You've got the FBI on your tail.
You've got the advantage.
You've got the biggest breasts in the family.
You've got the chance to travel wherever you want.
You've got the freshest sound I've heard in years. Now go write 12 songs about fucking by Friday.
You've got the hiccups.
You've got the idea.
You've got the map upside down.
You've got the necessary skills.
You've got the right to be happy.
You've got the skills required.
You've got the whole day to do this.
You've got the wrong address.
You've got the wrong code.
You've got the wrong end of the stick - she's interested in me, not the other way around!
You've got the wrong guy.
You've got the wrong idea.
You've got the wrong man!
You've got the wrong number.
You've got the wrong person.
You've got the wrong station.
You've got thirteen minutes left.
You've got thirty minutes to decide.
You've got thirty seconds.
You've got this.
You've got three children.
You've got three hours till your bedtime.
You've got three hours.
You've got three kids.
You've got three minutes to decide.
You've got three minutes.
You've got three months left.
You've got three problems.
You've got three seconds.
You've got three weeks.
You've got three wishes.
You've got till noon.
You've got time right now, don't you?
You've got time.
You've got tits like a woman!
You've got to answer for the outcome.
You've got to answer the question.
You've got to apologize to Tom.
You've got to apologize to her.
You've got to apologize to him.
You've got to apologize to them.
You've got to apologize.
You've got to avoid that.
You've got to be at the station by five o'clock at the latest.
You've got to be at the station no later than five o'clock.
You've got to be audacious!
You've got to be bold!
You've got to be careful or else you'll miss it again.
You've got to be careful what you say to people who are easily offended.
You've got to be careful.
You've got to be certain.
You've got to be crazy to do something like that.
You've got to be hardy!
You've got to be intrepid!
You've got to be joking!
You've got to be joking.
You've got to be kidding me!
You've got to be kidding me.
You've got to be kidding!
You've got to be kidding.
You've got to be making this up.
You've got to be more aggressive.
You've got to be more careful with things which aren't yours.
You've got to be more careful.
You've got to be on time.
You've got to be on your toes.
You've got to be out of your mind.
You've got to be pretty patient to teach someone how to drive.
You've got to be ready for anything.
You've got to be really careful with crocodiles.
You've got to be really careful.
You've got to be reasonable about this.
You've got to be reasonable.
You've got to be some special kind of crazy to like this crap.
You've got to be some special kind of deranged to consider something like that.
You've got to be strong.
You've got to be unihibited if you want to get far in this career.
You've got to be yourself.
You've got to believe in me.
You've got to believe in science!
You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe that.
You've got to believe us.
You've got to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
You've got to buy it.
You've got to call me tomorrow.
You've got to calm down.
You've got to carry a gun in this area.
You've got to carry out your commitment at all costs.
You've got to catch this bus to get to the museum.
You've got to change your life.
You've got to check this out.
You've got to come back.
You've got to come clean.
You've got to come home earlier today.
You've got to come home.
You've got to come out now.
You've got to come see this.
You've got to come tomorrow.
You've got to come with me.
You've got to concentrate.
You've got to convince Tom to stay.
You've got to deal with it.
You've got to do better next time.
You've got to do better than that next time.
You've got to do better.
You've got to do it now.
You've got to do it this way.
You've got to do it, whether you like it or not.
You've got to do it, whether you want to or not.
You've got to do something about this soon.
You've got to do something to help Tom.
You've got to do something.
You've got to do that now.
You've got to do that right away.
You've got to do that today.
You've got to do that.
You've got to do this for me.
You've got to do this.
You've got to do what Tom told you to do.
You've got to do what you think is right.
You've got to draw the line somewhere.
You've got to eat.
You've got to expect the unexpected around here.
You've got to face facts.
You've got to face the facts.
You've got to face your fears.
You've got to fight back.
You've got to fight that tendency of yours.
You've got to find out what happened to Tom.
You've got to finish doing that.
You've got to finish this by 2.30.
You've got to fish where the fish are.
You've got to fix it.
You've got to get Tom talking.
You've got to get a hold of yourself.
You've got to get a steady job.
You've got to get back to work.
You've got to get down to your work.
You've got to get her talking.
You've got to get him talking.
You've got to get home as soon as you can.
You've got to get me out of here.
You've got to get me out of this place.
You've got to get out of Boston.
You've got to get out of here now.
You've got to get out of here right away.
You've got to get out of here while you've still got a chance.
You've got to get out of here, Tom.
You've got to get out of here.
You've got to get out of there right now.
You've got to get out of there.
You've got to get over there right now.
You've got to get rid of it.
You've got to get rid of this.
You've got to get them talking.
You've got to get this bus if you want to go to the museum.
You've got to get this bus to get to the museum.
You've got to get this done before you can go home.
You've got to get to the hospital.
You've got to get up.
You've got to get your skates on.
You've got to give it time.
You've got to give me another chance.
You've got to give me more time.
You've got to give up gambling once and for all.
You've got to go back.
You've got to go even if you don't want to.
You've got to go faster.
You've got to go home.
You've got to go now.
You've got to go there even if you don't want to.
You've got to go to work.
You've got to go.
You've got to have a good breakfast.
You've got to have a plan.
You've got to have a strong will to study something unrelated to your job after you've finished working.
You've got to hear me out.
You've got to help Tom or he's going to die.
You've got to help Tom.
You've got to help her.
You've got to help him.
You've got to help me do this.
You've got to help me fix this.
You've got to help me learn to drive.
You've got to help me out.
You've got to help me! Every night I have the same horrible dream.
You've got to help me.
You've got to help them.
You've got to help us.
You've got to help, too.
You've got to hide.
You've got to hurry.
You've got to keep doing this.
You've got to keep fighting.
You've got to keep moving or you'll fall asleep.
You've got to keep plugging away.
You've got to keep the skis exactly parallel.
You've got to keep the skis nice and parallel.
You've got to keep this secret, OK?
You've got to keep working.
You've got to keep your spirits up.
You've got to know when it's time to turn the page.
You've got to learn how to read Berber.
You've got to learn to be careful.
You've got to learn to be more careful.
You've got to learn to harness your strength.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
You've got to let me do this.
You've got to let me get a message to Tom.
You've got to let me go home.
You've got to let me go in there.
You've got to let me go.
You've got to let me talk to Tom.
You've got to let people do their work.
You've got to let the past go.
You've got to lie down and sleep a while.
You've got to like Tom.
You've got to listen a little more carefully from now on.
You've got to listen to me.
You've got to love technology.
You've got to make a living.
You've got to make sure Tom and Mary aren't late for school again.
You've got to make sure Tom isn't late for school again.
You've got to move faster.
You've got to move out.
You've got to move.
You've got to nip this in the bud, Ziri.
You've got to overcome these difficulties.
You've got to pay attention.
You've got to practice Berber every day.
You've got to practice more.
You've got to practise more.
You've got to practise your reading.
You've got to press the button.
You've got to promise me that this is never going to happen again.
You've got to promise me that we just keep it between the two of us.
You've got to promise me that you'll do that.
You've got to promise me this is never going to happen again.
You've got to protect me.
You've got to pull yourself together.
You've got to put a stop to this sort of behaviour straight away.
You've got to put your cigarette out.
You've got to read this book.
You've got to read this.
You've got to really be careful.
You've got to reconsider.
You've got to reply to her letter.
You've got to reply to his letter.
You've got to respect Tom.
You've got to respect her.
You've got to respect him.
You've got to respect them.
You've got to rest.
You've got to see Tom.
You've got to see her home.
You've got to see her.
You've got to see him.
You've got to see it.
You've got to see them.
You've got to see this film.
You've got to see this through.
You've got to see this.
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.
You've got to settle down to your studies.
You've got to sign your name.
You've got to snap out of it.
You've got to speak French.
You've got to speak up.
You've got to start somewhere.
You've got to stay awake.
You've got to stay focused.
You've got to stay here until we get back.
You've got to stay together.
You've got to stop Tom from doing that.
You've got to stop Tom.
You've got to stop complaining.
You've got to stop doing that now.
You've got to stop doing that.
You've got to stop doing this.
You've got to stop eating peppers before bedtime!
You've got to stop her.
You've got to stop him.
You've got to stop them.
You've got to stop this now.
You've got to stop this.
You've got to stop what you're doing.
You've got to stop, Tom.
You've got to stop.
You've got to study harder.
You've got to take a look at this.
You've got to take care of yourself.
You've got to take care of yourselves.
You've got to take chances.
You've got to take it as it is.
You've got to take it easy.
You've got to take me to hospital.
You've got to take me with you.
You've got to take people and the weather as they come.
You've got to take the bull by the horns!
You've got to take this bus if you want to get to the museum.
You've got to take this bus to get to the museum.
You've got to take your medicine.
You've got to talk to Tom.
You've got to talk to Ziri.
You've got to talk to her.
You've got to talk to him.
You've got to talk to me.
You've got to talk to them.
You've got to talk to us.
You've got to teach me.
You've got to tell Mary she needs to be here at 2:30.
You've got to tell Tom and Mary they need to be here at 2:30.
You've got to tell Tom he needs to be here at 2:30.
You've got to tell Tom how you feel.
You've got to tell Tom to go to bed earlier.
You've got to tell Tom what happened.
You've got to tell Tom what you want to do.
You've got to tell her the truth.
You've got to tell him that straight away.
You've got to tell me what to do.
You've got to tell me what you want.
You've got to tell me what's going on.
You've got to tell me when that's going to happen.
You've got to tell me.
You've got to tell somebody.
You've got to think this out.
You've got to think this through.
You've got to tip your hat to Tom.
You've got to train more.
You've got to trust me on this one.
You've got to trust me on this.
You've got to trust me.
You've got to trust us.
You've got to trust your instincts.
You've got to try harder.
You've got to try it.
You've got to try some koshary.
You've got to try this.
You've got to turn round.
You've got to turn the electricity off.
You've got to wait a bit.
You've got to wait for the bus.
You've got to wait for the next bus.
You've got to wait for the train.
You've got to wait on the other side of the road.
You've got to wait until a seat becomes free.
You've got to wait until there's a free seat.
You've got to wait until there's a seat free.
You've got to wait.
You've got to wake up.
You've got to walk before you can run.
You've got to warn Tom.
You've got to warn her.
You've got to warn him.
You've got to warn me.
You've got to warn them.
You've got to warn us.
You've got to wash your hands.
You've got to watch this movie.
You've got to win today.
You've got to win.
You've got to work really hard.
You've got to work together.
You've got to write something.
You've got to write the postcode on the envelope.
You've got to write to him quickly.
You've got two books?
You've got two children.
You've got two choices.
You've got two kids.
You've got until 2.30 tomorrow to finish this.
You've got until 2:30 tomorrow to get this done.
You've got what it takes to do well in this job.
You've got what it takes.
You've got white powder coming out of your nose.
You've got willpower.
You've got work to do.
You've got work tomorrow.
You've got wrinkles.
You've got your ducklings in a row.
You've got your father's eyes.
You've got your hat on backwards.
You've got your jumper on back to front.
You've got your jumper on inside out!
You've got your permit, right?
You've got your priorities backwards.
You've got your shoes on the wrong feet.
You've got your socks on inside out.
You've got your troubles, and I've got mine.
You've got your whole life ahead of you.
You've got your work cut out for you.
You've got yourself a deal.
You've got yourself into this mess.
You've gotta be kidding!
You've gotta be smarter than that.
You've gotta get over there right now.
You've gotten better.
You've gotten enough.
You've gotten everything you've wanted.
You've gotten fat.
You've gotten hitched?
You've gotten in my way for the last time...
You've gotten so good at English that you're bad at it.
You've gotten through this before.
You've gotten too used to me.
You've gotten used to having Tom around, haven't you?
You've gotten used to the cold.
You've grown a lot as a person.
You've grown a lot.
You've grown fat.
You've grown since I last saw you.
You've grown since the last time I saw you.
You've grown so much!
You've grown so tall.
You've grown up now and you're going away; and you look so tall and stylish and so--so--different altogether in that dress--as if you didn't belong in Avonlea at all-- and I just got lonesome thinking it all over.
You've grown up, Tom.
You've grown up.
You've grown.
You've had a busy morning, haven't you?
You've had a cup of coffee.
You've had a good year.
You've had a great career.
You've had a great idea.
You've had a long life.
You've had a lot of coffee today, right?
You've had a real hard time the last couple of days.
You've had a really rough day, haven't you?
You've had a very busy week.
You've had a very restless night.
You've had a year.
You've had all day to do that.
You've had all day to do that. Why do you have to start now when it's night?
You've had all day to do that. Why have you got to start now when it's nighttime?
You've had all week to do that.
You've had all week to mend that. Had you forgotten that we're supposed to be going on a bike ride with Dani and Mark at the weekend?
You've had all week to study.
You've had enough of it.
You've had enough of this riff-raff? Well, we'll help you get rid of it.
You've had enough sleep.
You've had enough time.
You've had enough.
You've had many chances to do that.
You've had me worried sick.
You've had more than enough time to do that.
You've had plenty of chances to do that.
You've had plenty of chances.
You've had plenty of opportunities.
You've had quite a shock.
You've had too much to drink.
You've had your chance to have your say. Now it's my turn.
You've had your chance.
You've had your chance. Now it's too late. You'll have to live with the consequences now.
You've had your fun.
You've had your hair cut.
You've hardly changed.
You've hardly done anything all day.
You've hardly eaten a thing.
You've hardly eaten anything.
You've hardly touched your breakfast.
You've hardly touched your salad.
You've haven't paid me yet.
You've heard about it, haven't you?
You've heard everything.
You've heard it here first!
You've heard this before, I can tell.
You've helped a lot of people.
You've helped enough already today.
You've helped me a lot.
You've helped me and I also want to help you.
You've helped me bear my fate.
You've helped me enough already.
You've helped me out.
You've helped me see the world through a more optimistic lens.
You've helped me so many times.
You've helped me so much.
You've helped me, so I'll help you.
You've helped quite enough.
You've helped us a lot.
You've helped us all.
You've helped us so much.
You've hit it! The book was still in the car.
You've hit me.
You've hit the nail on the head!
You've hit the nail on the head.
You've hurt Tom's feelings.
You've hurt me a lot.
You've hurt me deeply.
You've hurt me, too.
You've hurt me.
You've hurt us more than you've been of use.
You've impressed me.
You've improved quite a bit.
You've improved your English.
You've improved your French.
You've improved.
You've informed me.
You've inspired me.
You've insulted me.
You've invited your friends as well?
You've invited your friends too, haven't you?
You've just about got it.
You've just about mastered that.
You've just answered your own question.
You've just arrived.
You've just been down in the dumps.
You've just been in that shop. Why do you want to go back in there?
You've just been shot.
You've just been told.
You've just come back from Algeria.
You've just crossed the line.
You've just found her.
You've just found him.
You've just found it.
You've just found them.
You've just got here.
You've just got to come to terms with it.
You've just got to deal with it.
You've just got to go for it.
You've just got to go in there.
You've just got to go there.
You've just got to learn to live with it.
You've just got to let it go.
You've just got to open your eyes, smell the coffee, get in touch with reality, listen to the facts, and swallow the bitter truth!
You've just got to practise every day.
You've just got to press the button.
You've just got to rest a bit.
You've just got to stick with it.
You've just got to try harder.
You've just got to wait here.
You've just made a big mistake.
You've just made a very big mistake.
You've just made my point for me.
You've just made my point.
You've just made that up, haven't you?
You've just made the worst mistake of your life.
You've just made things harder for yourself.
You've just missed Tom.
You've just opened a can of worms.
You've just proved my point.
You've just proven my point.
You've just scratched the surface.
You've just seen her.
You've just seen him.
You've just seen it.
You've just seen them, haven't you?
You've just taken a shower.
You've kept me waiting for two hours.
You've kept secrets from me, haven't you?
You've kept the whole truth from me.
You've kept your promise.
You've known Tom a long time, haven't you?
You've known Tom a lot longer than I have.
You've known Tom longer than any of us.
You've known Tom much longer than I have.
You've known all along, haven't you?
You've known all this time?
You've known her for years.
You've known him for ten years and you're still on polite terms?
You've known me for a while.
You've known me for some time.
You've known me thirty years.
You've landed on the Moon.
You've learned quickly.
You've learnt fast.
You've learnt quickly.
You've left a light on.
You've left me no choice.
You've left me no other choice.
You've left me with no choice.
You've left out a word in copying the textbook.
You've left the biscuits in the oven too long.
You've left us no choice.
You've left your ID at home, so you can't come in.
You've left your coffee. Don't you like it?
You've left your lipstick on the mantelpiece.
You've left your umbrella on the bus.
You've left your umbrellas on the bus.
You've let me down.
You've let yourself be called crazy by people much crazier than you.
You've let yourself go.
You've lied about everything.
You've lied to all of us.
You've lied to me before, haven't you?
You've lied to me before.
You've lied to me before. Why should I trust you now?
You've lied to me repeatedly.
You've lied to us before.
You've lied to us, haven't you?
You've lit some candles in your room.
You've lived a charmed life, Tom.
You've lived alone for a long time, haven't you?
You've lived here for a while now?
You've long been absent from my life.
You've looked better.
You've lost a few pounds, haven't you?
You've lost a little weight, haven't you?
You've lost a lot of blood.
You've lost a lot of weight.
You've lost everything.
You've lost it.
You've lost me already.
You've lost me there, Tom.
You've lost me.
You've lost me. It's over.
You've lost my respect.
You've lost perspective.
You've lost so much weight, you look like a living skeleton.
You've lost some blood.
You've lost some weight, haven't you?
You've lost some weight, haven't you? Are you eating properly?
You've lost some weight.
You've lost the ability to concentrate.
You've lost the plot if you're cheering on far-right regimes in the name of "anti-imperialism."
You've lost too much blood.
You've lost weight haven't you?
You've lost weight, haven't you?
You've lost weight.
You've lost your camera.
You've lost your credibility.
You've lost your glasses.
You've lost your head!
You've lost your job, haven't you?
You've lost your key, haven't you?
You've lost your marbles.
You've lost your mind.
You've lost your minds.
You've lost your umbrella.
You've lost your umbrellas.
You've lost.
You've made Tom angry.
You've made Tom cry.
You've made Tom unhappy.
You've made a bad mistake.
You've made a big mess of things.
You've made a big mistake.
You've made a fool of yourself.
You've made a good many mistakes.
You've made a horrible mistake.
You've made a huge mistake.
You've made a lot of mistakes.
You've made a lot of spelling mistakes.
You've made a mess of everything.
You've made a mistake.
You've made a terrible mistake.
You've made a very wise decision.
You've made a wise choice.
You've made acquaintances.
You've made an excellent job of that.
You've made commendable progress in the English language this past year.
You've made everything better.
You've made her angry.
You've made her cry.
You've made her unhappy.
You've made him angry.
You've made him cry.
You've made him unhappy.
You've made it clear that you don't want to marry him.
You've made it to the big time.
You've made many mistakes.
You've made me angry.
You've made me feel a lot better.
You've made me look foolish.
You've made me look like an idiot.
You've made me so very happy.
You've made me tear up with your sad stories.
You've made me the happiest man in the world.
You've made me the happiest person in the world.
You've made me very happy by doing that.
You've made me very happy.
You've made me very unhappy.
You've made me what I am.
You've made my Sunday meaningful.
You've made my bite go sideways.
You've made my day.
You've made my friend unhappy.
You've made no allowance for the fact that he is young.
You've made only a few spelling mistakes.
You've made progress.
You've made quite a mess of things.
You've made quite an impression on Tom.
You've made quite an impression on her.
You've made quite an impression.
You've made remarkable progress in English in the past year.
You've made several mistakes.
You've made that abundantly clear.
You've made that clear.
You've made the same mistake again.
You've made the same mistake.
You've made the very same mistake again.
You've made them angry.
You've made them unhappy.
You've made three errors.
You've made too many mistakes.
You've made tremendous progress in English this year.
You've made tremendous progress.
You've made up quite a story there.
You've made us proud.
You've made us very happy.
You've made us wait.
You've made your bed, now lie in it.
You've made your choice.
You've made your point.
You've made your position clear.
You've managed to convince me.
You've managed to ruin my birthday party.
You've matured a lot!
You've matured a lot, huh?
You've met Mr. Smith already, haven't you?
You've met Tom already, haven't you?
You've met Tom, haven't you?
You've met someone, haven't you?
You've met your match.
You've misjudged me.
You've misjudged the situation.
You've missed a belt loop.
You've missed a bit.
You've missed a bit. Just daub your brush there in the corner.
You've missed a button.
You've missed a lot.
You've missed an important clue.
You've missed the boat.
You've missed the point entirely.
You've missed your big chance.
You've misspelled my name.
You've misspelled this word.
You've mistaken Shaban for Ramadan!
You've misunderstood me.
You've misunderstood.
You've mixed everything up.
You've mixed up Shaban and Ramadan!
You've much money, but I don't envy you.
You've neither written nor phoned.
You've never abused drugs and alcohol.
You've never asked me about it.
You've never asked me to do this.
You've never been as busy as I am right now.
You've never been happy.
You've never been here before, have you?
You've never been here, have you?
You've never been in love, have you?
You've never been in prison, have you?
You've never been kind to me.
You've never been like this before.
You've never been married, have you?
You've never been nice to me.
You've never been on a date, have you?
You've never been to Australia before, have you?
You've never been to Australia, have you?
You've never been to Boston before, have you?
You've never been to Boston, have you?
You've never been to Europe, have you?
You've never been to Kendira.
You've never been to Paris, have you?
You've never been to Paris?
You've never been to the US.
You've never bored me.
You've never brought it up to me.
You've never cared about anyone but yourself.
You've never coached before, have you?
You've never complained before.
You've never confessed to me how you really feel about him.
You've never dated anyone, have you?
You've never dated, have you?
You've never done drugs.
You've never done that before, have you?
You've never done that kind of thing before.
You've never done that, have you?
You've never done this before, have you?
You've never done this kind of thing before, have you?
You've never even apologised.
You've never even been to Boston, have you?
You've never even been to Boston.
You've never even said sorry!
You've never even said sorry.
You've never even said that you were sorry.
You've never ever queried the so called truth?
You've never ever said it to me before.
You've never forgiven me, have you?
You've never forgotten to send your mother a birthday present.
You've never given me anything.
You've never got time.
You've never grasped my true nature.
You've never had a boyfriend, have you?
You've never had a girlfriend, have you?
You've never had a pet, have you?
You've never had a serious illness?
You've never heard of me, have you?
You've never heard of sarcasm?
You've never heard of soap?
You've never hurt me.
You've never kissed Tom, have you?
You've never lacked for women.
You've never let me down.
You've never liked me, have you?
You've never looked at this subject from anything other than a right-wing perspective, and seem unaware any other exists.
You've never looked this beautiful in a dress ever before.
You've never looked this best in a dress before.
You've never looked this great so far dressed in that dress.
You've never lost.
You've never loved your brother.
You've never mentioned it to me.
You've never met a trans person, have you?
You've never put this clothing on, but you're already throwing it away? You can't be so wasteful!
You've never seen a genuine diamond.
You've never seen anything like this.
You've never seen me do that, have you?
You've never seen one before, have you?
You've never seen one of these before, have you?
You've never seen this before!
You've never slept with a woman?
You've never spoken about it.
You've never studied French, have you?
You've never talked much about Tom.
You've never thanked me for the things I've done for you.
You've never told Tom the truth, have you?
You've never told me about that.
You've never told me that before.
You've never told me that.
You've never told me your name.
You've never told us how you met Tom.
You've never trusted me, have you?
You've never visited Australia, have you?
You've never wanted the same things I've wanted.
You've nice hands.
You've no future.
You've no idea how right you are.
You've no idea what my problem is.
You've not been here for a while.
You've not missed owt.
You've nothing to tell us.
You've nothing to worry about.
You've obviously got a problem.
You've obviously made a mistake.
You've obviously matured.
You've often said so yourself.
You've often said the same thing yourself.
You've omitted something.
You've omitted the preposition in this sentence.
You've only a few months left.
You've only been here for a day and you already know almost the whole city.
You've only been here for three weeks.
You've only been here three days.
You've only been on the job for about 15 minutes.
You've only got one idea in your head.
You've only got thirty seconds to explain yourself.
You've only got to press the button to get a ticket.
You've only got to press the button.
You've only got yourself to thank for that.
You've only just gotten over your fever so don't overdo it.
You've only made one mistake.
You've only really won over your listeners when they adore your promises, fear your threats, hate what you complain about, gladly do as you suggest and regret what you regrettably proclaim.
You've opened a window.
You've opened my heart to love in ways I never thought possible. I can't go back to a life without the depth of your love.
You've opened the box.
You've ordered one, haven't you?
You've outdone yourself this time.
You've outdone yourself.
You've outdone yourselves this time.
You've outdone yourselves.
You've overdone it.
You've overstepped your authority.
You've overwatered the flowers.
You've overwatered them.
You've paid already.
You've paid too much.
You've paid your dues.
You've painted the walls, haven't you?
You've parked in my space.
You've parked yourself like manure on a field.
You've passed the exam.
You've passed the test.
You've piqued my curiosity.
You've piqued my interest.
You've played.
You've polished your shoes, haven't you?
You've probably already answered me before, but I keep forgetting.
You've probably always felt you could handle any problem yourself.
You've probably always thought your parents could help you solve any problem.
You've probably done this many times before.
You've probably forgotten about it already.
You've probably forgotten about it.
You've probably got someplace to go.
You've probably heard about Pavlov.
You've probably heard of me.
You've probably heard of us.
You've probably mistaken Joan for her sister.
You've probably never heard of it.
You've probably reached the final sentence.
You've probably seen a lot worse.
You've probably seen that already.
You've proved it multiple times.
You've proved your point.
You've proven that you're worthy.
You've proven yourself worthy.
You've pulled.
You've put a full stop instead of a question mark by mistake.
You've put on a little weight, haven't you?
You've put on some weight.
You've put on weight, haven't you?
You've put on weight.
You've put that very diplomatically.
You've put this off for far too long. You will finish it tonight!
You've put too many things in your handbag.
You've put too much salt into the soup. Now, no one's going to eat it.
You've put too much stuff in your handbag.
You've put way too much pepper in the stew.
You've put your hat on back to front.
You've put your hat on backwards.
You've quit doing that, haven't you?
You've quit smoking, right?
You've reached Tom Jackson's phone. If he owes you money, this is no longer Tom Jackson's phone.
You've reached a point of no return.
You've reached marriage age.
You've reached the bottom.
You've reached your goal.
You've read a novel.
You've read the report, haven't you?
You've read this book before.
You've read three books since this morning.
You've read through the book, haven't you?
You've really been a great help.
You've really changed a lot.
You've really changed me.
You've really changed.
You've really disappointed me.
You've really done a fine job.
You've really done well.
You've really earned this.
You've really fixed this place up. It looks good.
You've really got a beautiful garden.
You've really got me there.
You've really got to see it.
You've really got to see this.
You've really got to take your hat off to Bottas here. That guy has nerves of steel and always drives fast and clean.
You've really helped me a lot.
You've really helped me today.
You've really helped us a lot.
You've really improved.
You've really pissed me off!
You've really thought of everything.
You've really turned black now.
You've redecorated.
You've remained the same over the years.
You've restored my faith in humanity.
You've returned to Akbou.
You've risked enough.
You've ruined everything again.
You've ruined everything with your obsessive jealousy.
You've ruined everything! I hate you!
You've ruined everything.
You've ruined it!
You've ruined it! You've ruined everything!
You've ruined my chances of becoming popular.
You've ruined my concentration.
You've ruined the best chance that we had to get rid of Tom.
You've ruined the best chance we had to get rid of Tom.
You've ruined the party.
You've ruined your clothes.
You've run into some trouble or something?
You've run out of things to drink.
You've run out of time.
You've run through all the butter?
You've saddened me.
You've said enough stupidity.
You've said enough.
You've said it several times.
You've said nothing so far.
You've said that already.
You've said that several times already.
You've said that to me before.
You've said too much.
You've said very little so far.
You've said way too much already.
You've saved Tom's life twice.
You've saved all our lives.
You've saved me again.
You've saved my bacon for me.
You've scored 30 points.
You've seemed distracted lately.
You've seen Tom do that, haven't you?
You've seen Tom today, haven't you?
You've seen Tom's house, haven't you?
You've seen enough.
You've seen her, haven't you?
You've seen her.
You've seen it, haven't you?
You've seen me do that, haven't you?
You've seen something, haven't you?
You've seen that film, haven't you?
You've seen that people are stupid and dumb. Do you still think that humans are the centre of creation?
You've seen that.
You've seen their new house, haven't you? What's it like?
You've seen them.
You've seen this before, I can tell.
You've seen this before, I think.
You've seen too many romance movies.
You've seen what I can do.
You've seen what Tom can do.
You've seen what Yuri can do.
You've seen what this machine can do.
You've seen what we can do.
You've seen worse.
You've sent periodicals from your bookstore.
You've set a bad example.
You've set my heart aflame and I'm longing for more, you left me wanting for more.
You've set the bar very high for me.
You've severely sprained your thumb.
You've sharpened the knives, haven't you?
You've shorn the sheep.
You've shown me what true happiness feels like, and now I can't bear the thought of a life without that joy.
You've skipped too many classes.
You've slept a long time.
You've slept much.
You've slimmed down.
You've slowed us down enough already.
You've smelled the cheese.
You've somehow managed to misconstrue what I have said.
You've something that belongs to me.
You've spared no time and effort in helping me, for which I am very grateful.
You've spent a lot of money.
You've spent a lot of time with Tom, right?
You've spent time with Marie.
You've spent too long in Boston, I think.
You've spilled your coffee.
You've spilt your coffee.
You've spoiled Tom.
You've spoiled everything.
You've spoiled her rotten.
You've spoiled him rotten.
You've spoken with Tom since I have, haven't you?
You've squandered your money.
You've stained the table.
You've stalled long enough, Tom.
You've stalled the engine.
You've started learning Esperanto.
You've started warming up.
You've stayed away a long time.
You've stepped in dog shit.
You've still got a lot to do.
You've still got a place to live.
You've still got all your life in front of you.
You've still got enough time.
You've still got loads to do.
You've still got plenty to do.
You've still got the touch, Tom.
You've still got thirty minutes.
You've still got time, dear baroness.
You've still got time.
You've still got your job.
You've still not told me what about this thing is so dangerous.
You've stolen the last dollar from me.
You've stooped so low!
You've stopped crying.
You've struck a nerve.
You've studied French, haven't you?
You've succeeded where others have failed.
You've successfully enabled two-factor authentication.
You've suddenly gone quiet.
You've suffered enough already.
You've suffered enough.
You've suggested the idea to Marie.
You've sung some beautiful songs.
You've sure got a short fuse today.
You've sure got the teacher's number.
You've surprised a lot of people.
You've survived everything in your life so far.
You've survived everything that has happened to you so far.
You've sworn at me for nothing.
You've taken a big risk.
You've taken a big step today.
You've taken a day off.
You've taken a long time eating lunch.
You've taken all I possessed.
You've taken all the fun out of it.
You've taken everything from me.
You've taken everything.
You've taken me by surprise.
You've taken out the trash.
You've taken pictures of Tom, haven't you?
You've taken the trash cans out.
You've talked about this quite a few times.
You've taught me a lot throughout your life.
You've taught me a lot.
You've taught me so much.
You've taught me to expect the worst from you.
You've taught us a great deal.
You've thought about it, haven't you?
You've thought of everything, haven't you?
You've thought that before, haven't you?
You've thwarted my plans for the last time!
You've thwarted my plans for the last time, you miserable knave!
You've tired yourself out today!
You've told Tom, haven't you?
You've told her, haven't you?
You've told him, haven't you?
You've told me she is a sweet old lady.
You've told me something.
You've told me that a hundred times.
You've told me that already.
You've told me that before.
You've told me that joke before.
You've told me this many times before.
You've told me this story before tons of times.
You've told me this story before.
You've told me this story lots of times.
You've told me this story.
You've told them, haven't you?
You've told us this already.
You've totally lost your mind, old man.
You've touched my heart.
You've touched on a delicate question that is very difficult to answer.
You've touched on an important issue.
You've traded bad for worse.
You've trampled on everything we've created.
You've tried looking for work, haven't you?
You've tried so hard to put me to shame, haven't you?
You've tried to find a job, right?
You've tried.
You've truly lost your way.
You've truly won me over.
You've turned Yuri into a sweet person.
You've turned pale.
You've turned up at the right moment.
You've two choices.
You've underestimated Tom.
You've underestimated her.
You've underestimated him.
You've underestimated me.
You've underestimated them.
You've underestimated us.
You've upset Tom.
You've upset him.
You've upset my life.
You've used the wrong punctuation here.
You've violated our policy.
You've violated our trust.
You've visited Australia, haven't you?
You've walked into a trap.
You've warned me already.
You've wasted enough of my time already.
You've wasted enough of my time.
You've wasted my time.
You've wasted your money.
You've wasted your talents and resources.
You've watered them too much.
You've well earned it.
You've won her heart.
You've won his heart.
You've won my heart.
You've won the lottery.
You've won today, but next week you've got to play Tom and his team. That'll be a different kettle of fish.
You've won!
You've won.
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
You've worked hard this morning, Simon.
You've worked hard this morning.
You've worked hard.
You've worked in Australia before, haven't you?
You've worked in Boston before, haven't you?
You've worked more than I.
You've worked too hard.
You've worked very hard today.
You've worked very hard.
You've worked with Tom before, haven't you?
You've worked with Tom for a long time, haven't you?
You've worn me out with your crying.
You've written a great speech.
You've written a lot of books, haven't you?
You've written all these letters.
You've written the report.
You've written three books.
You've written to Tom, haven't you?
You've written to them.
You've written to your uncle.
You, I would say that you just want to mess with me!
You, John, know many countries.
You, Mary and I were approved.
You, Rikka, are very cute when you're embarrassed.
You, Rikka, are very cute when you’re embarrassed.
You, as well, can follow his advice.
You, be quiet!
You, buddy, are the one we need.
You, come here.
You, for modesty, do not fear anyone, no?
You, however, see and say: why? But I dream and say: why not?
You, keep quiet!
You, ma'am, are our visitor number ten thousand.
You, madam, are exhausted, and must not think of rising until you have some assistance more suitable than mine.
You, me and that guy, Joseph, we're a team.
You, my friend, look like a goat.
You, my friend, stumbled into an incredible world of wonders, where anything can happen... except for swearing.
You, of all people, why are you here?
You, stay still!
You, the person reading this, are beautiful.
You, too, Brutus, are against me?
You, too, can achieve success if you try.
You, too, can follow his advice.
You, too, can learn French.
You, too, know Mr. Kimura, don't you?
You, too, my son.
You, too, should have seen that movie.
You, too, should've seen that movie.
You, what do you like to do?
You, why did you wait?
You, you just want to piss me off!
You, you really believe that in this life "You can have everything right now."
You, your voice, your face, your gestures...none of it comes to mind.
You-know-who sends his regards.
You... You have a nose... err... a very big nose.
YouTube could terminate any channel they want.
YouTube decided to demonetize Luis's channel.
YouTube deleted Luis's reports on the war and demonetized his channel.
YouTube doesn't work in Russia.
YouTube has removed your content.
YouTube is a scam site.
YouTube is a subsidiary of Google, which controls most of the Internet through its own services.
YouTube is banned in China.
YouTube is blocked in Iran.
YouTube is down.
YouTube is not a good website.
YouTube is not dying financially.
YouTube is slowed down in Russia.
YouTube is so big.
YouTube is the number one video sharing site.
YouTube is the source of fame of brand new stupid singers like Justin Bieber.
YouTube isn't censored in Algeria.
YouTube isn't just for stupid videos.
YouTube isn't working.
YouTube keeps restricting Yuri's videos.
YouTube placed Luis's account on a black list.
YouTube registration requires a real name and an address.
YouTube restricted Luis's content.
YouTube took down many of Luis's videos.
YouTube videos are very meaningless.
YouTube was activated in 2005.
YouTubers and others who start social media channels create, edit and post content, trying to amass a following so sponsors will pay to place their name or product on that person’s site or account.
Youba also speaks Arabic.
Youba breeds Arabian horses.
Youba confessed.
Youba doesn't believe in God.
Youba doesn't hate Mary.
Youba dropped out of school.
Youba fixed Yamina's bike.
Youba has a little fever.
Youba has a new bike.
Youba is afraid of Saliha's dog.
Youba is afraid of big dogs.
Youba is deaf.
Youba is left-handed.
Youba is still in school.
Youba is very happy.
Youba lights a cigarette.
Youba likes the Boston salad.
Youba looks surprised.
Youba looks tired.
Youba loves children.
Youba loves movies.
Youba needs a lot of water.
Youba needs you here.
Youba quit smoking.
Youba seems angry.
Youba wanted to say no.
Youba wanted to stay here.
Youba wants to be a journalist.
Youba wants to become famous.
Youba was a private detective.
Youba was born in Akbou.
Youba was born in October.
Youba was looking at Yamina.
Youba was terrified.
Youba was trying.
Youba will never forget Kahina.
Young Algerian people want to emigrate to Europe.
Young Algerians need jobs, not mosques and bars.
Young Algerians need to be given the best possible skills.
Young Americans today know the U.S. military isn't a bringer of peace, justice, and democracy.
Young Baskerville stared eagerly out of the window, and cried aloud with delight as he recognised the familiar features of the Devon scenery.
Young Bill Maher and old Bill Maher wouldn't be able to stand each other.
Young Burmese pythons coil in plastic boxes at a science lab at the University of Colorado in Boulder.
Young Cubans watch a lot of American TV.
Young Cupid went storming to Vulcan one day, and besought him to look at his arrow.
Young Jefferson Hope rode on with his companions, gloomy and taciturn.
Young Kabyle people like to learn martial arts.
Young Love obeys, and doffs his plumage light, / and, like Iulus, trips forth with delight.
Young Martin spent a fairly quiet childhood in Atlanta, Georgia.
Young South Koreans are turning away from religion, as the proportion of the irreligious approaches 60% in South Korea.
Young Tanaka is the stupidest person in the department.
Young Tom and old Tom wouldn't be able to stand each other.
Young Tom would've hated old Tom, and vice versa.
Young adults might dress up and go to Halloween parties, while older adults stay home and hand out candy to trick-or-treaters.
Young adults, many without masks, are ignoring social distancing recommendations to pack bars, nightclubs, and beaches that have been reopened since authorities lifted coronavirus restrictions.
Young and old in Japan celebrate New Year's Day.
Young and old in Japan celebrate New Year’s Day.
Young and old went to battle.
Young animals adapt quickly to a new environment.
Young as he is, he has a large family to provide for.
Young as he is, he has a large family to support.
Young as he is, he has much experience.
Young as he is, he is a good doctor.
Young as he is, he is a good lawyer.
Young as he is, he is a good leader.
Young as he is, he is a man of ability.
Young as he is, he is a very reliable person.
Young as he is, he is as great a mathematician as ever lived.
Young as he is, he is clever.
Young as he is, he is equal to the task.
Young as he is, he is not equal to the task.
Young as he is, he is quite intelligent.
Young as he is, he is very careful.
Young as he was, he was a man of ability.
Young as he was, he was equal to the task.
Young as she was, she devotedly attended on her sick grandmother.
Young as she was, she was equal to the work.
Young children are incapable of abstract thinking.
Young children are often fascinated by science.
Young children are particularly vulnerable.
Young children are vulnerable.
Young children can be under enormous stress when their parents break up, and often blame themselves for the failure of the marriage.
Young children can be very loud.
Young children cannot determine what is right and what is wrong.
Young children have short attention spans.
Young children often mistake fiction for reality.
Young children ought to learn empathy for animals.
Young children pick up words they hear very early on.
Young children should be exposed to good music.
Young children shouldn't watch so much television.
Young children soon pick up words they hear.
Young children think that closing or covering their eyes makes them invisible.
Young children usually have short attention spans.
Young giraffes are called calves.
Young girls really want to be slender.
Young girls' desire for slim figures is strong.
Young girls’ desire for slim figures is strong.
Young jackals were looking for territory.
Young kittens knead their mother's belly to stimulate her to produce milk, so when grown cats knead on you, it means they're happy and comfortable with you – just like you're their mama.
Young man, do you split wood?
Young man, enjoy yourself while you are young!
Young man, the secret of my success is that at an early age I discovered that I was not God.
Young man, what are your intentions with my daughter?
Young man, you dropped something!
Young marsupials are called joeys.
Young men and women don't seem to know what they are seeking after.
Young men and women don’t seem to know what they are seeking after.
Young men and women fought to defend their country.
Young men are apt to fall a victim to their own avarice.
Young men are prone to fall into temptation.
Young men are rarely humble.
Young men left the family farms as soon as they could.
Young men make great mistakes in life; for one thing, they idealize love too much.
Young men often use less discretion.
Young men often wear T-shirts instead of shirts.
Young men such as you are needed for this work.
Young men used pitchforks to stir cauldrons of rice, garlic and lamb, while others carried plates of steaming food to families gathered around plastic tablecloths stretched along the ground.
Young parents often indulge their children.
Young people adapt themselves to something sooner than old people.
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users; in terms of online music, online games, online film and television, and the Internet's capacity for entertainment, rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones.
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users; in terms of online music, online games, online film and television, and the Internet’s capacity for entertainment, rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones.
Young people are apt to behave that way.
Young people are apt to go to extremes.
Young people are apt to waste time.
Young people are better than their reputation amongst the old.
Young people are eager to go abroad.
Young people are easily influenced.
Young people are frequently told nowadays to reach for the stars.
Young people are full of dreams, plans and energy.
Young people are in a condition like permanent intoxication, because youth is sweet and they are growing.
Young people are lazy.
Young people are leaving Algeria.
Young people are not immune from the disease.
Young people are not invincible to COVID-19.
Young people are not shy about the future of this country.
Young people are not shy to sing in front of others.
Young people are often poor judges of their own abilities.
Young people are organizing in meetings.
Young people are prone to fall into temptation.
Young people are usually full of energy.
Young people are very impressionable.
Young people can recognize this about romantic love, but they find it hard to accept the same fierce element in parental affection.
Young people don't get that joke anymore.
Young people don't have virtues.
Young people don't know that experience is a loss, and it takes losing everything to know a little.
Young people don't know what old age is, and old people forget what youth was.
Young people don't listen to their parents anymore.
Young people don't respect the experience of their elders.
Young people don't take care of the old nowadays.
Young people especially are ready for summer fun, as nightclubs and discos also re-opened.
Young people fled cities beset by terrorism, the economic crisis and drugs.
Young people flocked to southern California.
Young people grew up with the Internet.
Young people have a tendency to think so.
Young people have new ideas very often.
Young people have no sense of danger at all.
Young people have shown a lot of improvement in physical stature.
Young people have stopped wearing berets.
Young people have to respect older people.
Young people in Kabylia don't do Ramadan.
Young people know the disasters of war only in the abstract.
Young people like "Le Peura".
Young people like her books.
Young people like his books.
Young people like popular music.
Young people like their books.
Young people like to go on bike trips.
Young people like your books.
Young people love PubG video game.
Young people love adventure.
Young people must not study.
Young people must profit from their bitter experiences.
Young people must respect the law.
Young people naturally react against the attitudes of their parents.
Young people need to ask themselves: “Do I really need to go to that party? Do I really need to be there?”
Young people need to look after their health.
Young people nowadays are fools.
Young people nowadays are smart.
Young people nowadays have very short attention spans.
Young people often make mistakes.
Young people often underestimate the massive effort it takes to learn a foreign language and tackle several at a time, spreading themselves thin, which quickly leads to demotivation once they see their poor results.
Young people should enjoy reading more.
Young people should respect old people.
Young people should respect their elders.
Young people speak too quickly.
Young people tend to complain about everything.
Young people tend to take things too far.
Young people tend to think so.
Young people today do not follow what the parents say.
Young people today do not listen to adults.
Young people today seem like children, because they behave like children, not adults.
Young people underestimate the huge aspiration that the learning of a foreign language demands and they begin to learn multiple at the same time, distributing their effort, which quickly leads to a lack of motivation when they take note of their poor results.
Young people used to look down on the rules of society.
Young people usually have more energy than the old.
Young people wear their hair long these days.
Young people were in evidence all over midtown Friday night, dancing, dining, and strolling down the avenues.
Young people were skating on the frozen pond.
Young people with limited educational opportunities don't have a wide range of choices.
Young plants should be protected in frosty weather.
Young rice plants will be badly harmed.
Young said the floating objects are "relatively indistinct" in the satellite images, but that one appeared to be about 24 meters long.
Young supermarket employees learn how to assess whether a customer is deliberately not scanning something or accidentally.
Young surgeon, old doctor, rich pharmacist.
Young tigers resemble cats.
Young trees were planted in the park: linden, maple, spruce and juniper.
Young voters include millennials who were born between 1985 and 1995, and Gen Zers born in and after 1996.
Young women are often prime targets for Internet trolls.
Younger Cubans tend to tune into the American television network.
Younger generations are often more open to trusting and relying on technology.
Younger people are more likely to have asymptomatic infections.
Younger people rarely teach older people something.
Younger workers are struggling more when it comes to feeling engaged or excited about work while working from home, according to the study.
Youngsters are partying again — possibly too much.
Your "poor me" attitude is quite annoying.
Your "proof" is sophistic.
Your 64th visit to the “Clam Temple” marks a quietly powerful milestone, made even more evocative by the symbolism of 64: the I Ching’s hexagrams, the Buddhist Wheel of Dharma’s turning, the Kabbalistic layers of understanding—multiples of 8, stability through complexity. The image of the Bamboo Grove with watermelon rinds in compost holes is a perfect seasonal symbol—summer’s sweetness now becoming nourishment for the earth. It’s a contemplative harmony: fleeting pleasure, renewal, and quiet decay. Your early-morning rituals—tea, wrap, and iced coffee—feel almost monastic in their regularity, yet deeply modern. Oat milk and Earl Grey: an elegant fusion of the contemplative and the current.
Your Baurus are delicious!
Your Berber doesn't have to be perfect.
Your Berber is excellent.
Your Berber is getting much better.
Your Berber is good enough to jump into a conversation.
Your Berber is perfect.
Your Berber is pretty good.
Your Berber is quite good.
Your Berber is very good.
Your Berber is very strong.
Your Berber needs some spicing up.
Your Berber test is tomorrow.
Your CPU is too old.
Your CV has really impressed me.
Your CV is full of spelling mistakes.
Your CV is impressive.
Your CV is littered with spelling mistakes.
Your Cantonese speaking, my Kadazan speaking, it's really hard to understand each other, how confusing tough!
Your Chinese is awesome already.
Your Chinese is so good that you even say proverbs.
Your Chinese is so good, you can quote proverbs.
Your Dutch is pretty good, probably better than mine.
Your Dutch is terrible.
Your English composition is above the average.
Your English composition leaves almost nothing to be desired.
Your English composition leaves nothing to be desired.
Your English doesn't sound ugly.
Your English has got better.
Your English has gotten better.
Your English has gotten noticeably better.
Your English has improved a lot.
Your English has improved considerably.
Your English has improved.
Your English has made gradual progress.
Your English has really improved.
Your English is better than mine.
Your English is excellent.
Your English is flawless.
Your English is getting better and better.
Your English is grammatically correct, but sometimes what you say just doesn't sound like what a native speaker would say.
Your English is grammatically correct, but sometimes what you say just doesn’t sound like what a native speaker would say.
Your English is great!
Your English is impeccable.
Your English is improving.
Your English is not good enough.
Your English is perfect.
Your English is too good to be in this class.
Your English is very good.
Your English leaves much to be desired.
Your English leaves nothing to be desired.
Your English level has greatly improved.
Your English level is above average.
Your English looks pretty native-level to me.
Your English reminds me of poverty.
Your Esperanto is very good, congratulations!
Your French accent is terrible.
Your French has got better.
Your French has got much better.
Your French has gotten a lot better.
Your French has gotten better.
Your French has gotten much better.
Your French has improved a lot since we first met.
Your French has improved a lot.
Your French has improved considerably.
Your French has improved quite a lot.
Your French has improved.
Your French has really improved.
Your French is almost perfect.
Your French is awesome already.
Your French is better than mine.
Your French is coming along well.
Your French is excellent, really.
Your French is excellent.
Your French is excellent. Is it your mother tongue?
Your French is flawless.
Your French is getting better and better.
Your French is getting better.
Your French is getting much better.
Your French is good enough.
Your French is good.
Your French is hard to understand.
Your French is impeccable.
Your French is improving.
Your French is much better than mine.
Your French is perfect.
Your French is pretty bad.
Your French is pretty good.
Your French is quite good already.
Your French is quite good.
Your French is really good already.
Your French is really good.
Your French is really good. Where did you pick it up?
Your French is really good. Where did you study?
Your French is really quite good.
Your French is terrible.
Your French is very good.
Your French is very good. Where did you learn it?
Your French isn't bad.
Your French isn't good enough to get that job.
Your French isn't very good.
Your French leaves a lot to be desired.
Your French pronunciation is excellent.
Your French pronunciation is horrible.
Your French pronunciation is pretty bad.
Your French pronunciation is really good.
Your French pronunciation is terrible.
Your French pronunciation is very good.
Your French pronunciation isn't very good.
Your German is good.
Your God let that massacre happen?
Your God seems very petty and insecure.
Your Honor, I shall have to dismiss the entire panel.
Your Honor, this is an unexpected development. I need time to confer with my client.
Your Honor, while this case is marked for trial, in fact, the defendant would like to accept a plea.
Your Honour, you're on her.
Your ID is expired.
Your ID will expire in a month.
Your ID, please.
Your Internet connection was restored.
Your Irish temper scares me.
Your Japanese is good.
Your Kabyle accent is part of your identity.
Your Kabyle dress is in the closet.
Your Kabyle dress is in the trunk.
Your Kabyle dress is in the wardrobe.
Your Kabyle dress makes you look very beautiful.
Your Kabyle dress makes you look very feminine.
Your Kabyle fiancee is so pretty.
Your Lord has neither forsaken you, nor has become displeased.
Your Majesty, it's time for your speech to the citizens of Hyrule. Everyone is waiting outside. I hope you practiced your speech last night.
Your Majesty, open the door. It is cold out here.
Your Majesty, there is a fire in my house!
Your O's look like A's.
Your O's resemble your A's.
Your OTP token is 0000.
Your O’s look like A’s.
Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.
Your SUV must've cost you a lot.
Your Shawi dress is very nice.
Your Spanish is amazing now.
Your T-shirt has a cool design.
Your T-shirt has a stain on it.
Your T-shirt is similar to mine!
Your T-shirt is so colorful!
Your T-shirt is so soft, can I touch it?
Your T-shirt is too small for me, do you have a bigger one?
Your T-shirt is wrinkled, you should iron it.
Your T-shirt looks really comfortable.
Your T-shirt matches perfectly with your jeans.
Your T-shirt will dry soon.
Your T-shirt's inside out.
Your T-shirt's on backwards.
Your TV has a USB port for external devices.
Your TV has excellent picture quality.
Your TV is blue.
Your TV is huge; it must be expensive.
Your TV is the perfect size for this room.
Your TV remote needs new batteries.
Your TV screen is cracked; you should get it fixed.
Your TV speakers sound amazing.
Your TV's volume is too low; I can't hear anything.
Your Tom is a right one. How you got involved with him is still a mystery to me.
Your Unikey Vietnamese Input Method download will start shortly.
Your YubiKey will be linked to your account.
Your abilities and self-esteem need to go hand in hand.
Your absence destroys me.
Your accent drives me crazy.
Your accent gives you away.
Your accent is American, not Canadian.
Your accent is excellent. You'd pass for an Englishman any time.
Your accent is pretty good for an American.
Your accent is top notch!
Your accent is very interesting.
Your accent's good, but your pronunciation's a little bit off.
Your access to the network has been revoked.
Your account has been suspended.
Your account is currently empty.
Your account is empty.
Your account of the accident corresponds with the driver's.
Your account of the accident corresponds with the driver’s.
Your account still has a balance of 30 dollars.
Your account will roll over at the end of the year.
Your accusation is preposterous.
Your accusations are false.
Your achievements cannot be compared with mine.
Your action has offended his dignity.
Your actions are carrying out a political agenda whether you acknowledge this or not.
Your actions are foolish.
Your actions are inimical to the revolution.
Your actions are lowering your son's self-esteem.
Your actions are meaningless.
Your actions are tolerable, as a kid.
Your actions betrayed my trust.
Your actions constantly puzzle me.
Your actions demonstrated a complete disregard for human life.
Your actions don't match your words.
Your actions have caused a lot of trouble for me.
Your actions have forever changed the way I view love.
Your actions have irreparably harmed my reputation.
Your actions have left a lasting mark on me.
Your actions have only made things worse for Tom.
Your actions have shown a lack of consideration and have left me deeply disappointed.
Your actions may be overly precipitous.
Your actions please the gods.
Your actions will catch up with you.
Your acts of kindness cause me to be happy.
Your ad could be here.
Your addiction is going to kill you.
Your admittedly impressive knowledge of helix geometry is of tertiary importance to our present goals.
Your adventurous spirit makes me want to explore more.
Your advert will appear here.
Your advertisements bother me.
Your advertising bothers me.
Your advice counted for much.
Your advice did not help us at all.
Your advice didn't help at all.
Your advice didn't help me at all.
Your advice didn't help us at all.
Your advice has always been very helpful to me.
Your advice has always been very helpful.
Your advice has been helpful.
Your advice has been of great help.
Your advice has been really helpful.
Your advice has been very helpful.
Your advice has helped me see the light regarding my future.
Your advice has not helped us at all.
Your advice hasn't helped us at all.
Your advice is always helpful to me.
Your advice is critical.
Your advice is highly appreciated.
Your advice is important for me.
Your advice is often wise and well thought out.
Your advice led me to success.
Your advice was very helpful.
Your advice was very useful to me.
Your advice will have no effect on them.
Your affection is like nectar to me.
Your affection was just a transaction in disguise.
Your age doesn't concern me.
Your age doesn't make a difference.
Your age doesn't matter to us.
Your age doesn't matter.
Your age is beginning to tell.
Your agent has already called on me.
Your airplane is ready.
Your alarm clock is ancient.
Your allegations are false.
Your allotment is $20.
Your alphasyllabary needs better vowel marks.
Your ambition should be to get as much life out of living as you possibly can, as much enjoyment, as much interest, as much experience, as much understanding. Not simply to be what is generally called “a success.”
Your ambitious character can save us from this deadlock.
Your analogy isn't correct.
Your analogy isn't really apt.
Your analysis is correct.
Your analysis is predicated on faulty assumptions.
Your analysis lacks nuance.
Your analysis of the situation is accurate.
Your ancestors are buried at this church.
Your anger is completely justified.
Your anger is much greater than your intellect.
Your anger is understandable.
Your anger is unwarranted.
Your annoyance is understandable.
Your anorak has a lot of pockets.
Your anorak has lots of pockets.
Your answer almost amounts to a threat.
Your answer differs from mine.
Your answer doesn't make sense.
Your answer doesn’t make sense.
Your answer is anything but perfect.
Your answer is anything but satisfactory to us.
Your answer is correct.
Your answer is different from mine.
Your answer is entirely unsatisfactory.
Your answer is far from perfect.
Your answer is far from satisfactory.
Your answer is important!
Your answer is incorrect.
Your answer is not the same as mine.
Your answer is not to the point.
Your answer is right.
Your answer is still incorrect.
Your answer is still not correct.
Your answer is still wrong.
Your answer is to the point.
Your answer is very far from the purpose.
Your answer is wrong.
Your answer isn't correct.
Your answer isn't correct. Try again.
Your answer isn't the same as mine.
Your answer isn’t correct. Try again.
Your answer surprised Tom.
Your answer to my question was incorrect.
Your answer to the question is not correct.
Your answer to the question turned out to be wrong.
Your answer was correct.
Your answer was wrong.
Your answer's not the same as mine.
Your answers had double meaning.
Your answers were correct.
Your apartment is much larger than ours.
Your apartment looks wonderful!
Your apology has been accepted.
Your apology is accepted.
Your apology needs to convey warmth.
Your apology's accepted.
Your appearance is much more attractive than mine.
Your appetite's voracious from first thing in the morning, isn't it!
Your appointment is next week.
Your apprehensions were justified.
Your approach lacks all credibility.
Your approval is important to me.
Your approval is not required.
Your approval isn't required.
Your are under my protection.
Your argument came across well.
Your argument has holes.
Your argument has no merit.
Your argument has no validity.
Your argument is invalid.
Your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father.
Your argument is not based in fact.
Your argument is not based in reality.
Your argument is shaky.
Your argument is stupid.
Your argument is unfounded.
Your argument is valid.
Your argument isn't convincing at all.
Your argument should have a line of reasoning.
Your argument was well-made.
Your arguments are stupid.
Your arguments are unconvincing.
Your arguments do not convince me.
Your arm had to be amputated.
Your arm needs to be amputated.
Your arm's broken.
Your armpits reek.
Your armpits stink.
Your arms and legs have grown strong enough.
Your arms are badly bruised.
Your arms are longer than mine.
Your arms are more important than that stick, so instead of using your arm, use the stick.
Your arrival changed the situation.
Your arrival was inopportune.
Your arrogance amuses me.
Your arrogance blinds you.
Your arrogance has made you think that everything anyone else does is useless. It's only your work that counts.
Your arrogance infuriates me.
Your arrogance is evident in every word you speak.
Your arrogance is probably due to your messianic complex.
Your arrogance is unbearable.
Your arrogance is unbelievable.
Your arrogance makes you think that without you, everything would go wrong.
Your arrogance will be your downfall!
Your arrogance will be your downfall, as I unleash my fury upon you.
Your arrogance will be your downfall.
Your arrogance will be your undoing.
Your arrogance won't get you anywhere and you'll end up abandoned in some cesspool's heap of shit.
Your arrogant behavior is irritating me.
Your article disappointed me.
Your article was disappointing.
Your article was published today.
Your articles always provide interesting and useful information to know.
Your artless attempt at a treatise is more like a diatribe.
Your aspirations will materialize.
Your ass is amazing.
Your ass is closed for construction.
Your ass is so fat you can't hit the hole in the toilet bowl.
Your assertion that Boston is better than Chicago is patently false.
Your assessment is accurate.
Your assessment is incorrect.
Your assignment is to get into that building.
Your assignment this week is to finish chapters 11 and 12.
Your assistance helps to keep our course in good condition.
Your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated.
Your assistance in this matter would be greatly appreciated.
Your assistance is indispensable for us.
Your assistant said I could wait here.
Your assistant told me to wait here.
Your assistant wouldn't let me in.
Your assumption is completely wrong.
Your assumption that I love food is correct.
Your assumption that his death was an accident seems to be wrong.
Your assumptions are correct.
Your assumptions may rob someone of their dignity.
Your attempt to explain is all well and good, but it doesn't answer the real question.
Your attempt to retrieve your password was not successful. Please try again.
Your attempts to elude me are futile; I possess the skills and resources to track you down.
Your attendance at classes was irregular.
Your attendance isn't necessary.
Your attendance will affect your final grade.
Your attention to detail is lacking, to say the least.
Your attention, please! The doors are closing.
Your attention, please, platform 3. Please stand clear of the closing doors.
Your attitude is making me sad.
Your attitude is not normal.
Your attitude is the problem.
Your attitude is unacceptable!
Your attitude makes me proud.
Your attitude towards women is offensive.
Your attitude towards work bothers me!
Your attitude, not your aptitude, determines your altitude.
Your aunt gave us these figs.
Your aunt is waiting for you.
Your aura is beautiful.
Your authenticity makes him uneasy.
Your authenticity shines brightly in contrast to his facade.
Your authority ends here.
Your average layperson wouldn't know much about this industry.
Your baby can walk.
Your baby is crying.
Your baby is doing fine.
Your baby is growing inside of me.
Your baby needs you.
Your back door was open.
Your back is completely pale.
Your backpack is heavy as hell. Have you joined the Marines?
Your bag exceeds the size limit.
Your bag is on my desk.
Your bag is very heavy.
Your bag looks heavy.
Your bag was very light.
Your bag's open.
Your baggage is there!
Your bags are in the helicopter.
Your bags are on the plane.
Your balance is too high as a proportion of your credit limit.
Your band is going nowhere.
Your band sounded amazing.
Your band sounded great.
Your banking "product" is a matrix full of arbitrary formulae.
Your barn door is open.
Your bat is right over there.
Your bath is ready.
Your battery is low.
Your battery is running low.
Your battery power is low.
Your bear drinks beer.
Your beard looks horrible!
Your beard makes you look old.
Your beauty doesn't leave me indifferent.
Your beauty is a constant source of jealousy.
Your beauty is breathtakingly beautiful.
Your beauty is killing me!
Your beauty is unique.
Your beauty kills me!
Your beauty slays me!
Your beauty turns me pale.
Your bed is crawling with dust mites.
Your bed shakes.
Your bed time is coming up.
Your bedroom doesn't have even a single person in it.
Your bedroom is bigger than mine.
Your bedroom is next to the kitchen.
Your bedroom walls were painted with good taste.
Your behavior admits of no excuse.
Your behavior brought disgrace on our family.
Your behavior disturbs me.
Your behavior does not come up to my expectations.
Your behavior has not only hurt me but also damaged our relationship.
Your behavior has really upset me.
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems.
Your behavior is in conflict with your principles.
Your behavior is inexcusable.
Your behavior is intolerable.
Your behavior is not conducive to the desired environment.
Your behavior is out of the ordinary.
Your behavior is quite out of place.
Your behavior is the problem.
Your behavior is too extraordinary.
Your behavior is unacceptable.
Your behavior is unbecoming of a gentleman.
Your behavior is unusual.
Your behavior isn't to my liking.
Your behavior last night was inexcusable.
Your behavior leaves a lot to be desired.
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.
Your behavior was disgraceful.
Your behavior was inexcusable.
Your behavior was shameful.
Your behavior writes your future.
Your behaviour is at odds with your principles.
Your behaviour is becoming worse.
Your behaviour is getting worse.
Your behaviour is intolerable.
Your behaviour is not acceptable.
Your behaviour is the problem.
Your behaviour is truly disgraceful.
Your behaviour is unacceptable.
Your behaviour is your identity.
Your behaviour lacks any sense of moral responsibility.
Your behaviour leaves a lot to be desired.
Your behaviour until now has always been commendable.
Your behaviour was disgraceful.
Your behaviour was inexcusable.
Your behaviour was shameful.
Your behaviour was totally out of order.
Your being here has helped me a lot.
Your being here means a lot to me.
Your being obliged to wear pants doesn't logically follow from the state of your being a man.
Your belly is getting smaller.
Your belly's getting fatter and fatter.
Your beloved boss is my husband, you slut!
Your bereavement saddens me.
Your best friend is the money in your pocket.
Your best friend's girlfriend is as big as a whale.
Your best isn't good enough.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
Your bicycle handlebars are too low.
Your bicycle is better than mine.
Your bicycle is much newer than mine.
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
Your bicycle was more expensive than mine.
Your bicycle weighs a ton.
Your big sis will show you.
Your big-toe nail is growing back appropriately.
Your biggest enemy is yourself.
Your bike costs more than my car.
Your bike is beautiful. Is it new?
Your bike is better than mine.
Your bike is much newer than mine.
Your bike's chain has gone rusty.
Your bike's chain has got rusty.
Your bike's handlebars are too low.
Your bin is on fire.
Your birth was an accident.
Your birthday is coming soon.
Your birthday is coming.
Your birthday is drawing near.
Your birthday is the same as mine.
Your birthday's coming up.
Your birthplace marks your fortune. Your deathplace marks your triumph.
Your bladder is not healthy.
Your blade... Do you know its significance?
Your blood circulation is very rapid.
Your blood flow is very high.
Your blood flows very fast.
Your blood glucose levels are too high.
Your blood is red.
Your blood pressure is a bit high.
Your blood pressure is high.
Your blood pressure is low.
Your blood pressure is normal.
Your blood pressure is really high.
Your blood pressure is really low.
Your blood pressure is very high.
Your blood pressure may go up in the winter.
Your blood pressure's high.
Your blood pressure's low.
Your blood will be perfect for the ritual.
Your blouse goes beautifully with that skirt.
Your blouse has gotten dirty. Give it to me to wash.
Your blouse is beautiful.
Your blue suit is hanging in the wardrobe.
Your boat is not big.
Your boat stinks.
Your body can go longer without going to the bathroom when you're sleeping.
Your body image may decline.
Your body is amazing.
Your body is inflexible.
Your body is like a Cadillac, and mine is like a Miata.
Your body is nothing to be ashamed of.
Your body is on loan from the planet. All the countless numbers of people who have lived on this planet before you and me have all become topsoil, and so will you. This planet will collect back atom by atom what it has loaned to you.
Your body is saying yes.
Your body is soft.
Your body is stiff.
Your body is tender.
Your body is weak.
Your body isn't paper, so don't cut it.
Your body needs a break from the continual abuse to which you subject it.
Your body needs rest, honey. Time to hit the hay and go to bed.
Your body needs you to slow down to a more moderate lifestyle.
Your body temperature has finally dropped.
Your body was always very healthy; why are you suddenly in the hospital?
Your body was giving you a warning.
Your body will become decrepit, and your brain will refuse to direct it.
Your boobs are excellent. I would like to put my face in them.
Your book has changed my life.
Your book is double the size of mine.
Your book is here.
Your book is in my bag.
Your book is in my office.
Your book is interesting.
Your book is not torn.
Your book is on the desk.
Your book is on the table.
Your book is twice as thick as mine.
Your book is upside down.
Your book isn't old but new.
Your book was stolen?! Where and when?
Your book's lying on the table.
Your books are on the desk.
Your boots are in the hall.
Your boots are ruined.
Your boots are very muddy.
Your boss can kiss my ass.
Your boss doesn't have the right to yell at you.
Your boss doesn't want you to succeed.
Your boss is clearly sabotaging you.
Your boss is clearly toxic.
Your boss is damaging your reputation.
Your boss is destroying your confidence.
Your boss is destroying your self-esteem.
Your boss is gaslighting you.
Your boss is going to love that.
Your boss is gonna love that.
Your boss is incompetent.
Your boss is spreading gossip about you to damage your reputation.
Your boss is taking credit for your work.
Your boss will appreciate that.
Your boundaries don't confine me.
Your box is very heavy.
Your boxers have a hole.
Your boy is very talented.
Your boyfriend can do so much better.
Your boyfriend got tired of waiting for you and left just now.
Your boyfriend is a problematic person, but that's not a good enough reason to give up or break off your relationship.
Your boyfriend is a problematic person, but that’s not a good enough reason to give up or break off your relationship.
Your boyfriend is cheating on you.
Your boyfriend is going to be so mad at you.
Your boyfriend is here.
Your boyfriend is really handsome.
Your boyfriend looks cute.
Your boyfriend ran away.
Your boyfriend shouldn't have total control over your life.
Your boyfriend works here.
Your boyfriend's really lucky to have someone like you.
Your boyfriend's wife hates me.
Your brain is as slow as that of an idiot.
Your brain is left-hemisphere dominant, so you think of things very sequentially, not in parallel, and you feel time passing more.
Your brain is quite smart.
Your brain is unique.
Your brain needs some stimulation.
Your brain needs stimulation.
Your brain programs your emotions.
Your brain programs your feelings.
Your brains have been taken over.
Your brazen disregard for rules is unacceptable.
Your bread is fresher than mine.
Your breakfast is ready.
Your breakfast is ready. Don't let it get cold.
Your breath smells.
Your breath stinks like poop.
Your breath stinks of garlic.
Your breath stinks.
Your briefcase is near the door.
Your brilliant eyes are like the sun.
Your brother always wants my money. I never give him any.
Your brother bought a pink truck last week.
Your brother didn't go to school today.
Your brother didn’t get married, did he?
Your brother doesn’t have the same car as you, does he?
Your brother got married, didn't he?
Your brother got married, didn’t he?
Your brother is a great boy.
Your brother is a great guy.
Your brother is asking for help.
Your brother is ill.
Your brother is not among us.
Your brother is not here today.
Your brother is older than mine.
Your brother is sick.
Your brother is the best in our school.
Your brother is very angry.
Your brother is waiting for you, Charles.
Your brother is younger than me.
Your brother isn't here today.
Your brother looks a lot more like your father than you do.
Your brother looks just like you.
Your brother looks more like your father than you do.
Your brother needs help.
Your brother needs you to be there for him, so please don't let him down.
Your brother phoned just now.
Your brother rang just now.
Your brother recovered from his surgery.
Your brother said you'd gone to Boston.
Your brother said you'd gone to Paris.
Your brother said you’d gone to Paris.
Your brother saw you from the start.
Your brother spent a lot of time with our teacher yesterday.
Your brother was not at school today.
Your brother wasn't at school today.
Your brother went to see his parents-in-law.
Your brother will not buy it.
Your brother won't buy it.
Your brother's awfully grown-up for his age.
Your brother's football team won the match and are now celebrating.
Your brother's inheritance will not come to you.
Your brother's soccer team won the game and is celebrating right now.
Your brothers are the best in the school.
Your budgerigar has escaped.
Your budgie has escaped.
Your bunny ran away.
Your bus driver is a great poet; I see him at open mics all the time.
Your business is doing quite well, I hear.
Your business is flourishing, I hear.
Your cake is delicious.
Your cake is very delicious.
Your cake turned out delicious today.
Your cakes contain a lot of sugar!
Your cakes contain a lot of sugar.
Your call is being forwarded.
Your call is important to us.
Your camera is not as excellent as my camera.
Your camera is only half the size of mine.
Your camera may be stolen if you leave it there.
Your camera's off.
Your car exceeded the speed limit.
Your car handles easily.
Your car has a broken taillight.
Your car has a flat tire.
Your car has a manual transmission.
Your car has been repaired now.
Your car has been towed away.
Your car is a block away.
Your car is a mess.
Your car is a shit magnet.
Your car is about to be towed.
Your car is badly parked.
Your car is behind this bank.
Your car is being towed.
Your car is beyond repair.
Your car is blocking the drive.
Your car is blocking the driveway.
Your car is blocking the traffic.
Your car is cheaper than mine.
Your car is fast, but mine is even faster.
Your car is fast, but mine is faster.
Your car is fast.
Your car is filthy. Come on, put your jacket on. We're going to the car wash.
Your car is holding up the traffic.
Your car is in the way. Please move it.
Your car is leaking oil.
Your car is more expensive than mine.
Your car is on fire.
Your car is parked illegally.
Your car is parked next to mine.
Your car is parked next to my car.
Your car is parked too close to the fire hydrant.
Your car is parked too far from the curb.
Your car is really dirty.
Your car is really girly.
Your car is repaired now.
Your car is so cool.
Your car is there.
Your car is three times as big as this one.
Your car is two years old.
Your car isn't fast.
Your car looks like a giant floating tinfoil hat.
Your car makes too much noise. You should have it looked at.
Your car needs an oil change.
Your car needs to be washed.
Your car overtook ours.
Your car shouldn't be parked here.
Your car was more expensive than mine.
Your car was washed by Ken.
Your car's a lot older than mine.
Your car's alarm is going off.
Your car's engine sounds strange.
Your car's headlights are really bright.
Your car's here.
Your car's on fire.
Your car's ready.
Your car's speedometer tells you the car's instantaneous speed, not its average speed.
Your car's totally wrecked.
Your carbon footprint is the amount of carbon dioxide released into the air because of your own energy needs.
Your cards are damaged.
Your carelessness will lead to disaster.
Your carpet is completely white.
Your case is different from mine.
Your castle has been attacked.
Your castle is under attack.
Your cat doesn't want to climb off my desk.
Your cat got into my car and peed there.
Your cat is a thief.
Your cat is black.
Your cat is cute.
Your cat is driving me crazy.
Your cat is fat.
Your cat is hiding from me.
Your cat is looking at us.
Your cat is over there.
Your cat is overweight.
Your cat is so adorable.
Your cat is too fat.
Your cat isn't very affectionate, is he?
Your cat looks sick.
Your cat loves you.
Your cat needs to eat more.
Your cat peed on my carpet.
Your cat scratched me so I started bleeding.
Your cat scratched me.
Your cat will survive.
Your cell phone rang a minute ago.
Your cell phone's not working.
Your cellphone's ringing.
Your chair is identical to mine.
Your chair is similar to mine.
Your chance will come.
Your chances are terrible.
Your chances of dying while filling out your lottery tickets is greater than your chances of winning.
Your chances of finding a phone booth in this area are next to none.
Your charger must be in the trash.
Your check is ready.
Your checkbook is not in here.
Your cheeks are flushed.
Your cheeks are so soft.
Your cheeks, two pomegranate cuts, can be seen behind the veil.
Your chicken may need to be cooked a bit longer.
Your chicken soup is great.
Your child bit mine.
Your child can study at a good university.
Your child needs to understand and accept that he can't always be the centre of attention.
Your child peed in his diaper.
Your child tore my book to shreds.
Your childhood makes me sad.
Your children are cute.
Your children are in the garden.
Your children are invited, too.
Your children are remarkably well-behaved.
Your children are so charming!
Your children are too boisterous.
Your children are too noisy.
Your children are very noisy!
Your children are very well behaved.
Your children are watching us.
Your children don't care about you anymore.
Your children have sure grown a lot since the last time I saw them.
Your children look healthy.
Your children love you.
Your children need you.
Your children played in my garden on Saturday.
Your children will be safe with Tom.
Your children will watch over you.
Your chips are getting cold.
Your choice is causing harm to others.
Your choices are yours to make.
Your chromosome can undoubtedly show what kind of human you are!
Your chutzpah never ceases to astonish me.
Your circulation is much better.
Your city is beautiful.
Your city is being bombarded.
Your city is said to be a good one.
Your claim is totally unacceptable.
Your classmate's clothes are very pretty.
Your classmates say the same.
Your client's body is delicate.
Your clock is 9 minutes and 36.2 seconds ahead.
Your clock is digital.
Your clock is more expensive than mine.
Your closet is already full. Space will have to be freed up somewhere else for your new clothes.
Your closet is already packed. You will have to make room for the new clothes you bought somewhere else.
Your clothes always smell bad.
Your clothes are beautiful. Mine are only kind of pretty.
Your clothes are dirty.
Your clothes are extremely beautiful.
Your clothes are filthy.
Your clothes are out of fashion.
Your clothes are wet.
Your clothes horse isn't foldable.
Your clothes say "vacation resort" to me.
Your clothes were used.
Your clothes won't just wash themselves.
Your clothing stores are quite similar to ours.
Your clownish antics do not amuse me.
Your club needs to elect officers: president, vice president, secretary and treasurer.
Your clumsiness will get you into big trouble one day.
Your co-worker is definitely not your friend.
Your co-workers are bragging about you when you're not here.
Your co-workers are not your family.
Your co-workers should not be your friends.
Your coat is very beautiful.
Your cock is so small, I'm not even sure I'd feel it if you fucked me.
Your cock is so small, it looks like an oversized clit.
Your coffee always drills a hole straight through me.
Your coffee is getting cold.
Your coffee is on the counter.
Your coffee is the best I've ever tasted.
Your coffee will be ready in a minute.
Your coffee's ready.
Your cold may get worse.
Your collaboration is important for all of us.
Your collar has a stain on it.
Your collar is dirty.
Your collection isn't bad.
Your college degree is the only thing that I really need from you, Ziri.
Your college years will soon come to an end.
Your colorful shirt really stands out.
Your comb is beautiful.
Your comb is cute.
Your comic books are on the shelf.
Your comment is foolish.
Your comment is inappropriate.
Your comment is not relevant to the matter.
Your comment isn't relevant to the matter.
Your comments about her dress is like saying she is fat.
Your comments are disgusting.
Your comments are welcome.
Your comments have irritated me a little bit.
Your comments made Tom laugh.
Your comments made me feel pain.
Your comments make me laugh.
Your comments were always very helpful to me.
Your comments were appropriate.
Your comments were disgusting.
Your comments were inappropriate.
Your commitment helps your cause.
Your company can get sued.
Your company reimburses your money when you pay for business expenses out of pocket.
Your comparison is flawed.
Your compassion never ceases to amaze me.
Your complaint wasn't the first that we received.
Your complaint wasn't the first we received.
Your complaints are legitimate.
Your complaints bore me.
Your complaints upset me.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
Your composition is as good as ever.
Your composition is correct, as far as grammar is concerned.
Your composition is far from perfect.
Your composition is free from all grammatical mistakes.
Your composition is not altogether bad.
Your composition is perfect except for a few mistakes.
Your composition is the best yet.
Your composition is very good, and it has few mistakes.
Your composition leaves nothing to be desired.
Your composition was good except for the spelling.
Your computer crashed and you lost all your files.
Your computer doesn't work.
Your computer has a virus and needs to be cleaned.
Your computer is completely unprotected.
Your computer is faster than mine.
Your computer is infected with a virus.
Your computer is not working well; delete unnecessary software.
Your computer is obsolete. You need to buy a new one.
Your computer is overheating and needs to cool down.
Your computer is the same as mine.
Your computer just beeped again.
Your computer needs more memory to run smoothly.
Your computer will restart several times during installation.
Your computer's battery is running low.
Your computer's hard drive is nearly full.
Your computer's keyboard is not working properly.
Your computer's operating system needs an update.
Your computer's screen is flickering.
Your concern is unwarranted.
Your concerns are unfounded.
Your conclusion is highly arguable.
Your condition isn't serious.
Your condition isn’t serious.
Your conditions are unacceptable to us.
Your conduct allows of no excuse.
Your conduct doesn't become a gentleman.
Your conduct doesn't sit well with me.
Your conduct doesn’t become a gentleman.
Your conduct gave rise to another problem.
Your conduct has disappointed me greatly.
Your conduct is absolutely shameful.
Your conduct is beyond bearing.
Your conduct is disgraceful.
Your conduct is perfectly legal.
Your conduct is sad.
Your conduct isn't acceptable to me.
Your confidence challenges his own.
Your confidence moves me, my friend.
Your connection is not private.
Your connection to the server was terminated.
Your conscience only exists in your head.
Your consistent opposition to my suggestions makes it difficult for me to contribute effectively.
Your constant criticism makes me feel small.
Your constant indecision is exhausting.
Your constant snoring is driving me crazy. Can't you do something about it?
Your content is very important.
Your continued use of science to discredit the priest's claims is like saying God doesn't exist.
Your continuous complaining is exhausting.
Your continuous stream of passive-aggressive remarks is not appreciated; perhaps you can channel your energy into something more valuable.
Your contract ends next October.
Your contribution to the school is tax-deductible.
Your contribution will save a child's life.
Your cooking is amazing!
Your cooking is delicious.
Your cooking smells good, Tom.
Your cooking smells good.
Your cooperation in this matter will be greatly appreciated.
Your cooperation is appreciated.
Your correction was removed.
Your correspondence with Tom is no secret to anyone.
Your correspondence with Tom is not a secret to anyone.
Your correspondent did not have to go far to hear from overburdened parents, many of whom have struggled to work from home since late March while their increasingly feral children bounce around the house, leaving a trail of impressionist crayon art, dirty cups and discarded socks.
Your costume is very impressive.
Your cough is the consequence of smoking.
Your cough worries me.
Your coughing is a result from having smoked.
Your country has a historical burden that may take many generations to weather.
Your country has a really ugly history.
Your country is already beautiful and it has still a potential to be even better.
Your country is amazing!
Your country is going through a difficult time.
Your country is incredible!
Your country thanks you.
Your country's GDP at PPP is smaller than Japan's.
Your country's flag is very beautiful.
Your courage will come out in a crisis.
Your courtesy is appreciated.
Your couscous is delicious.
Your couscous is ready.
Your cousin is disgusting.
Your cousin is the only person who plays the dulzaina in the village.
Your cousin is up to something shady.
Your cow is eating our flowers.
Your craziness will either sink you or take you very far.
Your creativity inspires me; I want to create like you do.
Your creativity knows no bounds; it’s inspiring!
Your creativity never ceases to amaze me.
Your credit card, please.
Your credit's good.
Your crimes have desecrated your ancestors' graves.
Your criticism is just sour grapes.
Your criticism is unfair.
Your criticism is unfounded.
Your criticism is very unfair.
Your criticism was unfair.
Your cruel words hurt my feelings.
Your cruelty knows no bounds.
Your crying won't solve anything.
Your cuddles are the best.
Your culinary skills are truly impressive!
Your culture associates sexuality with poverty.
Your culture deems that sexuality is unintelligent. I come from a different culture, in which intellectuality may entangle with lust.
Your culture still links sexuality to poverty.
Your cup is on the table.
Your curiosity makes learning fun.
Your current thinking got you here. Only new thinking will get you out.
Your customers say you worked wonders for them.
Your customs confuse me.
Your customs declaration, please.
Your cut doesn't hurt as much as before, right?
Your cynicism will destroy you one day.
Your dad and I are having a baby.
Your dad grafts all day for you lot.
Your dad had a fling with one of your teachers.
Your dad is a pretty smart man.
Your dad is a really nice guy.
Your dad is having an affair with that slut.
Your dad is just worried about you.
Your dad is really cool.
Your dad is really rich and has been hiding it from you.
Your dad is your parent, too.
Your dad makes wraps?
Your dad sent you away from me to live with his brother.
Your dad shook down the yakuza.
Your dad told me not to tell you anything but I think that it's your right to know.
Your dad wants you to play football.
Your dad wants you to play soccer.
Your dad will be proud of you.
Your dad's new wife looks like she is a college graduate.
Your daft plan is actually working.
Your daily life is your temple and your religion.
Your data is your personal asset.
Your database contains lots of redundancy.
Your daughter is a drug addict.
Your daughter is in the kitchen.
Your daughter is married.
Your daughter is much praised in our land for her beauty and courtesy.
Your daughter is not a child anymore.
Your daughter is nothing but a liar.
Your daughter is sick.
Your daughter is tall.
Your daughter is very pretty.
Your daughter is wearing an inappropriate outfit.
Your daughter isn't a child anymore.
Your daughter isn't a girl anymore.
Your daughter isn’t a girl anymore.
Your daughter looks just like her mother.
Your daughter looks just like her mum.
Your daughter looks just like your wife.
Your daughter needs help.
Your daughter overheard us talking.
Your daughter passed the examination, I hear.
Your daughter will tell me.
Your daughter's a beautiful girl.
Your daughter's ambulance should be here soon.
Your daughter's on drugs.
Your daughter's tall.
Your daughter's very attractive.
Your daughters are beautiful.
Your daughters are such great girls.
Your daughters do not leave the house.
Your daughters don't leave the house.
Your daughters have turned into women.
Your daughter’s on drugs.
Your days are numbered.
Your death date could fall on any day, and could come as early as the next five minutes.
Your death is my life.
Your death was not in vain.
Your death will be painless.
Your death will be slow and painful.
Your death will not have been in vain.
Your death will serve as an example.
Your debit card has been blocked already.
Your deception hurts more than you realize.
Your decision is open to some debate.
Your decisions are unacceptable.
Your declarations reflect your intolerance.
Your dedication and hard work have shown me the value of perseverance and commitment.
Your deeds are wanton.
Your deeds are your monuments.
Your defects are forgivable.
Your definition of friendship is quite different from mine.
Your delivery has been delayed.
Your demands are unreasonable.
Your departure devastated me.
Your departure or your presence, both are suitable.
Your design was actually quite good.
Your designs are very original.
Your desire for power knows no bounds.
Your desserts are tempting, but we are full.
Your destination is distant.
Your detailed explanation of the situation has let me see the light.
Your determination and hard work paid off.
Your determination is admirable.
Your device is up to date.
Your device requires an update.
Your dick stinks, Matti.
Your diet is going to be really unbalanced if all you eat is hamburgers.
Your difficulties are not the ones that will be overcome.
Your digestive system is as long as a bus.
Your dinner has got cold.
Your dinner is delicious.
Your dinner is getting cold.
Your dinner's got cold.
Your dinner's in the oven.
Your discovery is remarkable.
Your discretion is as well known as your powers, and you are the one man in the world who can help me. I beg you, Mr. Holmes, to do what you can.
Your disease can be cured with diet.
Your disregard for anyone else makes you seem solipsistic at best.
Your dissatisfaction with that gym is so clear; why do you still belong to it?
Your division was highly praised for fighting well in the midst of a hopeless conflict.
Your doctor says you're going to be OK.
Your doctor will let you know if your dose changes.
Your dog always barks at me.
Your dog barked at me.
Your dog barks in complete sentences.
Your dog bit me.
Your dog bit my hand.
Your dog can stay in the pool house. No one ever goes there.
Your dog crapped in my yard.
Your dog has bitten me.
Your dog has huge paws!
Your dog has not had enough to eat.
Your dog has spectacular hair.
Your dog has worms. Give him vitamins.
Your dog hasn't had enough to eat.
Your dog is a furry little egotistical jerk.
Your dog is a thief.
Your dog is absolutely precious!
Your dog is back there.
Your dog is big and mine is small.
Your dog is bothering me.
Your dog is covered in mud.
Your dog is dead.
Your dog is drooling.
Your dog is heckin' fast.
Your dog is here.
Your dog is over there.
Your dog is so cute.
Your dog is so sweet.
Your dog is still barking at me.
Your dog is the cutest furry friend I've ever seen!
Your dog is very big.
Your dog is very fat.
Your dog is very well trained.
Your dog is wagging its tail.
Your dog isn't here.
Your dog just bit me.
Your dog just chewed up my favorite pair of shoes!
Your dog looks hungry.
Your dog looks more like a rat than a dog.
Your dog looks thirsty.
Your dog may be really depressed.
Your dog needs help.
Your dog needs more exercise to stay healthy.
Your dog needs to be walked at least once a day.
Your dog needs to be walked.
Your dog seems to be full of energy.
Your dog seems to be very involved in the progress of that squirrel across the lawn. I hope she's not planning to attack it.
Your dog seems to want to go outside.
Your dog smells.
Your dog stinks.
Your dog swims quite well.
Your dog tried to bite me.
Your dog was born this year.
Your dog will turn up, don't worry.
Your dog's barking scared away the intruder.
Your dog's constant whining is driving me crazy!
Your dog's loyalty is truly heartwarming.
Your dog's muddy paws left a mess on the carpet.
Your dog's playful antics always make me smile.
Your dog's presence brings so much joy to our family.
Your dog's tail wags every time it sees me!
Your dog's wagging tail shows its excitement to see you!
Your dogmatic religious idea of fetal personhood is irrelevant to a society where not everyone has the same religion.
Your dogs are barking.
Your dogs are delightful.
Your dogs are invited, too.
Your doll's very pretty.
Your donation could save a life.
Your donations can make a difference in someone's life.
Your door is always locked.
Your door is always open.
Your door is open.
Your door is still partially open.
Your door isn't closed.
Your door isn't completely shut.
Your door was open.
Your door was unlocked.
Your door's unlocked.
Your doubts are more than justified.
Your download will start in a few seconds.
Your dream came true.
Your dream finally came true.
Your dream may come true at any moment.
Your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard.
Your dream was so beautiful.
Your dream will come true in the near future.
Your dream will come true some day.
Your dreams are almost as twisted as my nightmares.
Your dreams have come true.
Your dreams should be so grand that they make you think "There's no way this could come true."
Your dreams will come true.
Your dress is already out of fashion.
Your dress is awesome.
Your dress is beautiful.
Your dress is gorgeous.
Your dress is out of style.
Your dress is too colourful for a funeral.
Your dress is touching the wet paint.
Your dress is unsuitable for the occasion.
Your dress is very beautiful.
Your dress is very nice.
Your dress is very pretty.
Your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties.
Your driver's license expires on your birthday.
Your driver's license has expired.
Your driver’s license has expired.
Your driver’s license is out of date.
Your driving licence and logbook, please.
Your driving licence and registration document, please.
Your driving licence has expired.
Your dustbin is on fire.
Your duty is to save your country from a foreign invasion.
Your duty is to support your family.
Your earrings are gorgeous.
Your earrings are very pretty.
Your ears are really small.
Your ears are red.
Your ears pop when the plane takes off.
Your eccentricities can make you either charming or tedious.
Your eccentricities will lead you to misfortune if you don't give up your habits.
Your editor will be excited.
Your education amazes me.
Your education is important.
Your effort deserves praise.
Your effort in the kitchen doesn't go unnoticed.
Your effort is appreciated.
Your effort truly lightens my load.
Your effort will be rewarded in the long run.
Your effort will surely bear fruit.
Your efforts are absolutely futile.
Your efforts are condemned to failure.
Your efforts are doomed.
Your efforts are futile.
Your efforts came to nothing.
Your efforts resulted in the success.
Your efforts should be appreciated.
Your efforts to become and remain a friend of God will be richly blessed.
Your efforts to evade me are in vain; I'm unstoppable in my mission to find you.
Your efforts to make me look bad are futile.
Your efforts were in vain.
Your efforts will be rewarded in the long run.
Your efforts will be rewarded.
Your efforts will bear fruit someday.
Your efforts will one day bear fruit.
Your efforts will pay off one day.
Your efforts will soon bear fruit.
Your efforts will soon pay off.
Your efforts will surely be rewarded.
Your eggs are getting cold.
Your elbows are dry.
Your elder brother is doing his homework, you can only play!
Your encouragement will draw her out.
Your encouraging words are very valuable to me.
Your end is near.
Your enemies are an illusion.
Your enemies are just an illusion.
Your enemies know machiavellian politics.
Your enemy is certainly not mine.
Your enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle hardened. He will fight savagely.
Your enthusiasm for life is simply infectious.
Your enthusiasm is contagious.
Your entire body's muscles are tensed.
Your entirety is beautiful, my love!
Your erection is visible through your trousers.
Your erudition amazes me.
Your essay has some mistakes, but as a whole it is very good.
Your essay has some mistakes.
Your essay is admirable in regard to style.
Your essay still needs some improvement.
Your essay was not bad but I have a few minor niggles.
Your estimation of him is a little high, to say the least.
Your every deed says everything about you.
Your evidence is falsified.
Your evidence isn't good enough.
Your evil wishes, and your worse offices, Lady Ashton, I will only return by hoping these will be your last machinations against your daughter's honour and happiness.
Your ex called.
Your ex is a psychopath.
Your ex is horribly crazy.
Your ex is smarter than we give him credit.
Your ex-boyfriend is a jerk.
Your ex-fiancé is an idiot.
Your ex-girlfriend hasn't changed a bit.
Your ex-girlfriend told me about your weakness for a pretty face.
Your ex-wife called.
Your ex-wife is planning to get remarried.
Your ex-wife is planning to remarry.
Your exam results fell so short of our expectations.
Your exam success is determined by how hard you study.
Your exam today will be very significant for your future.
Your examination results are excellent.
Your examples are cherry-picked, nothing more than anecdotal evidence.
Your excellent work puts me to shame.
Your excuses are useless.
Your existence is futile.
Your existence is illegal.
Your existence is unconstitutional.
Your existence keeps our heritage alive.
Your expectations are too high.
Your expectations are unreasonable.
Your expectations will be fulfilled.
Your expenses are much higher than your income.
Your expenses are well above your income.
Your experience is favorable for your professional way of success.
Your explanation didn't convince me.
Your explanation is more convincing.
Your explanation is satisfactory.
Your explanation is too abstract for me.
Your explanation is too abstract to me.
Your explanation is very good.
Your explanation lacks concreteness.
Your explanation made no sense, nevertheless, everyone pretended to listen.
Your explanation makes no sense.
Your explanation sheds some light on the matter.
Your explanation sounds plausible, but it just doesn't hold water.
Your explanation sounds plausible, but it just doesn’t hold water.
Your explanation was very easy to understand.
Your explanation won't wash. It's too improbable to be true.
Your explanation won't wash; it's too improbable to be true.
Your explanation won’t wash; it’s too improbable to be true.
Your expression indicates that you disagree.
Your eyebrows are beautiful.
Your eyebrows are pretty.
Your eyebrows look weird.
Your eyelids are closed, but I know you're awake.
Your eyeliner looks very good!
Your eyes are all red. What's the matter?
Your eyes are all red. What's up?
Your eyes are all red. What's wrong?
Your eyes are as beautiful as the arms of the Venus de Milo.
Your eyes are beautiful.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
Your eyes are bloodshot.
Your eyes are brimming with tears.
Your eyes are like corals, dazzling and very pretty.
Your eyes are like diamonds.
Your eyes are like pools of eyes.
Your eyes are like stars.
Your eyes are lying.
Your eyes are magnetically attractive.
Your eyes are poetry.
Your eyes are red from crying.
Your eyes are red with crying.
Your eyes are red.
Your eyes are red. Are you OK?
Your eyes are red. What happened?
Your eyes are shining like stars in the night.
Your eyes are still the brightest stars I've ever seen.
Your eyes are very beautiful.
Your eyes betray you.
Your eyes bother me, so don't look at me.
Your eyes call out to me.
Your eyes fascinate me.
Your eyes give you away.
Your eyes have a certain magnetism.
Your eyes let you see, your ears let you hear. Don't let them keep you from understanding.
Your eyes light up at the mention of my finances.
Your eyes look delicious.
Your eyes might be better than mine.
Your eyes reflect the echo of my voice.
Your eyes remind me of marbles.
Your eyes remind me of stars.
Your eyes shine like the stars.
Your eyes shine with certainty.
Your eyes speak louder than your words.
Your eyes tell me to get closer.
Your eyes tell me to move towards you.
Your eyes were full of sadness.
Your eyesight needs testing.
Your eyesight's gonna be ruined if all you do is play games.
Your face died, and I will replace your face with the greatest face in Koridai!
Your face does not express fear, but rather melancholy.
Your face gives away whatever's on your mind right away, so there's no way you can keep a secret.
Your face is always dirty.
Your face is black. Did you come from a coal mine?
Your face is covered in lipstick.
Your face is dirty.
Your face is familiar to me.
Your face is familiar, but I can't recall your name.
Your face is filled with sadness.
Your face is full of scars.
Your face is getting red.
Your face is like a melody. It won't leave my head.
Your face is marked with melancholy.
Your face is pale.
Your face is pasted.
Your face is priceless.
Your face is really red.
Your face is red.
Your face is red. Are you okay? Perhaps you have a fever?
Your face is sunburned.
Your face is your personality.
Your face just turned pale all of a sudden.
Your face looks pale. Are you OK? Maybe it would be better if you went to the hospital, don't you think?
Your face looks pale. Are you OK? Maybe it would be better if you went to the hospital, don’t you think?
Your face looks so kissable now, what do you think about it?
Your face makes babies cry.
Your face makes me punch you.
Your face makes the babies cry.
Your face says that you don't agree.
Your faces are all too familiar to me, but I can't remember your names.
Your family has become a laughing stock.
Your family has been told that you're here.
Your family has considerably increased since my last voyage.
Your family is amazing.
Your family is big.
Your family is eligible for government benefits.
Your family is from that place.
Your family is here.
Your family is looking for you.
Your family is well.
Your family lives in Berlin and you're going there soon.
Your family must be very nice.
Your family needs you.
Your family should be together.
Your family should come before your career.
Your family's waiting for you.
Your fasting, your not eating, that has been your great error.
Your fat cat lives in two postal codes.
Your fatalism is ruining everyone's mood.
Your fate is in my hands.
Your fate is sealed.
Your father abandoned you.
Your father adores your mother.
Your father agreed with your plan.
Your father and I are proud of you, the accomplishments you have made in the time frame you set for yourself.
Your father and I worked together.
Your father and brothers are outside.
Your father and my father were partners.
Your father asked me to protect you.
Your father deprived you of your guitar.
Your father didn't mean what he said.
Your father doesn't approve of such things.
Your father doesn't trust you.
Your father got a promotion.
Your father has been in Paris, hasn't he?
Your father has been in Paris, hasn’t he?
Your father hasn't answered my letter yet.
Your father is Japanese.
Your father is Russian.
Your father is a businessman.
Your father is a deserter and a traitor.
Your father is a famous physician.
Your father is a good-looking man.
Your father is a gorilla.
Your father is a happy man.
Your father is a physicist.
Your father is a very nice person.
Your father is a well-known doctor.
Your father is coming to pick you up.
Your father is dead now.
Your father is here.
Your father is in danger!
Your father is in the garden.
Your father is like that, you give it to anyone who wants it.
Your father is my old friend.
Your father is pretty tall.
Your father is proud of you.
Your father is quite tall.
Your father is sick.
Your father is taking the whole thing as a betrayal.
Your father is tall.
Your father is the only one who's seen him.
Your father is very responsible.
Your father is very tall, isn't he?
Your father is younger than mine.
Your father isn’t content, is he?
Your father knows nothing.
Your father lets you do anything but I will not.
Your father loves you so much.
Your father loves you very dearly, as you know. Whatever you were to ask from him he would give you. The one thing he will not grant you is permission to leave the palace.
Your father loves you.
Your father must have been very disappointed.
Your father needs to tell you something.
Your father never wanted you.
Your father plagiarized you.
Your father really let himself go recently.
Your father scolded you.
Your father seems to be well-disposed towards gays.
Your father seems very friendly.
Your father seems very nice.
Your father spends all day grafting for you lot.
Your father still hasn't replied to my letter.
Your father trained you well.
Your father wants you, Sami.
Your father wants you.
Your father was a decent and helpful man.
Your father was a good man.
Your father was a great man.
Your father was noble.
Your father was right.
Your father went through all that trouble for your sake.
Your father went to France.
Your father will be so proud of you.
Your father will lose face if you don't keep your promise.
Your father will lose face if you don’t keep your promise.
Your father will never be dead while ever you're alive.
Your father will not buy it.
Your father won't buy it.
Your father won't get far.
Your father works for a bank, doesn't he?
Your father works for a bank, doesn’t he?
Your father works hard for you all day.
Your father would also be proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you.
Your father would have been very proud of you.
Your father would have given you everything.
Your father would have liked that.
Your father would kick your ass if he knew you're lying around all lazy and not studying!
Your father would've been very proud of you.
Your father would've liked that.
Your father's friends aren't his only supporters.
Your father's going to punish you if you don't behave yourself.
Your father's gone, Ami -- you've got to accept that.
Your father's grafts for you lot all day.
Your father's supporters are not limited to his friends.
Your father’s friends aren’t his only supporters.
Your father’s supporters are not limited to his friends.
Your fatigue disappeared?
Your fave just got exposed, sweetie.
Your favorite color is black.
Your favorite color is red, right?
Your favorite show will be back after these messages.
Your favorite singer is Whitney Houston, right?
Your favorite sport is running.
Your fax wasn't received.
Your fears are groundless.
Your feedback is appreciated. Now pay eight dollars.
Your feedback is important and it will help us to know how we can provide the best service possible.
Your feelings are important.
Your feelings are right.
Your feelings are superfluous!
Your feelings are valid, and I'm here to offer a safe space for you to express them.
Your feelings don't solve the problem.
Your feelings matter to us, and we want to support you as best we can.
Your feet are big.
Your feet are dirty.
Your feet are filthy.
Your feet are swollen because your shoes are too small.
Your feet are too big.
Your feet feel good when they are wet.
Your feet have swelled up.
Your feet look swollen.
Your feet smell pretty bad.
Your feet smell really bad.
Your feet smell.
Your feet stink.
Your feet will lead you to where your heart is.
Your fella is a real hero.
Your feminocentric religious biases steer away from subjects like astronomy and science fiction. Your topics are too mundane and dull.
Your ferry is not big.
Your fever has broken.
Your fever has only just come down so don't overexert yourself.
Your fever is getting worse.
Your fiancee is in the lobby.
Your fiancee was looking for you.
Your finch has escaped.
Your fine, curly hair looks as appetizing as glass noodles.
Your fingerprints are on the knife.
Your fingerprints were all over Tom's room.
Your fingerprints were found on the gun.
Your fingerprints were found on the knife.
Your fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.
Your fingerprints were on the gun.
Your fingers are pretty.
Your fingers are really short.
Your first Japanese class will be tomorrow, isn't?
Your first draft should just be a brain dump.
Your first draft was fine.
Your first swimming class will be tomorrow, isn't?
Your fish need to be fed every four hours.
Your fishing skills need practice.
Your five o’clock shadow is hurting the environment.
Your flat could do with some colour.
Your flies are undone.
Your flight didn't go that day.
Your flight has been canceled.
Your flight is in an hour.
Your flight leaves at 2:30.
Your flight was canceled.
Your flight was cancelled.
Your flight's been canceled.
Your flight's canceled.
Your floor is someone else’s ceiling.
Your fly is down.
Your fly is open!
Your fly is open.
Your fly's down.
Your fly's open.
Your food can be stored for a long time with a freezer.
Your food is getting cold.
Your food is here.
Your food is very tasty.
Your food will be right out.
Your food's getting cold.
Your forehead houses eras.
Your forehead is hot.
Your forehead is quite hot. I think you have a fever.
Your forehead's bleeding.
Your former boyfriend Tom came to visit this afternoon.
Your forties are pivotal.
Your frank opinions are always welcomed here.
Your freaking grandfather nearly ran me over!
Your free trial of existence has expired.
Your freedom stops where my freedom begins.
Your friend Albert just posted a picture of you at last night's party.
Your friend Albert just posted a picture of you at last night’s party.
Your friend Anna went to China this month.
Your friend Tom hasn't returned.
Your friend Tom is here.
Your friend Tom seemed like a nice guy.
Your friend Tom seems like a nice guy.
Your friend Tom told me to give this to you.
Your friend Tom was here a few minutes ago.
Your friend can come any moment.
Your friend doesn't drink.
Your friend from Boston dropped by to visit this afternoon.
Your friend from Boston dropped by to visit us this afternoon.
Your friend has a bad influence on you.
Your friend is a good person.
Your friend is a namby-pamby.
Your friend is correct.
Your friend is gone.
Your friend is here.
Your friend is right.
Your friend is tired.
Your friend is tiresome.
Your friend is very lucky.
Your friend left the city.
Your friend left town.
Your friend lives in Algiers.
Your friend made a fool out of me.
Your friend said he would call back.
Your friend shouldn't be so prideful!
Your friend told me about it.
Your friend went ballistic when he heard that.
Your friend's enemy is your friend.
Your friend's in the other room.
Your friend's very clever, isn't he?
Your friend's very late, isn't he?
Your friends Tom and Mary were here a few minutes ago.
Your friends are downstairs.
Your friends are in there.
Your friends are late.
Your friends are not very intelligent.
Your friends are really concerned about your health.
Your friends are there.
Your friends are very interested in your health.
Your friends are waiting for you.
Your friends are waiting outside for you.
Your friends are waiting.
Your friends are worried about you.
Your friends aren't very intelligent.
Your friends didn't care about you.
Your friends don't seem very intelligent.
Your friends from Boston are more than welcome to come to my party tonight, too.
Your friends have deserted you.
Your friends said some nice things about you.
Your friends seem anxious to leave.
Your friends sound nice.
Your friends were waiting at the door for him.
Your friends will be jealous.
Your friends will miss you.
Your friends will regret your absence.
Your friends, Tom and Mary, haven't returned.
Your friendship has great value to me.
Your friendship has never been real.
Your friendship is important to me.
Your friendship is important.
Your friendship is irreplaceable; I can't afford to lose it.
Your friendship is most precious to me.
Your friendship is very important to me.
Your friendship is worth everything.
Your friendship means a lot to me.
Your friendship means much to me.
Your friendship opened doors I never knew existed.
Your friendship was never real.
Your fries are getting cold.
Your frivolity and indiscretion in choosing friends, Tom, can greatly hurt you in life.
Your front gate is open.
Your fur feels really nice.
Your future begins today.
Your future depends on it.
Your future is bright.
Your future is full of possibilities.
Your future is in your hands.
Your future is very close to my heart.
Your game is harmonious when each move is connected to another, in a logical sequence, either with the idea of improving your position or, prophylactically, avoiding the realization of an idea of your opponent.
Your garage is on fire.
Your garbage can is on fire.
Your garden is beautiful.
Your garden is big.
Your garden is in a sorry state.
Your garden is in disarray.
Your garden is really small.
Your garden is really very small.
Your garden is very beautiful.
Your garden needs some attention.
Your gasoline tank seems to be leaking.
Your gate is open.
Your gate was locked, so I thought you weren't at home.
Your gaze sparkles with the enchanting light of love, which intoxicates and fascinates me.
Your generation didn't understand sexuality.
Your generation is vested in a "straitjacket."
Your generation thought sexuality was taboo.
Your generosity is appreciated.
Your generosity knows no bounds.
Your generosity of heart is worth more than any fortune.
Your generosity will never be forgotten.
Your generosity will not be forgotten.
Your generous support has made this possible.
Your genes determine whether you are a late riser or an early bird.
Your genital area has an unpleasant odor.
Your gift was like discovery of an oasis in the midst of a desert.
Your gift will go far towards helping to build the children's hospital.
Your gift will go far towards helping to build the children’s hospital.
Your girlfriend can do so much better.
Your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you when she finds out.
Your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you.
Your girlfriend is older than me.
Your girlfriend is older than mine.
Your girlfriend is older than my girlfriend.
Your girlfriend is repulsively big.
Your girlfriend is waiting for you inside.
Your girlfriend is younger than mine.
Your girlfriend looks so pretty.
Your glance is like a clear spring morning.
Your glass is still more than half full.
Your glasses are all steamed up.
Your glasses are bent.
Your glasses are broken.
Your glasses are on the small table.
Your glasses are the best.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
Your go.
Your goal is similar to mine.
Your goal is to control and humiliate others.
Your goal is to own a home before you're thirty, isn't it?
Your goal is to throw the ball into the ring.
Your goals overlap with mine.
Your god isn't found in any book, but you want everyone to live by his precepts.
Your god isn't found in any book.
Your godfather has arrived.
Your god—where is He now?
Your goodwill sank into my heart.
Your government is openly racist.
Your government makes English mandatory in schools. As many do not really want this language, it should be an elective subject, as other possible languages.
Your grades are better than mine.
Your grades are slipping.
Your grammar and pronunciation are perfect.
Your grammar is better than your breath.
Your grandchildren will harvest the fruits.
Your grandfather died in China during the Maoist era.
Your grandfather died in a restaurant.
Your grandfather is looking for his laxative.
Your grandfather is very charismatic.
Your grandfather was a very good customer.
Your grandfather was one of my best customers.
Your grandkids are so gorgeous.
Your grandma and mother cooked so many dishes.
Your grandma loves you.
Your grandmother bakes very good pies.
Your grandmother bought a horse.
Your grandmother is a charming lady.
Your grandmother is a remarkable woman.
Your grandmother is a wonderful woman.
Your grandmother is not Brazilian, is she?
Your grandmother isn't Brazilian, is she?
Your grandmother makes very good pies.
Your grandmother meant a lot to you, didn't she?
Your grandparents and mine came from the same country.
Your great-grandfather's candelabra was in the trunk in the attic.
Your greatest weakness is laziness.
Your guardian angel protects you.
Your guess is almost right.
Your guess is as good as mine on this one.
Your guess is as good as mine on this.
Your guess is as good as mine.
Your guess is entirely off the mark.
Your guess is quite wrong.
Your guess is wrong.
Your guess was right.
Your guests are waiting.
Your guidance and support have helped shape my character.
Your guitar is better than mine.
Your guitar is out of tune.
Your guitar playing is getting better and better.
Your guitar playing isn't bad.
Your guitar skills were always impressive.
Your gums are in bad shape.
Your gums will get numb in a few minutes.
Your gut isn't the best adviser.
Your gut looks like an egg.
Your gutters need to be replaced.
Your guys' reputation precedes you.
Your habit of forgetting your daughter's birthdays and missing her piano recitals is like saying that you just don't care.
Your hair has gotten long.
Your hair has turned white since I last saw you.
Your hair is a mess.
Your hair is all disheveled.
Your hair is beautiful.
Your hair is cute. I like it that way.
Your hair is different today.
Your hair is different.
Your hair is filthy.
Your hair is going grey.
Your hair is great, Mary. Who did it?
Your hair is like a herd of goats, spreading over the slopes of Mount Gilead.
Your hair is longer than mine.
Your hair is lovely.
Your hair is messed up. Go and fix it.
Your hair is perfect.
Your hair is pretty.
Your hair is really bad.
Your hair is really long.
Your hair is so long.
Your hair is so pretty.
Your hair is too long.
Your hair is ugly.
Your hair is very beautiful.
Your hair is very messy. Fix it.
Your hair is very nice.
Your hair isn't black.
Your hair isn't well styled.
Your hair looks beautiful.
Your hair looks dirty.
Your hair looks especially lovely today.
Your hair looks fine.
Your hair looks fuller now.
Your hair looks great.
Your hair looks just fine.
Your hair looks nice today.
Your hair looks nice.
Your hair looks so beautiful. What kind of shampoo do you use?
Your hair looks so nice.
Your hair needs cutting.
Your hair really does look untidy.
Your hair shines like gold.
Your hair smells like spring.
Your hair smells wonderful.
Your hair wants cutting.
Your hair will grow back.
Your hair will never grow back.
Your hair will start to fall out.
Your hair's a mess.
Your hair's beautiful.
Your hair's not even wet.
Your hair's so smooth and pretty. What kind of shampoo do you use?
Your haircut is ghastly.
Your haircut was fine.
Your hairdryer is in the bathroom.
Your halberd has lost its sharpness.
Your half is bigger than my half.
Your half is gone.
Your halo is slipping.
Your hand does not belong there.
Your hand is as cold as ice.
Your hand is black.
Your hand is in mine.
Your hand is on my knee.
Your hand is shaking.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Your hand stole towards your own old wound and a smile quivered on your lips, which showed me that the ridiculous side of this method of settling international questions had forced itself upon your mind. At this point I agreed with you that it was preposterous and was glad to find that all my deductions had been correct.
Your handbag is full of stuff.
Your hands are bound.
Your hands are cold.
Your hands are dirty, so wash them!
Your hands are dirty.
Your hands are dirty. They need washing.
Your hands are filthy.
Your hands are ice cold.
Your hands are ice-cold.
Your hands are knotted.
Your hands are like ice cubes.
Your hands are like ice.
Your hands are pretty.
Your hands are really soft.
Your hands are shaking.
Your hands are so cold.
Your hands are stained with blood.
Your hands are tied.
Your hands are trembling.
Your hands feel cold.
Your hands need to be clean.
Your hands need to be washed.
Your hands need washing.
Your handshake is too tight.
Your handshake is very strong.
Your handwriting is almost unreadable.
Your handwriting is completely illegible.
Your handwriting is hard to read.
Your handwriting is illegible.
Your handwriting is messy.
Your handwriting is practically illegible.
Your handwriting is quite elegant.
Your handwriting is really difficult to read.
Your handwriting is really good!
Your handwriting is really hard to read.
Your handwriting is similar to mine.
Your handwriting is terrible.
Your handwriting is very bad, I can't read it.
Your handwriting is very easy to read.
Your handwriting is very good.
Your handwriting is very hard to read.
Your handwriting looks like that of your father.
Your handwriting looks like your father's.
Your happiness and satisfaction are my top priorities, so feel free to ask anything.
Your happiness is a threat I won't tolerate.
Your happiness is going to come back.
Your happiness is the most important thing in the world to me.
Your hard work and dedication have paid off.
Your hard work has paid off.
Your hard work is paying off.
Your hat has fallen under the table.
Your hat is beautiful.
Your hat is nice!
Your hat is on backwards.
Your hat is on the couch.
Your hat is silly.
Your hat is similar to mine.
Your hat is somewhere around here.
Your hat looks silly.
Your hat matches your dress marvellously.
Your hat should not be worn in the classroom.
Your hat's on backwards.
Your head is empty!
Your head is empty.
Your head is not a trash bin.
Your head is starting to droop.
Your head was bursting with new ideas.
Your headache comes from overwork.
Your headache seems to be getting better already.
Your headlights are on.
Your headlights are still on.
Your health has been neglected.
Your health has declined.
Your health hasn't been a priority for you.
Your health is likely to get worse.
Your health is likely to worsen.
Your health is more important.
Your health is rare.
Your health is very important to me. Why don't you go to the doctor?
Your health must come first.
Your health regenerates if your food bar is at over nine drumsticks.
Your heart has been working twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year since you were born, and it has never asked for or charged you anything in return.
Your heart has blackened over the years.
Your heart has consumed you.
Your heart has devoured you.
Your heart is beating at a normal rate.
Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.
Your heart is hard.
Your heart is made out of steel.
Your heart is pure.
Your heart is reaching out for help.
Your heart is sick.
Your heart stopped beating for a few seconds.
Your heart's beating, alive and beating.
Your heart's still beating loud and clear.
Your heart’s beating, alive and beating.
Your heart’s still beating loud and clear.
Your heels are full of pieces 'cause you've gone too far.
Your helmet is on backwards.
Your help is becoming more and more necessary for me!
Your help is greatly appreciated.
Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
Your help is indispensable to our success.
Your help is necessary to our success.
Your help is vital to the success of our plan.
Your help isn't needed anymore.
Your help isn't needed.
Your help isn't required.
Your help prevented me from being ruined.
Your help will save us a lot of work.
Your help won't be needed.
Your help would be appreciated on this matter.
Your help would be appreciated.
Your hesitation with astronomy—rooted in the indirectness of perception—is a valid phenomenological stance. After all, aside from the sun, moon, and a few visible stars or planets, most celestial truths reach us only through mediated instruments, data, and theory. You place yourself among the space-savvy, yet remain cautious, even skeptical, about the reach of human cognition. That’s a rare humility for someone informed. You're standing at the edge where metaphysics and epistemology meet the cosmos—asking not just what is out there, but how and whether we can truly know it. Would you like to explore a synthesis of Buddhist and Gnostic cosmology, perhaps in a poetic or metaphysical style?
Your hijab is a lovely color.
Your hippie crisp contained so much fiber! I lost five pounds the next day.
Your history teacher would be proud.
Your hobbies are the only thing on your mind.
Your home has become strange to you.
Your home is a mess.
Your home is such a mess! When was the last time you cleaned it?
Your home is where someone thinks of you and likes you.
Your home is where you are without a bra.
Your home was destroyed by the storm.
Your homeland became foreign to you long ago.
Your homeland will not forget you.
Your hometown is very pretty.
Your homework assignment has to be turned in by the 20th.
Your homework for each class will be to review the day's lesson and to prepare for the next one.
Your homework is not going to do itself, you know.
Your homework is one important part of the learning experience.
Your homework is to read to page 30 of the book, which is the end of the first chapter. We'll talk about it tomorrow.
Your honesty deserves admiration.
Your honesty is refreshing.
Your honesty is worthy of admiration.
Your honesty makes him reconsider his own choices.
Your honor, I am anxious for my day in court.
Your honor, I would like to discharge counsel.
Your hopes will come true.
Your horse bit me.
Your horse is beautiful.
Your horse is fast, but mine is faster.
Your hotel is calling.
Your hour has arrived!
Your house has a basement.
Your house has a nice porch.
Your house has a spacious backyard.
Your house has a stunning view of the ocean.
Your house has a very cozy atmosphere.
Your house is a cozy place to relax.
Your house is a great place to throw a barbecue.
Your house is awesome.
Your house is beautiful!
Your house is beautiful.
Your house is big.
Your house is big?
Your house is cool.
Your house is fantastic.
Your house is for sale.
Your house is haunted.
Your house is here.
Your house is huge.
Your house is massive!
Your house is much larger than mine.
Your house is much larger than ours.
Your house is my house.
Your house is nice.
Your house is nicer than mine.
Your house is on fire!
Your house is on fire, and you have just minutes to escape!
Your house is on fire.
Your house is really great!
Your house is really nice!
Your house is really nice.
Your house is the best on the block.
Your house is the perfect size for a family.
Your house is three times as big as mine.
Your house is three times as large as mine.
Your house is twice the size of mine.
Your house is very beautiful.
Your house is very big.
Your house is very modern.
Your house is very nice.
Your house isn't far from here.
Your house looks so cosy.
Your house needs a fresh coat of paint.
Your house needs painting.
Your house needs repairing.
Your house was broken into last night.
Your house was easy to find.
Your hugs make me feel safe and loved.
Your hunger won't help you get any more fit.
Your husband drinks completely like a sponge.
Your husband has been shot.
Your husband is a lucky man.
Your husband is a very lucky man.
Your husband is cheating on you.
Your husband is dead.
Your husband is dead. Sorry for your loss.
Your husband is not polite.
Your husband is on the phone.
Your husband loves you.
Your husband was not in this country.
Your husband works at one of the illustrated magazines.
Your husband's cheating on you.
Your husband's dead and sends his love.
Your husbands are Polish.
Your hypocrisy is absolutely amazing.
Your hypocrisy is infuriating.
Your hypocrisy is really a big problem.
Your hypothesis doesn't hold water.
Your hypothesis is completely unrealistic.
Your hypothesis is correct.
Your hypothesis is incorrect.
Your hypothesis is plausible.
Your ice cream is melting, and you have no idea how to lick it properly.
Your ice cream will melt if you don't eat it quickly.
Your ice statue is gorgeous.
Your idea addresses everything.
Your idea cannot be brand new. I heard about it from another source last year.
Your idea differs entirely from mine.
Your idea doesn't make me enthusiastic, but I'll think it over.
Your idea doesn't sound bad.
Your idea has no foundation at all.
Your idea inspires me.
Your idea is a good one.
Your idea is absolutely impossible.
Your idea is absolutely infeasible.
Your idea is definitely worth thinking about.
Your idea is excellent.
Your idea is good.
Your idea is great.
Your idea is not at all feasible.
Your idea is not entirely crazy.
Your idea is not good; it is perfect.
Your idea is pretty good, but I think you need to fully flesh it out before putting it into action.
Your idea is ridiculous.
Your idea is similar to mine.
Your idea is so-so.
Your idea is very good.
Your idea is very interesting.
Your idea is very original.
Your idea is worth its weight in gold!
Your idea is worthy of consideration.
Your idea is wrong.
Your idea is, as it were, a castle in the air.
Your idea isn't entirely crazy.
Your idea leaves nothing to be desired.
Your idea runs counter to our policy.
Your idea seems absurd.
Your idea seems silly to me.
Your idea seems to be similar to mine.
Your idea sounds like a good one.
Your idea: is it half-baked or genius?
Your ideas about the government are different from mine.
Your ideas are a bit old-fashioned.
Your ideas are a bit out of date.
Your ideas are a bit outdated.
Your ideas are a little antiquated.
Your ideas are a little old-fashioned.
Your ideas are ahead of the times.
Your ideas are all out of date.
Your ideas are always appreciated.
Your ideas are completely different from mine, so there's no way we'll be able to reach an understanding.
Your ideas are different from mine.
Your ideas are excellent.
Your ideas are hardly practical.
Your ideas are in accord with ours.
Your ideas are not for me.
Your ideas are not good.
Your ideas are not interesting.
Your ideas are old-fashioned and won't work in the real world.
Your ideas are old-fashioned.
Your ideas are quite old fashioned.
Your ideas are quite unusual.
Your ideas are rarely practical.
Your ideas are rather old-fashioned.
Your ideas are really good.
Your ideas are terrible.
Your ideas are too complicated.
Your ideas are too weak.
Your ideas are very weak.
Your ideas are weird.
Your ideas are welcome.
Your ideas have no particular sense.
Your ideas sound crazy.
Your ignorance is a byproduct of your arrogance.
Your ignorance is astonishing!
Your ignorance is astonishing.
Your ignorance is starting to become embarrassing.
Your ignorance makes me tired.
Your imagination is running away with you.
Your imagination leads to unusual ideas.
Your imitations make me laugh.
Your impertinent attempts at national self-humilitiation have the vagary of a demented maniac, provide you with no condescension but accumulate contempt in the eyes of others and your total worthlessness is congruentially equivallent to your repugnantly low grammatic skills.
Your impetuous remarks about us seem to have rung down the curtain on our good relationship.
Your impression of me isn't the same as my own.
Your impudence knows no bounds.
Your inability to accept constructive criticism reveals your delusion of being faultless.
Your incisive criticism will deflate a lot of egos.
Your income is about twice as large as mine is.
Your income is about twice as large as mine.
Your income is three times larger than mine.
Your income is twice as large as mine.
Your indefatigable creativity leaves all of our minds boggled.
Your indifference adds to my loneliness.
Your inexplicable behavior is a surprise to all.
Your infidelity shattered the foundation of our relationship.
Your inflated ego prevents you from acknowledging any mistakes or imperfections.
Your information is incorrect.
Your information was accurate.
Your ingratitude is repulsive.
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5%.
Your initiation is complete.
Your injuries aren't serious.
Your injury will get worse unless you see a doctor.
Your innocent act doesn't fool me.
Your innocent look doesn't fool me.
Your input is welcome.
Your inquisitiveness irritates me.
Your inscription was excellent.
Your insecurity comes from your religion.
Your insides are technically your outsides.
Your insight is poor and your judgment is impaired.
Your insights are valuable.
Your insisting won't change anything.
Your insolence comes from your messianic complex.
Your instincts are terrible.
Your instincts are wrong.
Your instincts were correct.
Your instincts were right about Tom.
Your instincts were wrong.
Your instructions are being carried out.
Your instructions were hard to understand.
Your integrity and strong moral compass have taught me the importance of honesty and ethics.
Your intelligence is as vast as the distance between Bombay and Mumbai.
Your intentions are clear as day.
Your intentions are easy to see, you know.
Your interest waned when my finances dwindled.
Your interests are all you can think about.
Your intimate area needs better hygiene.
Your intolerance reflects your insecurity.
Your invention is remarkable.
Your inventory is full.
Your irresponsibility annoys me.
Your irresponsibility worries me.
Your item will be shipped as soon as possible.
Your jacket and tie don't go together.
Your jacket and tie don’t go together.
Your jacket is at the bottom of the pile.
Your jacket is very beautiful.
Your jacket smells like a tire fire.
Your jealousy clouds your judgment and our happiness.
Your jealousy creates unnecessary distance between us.
Your jealousy drowns out the good moments we share.
Your jealousy makes me feel suffocated sometimes.
Your jealousy turns every happy moment sour.
Your jeans are dirty.
Your jeans are too tight.
Your jeans aren't dry yet.
Your jeans should be in that closet.
Your jewelry is very beautiful.
Your jig is up.
Your job hangs by a thread.
Your job is hanging by a thread.
Your job is part of who you are.
Your job is telling us what to do and our job is doing it.
Your job is to find it.
Your job is to gather dead leaves in the garden.
Your job is to greet customers.
Your job is to help Tom do whatever needs to be done.
Your job is to learn diligently.
Your job is to make sure Tom does his job right.
Your job is to play devil's advocate.
Your job is to take out the garbage.
Your job is to take out the rubbish.
Your job isn't difficult.
Your job isn't easy.
Your job isn't hard.
Your job must keep you pretty busy.
Your job was to watch over the field, and you’ve failed! Now how can we trust you?
Your job will be to liaise with our clients.
Your joke bears repeating.
Your joke is funny no matter how many times I hear it.
Your joke is way out of line.
Your jokes aren't funny.
Your jokes were offensive.
Your journey has only just begun.
Your journey should start from within, not from outside.
Your journey starts here.
Your joy is visible.
Your jumper is more colourful than mine.
Your jumper is on back to front.
Your jumper's on back to front.
Your just coming here is a present.
Your justifications are shit.
Your keyboard is filthy.
Your keyboard needs replacing.
Your keys are on the counter.
Your keys are right in front of you.
Your kid bit me.
Your kid bit mine.
Your kid bites like hell!
Your kidneys are amazing. Help them work better by staying hydrated.
Your kidneys are doing fine.
Your kids are adorable.
Your kids are cute.
Your kids cried for you.
Your kids have gone over the edge.
Your kids have got to listen and respect you.
Your kids have had quite a shock.
Your kids need to know the truth.
Your kids need to listen and respect you.
Your kids will stand by you.
Your kind words are a source of strength for me at this difficult time.
Your kindness against another person is unforgettable.
Your kindness and compassion towards others have inspired me to be more empathetic and caring.
Your kindness and your nobility are known everywhere.
Your kindness is a rarity; losing you would be a great loss.
Your kindness makes the world a better place.
Your kindness overwhelms me.
Your kindness really touches me.
Your king is in check.
Your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.
Your kiss is bitter with cocaine.
Your kiss is sweeter than honey.
Your kisses taste like cinnamon.
Your kite is four colors: pink, red, fuchsia, and purple.
Your kite's four colors: pink, red, fuchsia, and purple.
Your knife is on my desk.
Your knife is rusty.
Your knowledge is astounding.
Your knowledge is invaluable.
Your knowledge of the subject is superficial, Tom.
Your knowledge on this subject is mediocre, Tom.
Your knowledge surprises me.
Your laces are untied.
Your lack of responsibility annoys me.
Your lack of sleep will catch up with you someday.
Your lack of support leaves me feeling abandoned.
Your landlord can't make you pay for that.
Your language has very ambiguous syllabic boundaries.
Your language is not sober.
Your language is your religion.
Your language isn't very important.
Your language learning goals may be different from mine.
Your language seems so ancient.
Your language sounds like vomit.
Your language sounds tedious. Your brains are full of tedium.
Your laptop is incredibly fast!
Your laptop screen is cracked, I'm sorry.
Your laptop's Wi-Fi connection is very strong.
Your laptop's battery is running low.
Your laptop's fan is making a strange noise.
Your laptop's graphics card is top-notch.
Your laptop's keyboard is so comfortable to type on.
Your laptop's storage is almost full.
Your laptop's touchpad is not working properly.
Your laptop's webcam quality is impressive.
Your last visit couldn't have been that bad if you've decided to go back.
Your laugh is contagious.
Your laughter is music to my ears.
Your lawyer may answer for you.
Your lawyer should step down from this trial.
Your lawyers want to see you.
Your laziness will make you unhappy.
Your learning amazes me.
Your learning method isn't effective. Try learning fewer words a day. You'll find that you can remember more in the end.
Your lecture was not satisfactory at all.
Your left arm seems to be broken.
Your left eye is congested.
Your left eye is really red.
Your left eye is twitching again.
Your left front tire is flat.
Your left leg has been amputated.
Your left rear tire is flat.
Your legs are really long.
Your legs are ripped.
Your legume is OK.
Your letter crossed mine.
Your letter didn't reach me until today.
Your letter has arrived too late.
Your letter has just arrived.
Your letter is full of spelling mistakes.
Your letter made me happy.
Your letter reached me only today, having been delayed by the heavy snow.
Your letter warmed my heart, but your handwriting is still atrocious.
Your letter was barely legible.
Your letter was received on 29th ultimo.
Your letters arrive in two days.
Your letters lately have been so different, cold and strange, and now this long silence. It makes me afraid.
Your level of fitness is phenomenal.
Your library book is overdue.
Your library is your paradise.
Your license is still suspended, isn't it?
Your license is suspended.
Your lies are just like newspapers!
Your lies are too heavy for me to bear.
Your lies don't deceive me.
Your lies pain me.
Your life can be longer if you stop smoking.
Your life could depend on it.
Your life depends on it.
Your life destiny will always take and go along the path it is supposed to take and you can't take shortcuts through it.
Your life is always guided by a sense of some fate.
Your life is at stake.
Your life is being threatened.
Your life is boring and uninteresting.
Your life is devoid of any values.
Your life is filled with such examples as these.
Your life is in danger.
Your life is in jeopardy.
Your life is in my hands.
Your life is meaningless.
Your life is more important.
Your life is my problem.
Your life is salvageable.
Your life is shaped by the different people you meet in your life.
Your life is so perfect.
Your life is the echo of your mental attitude.
Your life is the echo of your mentality.
Your life is the echo of your mindset.
Your life is the echo of your way of thinking.
Your life is worth living.
Your life is your own. You mold it. You make it. All anyone can do is to point out ways and means which have been helpful to others. Perhaps they will serve as suggestions to stimulate your own thinking until you know what it is that will fulfill you, will help you to find out what you want to do with your life.
Your life may be in danger.
Your life path is already all planned out by some higher divinity.
Your life path will always be overriden by a major sense of destiny ruling over your own life destiny.
Your life path will always take the direction it is supposed to take no matter and despite the outside influences.
Your life path will always take the shape it should take no matter how hard you try to change it and it will always welcome in people who are meant to share your life and who are meant to be in your life path and it will always go back to your pre-destined life destiny.
Your life seems perfect.
Your life should have a healthy balance of fact and fiction. Be practical. Be creative.
Your life will always be guided by a higher power and your life path will always take the course it has to naturally take.
Your life will always go a certain way because events in your life are entirely guided by a sense of destiny and a sense of fate.
Your life will never be the same once you become your own best friend.
Your life won't be easy.
Your life's in danger.
Your lifepath has already been all planned out since the very first day of your birth.
Your lifepath will always pan out the way it was meant to pan out.
Your lifepath will always turn out the way it is supposed to go.
Your light will shine in the darkness.
Your lights are on.
Your lights weren't on, so I thought you weren't home.
Your likes and comments keep me going.
Your limo is here.
Your link isn't working.
Your lip is bleeding.
Your lips are blue.
Your lips are blue. You should get out of the water.
Your lips are fuller than mine.
Your lips are like roses.
Your lips are really soft.
Your lips are really sweet.
Your lips are red.
Your lips are soft like the surface of a cactus.
Your lips are turning blue.
Your lips look so kissable.
Your lips look very kissable.
Your lips taste like chocolates.
Your lips taste really sweet.
Your lipstick's smeared.
Your liquor license is out of date.
Your lithium levels were low.
Your little boy is mischievous.
Your little brother has the face of a slob!
Your little ears are adorable.
Your little girl was born and is doing well.
Your little sentence is too neat.
Your little sister looks up to you, Tom.
Your little tricks won't work on me.
Your liver is doing fine.
Your liver would like it.
Your lives are in danger if you stay here.
Your lives are in danger.
Your lives are in great danger.
Your lives could be in danger.
Your lives may be in danger.
Your lives will be spared if you surrender.
Your lives will be spared.
Your lizard will never love you back, even if you nurture it and name it Fluffy.
Your local animal shelter may offer TNR (trap-neuter-release), a program where you humanely trap stray animals, take them in, have them neutered or spayed, and then release them back onto the street.
Your locker is open.
Your logic can't be faulted.
Your logic doesn't follow.
Your logic escapes me.
Your logic is flawless, I can't possibly argue with it.
Your login attempt was not successful. Please try again.
Your look betrays you.
Your loss is our gain.
Your loud shouting will not help.
Your loud shouting won't help.
Your loud yelling will not help.
Your loud yelling won't help.
Your love affairs don't interest us.
Your love doesn't fulfill me like it used to.
Your love fills my heart with happiness.
Your love fills my heart with joy beyond words.
Your love fills my heart with warmth.
Your love for bananas is truly impressive!
Your love gave me the strength to go on.
Your love has become an essential part of me.
Your love has filled the void in my soul, and without it, I feel an emptiness that words cannot express.
Your love has given me purpose and meaning. I can't exist without the love you selflessly shower upon me.
Your love is fake.
Your love is false.
Your love is less strong than mine.
Your love is like a warm hug that never ends.
Your love is my greatest treasure, not your riches.
Your love is my greatest treasure.
Your love is not enough for me anymore. I want more from life.
Your love is the only thing that keeps me alive.
Your love makes every day worth living.
Your love motivates me to be a better person.
Your love of animals is remarkable.
Your love paints my world with happiness.
Your love remains my constant source of strength.
Your love reminds me how lucky I am to have you.
Your love wraps me around like a warm blanket.
Your lovely voice was very pleasant to my ears.
Your loving friend.
Your luck just ran out.
Your luck will run out sooner or later.
Your luck's just run out.
Your luggage has arrived.
Your luggage must not weigh more than 8 kg.
Your luggage weighs too much.
Your luggage will arrive tomorrow.
Your magic won't work here.
Your maid is not the first one to get screwed.
Your mail has been successfully sent.
Your main problem is your inability to see reality for what it is.
Your makeup is very pretty.
Your making propaganda seems to indicate that you care greatly what other people think.
Your male organ has a strong odor.
Your mamma's so fat, she'd break London Bridge.
Your manager has not properly trained you.
Your manner isn't to my taste.
Your manner of speaking gave you away.
Your manners are impeccable.
Your manners aren't very good.
Your manners aren’t very good.
Your map is quite old, Tom. Give it here, and I'll pencil in the new motorway.
Your marks were well below average this term.
Your marriage is in trouble.
Your marriage wouldn't last six months.
Your mask is going to fall off, sooner or later.
Your massage had positive effects.
Your meal is ready.
Your meaning didn't come across clearly.
Your meaning didn’t come across clearly.
Your meaning is beyond me.
Your meat's going to dry up in the microwave.
Your medicine is ready.
Your meeting with him will take place elsewhere.
Your membership is not automatic.
Your memory hasn't improved much, has it?
Your memory is as good as mine, I think.
Your memory is fine.
Your memory is good.
Your memory isn't too good.
Your mental age is too low.
Your mental health is more important than your grades.
Your message cannot be delivered to the following people or distribution lists.
Your message didn't get to me.
Your message has been received.
Your message has been sent.
Your message has gotten to me.
Your message made me happy.
Your message must contain at least ten characters.
Your message should be at least ten characters long.
Your message was received.
Your message was scant on details.
Your method doesn't attract me.
Your method is better.
Your method is different from mine.
Your method of teaching English is absurd.
Your methods are totally alien to mine.
Your methods don't have an effect on me.
Your mic's on.
Your microphone is off.
Your microphone is on.
Your microphone's on.
Your mileage may vary.
Your milk carton is empty.
Your milk has gone bad, smell it.
Your milk is expired, throw it away.
Your milk is in the fridge.
Your milk is on the top shelf.
Your milk is running low, buy more soon.
Your mind doesn't seem to be on your work.
Your mind is a prison built of words.
Your mind is not occupied with your own affairs.
Your mind is obviously elsewhere.
Your mind is scattered. You're doing a poor job because you can't stay focused on a single task at a time.
Your mindset is somewhat old-fashioned.
Your mission, Tom, should you decide to accept it, is to infiltrate the building and get the secret documents. As always, should you be caught or killed, the Secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions. This message will self-destruct in five seconds. Good luck, Tom.
Your mistake caused a big problem.
Your mistake was thinking you could get away with it.
Your mobile beeped.
Your mobile just rang.
Your mobile phone just rang.
Your mobile rang a minute ago.
Your mobile was off.
Your mobile was switched off.
Your mom and dad don't know?
Your mom is a beautiful woman.
Your mom is cool.
Your mom is here.
Your mom is not gonna change.
Your mom is right, Tom.
Your mom is right.
Your mom is so cute!
Your mom is so fat that she has been granted American citizenship.
Your mom is so fat that she has her own timezones.
Your mom isn't even Algerian.
Your mom left me.
Your mom left you when you were three.
Your mom seems nice.
Your mom speaks six languages â€” that’s nuts.
Your mom speaks six languages — that's nuts.
Your mom was patiently waiting for you.
Your mom's a hussy.
Your mom's already there.
Your mom's here.
Your moment has arrived!
Your mommy's native language was Esperanto, I guess.
Your money is like a ghost, living in a centralized computer.
Your money isn't backed by gold or some other valuable substance.
Your money isn't lost; it's just that somebody else has it now.
Your money isn't lost; it's just that someone else has it now.
Your money or your life!
Your money shouldn't be spent carelessly.
Your mood swings create an unstable environment.
Your moon is burning.
Your moon is returning.
Your moon returns.
Your moon shall burn.
Your moralizing makes me want to puke.
Your most interesting friend is?
Your mother and I are over.
Your mother and I had our first date here.
Your mother and I want you to marry Tom.
Your mother and I would never force you to marry Tom.
Your mother and father are dead.
Your mother asked me to accompany you on this journey, but I didn't want to.
Your mother bakes very good cookies.
Your mother called.
Your mother died yesterday.
Your mother doesn't work here.
Your mother eats shit.
Your mother has a smooth forehead!
Your mother has always loved you.
Your mother has made you what you are.
Your mother insists upon your accepting it.
Your mother is Russian.
Your mother is a MILF.
Your mother is a computer.
Your mother is a lot older than mine.
Your mother is a pornstar.
Your mother is a silver fox.
Your mother is a very good cook.
Your mother is a witch.
Your mother is anxious about your health.
Your mother is extremely dirty‐minded, Pelle. I can't stand her insinuations!
Your mother is going to kill me.
Your mother is half you, and reminds me of you.
Your mother is here.
Your mother is in a nursing home, isn't she?
Your mother is in critical condition.
Your mother is insanely beautiful.
Your mother is much taller than mine.
Your mother is my relative.
Your mother is not going to like, not even a bit, to know that you were here.
Your mother is not strict, is she?
Your mother is old now.
Your mother is ready for everything.
Your mother is related to me.
Your mother is right.
Your mother is sick.
Your mother is so fat that she has been granted American citizenship.
Your mother is so fat, when she’s in town, Rome has eight hills.
Your mother is trying to break up our marriage.
Your mother is very beautiful!
Your mother is very young, isn't she?
Your mother is very young, isn’t she?
Your mother is very young.
Your mother is worried about you.
Your mother is worried about your health.
Your mother is worried sick about you.
Your mother isn’t severe, is she?
Your mother just called. She's sick.
Your mother lives in the Gaeltacht.
Your mother loves me.
Your mother loves you.
Your mother might tell you who your father is.
Your mother must be proud.
Your mother must be very proud.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
Your mother must have been very beautiful when she was young.
Your mother must have been very disappointed.
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.
Your mother must've been very beautiful when she was young.
Your mother put your collage in the top drawer.
Your mother said it to you, didn't she?
Your mother seems like a nice person.
Your mother sounds like a nice person.
Your mother still lives in my heart.
Your mother thinks I'm crazy.
Your mother wants you to come home.
Your mother was an exotic dancer.
Your mother was at home.
Your mother was looking for you.
Your mother will be back before long.
Your mother will be happy for you.
Your mother will be proud of you.
Your mother will get well soon.
Your mother will probably object to your climbing the mountain.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
Your mother would be proud of you.
Your mother would be proud.
Your mother would be very sad if she saw you like this.
Your mother would have been very proud of you.
Your mother would've been very proud of you.
Your mother wouldn't approve.
Your mother wouldn't like it if she knew we were seeing each other.
Your mother's coming the day after tomorrow.
Your mother's doctor wants to talk to you.
Your mother's forehead is smooth!
Your motive was admirable, but your action was not.
Your motives are honourable.
Your motives were honorable.
Your motives weren't obvious from your actions, and you didn't offer any explanation.
Your mousepad is too small.
Your mouth stinks.
Your mouth will bring it back to you once more.
Your mouths are full of thirst.
Your move, Jackson.
Your move.
Your movements were unaccountable.
Your muffins should begin to puff up after ten minutes in the oven.
Your mug has a cute cat design.
Your mug is full of coffee.
Your mug is missing from the cupboard.
Your mug is on the kitchen counter.
Your mug is so colorful.
Your mug is the largest one in the set.
Your mug is the perfect size for a cup of tea.
Your mum eats shit.
Your mum is better than your sister.
Your mum is going to kill me.
Your mum is here.
Your mum makes really good biscuits.
Your mum seems nice.
Your mum's on the phone.
Your muscles are very tense.
Your music is too loud. Keep it down!
Your music pleases me very much.
Your mustache looks nice.
Your naivety knows no bounds.
Your naivety truly amazes me.
Your name affects your personality.
Your name and flight number, please?
Your name came up at the meeting today.
Your name came up at the meeting.
Your name doesn't appear on the list. You're not invited to the party.
Your name doesn't seem to be on the list.
Your name has been added to the list.
Your name has been crossed off the list.
Your name has been deleted from the list.
Your name has been dropped from the list.
Your name has been removed from the list.
Your name has come up a few times.
Your name is Sami, right?
Your name is Tahmid.
Your name is Tom, correct?
Your name is Tom, isn't it?
Your name is Tom, right?
Your name is also on the list.
Your name is at the top of my list.
Your name is at the top of the list.
Your name is beautiful.
Your name is definitely not on the list.
Your name is familiar to me.
Your name is first on the list.
Your name is next on the list.
Your name is not on the guest list.
Your name is not on the list.
Your name is not really Tom, is it?
Your name is on the ballot.
Your name is on the envelope.
Your name is on the list, too.
Your name is on the list.
Your name is on the waiting list.
Your name is so beautiful.
Your name is still on the list.
Your name is taped on the case.
Your name is the first on the list.
Your name is?
Your name isn't Tom, is it?
Your name isn't familiar to me.
Your name isn't on my list.
Your name isn't on the guest list.
Your name isn't on the list.
Your name isn't on the passenger list.
Your name isn't really Tom, is it?
Your name isn't you. That is also just a letter code that identifies you.
Your name rings a bell.
Your name says everything.
Your name says it all.
Your name sounds familiar to me.
Your name sounds familiar.
Your name sounds like a swear word in my native language.
Your name stands first in the list.
Your name stands first on my list.
Your name was deleted from the list.
Your name was dropped from the list.
Your name was given to us by Mr. Hayashi of Keiyo Steel Corporation.
Your name was given to us by Mr. Hayashi of Keyo Steel Corporation.
Your name was mentioned.
Your name was never mentioned.
Your name was number three on the list.
Your name was on the list.
Your name was there.
Your name will be added to the list.
Your name will be displayed as the sender.
Your name wouldn't be Tom Jackson, would it?
Your name wouldn't be Tom, by any chance, would it?
Your name wouldn't be Tom, would it?
Your name's Tom, isn't it?
Your name's further down the list.
Your name's not Tom, is it?
Your name's not on the guest list.
Your name's not on the list.
Your name's on the list.
Your name, please!
Your name, please.
Your name?
Your name? - Robot.
Your name? I'm Paulo.
Your names are Tom and Mary, aren't they?
Your names are Tom and Mary, correct?
Your names are Tom and Mary, right?
Your names were crossed off the list.
Your names wouldn't be Tom and Mary, by any chance, would they?
Your names?
Your namesake has just scored another goal.
Your nan's going home now. Come and say bye to her.
Your natural beauty shines through effortlessly.
Your navel-gazing prevents you from seeing what's really important.
Your neck is like the tower of David, built with parapets, from which hang a thousand shields and armor of all the heroes.
Your necklace goes well with that dress.
Your necklace is beautiful.
Your necktie matches your suit.
Your need for intimacy may increase.
Your need to respect yourself first.
Your needs are still important.
Your needs overlap with mine.
Your negotiation skills aren't bad.
Your neighbor is rich.
Your neighbor's rich.
Your neighbors have complained about your noisy parties.
Your new car looks awfully expensive to me.
Your new client has just sent you a message.
Your new dress becomes you very well.
Your new dress is very nice.
Your new dress is very pretty.
Your new dress looks very good on you.
Your new dress really looks good on you.
Your new dress suits you very much.
Your new friends may laugh at some of the things you do.
Your new furniture is very beautiful.
Your new girlfriend is an excellent catch in the large ocean of girls.
Your new girlfriend is prettier than I am, no doubt.
Your new glasses are in the kitchen.
Your new guitar sounds good.
Your new hair style makes you look older.
Your new hat is elegant, Diana, and so becoming.
Your new hat is very becoming on you.
Your new novel will come out next month.
Your new office will be next to Tom's.
Your new school doesn't have a swimming pool.
Your nickname fits you perfectly.
Your nickname is quite lovely.
Your nose is bleeding.
Your nose is dripping.
Your nose is in my mouth.
Your nose is running!
Your nose is running.
Your nose is running. Blow it.
Your nose isn't bleeding.
Your nose was bleeding.
Your noses are bleeding.
Your note was very sweet.
Your notes are illegible.
Your notes are unreadable.
Your number doesn't answer.
Your number doesn’t answer.
Your number is up.
Your number plate is completely faded.
Your o's look like a's.
Your objection has been noted.
Your objection is noted.
Your offer is a life-saver.
Your offer is offensive.
Your offer is reasonable.
Your offer is very attractive, but we will have to think about it.
Your offer on the house is not acceptable.
Your offer sounds very good.
Your office called and left a message.
Your office is nicer than mine.
Your office is on my way home.
Your office is on the way home.
Your office isn't as large as mine.
Your office looks a lot like mine.
Your offspring will be as the dust of the earth, and you will spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south. In you and in your offspring, all the families of the earth will be blessed.
Your old grandma dances well.
Your old sports equipment can bring joy to aspiring athletes.
Your older brother is really angry.
Your oleander is beautiful.
Your one year stay in Germany was very useful.
Your only duty is to save your dreams.
Your only occupation is laughing!
Your only remedy is to go to the law.
Your only source of income has become unreliable.
Your only talent is getting sick at the wrong time.
Your opinion about video gamers being blind to problems is debatable.
Your opinion and mine have fundamental differences.
Your opinion carries some weight.
Your opinion continues to be irrelevant.
Your opinion doesn't count.
Your opinion doesn't matter.
Your opinion has the potential to shape a better future.
Your opinion is a little old-fashioned.
Your opinion is absurd.
Your opinion is completely irrelevant to me.
Your opinion is far different from mine.
Your opinion is important to me.
Your opinion is important.
Your opinion is interesting.
Your opinion is irrelevant.
Your opinion is just that, an opinion; it doesn't define others.
Your opinion is nonsense.
Your opinion is not asked
Your opinion is not very important to me.
Your opinion is now mine.
Your opinion is off the mark. That's plain to anyone.
Your opinion is off the mark. That’s plain to anyone.
Your opinion is quite different from mine.
Your opinion is similar to mine.
Your opinion is somewhat old-fashioned.
Your opinion is the same as mine.
Your opinion is very constructive.
Your opinion is very important to us.
Your opinion is very interesting.
Your opinion is worthless.
Your opinion isn’t always needed.
Your opinion matters to me.
Your opinion matters.
Your opinion means a lot to me.
Your opinion means nothing to me.
Your opinion seems to be out of date.
Your opinion sounds like a good idea.
Your opinion will motivate the author to write more.
Your opinion, I like it.
Your opinions are out of touch with reality.
Your opinions are right in a way.
Your opinions are worthless.
Your opponent tonight in the ring is very corpulent, but you're stronger.
Your opponent tonight in the ring is very heavyset, but you're stronger.
Your opponent tonight in the ring is very large, but you're stronger.
Your opponents are an illusion. There are no distinct entities of "us" versus "them."
Your options are limited.
Your order has arrived.
Your order has been canceled.
Your order has been carried out.
Your order has been confirmed.
Your order has been delayed.
Your order has been delivered.
Your order has been dispatched.
Your order has been dropped off.
Your order has been shipped.
Your order has been submitted.
Your order has shipped.
Your order is on its way.
Your order is on the way.
Your order is ready.
Your order will be ready within half an hour.
Your order will be shipped as soon as possible.
Your orders have been carried out.
Your orders have been changed.
Your orders won't be questioned.
Your out-of-place jokes irritate me.
Your outfit screams disaster.
Your outfit today is so gorgeous!
Your outrage is completely justified.
Your overly stubborn ways are preventing you from seeing the plain truth.
Your own "monkey mind" is your greatest enemy.
Your own decision is important before everything.
Your own father doesn't trust you.
Your own health is also important.
Your own king must be guarded and you should look for chances to attack the enemy king.
Your own positions are viewpoints that don't make any sense.
Your ox is gassy.
Your o’s look like a’s.
Your pack is full.
Your package has arrived.
Your package is on its way.
Your package might arrive later than expected.
Your package will be sent tomorrow.
Your pain disappears like mist in the morning sun.
Your pain melts away like mist in the morning sun.
Your pain will lift like mist in the morning sun.
Your painting is hanging on the wall.
Your paintings are beautiful.
Your pair of slippers are very cute.
Your pajamas really look nice on you.
Your pantlegs are too long - you'll probably trip.
Your pants are awfully baggy.
Your pants are dirty.
Your pants are inside out.
Your pants are too tight.
Your pants are unzipped.
Your pants reach the floor.
Your pantyhose has a run in it.
Your paper contains too many mistakes.
Your paper is due.
Your paper was excellent.
Your papers seem to be in order.
Your papers, please!
Your papers, travellers!
Your parakeet has escaped.
Your parents adore her.
Your parents adore him.
Your parents adore me.
Your parents adored me.
Your parents are back together.
Your parents are bound to know it.
Your parents are cool.
Your parents are expecting you home tonight.
Your parents are expecting your call.
Your parents are here to pick you up.
Your parents are just worried about your safety.
Your parents are not to blame for such a result.
Your parents are older than mine.
Your parents are right, Tom.
Your parents are right.
Your parents are wonderful.
Your parents are worried about you.
Your parents can't keep us apart forever.
Your parents didn't come, did they?
Your parents didn't raise you right.
Your parents didn’t come, did they?
Your parents don't know?
Your parents each smoke a pack a day.
Your parents hate me, don't they?
Your parents hate me.
Your parents haven't seen you for a long time.
Your parents kept an eye on us.
Your parents know where you are.
Your parents live in Boston, don't they?
Your parents love him.
Your parents love you.
Your parents loved us.
Your parents loved you very much.
Your parents must be anxious.
Your parents must be proud of you.
Your parents must be proud.
Your parents must be so proud of you.
Your parents must have been happy when you got into Harvard.
Your parents must have been worried sick.
Your parents must have been worried when you didn't come home last night.
Your parents must have been worried.
Your parents must've been happy when you got into Harvard.
Your parents must've been worried when you didn't come home last night.
Your parents must've been worried.
Your parents ought to know it.
Your parents raised you well.
Your parents really like you.
Your parents say she never bathed without company.
Your parents speak French to you, don't they?
Your parents speak French, don't they?
Your parents used to really love us.
Your parents were really worried.
Your parents were right.
Your parents were very proud of you.
Your parents will be worried.
Your parents will never allow you to go.
Your parents would be proud.
Your parents would be so proud.
Your parents would have been proud of you.
Your parents would never allow you to do that.
Your parents would've been proud of you.
Your parents wouldn't approve.
Your parents' house is too far!
Your party doesn't answer.
Your party doesn’t answer.
Your party is on line.
Your party is on the line.
Your party was a lot of fun.
Your party was fun.
Your passive-aggressive remarks are tiresome; I implore you to discover a more positive way to spend your time.
Your passive-aggressive remarks serve no purpose; I encourage you to discover something more fulfilling to occupy your time.
Your passport does not, in itself, entitle you to enter this country.
Your passport has been printed.
Your passport is in my purse.
Your passport photo doesn't look anything like you.
Your passport, please.
Your password has been changed.
Your password has been leaked in a data leak on a site or in an app. Check your saved passwords.
Your password has been set.
Your password has just been changed.
Your password has just been sent. Check your email.
Your password was changed.
Your past doesn't matter to me.
Your past is none of my business.
Your path is a difficult one.
Your patience irritates me.
Your patients won't abandon you.
Your patriotic discourse won't work on me.
Your pay cheque will arrive on Monday.
Your payment is due.
Your payment is now two months overdue.
Your peers often have that problem.
Your pen is bad.
Your pen is better than mine.
Your pen sucks.
Your pen was under the table.
Your pencil is very dark.
Your pencils need sharpening.
Your pencils need to be sharpened.
Your penis is big.
Your penis is small.
Your pens suck.
Your people are incompatible with theirs.
Your people are killing Muslims in Afghanistan.
Your people feel a sense of generalized hatred.
Your people have lots of psychological insecurities.
Your people know that I have a superior intellect.
Your performance fell short of the expectations.
Your performance record is much better than Ziri's.
Your performance truly moved us.
Your performance was good.
Your performance was sloppy.
Your performance was very good.
Your performance wasn't bad.
Your perfume is excessively strong.
Your perfume is overly strong.
Your perfume is overpowering.
Your perfume is really strong.
Your perfume is too strong.
Your persistence is not appreciated.
Your personal computer is identical with mine.
Your personal data is your identity.
Your personal well-being is the most important thing to you.
Your perspective adds depth and richness to discussions.
Your pessimism won't produce any positive results.
Your pessimism won't serve you well.
Your pet dogs are part of your family and they do feel feelings towards you. And if you are talking to them, they might not necessarily understand all the words that you're saying, but they certainly understand the emotions behind them.
Your pet is going to be thrilled with this toy.
Your pet is planning to eat you.
Your pet wants to eat you.
Your philosophy of life is different than mine.
Your philosophy of life varies from mine.
Your phone beeped.
Your phone has been buzzing nonstop.
Your phone is bugged.
Your phone is on the dining room table.
Your phone is ringing again.
Your phone is ringing.
Your phone is ringing. Answer it, please.
Your phone is ringing. Don't you want to answer it?
Your phone is visibly damaged, but I think it's still serviceable.
Your phone just rang.
Your phone rang several times while you were in the shower.
Your phone was off.
Your phone was switched off.
Your phone's been ringing all morning.
Your phone's not going to work in this cave.
Your phone's ringing.
Your phone's vibrating.
Your photograph doesn't do you justice.
Your physical body will wear out and die one day.
Your physical condition is crucial.
Your physical strength surpasses mine without a doubt.
Your physiotherapist said that it might be therapeutic.
Your picture is pretty, but the focus isn't right.
Your pillow is dirty.
Your pipes will be as good as new.
Your pitching is far superior to mine.
Your pits stink.
Your place is always clean.
Your place is by my side.
Your place is here, in your father's house.
Your place is in this clinic.
Your place is nice.
Your place or mine?
Your plan actually worked.
Your plan can't be achieved.
Your plan could backfire on you.
Your plan didn't work.
Your plan failed.
Your plan has been rejected.
Your plan has the virtue of being practical.
Your plan has worked so well so far.
Your plan is OK, but mine is better.
Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.
Your plan is a good one, but mine is better.
Your plan is a good one.
Your plan is a great one.
Your plan is bound to fail.
Your plan is brilliant.
Your plan is doomed to fail.
Your plan is excellent.
Your plan is good, but mine is better.
Your plan is good, but mine is much better.
Your plan is heading for disaster.
Your plan is heading for failure.
Your plan is not in line with our policy.
Your plan is of no earthly use.
Your plan is pretty good.
Your plan is standing on a very shaky base support.
Your plan is stupid.
Your plan is sure to succeed.
Your plan is terrible.
Your plan is unfeasible.
Your plan is very good, but mine is better.
Your plan is very good.
Your plan is way too complicated.
Your plan isn't working.
Your plan just might work.
Your plan must fit in with mine.
Your plan requires a large amount of money.
Your plan seemed the best.
Your plan seems better than mine.
Your plan seems excellent.
Your plan seems to be the best one.
Your plan sounds good, but the bottom line is: will it bring us more business?
Your plan sounds great.
Your plan sounds interesting to me.
Your plan succeeded.
Your plan to buy another PC is out of the question.
Your plan to purchase another PC will not be a problem at all.
Your plan won't be successful.
Your plan won't turn into success.
Your plan won't work.
Your plan worked.
Your plan's no good. - Ha, so now it's "my" plan!
Your plane doesn't leave for an hour.
Your plane will take off right away.
Your plans are ambitious.
Your plans are very good, but mine are better than yours.
Your plans changed drastically.
Your plans sound vague to me.
Your plans will never come to fruition unless you make them more realistic.
Your plans won't succeed.
Your plants wouldn't have died if you'd watered them.
Your play is so wrong and disturbing.
Your playing is choppy.
Your playing sounds a bit stilted. You have to loosen up your fingers.
Your playlist sucks.
Your plotter is out of ink.
Your pocketbook is not going to be transformed into a Fortunatus’s purse, which shall be always full of money without effort on your part.
Your poem would be more powerful if you cut the final stanza.
Your poetry is great.
Your point may be a little off target, but it certainly is close.
Your point of view doesn't carry much weight on it's own, I'm sorry to say, especially if we take the whole situation in account.
Your point of view is a bit biased.
Your point of view is certainly peculiar.
Your policy is mistaken.
Your political party is completely corrupt.
Your poop is so stinky.
Your poor memory is due to poor listening habits.
Your position is unprovable and unsound.
Your position isn't tenable.
Your positive attitude and optimism have taught me to approach life with a hopeful mindset.
Your positive energy is infectious; it’s something I want to nurture within myself.
Your positivity is contagious.
Your possessions possess you and will hardly make you less dependent.
Your posture makes you look shorter than you actually are.
Your posture makes you look shorter than you really are.
Your potential is unlimited.
Your power has abandoned you.
Your powers of communication are high.
Your powers of communication are of a high standard.
Your prayer will be answered.
Your prediction finally came true.
Your prediction was accurate.
Your prediction was almost right.
Your predictions never come true.
Your predictions were correct.
Your prejudices are showing.
Your prepuce really bothers you. You think it's feminine.
Your presence adds a special touch to any gathering.
Your presence alone makes the world a better place.
Your presence brings peace to my soul.
Your presence brought an indescribable happiness that I'll forever cherish.
Your presence fills my soul with an overwhelming sense of delight.
Your presence helps.
Your presence ignites a fire within me.
Your presence ignites a passion in me.
Your presence in my life gives me hope and makes me excited for what lies ahead.
Your presence in my life has become an essential part of my being, and I can't fathom waking up each day without you.
Your presence in my life is a precious gift.
Your presence in my life is like a beautiful melody.
Your presence is appreciated.
Your presence is not welcomed here. Please leave at once!
Your presence is required.
Your presence isn't appreciated.
Your presence isn't welcome here.
Your present trouble is on my mind all the time.
Your presentation was so smooth and fluent - what can I say?
Your press conference has been canceled.
Your principles are not consistent with your actions.
Your prints were on the gun.
Your privacy and comfort are of utmost importance.
Your privacy is a joke.
Your privacy is important to our company.
Your privacy is important to us.
Your privacy is something that I value.
Your privacy is very important.
Your privacy online is very valuable, do not give it away for free.
Your probation ends on October 20th.
Your problem and mine are similar.
Your problem and mine are the same.
Your problem and mine aren't exactly the same.
Your problem is similar to mine.
Your problem is temporary, and suicide is permanent.
Your problem is that you don't pay attention.
Your problem is that you give up too easily.
Your problem is that you live in your own bubble.
Your problem is that you think too much.
Your problem is that you think you have to do everything your parents tell you to do.
Your problem is that you've always been too trusting.
Your problem is you believe everything Tom says.
Your problem is you don't get enough exercise.
Your problem is you don't listen very carefully.
Your problem is you don't study enough.
Your problem is you eat too much junk food.
Your problem is you think all dogs are friendly.
Your problem is you're easily distracted.
Your problem is you're not motivated.
Your problem is you're not patient enough.
Your problem isn't important.
Your problem's not with me.
Your problem.
Your problems are my problems.
Your problems are not the ones that will be solved.
Your problems are nothing compared to mine.
Your problems are over.
Your problems are similar to mine.
Your problems don't concern me.
Your problems don’t concern me.
Your problems will go away as soon as you dump her.
Your problems won't just go away because you cover your eyes.
Your process will be reviewed, according to predefined criteria.
Your processor is too old.
Your profile photo is unprofessional.
Your profile picture is beautiful, Sami.
Your profile picture is beautiful, Tiziri.
Your project is standing on a slippery backbone.
Your project needs a large amount of money.
Your project needs a significant amount of money.
Your prompt attention to this matter will be greatly appreciated.
Your prompt reply is urgently required.
Your pronunciation is excellent.
Your pronunciation is good.
Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Your pronunciation is mostly correct.
Your pronunciation is superb!
Your pronunciation is very good.
Your pronunciation isn't very good.
Your proof is elegant.
Your proof is falsified.
Your proof is sophisticated.
Your propaganda is not interesting.
Your propaganda is so amateur, as I'm an expert in psychology.
Your propaganda is so amateur.
Your propaganda isn't scientific, and it doesn't seem effective.
Your propaganda stinks. The Earth is a mere speck of dust in a vast sandy beach. It's relativity. You worry about really nothing.
Your prophecy has come true.
Your proposal contradicts ours.
Your proposal doesn't have any practical value.
Your proposal is a bit extreme.
Your proposal is antithetical to our own.
Your proposal is really good.
Your proposal is timely.
Your proposal is worth considering.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
Your proposal sounds good.
Your proposal will meet with significant resistance.
Your publications are so unappealing.
Your pulse has gone up.
Your pulse is a little fast.
Your pulse is normal.
Your punishment is stayed pending appeal.
Your pupil is blue and when you laugh, its muted clarity reminds me of the shimmering dazzling light of the morning that is reflected in the sea. Your pupil is blue and when you cry, I imagine the translucent tears as drops of dew on a violet. Your pupil is blue, and when, in its aura, like a point of light radiating an idea, it appears to me as a lost star in the evening sky.
Your puppy is absolutely adorable!
Your puppy is so cute!
Your puppy is so cute.
Your purpose is similar to mine.
Your purse is on the chair.
Your purse is open.
Your purse is similar to mine.
Your pussy is wet.
Your pussy smells like ass.
Your pussy stinks when you have sex with me, because you are a dirty slut.
Your pyjamas are naff.
Your question caught me off guard.
Your question does not bear on the subject under discussion.
Your question does not have an answer.
Your question doesn't belong to the topic that is being discussed.
Your question doesn't have an answer.
Your question doesn't have anything to do with the subject.
Your question embarrassed me.
Your question has no answer.
Your question has no answers.
Your question has nothing to do with the subject.
Your question indicates a complete lack of understanding of the situation.
Your question is difficult to answer.
Your question is hard for me to answer.
Your question is hard to answer.
Your question is illogical.
Your question is not relevant to the subject.
Your question is very hard to answer.
Your question isn't relevant to the subject.
Your question isn't very democratic.
Your question makes no sense.
Your questions are getting progressively more profound.
Your questions are weird.
Your questions were too direct.
Your racket is right over there.
Your rage weighs heavily on me.
Your raincoat is purple.
Your random firing will scare away the prey.
Your reaction is surprisingly childish.
Your reaction wasn't surprising at all.
Your readers will appreciate it.
Your readers will thank you.
Your reading is very advanced.
Your reality isn't real.
Your reason is very good.
Your reasoning is unclear.
Your reasoning isn't sound.
Your record in mathematics is good.
Your record indicates a proclivity for violence.
Your record is cracked.
Your record is good.
Your red cheeks give away your perversion.
Your red cheeks radiate innocence.
Your refrigerator is open.
Your refusal to help complicated matters.
Your regular homeowners insurance policy will provide coverage for necessary home repairs.
Your regulations don't apply to me.
Your reign will be disastrous and brief.
Your rejection is a benefit to you.
Your relationship doesn't suit me.
Your relationship with him has to be over.
Your religion does not interest me.
Your religion does not really meld with nature.
Your religion doesn't apply to anyone, really, except the people who voluntarily follow it.
Your religion doesn't apply to me.
Your religion focuses on the anger of fire.
Your religion imprisons you. Your people cannot escape your past.
Your religion is for you and my religion is for me.
Your religion is like a "straitjacket."
Your religion is no match for my science.
Your religion is not entitled to special treatment or special respect.
Your religion is not interesting to me.
Your religion is over-freighted around this world.
Your religion is the only one you would do this for.
Your religion is ugly.
Your religion isn't a big money-maker, unlike the sci-fi industry, which inspires the young and old, alike.
Your religion isn't science fiction!
Your religion promotes indolence.
Your religion promotes laziness.
Your religion really affects your behaviour.
Your religion uses fear as a motivator. I think that it's not good. You don't have a peace of mind.
Your religion was invented in the second millennium.
Your religious background discouraged scientific investigation.
Your religious views about sexuality are not acceptable to my people.
Your remark amounts almost to insult.
Your remark is irrelevant to our argument.
Your remark is irrelevant.
Your remarks are besides the point.
Your remarks are inappropriate.
Your remarks are off the point.
Your remarks are out of place here.
Your remarks deeply offended Tom.
Your remarks hurt me more than I can express.
Your remarks offended Tom.
Your remarks were out of place.
Your remarks were rather out of place.
Your repeated tardiness is really frustrating me.
Your replacement has already been chosen.
Your replacement has already been picked.
Your replies are improper of your condition of a cultured person.
Your replies have been slow lately. Have you been busy?
Your reply is unclear.
Your reply is wrong.
Your reply surprised Tom.
Your report is due tomorrow.
Your report is good - even remarkable.
Your report is pretty good, if not excellent.
Your reports will of course be treated confidentially.
Your reputation is good.
Your reputation precedes you.
Your request for time off was denied.
Your request has been denied because you have no valid residential address.
Your request is denied.
Your request isn't reasonable.
Your request of this matter has been accepted.
Your request won't be overlooked; I'll see to that.
Your research will surely bear fruit.
Your reservation is reconfirmed.
Your resilience is truly admirable.
Your resolution to exercise every day is very nice.
Your response is far from complete.
Your response is greatly appreciated and will enable us to prepare more efficiently.
Your response is not perfect at all.
Your response is wholly insufficient.
Your response was unsatisfactory.
Your restraining order is toilet paper.
Your result is worse than mine.
Your results are amazing.
Your resume is impressive.
Your resume is very impressive.
Your resume's impressive.
Your ride's here.
Your right sock is inside out.
Your right taillight is busted.
Your right to privacy is something I take seriously.
Your risk of prostate cancer is moderate.
Your robot will prepare meals, clean, wash dishes, and perform other household tasks.
Your role here is so important.
Your role will be to direct this project to its conclusion.
Your room could use a little tidying up.
Your room gets more sun than mine.
Your room is a lot cleaner than mine.
Your room is a lot neater than mine is.
Your room is a lot neater than mine.
Your room is a mess.
Your room is a pigsty.
Your room is always so neat.
Your room is at the end of the corridor.
Your room is at the end of the hall.
Your room is big.
Your room is bigger than mine.
Your room is cleaner than mine is.
Your room is cleaner than mine.
Your room is dirty.
Your room is down the hall.
Your room is like a tip.
Your room is neat.
Your room is on the first floor.
Your room is out of order.
Your room is quite minimalist.
Your room is ready now.
Your room is ready.
Your room is really clean.
Your room is still a mess.
Your room is still untidy.
Your room is the first one on the left.
Your room is twice the size of mine.
Your room is very big.
Your room is very clean.
Your room is very messy.
Your room isn't empty any more.
Your room isn't very clean.
Your room isn't very large.
Your room looks as if a bomb hit it!
Your room looks like a pigsty.
Your room looks like a tip.
Your room looks pretty clean.
Your room looks pretty.
Your room must always be kept clean.
Your room needs to be cleaned.
Your room number is five hundred four: five-oh-four.
Your room number, please.
Your room number, please?
Your room smells like number two.
Your room stinks.
Your room's ready.
Your roommate is creepy.
Your rucksack is on my desk.
Your rules don't apply to me.
Your rusty bicycle chain could use some lube.
Your ruthless actions left no room for mercy.
Your rÃ©sumÃ© has really impressed me.
Your résumé has a lot of spelling errors.
Your résumé has really impressed me.
Your résumé is riddled with spelling errors.
Your sacrifice was not in vain.
Your sacrifice won't go unnoticed.
Your safety comes first.
Your safety is very important to us.
Your safety isn't our concern.
Your safety isn't our responsibility.
Your salary is based on commissions.
Your salary is commission-based.
Your sales are good this month.
Your sales are looking good this month.
Your sanity isn't in question.
Your sarcasm is inappropriate.
Your saxophone isn't as old as mine.
Your scarf is dragging along the ground.
Your scarf is in the closet.
Your schedule, is it too full?
Your scheme is like a house built on the sand.
Your school is great, since it reimburses you for the return tickets.
Your school is so kind to reimburse you for the return airfare.
Your schoolbag is here, Mary.
Your scream nearly made me deaf.
Your screams frightened me.
Your seal or signature here, please.
Your seat is here.
Your seat is over there.
Your seat's there.
Your second button is coming off.
Your second chance is over.
Your second child is a boy? Lucky you! Things are going according to the saying - Have a girl first and a boy next.
Your secret is safe with Mennad.
Your secret is safe with me.
Your secret is safe with us.
Your secret will be safe with me.
Your secret will die with me.
Your secret's safe with me.
Your secret's safe with us.
Your secret's safe.
Your secretary looked busy.
Your secretary said to come in.
Your secretary said you wanted to see me.
Your secretary seems to know the truth.
Your secrets are safe with me.
Your security guard wouldn't let me in.
Your seductive words have a powerful effect on me, causing me to become erect.
Your see-through dress really excites me.
Your self-image affects, and is affected by, the way you interpret your achievements.
Your self-pity gets on my nerves.
Your selfishness is annoying.
Your selfishness will lose you your friends.
Your sense of humor is beginning to exert itself.
Your sense of humour is starting to show.
Your sense of logic is heavily flawed, I just can't seem to follow your logic in your argument.
Your sense of style is unique; I want to express myself like you do.
Your sense of superiority is damaging our relationship.
Your sentence needs a lot of improvement.
Your sentence structure and word choice make it very clear indeed that you have a high command of the German language.
Your sentence was not added because it already exists.
Your sentence was not added because the following already exists.
Your sentences are the only ones which should be translated on this site.
Your sentences are too difficult to translate.
Your sentences are very important.
Your sentences were like a green meadow in winter.
Your sentences will be useless.
Your services are appreciated.
Your services are no longer required.
Your session expired, please log yourself back in.
Your session has timed out.
Your settings have been saved.
Your severance money is already gone.
Your sex drive might go up and down.
Your sex life probably won't change dramatically.
Your sexual orientation is not something you can change.
Your shamelessness knows no bounds.
Your share is twenty dollars.
Your sheep and herds take along with you, as you demanded, and departing bless me.
Your shelf is full of books.
Your shift ends at 2.30.
Your shift ends at 2:30.
Your ship sails at a quarter past four.
Your shipment should be delivered within 24 hours.
Your shipment should be delivered within twenty four hours.
Your shipment should be delivered within twenty-four hours.
Your shirt button is about to fall off.
Your shirt button is coming off.
Your shirt has a button missing.
Your shirt has a stain on it.
Your shirt has bloodstains on it.
Your shirt is a bit too formal for this occasion.
Your shirt is all wet.
Your shirt is back to front.
Your shirt is completely wet through.
Your shirt is dirty.
Your shirt is in the wash.
Your shirt is inside out.
Your shirt is iridescent!
Your shirt is ironed wrong and isn't white enough.
Your shirt is missing a button.
Your shirt is on backwards.
Your shirt is pretty wrinkled.
Your shirt is so soft and comfortable.
Your shirt is so stylish.
Your shirt is soaking wet.
Your shirt is stained.
Your shirt is the same color as mine.
Your shirt is too tight, you should get a bigger size.
Your shirt is torn.
Your shirt is torn. You better put on another shirt.
Your shirt is torn. You'd better put on another shirt.
Your shirt is unbuttoned.
Your shirt is very wrinkled. Take it off and I'll iron it for you.
Your shirt is wrinkled.
Your shirt looks great on you.
Your shirt matches your shoes perfectly.
Your shirt needs to be ironed.
Your shirt needs to be washed.
Your shirt needs washed.
Your shirt needs washing.
Your shirt's not tucked in.
Your shirt's on inside out.
Your shirt's really dirty.
Your shirts need to be washed.
Your shoe stinks.
Your shoe's untied.
Your shoelaces are untied.
Your shoes are by the front door.
Your shoes are dirty.
Your shoes are getting wet in the rain.
Your shoes are here.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
Your shoes are muddy.
Your shoes are nice. Are they new?
Your shoes are on the wrong feet.
Your shoes are out there getting wet in the rain.
Your shoes are under the bed.
Your shoes are untied.
Your shoes are wet. Put them near the fire.
Your shoes are worn out from walking.
Your shoes aren't the right size.
Your shoes do not go with the suit.
Your shoes do not match with the dress.
Your shoes don't fit you very well.
Your shoes don't go with that outfit.
Your shoes need brushing. They are muddy.
Your shoes stink.
Your shoes want mending.
Your short hair suits you.
Your shoulder muscles are really tight.
Your shoulders are very tense.
Your show will be back after these messages.
Your sighs are in vain - I will not fulfil your fantasy.
Your signature is requested on this contract, ma'am.
Your signature is requested on this contract, sir.
Your silence makes me nervous.
Your silence often felt like rejection.
Your silence speaks volumes about you.
Your silence will encourage them to oppress you.
Your silly talk won't get you anywhere.
Your sincerity brings profit.
Your sincerity makes me happy.
Your singing gives me a headache.
Your singing is pretty good.
Your singing puts many a professional singer to shame.
Your singing puts professional singers to shame.
Your singing really impressed Tom.
Your singing voice is terrible.
Your singing voice isn't bad.
Your singing would put a professional singer to shame.
Your sister and I get along well.
Your sister and I have known each other for a long time.
Your sister brought snacks for your trip.
Your sister called.
Your sister can not speak English.
Your sister can't swim well, can she?
Your sister can't talk to you today.
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
Your sister didn't go on a trip, did she?
Your sister didn't hurt herself, did she?
Your sister didn’t go on a trip, did she?
Your sister didn’t hurt herself, did she?
Your sister does not swim very well, right?
Your sister enjoys watching sumo wrestling on TV.
Your sister has a sense of beauty.
Your sister is a good pianist, isn't she?
Your sister is a good pianist, isn’t she?
Your sister is an awesome girl.
Your sister is attractive.
Your sister is beautiful as ever.
Your sister is competitive.
Your sister is lazier than all the other students.
Your sister is much younger than you, but you look younger.
Your sister is my age.
Your sister is my friend.
Your sister is the most diligent of all my friends.
Your sister is ugly.
Your sister is younger than mine.
Your sister isn’t older than you, is she?
Your sister knows well what I am speaking about.
Your sister looks as noble as if she were a princess.
Your sister looks like you.
Your sister phoned.
Your sister rang.
Your sister was asking about you.
Your sister wasn't in the temple today.
Your sister's as beautiful as ever.
Your sister's carefree and casual air makes her very attractive.
Your sister's got a new boyfriend, hasn't she?
Your sister's husband is your brother-in-law.
Your sister's sleeping.
Your sisters were with my mother.
Your sister’s as beautiful as ever.
Your site appeals to people who are interested in cats.
Your sitting room is lovely and your Berber carpet is a nice touch.
Your situation is analogous to mine.
Your situation is the same as mine.
Your situation isn't hopeless.
Your skill impresses me.
Your skills are not needed.
Your skills will get rusty if you don't use them.
Your skin feels like sandpaper.
Your skin is artificially blue as is your hair.
Your skin is breaking out.
Your skin is smooth, isn't it?
Your skin is so smooth.
Your skin is so soft.
Your skin is white like paper.
Your skin looks fantastic.
Your skin looks great.
Your skin serves as one of the first lines of defense against illness and injury. Its health depends on the balance between your own cells and the millions of microbes—including bacteria, fungi, and viruses—that live on its surface. But during an average day, parts of your skin may brush surfaces in stores, elevators, and restrooms; get nicked by a kitchen knife; be washed with rain; rest on a gym mat; and be slobbered on by a dog.
Your skirt has three buttons.
Your skirt is out of fashion.
Your skirt is too short.
Your skirt is very cute.
Your skirt is way too short.
Your skirt isn't modern.
Your skirt's on backwards.
Your slaves are your brothers and Allah has put them under your command. So whoever has a brother under his command should feed him of what he eats and dress him of what he wears.
Your sleep pattern is beyond my understanding.
Your smile always makes me happy.
Your smile is like the sun breaking through the clouds.
Your smile is very beautiful.
Your smile lights up my world and brings warmth to my soul. You mean more to me than words can express. You're my everything.
Your smile lights up my world, and without it, everything feels dull and lifeless. I need you to brighten my days.
Your smile makes my day brighter.
Your smoking bothers me.
Your sneakers are dirty; take them off before you come in.
Your snoring kept me up all night.
Your so-called sedative only exacerbates the pain.
Your sock has a hole so big that the heel is visible.
Your socks are inside out.
Your socks are on inside out.
Your socks don't match.
Your socks stink.
Your soft purrs make my heart melt.
Your software has to be updated.
Your software is up-to-date.
Your software needs to be updated periodically.
Your software needs to be updated.
Your software needs updating.
Your software should be up-to-date to play the video.
Your software should be updated.
Your soil is in need of amending.
Your son did not die in vain.
Your son did not die in vain. He died a hero.
Your son did not die in vain. He died fighting for his country.
Your son doesn't look like you.
Your son doesn't respect privacy.
Your son has a very high absence rate.
Your son has become a man.
Your son has been gone for a long time.
Your son has been smoking.
Your son has come of age.
Your son is a gangster.
Your son is a genius.
Your son is a happy boy.
Your son is a hero.
Your son is a lot like your father.
Your son is a man now.
Your son is a nice, fine young man.
Your son is a real hero.
Your son is almost a copy of your father.
Your son is almost the copy of your father.
Your son is already five?
Your son is an angel.
Your son is dating my daughter.
Your son is not interested in studying.
Your son is playing with my tool. Tell him I need it here right now.
Your son is quite grown up now.
Your son is sick.
Your son is very bright, much more than his age.
Your son isn't like you.
Your son looks like Tom.
Your son looks skinny, tell me is he eating anything at home?
Your son may have become addicted.
Your son must be quite tall by now.
Your son seems ill.
Your son seems to be ill.
Your son took part in the student movement, I hear.
Your son will be successful for sure.
Your son will be well taken care of.
Your son's good nature will be put to the test when he starts to teethe.
Your son-in-law gave it to him, for he needed it badly.
Your son-in-law works in an office, right?
Your songwriting skills are horrendous.
Your sons are in the garden.
Your sons are quite handsome.
Your sons are very rich.
Your sons are very wealthy.
Your sore spot isn't looking pretty at all.
Your sorrow is my sorrow.
Your soul belongs to me.
Your soul can be outside your body; don't assume that it's inside.
Your soul has been condemned to hell.
Your soul is the only place no one can visit unless you give them access.
Your soul needs rescue.
Your soul needs to be saved.
Your soup is getting cold.
Your soup is sweet. Did you mix up the salt and the sugar?
Your soup's getting cold.
Your sources were wrong.
Your sovereign is king of Prussia and emperor of Germany.
Your spark plugs need to be changed.
Your speech is appropriate for the occasion.
Your speech is not at all understandable to me.
Your speech is utterly incomprehensible, and your letters are always written completely illegibly.
Your speech lacked some consistency.
Your speech sucked.
Your speech suits the occasion.
Your speech was appropriate for the occasion.
Your speech was excellent.
Your speech was far from satisfactory.
Your speech was good.
Your speech was interesting.
Your speech was quite interesting.
Your speech was really funny.
Your speech was sort of pedantic.
Your speech was splendid.
Your speech was wonderful.
Your speech will be recorded in history.
Your sphincter is the muscle at the end of your digestive tract.
Your spirit goes before your wit.
Your spirit has fallen into hell.
Your spouse works fast but mine works slow.
Your standards confuse me.
Your statement about Algeria isn't quite true.
Your statement is mostly correct.
Your statements contradict each other.
Your step-mother is not sending you to her granny, but to a wicked witch who lives in that great gloomy wood.
Your stepmother is a despicable serpent.
Your stitches will be removed in a few days.
Your stitches will need to be removed in a few days.
Your stomach has been rumbling for quite a while now. Are you sure you're all right?
Your stomach will hurt if you eat all this.
Your stomach will hurt if you eat that much.
Your stomach won't be full from promises.
Your stomach won’t be full from promises.
Your stories are deep.
Your stories are shallow.
Your stories bored me!
Your stories never added up from the start.
Your story can't be true.
Your story doesn't corroborate what I've heard before.
Your story doesn't square with the facts.
Your story doesn’t corroborate what I’ve heard before.
Your story doesn’t square with the facts.
Your story has no plot.
Your story idea is very original and it's scaring me.
Your story is boring.
Your story is funnier than that of the salesman.
Your story is funnier than the salesman's.
Your story is funny.
Your story is hard to believe.
Your story is on its last legs.
Your story is sad.
Your story is strange but believable.
Your story is too complicated.
Your story isn't over yet.
Your story only confirms my suspicions about your bad behavior.
Your story reminded me of my younger days.
Your story seems a bit far-fetched to me.
Your story sounds credible.
Your story was as good as his story.
Your story wasn't interesting.
Your story wasn't very scary.
Your strategy didn't work.
Your strategy is a good one, I think.
Your strategy seems to be working.
Your strategy was good.
Your strategy worked.
Your streets become muddy whenever it rains.
Your strength has left you.
Your strength is also your weakness.
Your stubble suits you.
Your stubborn crap makes people sick.
Your stubbornness will cost you dearly.
Your student called me.
Your students aren't likely to do exactly as they're told.
Your students don't like me.
Your students had a nickname for you when you were a teacher. What was it?
Your students have given us new hope.
Your study will bear fruit.
Your stuff is all outside.
Your stuff needs to be moved.
Your stupid plan is actually working.
Your stupid remark just added fuel to the flames.
Your style is outdated, try not to dress like an old lady.
Your style is very simple.
Your style of interaction bothers me.
Your submission is great! Congratulations!
Your subscription expired.
Your subscription expires with the June issue.
Your subscription has been terminated.
Your subscription has ended.
Your substitute has already been picked out.
Your success depends a lot on how your manager and other people in the office perceive you.
Your success depends on whether you pass the STEP examination or not.
Your success depends on your efforts.
Your success depends upon whether you work hard or not.
Your success excites my envy.
Your success in the enterprise depends on your effort.
Your success in the examination depends on how hard you study.
Your success is the result of your hard work.
Your success was nothing short of a miracle.
Your success will be met with my cold indifference.
Your success will largely depend upon how you will make good use of your opportunity.
Your successor has already been chosen.
Your sudden appearance has surprised me.
Your sudden appearance surprised me.
Your suffering amuses me.
Your suggestion amounts to an order.
Your suggestion came up at the meeting.
Your suggestion is better than Tom's.
Your suggestion is better.
Your suggestion is bold and interesting.
Your suggestion is of no practical use.
Your suggestion is worth considering.
Your suggestion seems irrelevant to our discussion here.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.
Your suggestion that we should help Tom is a good one.
Your suggestion weighed heavily in this decision.
Your suggestion will be rejected by the teacher.
Your suit is the same as mine.
Your suit looks very expensive.
Your suitcase is heavier than mine.
Your suitcase is too heavy.
Your suitcase is very heavy.
Your suitcase looks exactly like mine.
Your suitcase looks heavy.
Your suitcase looks really heavy.
Your suitcase looks very heavy.
Your suitcases are over there.
Your suitcases look heavy.
Your summary is not up to par.
Your summary leaves nothing to be desired.
Your summer vacation sounds stupid.
Your sunglasses are on the dashboard.
Your supervisor just called.
Your supervisor will be quite pleased.
Your supply of anecdotes is inexhaustible.
Your support and understanding have been my guiding light, and I can't navigate through life's uncertainties without you.
Your support has been wonderful.
Your support is appreciated.
Your support is greatly appreciated.
Your support is overwhelmingly awesome.
Your support means a great deal to me.
Your support means a lot to me.
Your support means the world to me.
Your survival ensures the continuity of our patrimoine.
Your sweater is inside out.
Your sweater is on backwards.
Your sweater's on backwards.
Your sweet love sees me through.
Your syllogism is completely false.
Your syllogism is completely wrong.
Your system isn't suited to our company's needs.
Your system isn’t suited to our company’s needs.
Your t-shirt has a stain on it.
Your t-shirt is inside out.
Your t-shirt needs to be washed.
Your table is ready, sir.
Your table is ready.
Your tablet is on the shelf.
Your tag is sticking out.
Your tail is cute.
Your tail is in the way.
Your tail lights are on.
Your tailor is a genius.
Your talents are more needed elsewhere.
Your talents could be put to better use somewhere else.
Your talents far surpass my own.
Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener.
Your task is to turn the ship around.
Your task will be to train the employees on the new computer system.
Your task will not be an easy one.
Your taste in colour doesn't appeal to me.
Your taste in music is conservative.
Your taste in music is quite narrow.
Your taste is very strange.
Your taxi is here.
Your taxi is waiting outside.
Your taxi is waiting.
Your tea has a calming effect on me.
Your tea has got cold.
Your tea is getting cold, better drink it now.
Your tea is getting cold.
Your tea is ready, please come and have it.
Your tea is served, enjoy!
Your tea is the perfect companion for a rainy day.
Your tea is too hot, be careful.
Your tea set is exquisite, where did you get it?
Your tea tastes great, you should try it.
Your tea was cold.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it soon.
Your tea will get cold if you don’t drink it now.
Your tea's getting cold.
Your tea's in the oven.
Your teacher asked you about what?
Your teacher called me.
Your teacher complains that you don't participate in class as much as you could if you wanted to.
Your teacher didn't teach you anything.
Your teacher has obviously no manners.
Your teacher speaks very highly of you.
Your teacher won't be pleased.
Your teacher won’t be pleased.
Your teacher, Professor Eleazar Fig, dies at the end of Hogwarts Legacy. This happens in all possible endings and can't be changed. Oh, and Rookwood is the one who cursed Anne.
Your teachers always speak well of your work.
Your teachers are totally harsh.
Your teachers have always said that you were smart.
Your team doesn't have a prayer to win the championship game.
Your team doesn’t have a prayer to win the championship game.
Your team is better than ours.
Your team is probably stronger than our team.
Your team is stronger than ours.
Your team is very good, but theirs is the best.
Your team not doing well? Pick a different team.
Your team won.
Your tears tear my heart!
Your technical knowledge is valuable.
Your technical manager arranged a meeting for 1:00 p.m. on April 6, but how about April 7, at 10:00 a.m.?
Your technique is impressive.
Your technique is interesting.
Your teeth are all right.
Your teeth are all yellow. You should clean them better.
Your teeth are healthy.
Your teeth are like a flock of shorn sheep, fresh from the wash: each with its own pair, without any loss.
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
Your telephone's ringing, Tom.
Your telephone's ringing.
Your television is blue.
Your television shows sound inorganic.
Your temper is quick, but the way you speak is terrible.
Your temperature's a bit high.
Your temperature's a little high.
Your temperature's normal.
Your tenancy is being terminated.
Your test came back positive.
Your test papers must be handed in by Monday.
Your test was a piece of cake.
Your test was unbelievably easy.
Your textbook is on the floor.
Your theory does not hold up.
Your theory has no scientific basis.
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
Your theory is crazy, but it’s not crazy enough to be true.
Your theory is laughable.
Your theory is ridiculous.
Your theory is wrong.
Your theory sucks.
Your thermostat is set too high.
Your thesis is absurd.
Your thighs must feel it when you ride.
Your thighs must notice when you're riding.
Your things are all here.
Your things are in one of those boxes over there.
Your thinking about my book is an infringement on my copyright.
Your thirty minutes are almost up.
Your thirty minutes are up.
Your thought patterns are being read.
Your thoughts I made mine.
Your thoughts are free.
Your thoughts are of no significance at all.
Your thoughts are often unconventional.
Your thoughts betray you.
Your thoughts shimmer with philosophical depth. You're circling profound ideas—Buddhism's Māyā and Gnostic dualism—both casting doubt on the reality or benevolence of the world. To the Buddhist, Māyā veils ultimate truth, a grand illusion even if not malevolent, while to the Gnostic, the material world is a prison crafted by a flawed demiurge, with hidden knowledge as the key to liberation.
Your threats don't frighten me.
Your threats don't frighten us.
Your threats don't intimidate me.
Your threats don't scare me at all.
Your threats don't scare us at all.
Your threats don't scare us.
Your threats have no effect on me.
Your throw is better than mine.
Your thug friend tried to steal the bracelet.
Your thumb is covering the number.
Your thyroid-stimulating hormone was high again.
Your ticket is valid for zones one to four only.
Your ticket please.
Your ticket, please.
Your tie blends well with your suit.
Your tie goes well with your suit.
Your tie has a stain on it.
Your tie has come undone.
Your tie is crooked.
Your tie is too long.
Your tie isn't tied properly.
Your tie looks good.
Your tights are grey.
Your tights have got a ladder.
Your time has arrived!
Your time has come.
Your time has passed.
Your time is almost up.
Your time is going to come.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Your time is limited.
Your time is over now.
Your time is over.
Your time is running out.
Your time is up.
Your time is your own.
Your time on Earth is now up, you must go now.
Your time will come soon.
Your time will come soon. So, cheer up.
Your time will come.
Your time won't be wasted.
Your time's almost up.
Your time's up.
Your timing couldn't be better.
Your timing couldn't have been better.
Your timing couldn't have been worse.
Your timing is perfect.
Your timing really sucks.
Your timing was excellent.
Your timing's perfect.
Your tire is flat.
Your tiredness disappeared?
Your tireless efforts deserve thanks.
Your tires are completely worn out.
Your tires are filthy.
Your tires are worn out.
Your toes are frostbitten.
Your tone shocks me.
Your tongue is faster than your brain.
Your tooth must be extracted.
Your top button is undone.
Your top does not provide enough midriff coverage, young lady.
Your touch has the gentleness of a poem.
Your touch ignites a fire within me, a passion that burns brighter than anything I've ever known. I can't survive without your touch.
Your towel has faded in the sun.
Your towel is so old it's lost all its colour.
Your towel is so old that it has lost all its colour.
Your tracking number is: 111222333.
Your train already left.
Your train goes from platform 10.
Your train is in an hour.
Your train is on track number three.
Your train leaves from Platform 10.
Your train leaves from Platform 3.
Your train left a long time ago.
Your trainers are dirty. Take them off before you come in.
Your transformation couldn't have taken place overnight.
Your trap didn't work.
Your tricks don't work on me.
Your trip to Australia must've been a lot of fun.
Your tripod is in my office.
Your triumphs will never go unchallenged by me.
Your troubles are just beginning.
Your troubles are not the ones that will find a solution.
Your troubles don't bother me at all.
Your trousers are dirty.
Your trousers are too tight.
Your trousers are unzipped.
Your truck is a lot bigger than mine.
Your true friends will never let you down.
Your trust and dedication have been instrumental in positioning Brac Bank where it stands today.
Your truth is not my truth.
Your tummy's growling.
Your turn to split!
Your turn will come.
Your turn, go ahead.
Your turn.
Your twisted mentality convinces you that I cheat on you with anyone.
Your two breasts are like two fawns, twins of a gazelle, which graze among the lilies.
Your tyres are a bit on the soft side.
Your tyres are a bit soft. I'll pump them up for you.
Your tyres are completely worn out.
Your tyres are worn.
Your tyres could do with some more air.
Your tyres have had it.
Your tyres look worn.
Your umbrella is over there.
Your umbrella was so similar to my own.
Your uncle and I have known each other for many years.
Your uncle gives your aunt a haircut.
Your uncle is harvesting a mass of berries from the bushes.
Your uncle is pretty attractive for a man his age, and I'm sure at the senior center he's a babe magnet!
Your uncle let you drive his car?
Your uncle perished by the sword; you will perish by water; and your Mary by fire!
Your uncle took these pictures, didn't he?
Your uncle took these pictures, didn’t he?
Your uncle was harvesting jabuticaba fruits.
Your uncle will take care of everything.
Your uncle, a journalist, used to write for the Folha.
Your undaunted spirit will carry you through.
Your unwavering affection blinds you to the reality that lies beneath her charming facade.
Your updates are the best!
Your upper back is really tight.
Your vagina is not going to shrivel up like a prune.
Your vaginal walls may thin a bit.
Your vaulting ambitions are clouding your judgment.
Your vegetable patch is a mess.
Your veins contain water.
Your version sounds much better than mine.
Your victory is yours, your defeat is mine.
Your video chat app isn't fast enough, because it uses TCP.
Your view is too optimistic.
Your view of existence is different from mine.
Your view of me is different from how I see myself.
Your view of reality is too materialistic.
Your viewpoint may challenge the status quo.
Your viewpoints are less old-fashioned than unscrupulous.
Your views are quite opposite to mine.
Your views aren't unfashionable so much as unconscionable.
Your views on politics are too narrow-minded.
Your visa is about to expire.
Your visit has cheered him.
Your visit makes me very happy.
Your vocabulary is good.
Your vocabulary is too limited.
Your vocabulary is too small.
Your voice calms me down.
Your voice carries well.
Your voice carries. You call Tom.
Your voice gives me a headache.
Your voice is a voice from the days that are gone, and the old tongue comes back to me, with the sound of the piper on the hill and the harper in the hall, with the sough of the summer wind in the fir trees, and the lash of the waves on the rocks.
Your voice is coming back.
Your voice is funny. What's happened?
Your voice is like music to my ears.
Your voice is raspy. Why?
Your voice is so quiet. I can't hear you at all.
Your voice is strange. Has something happened?
Your voice is strange. What's wrong?
Your voice is sweeter to me than even the song of young birds.
Your voice is too loud.
Your voice is uncertain.
Your voice isn't bad.
Your voice made me cry.
Your voice makes me feel like you are a professional voice artist.
Your voice makes my ears bleed!
Your voice matters.
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.
Your voice reminds me of your mother.
Your voice soothes me.
Your voice sounds a bit like Tom's.
Your voice sounds awful.
Your voice sounds different than usual. Are you sick?
Your voice sounds different today.
Your voice sounds familiar.
Your voice sounds odd. What's wrong?
Your voice sounds sexiest in the morning.
Your voice sounds strange. Has something happened?
Your voice sounds very familiar to me.
Your voices sound good together.
Your voices sound similar.
Your vote matters.
Your waistcoat is inside out. Put it on the right way round.
Your waiter will be right with you.
Your wallet is full of receipts.
Your wallet is in the outside pocket of your bookbag.
Your wallet is on the dining room table.
Your wallet is on the floor.
Your wallet is on the table.
Your wallet is on the television set.
Your wanting to be American and speak American is so 1950's.
Your washing machine can last longer if you use it carefully.
Your watch gains time.
Your watch has been found.
Your watch is a similar shape and colour to mine.
Your watch is beyond repair.
Your watch is digital.
Your watch is five minutes slow.
Your watch is here.
Your watch is more expensive than mine.
Your watch is on the desk.
Your watch is similar to mine in shape and color.
Your watch is superior in quality to mine.
Your watch is ten minutes slow.
Your watch is three minutes slow.
Your watch is two minutes fast.
Your watch looks very expensive.
Your watch seems to be very valuable.
Your way of doing that is much better than Tom's.
Your way of doing things will have an effect on your future.
Your way of getting the bed undone every single time is getting so frustratingly annoying.
Your way of looking at criticism and self-criticism is not right.
Your way of looking at something depends on your situation.
Your way of speaking irritates me.
Your way of thinking and mine are completely different.
Your way of thinking intrigues me.
Your way of thinking is confusing.
Your way of thinking is quite distinct from mine.
Your way of thinking is strange to me.
Your way of thinking is truly western.
Your weaknesses are also your strengths.
Your weapon's durability is very low. You should get it fixed before it breaks.
Your website doesn't say it's out of stock.
Your website looks good.
Your website says it's in stock.
Your website says it's out of stock.
Your website says you have two of them in stock.
Your website's homepage is very beautiful.
Your wedding is going to be fabulous and unforgettable.
Your week getting off to a good start?
Your well-being isn't receiving attention.
Your well-being starts with cleanliness.
Your wheels are out of alignment. You need to take the car in for service.
Your whole life is a complete disaster.
Your whole life is before you.
Your whole life is ruled by some kind of destiny.
Your wife called and she wants you to get a pizza on the way home.
Your wife called.
Your wife comes from California.
Your wife has seen the need to look for work.
Your wife has spotted you and she's coming over.
Your wife is a better cook than mine.
Your wife is a very lucky woman.
Your wife is a very talented woman.
Your wife is calling.
Your wife is cheating on you.
Your wife is going to ask you for a divorce.
Your wife is here.
Your wife is in here.
Your wife is in your office.
Your wife is mad at you.
Your wife is on the phone.
Your wife is on the phone. She wants to talk to you.
Your wife is still here.
Your wife is very lucky.
Your wife is very polite.
Your wife isn't crazy.
Your wife isn't unfaithful.
Your wife left.
Your wife may be more understanding than you think.
Your wife must be very happy.
Your wife needs you like now.
Your wife ought to tell you all about it.
Your wife saw me and told you?
Your wife says some strange things.
Your wife teaches me Italian.
Your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
Your wife wouldn't be happy if she found out about this, would she?
Your wife's on the phone.
Your wife's on the phone. She says it's urgent.
Your wife? I didn't know you were married.
Your will be done on Earth as in Heaven.
Your will be done.
Your will is unimportant in love. We don't choose who we love.
Your willful disobedience is what got you here.
Your window is cracked, you should get it fixed.
Your window is the perfect spot for a potted plant.
Your window needs a new set of blinds.
Your window overlooks a beautiful garden.
Your windows are really dirty.
Your windscreen is dirty.
Your windscreen is icy.
Your windshield has a really long crack.
Your windshield is all cracked.
Your windshield is dirty.
Your windshield wipers need to be replaced.
Your wing mirrors are filthy!
Your wisdom and guidance have been invaluable."’Fox’s wedding’." 
"Er ...?" "Today, with an 81 percent likelihood, it will be clear skies but, depending on location, there will be sun showers."
Your wise judgment has consistently led to successful outcomes, and I have full trust in it.
Your wish has come true.
Your wish is a command for me.
Your wish is easily fulfilled.
Your wish is easy to fulfil.
Your wish is easy to fulfill.
Your wish is granted.
Your wish is my command!
Your wish is my command.
Your wish may come true.
Your wish might come true.
Your wish might just come true.
Your wish will come true in the near future.
Your wishes are my commands.
Your wishes may come true.
Your women may not be strong, unlike my own countrywomen.
Your wonderful lecture was pearls before swine.
Your word doesn't mean anything.
Your word is still working.
Your word is sufficient.
Your word is worth nothing.
Your words are as good as violence.
Your words are at odds with your actions.
Your words are gold to me.
Your words are supposed to correspond to your actions, but that is not easy to put into practice.
Your words are very important.
Your words caused me pain.
Your words did not upset me at all.
Your words don't change how I feel.
Your words don't match your actions.
Your words don't scare me.
Your words feel empty and insincere.
Your words have freed me from every doubt.
Your words have given me food for thought.
Your words have given me pause.
Your words have made me reconsider.
Your words have to correspond with your actions.
Your words have torn my heart apart.
Your words hurt me.
Your words made him feel much better.
Your words made me cry.
Your words make me fear for my life.
Your words make me feel bad.
Your words make me happy.
Your words make me strong.
Your words must correspond with your actions.
Your words of encouragement meant a lot to me.
Your words of wisdom guided me through my toughest times.
Your words provoked his anger.
Your words really hurt me.
Your words split my heart in twain.
Your words totally changed my life.
Your words touched my heart!
Your words touched my heart.
Your words warm my heart.
Your words wound painfully.
Your words wounded me.
Your work comes short of the expected standard.
Your work consists of true facts and new discoveries. The problem is that what is true is not new, and what is new is not true.
Your work didn't come up to our expectations.
Your work didn’t come up to our expectations.
Your work ethic motivates me; I want to adopt your dedication.
Your work has greatly improved.
Your work is below average.
Your work is done.
Your work is fantastic.
Your work is far from being satisfactory.
Your work is making watches.
Your work is not altogether satisfactory.
Your work is not as difficult as mine.
Your work is of great interest to me.
Your work is poorly organized.
Your work is sloppy.
Your work is very good.
Your work isn't as difficult as mine.
Your work wasn't good enough.
Your work with these specimens was impressive.
Your workplace is toxic.
Your workspace is a mess.
Your worm is your only emperor for diet. We fat all creatures else to fat us, and we fat ourselves for maggots. Your fat king and your lean beggar is but variable service—two dishes, but to one table. That's the end.
Your wristwatch is on the table.
Your writing has no errors.
Your writing is boring.
Your writing is good except for a few mistakes.
Your writing is horrible.
Your writing is illegible.
Your writing is very illegible.
Your wrongdoing is a disgrace to our school.
Your wry insolence will not be rewarded.
Your year-long stay in Germany was very beneficial, wasn't it?
Your yelling and howling is called a psychosis. I ask, I beg you to see a therapist before you get institutionalized.
Your yellow blouse shines like the sun.
Your younger sister is very beautiful.
Your youngest son is planning to become a doctor, correct?
Your zip is undone.
Your zip won't stay closed!
Your zipper is open.
Your zipper's open.
Yours always, Mary.
Yours are better.
Yours are even worse.
Yours are no better than mine.
Yours are not bad, either.
Yours aren't bad, either.
Yours is a blue bag, isn't it?
Yours is a very strange story.
Yours is better than that one, isn't it?
Yours is better.
Yours is bigger than mine.
Yours is even worse.
Yours is good and his is also good.
Yours is good, and his is also good.
Yours is here.
Yours is larger than mine.
Yours is no worse.
Yours is not bad, either.
Yours is over there.
Yours is the best.
Yours is there on the other side.
Yours is worse.
Yours isn't bad, either.
Yours seems better than mine.
Yours truly.
Yours was better than mine.
Yours was better.
Yours, affectionately.
Yours?
Youth adapt to things more quickly than the elderly.
Youth alcohol consumption has increased.
Youth comes but once in life.
Youth goes away and never comes back.
Youth has its advantages.
Youth has its own culture.
Youth hostels are a reasonably priced alternative to hotels.
Youth is a defect that corrects itself daily.
Youth is a dream, and old age is a nightmare.
Youth is a wonderful time!
Youth is all in the heart.
Youth is always right. Those who follow the counsels of youth are wise.
Youth is an asset.
Youth is beautiful with its love.
Youth is like the wind.
Youth is short.
Youth is strong and can withstand a beating. Old age, however, requires to be well cared for.
Youth is such a priceless commodity that it is a shame to waste it on children.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
Youth is the springtime of life, but there are also springtimes that are rained out.
Youth is wasted on the young.
Youth is wholly experimental.
Youth must have its fling.
Youth protests are taking place in some African countries.
Youth runs away and never comes back.
Youth runs away to never come back.
Youth sees too far to see how near it is to seeing farther.
Youth should be more involved in politics.
Youth will always rebel against the mindless machinations of social institutions.
Youth, which is forgiven everything, forgives itself nothing: age, which forgives itself everything, is forgiven nothing.
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel, and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back.
Youtube has recently gotten a Freedom of Expression Award, and the main sponsor of the ceremony is YouTube! How selfish is that?
Youtube is a great place to find songs with the lyrics in the video.
You’d be able to do the puzzle if only you had a little bit more patience.
You’d be amazed how few students finished their homework.
You’d be amazed how long it takes Tom to get ready in the morning.
You’d be amazed how long it takes to get a driver’s license.
You’d be amazed how many apples you can buy for two hundred dollars.
You’d be amazed how many times I’ve told Tom not to do that.
You’d be amazed how much beer Tom drinks when he goes out.
You’d be amazed how much time Tom spends playing games.
You’d be amazed how often I’ve seen Tom and Mary hanging out together.
You’d be amazed how often Tom doesn’t do his homework.
You’d be better off without me.
You’d be surprised how much mess 50 people in a large research station can create. Here at the South Pole, where it takes six months for the sun to rise, it only takes two days for a 30 gallon (113 liter) trashcan in the bathroom to be stuffed to the brim and overflowing with used paper towels. Hallway floors turn from bright white to off white in a little less than a week. Dust accumulates, in every corner, on every surface—the collective residue of the station residents’ epidermis, aggravated by dry air, frigid temperatures, and lackluster use of moisturizing lotions.
You’d be surprised what you can learn in a week.
You’d better ask Dr. Tanaka.
You’d better avoid discussion of religion and politics.
You’d better back off.
You’d better be careful about going to her house.
You’d better be careful not to catch cold.
You’d better be careful what you say.
You’d better believe it.
You’d better believe.
You’d better break off smoking.
You’d better call the doctor.
You’d better check these points.
You’d better consult an attorney beforehand.
You’d better consult the doctor.
You’d better consult your doctor.
You’d better eat everything that’s on your plate.
You’d better examine the contract carefully before signing.
You’d better fight off sleep.
You’d better get going in case you miss the bus.
You’d better get your stuff together now because we’re leaving in ten minutes.
You’d better give up smoking.
You’d better go back home now.
You’d better go by bus.
You’d better go home as soon as possible.
You’d better go home at once.
You’d better go home now.
You’d better go home.
You’d better go in person.
You’d better go there on foot.
You’d better go to bed at once.
You’d better go to see your family doctor at once.
You’d better go.
You’d better go. It’s getting late.
You’d better have your hair cut at once.
You’d better hold your tongue.
You’d better hurry up if you want to get home before dark.
You’d better hurry up.
You’d better hurry.
You’d better knuckle down to work.
You’d better leave at once so that you don’t miss the bus.
You’d better leave him to do as he likes.
You’d better leave now.
You’d better leave off such a radical idea.
You’d better make sure that it is true.
You’d better not argue with Tom.
You’d better not count on a raise.
You’d better not do it.
You’d better not drink the tap water.
You’d better not drink too much coffee so late at night.
You’d better not eat that cake!
You’d better not go out in this cold weather.
You’d better not go out today.
You’d better not go out.
You’d better not go there.
You’d better not go to school tomorrow.
You’d better not go today.
You’d better not go.
You’d better not have driven my car.
You’d better not have drunk all the milk.
You’d better not have eaten the cake.
You’d better not have gone out with my girlfriend.
You’d better not keep company with him.
You’d better not make light of him.
You’d better not speak.
You’d better not swim if you’ve just eaten.
You’d better not talk back to Tom.
You’d better not tell Tom about what Mary did yesterday.
You’d better not tell Tom.
You’d better not tell him.
You’d better not wait here.
You’d better put aside some money for a rainy day.
You’d better put your cigarette out before Terry sees it.
You’d better really love her; people are unchangeable.
You’d better relax a bit.
You’d better remember that tipping is necessary in the USA.
You’d better revise history for the exam.
You’d better see a dentist at once.
You’d better see a doctor and get a shot.
You’d better send for a doctor.
You’d better set off at once.
You’d better shut the door.
You’d better sit down, I suppose.
You’d better sober up before the boss gets back.
You’d better start as soon as possible.
You’d better start considering doing your project work by yourself!
You’d better start now.
You’d better stay at home rather than go out on such a day.
You’d better stay in bed for a few days.
You’d better stay on your guard.
You’d better study for the sake of your future.
You’d better take an umbrella.
You’d better take his words with a grain of salt.
You’d better take your umbrella, just in case it rains.
You’d better try to assert yourself more.
You’d better wait for the next bus.
You’d better watch what you say.
You’d better wear a sweater under your jacket.
You’d have so much more success with women if you’d quit trying to be someone you’re not and just let yourself be charmingly awkward.
You’d not have been in the rush hour if you had left home earlier.
You’d tell me if there was a problem, right?
You’ll all get used to the cold climate in no time.
You’ll always have a roof over your head.
You’ll be OK.
You’ll be a good player soon.
You’ll be able to drive a car in a few days.
You’ll be able to see the difference very easily.
You’ll be able to see the differences very easily.
You’ll be able to speak English better if you practice hard.
You’ll be able to take many pictures with your new camera.
You’ll be all right again in a couple of days.
You’ll be busy tomorrow, won’t you?
You’ll be crying before long.
You’ll be dead someday.
You’ll be fine!
You’ll be given the report when it is written.
You’ll be hearing from us soon.
You’ll be in charge of the girls working in this factory.
You’ll be in charge of the women working in this factory.
You’ll be in time for the train if you start at once.
You’ll be killed!
You’ll be missed by your friends.
You’ll be my son-in-law.
You’ll be paid according to the amount of work you do.
You’ll be punished if you break the law.
You’ll be scolded when your mother comes home.
You’ll be sorry!
You’ll be there in plenty of time.
You’ll be told in advance.
You’ll break your neck!
You’ll burn your hands if you don’t use a potholder or oven mitts!
You’ll catch a cold.
You’ll catch cold in such thin clothing.
You’ll catch it from Mummy.
You’ll catch the bus if you hurry.
You’ll certainly pass the coming exam.
You’ll come to like her.
You’ll do it today right?
You’ll fall!
You’ll fatten up if you eat that much.
You’ll feel better if you drink this medicine.
You’ll feel better if you take these pills.
You’ll feel better.
You’ll find both of the books interesting.
You’ll find domestic articles on the third floor.
You’ll find it difficult to meet her.
You’ll find it impossible to live there.
You’ll find it your advantage to know a foreign language.
You’ll find our house at the end of the next street.
You’ll find our office on the first floor.
You’ll find some difficulty carrying out the plan.
You’ll find that book in the historical section of the library.
You’ll find the book in the library.
You’ll find the house empty.
You’ll find the shop around the corner.
You’ll find the shop between a bank and a school.
You’ll find the way all right once you get to the station.
You’ll find this book very interesting.
You’ll find this map very useful.
You’ll find yourself in deep water if you continue to live beyond your means.
You’ll forget about me someday.
You’ll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof.
You’ll get a lot of presents on your birthday.
You’ll get a reward for your cooperation.
You’ll get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant.
You’ll get brownie points if you respond quickly.
You’ll get into trouble if you spend time with him.
You’ll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
You’ll get into trouble if your parents find out.
You’ll get into trouble.
You’ll get it someday.
You’ll get lost.
You’ll get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college.
You’ll get the plane all right if you leave at once.
You’ll get there by three o’clock.
You’ll get there in less than ten minutes.
You’ll get there in time, so long as you don’t miss the train.
You’ll get there on time if you make the train.
You’ll get used to it in no time.
You’ll get used to it soon.
You’ll get used to it.
You’ll get used to living here in no time.
You’ll get well soon.
You’ll go to school tomorrow.
You’ll have a hard time.
You’ll have bleeding for a few hours.
You’ll have it in June? ’June bride’ has a nice ring, doesn’t it?
You’ll have some difficulty in carrying out the plan.
You’ll have this composition written by noon tomorrow, won’t you?
You’ll have to answer for your behavior.
You’ll have to ask at the newsstand.
You’ll have to ask somebody else.
You’ll have to ask someone else.
You’ll have to attend the ceremony whether you are free or busy.
You’ll have to come back in a while: the man dealing with that business has just gone out.
You’ll have to come tomorrow.
You’ll have to do it, whether you like it or not.
You’ll have to get a move on if you want to catch the train.
You’ll have to get off at the bank and take the A52.
You’ll have to get off at the next station.
You’ll have to get up early tomorrow morning.
You’ll have to manufacture some kind of excuse.
You’ll have to modify the height of the table to make it fit.
You’ll have to pay a damn sight more than that for it.
You’ll have to play it by ear at the interview.
You’ll have to proportion your expenditure to your income.
You’ll have to start at once.
You’ll have to study harder from now on.
You’ll have to study harder next year.
You’ll have to summarize it for me.
You’ll have to take his place in case he can’t come.
You’ll have to try the store across the street.
You’ll have to turn over a new leaf.
You’ll have to visit me regularly for a while.
You’ll have to wait and see.
You’ll have to wait not less than an hour to get a ticket.
You’ll have to wait.
You’ll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
You’ll learn how to do it sooner or later.
You’ll learn in time that a stitch in time saves nine.
You’ll leave with bags full of clothes.
You’ll like him once you’ve had a chance to talk to him.
You’ll make a fortune by taking a chance.
You’ll make the same mistake if things continue in this way.
You’ll miss the train if you don’t hurry.
You’ll miss the train.
You’ll need a special tool to do it.
You’ll need a temporary bridge.
You’ll need a ticket to travel by bus.
You’ll need an Allen key to open it.
You’ll need to find cheaper, alternative ingredients even though you’re basing your recipe on your grandmother’s.
You’ll need to re-run the action.
You’ll never achieve anything if you don’t study harder.
You’ll never be alone.
You’ll never find the way back home, through narrow streets of cobblestone.
You’ll never finish translating sentences on Tatoeba.
You’ll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels.
You’ll never know unless you try.
You’ll never take me alive!
You’ll never too careful crossing a street.
You’ll only be able to buy it there.
You’ll quickly get used to the cold climate.
You’ll read it another day.
You’ll regret having said those words.
You’ll regret that!
You’ll save yourself a lot of time if you take the car.
You’ll see a lot of high mountains through the window.
You’ll see it for yourself.
You’ll see the bank on the left hand side of the hospital.
You’ll see the difference.
You’ll see the signs.
You’ll see the store on your left.
You’ll see two buildings right opposite the museum, and the restaurant is in the taller of the two.
You’ll see.
You’ll sleep in the guestroom.
You’ll sleep in the guestroom?
You’ll soon be able to swim.
You’ll soon come to enjoy the food and drink here.
You’ll soon get accustomed to the work.
You’ll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
You’ll soon get accustomed to your new college life.
You’ll soon get used to driving on the right.
You’ll soon get used to eating Japanese food.
You’ll soon get used to living in the country.
You’ll soon get used to speaking in public.
You’ll soon get used to the climate here.
You’ll strain your eyes trying to read in this light.
You’ll succeed if you try.
You’ll take this to the post office, won’t you?
You’ll understand how terrible this accident was when you read the article.
You’ll understand once you come of age.
You’ll use the computer for studying, and not for playing games.
You’ll want for nothing while I am alive.
You’ll write a sentence in German.
You’re Daisho? Up till now you’ve really lorded it over us haven’t you?
You’re Germans, aren’t you?
You’re Tom’s friend, aren’t you?
You’re a beast! You haven’t even missed one question!
You’re a beastly person!
You’re a bookworm.
You’re a complete misanthrope.
You’re a daring man!
You’re a dobber!
You’re a fool!
You’re a friend of Tom’s, aren’t you?
You’re a friend of Tom’s, eh?
You’re a gentleman and a scholar, my friend.
You’re a good actor, pretending you were late because you don’t feel well.
You’re a grass!
You’re a human.
You’re a jerk.
You’re a laughing stock!
You’re a life saver.
You’re a lifesaver!
You’re a magician with a needle and thread.
You’re a month behind in your rent.
You’re a month behind with your rent.
You’re a murderer.
You’re a new student?
You’re a penny-pincher.
You’re a person.
You’re a philosopher, aren’t you?
You’re a racist.
You’re a real gem!
You’re a really good cook.
You’re a really good guitarist.
You’re a reporter.
You’re a right little rascal!
You’re a shining example to us all.
You’re a show-off.
You’re a sicko!
You’re a star!
You’re a troublesome person!
You’re a true blessing!
You’re a true friend!
You’re a valuable asset to us, and I will give you the opportunity to prove yourself.
You’re a very good dancer.
You’re a very good guitarist.
You’re a very interesting person.
You’re a waste of breath!
You’re a wonderful guy.
You’re about right.
You’re absolutely right!
You’re absolutely right.
You’re afraid of him.
You’re all chickenshits.
You’re all cowards.
You’re all fired up about seeing him, I can tell.
You’re all talk and no action!
You’re almost right.
You’re already useless.
You’re always anticipating trouble.
You’re always complaining!
You’re always criticizing me!
You’re always disagreeing with your boss.
You’re always finding fault with me.
You’re always lying- that’s why people don’t take you seriously. You get what you deserve.
You’re always singing.
You’re always there for me, so if you’re ever in dire straits, just let me know and I’ll come running.
You’re amazing!
You’re an altruist.
You’re an angel!
You’re an arrogant dirty foreigner who claims your dictionary is correct even though you don’t understand the nuances of Japanese.
You’re an idiot.
You’re an invaluable asset to the team.
You’re an overly optimistic girl.
You’re annoying me.
You’re asking for too much.
You’re asking the wrong person.
You’re awesome!
You’re back late. What have you been up to?
You’re barking up the wrong tree.
You’re basically foregoing massive amounts of votes.
You’re beautiful and intelligent, how is it possible that no man is chasing after you?
You’re beautiful.
You’re being bossy, aren’t you?
You’re better able to do it than I am.
You’re better off not getting in his way!
You’re bleeding everywhere; I’ll help you up.
You’re blocking my light.
You’re both of age.
You’re bound to feel that way at first, I guess.
You’re bound to recognize her by her voice.
You’re buff!
You’re by my side; everything’s fine now.
You’re carrying this too far.
You’re certainly looking fit as a fiddle today.
You’re coming with us now.
You’re comparing apples and oranges!
You’re comparing chalk and cheese!
You’re completely right!
You’re completely right.
You’re complicated.
You’re considerate, but don’t you think you should work a little more at understanding the subtleties of the human mind?
You’re covering the same ground. We already talked about this.
You’re crazy if you think he’s on the up-and-up. The only reason you can say that is because you don’t know what he’s doing behind the scenes.
You’re crazy to buy such an expensive bike.
You’re crazy!
You’re dating a Keio student, aren’t you?
You’re dating a Keio university student, aren’t you?
You’re delusional. Go to bed!
You’re disgusting!
You’re doing good work there.
You’re driving like a maniac!
You’re driving slowly.
You’re driving too fast.
You’re either with us or against us.
You’re enjoying yourself.
You’re entitled to come back to the job you had before you went on parental leave, even if someone else has been working in your role as a replacement.
You’re expected to hail it as a triumph.
You’re faking it.
You’re fired! Because we don't need any amateurs who've never read Orwell.
You’re fired.
You’re forever making mistakes.
You’re from another planet, aren’t you?
You’re frustrated about your job.
You’re fucking with me.
You’re giving me the same old line.
You’re going about it in the wrong way.
You’re going in the wrong direction.
You’re going into orbit, you stupid mutt.
You’re going out with a Keio student, aren’t you?
You’re going the wrong way.
You’re going to a movie?
You’re going to be my son-in-law.
You’re going to catch hell from your wife if she finds out.
You’re going to fall and sprain your ankle wearing sandals with such huge platforms.
You’re going to get much publicity with this book.
You’re going to have to deal with that.
You’re going to leave for London next Sunday, aren’t you?
You’re going to teach me? That’s laughable!
You’re going to turn a lot of heads with that dress.
You’re going too far.
You’re going with us.
You’re going?
You’re good with women.
You’re grown up now.
You’re happy-go-lucky.
You’re hard to clean up after!
You’re having so much fun doing what you are that you can’t see what’s going on around you.
You’re hitting your stride.
You’re holding my hand in the photo.
You’re holding the Toki Pona book!
You’re home early, aren’t you?
You’re ill with flu.
You’re in Europe!
You’re in a good mood today. Did something nice happen?
You’re in better shape than I am.
You’re in danger of becoming a good man.
You’re in luck because the boss is in.
You’re in luck.
You’re in luck. The plane is on time.
You’re in my way!
You’re in my way.
You’re in perky form, aren’t you?
You’re in trouble if you ate that cake!
You’re incredible!
You’re interested in a career in foreign relations, aren’t you?
You’re intoxicated; it’s not a good idea to drive.
You’re irresistible.
You’re joking!
You’re joking, aren’t you?
You’re just a student.
You’re just an underling. Know your place!
You’re just being diplomatic.
You’re just on time.
You’re just running away from life’s problems.
You’re just seeking to embellish all this!
You’re just the kind of person I imagined you’d be.
You’re just using me for sex.
You’re kidding!
You’re late! Sheesh, dilly-dally dilly-dally ...
You’re lightly dressed.
You’re like a communist in the summertime. You’ve got no class.
You’re lit up like a Christmas tree.
You’re looking at that tree.
You’re looking good!
You’re looking snappy today.
You’re looking very well.
You’re lucky because he didn’t bite you.
You’re lying, aren’t you?
You’re making an issue out of nothing.
You’re making yourself appear cheap.
You’re mistaken. He plays bass, not trombone.
You’re much less likely to get a good position if you don’t speak English.
You’re my best friend.
You’re my good omen.
You’re my princess.
You’re my type.
You’re never fully dressed, until you put up a smile.
You’re never going to give in, are you?
You’re never satisfied!
You’re never too old to learn.
You’re new, huh?
You’re no match for him.
You’re not American, are you?
You’re not American?
You’re not a child anymore.
You’re not a doctor.
You’re not a serious mathematician unless you crumple up a piece of paper in frustration every twenty minutes, look off into space, and appear to be questioning your very existence.
You’re not able to swim?
You’re not allowed to carry food into the library.
You’re not allowed to drink wine.
You’re not allowed to smoke in this room.
You’re not an expert at this job any more than I am.
You’re not avoiding me?
You’re not blind, are you?
You’re not crying?
You’re not eating lunch?
You’re not entirely to blame; just then I was listening to music all along, and wasn’t paying attention.
You’re not even phased, you must have known all along!
You’re not excused from the table.
You’re not fast enough.
You’re not fit to be seen.
You’re not going there on business, are you?
You’re not going there on business?
You’re not going to get electrocuted just by directly touching a 1.5V battery.
You’re not gonna die, eh?
You’re not here, so I’m really sad.
You’re not his son, are you?
You’re not just peddling stuff!
You’re not looking at the whole picture.
You’re not much of a hero if you don’t know how to make a good entrance.
You’re not old enough to get a driver’s license.
You’re not real, no, you’re not real!
You’re not responsible for what happened.
You’re not sad?
You’re not satisfied, are you?
You’re not serious?
You’re not sleepy?
You’re not staying are you?
You’re not supposed to wear your slippers down to the lobby.
You’re not telling me?
You’re not the one who died.
You’re not threatening to kill me?
You’re not wanting to sleep?
You’re off in your reckoning.
You’re off the hook this time.
You’re off your trolley!
You’re officially on leave until further notice.
You’re old enough to know better.
You’re old enough to understand.
You’re on the path of success.
You’re on the right track.
You’re one narrow minded individual.
You’re one of them too, aren’t you?!
You’re only exacerbating the situation.
You’re only foolin’ round.
You’re only young once.
You’re only young once. Be a man and take on the world.
You’re out of it.
You’re out of order in talking back to her in the first place.
You’re over-the-top in everything you do.
You’re overly reliant on people. You’ll never make it in the world that way.
You’re overworked.
You’re perfectly right.
You’re playing with fire if you insist on riding your motorcycle without a helmet on.
You’re pretty calm cool and collected for somebody who has a major presentation tomorrow.
You’re pretty good with the lay of the land.
You’re pretty late to have just gone shopping. Have you been making out someplace?
You’re pretty.
You’re probably as very talented as I am!
You’re probably going to think this is a joke, but I was a punk rocker when I was a kid.
You’re probably looking for the Go button rather than the Save button.
You’re probably tired after such a long flight.
You’re putting words in my mouth.
You’re quite right.
You’re quite smart.
You’re really a good cook.
You’re really a good driver.
You’re really a good photographer.
You’re really a good singer.
You’re really a hard worker.
You’re really a number-one fool.
You’re really absent-minded.
You’re really brave, aren’t you?
You’re really going to fall!
You’re really handy, aren’t you? Don’t you think you’d make a good house-husband?
You’re really loathsome!
You’re really not stupid.
You’re really revolting!
You’re really something.
You’re really starting to try my patience Jimmy!
You’re really the best when, and only when, it comes to angering people.
You’re really too kind.
You’re really wonderful.
You’re required to help them.
You’re respected by everybody.
You’re right about that. I wonder if they are going to understand you.
You’re right in a sense.
You’re right when you say how high the wall is; I was nervous at first, too.
You’re right, it fits.
You’re right.
You’re right. I have half a mind to do something myself.
You’re right. The noodle broth here is a bit expensive.
You’re running a big risk in trusting him.
You’re seriously starting to get on my nerves! I’m perfectly capable of doing it myself, thank you very much!
You’re sick!
You’re sick. You have to rest.
You’re slower than a villain’s horse.
You’re so arrogant.
You’re so beautiful!
You’re so conceited.
You’re so good at writing. I’m terrible.
You’re so impatient with me.
You’re so much better than me at playing the guitar.
You’re so predictable.
You’re so set in your ways!
You’re speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
You’re speaking like Eco.
You’re speaking my language.
You’re spending less and less time with the children.
You’re starting to get on my tits.
You’re starting to piss me off.
You’re starting to warm up now.
You’re stepping into dangerous territory.
You’re still green.
You’re still too young to get a driver’s license.
You’re still young.
You’re students - It’s only now what you can do this sort of thing.
You’re stupid to trust him.
You’re such a clothes horse.
You’re such a cute boy.
You’re such a lovely audience.
You’re such a mean man.
You’re such a pack rat.
You’re such an idiot!
You’re such an inspiration!
You’re such rascals!
You’re supposed to be an accessory.
You’re taking a lot for granted.
You’re taking advantage of her weakness.
You’re taking on the company style.
You’re talking about morality as if it were your second name.
You’re tall.
You’re taller than me.
You’re telling me.
You’re ten times heavier than I am.
You’re ten years too young to be driving a Lexus.
You’re the apple of my eye.
You’re the best man for the job.
You’re the best!
You’re the boss.
You’re the first person I told that to.
You’re the first! ... Little idiots to have made a fool of me.
You’re the last person in the world I would like to see cloned; you’re boring enough on your own.
You’re the love of my life.
You’re the most incredible person I’ve ever met.
You’re the new secretary, aren’t you?
You’re the one I’ve been dreaming of.
You’re the one I’ve been waiting for.
You’re the one I’ve been wanting to meet.
You’re the only mirror for me.
You’re the only one I think about.
You’re the only one for me now.
You’re the only one who can do it.
You’re the only one who can do this.
You’re the only one who can help me.
You’re the only person I can trust.
You’re the only person I know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing.
You’re the only person I know besides me who likes medieval music.
You’re the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
You’re the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
You’re the only person I know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent.
You’re the only person I know besides myself who doesn’t like watching baseball.
You’re the only person I know here in Boston.
You’re the only person I know in Boston.
You’re the only person I know that doesn’t like bananas.
You’re the only person I know that has ever visited Boston.
You’re the only person I know that likes getting up early in the morning.
You’re the only person I know that never complains about the food here.
You’re the only person I know that owns a gun.
You’re the only person I know who can help me.
You’re the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
You’re the only person I know who doesn’t knock before entering my office.
You’re the only person I know who doesn’t take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
You’re the only person I know who has a sports car.
You’re the only person I know who is my age.
You’re the only person I know who is qualified for this job.
You’re the only person I know who regularly gets my name wrong.
You’re the only person that I can trust.
You’re the only person that can persuade him.
You’re the only person who ever calls me after 10:00 p.m.
You’re the only person who ever comes to visit me.
You’re the only person who shows me any respect.
You’re the sunshine of my life.
You’re to do your homework before you watch TV.
You’re too drunk to drive.
You’re too suspicious about everything.
You’re too young to die, my friend.
You’re too young to marry.
You’re tough.
You’re trying to hide.
You’re under the influence; driving is not a smart choice.
You’re up to something.
You’re usually as tough as nails.
You’re very brave, aren’t you?
You’re very kind.
You’re very lucky you know! A such thing happen only once in a lifetime.
You’re very pretty.
You’re very sexy.
You’re very stylish today.
You’re very stylish.
You’re visiting a factory tomorrow, aren’t you?
You’re waking up quite early today. Do you have something?
You’re wanted on the phone, Tom. It’s Mary.
You’re wanted on the phone. It’s from Tom.
You’re wanted on the telephone.
You’re wasting your energy. Your complaint is groundless.
You’re wasting your time with all this needless repetition so spare us the long-winded explanation.
You’re wasting your time.
You’re watching AnnoZero, eh?
You’re wearing an odd cap, aren’t you?
You’re wearing your sweater inside out.
You’re weird - I like you.
You’re weird. I haven’t helped you at all yet and you’re calling me a "genius".
You’re welcome to any book in my library.
You’re welcome to stay with us as long as you want.
You’re welcome.
You’re wet through.
You’re what?
You’re wide of the mark.
You’re windy and wild.
You’re working hard, eh. But don’t push yourself too hard.
You’re wrong in this case.
You’ve acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
You’ve already drunk mummy’s milk. Don’t cry, please go sleepy-sleep.
You’ve already read the book?
You’ve always been important to me.
You’ve always been someone I truly admire.
You’ve always been special to me.
You’ve arrived too early.
You’ve been camping out ever since you came over here? Must have been terrible.
You’ve been deceived.
You’ve been drinking; you shouldn’t get behind the wheel.
You’ve been given a chance to jump right in.
You’ve been had.
You’ve been late for school more often than before.
You’ve been procrastinating for too long, it’s time to just get into the project!
You’ve been properly led up the garden path.
You’ve been the best dog one could desire!
You’ve been very good to me.
You’ve been very helpful.
You’ve bitten off more than you can chew.
You’ve both been very impressive today. I’m proud of you.
You’ve bought more stamps than necessary.
You’ve bought more stamps than needed.
You’ve certainly been hoping for my love, but until now it has been flatly denied.
You’ve changed much.
You’ve changed, and I can’t keep up.
You’ve changed.
You’ve come back?
You’ve come up in the world since the last time I saw you.
You’ve cut my hair too short.
You’ve done a perfect job.
You’ve done a wonderful job on the interior decoration.
You’ve done it very well.
You’ve done it!
You’ve done more than enough.
You’ve drunk three cups of coffee.
You’ve filled out.
You’ve finished your work.
You’ve found a good man.
You’ve given me access to the Wordpress Dashboard, but what I need is an FTP account.
You’ve given me good advice.
You’ve given me your cold.
You’ve got a big hole in your sock.
You’ve got a bit of a fever today, don’t you?
You’ve got a good head on your shoulders.
You’ve got a good idea.
You’ve got a great sense of humor.
You’ve got a lot of guts.
You’ve got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses.
You’ve got a nerve to say such a thing!
You’ve got a one-track mind.
You’ve got a poor memory!
You’ve got a vivid imagination!
You’ve got another four day’s journey before you reach Moscow.
You’ve got bags under your eyes.
You’ve got circles under your eyes.
You’ve got dark circles under your eyes.
You’ve got it in one. That’s right.
You’ve got me behind the eight ball.
You’ve got no alibi for the day of the murder.
You’ve got nothing to complain of.
You’ve got plenty of time.
You’ve got some balls!
You’ve got the freshest sound I’ve heard in years. Now go write 12 songs about fucking by Friday.
You’ve got the wrong number.
You’ve got the wrong station.
You’ve got to answer for the outcome.
You’ve got to be careful or else you’ll miss it again.
You’ve got to be crazy to do something like that.
You’ve got to carry a gun in this area.
You’ve got to carry out your commitment at all costs.
You’ve got to get a steady job.
You’ve got to get down to your work.
You’ve got to give up gambling once and for all.
You’ve got to go even if you don’t want to.
You’ve got to help me! Every night I have the same horrible dream.
You’ve got to learn to hold your tongue.
You’ve got to pick up every stitch.
You’ve got to see her home.
You’ve got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.
You’ve got to take the bull by the horns!
You’ve got to write to him quickly.
You’ve got two books?
You’ve got your priorities backwards.
You’ve gotta get over there right now.
You’ve gotten hitched?
You’ve grown so tall.
You’ve had eleven bottles of beer!
You’ve had enough of this riff-raff? Well, we’ll help you get rid of it.
You’ve improved your English.
You’ve invited your friends too, haven’t you?
You’ve just been down in the dumps.
You’ve left out a word in copying the textbook.
You’ve left your coffee. Don’t you like it?
You’ve lost the ability to concentrate.
You’ve made a good many mistakes.
You’ve made me what I am.
You’ve made remarkable progress in English in the past year.
You’ve missed the boat.
You’ve never been to Europe, have you?
You’ve never been to Paris, have you?
You’ve never been to Paris?
You’ve never seen a genuine diamond.
You’ve only been on the job for about 15 minutes.
You’ve overcome every obstacle with grace.
You’ve overdone it.
You’ve put on weight, haven’t you?
You’ve put on weight.
You’ve put this off for far too long. You will finish it tonight!
You’ve put your hat on backwards.
You’ve read through the book, haven’t you?
You’ve really helped me a lot.
You’ve run into some trouble or something?
You’ve run through all the butter?
You’ve seen too many movies.
You’ve set a bad example.
You’ve set the bar high for excellence.
You’ve spilt your coffee.
You’ve started warming up.
You’ve sure got a short fuse today.
You’ve sure got the teacher’s number.
You’ve sworn to me, kid, — so find such a water for me, find it and bring, water my poor roots…
You’ve taken a long time eating lunch.
You’ve taken a plane for the first time in your life.
You’ve taken everything.
You’ve told me something.
You’ve traded bad for worse.
You’ve truly outdone yourself.
You’ve turned up at the right moment.
You’ve worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
You’ve worked hard this morning, Simon.
You’ve worked hard.
You’ve worked tirelessly to achieve your goals.
You′re the girl of my dreams.
Yowzie is danced to jazz, with funny interactions between couples, and slapstick moves inspired by Tharp’s beloved silent film comedies.
Yua and Yuma walked from morning until the last train.
Yuba comes from Boston.
Yuba does not drink coffee.
Yuba doesn't even have a computer.
Yuba doesn't look angry.
Yuba doesn't want to drink anything.
Yuba has good teachers.
Yuba has three brothers.
Yuba hasn't changed much.
Yuba is a British citizen.
Yuba is a diligent young man, he appreciates Amazigh culture as a whole.
Yuba is a hardworking boy, he is passionate about Amazigh culture in its entirety.
Yuba is a very studious boy, he loves Amazigh culture in general.
Yuba is exaggerating.
Yuba is skinny.
Yuba is very reserved.
Yuba likes to laugh, he also likes to make people laugh.
Yuba loves to advise others.
Yuba seems honest.
Yuba wanted more.
Yuba wanted to write something.
Yuba wants to stay.
Yuba wants you to eat.
Yuba was an Amazigh king.
Yuba was spitting.
Yuck!
Yuck! That looks awful!
Yuck! Who'd buy this?
Yuck, do I have to face that too!
Yuck, he's bad.
Yuck, my cake is too sweet, and how is yours?
Yuck, that smells like shit!
Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.
Yuck.
Yugoslavia fell apart rapidly.
Yugoslavia no longer exists.
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.
Yugoslavia says it’s not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.
Yuji told his friend a story about his adventure during the summer vacation.
Yuk, yuk!
Yuka fell in love the moment she was introduced to the newly-appointed English teacher.
Yuka types better than Alice.
Yuki Kawauchi won the Boston marathon.
Yuki! It's great to see you again!
Yuki! It’s great to see you again!
Yukichi Fukuzawa introduced Western ideas into Japan.
Yukiko is an innocent girl of tender years.
Yukiko likes potatoes.
Yukio Mishima killed himself in 1970.
Yuko has never spoken with a foreigner.
Yuko started the race very quickly.
Yule is a pagan holiday.
Yulia Brodskaya's works are fascinating.
Yum yum!
Yum, black forest cake!
Yum, this food is delicious!
Yum. Fried cheese.
Yumi Ishiyama is the oldest member of Team Lyoko.
Yumi and Emi were studying for their English test.
Yumi can't finish it in a day.
Yumi can’t finish it in a day.
Yumi goes to the park to play tennis.
Yumi got up early to listen to the English program.
Yumi has a lot of money now.
Yumi has many books.
Yumi has much money now.
Yumi is good at playing tennis.
Yumi is happy, isn't she?
Yumi is happy, isn’t she?
Yumi is leaving for Osaka the day after tomorrow.
Yumi is not going to play tennis.
Yumi is one of my friends.
Yumi is studying English intensively.
Yumi keeps getting better at Korean.
Yumi occasionally mumbles weird things.
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday.
Yumi speaks English very well.
Yumi speaks very good English.
Yumi studied English last night.
Yumi studies English hard.
Yumi went there alone.
Yumi went there by herself.
Yumi went to the park to play tennis.
Yumi will become a teacher.
Yumi will not play tennis.
Yumi will use this camera tomorrow afternoon.
Yumi's boyfriend is a bit antisocial.
Yumi's hobby is singing popular songs.
Yumi, don't you hate losing? I think that it would be better for you to change that.
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
Yumiko has a push-up bra, emphasising her cleavage.
Yumiko has a push-up bra.
Yumiko married a childhood friend last June.
Yumiko was a little angry.
Yumi’s boyfriend is a bit antisocial.
Yumi’s hobby is singing popular songs.
Yummy!
Yun would enclose little notes in letters from home. My father said â€œSince your wife is capable with brush and ink, she can write your mother’s letters from home for her.â€
Yun would enclose little notes in letters from home. My father said “Since your wife is capable with brush and ink, she can write your mother's letters from home for her.”
Yuna felt demotivated after being criticised for her work.
Yup! I'm going to give up cigarettes.
Yup! I’m going to give up cigarettes.
Yup, I am angry.
Yup, it seems like even the doctor was about to throw in the towel.
Yuri Andropov was elected Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet on June 16, 1983.
Yuri Gagarin flew only one space mission.
Yuri Gagarin was born near Moscow, Russia on March 9, 1934.
Yuri Gagarin was killed in a plane crash before he could travel in space a second time.
Yuri abruptly changed the tone of the conversation.
Yuri accelerated his step as he walked past Martha.
Yuri accused Martha of a non-existent affair.
Yuri acted like Martha's boyfriend.
Yuri acted like a narcissist.
Yuri actually turned out to be a pretty interesting guy.
Yuri almost collided with an old woman.
Yuri almost died of a broken heart.
Yuri almost fainted from the news.
Yuri almost fainted in the school bathroom.
Yuri already smelt the sweet smell of victory.
Yuri always came up with things for us to do.
Yuri always knew Martha's whereabouts.
Yuri always made a point to be home for Yennayer.
Yuri always stayed at home, which infuriated his wife.
Yuri always went to new and cool places.
Yuri and Martha apologized to each other in front of their parents.
Yuri and Martha are from different social classes.
Yuri and Martha became a couple.
Yuri and Martha did everything good parents were supposed to do.
Yuri and Martha ended up being good friends.
Yuri and Martha even exchanged numbers.
Yuri and Martha exchanged phone numbers and he walked her home.
Yuri and Martha had a serious talk.
Yuri and Martha had one thing in common: Vladimir.
Yuri and Martha kissed for about five minutes.
Yuri and Martha kissed like in a romantic movie.
Yuri and Martha liked each other right away.
Yuri and Martha looked at each other and smiled sheepishly.
Yuri and Martha made concessions for each other.
Yuri and Martha sat next to each other at the table.
Yuri and Martha signed the contract in the office.
Yuri and Martha spent the whole evening on the mat.
Yuri and Martha told each other how their day had gone.
Yuri and Martha told each other wonderful stories.
Yuri and Martha watched that show together on TV.
Yuri and Martha went to the cinema.
Yuri and Martha were a young couple who wanted to adopt a child.
Yuri and Martha were able to reach a common solution.
Yuri and Martha were having coffee.
Yuri and Martha were in the hammock, kissing.
Yuri and Martha were on the Ferris wheel.
Yuri and Martha were the prettiest couple in school.
Yuri and Vladimir had to share everything in the bedroom.
Yuri and his friends called Martha names.
Yuri answered in a shaky voice.
Yuri apologized to his Berber teacher.
Yuri arrived in Algiers, full of hope.
Yuri arrived in a fancy limousine.
Yuri asked Martha several times about her hairstyle.
Yuri asked Martha the same thing one hundred times.
Yuri asked Martha to come with him to the yard.
Yuri asked Martha to leave the house immediately.
Yuri asked Martha what kind of pizza she liked.
Yuri asked Martha what she was hiding.
Yuri asked about yesterday's visitor.
Yuri asked his bench neighbor if he could use his phone.
