We had a good time in Boston.
We had a good time in the open air.
We had a good time last night.
We had a good time playing cards.
We had a good time playing chess.
We had a good time there.
We had a good time together.
We had a good time yesterday.
We had a good time.
We had a good time. Then Tom came, and ruined everything.
We had a good year last year.
We had a great Christmas.
We had a great audience today.
We had a great call.
We had a great conversation.
We had a great day at school.
We had a great day at the zoo.
We had a great deal of trouble here yesterday.
We had a great evening yesterday with my brothers and my friends, and the barbecue was very good, too.
We had a great relationship.
We had a great time at the beach.
We had a great time in Boston.
We had a great time last night.
We had a great time singing together.
We had a great time together.
We had a great time watching movies with Gustavo.
We had a great time.
We had a great time. Thank you.
We had a happy childhood in Algeria.
We had a hard time doing the job because he was always complaining.
We had a hard time finding a parking space.
We had a hard time finding a place to park.
We had a hard time getting a taxi.
We had a hard time resolving that problem.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
We had a hearty breakfast.
We had a heated debate, and then he spat on my face.
We had a heated debate.
We had a heated discussion about it.
We had a heated discussion.
We had a heavy fog in London.
We had a heavy frost this morning.
We had a heavy labor.
We had a heavy rain last night.
We had a heavy rain yesterday.
We had a heavy rainfall last night.
We had a hell of a good time.
We had a history quiz this morning.
We had a horrible substitute teacher.
We had a huge dinner.
We had a huge fight.
We had a huge win.
We had a jolly good time.
We had a kid just last year.
We had a large audience.
We had a late lunch at two.
We had a late lunch.
We had a late luncheon.
We had a layover in Boston.
We had a layover in Chicago.
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.
We had a light meal and then continued working.
We had a little argument.
We had a little car trouble.
We had a little party.
We had a little problem earlier.
We had a little problem.
We had a little tiff.
We had a little trouble with the equipment yesterday.
We had a little water.
We had a lively debate about the issue.
We had a lively discussion.
We had a lively party last night.
We had a long conversation that lasted over three hours.
We had a long conversation.
We had a long discussion about it.
We had a long discussion about what to do about it.
We had a long discussion as to what to do about it.
We had a long period of good weather.
We had a long spell of fine weather.
We had a long wait for the bus.
We had a lot in common.
We had a lot more fun in Australia than we thought we would.
We had a lot more fun in Boston than we thought we would.
We had a lot of Berber classes.
We had a lot of chances to do that while we were in Australia.
We had a lot of chances to do that while we were in Boston.
We had a lot of chances.
We had a lot of fun at the dance.
We had a lot of fun at the zoo.
We had a lot of fun dancing.
We had a lot of fun doing it.
We had a lot of fun doing that.
We had a lot of fun in Australia.
We had a lot of fun in Boston.
We had a lot of fun in Laganas.
We had a lot of fun skating.
We had a lot of fun surfing yesterday.
We had a lot of fun there.
We had a lot of fun today.
We had a lot of fun together today, didn't we?
We had a lot of fun together.
We had a lot of fun watching Tom doing that.
We had a lot of fun yesterday.
We had a lot of fun.
We had a lot of furniture.
We had a lot of good support.
We had a lot of good times in our camper.
We had a lot of help.
We had a lot of hurricanes this year.
We had a lot of problems yesterday.
We had a lot of rain last month.
We had a lot of rain last summer.
We had a lot of rain last week.
We had a lot of rain last year.
We had a lot of rain this month.
We had a lot of rain yesterday.
We had a lot of risky experiences on our trip.
We had a lot of snow about this time last year.
We had a lot of snow last night.
We had a lot of snow last winter.
We had a lot of snow last year.
We had a lot of spontaneous offers from them.
We had a lot of thunder that summer.
We had a lot of thunder this summer.
We had a lot of visitors today.
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.
We had a lot of work to do.
We had a lot on our minds.
We had a lot to celebrate.
We had a lot to drink.
We had a lot to lose.
We had a lousy start.
We had a lovely holiday.
We had a lovely meal.
We had a lovely time at the dance.
We had a lovely time.
We had a lovely weekend.
We had a lunch date, didn't we?
We had a magnificent time near the sea.
We had a magnificent view from the summit.
We had a marvellous time.
We had a marvelous meal Saturday night.
We had a marvelous time.
We had a master plan.
We had a math test today.
We had a maths exam today.
We had a maths test today.
We had a meal after noon.
We had a meeting from three to five-thirty. I slept through all but ten minutes of it.
We had a meeting in Berber.
We had a meeting in French.
We had a mild winter last year.
We had a minor disagreement.
We had a misunderstanding.
We had a movie marathon with Gustavo.
We had a movie-themed party with Gustavo.
We had a narrow escape from the explosion.
We had a narrow escape.
We had a nasty teacher.
We had a nice chat with the taxi driver on the way.
We had a nice conversation in Berber.
We had a nice conversation.
We had a nice day.
We had a nice dessert.
We had a nice dinner.
We had a nice long talk about the future of the Berber language.
We had a nice long talk this afternoon.
We had a nice long talk.
We had a nice meal.
We had a nice sweet cantalope.
We had a nice time in Boston.
We had a nice time last night.
We had a nice time there.
We had a nice time.
We had a nice weekend.
We had a one-to-one session with the teacher.
We had a party at our house last Monday evening.
We had a party in the open.
We had a party last night.
We had a party outside.
We had a party yesterday.
We had a picnic by the river.
We had a picnic in Kabylie.
We had a picnic in a green field on a small hill.
We had a picnic in the backyard.
We had a picnic last weekend.
We had a picnic near the bridge.
We had a plan.
We had a plate full of swedes and potatoes.
We had a pleasant conversation.
We had a pleasant evening.
We had a pleasant ride home.
We had a pleasant stay, but unfortunately it rained now and then.
We had a pleasant time.
We had a poor harvest because of the lack of water.
We had a pop quiz.
We had a power outage yesterday.
We had a power outage, so I had to reset the clock on my VCR. However, I was off by an hour, so the program I wanted to record wasn't recorded.
We had a pretty quiet day.
We had a previous agreement.
We had a prior commitment.
We had a pumpkin-carving party.
We had a quick lunch at a cafe.
We had a quiz today.
We had a racist teacher.
We had a real good time.
We had a really big fight.
We had a really big match soon.
We had a really fun and playful relationship.
We had a really fun time.
We had a really good start.
We had a really good talk.
We had a really good time.
We had a really interesting conversation whilst enjoying the mixed gender bath.
We had a really nice talk.
We had a record crop this year.
We had a rest in the shade.
We had a rough crossing on an old ferry.
We had a rough day.
We had a rough flight because of turbulence.
We had a rough time.
We had a rough trip.
We had a rough voyage.
We had a sandwich.
We had a scare.
We had a secret meeting.
We had a sense of impending disaster.
We had a serious conversation about that.
We had a setback, but we’ll recover.
We had a short holiday in February.
We had a short holiday in October.
We had a short vacation in February.
We had a short vacation in October.
We had a shower.
We had a similar case last year.
We had a similar experience.
We had a sleepless night.
We had a slight accident.
We had a slight delay.
We had a slight difference of opinion.
We had a slight problem.
We had a slow day.
We had a snowball fight.
We had a son.
We had a sound sleep.
We had a spell of fine weather last autumn.
We had a splendid dinner that evening.
We had a splendid holiday in Sweden.
We had a station wagon.
We had a stopover in Boston.
We had a stopover in Chicago.
We had a storm yesterday.
We had a stroke.
We had a stupid fight.
We had a stupid geometry teacher.
We had a talk with her son.
We had a telegram from Mrs. Alexander Spencer today—the mail-man brought it from the station—saying they were coming on the five-thirty train tonight.
We had a tenor once.
We had a terrible fight.
We had a terrible time in the blizzard.
We had a terrible time.
We had a test.
We had a three-game losing streak in October.
We had a thrilling time at the theme park.
We had a tough decision to make.
We had a tough job.
We had a tour planned.
We had a traditional church wedding.
We had a typhoon yesterday.
We had a veggie burger cookout.
We had a very busy day.
We had a very close view.
We had a very good summer that year.
We had a very good time at a New Year's party.
We had a very good time at a New Year’s party.
We had a very good time at the dinner.
We had a very good time at the party.
We had a very good time indeed.
We had a very good time last night.
We had a very good time.
We had a very heavy rain yesterday morning.
We had a very hot summer this year.
We had a very interesting time in Australia.
We had a very interesting time in Boston.
We had a very interesting time.
We had a very long talk.
We had a very nice Christmas with Tom and his family.
We had a very nice lunch.
We had a very nice view of the river.
We had a very pleasant stay at their house.
We had a very simple plan.
We had a very smooth ride.
We had a very stormy debate.
We had a very strong snowstorm here last week.
We had a very successful meeting.
We had a very vigorous debate.
We had a visitor while you were taking a shower.
We had a warning.
We had a welcome party for Tom Jackson.
We had a welcome party for her.
We had a whale of a time at the beach.
We had a wonderful conversation about Islam.
We had a wonderful dish that was seasoned with chili peppers.
We had a wonderful holiday in Australia.
We had a wonderful holiday in Sweden.
We had a wonderful holiday.
We had a wonderful meal together.
We had a wonderful time in Australia.
We had a wonderful time in Boston.
We had a wonderful time today.
We had a wonderful time together.
We had a wonderful time tonight.
We had a wonderful time.
We had a wonderful weekend.
We had absolutely no control.
We had absolutely nothing to do with that.
We had all just fallen asleep when the smoke alarm went off.
We had all listened with the deepest interest to this sketch of the night's doings, which Holmes had deduced from signs so subtle and minute that, even when he had pointed them out to us, we could scarcely follow him in his reasoning.
We had already decided, right?
We had already indicated the problem to those ministers last year as well.
We had already sent the letters of invitation to the party.
We had already walked five minutes when we were caught in a shower.
We had already walked five minutes when were caught in a shower.
We had always been close.
We had an Egyptian Arabic literature teacher.
We had an Egyptian teacher.
We had an abnormal amount of snow.
We had an accident right before prom.
We had an accident.
We had an agreement that he would be at the signing of the contract the next day.
We had an agreement.
We had an agreement. You broke it.
We had an amazing music teacher.
We had an amazing time together.
We had an appointment.
We had an argument about it last night.
We had an argument last night.
We had an argument last night?
We had an argument this morning.
We had an argument with the manager.
We had an argument.
We had an arrangement.
We had an awesome time at the zoo.
We had an early lunch and set out at 12:30.
We had an early lunch at school.
We had an early lunch.
We had an earthquake last night.
We had an especially difficult winter.
We had an especially harsh winter.
We had an examination in English yesterday.
We had an examination in biology yesterday.
We had an examination in mathematics today.
We had an examination yesterday.
We had an exceptional year.
We had an extra hour in bed.
We had an idea.
We had an implicit agreement that we would support each other.
We had an in-depth discussion about the problem.
We had an intense competition.
We had an interesting evening.
We had an old transistor radio with a wire coat hanger for an aerial.
We had an opportunity to change things, but we didn't.
We had an oral exam.
We had an understanding.
We had an unpleasant experience there.
We had another argument.
We had another fight.
We had another stand-up meeting this morning.
We had apple pie for dessert.
We had arranged to meet at 10, but, even now, I have had any contact from them at all. You don't think they got into an accident somewhere or something?
We had bacon and eggs.
We had bad weather yesterday.
We had beaten a football giant.
We had beautiful moments together, yet I feel those have faded completely now.
We had beef stew for dinner.
We had been dating for a year.
We had been friends, quite good friends; but never could I get beyond the same comradeship which I might have established with one of my fellow-reporters upon the Gazette–perfectly frank, perfectly kindly, and perfectly unsexual.
We had been rival lovers at one time.
We had been soldiers.
We had been talking about Jim when he entered the room.
We had been trained with the notion that as long as you had plenty of options left, don’t give up, just keep on plugging.
We had been waiting since morning, but he didn't come after all.
We had been waiting since morning, but he didn’t come after all.
We had better begin to prepare for the test.
We had better cancel the hike.
We had better do away with such a fixed idea.
We had better do what other people do.
We had better go home rather than wait here.
We had better hurry or we'll be caught in the storm before we reach the camping site.
We had better leave her alone for a few minutes.
We had better not attend the meeting.
We had better not mention it.
We had better not remain here any longer.
We had better not remain here.
We had better not stay up too late tonight.
We had better protect our eyes from direct sunlight.
We had better save our time and money.
We had better sit down here.
We had better start before it begins to rain.
We had better tell her beforehand, so we can calm her down.
We had better utilize our natural resources.
We had big dreams back then.
We had big dreams in those days.
We had big dreams then.
We had big plans for you.
We had bills.
We had breakfast at noon.
We had breakfast early today.
We had breakfast.
We had cake for dessert.
We had chatted for almost five minutes without being able to speak one another's language.
We had chocolate ice cream for dessert.
We had classes all day today.
We had cockatiels when we were little.
We had coffee together.
We had complaints about one of the volunteers from Brussels.
We had computers on our laps.
We had different technologies to unify.
We had difficulties to meet our basic needs.
We had difficulties.
We had difficulty finding your hotel.
We had dinner at a Korean restaurant.
We had dinner at a new restaurant.
We had dinner at a restaurant with the manager.
We had dinner at a restaurant.
We had dinner at a round table in the garden.
We had dinner at my uncle's house.
We had dinner at my uncle's.
We had dinner at the table.
We had dinner by candlelight.
We had dinner in an expensive restaurant and stayed at a high-class hotel.
We had dinner on the veranda.
We had dinner together.
We had doubts.
We had drizzle yesterday.
We had eaten something before.
We had encouraged this young man to be milder, but he was not obedient to us.
We had enough money to buy the things we needed.
We had enough money to buy what we needed.
We had enough time to do that.
We had everything.
We had expected a little more than that.
We had expected that you would succeed this time.
We had extremely good yields this year.
We had few sunny days this summer.
We had fine weather on that day.
We had fire retardant, irrigation systems. We winched staff into the area to make sure that we were doing everything we could to protect the trees, and fortunately it paid off.
We had fish for dinner last night.
We had fish for supper last night.
We had five children.
We had five dollars left between us.
We had flooding because of last week's heavy rains.
We had flooding because of last week’s heavy rains.
We had four tests on the same day.
We had frequent snowfalls last year.
We had fried shiitake with pak choi for tea.
We had fun at Disneyland.
We had fun at the amusement park.
We had fun at the party.
We had fun dancing.
We had fun last night.
We had fun playing cards.
We had fun playing chess.
We had fun shopping.
We had fun that night!
We had fun together.
We had fun tonight.
We had fun watching Tom do that.
We had fun watching Tom doing that.
We had fun with Tom.
We had fun with it.
We had fun with them.
We had fun yesterday.
We had fun, didn't we?
We had fun.
We had funds when we lacked sense, now we have sense but lack funds!
We had gone fishing, before John came.
We had gone fishing, before they had finished eating.
We had gone to watch the shadow puppets earlier that night.
We had good intentions.
We had good mentors.
We had good news on our return.
We had good time, learning English.
We had grandparents.
We had great admiration for his courage.
We had guests for dinner yesterday.
We had had enough of each other.
We had hallucinations.
We had hardly arrived when Lucy started crying to go home.
We had hardly reached there when it began to rain.
We had hardly started when it began to rain.
We had hardly waited for five minutes when the bus came.
We had heavy rain last night.
We had heavy rain yesterday, but today there's only a light drizzle.
We had heavy rainfall last night.
We had her under surveillance.
We had high hopes for Tom.
We had high hopes for them.
We had him paint the fence light gray.
We had him paint the wall.
We had him under surveillance.
We had hoped some pupils would come, but the classroom was empty.
We had hoped some students would come, but there was no one in the classroom.
We had hoped that the rain would stop before noon.
We had hoped that you could do that for us.
We had hoped the rain would stop before noon.
We had hoped to go abroad this summer.
We had hoped you could do it for us.
We had hopes of developing tourism on a big scale.
We had huge losses.
We had hundreds of fights.
We had ice cream for dessert.
We had intended never to go there again.
We had intended not to meet with you.
We had just put away the last teaspoon when a knock came at the door.
We had known him for five years when he died.
We had known the painter before he became famous.
We had left the fertile country behind and beneath us. We looked back on it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands.
We had leftovers for lunch.
We had less snow here than usual last winter.
We had less snow last year than the year before.
We had less snow than usual last winter.
We had less snow this winter than last.
We had less snow this winter than we had expected.
We had little rain last month.
We had little water.
We had lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
We had lived there for ten years when the war broke out.
We had losses with this job.
We had lost the overview a long time ago.
We had lots of adventures on our trip.
We had lots of fun at the dance.
We had lots of fun at the picnic.
We had lots of fun today.
We had lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill on Park Street.
We had lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.
We had lunch at a roadside restaurant.
We had lunch at noon.
We had lunch earlier than usual and went out at twelve thirty.
We had lunch earlier than usual today.
We had lunch early.
We had lunch in the bathroom.
We had lunch in the canteen.
We had lunch in the meeting room.
We had lunch in the park.
We had lunch together.
We had lunch with Tom's boss.
We had lunch with Tom.
We had lunch.
We had mac and cheese for lunch.
We had mango and sticky rice for dessert.
We had many bitter experiences during the war.
We had many exciting experiences in the college.
We had many gruesome chores like homework.
We had many opportunities to do that.
We had met four years ago.
We had more snow last year than we had two years ago.
We had more snow this year than last.
We had more than enough money to buy everything we needed.
We had more than we needed.
We had much difficulty in finding the bus stop.
We had much rain last year.
We had much snow last winter.
We had native guides on our trip to the mountain.
We had neither known nor heard about it.
We had never met each other.
We had next to nothing in the kitchen.
We had nice weather yesterday.
We had nice weather.
We had no alternative but to fight.
We had no alternative.
We had no answer for Tom.
We had no chance of winning.
We had no choice but to accept it as a fait accompli.
We had no choice but to accept it.
We had no choice but to ask Tom to leave.
We had no choice but to call the police last night.
We had no choice but to do that.
We had no choice but to do what we were ordered to do.
We had no choice but to fire Tom.
We had no choice but to go on foot.
We had no choice but to go there.
We had no choice but to hire Tom.
We had no choice but to leave the country.
We had no choice but to leave the matter to him.
We had no choice but to leave.
We had no choice but to put up with it.
We had no choice but to return home.
We had no choice but to wait for a while until the store opened.
We had no choice but to wait.
We had no choice except to put up with it.
We had no choice except to put up with the noise.
We had no choice.
We had no choice. We had to do what they told us to do.
We had no contact with the outside world.
We had no customers, so we shut the shop early.
We had no doubt that there was something in our cellar.
We had no drinking water.
We had no electricity when I was growing up.
We had no end of fun.
We had no enemies.
We had no help from Tom.
We had no idea Tom was going to do that.
We had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
We had no idea that Tom was going to do that.
We had no idea what Tom and Mary were going to do.
We had no idea what Tom was going to do.
We had no idea what to do.
We had no idea what to expect.
We had no idea what was going to happen.
We had no idea what we should do.
We had no idea what we were supposed to do.
We had no idea which direction to go.
We had no idea which way to go.
We had no idea who Tom really was.
We had no idea.
We had no money.
We had no notification.
We had no notion of leaving our hometown.
We had no one to help us.
We had no other choice.
We had no other option but to bring her back from Brazil.
We had no other option but to bring her back from Brazil. She wouldn't stop whining.
We had no other option.
We had no potable water.
We had no problem doing that.
We had no problem with that.
We had no problems at all.
We had no proof.
We had no regard for money at all.
We had no school on account of the typhoon.
We had no school today!
We had no secrets.
We had no time to do that.
We had no time to finish our report.
We had no time to rest.
We had no time!
We had no trouble holding on.
We had no trouble.
We had no umbrellas with us.
We had no unexpected incidents during our trip.
We had no water to drink.
We had nobody to help us.
We had not been waiting long when the moon appeared.
We had not finished our work before the bell rang.
We had not gone far before we saw the road blocked by a truck.
We had not gone far before we were caught in a shower.
We had not gone so far when it started to rain.
We had not gone very far when it started to rain.
We had not studied for the math test.
We had nothing better to do.
We had nothing else to lose.
We had nothing in common.
We had nothing to do with it.
We had nothing to eat.
We had nothing to lose.
We had nothing to talk about.
We had nowhere to live.
We had on too much clothing.
We had one chance.
We had one or two glasses of wine.
We had one.
We had only one chance to do that.
We had only one chance.
We had only one option.
We had opportunities.
We had originally planned to turn this room into a studio for my mom, but in the end we just use it as a storage room.
We had our chance.
We had our chances.
We had our class pictorial.
We had our differences in the past.
We had our differences.
We had our doubts.
We had our first meal this morning, and it was edible, so we're thankful for that.
We had our fortunes told.
We had our hearing tested.
We had our house blown down by the storm.
We had our house painted just last year.
We had our house painted last spring.
We had our house painted.
We had our landlord's company at supper, and had learned from him that the most eminent of American financiers, who shall not otherwise be identified here, was in the habit, when coming to Leghorn, of letting him know that he was bringing a party of friends, and commanding of him a banquet such as he alone knew how to furnish a millionaire of that princely quality.
We had our lunch down in a big mossy hollow by an old well—such a romantic spot.
We had our money stolen.
We had our orders.
We had our photo taken by him.
We had our photo taken on the beach.
We had our photograph taken with a star player.
We had our picture taken by Tom.
We had our picture taken with Tom.
We had our picture taken.
We had our priorities, they had their preferences, and we came to an impasse.
We had our reasons.
We had our roof blown off.
We had our shoes polished.
We had our suspicions.
We had our ups and downs.
We had our vacation at the lake.
We had our wallets stolen.
We had our wedding on a cruise ship.
We had over 10,000 dollars in damages.
We had oysters earlier.
We had plans to eat out at night, but they came to nothing.
We had plenty of snow last year.
We had plenty of time.
We had plenty of warning.
We had plenty of work to do.
We had plum pie with whipped cream at Nan's.
We had popcorn while watching the movie.
We had potatoes from Spain for lunch. They were very tasty.
We had predicted such a thing might occur, so why didn't you act sooner? It feels like you are always behind with dealing with these sorts of things.
We had prior commitments.
We had problems at work.
We had problems with our car.
We had quite a disagreement about it.
We had relatively settled temperatures all week.
We had scarcely arrived at the Institution for the Blind when I began to make friends with the little blind children.
We had scarcely enough money to feed ourselves.
We had scarcely returned when it began raining.
We had seafood paella yesterday.
We had seen Jone swimming across the river.
We had several very enjoyable tea parties.
We had sex once and his wife found out.
We had sex.
We had sightings of hyenas recently in the area.
We had sightings of leopards recently in the area.
We had similar problems.
We had six guests to dinner.
We had sliders for appetizers.
We had snow this morning.
We had snow today.
We had so many chances to win.
We had so many good times together.
We had so many good times.
We had so much fun cooking.
We had so much fun in Kabylie.
We had so much fun together.
We had so much fun.
We had some candyfloss at the local market.
We had some chicken soup.
We had some chips.
We had some difficulty finding his house.
We had some early success.
We had some excellent ramen.
We had some fun, too.
We had some fun.
We had some good times here, didn't we?
We had some good times.
We had some ideas kicking around.
We had some problems.
We had some questions.
We had some really bad luck.
We had some subjects in common, and it was a bond of union when I found that he was as friendless as I.
We had some trouble here yesterday.
We had some trouble.
We had some unfinished business to attend to.
We had some unfinished business.
We had some uninvited guests last night.
We had some visitors yesterday.
We had some words this morning.
We had some.
We had something in common.
We had spotlights installed in the bathroom.
We had stew at home every Tuesday.
We had strict rules.
We had strong feelings for each other.
We had such a good feeling.
We had such a good time.
We had such a great time.
We had such a nice time visiting you!
We had suspicions.
We had taken an oath not to contact one another again.
We had taken on more than we could cope with.
We had target practice yesterday.
We had tea, and afterwards we sat in the garden for a while.
We had tears on our eyes.
We had terrible experiences.
We had terrible times during the war.
We had tethers for our horses, hooks for cutting grass for them, and axes for supplying ourselves with firewood to keep up blazing fires at night.
We had that teacher again.
We had that teacher for fourth and fifth grade.
We had the afternoon off.
We had the ambition to unite with them.
We had the campsite all to ourselves.
We had the car ready before the trip.
We had the chance to do that, but chose not to.
We had the chances.
We had the corner of a Pullman car to ourselves that evening as we whirled back to London.
We had the greatest difficulties in making ourselves heard.
We had the horses hobbled and belled.
We had the house all to ourselves.
We had the lowest grades in math.
We had the luck to win the battle.
We had the meeting in this room last Friday.
We had the mental acumen, the efficacy of the bow and arrow, opposite the clumsy musket.
We had the most loving and wise mother.
We had the passion.
We had the porter carry our luggage to our room.
We had the potential to turn it around.
We had the procedures done yesterday but unfortunately, the machine won't be in operation until the engine is replaced.
We had the same idea.
We had the the procedures done yesterday but unfortunately, the machine won’t be in operation until the engine is replaced.
We had the time of our life.
We had the time of our lives.
We had the training.
We had the whole apartment to ourselves.
We had them under surveillance.
We had them!
We had this discussion way too many times.
We had thought that he was a hero, but he turned out to be a traitor.
We had thought to stay there a couple of weeks.
We had three airplanes.
We had three cats and then we got three more.
We had three centimeters of rain in thirty minutes.
We had three crewmen in a dead spacecraft 200,000 miles away from Earth heading towards the moon.
We had three dollars left between us.
We had three guests to dinner.
We had three happy years together.
We had three months to prepare for this.
We had three new members join our team last week.
We had three tests this week.
We had three tries and failed each time.
We had three ushers at our wedding.
We had three ushers for our wedding.
We had three wonderful years together.
We had time to talk.
We had to abandon our plan.
We had to abandon ship.
We had to abandon that plan.
We had to abandon the car.
We had to adjust everything.
We had to agree to total confidentiality and sign a non-disclosure agreement.
We had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money.
We had to alter our plans because we didn’t have enough money.
We had to attend just as a matter of form.
We had to be careful not to get lost in the maze-like jungle paths.
We had to be in Boston for an important meeting last week.
We had to be there.
We had to break open the door.
We had to break the door down to get in.
We had to call a locksmith.
We had to call a taxi.
We had to call in social services. This was obviously a case of child neglect.
We had to call it off.
We had to call off the baseball game because of the rain.
We had to call off the game because of rain.
We had to call off the game because of the rain.
We had to call the locksmith.
We had to call the whole thing off.
We had to cancel the meeting.
We had to carry Tom to the couch.
We had to change buses three times to get here.
We had to change our lifestyle once our first child came along.
We had to change our tactics.
We had to change the locks on all the doors.
We had to check coats and hats.
We had to close the windows so that the mosquitoes wouldn't come in.
We had to close the windows so that the mosquitoes wouldn’t come in.
We had to come back soon because school was about to start.
We had to come most of the way on foot.
We had to come to Boston for a funeral.
We had to come.
We had to compromise.
We had to confine the dog for its own safety.
We had to confiscate his vape.
We had to cooperate with each other.
We had to cooperate.
We had to count on our strength only.
We had to cross the desert on foot.
We had to cross three rivers to get here.
We had to cut down a lot of trees.
We had to delay our departure because of the bad weather.
We had to depend on trade.
We had to dig a pretty deep well to get water.
We had to dip into our savings in order to pay the unexpected medical expenses.
We had to discover that the hard way.
We had to do as they said.
We had to do everything by ourselves.
We had to do everything on our own.
We had to do everything ourselves.
We had to do it again.
We had to do one push-up for every minute we were late.
We had to do something.
We had to do that ourselves.
We had to do that.
We had to do what they said.
We had to do what they told us to do.
We had to do without a TV set.
We had to do without oil during the war.
We had to drag the kids home.
We had to drive on narrow roads through hilly terrain.
We had to drive slowly all the way.
We had to drop out last year.
We had to eat our dogs.
We had to figure out how to do that on our own.
We had to fire Tom because he wasn't able to do the job we hired him to do.
We had to fire Tom.
We had to force open the door to get in.
We had to force the door open to get in.
We had to fumigate our house to get rid of termites.
We had to gear our lives to the new circumstances.
We had to get in touch with her before she went out.
We had to get our car repaired.
We had to get something to eat so we stopped at a restaurant near the exit.
We had to get up at dawn.
We had to give them away when we moved.
We had to go back empty-handed.
We had to go back to the drawing board.
We had to go entire days without food.
We had to go overseas on a business trip.
We had to go there by bus.
We had to go there together.
We had to go to Boston.
We had to go to the veterinarian with our dog.
We had to go up and down the slopes.
We had to go where they told us to go.
We had to go.
We had to have our car repaired.
We had to help Tom.
We had to help her.
We had to help him.
We had to help them.
We had to hire a local guide to navigate the treacherous jungle terrain.
We had to hospitalize the victims.
We had to improvise.
We had to keep it a secret.
We had to keep it secret.
We had to keep working.
We had to learn the lines of the play in park.
We had to learn the poem by heart.
We had to learn to be a team.
We had to learn to read the word.
We had to leave Earth to be able to take it in at a glance.
We had to leave early.
We had to leave for America on short notice.
We had to leave for Australia on short notice.
We had to leave for the United States on short notice.
We had to leave quickly.
We had to leave suddenly.
We had to leave.
We had to lessen the impact of the erratic supplies.
We had to let Tom go.
We had to let her go.
We had to let him go.
We had to let them go.
We had to lie to protect ourselves.
We had to line up at the front of our classroom.
We had to live in Boston for a while with Tom after our house was destroyed by the flood.
We had to live together.
We had to look for a place to stay while our house is under renovation.
We had to make a decision.
We had to make a deep well, otherwise we wouldn't reach the aquifer.
We had to make a detour across a bridge down the river from here.
We had to make a few adjustments.
We had to make a presentation about the Civil War.
We had to make a very early start.
We had to make choices.
We had to make concessions.
We had to make other arrangements.
We had to make the best of a bad deal.
We had to make the best of our small house.
We had to memorize the lines of the play in the park.
We had to move away.
We had to nix tomorrow's meeting because of a scheduling problem.
We had to obey the foreign law.
We had to open our suitcases.
We had to paint over some offensive words that someone had spray painted on our door.
We had to pay Tom for his services.
We had to pay an additional ten thousand yen.
We had to pay ten thousand yen in addition.
We had to pee.
We had to postpone our departure.
We had to postpone the game because of rain.
We had to postpone the game due to rain.
We had to postpone the gathering because of rain.
We had to postpone the meeting due to the traffic accident.
We had to postpone the picnic because of rain.
We had to postpone the picnic because of the rain.
We had to postpone the picnic.
We had to prepare for the weekend.
We had to push our way through the crowd.
We had to put Cookie down today.
We had to put Cookie to sleep.
We had to put a stop to that.
We had to put down one of our horses.
We had to put down the dog.
We had to put off our departure.
We had to put off our trip.
We had to put off the game due to rain.
We had to put off the meeting because of the storm.
We had to put off the meeting because of the traffic accident.
We had to put off the meeting.
We had to put one of our horses down.
We had to put our cat to sleep.
We had to put up with Kunio's poor table manners because he refused to change.
We had to put up with Kunio’s poor table manners because he refused to change.
We had to react quickly.
We had to redo everything after Tom.
We had to remove your spleen.
We had to rescue a skier who crashed into a tree.
We had to rest.
We had to retain a lawyer.
We had to run for our lives.
We had to run from the truant officer.
We had to run the gauntlet of entrenched defenders.
We had to run to get to our next train. Two minutes before two-thirty we arrived at track one, and at one minute after two-thirty our train was about to leave from track eighteen.
We had to run.
We had to rush our dog to the vet.
We had to scramble.
We had to see Tom.
We had to see for ourselves.
We had to see to it ourselves.
We had to sell it.
We had to sell the building because for years we had operated it at a loss.
We had to sell the building because for years we operated it in the red.
We had to sell them.
We had to sell those paintings.
We had to send a few people back to the station.
We had to send a search party.
We had to settle on staying at the reservation, due to the fear of the people outside of it.
We had to shoot our horses.
We had to show our papers at the security desk.
We had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes.
We had to sing.
We had to sleep on the floor.
We had to smoke our meat to preserve it.
We had to speak French since that was the only language that some people in the group knew.
We had to start for America at short notice.
We had to start our business from zero.
We had to start somewhere.
We had to stay at home because of the storm.
We had to stay at home due to the pandemic.
We had to stay at home.
We had to stay home because of the storm.
We had to stay in Australia for another three days.
We had to stay in Boston for another three days.
We had to stay in the hospital.
We had to stop Tom.
We had to stop because of the heavy rain.
We had to stop for the night.
We had to stop over in San Francisco for two hours due to the fog.
We had to stop.
We had to struggle with the old enemies of peace—business and financial monopoly, speculation, reckless banking, class antagonism, sectionalism, war profiteering. They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs. We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.
We had to study French at our high school.
We had to take him by force.
We had to take our mother to the hospital.
We had to talk to Tom.
We had to tell Tom.
We had to think about it first.
We had to think on our feet.
We had to travel on a bus.
We had to trust Tom.
We had to turn on our lights because it was getting dark.
We had to urinate.
We had to wait a little while for a bus.
We had to wait a little while for the bus.
We had to wait a very long time.
We had to wait an hour.
We had to wait fifteen minutes in line in front of checkout.
We had to wait for an hour.
We had to wait for him for ten minutes.
We had to wait for more than three hours.
We had to wait for over three hours.
We had to wait for the doctor for too long; he was on an operation.
We had to wait for the train twenty minutes.
We had to wait for thirty minutes.
We had to wait for three hours.
We had to wait over three hours.
We had to wait thirty minutes.
We had to wait three hours.
We had to wait until she found a chair and sat down.
We had to wait.
We had to walk all the way to the station.
We had to walk home in the rain.
We had to walk home.
We had to walk the last leg of the journey.
We had to walk.
We had to wear a uniform.
We had to wear uniforms.
We had to work at it.
We had to work some stuff out.
We had to work together.
We had to work under miserable conditions.
We had to write off the debt.
We had to yield to their request.
We had too little time.
We had too much clothing on.
We had too much clothing.
We had trouble finding a parking space.
We had trouble finding a place to park.
We had trouble finding a taxi.
We had trouble finding water.
We had trouble getting a taxi.
We had trouble getting into the disco.
We had trouble getting the money that we needed.
We had trouble getting the money we needed.
We had trouble getting the situation under control.
We had trouble hearing each other.
We had two apples.
We had two dogs.
We had two main occupations: to find a place to get our heads down for the night, and to sort out something to eat.
We had two main occupations: to find a place to rest for the night, and to sort out something to eat.
We had uncertain weather last month.
We had unexpected visitors.
We had vada pavs in Mumbai.
We had very fruitful discussions.
We had very interesting reports from Tom.
We had visitors come in.
We had waited for a long time but he didn't show up
We had what Tom wanted.
We had what she wanted.
We had wonderful moments together.
We had wooden boats.
We had words again last night, so today we're not speaking.
We had words again last night, so today we’re not speaking.
We had words again last night.
We had you under surveillance.
We hadn't credited this report.
We hadn't enough time for it.
We hadn't expected so much resistance.
We hadn't gone so far when it started to rain.
We hadn't gone very far when it started to rain.
We hadn't had an argument since our teenage years.
We hadn't had so much fun together for a long time.
We hadn't heard this news.
We hadn't known about each other for a long time until we met.
We hadn't really planned to go to Boston.
We hadn't so much as heard of her name.
We hadn't, ourselves, considered that.
We hadn’t credited this report.
We hadn’t so much as heard of her name.
We handcuffed them.
We handle all type of books, both new and old.
We handle that as well.
We handled everything as you requested.
We handled it.
We handled snakes.
We hang out together all the time.
We hang up our coats behind the door.
We happen to see a mongoose crossing the road. Its tail is bushy and its coat is grayish.
We happened to be in Australia at that time.
We happened to be in Boston at that time.
We happened to be in Boston then.
We happened to be in Hokkaido then.
We happened to be in London at that time.
We happened to be on the same bus.
We happened to be on the same train.
We happened to be travelling on the same train.
We happened to get on the same bus.
We happened to meet Tom in the park.
We happened to meet again through a strange coincidence.
We happened to meet at the station.
We happened to meet her in the park.
We happened to meet her on the bus.
We happened to meet him in the park.
We happened to meet our teacher in the street yesterday.
We happened to meet our teacher on the street yesterday.
We happened to meet them at the bus station.
We happened to meet them on the bus.
We happened to ride the same train by chance.
We happened to ride the same train.
We happened to see a truck run into the guard-rail.
We happened to see him as he came out of the shop.
We happened to see him as he left the shop.
We happened to take the same train.
We happily accept your proposal.
We happily agreed.
We happily stayed home.
We harassed Tom.
We hardly ate rice during the trip.
We hardly even talk anymore.
We hardly ever agree on anything.
We hardly ever go out.
We hardly ever have guests.
We hardly ever meet.
We hardly ever met each other.
We hardly ever missed school.
We hardly ever see Tom anymore.
We hardly ever see Tom here nowadays.
We hardly ever see each other anymore. We might as well be strangers.
We hardly ever see you around here anymore.
We hardly ever see you around here.
We hardly ever talk to each other anymore.
We hardly exchanged a word during breakfast.
We hardly had enough cake for every boy.
We hardly had time to eat our dinner.
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.
We hardly knew each other.
We hardly knew you back then.
We hardly know Tom.
We hardly know each other.
We hardly managed to eat dinner.
We hardly managed to eat our dinner.
We hardly realize how important it is.
We hardly see Tom around here anymore.
We hardly see him around here.
We hardly see you any more.
We hardly see you anymore.
We hardly see you around here anymore.
We hardly spend any time with Mom.
We harmed people.
We harvest our summer crop in autumn.
We harvest our summer crops in autumn.
We harvested corn in the fall.
We harvested the pumpkins by throwing them to each other and then up to someone on the truck.
We hastily set up camp on the riverbank.
We hate Halloween.
We hate Tom as much as you do.
We hate Tom because of his job.
We hate Tom.
We hate asparagus.
We hate bugs.
We hate cats.
We hate cockroaches because they remind us of all the waste we create.
We hate commercials.
We hate cooking.
We hate diversity.
We hate dogs.
We hate each other.
We hate fishing.
We hate football.
We hate getting up early in the morning.
We hate golf.
We hate her here.
We hate him here.
We hate him.
We hate insects.
We hate ivy.
We hate opera.
We hate our boss.
We hate our jobs.
We hate our parents.
We hate our wicked and corrupt leaders!
We hate ourselves.
We hate parties.
We hate quality.
We hate raw onions.
We hate reptiles.
We hate scary movies.
We hate secrets.
We hate sharing our data.
We hate shrimps.
We hate spiders.
We hate teenagers.
We hate that.
We hate the Algerian authority.
We hate the rules.
We hate them as much as you do.
We hate them here.
We hate them.
We hate this enemy of the country.
We hate this.
We hate violence.
We hate women.
We hated Nuja.
We hated Tom.
We hated commercials.
We hated it.
We hated our high school experience.
We hated staying after school.
We hated them.
We hated to see Tom go.
We have 13 grandchildren.
We have 13 retail stores.
We have 140 guests from 52 countries, representing 30 news agencies and 80 media entities.
We have 24 hours to evacuate the city.
We have 30 minutes.
We have 5 English classes in a week.
We have Algerian friends.
We have Berber blood.
We have Berber class together.
We have English homework due for tomorrow, don't we?
We have English lessons every Sunday.
We have English third period.
We have French class today.
We have French class together.
We have French third period.
We have French three hours a week.
We have God to watch over us.
We have Monday off.
We have Mondays off.
We have PE class.
We have Pride parades because we've been made to feel ashamed of who we are since childhood.
We have Swiss passports.
We have Tom to thank for this.
We have Tom's signed confession.
We have YouTube.
We have a 20% share of the market.
We have a 50% interest in the company.
We have a 50-minute layover in Boston.
We have a Berber vocabulary class.
We have a Berber-speaking guide.
We have a Flemish Giant rabbit.
We have a Flemish Giant.
We have a French exam on Monday.
We have a French test next Monday.
We have a French test on Monday.
We have a French test today.
We have a French test tomorrow.
We have a Japanese elm in our garden which always looks particularly gorgeous in autumn.
We have a Mangalica.
We have a Pope.
We have a TV.
We have a baby girl.
We have a backup plan ready.
We have a band.
We have a bath every day.
We have a beautiful country.
We have a big Arab League summit coming up in Algiers.
We have a big TV in the office.
We have a big audience tonight.
We have a big day tomorrow.
We have a big dog.
We have a big family.
We have a big flat.
We have a big game tomorrow.
We have a big garden.
We have a big job ahead of us.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
We have a big parking lot.
We have a big problem.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
We have a big supermarket.
We have a big veranda at my grandmother's house.
We have a big world map in our classroom.
We have a big yard.
We have a bigger fish to fry.
We have a bigger problem now.
We have a bigger problem than I thought.
We have a bigger problem than we thought.
We have a billy goat.
We have a birdbath in our garden.
We have a bison.
We have a bit more work to do.
We have a bit of a cash flow problem.
We have a bit of a situation here.
We have a bit of everything.
We have a bit of time now.
We have a black and a white dog.
We have a black and white dog.
We have a black dog.
We have a black donkey.
We have a book.
We have a boxing club in our school.
We have a break from 10.40 to 11.00.
We have a break from 10:40 to 11:00.
We have a brief announcement to make.
We have a bumpy road in leaving the city, followed by a fine stretch of smooth, beautiful cement highway.
We have a bunny.
We have a busy day ahead of us.
We have a busy evening ahead of us.
We have a busy schedule next week.
We have a busy week ahead of us.
We have a call for Skura.
We have a capybara.
We have a car park, but nobody really uses it.
We have a car.
We have a cash flow problem.
We have a cat and a dog.
We have a cat and a few dogs.
We have a cat and several dogs.
We have a cat and some dogs.
We have a cat and three dogs.
We have a cat, and we all adore him.
We have a cat.
We have a cat. We all love cats.
We have a cat. We are all fond of it.
We have a chance of winning.
We have a chance.
We have a chemistry class together.
We have a choice now.
We have a cold autumn this year.
We have a colleague in Australia.
We have a colleague in Spain.
We have a color television.
We have a common ancestor.
We have a common enemy.
We have a common goal.
We have a common history.
We have a community with wonderful people.
We have a company.
We have a complete set of the recordings of Beethoven's symphonies.
We have a complete set of the recordings of Beethoven’s symphonies.
We have a complication here.
We have a complication.
We have a composting toilet.
We have a conflict of interest here.
We have a congregation with terrific people.
We have a contract.
We have a conversation.
We have a cooler filled with food.
We have a couple of classes together.
We have a couple of hours before our flight.
We have a couple of job openings.
We have a cow.
We have a crisis.
We have a crucial advantage over our competitors.
We have a daughter at that school.
We have a daughter who is married to a Canadian.
We have a daughter who is married to a Frenchman.
We have a dawah program.
We have a day off school tomorrow.
We have a deadline to meet.
We have a deadline.
We have a deal, right?
We have a deal.
We have a decarbonization project.
We have a decision to make.
We have a deep connection.
We have a deficit.
We have a degree in music education.
We have a desire to be wealthy.
We have a dictionary.
We have a different value set.
We have a difficult decision to make.
We have a direct line to the president's office.
We have a direct line to the president.
We have a disadvantage here.
We have a dishwasher.
We have a dog and a cat.
We have a dog, a cat and three canaries.
We have a dog.
We have a doghouse in our backyard.
We have a door between our offices.
We have a double driveway.
We have a dove.
We have a dream to start a business.
We have a dress rehearsal tomorrow.
We have a duty not to forget history.
We have a factory in Boston.
We have a family farm in Algeria.
We have a farm.
We have a fat-screen TV in the office.
We have a few classes together.
We have a few days before Tom arrives.
We have a few guests tonight.
We have a few loose ends to tie up.
We have a few miles of portage.
We have a few more hours before Tom and Mary get here.
We have a few more hours before Tom gets here.
We have a few more minutes until the meeting starts.
We have a few packages in here.
We have a few pressing issues to deal with right now.
We have a few questions concerning Tom's medical treatment.
We have a few questions concerning Tom's options.
We have a few questions for you.
We have a few questions.
We have a few surprises in store for her.
We have a few weeks.
We have a fighting chance here.
We have a five percent chance of success.
We have a five-day work week.
We have a flat tyre.
We have a flat-screen TV in the office.
We have a foreign student coming from China next month.
We have a fractured family.
We have a freezer in the basement.
We have a friend.
We have a full schedule today.
We have a full tank of gas.
We have a gang.
We have a garbage chute.
We have a garden in front of our house.
We have a gazebo in the backyard.
We have a gig at the club tomorrow night.
We have a giraffe.
We have a give and take relationship.
We have a go for main engine start. T-minus five, four, three, two, one. Booster ignition and liftoff of Discovery, hoisting Harmony to the heavens and opening new gateways for international science. Discovery has cleared the tower.
We have a goat.
We have a goddamn lot of relatives.
We have a good chance of breaking ahead if we manage our assets carefully.
We have a good chance of winning.
We have a good crop of tomatoes this year.
We have a good government and all the people have the freedom.
We have a good group of volunteers.
We have a good heating system.
We have a good life in Algeria.
We have a good life together.
We have a good list of prospects.
We have a good negotiator on the staff.
We have a good opinion of your invention.
We have a good rapport.
We have a good reason for doing this.
We have a good relationship with Tom.
We have a good relationship.
We have a good team and everyone knows it.
We have a good team right now.
We have a good team.
We have a good view of the sea from the window.
We have a great deal of cheese.
We have a great deal to do.
We have a great group of employees.
We have a great group of parents.
We have a great idea.
We have a great opportunity.
We have a great school library.
We have a great sex life.
We have a great squad.
We have a great swim team.
We have a great team.
We have a great thing going on here.
We have a guest room.
We have a guest.
We have a half-dozen eggs.
We have a hectic week ahead of us.
We have a high percentage of Berber DNA.
We have a high regard for Professor Turner.
We have a high-class hotel.
We have a hippopotamus.
We have a history, Tom and I.
We have a holiday cottage in Denver.
We have a holiday today.
We have a homeroom meeting for ten minutes every morning.
We have a hostage situation on our hands.
We have a hostage situation.
We have a house for rent.
We have a house here.
We have a house in Boston.
We have a house in Kabylie.
We have a house in the country as well as a flat in London.
We have a house in the countryside.
We have a house.
We have a houseful of guests.
We have a huge advantage.
We have a huge amount of food.
We have a huge field in Kabylie, Algeria.
We have a huge house in Kabylie, Algeria.
We have a huge job ahead of us.
We have a huge problem. It’s the money we lack.
We have a huge problem: the lack of money.
We have a huge selection of towels.
We have a jaywalking problem.
We have a job for Tom.
We have a job to do.
We have a kanji dictation test today.
We have a kerosene cooking stove.
We have a kid.
We have a kumquat tree in our yard.
We have a lamp in case of a power cut.
We have a lamp in case there's a power cut.
We have a lamp in the event of a power cut.
We have a language and its name is Berber.
We have a large back garden.
We have a large kitchen.
We have a large library.
We have a large population of Muslims.
We have a leadership problem.
We have a leaky faucet in the kitchen.
We have a legal obligation to pay our taxes.
We have a lift and a private bath.
We have a limited number of options now.
We have a little birdhouse in our garden.
We have a little bit of everything.
We have a little problem.
We have a little surprise for you.
We have a little time before my concert.
We have a little time before the next train.
We have a little time left.
We have a little water.
We have a living room.
We have a living-room.
We have a local newspaper in our city.
We have a lockjam.
We have a long and cold winter, but we know how to enjoy it.
We have a long day ahead of us.
We have a long drive ahead of us.
We have a long driveway.
We have a long hard fight ahead of us.
We have a long history together.
We have a long journey ahead of us.
We have a long story to tell you.
We have a long trial ahead of us.
We have a long trip ahead of us.
We have a long walk ahead of us.
We have a long walk.
We have a long way left to go.
We have a long way to go.
We have a long ways to go.
We have a lot in common.
We have a lot left to talk about.
We have a lot more beer in the refrigerator.
We have a lot more food than we need.
We have a lot more in common than I realized.
We have a lot more in common than you probably think we do.
We have a lot more milk in the fridge.
We have a lot more milk in the refrigerator.
We have a lot more power than we think.
We have a lot more power than you might think.
We have a lot more strength than we think.
We have a lot more stuff to do.
We have a lot more supply than demand.
We have a lot more that we need to do.
We have a lot more things to do.
We have a lot more to do before we can go home.
We have a lot more to do, so we don't have time to take a break.
We have a lot more to do.
We have a lot more to talk about.
We have a lot more we need to achieve.
We have a lot more we need to do.
We have a lot more work to do before we can go home.
We have a lot more work to do.
We have a lot of English books in the library.
We have a lot of assignments for the summer vacation.
We have a lot of bread. In terms of butter, we have more than enough.
We have a lot of catching up to do.
We have a lot of children's books in the library.
We have a lot of children’s books in the library.
We have a lot of clothes hanging in the closet.
We have a lot of competition now.
We have a lot of competitors.
We have a lot of confidence in Tom.
We have a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
We have a lot of equipment that no one knows how to use.
We have a lot of experience doing this.
We have a lot of experience in computers.
We have a lot of expertise in this area.
We have a lot of food in the fridge.
We have a lot of food.
We have a lot of free time this week.
We have a lot of free time.
We have a lot of friends in common.
We have a lot of friends who are going to help.
We have a lot of friends.
We have a lot of fun chatting.
We have a lot of fun together.
We have a lot of fun.
We have a lot of good people on our team.
We have a lot of good people working here.
We have a lot of good restaurants here in Boston.
We have a lot of good teachers at our school.
We have a lot of good teachers working here.
We have a lot of great guys on our team.
We have a lot of ground to cover.
We have a lot of guests.
We have a lot of hard work ahead of us.
We have a lot of homework to do.
We have a lot of homework.
We have a lot of ideas, but we have to prioritize them. There isn't too much time.
We have a lot of important things to do.
We have a lot of libraries in our city.
We have a lot of mashed potatoes.
We have a lot of money.
We have a lot of moorhens in our pond.
We have a lot of museums.
We have a lot of mutual friends.
We have a lot of options.
We have a lot of other places we want to see.
We have a lot of other things we need to buy.
We have a lot of other things we should be doing.
We have a lot of planning to do.
We have a lot of problems to deal with.
We have a lot of rain in July.
We have a lot of rain in June and July.
We have a lot of rain in June.
We have a lot of reasons why we don't want to do that.
We have a lot of regular customers.
We have a lot of relatives.
We have a lot of room for improvement.
We have a lot of room.
We have a lot of smart people working for us.
We have a lot of snow at this time of the year.
We have a lot of snow here in the winter.
We have a lot of snow here in winter.
We have a lot of snow in February.
We have a lot of snow in the winter.
We have a lot of social problems to think about today.
We have a lot of stuff cooking.
We have a lot of stuff to do.
We have a lot of sympathies in common.
We have a lot of talent here.
We have a lot of them.
We have a lot of things in common.
We have a lot of things that need to be done.
We have a lot of things to choose among.
We have a lot of things to consider.
We have a lot of things to do today.
We have a lot of things to do, so let's get started.
We have a lot of things to do.
We have a lot of things to talk about.
We have a lot of things to worry about.
We have a lot of things we need to buy.
We have a lot of things we need to discuss.
We have a lot of things we need to do today.
We have a lot of things we need to do.
We have a lot of time to think about it.
We have a lot of time.
We have a lot of traffic in this area.
We have a lot of trouble.
We have a lot of very fine days in October.
We have a lot of water.
We have a lot of weapons.
We have a lot of work ahead of us.
We have a lot of work left to do.
We have a lot of work to do before that happens.
We have a lot of work to do before we can go home.
We have a lot of work to do today.
We have a lot of work to do yet.
We have a lot of work to do!
We have a lot of work to do.
We have a lot of yellow-rumped warblers here in winter.
We have a lot on our schedule.
We have a lot things on sale today.
We have a lot to be grateful for.
We have a lot to celebrate.
We have a lot to consider.
We have a lot to discuss.
We have a lot to do and not much time.
We have a lot to do.
We have a lot to learn about space and time!
We have a lot to learn from each other.
We have a lot to learn from other cultures.
We have a lot to learn today.
We have a lot to learn.
We have a lot to live up to.
We have a lot to look forward to in this coming year.
We have a lot to lose.
We have a lot to offer each other.
We have a lot to offer.
We have a lot to talk about right now.
We have a lot to talk about, you and I.
We have a lot to talk about.
We have a lot to worry about.
We have a low tide approximately every six hours.
We have a magnificent view of the ocean from our hotel room.
We have a majority interest in the company.
We have a map.
We have a margin of just five minutes to change trains.
We have a maths test tomorrow.
We have a medical emergency.
We have a meeting planned for the Monday after next.
We have a meeting room in the second floor and another one in the third floor.
We have a meeting the first Monday of each month.
We have a meeting this afternoon at 2:30.
We have a meeting this afternoon.
We have a meeting to get to.
We have a meeting today at 2:30. It'll be a short one.
We have a meeting today.
We have a meeting tomorrow.
We have a meeting with the director.
We have a meeting.
We have a mess to deal with.
We have a mild winter this year.
We have a minimum order value of ten euros.
We have a minute and a half left.
We have a mission to accomplish.
We have a modest house.
We have a month to learn all these songs.
We have a moon that is not at all in keeping with a planet of our size. Only a planet like Jupiter would be expected to have a moon like Earth's.
We have a moral responsibility to act.
We have a mosque in the town.
We have a mutual friend.
We have a natural desire to want to help others.
We have a new bus driver.
We have a new coach and some new players.
We have a new head coach.
We have a new house.
We have a new leader.
We have a new neighbor.
We have a new neighbour.
We have a new pope.
We have a new problem.
We have a new puppy. He is about 12 weeks old.
We have a new student joining our class today.
We have a nice group of kids here.
We have a nice house.
We have a nice love story about ourselves.
We have a nice school library.
We have a no "'no swearing' policy" policy.
We have a number of competitors.
We have a package for them.
We have a package here for Tom.
We have a package here for them.
We have a parking lot for customers.
We have a parking lot for the customers.
We have a party this evening.
We have a party tomorrow evening.
We have a party tonight.
We have a passion for crime stories.
We have a pet.
We have a piano at home.
We have a pigeon.
We have a pile of books to read.
We have a place for you to live.
We have a place to stay.
We have a plan already.
We have a plan now.
We have a plan.
We have a plane to catch.
We have a plant in Boston.
We have a plant that ships 44,000 pounds of boned pork to Japan, either every week or every other week.
We have a platypus.
We have a plentiful supply of water.
We have a poet.
We have a pool.
We have a pope!
We have a pope.
We have a post in the middle of our yard that we chain our dog to.
We have a president.
We have a pretrial conference.
We have a prisoner.
We have a problem here.
We have a problem that has to be solved.
We have a problem that needs to be solved.
We have a problem that we need to talk about.
We have a problem to solve.
We have a problem we need to discuss.
We have a problem with that.
We have a problem, Tom.
We have a problem.
We have a problem. There are kids inside that building.
We have a program to replant trees in areas where the forest is damaged or destroyed.
We have a property in Kabylie.
We have a property worth two hundred thousand euros.
We have a queen named Dihya.
We have a question.
We have a rabbit.
We have a rat infestation. Everyone is busy trying to hunt the rats down.
We have a rat problem.
We have a rather vexing problem.
We have a real problem here.
We have a real, deadly public health crisis on our hands, and Donald Trump is more concerned about statues and relics of the Confederacy and slavery than he is the survival of the American people.
We have a really good cook.
We have a really loyal customer base.
We have a recommendation.
We have a relationship.
We have a reliable supplier in Algeria.
We have a reporter on the ground in Gaza.
We have a reservation for six-thirty.
We have a reservation.
We have a responsibility to do whatever we can to help them.
We have a restaurant.
We have a rich historical heritage.
We have a right to defend ourselves.
We have a right to demand a safe future for ourselves and future generations.
We have a right to know.
We have a right to live wherever we want to.
We have a right to privacy.
We have a right to work here.
We have a roof over our heads.
We have a saying to the effect that a good neighbor is better than a faraway relative.
We have a schedule to keep.
We have a school holiday tomorrow.
We have a score to settle.
We have a search warrant.
We have a secret weapon.
We have a security breach.
We have a sense of honor.
We have a serious problem here.
We have a serious problem on our hands.
We have a serious problem.
We have a serious situation on our hands.
We have a severe winter this year.
We have a sexual predator on the loose.
We have a sheep pig.
We have a short driveway.
We have a shortage.
We have a signed agreement.
We have a signed divorce agreement.
We have a signed statement.
We have a similar predicament.
We have a similar sense of humor.
We have a simple but spacious flat in the historical centre of town.
We have a simple philosophy.
We have a simple solution for all this.
We have a single for 50 dollars per night.
We have a situation here.
We have a situation on our hands.
We have a situation.
We have a slight problem here.
We have a slight problem.
We have a small backyard.
We have a small chance of winning.
We have a small chance to win.
We have a small house.
We have a small ridge of high pressure at the moment.
We have a small table in the kitchen.
We have a small vegetable garden behind our house.
We have a small vegetable garden.
We have a soccer tournament in May.
We have a solid team.
We have a son and a daughter.
We have a son who's just turned three.
We have a son.
We have a spare room.
We have a special bond.
We have a special connection.
We have a special offer for you.
We have a special surprise for you guys!
We have a spelling test every Monday.
We have a square table.
We have a staff meeting once a month.
We have a stegosaurus.
We have a stock of toilet paper.
We have a stop for half an hour in Paris.
We have a stressful day ahead of us.
We have a strong baseball team.
We have a strong marriage.
We have a strong team.
We have a substantial stake in the venture.
We have a supplier in Algeria.
We have a surplus of food.
We have a surplus.
We have a surprise for them.
We have a surprise for you.
We have a surprise.
We have a table in the kitchen.
We have a tea break at five o'clock.
We have a termite problem that needs to be taken care of.
We have a termite problem that we need to do something about.
We have a test today.
We have a test tomorrow.
We have a theory.
We have a thief here among us.
We have a thirty-minute lunch break.
We have a three-day weekend next week.
We have a three-game lead.
We have a three-month-old baby.
We have a tight schedule.
We have a train to catch.
We have a traitor among us.
We have a trash chute.
We have a tremendous cash flow problem.
We have a two-car garage.
We have a unique bond.
We have a vaccine.
We have a vegetable garden behind our house.
We have a very clear opinion on that matter.
We have a very complicated situation here.
We have a very famous Jew as a guest.
We have a very good boss.
We have a very good chef.
We have a very good team, so we have every reason to be optimistic.
We have a very important decision to make.
We have a very limited stock.
We have a very multicultural mosque.
We have a very serious problem here.
We have a very serious problem.
We have a very small, ordinary house.
We have a very small, plain house.
We have a very strong community.
We have a very strong relationship.
We have a very tight schedule.
We have a very trusting relationship.
We have a very vigorous screening procedure for new recruits.
We have a victor.
We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
We have a visitor this afternoon.
We have a visitor.
We have a warrant for your arrest.
We have a warrant to search your apartment.
We have a warrant to search your home.
We have a warrant to search your house.
We have a warrant to search your property.
We have a warrant.
We have a washing machine in the basement.
We have a water outage.
We have a ways to go.
We have a wealth of options.
We have a website.
We have a week to fix it.
We have a weekly test in French class.
We have a white cat.
We have a white puppy.
We have a wide choice of books.
We have a wide choice of fruits at the supermarket.
We have a wide selection of fruit and vegetables in our shop.
We have a witness.
We have a word for it in Berber.
We have a word for that in Berber.
We have a yacht, two helicopters, and a seaplane.
We have about 300 employees.
We have about nine students.
We have about thirty bottles of wine in the cellar.
We have about thirty cans of beans in the cellar.
We have about thirty jars of pickles in the cellar.
We have absolute proof that smoking is bad for your health.
We have absolutely nothing in common.
We have absolutely nothing to gain.
We have absolutely nothing to lose.
We have absolutely nothing.
We have accepted his invitation.
We have achieved a lot.
We have achieved all our aims.
We have achieved great successes.
We have added greater 64-bit server support.
We have adequate inventories of the product to meet local demand.
We have advantages that our parents didn't have.
We have agreed on everything.
We have agreed on the rate of discount.
We have agreed to continue the negotiations.
We have air support.
We have all been caught outside in a rainstorm.
We have all been praying, but sadly it looks like not much hope of their survival.
We have all been praying.
We have all been talking about tomorrow; now let's come down to earth and talk about today.
We have all been talking about tomorrow; now let’s come down to earth and talk about today.
We have all caught Covid.
We have all contracted Covid.
We have all day to finish doing that.
We have all fallen ill with Covid.
We have all kinds of things going on.
We have all kinds of time.
We have all night.
We have all of the proof we need.
We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.
We have all sorts of time left.
We have all the details.
We have all the evidence against you we need.
We have all the evidence we need.
We have all the information we need.
We have all the information.
We have all the time in the world.
We have all the time we need.
We have all we need for now.
We have all we need.
We have almost 300 employees.
We have almost finished our work.
We have almost no chance of getting that done on time.
We have almost no chance of winning.
We have almost no water left.
We have almost the same climate here as they do in Boston.
We have almost three more hours before we have to leave.
We have already been warned that utility rates will rise.
We have already called the cops.
We have already clarified this with you.
We have already collected a lot of stupid sentences.
We have already explored this.
We have already finished our dinner.
We have already forgiven you.
We have already glimpsed the city through the valleys where we used to hunt, and we know the whole course of the river.
We have already gone to the moon.
We have already learned English.
We have already left.
We have already passed the peak of the summer heat, but it's still hot during the day.
We have already reached an agreement.
We have already seen this film.
We have already sent rockets and probes to Mars.
We have already visited the US.
We have already won this battle.
We have also told the state government to restore peace and public order in order to create conditions congenial to a dialogue process.
We have always been friends.
We have always treated Walid like our son.
We have ambitious plans.
We have ample food.
We have ample funds in hand.
We have ample time to catch our train.
We have an Algerian imam.
We have an English class today.
We have an English exam tomorrow.
We have an English test in the afternoon.
We have an English test this afternoon.
We have an abundance of bread, but a shortage of wine.
We have an abundance of milk.
We have an abundance of plant life here.
We have an account with the bank.
We have an addition to the family.
We have an adopted son who will participate in downhill skiing for the first time at the Winter Olympics next year.
We have an advantage.
We have an agreement, don't we?
We have an agreement.
We have an animal mind and a rational mind, and the animal mind is the one with the operating system installed on it.
We have an announcement to make.
We have an answer.
We have an apartment near the station.
We have an apple.
We have an appointment with the decorator.
We have an appointment with the director.
We have an appointment.
We have an audience.
We have an economic interest in denying robot rights.
We have an elegant solution.
We have an elevator and a private bath.
We have an elevator and a private bathroom.
We have an elevator in our new house.
We have an emergency in room 17.
We have an emergency.
We have an epidemic.
We have an exam tomorrow.
We have an examination in English today.
We have an extraordinary design team.
We have an extreme amount of respect for him.
We have an eyewitness.
We have an hour's recess for lunch from twelve to one.
We have an hour’s recess for lunch from twelve to one.
We have an idea.
We have an iguana.
We have an image to protect.
We have an important decision to make.
We have an important exam next week.
We have an important job to do here.
We have an important matter to discuss.
We have an important meeting next week to prepare for.
We have an incredible North Atlantic salmon.
We have an interesting book in German.
We have an interesting example.
We have an intertwined history, some of which is painful and some of which is prideful and all of which we must acknowledge, teach and never forget.
We have an obesity problem in this country.
We have an obligation to do it.
We have an obligation to do our best.
We have an obligation to do that.
We have an obligation to try.
We have an offer for you.
We have an office located in downtown Boston.
We have an old house in Kabylie, Algeria.
We have an old pendulum clock.
We have an old teacher.
We have an open relationship.
We have an opening at two o'clock.
We have an opening at two o’clock.
We have an orange tree.
We have an orchard at our farmhouse.
We have an oversupply of clothing.
We have an understanding.
We have an unscheduled stop.
We have an unusual relationship.
We have an upstairs bathroom, too.
We have an urgent need for blankets.
We have an urgent need for those items.
We have announced our affair.
We have another TV in the attic.
We have another decision to make.
We have another lead.
We have another problem as well.
We have another school in Kabylie.
We have another ten miles to walk before sunset.
We have another test after this one.
We have ants in the kitchen.
We have ants in the kitchen. We need to call an exterminator.
We have anxiety.
We have approved it.
We have arranged a way to signal with our candles and cardboard. We set the candle on the window sill and make flashes by passing the cardboard back and forth. So many flashes mean a certain thing.
We have arrived safe and sound.
We have arrived!
We have arrived.
We have asked you repeatedly to settle your outstanding account for the invoice No.1111.
We have at least four weeks to meet with our constituents and investigate this issue, don’t we?
We have at least some time.
We have at least three options.
We have avenged Hector.
We have bad eyesight.
We have bad news for them.
We have balloons.
We have ballroom dancing every Monday.
We have bananas.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
We have beans there for good.
We have beautiful flowers in the garden.
We have become accustomed to the cold.
We have become an intolerant, inward-looking society.
We have been accounted as sheep for slaughtering.
We have been apart for many months.
We have been assigned the large classroom.
We have been burnt and tanned and they have added infamy to us.
We have been busy all month.
We have been completely cornered.
We have been created.
We have been dating actors.
We have been dating actresses.
We have been dating for only a few days.
We have been dating for three months.
We have been disconnected.
We have been discussing minor matters; it's high time we began talking turkey.
We have been discussing minor matters; it’s high time we began talking turkey.
We have been driven into exile.
We have been enjoying peace for more than 40 years.
We have been fighting for this for a very long time.
We have been friends ever since.
We have been friends since kindergarten.
We have been friends.
We have been given a property to build a permanent mosque.
We have been good friends for a long time.
We have been good friends for ten years.
We have been having a lot of jackals popping up in the area.
We have been having awful weather.
We have been here all our lives.
We have been here for a long time.
We have been here for three days.
We have been here for three weeks.
We have been here for two days.
We have been in Paris.
We have been instructed to escort you to the airport.
We have been invited to dinner this evening.
We have been keeping this a secret.
We have been learning English for three years.
We have been like brothers.
We have been married for three years.
We have been married for two years.
We have been on bad terms with each other for a long time.
We have been patient for quite a while.
We have been practicing all morning.
We have been practicing tennis for years.
We have been practicing that play all day and we nailed it.
We have been reticent, or maybe just slow, or maybe we’ve denied the changes that are going on. And so we’ve been slow to react to them. We haven’t been proactive. We’ve been reactive.
We have been sent on a covert mission.
We have been sleeping during all Ramadhan time.
We have been speaking against the persistent callous attacks in the country.
We have been squeezed but not smashed. We have been baffled but not desperate.
We have been struck by lightning three times.
We have been studying English for three years now.
We have been studying English for three years.
We have been studying French for three years.
We have been telling the truth from the beginning.
We have been to Kabylie.
We have been to Tokyo many times.
We have been to see her off.
We have been to see the exhibition.
We have been together for a long time.
We have been together for a year.
We have been traveling for weeks.
We have been up all night.
We have been using this insecticide for two years.
We have been visited by a nation-wide economic boom.
We have been waiting for Tom for many years.
We have been waiting for a long time.
We have been waiting for an hour and the snake has barely moved.
We have been waiting for hours for you to arrive.
We have been waiting for the rain to fall.
We have been waiting here for hours.
We have been wandering around downtown while people are working.
We have been watching your negotiations.
We have been wishing for our remote village to be supplied with natural gas for many years, and our hopes were not dashed.
We have been working hard on this project.
We have before us the opportunity to forge for ourselves and for future generations a new world order, a world where the rule of law, not the law of the jungle, governs the conduct of nations.
We have begun our slow collapse into barbarism.
We have better stuff to do.
We have better things to do with our time.
We have better things to do.
We have better weapons than the enemy does.
We have better weather today.
We have big plans for you.
We have bigger fish to fry.
We have bigger problems at the moment.
We have bigger problems that need to be taken care of right away.
We have bigger problems to deal with.
We have bigger problems to worry about.
We have bigger problems.
We have bigger things to worry about.
We have bills that need to be paid.
We have blankets.
We have blouses of cotton or silk.
We have boots in green, blue and yellow.
We have both a cat and a dog.
We have both cats and dogs.
We have both pink and regular lemonade.
We have both tried, and we have both failed.
We have boys and girls.
We have branches everywhere.
We have bread and eggs for breakfast.
We have breakfast at 6.30.
We have breakfast at eight.
We have breakfast at half past six.
We have breakfast at seven.
We have breakfast in the kitchen.
We have breakfast in the morning.
We have broad shoulders.
We have broken off relations with them.
We have brought something new.
We have built a house.
We have burnt our olive trees.
We have business to discuss.
We have called child protective services.
We have canned food here.
We have captured one of their spies.
We have carried on a correspondence for years.
We have cash.
We have cats.
We have changed a lot since secondary school.
We have changed the way we do things.
We have changed.
We have checked.
We have children.
We have choir practice every Monday.
We have choir rehearsal tonight.
We have choir rehearsals every day this week.
We have cleaned up Liza's yard.
We have closed out this year's model.
We have closed out this year’s model.
We have collected only ripe fruit.
We have come a long way.
We have come to Algeria.
We have come to an arrangement with the dealer about the price.
We have come to invite you to dinner.
We have come to know what is going on in the world faster and faster.
We have come to meet you.
We have come to our senses.
We have come to pay you a visit.
We have come to the clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. Necessitous men are not free men. People who are hungry and out of job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.
We have come to the conclusion that this plan is not feasible currently.
We have common interests.
We have common tastes.
We have company.
We have complete confidence in Tom.
We have completely different personalities.
We have completely different values and interests.
We have completely different ways of communicating and of thinking about the world.
We have completely outstripped the other companies.
We have confidence in Tom.
We have conflicting opinions on the matter.
We have considered your proposal, and we have decided that we are not able to reduce the price.
We have consumed all the natural resources.
We have contributed to the wrong that is about to take place.
We have convinced him.
We have corresponded with each other.
We have counted most of the votes.
We have crossed thousands of kilometers, but Algeria is still far away.
We have cut back production by 20%.
We have dairy cows in Algeria.
We have daisies, white and yellow, but only in bouquets.
We have dances here once a month.
We have dances on Saturday evening.
We have deadlines.
We have dealt with this store for 16 years.
We have decayed teeth.
We have decided on leaving this town tomorrow morning.
We have decided to adopt your idea.
We have decided to climb Mt. Fuji this summer.
We have decided to leave our daughter to herself after she left school.
We have decided to meet up downtown and go.
We have decided to stay here for the time being.
We have decisions to make.
We have dedicated our lives to the Berber cause.
We have deluded ourselves into thinking that.
We have detected an abnormality on your x-ray.
We have different approaches, and that's okay.
We have different color eyes.
We have different eye colours.
We have different goals.
We have different ideas about whether or not our club should celebrate a picnic this month.
We have different lists.
We have different needs.
We have different opinions on the matter.
We have different opinions.
We have different points of view.
We have different priorities.
We have different strengths.
We have different tastes.
We have different values.
We have different views on life.
We have different views.
We have different ways of thinking with regard to this issue.
We have different ways of thinking.
We have dinner at seven o'clock, and then we go out to the garden to breathe before going to bed.
We have dinner at seven.
We have dinner every day at eight o'clock.
We have dinner on the boat.
We have dinner together.
We have direct access to the information.
We have disappeared.
We have discovered a great novelty.
We have discovered that the monsters are emerging from open manholes.
We have discussed the problem several times but to no avail.
We have done a good deed.
We have done it before and we can do it again bonded by our common love for our country, resolute in our determination to overcome the challenges that lie ahead and convinced that by working together we will build the fair and just, and decent society to which Nelson Mandela dedicated his life.
We have done nothing.
We have done this.
We have done what we can.
We have driven around for an hour trying to find the hotel.
We have drunk too many shots already.
We have each other.
We have earplugs.
We have eat three times per day: breakfast, lunch and dinner.
We have eaten eggs.
We have eaten no meat for several days.
We have eaten there three times.
We have eaten.
We have eggs.
We have eight granddaughters.
We have eight grandkids.
We have eight grandsons.
We have elected him chairman of the meeting.
We have elections in Algeria.
We have endured a lot, it's time to free ourselves now.
We have enjoyed peace for more than 40 years.
We have enjoyed peace for more than forty years.
We have enough already.
We have enough bathrooms that we can provide facilities that give every patron one of three options: men, women, or gender-neutral.
We have enough data.
We have enough food now.
We have enough food.
We have enough for more.
We have enough lemonade already.
We have enough lemonade.
We have enough money to buy one more bottle of wine.
We have enough money to buy this CD.
We have enough money to pay for the hotel.
We have enough money.
We have enough of words, we strive for action and consequences.
We have enough on our plate at the office.
We have enough room for everyone.
We have enough room in here for thirty people.
We have enough seats for everyone.
We have enough supplies to last three months.
We have enough time to catch the train.
We have enough time to eat.
We have enough time tonight.
We have enough time.
We have enough to eat.
We have enough to worry about.
We have enough water.
We have enough.
We have entreated Pan (whose statue stands beneath yonder pine, and whom you have never honoured even with a bunch of flowers) to succour Chloe, for he is more used to warfare than we are, and has often quitted his groves to join in the fray.
We have equality.
We have equipped our office with computers.
We have erected thirty benches on the walking trails around our village.
We have established contact.
We have established friendly relations with the new government of that country.
We have established the institute with a view to facilitating the research.
We have every advantage over them.
We have every intention of doing that.
We have every reason to be hopeful.
We have every reason to believe him innocent.
We have every reason to stay hopeful about this year's future encouraging prospects.
We have everything here that we need.
We have everything in order.
We have everything that we need to survive.
We have everything that we need.
We have everything to gain.
We have everything under control.
We have everything we need already.
We have everything we need for a barbecue.
We have everything we need for a picnic.
We have everything we need here.
We have everything we need now.
We have everything we need to get this job done.
We have everything we need to succeed.
We have everything we need to survive.
We have everything we need.
We have everything we need: money, time, and brains.
We have everything we want.
We have everything you need now.
We have everything.
We have evidence that Tom and Mary were behind it.
We have evidence that Tom was behind it.
We have evidence that all this is true.
We have evidence to suggest that maybe Tom and Mary were involved.
We have evidence to suggest that maybe Tom was involved.
We have exams right after summer vacation.
We have exams straight after the summer holidays.
We have exchanged views on all areas of union activity.
We have exclusive rights to Tom's invention.
We have experience.
We have experienced many changes over the last decade.
We have experienced three wars.
We have explained that HTML is, as a basic rule, elements marked up with open and close tags.
We have explored Algeria.
We have extra toothbrushes.
We have extracurricular activities after school.
We have eyewitnesses.
We have failed miserably.
We have failed.
We have fainted.
We have faith in Tom.
We have faith in falsehoods.
We have faith in him alone.
We have faith in you.
We have families we have to take care of.
We have far better things to do with our time.
We have far more to fear from a functional dictatorship than from one in disarray.
We have far too many meetings.
We have far too much work to do.
We have fear of the future.
We have few occasions in life to be witness to extraordinary history.
We have few opportunities to speak French.
We have few opportunities to speak German.
We have finished lunch.
We have finished most of our assignment. But having said that, we are far from done.
We have finished talking about the exercise.
We have finished the work for today.
We have finished the work in accordance with her instructions.
We have finished.
We have fish for dinner every Friday.
We have fish for dinner today.
We have fish for lunch.
We have five English classes a week.
We have five English lessons a week.
We have five cats.
We have five classes every day except Saturday.
We have five days to go before the holidays.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
We have five fingers on each hand.
We have five granddaughters.
We have five kinds of kebab.
We have fixed our fees for the next three years.
We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.
We have food in abundance.
We have food.
We have for music but a single reed which our two pairs of lips must play on by turns—for crown, only one garland to bind my hair after I have put it on your forehead.
We have forgotten everything.
We have forgotten to sign up!
We have forty-five.
We have forty-four guests.
We have found an anomaly in the earth's crust.
We have found another way through the forest.
We have found him of whom Moses in the law and also the prophets wrote, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
We have found the Messiah.
We have four French classes a week.
We have four French lessons a week.
We have four bedrooms upstairs.
We have four classes in the morning.
We have four grandchildren.
We have four graphs about China we want to show you.
We have four hours of lessons during the morning.
We have four lessons of French each week.
We have four lists of Berber adjectives.
We have four rabbits, and one of them bites.
We have four seasons in Japan.
We have franchises in every major city.
We have freed you from a great anxiety.
We have freedom of speech and freedom of thought, but the former is exercised much more than the latter.
We have freedom of speech.
We have freedom.
We have fried goose with potatoes.
We have friendly relations with them.
We have friendly, qualified and experienced teachers working.
We have friends coming over this evening.
We have friends in common.
We have friends.
We have fruit.
We have full reason to believe that it is true.
We have fun here, right?
We have fun here.
We have fun together.
We have fun with numerous hobbies.
We have gained a wealth of knowledge from designing ships.
We have gained weight.
We have gas heating.
We have geography and maths tomorrow.
We have given Edgar Degas a voice that we hope suits him.
We have given careful thought to both alternatives.
We have given the failure of our calculations the title of "chance".
We have given up hope.
We have given you sixty seconds to get out of here.
We have given your order highest priority.
We have gone crazy.
We have gone fishing, after John came.
We have gone fishing, after eating.
We have gone fishing, after the rain subsided.
We have gone fishing, before the rain subsides.
We have gone fishing, when the water in the river is big.
We have gone out of town for the weekend.
We have good chemistry.
We have good eyesight.
We have good jobs.
We have good news!
We have good news.
We have good people working for us.
We have good teammates.
We have got a Stegosaurus.
We have got a lot of practising to do.
We have got no identity card.
We have got plans.
We have got so much money.
We have got to get him to take that project seriously.
We have got to go straight to school.
We have got to know each other.
We have got to offer value for money.
We have got two daughters and two sons.
We have got used to that noise.
We have got used to the cold.
We have gotten used to that noise.
We have grandchildren.
We have great admiration for them.
We have great chemistry.
We have great cooks here.
We have great deals on furniture.
We have great hopes for you.
We have great kids.
We have great news.
We have great plans for Tom.
We have great teachers here.
We have guests over.
We have guests this evening.
We have guests.
We have guided missiles and misguided men.
We have guns in the house.
We have guns.
We have had a bad time.
We have had a great day.
We have had a hand in the injustice that will occur.
We have had a heavy crop this year.
We have had a little rain this summer.
We have had a long spell of cold weather.
We have had a long spell of hot weather.
We have had a lot of rain this summer.
We have had a lot of snow and I am very happy.
We have had a lot of snow this winter.
We have had a lot of thunder this summer.
We have had bad weather recently.
We have had clear weather all week.
We have had difficulty reaching you by phone.
We have had enough of empty words.
We have had enough of rain.
We have had enough.
We have had few typhoons this autumn.
We have had fine weather this week.
We have had little rain this summer.
We have had little snow this winter.
We have had little snow this year.
We have had lots of typhoons this fall.
We have had more rain this year than last year.
We have had more snow than usual this winter.
We have had much rain this summer.
We have had no combat training.
We have had people going missing in the area for quite some time.
We have had plenty of rain this year.
We have had plenty of snow this year.
We have had so much fun.
We have had some success.
We have had such a successful promotion effort that even that much would suffice us.
We have had too many shots already.
We have half a dozen eggs.
We have half-a-dozen eggs.
We have hard jobs.
We have hard water.
We have hatred among ourselves.
We have heard of your success in the exam.
We have heathers in many different varieties.
We have helped them.
We have her!
We have high expectations.
We have high hopes that things will change.
We have highways that we need to build.
We have him!
We have his.
We have homework.
We have honor.
We have hope for a better future.
We have hope.
We have horses.
We have hundreds of records in stock.
We have hurried to not get late for the concert.
We have ice cream. Do you want some?
We have illustrated the story with pictures.
We have important issues to discuss.
We have important matters to discuss.
We have important work to do.
We have in this past year made great progress in ending the long era of conflict and cold war.
We have information for Tom.
We have information for them.
We have information that suggests that Tom may have known his attacker.
We have inherited the gift of music from animals such as insects and birds.
We have injuries.
We have investigated his criminal record.
We have invited our new neighbours for a drink.
We have irrefutable evidence of her guilt.
We have irrefutable evidence of his guilt.
We have isolated one patient from the rest.
We have issues we have to deal with.
We have issues.
We have it all on tape.
We have it all straightened out.
We have it all.
We have it in Croatia too.
We have it in your size, but not in that colour.
We have it on good authority.
We have it on order and it should be in next week.
We have it!
We have jobs.
We have joint custody.
We have jurisdiction here.
We have just a few more questions.
We have just a tiny bit of garden.
We have just arrived at the school.
We have just arrived in Algeria.
We have just begun our search of the underworld.
We have just begun to enter the world of darkness.
We have just bought two pieces of furniture.
We have just cleaned the lavatory.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
We have just enough to live.
We have just finished secondary school.
We have just gotten to first base.
We have just moved to Kabylie.
We have just over 300 employees.
We have just over a week left.
We have just read the book.
We have just received a new model.
We have just received an inquiry from Kansas concerning your brother.
We have just returned from a trip around the world.
We have just returned from shopping.
We have just said what we thought.
We have just solved it.
We have kept in constant touch for twenty years.
We have kids that need help.
We have kids we can't feed.
We have kids.
We have known Paul for a long time.
We have known each other for a long time.
We have known each other for many years now.
We have known each other for many years.
We have known each other for years.
We have known each other since childhood.
We have known each other since we were children.
We have known for millennia that the change in us, in our evolutionary future, needs to make us better people, kinder to our neighbors, more sensitive to beauty and capable of distributing justice.
We have known her for years.
We have large sizes, but unfortunately not in that color.
We have large, medium, and small. What size do you want?
We have learned from them.
We have learned how it works.
We have learned much about Mars.
We have learned much about survival from lower forms of animal life.
We have learned so much about Islam.
We have learnt at school that the Portuguese explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral discovered Brazil.
We have left nothing out of our book.
We have left our umbrellas on the bus.
We have left undone what we ought to have done.
We have leftovers.
We have lent our shoulder to the bites so much that we no longer feel the chapped skin.
We have less snow here than usual.
We have less snow than usual.
We have less than an hour.
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.
We have less than thirty minutes to go.
We have less than three hours left.
We have less than three hours.
We have less than three minutes before the movie starts.
We have less than three minutes left.
We have less than two hours until our plane leaves.
We have less than two hours until the deadline.
We have less than two hours.
We have let the fox in the hen house.
We have limitations on our actions in society.
We have limited resources.
We have limited space.
We have little chance of winning.
We have little money available for the research.
We have little opportunity to use English.
We have little snow here even in the winter.
We have little snow here.
We have little time and a lot to do.
We have little time as it is.
We have little time to deal with the issues of climate, energy and biodiversity.
We have little time to waste.
We have lived a full life.
We have lived a lot.
We have lived and seen many things.
We have lived in Algeria for many decades.
We have lived in Boston for three years.
We have lived in Osaka six years.
We have lived in Tokyo for six years.
We have lived in the U.S. for ten years now.
We have lived in the same apartment for ten years.
We have lived in this town for five years.
We have lived in this town since 1960.
We have lobster in Boston, but I definitely like this more!
We have lobsters only on special occasions.
We have located Tom.
We have lofty ambitions for this project.
We have lofty expectations.
We have looked through your letter carefully.
We have lost a battle, but we will win the war.
We have lost control of the robots!
We have lost our heads.
We have lost our minds.
We have lost sight of him.
We have lost.
We have lots and lots of time.
We have lots of bread, and as for butter, we have more than enough.
We have lots of catching up to do.
We have lots of customers.
We have lots of important things to do.
We have lots of new stuff.
We have lots of other things to do.
We have lots of other things to drink.
We have lots of questions, too.
We have lots of racists here.
We have lots of room.
We have lots of snow in the winter.
We have lots of things to do.
We have lots of time to do that.
We have lots of time.
We have lots of water, but it isn't drinkable.
We have lots of work to do.
We have lots to boast about.
We have lots to do.
We have lunch about noon.
We have lunch at about noon.
We have lunch at midday.
We have lunch at noon every day.
We have lunch at noon, usually.
We have lunch at noon.
We have lunch at two and dinner at eight. Please don't be late.
We have lunch break between 12.30 and 1.30.
We have made an effort to quote our most competitive price.
We have made friends with Tom.
We have made friends with him.
We have made him cry.
We have made many mistakes.
We have made numerous improvements to our house since we bought it.
We have made our decision.
We have made several failed attempts at foresting the local landfill.
We have made up our minds to fight it out.
We have made use of the laboratory.
We have managed to overcome the first obstacle.
We have many Japanese sentences by native Japanese speakers that still need Russian translations.
We have many Muslim friends.
We have many clothes to put in the suitcase.
We have many competitors.
We have many customers in the summer.
We have many different varieties of heathers.
We have many difficulties before us.
We have many employees who can speak French well.
We have many friends to visit in Boston.
We have many friends to visit in Tokyo.
We have many friends.
We have many goals.
We have many good friends.
We have many members.
We have many purchases to make.
We have many questions about that.
We have many rainy days in June.
We have many reasons to be hopeful.
We have many reasons to be proud of our country.
We have many reasons to be proud of our team.
We have many schools.
We have many things in common.
We have many things in common: hobbies, educational background, and so on.
We have many things in common: hobbies, educational backgrounds, for instance.
We have many things to be grateful for.
We have many things to be thankful for.
We have many things to consider.
We have many things we want to do.
We have many varieties of coffee.
We have married each other for generations.
We have mass tourism in France.
We have matured.
We have medicine for you.
We have medicines to make women speak; we have none to make them silent.
We have meetings every Monday afternoon.
We have meetings every Monday.
We have men.
We have mice.
We have milk.
We have milkweed growing in our backyard.
We have missed our train.
We have missed them.
We have missed this.
We have missed you.
We have mites that came into this country in the mid-1980s. They are very stressful to bees.
We have money.
We have more apples than we could eat in a day.
We have more customers than we can count.
We have more immediate concerns.
We have more important matters to discuss right now.
We have more important matters to discuss.
We have more important things that need to be dealt with.
We have more important things that need to be taken care of.
We have more important things to deal with.
We have more important things to discuss.
We have more important things to do right now.
We have more important things to do today.
We have more important things to do.
We have more important things to think about.
We have more important things we need to discuss.
We have more in common than I expected.
We have more in common than I first thought.
We have more in common than I thought.
We have more in common than can be seen at first sight.
We have more information now.
We have more information on the case that we haven't yet released to the public.
We have more music coming up, so stay tuned.
We have more now than we used to have.
We have more pressing things to discuss.
We have more questions than answers.
We have more room for activities.
We have more than a hundred books at home.
We have more than enough evidence to prove Tom is guilty.
We have more than enough evidence to prove that Tom is guilty.
We have more than enough food for everybody.
We have more than enough food for everyone.
We have more than enough food.
We have more than enough money to do that.
We have more than enough money to finish this project.
We have more than enough money.
We have more than enough time to spare.
We have more than enough.
We have more to do.
We have more work to do.
We have more years than you.
We have more.
We have mountain cheese and goat cheese.
We have much further to go.
We have much more important things to be worrying about.
We have much rain in summer but on the other hand we have little rain in winter.
We have much to discuss.
We have much to learn about Islam.
We have mutual friends.
We have mutual respect for each other.
We have named our cats Tom and Jerry.
We have needs.
We have neighbors all around us.
We have neither a wardrobe nor any bookshelves.
We have never asked them for money.
We have never been happy in life.
We have never been happy.
We have never been richer.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
We have never been to school.
We have never done it before.
We have never exceeded the limits.
We have never gone there.
We have never had any luck.
We have never had such a heavy snowfall.
We have never had to deal with children.
We have never heard from him since.
We have never heard him sing the song.
We have never known love.
We have never let you down.
We have never managed to explain that phenomenon.
We have never seen New York.
We have never seen a suicide that looked like this.
We have never seen anything like it.
We have never so much as shaken hands in all our lives; and yet I shall miss him like an old friend.
We have new data about production and sale of electric fly swatters worldwide.
We have new evidence to prove Tom's innocence.
We have new neighbors.
We have news.
We have next to nothing in common.
We have nice weather today.
We have nightmares.
We have ninety minutes to carry the concrete from the mixing plant to the worksite.
We have no access to clean water.
We have no acquaintance with her.
We have no affection for her.
We have no alternative but to work.
We have no alternatives.
We have no business here.
We have no business relations with the firm.
We have no call to appoint him to the post.
We have no carpool lanes in Algeria.
We have no chance against those top players.
We have no chance of winning the championship.
We have no chance of winning.
We have no chance.
We have no children.
We have no choice but to carry on.
We have no choice but to compromise.
We have no choice but to do it.
We have no choice but to do so.
We have no choice but to do what they told us to do.
We have no choice but to eat this moldy bread.
We have no choice but to fight.
We have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
We have no choice but to go for it.
We have no choice but to go.
We have no choice but to kill.
We have no choice but to lay off a number of employees.
We have no choice but to risk it.
We have no choice but to stay where we are.
We have no choice but to trust Tom.
We have no choice but to trust each other.
We have no choice but to try.
We have no choice other than thinking of how we'll live here.
We have no choice.
We have no choice. I guess we'll have to walk.
We have no choice. I guess we’ll have to walk.
We have no class today.
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.
We have no classes today.
We have no classes tomorrow afternoon.
We have no clue where he is.
We have no comment at this time.
We have no comment.
We have no common ground.
We have no complaints.
We have no computer.
We have no concerns at all about that.
We have no control over that.
We have no credible proof that Tom did that.
We have no deep convictions.
We have no desire to live.
We have no drinking water.
We have no electricity.
We have no evidence against Tom.
We have no evidence at the moment.
We have no evidence that such a virus exists.
We have no expectations of victory.
We have no extra money.
We have no friends, but our mountains.
We have no further details at this time.
We have no future.
We have no grandchildren.
We have no great love for you.
We have no guarantee.
We have no hard evidence against Tom.
We have no honor.
We have no hope left.
We have no hope of changing anything if we don't think change is possible.
We have no hot water because the pipes broke.
We have no idea about his whereabouts.
We have no idea how it happened.
We have no idea how they came to that conclusion.
We have no idea what Tom did with it.
We have no idea what Tom did.
We have no idea what befell us.
We have no idea what could have happened.
We have no idea what her personal life is like.
We have no idea what to do.
We have no idea what to expect.
We have no idea what we're doing.
We have no idea what's going on.
We have no idea where Tom is.
We have no idea where he is.
We have no idea where they came from.
We have no idea who actually did that.
We have no idea why Mary killed herself.
We have no idea why Tom and Mary do that.
We have no idea why Tom does that.
We have no idea, do we?
We have no idea.
We have no information about what's going to happen.
We have no information as yet.
We have no insurance.
We have no internet access.
We have no means of transportation.
We have no medicines.
We have no milk and no sugar.
We have no money to waste.
We have no money.
We have no more blackberries.
We have no more food.
We have no more in stock.
We have no more information.
We have no more milk.
We have no more paper.
We have no more rice.
We have no more right to say a rude thing to another than to knock him down.
We have no more sausage.
We have no more sugar.
We have no more time to lose.
We have no more time to waste.
We have no need for assistance.
We have no notion of attacking him.
We have no objection to doing that.
We have no objection to you joining our club.
We have no objection to your joining us in our club.
We have no one but ourselves to blame for that.
We have no one but ourselves to blame.
We have no one to blame but ourselves.
We have no one to guide us.
We have no one to help us.
We have no options but to continue.
We have no options.
We have no other alternative but to swap horses midstream and inject a fresh atmosphere and new ideas into our organization.
We have no other choice.
We have no other debt.
We have no other option.
We have no other options.
We have no place in the sun.
We have no place to go.
We have no place to keep all this food.
We have no plan at this time to do that.
We have no plan.
We have no plans to change that.
We have no plans to do anything.
We have no plans to do that.
We have no plans to replace Mary after she retires.
We have no plans to replace Tom after he retires.
We have no plans to replace Tom and Mary after they retire.
We have no positive proof Tom is guilty.
We have no positive proof that Tom is guilty.
We have no problem as far as the house is concerned.
We have no problems at all.
We have no proof to the contrary.
We have no proof.
We have no quarrel with you.
We have no rainy day fund. If something unexpected pops up, we will be unable to cope.
We have no reason for staying here.
We have no reason to be angry.
We have no reason to be ashamed.
We have no reason to be jealous.
We have no reason to be suspicious of our world, for it is not against us.
We have no reason to believe that prices will be increased.
We have no reason to change our plans.
We have no reason to complain.
We have no reason to do that.
We have no reason to feel ashamed.
We have no reason to lie.
We have no reason to rejoice.
We have no record of a patient named Tom Jackson.
We have no red roses, only white and pink ones.
We have no reliable data.
We have no right to do that.
We have no right to judge her for her hijab.
We have no room.
We have no rules.
We have no salad in the bowl.
We have no school today.
We have no school tomorrow.
We have no second choice.
We have no secrets from each other.
We have no secrets.
We have no sense of honor.
We have no spare money.
We have no special plans.
We have no such example.
We have no sugar.
We have no time for that now.
We have no time for that.
We have no time to do that even if we wanted to.
We have no time to explain.
We have no time to get the computer fixed.
We have no time to lose.
We have no time to study.
We have no time to waste in idle palaver.
We have no time to waste.
We have no time, we have to take it.
We have no time.
We have no trust in Tom.
We have no trust in him.
We have no water.
We have no way of getting home.
We have no way of stopping them.
We have no way to judge that.
We have no way to prove that isn't true.
We have no way to verify this.
We have no wish to inconvenience you.
We have nobody to blame but ourselves.
We have noisy neighbors.
We have none left in stock.
We have not been able to contact anyone on our list.
We have not been at work for a year.
We have not been notified about their change of address.
We have not been to Sweden.
We have not brought something to eat.
We have not come this far without a struggle and I assure you we cannot go further without a struggle.
We have not come to hurt your mother.
We have not eaten.
We have not felt the time going.
We have not found it.
We have not found the boy.
We have not found the girl.
We have not gone to Turin.
We have not got freedom of speech in our country.
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
We have not had much snow.
We have not heard from him since last year.
We have not heard your answer.
We have not hit the road towards Paris yet.
We have not kept pace with the latest research.
We have not lost hope.
We have not met in a long time.
We have not one problem, but two.
We have not overthrown a government since 1954.
We have not received a letter from him so far.
We have not said everything.
We have not seen each other for a long time.
We have not seen each other in a long time.
We have not seen each other in two weeks.
We have not seen each other since our school days.
We have not seen you for a while.
We have not strength enough to follow our reason so far as it would carry us.
We have not taken our share.
We have not taken something to eat.
We have not yet arranged the time to leave for Nanjing.
We have not yet begun to fight.
We have not yet discussed which method is better.
We have not yet managed to establish contact with the Syrian embassy.
We have not yet packed our suitcase.
We have not yet succeeded.
We have nothing against it.
We have nothing at all in common.
We have nothing better to do.
We have nothing but some moldy bread.
We have nothing else to drink.
We have nothing else to eat.
We have nothing else to lose.
We have nothing else.
We have nothing further to say to each other.
We have nothing in common anymore!
We have nothing in common anymore.
We have nothing in common except that we need each other.
We have nothing in common.
We have nothing left but to accept this.
We have nothing left to hope for.
We have nothing left to lose.
We have nothing left to swear by now.
We have nothing like that planned at the moment.
We have nothing more to lose.
We have nothing more to teach you.
We have nothing more to tell them.
We have nothing more to worry about.
We have nothing on our schedule today.
We have nothing sacred left to make an oath on.
We have nothing to apologize for.
We have nothing to be afraid of.
We have nothing to be ashamed of.
We have nothing to complain about.
We have nothing to complain of.
We have nothing to discuss.
We have nothing to do with that.
We have nothing to do with the power going out.
We have nothing to do with the power outage.
We have nothing to do with them.
We have nothing to do.
We have nothing to drink.
We have nothing to eat.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
We have nothing to gain by doing that.
We have nothing to hide here.
We have nothing to hide.
We have nothing to left eat.
We have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
We have nothing to lose.
We have nothing to say.
We have nothing to talk about.
We have nothing to worry about.
We have nothing you want.
We have nothing.
We have nowhere to go.
We have nowhere to hide.
We have nowhere we can go.
We have offered help.
We have offices all around the globe.
We have often been to Tokyo.
We have often lightly made fun of our friend's affection for stoats.
We have often traveled to Tokyo.
We have one advantage.
We have one book.
We have one for you, too.
We have one hour left until the train's departure, don't you want to drop by the bookstore?
We have one kid.
We have one last chance to win the game.
We have one last chance.
We have one more day together, let's make it worth it.
We have one more decision to make.
We have one more important matter to discuss.
We have one more important question to consider.
We have one more item to discuss.
We have one more lunatic in this house.
We have one more thing left to do before we can go home.
We have one more thing to do before we can go home.
We have one more thing to do.
We have one more year.
We have one mouth only.
We have one of the best basketball teams in the city.
We have one of your friends here with us.
We have one pocket of rainfall.
We have one small problem.
We have one time zone.
We have onions in Algeria.
We have only 250 hours left.
We have only a little hope left.
We have only a slender chance of success.
We have only a small garden.
We have only one chance.
We have only one left.
We have only one lesson today.
We have only one objective.
We have only one soap dish.
We have only one way to be born, but there are many ways to die.
We have only one way to get out of this place.
We have only scratched the surface of Sami's story.
We have only the choice between unbearable truths and beneficent lies.
We have only thirty minutes to make our decision.
We have only three days.
We have only three dollars between us.
We have only three hours' time.
We have only three left.
We have only three options.
We have only three rules.
We have only two dollars.
We have oodles of cash.
We have opposing opinions about the matter.
We have opposing opinions on the matter.
We have opposite opinions.
We have optimized the database indexing, and as a result, system efficiency has improved by 50%.
We have ordered one.
We have other fish to fry.
We have other important issues to discuss.
We have other patients to look after.
We have other patients to see.
We have other patients.
We have other places we need to go.
We have other plans for them.
We have other plans, too.
We have other priorities at the moment.
We have other things that have to be done.
We have other things that need to be done.
We have other things to discuss.
We have other things to do than worry about keeping up appearances.
We have other things to do.
We have other things to think about.
We have other things we need to buy.
We have other things we need to discuss.
We have other things we need to talk about.
We have other things we should be doing.
We have our backs to the wall.
We have our differences.
We have our dinner between seven and seven-thirty.
We have our doubts.
We have our evening meal at 9 here.
We have our fingers crossed.
We have our hands full right now.
We have our hands full.
We have our keys.
We have our lives to live.
We have our orders.
We have our own problems to solve.
We have our own problems.
We have our own reasons.
We have our own theory.
We have our passports with us.
We have our reasons.
We have our red lines.
We have ourselves a whole new ball game.
We have overcome the first obstacle with sorrow and distress.
We have overlooked this important fact.
We have painted the walls white.
We have partial Berber ancestry.
We have people everywhere.
We have people who do that for us.
We have permission to be here.
We have permission to build thirty new houses.
We have perused the book with pleasure, and cordially recommend it to our readers.
We have physical education.
We have pictures.
We have pilaf, lo mein, and kebabs in our restaurant.
We have planned our attacks well.
We have planned well.
We have plans to be in Boston all summer.
We have plans to do that.
We have plans to go to Australia.
We have plans to go to Boston.
We have plans to visit Australia.
We have plans to visit Boston.
We have plans.
We have planted the garden.
We have played at this beach.
We have plenty more milk in the fridge.
We have plenty of drinking water.
We have plenty of food in the fridge.
We have plenty of food.
We have plenty of honey.
We have plenty of money.
We have plenty of room.
We have plenty of time for all that.
We have plenty of time now.
We have plenty of time to do that.
We have plenty of time to eat.
We have plenty of time to spare.
We have plenty of time tonight.
We have plenty of time.
We have plenty of time. There's no need to hurry.
We have plenty of trans representation on the development team.
We have plenty of water.
We have plenty of wine.
We have plenty of work to do this morning.
We have plenty to keep us busy.
We have plenty to talk about.
We have plenty to think about.
We have plenty.
We have ponchos.
We have potassium in our bodies.
We have potatoes for the morning meal.
We have precious little time.
We have prepared many treats for the Semik holiday.
We have prepared ourselves to leave for the nearby area.
We have probably about three hundred of those in our warehouse.
We have problems that need to be dealt with.
We have problems that we need to deal with.
We have problems to solve.
We have problems.
We have proof that happened.
We have proof that that happened.
We have proof that, at the time of his death, he was carrying on an intrigue with a Frenchwoman, a Madame Daubreuil, who rents the adjoining Villa.
We have proof.
We have provisions for six days. If the mission is extended, we'll have to improvise or turn around.
We have psychic abilities.
We have pulao, lo mein and kebabs in our restaurant.
We have put the Christmas presents under the tree.
We have put the fox in charge of the hen house.
We have quality towels.
We have quite a lot of things to do.
We have quite a lot of work planned.
We have quite a lot of work to do.
We have quite a lot to talk about.
We have quoted special prices.
We have reached a partnership agreement.
We have reached a point of no return.
We have reached an agreement.
We have reached an important milestone.
We have reached an understanding with each other.
We have reached our destination.
We have read.
We have really everything in common with America nowadays except, of course, language.
We have really everything in common with the United States nowadays except, of course, language.
We have really loyal repeat customers.
We have reason to be thankful.
We have reason to be upset.
We have received many orders from the U.S.
We have received orders to shoot and kill.
We have received the first trial batch of vaccine.
We have recently discussed this problem.
We have recorded all the giraffe herds in this area.
We have recovered most of the deleted files, but some are still being processed.
We have red lines.
We have refused.
We have rejoiced over his discovery.
We have rent stabilization here.
We have rented a cabin by the lake.
We have reports to write.
We have reserved a lot of food for emergencies.
We have respect for our teacher.
We have rice.
We have rights.
We have rings.
We have robots on Mars.
We have room for many more.
We have room for thirty people.
We have room for three more people in our van.
We have room for three more.
We have room for three others.
We have room.
We have rules.
We have run out of cream.
We have run out of gas.
We have run out of milk.
We have run out of strawberries.
We have run out of sugar.
We have run short of food.
We have safeguards in place.
We have safety deposit boxes.
We have said it each time we had the opportunity to.
We have salty meat in the kitchen.
We have sandstone in the bathroom, and parquetry in the bedroom.
We have school Monday through Friday.
We have school on Monday.
We have seats in the gallery.
We have seen a good movie.
We have seen how, under the Bouteflika regime, the concentration of power led to abusive power.
We have seen it.
We have seen no one.
We have seen our incomes shrink.
We have seen that in Algeria.
We have seen the best of our time.
We have seen them with our own eyes.
We have seen thousands of egrets there.
We have seen three wars.
We have seen to that.
We have seen you.
We have seldom seen such a play.
We have seldom seen such a sight!
We have sent many robotic rovers to Mars.
We have sent the book by mail.
We have sent the book by post.
We have serious problems.
We have seven grandsons.
We have seven workgroups who meet twice a year.
We have several bags here.
We have several issues that we need to deal with.
We have several issues to deal with.
We have several major problems that need to be dealt with.
We have several major problems that we need to deal with.
We have several new products ready for production.
We have several options.
We have several problems that have to be solved.
We have several problems that need to be solved.
We have several problems that need to be taken care of.
We have several problems that we need to deal with.
We have several problems to deal with.
We have several prospective new members. I hope they will join us.
We have several serious problems that need to be solved.
We have sex almost every day.
We have sex.
We have shared custody.
We have shared values and interests.
We have sheep.
We have shut the door.
We have similar habits.
We have similar tastes in women.
We have sinned, Lord, forgive us.
We have sinned.
We have six classes a day.
We have six classes today.
We have six eggs.
We have six granddaughters.
We have six lessons a day.
We have six lessons today.
We have small and large portions.
We have small chance to win.
We have snow in January.
We have snow on the mountain all the year round.
We have so little time.
We have so many bills to pay.
We have so many different heaths to choose from.
We have so many students.
We have so many things left to do.
We have so many things.
We have so much free time.
We have so much in common.
We have so much left to do.
We have so much to discuss.
We have so much to do.
We have so much to learn.
We have so much to live for.
We have so much to look forward to.
We have so much to talk about.
We have so much work to do.
We have some Berber blood.
We have some bad news for you.
We have some bugs to fix.
We have some business to discuss.
We have some canned food.
We have some catching up to do.
We have some celebrating to do.
We have some concerns.
We have some decisions to make.
We have some decisions we have to make today.
We have some decisions we need to make today.
We have some decisions we ought to make today.
We have some detergent left.
We have some difficult problems that we need to deal with.
We have some disturbing news.
We have some doubt as to whether he has chosen the right course.
We have some eccentrics here.
We have some encouraging news.
We have some great news!
We have some guys on our team who can't speak French.
We have some guys on our team who don't understand French at all.
We have some houseguests.
We have some ideas.
We have some important news to tell you.
We have some leaky pipes.
We have some legal problems to work out.
We have some local wine.
We have some necessary paperwork that needs to be taken care of.
We have some necessary paperwork to take care of.
We have some new problems.
We have some new products we'd like to show you.
We have some new products we'd like you to see.
We have some news.
We have some other leads to follow up.
We have some plans in view.
We have some pressing issues to deal with at the moment.
We have some pressing problems to solve.
We have some problems at the agency.
We have some problems that need solving.
We have some problems.
We have some questions for them.
We have some questions for you.
We have some questions that we'd like to ask you.
We have some questions to ask you.
We have some questions we want to ask you.
We have some rose bushes in front of our house.
We have some serious issues coming up.
We have some shopping to do.
We have some talented people here.
We have some things for them.
We have some things that we need to sort out.
We have some things that we need to talk about.
We have some things to clarify.
We have some things to settle.
We have some things to talk about.
We have some things to work out.
We have some things we need to discuss.
We have some time now.
We have some time.
We have some tough decisions to make.
We have some tough times ahead.
We have some unfinished business to attend to.
We have some unfinished business to take care of.
We have some unfinished business.
We have some wonderful news.
We have some work that needs to be done.
We have some, but not nearly enough.
We have some.
We have someone else to do this.
We have someone working for us named Tom Jackson.
We have something else in common.
We have something even better.
We have something for Tom.
We have something for everyone.
We have something for them.
We have something in common.
We have something in common: Berber.
We have something pressing to discuss.
We have something special for you, sir.
We have something special planned for Tom's birthday.
We have something to discuss.
We have something to say.
We have something to share.
We have something to tell you.
We have something very important that we have to discuss.
We have something very important that we need to discuss.
We have something we need to tell Tom.
We have something we want to tell Tom.
We have something we want to tell you.
We have somewhere else to go.
We have space for two beds.
We have specific proof of your innocence.
We have spent a lot of time searching for a parking space.
We have spent practically our entire lives in Kabylie.
We have spoken lately.
We have sport lessons.
We have squash, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, okra and potatoes.
We have staff meetings on Monday.
We have stand-up meetings every morning.
We have started high school.
We have started to recycle newspapers.
We have started to recycle our newspapers.
We have still a lot of food left.
We have stopped listening to you.
We have stopped.
We have strawberry and chocolate cookies.
We have strict rules.
We have strong evidence that Jezero Crater once had the ingredients for life.
We have stuck together.
We have submitted these possible designs for your consideration.
We have suffered enough.
We have suffered so much.
We have suffered too much.
We have suffered.
We have sufficient evidence to prove this hypothesis.
We have supper at eight.
We have supper at six every evening.
We have supplied humanitarian aid to refugees.
We have supplied the villagers with food.
We have supplied those families with food.
We have suppliers.
We have surprised the enemy.
We have taken a great duty upon us, and to this duty, gentlemen, we consecrate our lives.
We have taken part in the iniquity that will happen.
We have taken the decision to buy the land.
We have talked about all areas of the union's external activity.
We have talked about his last novel.
We have talked about our past.
We have talked about them.
We have talked about this issue several times.
We have ten cattle.
We have ten cows.
We have ten head of cattle.
We have ten head of livestock.
We have tenants in the basement.
We have terminated your insurance contract.
We have that in common.
We have that opportunity now.
We have that.
We have the Berber keyboard on our computer.
We have the Berber keyboard on our computers.
We have the Berber keyboard on our phones.
We have the Berber keyboards on our phones.
We have the ability to do that.
We have the ability to memorize information.
We have the ability to remember.
We have the advantage.
We have the alternative of death and submission.
We have the alternative of going or staying.
We have the best food in town.
We have the best ideas.
We have the best of both worlds!
We have the best teacher in the world.
We have the best team ever.
We have the boots in green, blue and yellow.
We have the chance to make a positive impact on others' lives.
We have the choice - Say the truth or keep it?
We have the choice between death and subjugation.
We have the choice.
We have the cross.
We have the death penalty for a reason.
We have the edge on them.
We have the equipment.
We have the exclusive right to sell them.
We have the extra-large size, but not in that color.
We have the facts.
We have the funds available.
We have the great responsibility to see that he succeeds on the entrance exam.
We have the heaviest concentration of lawyers on Earth —one for every five-hundred Americans; three times as many as are in England, four times as many as are in West Germany, twenty-one times as many as there are in Japan. We have more litigation, but I am not sure that we have more justice.
We have the largest telescopes in the world here.
We have the luxury of time.
We have the most money.
We have the necessary equipment.
We have the opportunity to make some changes.
We have the opposite problem.
We have the people.
We have the place to ourselves.
We have the power to change things.
We have the question whether he did it by himself or not.
We have the reports.
We have the reputation of this clinic to protect.
We have the rest of the day to ourselves.
We have the right to bear arms.
We have the right to boycott the products coming from the occupied territories.
We have the right to boycott the products made in the occupied territories.
We have the right to do non-violent actions to denounce Israel's apartheid policies.
We have the right to do this.
We have the right to know.
We have the right to live where we please.
We have the right to refuse service to anyone.
We have the right to strike.
We have the right to vote when we come of age.
We have the same agent.
We have the same barber.
We have the same birthday.
We have the same blood type.
We have the same dentist.
We have the same destiny.
We have the same father but not the same mother.
We have the same father.
We have the same friends.
We have the same genes.
We have the same goal in mind.
We have the same goal.
We have the same group of friends.
We have the same hopes.
We have the same idea.
We have the same intentions, but not the same modus operandi.
We have the same last name.
We have the same name.
We have the same opinion.
We have the same problem.
We have the same problems as you.
We have the situation under control.
We have the solution. There's no need to reinvent the wheel with dangerous elements.
We have the whole place for ourselves.
We have the whole summer to play.
We have them on the run.
We have them sedated.
We have these kinds of problems all the time.
We have thin lips.
We have things all worked out.
We have things in common, Tom and I.
We have things to do.
We have things we need to discuss.
We have thirteen clubs.
We have thirty employees.
We have thirty minutes left.
We have thirty of those.
We have thirty-two teeth.
We have this Camembert. It's very good, but a little more expensive.
We have this app.
We have this expression in Berber.
We have this game on ice.
We have three French teachers at this school.
We have three adolescent children.
We have three adopted children and two biological children.
We have three adopted children.
We have three adopted children. The younger two are biological brothers.
We have three airplanes.
We have three boys and one girl.
We have three boys.
We have three cats, a black one and two white ones.
We have three cats.
We have three children in their teens.
We have three children, three dogs and three cats.
We have three children.
We have three children: two boys and one girl.
We have three daughters.
We have three days left.
We have three divers now searching for a gun that we believe that the suspect threw off the bridge.
We have three documents in the file.
We have three dogs, one white and two black.
We have three dogs.
We have three dogs: one male and two female.
We have three goats.
We have three grandchildren.
We have three granddaughters.
We have three grandsons.
We have three grown-up children.
We have three hours left.
We have three hours to decide whether we're going to accept their offer.
We have three hours to figure this out.
We have three hours to prepare for the meeting.
We have three hours to relax.
We have three hours.
We have three kids, three dogs and three cats.
We have three kids, two boys and one girl.
We have three kids.
We have three meals a day.
We have three minutes remaining.
We have three minutes.
We have three months to prepare for this.
We have three more mountains to cross.
We have three new teachers at our school this year.
We have three objectives.
We have three of them.
We have three options.
We have three payment options: cash, check, or credit card.
We have three planes.
We have three possibilities.
We have three problems that we need to deal with today.
We have three security guards who take shifts.
We have three sons.
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.
We have three televisions in our house.
We have three trees in our backyard.
We have three weeks left to do this.
We have three weeks left to finish doing this.
We have three weeks to fix this.
We have three weeks.
We have three witnesses.
We have thrown a first stone into the water, which will create waves.
We have tickets for the cinema this evening.
We have tickets for the theatre this evening.
We have till tomorrow night to decide.
We have time enough to eat.
We have time on our side.
We have time to sing one more song.
We have time to spare.
We have time.
We have time. There's no hurry.
We have time. There's no rush.
We have to abandon the plan.
We have to abide by the rules.
We have to abolish all nuclear weapons, because they are deadly to mankind.
We have to accept that.
We have to accomplish this.
We have to acknowledge that our opinion is based on personal observations rather than universal truths.
We have to acknowledge that.
We have to act fast.
We have to act now.
We have to act quickly.
We have to act.
We have to add more sentences to Tatoeba.
We have to address that problem.
We have to admit that our team is inferior to that of the United States.
We have to admit that our team is inferior to the American one.
We have to allow for the delay of the train.
We have to allow time to time.
We have to always be ready.
We have to analyze that.
We have to animate this scene by Friday!
We have to answer his letter.
We have to appoint new members of the examining board.
We have to ask after Tom.
We have to ask everybody this.
We have to ask ourselves whether building a bridge here will be worth the cost.
We have to ask ourselves whether it's really worth that much money.
We have to assume the worst and hope for the best.
We have to assume the worst.
We have to attend that meeting whether we like it or not.
We have to attend to what he tells us.
We have to avoid a conflict as far as possible.
We have to avoid the nuclear war by all means.
We have to avoid war at any cost.
We have to be alert all the time.
We have to be at the airport at 5:00AM.
We have to be at the airport by 2:30.
We have to be at work by nine.
We have to be aware of that.
We have to be better than that.
We have to be careful not to do that again.
We have to be careful who we show these plans to.
We have to be careful with expenses.
We have to be careful.
We have to be careful. It might be a trap.
We have to be cautious, too.
We have to be cautious.
We have to be done with everything by Thursday morning.
We have to be equal in everything.
We have to be extremely careful.
We have to be fair here.
We have to be financially responsible.
We have to be firm.
We have to be here for another three hours.
We have to be more aware of what's going on.
We have to be more careful with expenses.
We have to be more careful.
We have to be more consistent.
We have to be on time.
We have to be patient here.
We have to be patient.
We have to be prepared for anything.
We have to be prepared for everything.
We have to be prepared for that.
We have to be prepared for the worst.
We have to be prepared to cope with violent storms.
We have to be prepared.
We have to be proactive.
We have to be ready for all manner of surprises.
We have to be ready for anything.
We have to be ready not only for a straightforward test of strength, but also for a struggle in which every strategy comes into play.
We have to be ready to go through dangers there.
We have to be realistic.
We have to be respectful to our seniors.
We have to be serious.
We have to be strict.
We have to be strong for the kids.
We have to be sure that we're right.
We have to be sure we're right.
We have to be there Monday.
We have to be there an hour in advance to get our tickets.
We have to be there by 12 o'clock.
We have to be there by 2.30 at the latest.
We have to be there by 2.30.
We have to be there by 2:30.
We have to be there on time, so don't stand me up tomorrow!
We have to be there on time, so don’t stand me up tomorrow!
We have to be there.
We have to be tough sometimes.
We have to be uncompromising on Algeria's national unity.
We have to be uncompromising on Algeria's territorial integrity.
We have to be very careful.
We have to be vigilant.
We have to be willing to take the first step.
We have to become a better team.
We have to become a multi-planet species.
We have to bicycle faster if we want to arrive in time.
We have to book in before twelve o'clock.
We have to book in before twelve o’clock.
We have to boycott them.
We have to bring Tom to his senses.
We have to bring a bit of hope back to the world.
We have to bring down her temperature.
We have to bring our teaching methods up to date.
We have to bring the matter to a close.
We have to build scaffolding strong enough to support the weight of dozens of workers and tons of equipment.
We have to buy Tom a birthday present.
We have to buy a new rug for this room.
We have to buy fruit and vegetables.
We have to buy glue somewhere.
We have to buy it from abroad.
We have to buy more food.
We have to buy newspapers to know what is happening.
We have to buy soap to wash the dishes.
We have to buy some olive oil.
We have to buy the tickets right now.
We have to buy them from abroad.
We have to buy water from Malaysia.
We have to call Tom.
We have to call her.
We have to call him.
We have to call off the meeting.
We have to call on him tomorrow at any rate.
We have to call the police.
We have to call them.
We have to cancel our trip to Australia.
We have to cancel our trip to Boston.
We have to cancel our trip to Japan.
We have to cancel the meeting.
We have to catch Sami before he kills more.
We have to catch Tom before he kills anybody else.
We have to catch Tom.
We have to catch up on our work as soon as possible.
We have to catch up with them.
We have to celebrate.
We have to change our plan.
We have to change our plans.
We have to change our point of view.
We have to change something.
We have to change that.
We have to change the dates of our trip.
We have to change the wheels.
We have to change trains at the next station.
We have to check that.
We have to check.
We have to choose one or the other.
We have to clean our rooms.
We have to clean the house tomorrow.
We have to clean the whole beach.
We have to clean the whole flat.
We have to clean this mess up.
We have to clean this place up.
We have to clean this up.
We have to clean up this mess.
We have to clean up.
We have to cleanse the country of traitors.
We have to clear the snow from the roof.
We have to clear the snow off the roof.
We have to clear up the problem first.
We have to close the window.
We have to close the windows.
We have to collect seven souls to break the barrier.
We have to come to some agreement.
We have to come to terms with our limitations.
We have to come together as a team.
We have to come up with a new plan.
We have to come up with a plan.
We have to come up with something soon.
We have to communicate in English, which is neither my native language nor hers.
We have to compare the DNA.
We have to conclude that the policy is a failure.
We have to conform to the rules.
We have to consider that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom may have to do that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom may not want to do that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom was involved in the robbery.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom and Mary were involved in the robbery.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom may have to do that.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom may not want to do that.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom was involved in the robbery.
We have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences.
We have to consider the problem more carefully.
We have to constantly work to make sure government is not a collection of distant, detached institutions, but is connected and responsive to the everyday concerns of our people.
We have to continue doing this until it gets done.
We have to continue to do our jobs.
We have to continue working.
We have to contribute to buy some groceries for the poor.
We have to convince Tom to stay here.
We have to cooperate.
We have to cope with hosts of difficulties.
We have to correct it.
We have to correct our mistakes.
We have to correct these problems.
We have to count all of the ballots.
We have to cover ourselves up well.
We have to crack down on illegal trading.
We have to create jobs.
We have to create more jobs.
We have to cross a bridge to get to Tom's house.
We have to cross a toll bridge to get to Tom's house.
We have to cross the mountain?
We have to cross the river.
We have to cross the street.
We have to crush them like the bugs they are.
We have to cut business expenses here. Haven't you ever heard of looking at how much you're getting before you start spending?
We have to cut business expenses here. Haven’t you ever heard of looking at how much you’re getting before you start spending?
We have to cut down our monthly expenses.
We have to deal with it.
We have to deal with that before the end of the day.
We have to deal with that first.
We have to deal with that.
We have to deal with the same old problem year after year.
We have to deal with the situation.
We have to deal with this issue.
We have to deal with this now.
We have to deal with this, Tom.
We have to decentralize France.
We have to decide before it's too late.
We have to decide today.
We have to decide what to do next.
We have to decide, and soon!
We have to deconstruct America.
We have to defeat our enemies.
We have to defeat our foes.
We have to defeat our opponents.
We have to defend our country at any cost.
We have to defend our country from the foreign aggression.
We have to defend our country, whatever the cost.
We have to defend ourselves.
We have to demand a large amount of money of you.
We have to demolish the whole building because of the foundation and to build everything anew.
We have to destroy the evidence.
We have to develop our talents.
We have to discuss it.
We have to discuss the price.
We have to dispose of the land.
We have to distinguish right from wrong.
We have to do a better job.
We have to do a blood test.
We have to do a great deal of reading.
We have to do as we're told.
We have to do away with such a bad custom.
We have to do better next time.
We have to do better than this next time.
We have to do better than this.
We have to do better.
We have to do everything on this list, but not necessarily in this order.
We have to do it again tomorrow.
We have to do it again.
We have to do it all again tomorrow.
We have to do it fast.
We have to do it now.
We have to do it quickly.
We have to do it together.
We have to do it!
We have to do it, even if we don't want to.
We have to do it.
We have to do many things.
We have to do more than that.
We have to do one more thing before we can go home.
We have to do our best.
We have to do our homework.
We have to do our jobs.
We have to do some shopping.
We have to do something about it.
We have to do something about that soon.
We have to do something about that.
We have to do something about this situation.
We have to do something about this.
We have to do something about what's going on.
We have to do something and we have to do it now.
We have to do something and we need to do it right away.
We have to do something constructive.
We have to do something for the dead.
We have to do something to help Tom.
We have to do something to prevent meteor strikes from happening.
We have to do something to save humanity from itself.
We have to do something to stop Mary from hurting herself.
We have to do something to stop Tom and Mary from hurting themselves.
We have to do something to stop Tom from hurting himself.
We have to do something to stop this from happening again.
We have to do something with it.
We have to do something, Tom.
We have to do something, or there will be a huge catastrophe!
We have to do something.
We have to do sports.
We have to do that again.
We have to do that as soon as possible.
We have to do that as soon as we can.
We have to do that before Monday.
We have to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
We have to do that before Tom gets here.
We have to do that before it's too late.
We have to do that now.
We have to do that right away.
We have to do that right now.
We have to do that soon.
We have to do that this week.
We have to do that today.
We have to do that together.
We have to do that while we still can.
We have to do that.
We have to do the best that we can.
We have to do the best we can.
We have to do the job with what's here.
We have to do the next challenge.
We have to do the shopping.
We have to do the work in a day.
We have to do the work in one day.
We have to do this again tomorrow.
We have to do this again.
We have to do this all by ourselves.
We have to do this before we can leave.
We have to do this by ourselves.
We have to do this every day.
We have to do this now.
We have to do this on our own.
We have to do this right away.
We have to do this the right way.
We have to do this together.
We have to do this.
We have to do what we have to do. We are who we are.
We have to do what's right.
We have to do whatever it takes to stop Tom.
We have to do without sugar.
We have to do without sugar; we're short of it.
We have to do without sugar; we’re short of it.
We have to drain it a bit.
We have to draw a line somewhere.
We have to drive all night.
We have to drive back home to Boston tomorrow.
We have to drive the enemy out of our land.
We have to eat now.
We have to eat white cheese.
We have to eat.
We have to educate new Muslims.
We have to eliminate these letters.
We have to empty it.
We have to encourage each other.
We have to encourage people to join the campaign and work with us.
We have to end this.
We have to escape this place.
We have to escape.
We have to evacuate immediately.
We have to evacuate the building.
We have to evacuate the clinic.
We have to evacuate the neighboring villages before the dam breaks.
We have to evacuate. A tornado's coming.
We have to expect the worst.
We have to face facts.
We have to face reality.
We have to face the fact that the company is losing money.
We have to face the facts.
We have to face the truth.
We have to fight back.
We have to fight for our rights.
We have to figure it out.
We have to figure out a better way to do this.
We have to figure out a way to encourage Tom to do the right thing.
We have to figure out a way to get out of here alive.
We have to figure out a way to get this job finished by Monday.
We have to figure out a way to get this machine to work under water.
We have to figure out a way to keep Tom from seeing Mary.
We have to figure out a way to make Mary do what we want her to do.
We have to figure out a way to make Tom and Mary do what we want them to do.
We have to figure out a way to make Tom do what we want him to do.
We have to figure out a way to make some money.
We have to figure out how much it's going to cost us.
We have to figure out how to do that.
We have to figure out how to do this.
We have to figure out what happened to Tom.
We have to figure out what needs to be done.
We have to figure out what our options are.
We have to figure out what this all means.
We have to figure out what to do.
We have to figure out what we should do next.
We have to figure out when the best time to buy that stock is.
We have to figure out where Tom hid his money.
We have to figure out whether we have enough money to do that.
We have to figure out who started the fire that burned down Tom's house.
We have to figure out why the machine isn't working properly.
We have to figure something out.
We have to fill the war chest back up by expropriating the collaborators.
We have to find Tom before Mary does.
We have to find Tom before it gets dark.
We have to find Tom before the police do.
We have to find Tom's hiding place.
We have to find Tom.
We have to find a car.
We have to find a creative solution.
We have to find a new market for these products.
We have to find a solution to that problem.
We have to find a solution.
We have to find a way out of here.
We have to find a way out.
We have to find a way to correct that.
We have to find a way to do that.
We have to find a way to get Tom to help us.
We have to find a way to get that done.
We have to find a way to help Tom.
We have to find a way to narrow down the list.
We have to find a way to reach Tom.
We have to find a way to stop Tom.
We have to find a way to stop it.
We have to find another option.
We have to find another way in.
We have to find another way to do that.
We have to find another way.
We have to find her.
We have to find him.
We have to find it before Tom and Mary do.
We have to find it before Tom does.
We have to find it.
We have to find more chairs.
We have to find out for sure whether Tom was there or not.
We have to find out how to do that.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary are allergic to.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary are doing.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary need.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary want.
We have to find out what Tom is allergic to.
We have to find out what Tom is doing.
We have to find out what Tom needs.
We have to find out what Tom wants us to do.
We have to find out what Tom wants.
We have to find out what happened to Tom.
We have to find out what it is.
We have to find out what needs to be done.
We have to find out what we're supposed to do.
We have to find out what's going on here.
We have to find out what's going on.
We have to find out what's in the box.
We have to find out what's in the crate.
We have to find out where Tom and Mary are.
We have to find out where Tom and Mary live.
We have to find out where Tom is.
We have to find out where Tom lives.
We have to find out where he is.
We have to find out where it is.
We have to find out where she is.
We have to find out where they are.
We have to find out who Tom and Mary are working for.
We have to find out who Tom is working for.
We have to find out who did this.
We have to find out why they want us to do this.
We have to find out why this happened.
We have to find out.
We have to find rules that work.
We have to find some way to do that.
We have to find somewhere safe to wait.
We have to find the accomplice.
We have to find the right person for each position.
We have to find them.
We have to find ways to get everyone involved.
We have to find where the star fell.
We have to find where they stashed them.
We have to finish everything before Monday morning.
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.
We have to finish our homework first.
We have to finish preparations for the party by tomorrow.
We have to finish the game.
We have to finish the painting by Saturday.
We have to finish the work in one day.
We have to finish this job tonight.
We have to finish this.
We have to finish.
We have to fire Tom.
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.
We have to fix this.
We have to flee the city.
We have to focus.
We have to fold up our sleeves.
We have to follow Tom.
We have to follow a complicated set of rules.
We have to follow due process.
We have to follow her.
We have to follow him.
We have to follow the regulations.
We have to follow the rules of traffic.
We have to follow their instructions.
We have to follow them.
We have to follow traffic rules.
We have to forget it ever happened.
We have to formulate a plan if we are to save her!
We have to gather information.
We have to generate new revenue.
We have to get Heracles' bow back.
We have to get Mary someplace where she'll be safe.
We have to get Tom a present.
We have to get Tom and Mary someplace where they'll be safe.
We have to get Tom back.
We have to get Tom out of here.
We have to get Tom out of there.
We have to get Tom someplace where he'll be safe.
We have to get Tom to a doctor.
We have to get Tom to a hospital.
We have to get Tom to a specialist.
We have to get Tom to the hospital.
We have to get Tom's keys.
We have to get Tom's permission.
We have to get Tom's temperature down.
We have to get a divorce.
We have to get a move on if we want to be finished today.
We have to get a move on if we want to finish today.
We have to get a new one.
We have to get as much information as possible.
We have to get at the truth of the matter.
We have to get away from Tom.
We have to get away from here.
We have to get back before Tom and Mary do.
We have to get back before Tom does.
We have to get back to Australia on Monday.
We have to get back to Boston tonight.
We have to get back to work.
We have to get better soon.
We have to get better.
We have to get dressed.
We have to get going.
We have to get her a present.
We have to get her out of here.
We have to get her to a doctor.
We have to get him a present.
We have to get him a wheelchair at the terminal.
We have to get him out of here.
We have to get him to a doctor.
We have to get him to the hospital before it's too late.
We have to get him to the hospital before it’s too late.
We have to get home before Monday.
We have to get it back.
We have to get it done now.
We have to get it together.
We have to get off at the next station.
We have to get off at the next stop.
We have to get on the same page.
We have to get out of here fast.
We have to get out of here right away.
We have to get out of here right now.
We have to get out of here tonight.
We have to get out of here.
We have to get out of here. The building's on fire.
We have to get out of this storm.
We have to get ready for Tom's arrival.
We have to get ready for Tom's visit.
We have to get ready for next week.
We have to get ready for the storm.
We have to get ready for what's coming.
We have to get ready to leave.
We have to get ready.
We have to get results.
We have to get rid of Tom.
We have to get rid of her.
We have to get rid of him.
We have to get rid of them.
We have to get rid of weeds.
We have to get someone to fix this!
We have to get something to eat.
We have to get that document back before Tom and Mary show it to anyone.
We have to get that document back before Tom shows it to anyone.
We have to get the hell out of here.
We have to get the necessary capital ready for the plan.
We have to get them a present.
We have to get them help us.
We have to get them out of here.
We have to get them to a doctor.
We have to get them.
We have to get there fast and first.
We have to get these people out of here.
We have to get this done by the end of the month.
We have to get through security.
We have to get through this.
We have to get to the bottom of that.
We have to get to the dragon and slay it to rescue the princess!
We have to get to the hospital.
We have to get to work.
We have to get up at dawn.
We have to get up early tomorrow morning.
We have to get up early tomorrow.
We have to get you home somehow.
We have to get you out of here.
We have to get you to a doctor.
We have to get you to a hospital.
We have to get you to hospital.
We have to get you to the hospital.
We have to give Tom a chance to do that.
We have to give Tom a chance.
We have to give Tom more time.
We have to give credit where credit is due.
We have to give it a try.
We have to give it back.
We have to give the plan a chance to work.
We have to give them a chance.
We have to give them more time.
We have to give them something.
We have to go around again.
We have to go back for Tom.
We have to go back for her.
We have to go back for him.
We have to go back for them.
We have to go back home soon.
We have to go back in.
We have to go back soon.
We have to go back to the train station.
We have to go back.
We have to go by taxi.
We have to go by the rules.
We have to go get them.
We have to go home now.
We have to go home.
We have to go now.
We have to go on foot since there's no transportation in this area.
We have to go on living somehow.
We have to go on trying to find a way through this labyrinth.
We have to go on.
We have to go outside to get something else.
We have to go outside.
We have to go over this.
We have to go pray.
We have to go shopping.
We have to go somewhere else.
We have to go somewhere.
We have to go sooner or later.
We have to go there today.
We have to go there together.
We have to go there tomorrow, don't we?
We have to go there whether we like it or not.
We have to go through three tunnels to get to the lake.
We have to go to Australia next month for a wedding.
We have to go to Boston in a few days.
We have to go to Boston next weekend for a wedding.
We have to go to Boston.
We have to go to bed early today, no?
We have to go to bed now.
We have to go to class.
We have to go to school.
We have to go to sleep now.
We have to go to this island.
We have to go twice anyway.
We have to go, Tom.
We have to go, guys.
We have to go, quick!
We have to go.
We have to graduate from college first.
We have to grasp this issue.
We have to hand in an essay by Wednesday.
We have to hand in our report before the end of the month.
We have to hand in the report by the end of the month.
We have to have a plan.
We have to have focus.
We have to have fun somehow.
We have to have hope.
We have to have limitations.
We have to have some balance.
We have to have this ready by the twentieth.
We have to have this.
We have to help Tom.
We have to help each other.
We have to help her.
We have to help him.
We have to help them.
We have to help!
We have to help.
We have to hire a room to hold the party in.
We have to hire more people.
We have to hold Tom accountable.
We have to hold them accountable.
We have to hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
We have to hurry or we'll be late.
We have to hurry or we'll miss the plane.
We have to hurry!
We have to hurry! We have an appointment at half four!
We have to hurry, or the stores will close.
We have to hurry, otherwise the shops will close.
We have to hurry.
We have to imagine what it would be like for our family, for our children, if the unspeakable happened to us.
We have to improve as soon as possible.
We have to improve the methods of direct democracy.
We have to introduce ourselves to the immigration office.
We have to invent it.
We have to investigate the cause at any rate.
We have to just accept that.
We have to just keep doing what we're doing.
We have to keep a safe distance between our airplane and the French airliner.
We have to keep doing this.
We have to keep expenses down.
We have to keep going now.
We have to keep going.
We have to keep hope alive.
We have to keep it a secret.
We have to keep it going now.
We have to keep it secret.
We have to keep on running.
We have to keep our dog tied up.
We have to keep our dog tied.
We have to keep our eyes open for what is happening.
We have to keep the debate going.
We have to keep the machines working.
We have to keep this in mind.
We have to keep this secret.
We have to keep trying until we find a method that works.
We have to keep trying until we succeed.
We have to keep working hard.
We have to keep working on that.
We have to keep working.
We have to kill him.
We have to kill them before they grow.
We have to kill them before they lay eggs.
We have to know right away.
We have to know what we're doing.
We have to know what's causing this.
We have to know. We will know.
We have to learn Berber.
We have to learn French.
We have to learn all the songs before the end of the week.
We have to learn how to do that.
We have to learn the right things.
We have to learn the whole poem by heart.
We have to learn to treat each other with respect.
We have to learn to trust each other.
We have to learn to work together.
We have to leave a bit earlier.
We have to leave at once.
We have to leave at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
We have to leave at the end of the month.
We have to leave early.
We have to leave here at once.
We have to leave here by Sunday.
We have to leave him be.
We have to leave him in peace.
We have to leave immediately.
We have to leave in five minutes.
We have to leave it there.
We have to leave now if we want to get home before dark.
We have to leave now, or we'll never get there in time.
We have to leave now.
We have to leave right now.
We have to leave something to our children.
We have to leave tomorrow!
We have to leave tomorrow.
We have to leave you.
We have to leave!
We have to leave.
We have to lend a hand.
We have to let her go.
We have to let people know what they need to do.
We have to lighten the load.
We have to live in the moment.
We have to live in the present.
We have to live on campus.
We have to live together.
We have to live with Grandpa.
We have to live with the consequences of our actions.
We have to live with the consequences of our choices.
We have to live with these risks.
We have to look after our Earth.
We have to look after our parents.
We have to look after ourselves now.
We have to look after ourselves.
We have to look at it.
We have to look at the results.
We have to look for our passports!
We have to look into our options.
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.
We have to look into this.
We have to look the future straight in the eye and prepare to get through the coming crisis.
We have to lose with panache.
We have to lower the monthly expenses.
We have to make a choice.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
We have to make a decision by October 20th.
We have to make a decision soon.
We have to make a decision.
We have to make a difference.
We have to make a plan.
We have to make an important decision.
We have to make concessions.
We have to make do with what we have.
We have to make do with what we've got.
We have to make every shot count.
We have to make it easy for them.
We have to make it work.
We have to make it!
We have to make savings.
We have to make some changes in our plans.
We have to make some changes.
We have to make some choices.
We have to make some tough decisions.
We have to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
We have to make sure Tom and Mary do that.
We have to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
We have to make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
We have to make sure Tom does that.
We have to make sure Tom doesn't do that again.
We have to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
We have to make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
We have to make sure people get back to work.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
We have to make sure that Tom does that.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that again.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
We have to make sure that a mistake like this never happens again.
We have to make sure that doesn't happen again.
We have to make sure that no one does that.
We have to make sure that we aren't late.
We have to make sure that we get there on time.
We have to make sure that we never do this again.
We have to make sure that we stay healthy.
We have to make sure they're ready.
We have to make sure this doesn't happen again.
We have to make sure we do that.
We have to make sure we do this right.
We have to make sure we get there on time.
We have to make sure we get this done by 2:30.
We have to make sure we have enough volunteers.
We have to make sure we stay healthy.
We have to make sure we're ready to do that.
We have to make the best of what we have.
We have to make the change.
We have to make the most of the opportunity.
We have to make the most of this situation.
We have to make up for lost time.
We have to measure your intraocular pressure. Please open both eyes wide and look fixedly at this object here.
We have to meet Tom.
We have to meet the demand.
We have to memorize this poem by the next class.
We have to mend those fences.
We have to move far away and I came to say goodbye.
We have to move fast.
We have to move house.
We have to move now.
We have to move on now.
We have to move on.
We have to move out of our apartment by the end of the month.
We have to move the butane tank.
We have to move to Australia.
We have to move to Boston.
We have to move very carefully.
We have to move very quickly.
We have to move.
We have to nip this problem in the bud before it gets any worse.
We have to notify the police.
We have to nudge him to do the right thing.
We have to obey orders.
We have to obey the rules.
We have to obey traffic rules.
We have to operate immediately.
We have to operate urgently.
We have to overcome differences of opinion and reach an agreement.
We have to overcome many difficulties.
We have to paint the bathroom ceiling.
We have to party.
We have to pass on our culture to the next generation.
We have to pass this legislation.
We have to pay attention and listen.
We have to pay for everything.
We have to pay for things, but we are still just animals.
We have to pay for what we buy.
We have to pay in advance.
We have to pay our rent by the end of the month.
We have to pay taxes by March 15.
We have to pay taxes.
We have to pay the rent tomorrow.
We have to pay these bills soon.
We have to persuade Tom that he should take that job.
We have to persuade Tom to do that.
We have to persuade Tom to help us.
We have to persuade Tom to stay here.
We have to persuade Tom to take that job.
We have to pick a name for the child.
We have to pick a place to set up the tent.
We have to pick those apples right now, otherwise they'll decay.
We have to pick up some slack.
We have to plan for the future.
We have to plant more flowers.
We have to play fair, whether we win or lose.
We have to play well to win.
We have to postpone our departure.
We have to postpone our meeting.
We have to postpone the meeting.
We have to postpone the picnic.
We have to pray isha.
We have to prepare for everything.
We have to prepare for that.
We have to prepare for the storm.
We have to prepare for the worst.
We have to preserve indigenous scripts.
We have to preserve our natural resources.
We have to prevent such an accident from happening again.
We have to prioritize our needs.
We have to promote true justice in Israel, the West Bank, and Gaza.
We have to protect Tom.
We have to protect each other.
We have to protect it.
We have to protect our border.
We have to protect our children.
We have to protect our economy.
We have to protect our kids.
We have to protect ourselves.
We have to protect the animals.
We have to protect the natural resources.
We have to protest against it.
We have to pull over.
We have to pull the weeds.
We have to put an end to sexual harassment.
We have to put new locks on all the doors.
We have to put off making a final decision until next week.
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.
We have to put our shoes on.
We have to put right what we have done wrong.
We have to put the piano on its side in order to get it in.
We have to put up with a lot of noise when the children are at home.
We have to rake the leaves out on the lawn.
We have to re-orient ourselves.
We have to react faster.
We have to react quicker.
We have to rebuild.
We have to reduce our expenses.
We have to reduce the cost to a minimum.
We have to reduce the national debt.
We have to register.
We have to relocate this entire industrial park to a safer area.
We have to relocate.
We have to remain competitive.
We have to remember one thing: computers are stupid.
We have to remember that the choices of individual human beings led to repeated world war. But we also have to remember that the choices of individual human beings created a United Nations, so that a war like that would never happen again.
We have to remember to do that.
We have to rent a room for our party.
We have to rent a room to hold the party in.
We have to replace the alternator.
We have to replace the towel rack.
We have to replace this moth-eaten carpet.
We have to reply to his letter.
We have to report to the immigration office.
We have to reschedule.
We have to rescue the pilot before the plane explodes.
We have to resist with all our might.
We have to respect and abide by the agreements that were made.
We have to respect each other.
We have to respect local customs.
We have to respect the rules.
We have to respect them.
We have to rethink the approach.
We have to return to the ship now.
We have to roll.
We have to run now.
We have to run to arrive on time.
We have to rush him to the hospital. He's badly injured.
We have to save Tom.
We have to save for a rainy day.
We have to save her.
We have to save him immediately.
We have to save him.
We have to save money against a rainy day.
We have to save money for a rainy day.
We have to save our jobs.
We have to save space for the shortbread cookies.
We have to save the Berber language.
We have to save them.
We have to see Tom.
We have to see how much cash we have on hand.
We have to see them.
We have to see what works and what doesn't.
We have to sell it today.
We have to sell our house.
We have to sell these today.
We have to send the samples in for testing.
We have to send them something.
We have to seriously think about this.
We have to set a good example.
We have to set off at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
We have to set the scene for negotiations.
We have to set up the Republic of common sense.
We have to set up the tent in the shade of that tree.
We have to show them that it's for real.
We have to show them that it’s for real.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
We have to sleep.
We have to slow down.
We have to sneak in there and steal that computer.
We have to sneak in there and steal those documents.
We have to solve that problem first.
We have to solve the problem.
We have to solve this problem.
We have to somehow come through this troublesome situation.
We have to speak French in the classroom.
We have to speak the truth.
We have to speak.
We have to spend time with Tom now.
We have to split.
We have to stand up against racism.
We have to stand up for minority rights.
We have to stand watch for three hours.
We have to stand with Palestine.
We have to start again from scratch.
We have to start all over again.
We have to start at dawn.
We have to start at once.
We have to start doing that.
We have to start fighting back.
We have to start looking for a place to live.
We have to start now.
We have to start over again.
We have to start preparing for next year.
We have to start right now.
We have to start somewhere.
We have to start.
We have to stay a decision until he comes back.
We have to stay alert.
We have to stay alive no matter what.
We have to stay alive, whatever the cost.
We have to stay awake.
We have to stay calm.
We have to stay focused.
We have to stay healthy.
We have to stay here until Tom and Mary get back.
We have to stay here until Tom arrives.
We have to stay here until Tom gets back.
We have to stay here until Tom gets here.
We have to stay here whether we want to or not.
We have to stay in Australia for another three months.
We have to stay in Australia for three more months.
We have to stay in Australia until Tom gets out of the hospital.
We have to stay in Boston all week.
We have to stay in Boston until Tom and Mary get out of the hospital.
We have to stay in Boston until Tom gets out of the hospital.
We have to stay positive.
We have to stay quiet.
We have to stay right here.
We have to stay together now.
We have to stay together.
We have to stay until the end.
We have to stay.
We have to stick together.
We have to stock up for the winter.
We have to stop Tom before he does that again.
We have to stop Tom before he hurts anybody else.
We have to stop Tom.
We have to stop at Tom's.
We have to stop her.
We have to stop him from drinking any more.
We have to stop him from drinking more alcohol.
We have to stop him.
We have to stop it.
We have to stop meeting like this.
We have to stop now.
We have to stop the bleeding.
We have to stop them from doing that.
We have to stop them.
We have to stop these aliens from stealing our jobs! Earth first!
We have to stop this before it happens.
We have to stop this experiment.
We have to stop this now.
We have to stop this.
We have to stop.
We have to stretch our muscles after swimming in the pool.
We have to study for our exam.
We have to study the matter.
We have to study.
We have to submit an essay by Wednesday.
We have to submit it before the deadline.
We have to submit the report by the end of the month.
We have to summon a spirit.
We have to support whatever decision Tom makes.
We have to surrender.
We have to take Sami to the hospital.
We have to take Tom to the hospital right away.
We have to take Tom to the hospital.
We have to take a stand.
We have to take action.
We have to take advantage of this situation.
We have to take care of our children.
We have to take care of our own health.
We have to take care of our parents.
We have to take care of ourselves.
We have to take care of that problem first.
We have to take care of that today.
We have to take down the scaffolding.
We have to take every precaution.
We have to take great pains to make our guests feel comfortable.
We have to take him to school tomorrow.
We have to take him to the emergency room immediately. He's gravely wounded.
We have to take him to the hospital immediately; he is seriously injured!
We have to take it one step at a time.
We have to take measures.
We have to take precautions.
We have to take steps to prevent air pollution.
We have to take that chance.
We have to take that risk.
We have to take the dog to the vet.
We have to take the risk.
We have to take the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
We have to take the stairs.
We have to take this problem into consideration.
We have to talk Tom out of doing that.
We have to talk Tom out of this.
We have to talk a little bit first, you and I.
We have to talk about France.
We have to talk about it today.
We have to talk about it.
We have to talk about this.
We have to talk about what to do.
We have to talk about what we did.
We have to talk face to face.
We have to talk right now.
We have to talk through all that.
We have to talk to Tom.
We have to talk to her.
We have to talk to him for a minute.
We have to talk to him.
We have to talk to them.
We have to talk to you about Tom.
We have to talk to you.
We have to talk, Jamal.
We have to talk, Tom.
We have to talk.
We have to tell Tom about it.
We have to tell Tom about that now.
We have to tell Tom about this.
We have to tell Tom about what happened.
We have to tell Tom before he hears it from someone else.
We have to tell Tom everything.
We have to tell Tom immediately.
We have to tell Tom what happened.
We have to tell Tom what has happened.
We have to tell Tom.
We have to tell everybody what happened.
We have to tell her about this.
We have to tell her.
We have to tell him about this.
We have to tell him.
We have to tell people what they need to do.
We have to tell someone.
We have to tell the truth.
We have to tell them about this.
We have to tell them something.
We have to tell them.
We have to thank God for that.
We have to think about it.
We have to think about our children and our grandchildren.
We have to think about our children.
We have to think about the future.
We have to think about this a little longer.
We have to think of something else.
We have to think of the future now.
We have to think over the plan.
We have to think this through.
We have to thoroughly investigate it.
We have to tighten our belts.
We have to translate, even from Kabyle to other languages.
We have to transliterate the Russian characters to the Latin alphabet.
We have to transmit our culture to the next generation.
We have to travel together.
We have to trust Tom.
We have to trust one another.
We have to trust them.
We have to try again.
We have to try harder.
We have to try it.
We have to try something else.
We have to try something.
We have to try this.
We have to try to communicate with them.
We have to try to do away with the stigma behind many of society's ills. Shaming will only make things worse.
We have to try to reduce its complexity.
We have to try.
We have to turn back.
We have to turn in our essays tomorrow.
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.
We have to turn in our reports on Monday.
We have to turn in reports on Monday.
We have to turn in the reports on Monday.
We have to tweak a few things.
We have to underline every important word.
We have to understand each other a little better than we did in the past.
We have to understand the underlying principles.
We have to understand why we are what we are.
We have to undo what was done.
We have to update our teaching methods.
We have to use every means to persuade him.
We have to use the restroom.
We have to use the stairs because the elevator is out of order.
We have to use the stairs because the lift doesn't work.
We have to use the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
We have to view our society with concern and passion, and see what we can learn from each of our experiments. When we get upset and angry about politics — whether it is conservative, liberal, or whatever — we tend to think in terms of right and wrong, not what we can learn.
We have to vote again.
We have to wait a bit longer.
We have to wait and see.
We have to wait for Tom.
We have to wait for him.
We have to wait for the all clear.
We have to wait for the lab results to know what's really causing the symptoms.
We have to wait here for Tom.
We have to wait here for them.
We have to wait here.
We have to wait often.
We have to wait to see what turn things will take.
We have to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
We have to wait until Tom gets here.
We have to wait until he comes back.
We have to wait until we have more information.
We have to wait.
We have to wake up early.
We have to wake up.
We have to walk across the street.
We have to walk the rest of the way.
We have to warn Tom.
We have to warn her.
We have to warn him.
We have to warn them.
We have to wash him.
We have to wash it.
We have to wash the clothes.
We have to watch this carefully.
We have to water the flowers.
We have to wear our uniform on picture day.
We have to wear school uniforms at school.
We have to wear shoes.
We have to weigh our options.
We have to weigh the pros and cons.
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament.
We have to win the media battle.
We have to win tomorrow.
We have to win.
We have to work at the laboratory on researching the vaccine.
We have to work faster.
We have to work hard to fix this problem.
We have to work hard.
We have to work harder from now on.
We have to work harder.
We have to work now.
We have to work out why this machine's not working properly.
We have to work together as a team.
We have to work together.
We have to work very hard.
We have to worship God.
We have tons of money.
We have too many cars in Algiers.
We have too many classes.
We have too many household appliances.
We have too many lectures.
We have too many privately-owned cars in Algiers.
We have too many privately-owned vehicles in Algiers.
We have too many things that need to be done.
We have too much bad luck.
We have too much debt.
We have too much inventory.
We have too much junk already.
We have too much stuff.
We have total confidence in Tom.
We have touched on this topic before.
We have tried everything.
We have trouble trusting people.
We have truly had a deep sleep.
We have twelve children, one for every month of the year. However, they were all born in August.
We have twenty-four chairs in this class-room.
We have two black cars.
We have two black cats.
We have two boats.
We have two breaks at school, one at 9.40 and the other at 10.40.
We have two bushes in the garden.
We have two cats in the house: one white, and one black.
We have two cats; one is white, and the other is black.
We have two cherry trees growing in the garden.
We have two cherry trees in the yard.
We have two children.
We have two classes in the afternoon.
We have two daughters and one son.
We have two daughters.
We have two deliveries every day.
We have two diametrically opposed ways of looking at life.
We have two dogs, one white and one black.
We have two dogs, three cats and a parrot.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six hens.
We have two dogs.
We have two dogs. One is black and the other is white.
We have two ears and one mouth, so we should listen more than we say.
We have two ears.
We have two enemies: we have the outside enemy, and then we have the enemy from within.
We have two examinations during this term.
We have two eyes and two ears, but only one mouth, in order to see and listen much, but talk less.
We have two fridges in the kitchen.
We have two girls and one boy.
We have two goats.
We have two granddaughters.
We have two hours of class in the afternoon.
We have two hours of lessons in the afternoon.
We have two kidneys.
We have two kids.
We have two lessons in the afternoon.
We have two meetings with them next month.
We have two more open tables.
We have two new subjects this semester.
We have two pieces of evidence of his guilt.
We have two refrigerators in the kitchen.
We have two rooms free.
We have two sons.
We have two spare rooms upstairs, neither of which has been used for years.
We have two tall players in our baseball team.
We have two television sets.
We have two trees in the garden.
We have two unused rooms in our house.
We have unfinished business there.
We have unfinished business.
We have until 2:30 p.m. Monday to get this done.
We have until 2:30 p.m. Monday.
We have until Friday to finish this report.
We have until October to complete our plan.
We have until October to finish this project.
We have until October to get this done.
We have until tomorrow morning.
We have uploaded some great photos.
We have used earth's energy resources as if they were limitless.
We have used earth’s energy resources as if they were limitless.
We have used our ration of coal for the week.
We have used up all the coal.
We have used up the coal.
We have vanished.
We have vast amounts of unused information.
We have very big lotus leaves.
We have very deep convictions.
We have very few good storytellers.
We have very good business.
We have very high hopes for Tom.
We have very high standards.
We have very little in common.
We have very little time left.
We have very little time, so listen carefully.
We have very little time, so please hurry.
We have very little time.
We have very little to lose.
We have very strict guidelines here.
We have very strict rules about that.
We have very strict rules here.
We have very strict rules.
We have visitors.
We have waited a long time for your response.
We have waited for you the whole day.
We have waited more than a week for your response.
We have walked all around the lake.
We have walls for a reason.
We have wanted to visit the city for a long time.
We have washed the dog.
We have watched the fortunes of eight successive human species for a thousand million years, the first half of that flicker which is the duration of man. Ten more species now succeed one another, or are contemporary, on the plains of Neptune. We, the Last Men, are the Eighteenth Men. Of the eight pre-Neptunian species, some, as we have seen, remained always primitive; many achieved at least a confused and fleeting civilization, and one, the brilliant Fifth, was already wakening into true humanity when misfortune crushed it. The ten Neptunian species show an even greater diversity. They range from the instinctive animal to modes of consciousness never before attained. The definitely sub-human degenerate types are confined mostly to the first six hundred million years of man's sojourn on Neptune.
We have water enough.
We have water.
We have way more questions than answers.
We have way too many meetings.
We have way too much work to do.
We have ways of making women speak; we have none for shutting them up.
We have ways of making you talk.
We have ways of making you use Facebook.
We have weapons. We just hope that we don't need to use them.
We have went to Mumbai for vacation.
We have what we deserve.
We have what we have.
We have what we need here.
We have what we need.
We have white teeth.
We have wine, beer, lemonade and water.
We have wine.
We have witnessed many social changes in last two decade.
We have witnesses.
We have won again.
We have work for Tom.
We have work for them.
We have work in the morning.
We have work to do, but if you need a day to recover from jet lag, we can start tomorrow.
We have work to do, remember?
We have work to do.
We have worked hard.
We have written a book.
We have yellow apples.
We have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer.
We have yet to hear back from Tom.
We have yet to know the truth.
We have yet to learn all the facts.
We have yet to learn the truth.
We have you to do that for us.
We have you to thank for it.
We have you to thank for that, Tom.
We have your size, but not in that color.
We have your size, but not in that colour.
We have zero tolerance for bigotry.
We have, I think, just time to catch our train at Paddington.
We have, literally, a pile of food to eat.
We have.
We haven't a clue where he is.
We haven't abandoned you.
We haven't accomplished a thing today.
We haven't achieved much yet.
We haven't actually discussed the problem yet.
We haven't actually set a date yet.
We haven't actually tested that.
We haven't actually tried it yet.
We haven't added anybody new to the list.
We haven't agreed to anything yet.
We haven't agreed to anything.
We haven't any lid for a box that big.
We haven't anyone to help us at the moment.
We haven't asked for money.
We haven't asked her.
We haven't beaten them all year.
We haven't been able to achieve that.
We haven't been able to determine that.
We haven't been able to do all we planned.
We haven't been able to do that yet.
We haven't been able to do that.
We haven't been able to find Tom.
We haven't been able to find anyone to replace Tom.
We haven't been able to find out anything about Grandma and Grandpa.
We haven't been able to find out much else.
We haven't been able to find out much yet.
We haven't been able to find out what the real problem was.
We haven't been able to find out when the shipment will arrive.
We haven't been able to find out where Tom got his degree.
We haven't been able to find out who paid all our bills for us.
We haven't been able to find out why we weren't allowed to enter that building.
We haven't been able to get anyone to replace Tom.
We haven't been able to get in touch with Tom.
We haven't been able to get much help.
We haven't been able to get permission to do that.
We haven't been able to get through to Tom.
We haven't been able to handle this so far.
We haven't been able to interview Tom yet.
We haven't been able to persuade him.
We haven't been able to prove it.
We haven't been able to reach Tom yet.
We haven't been able to solve the problem yet.
We haven't been able to spend much time together recently.
We haven't been alone in years.
We haven't been around that long.
We haven't been back to Australia since then.
We haven't been called to the meeting yet.
We haven't been close in years.
We haven't been coerced in any way.
We haven't been fishing in a long time.
We haven't been formally introduced.
We haven't been going to the store for a long time now, because we buy everything online.
We haven't been here for long. We've only been here for ten minutes. We got here at 10:40.
We haven't been here recently.
We haven't been in communication with them.
We haven't been in this situation yet.
We haven't been informed yet.
We haven't been introduced yet.
We haven't been introduced.
We haven't been invited yet.
We haven't been married long.
We haven't been on a date yet.
We haven't been out on a real date yet.
We haven't been paid for three months.
We haven't been properly trained.
We haven't been swimming in a long time.
We haven't been there in a while.
We haven't been there in ages.
We haven't been to Australia in a long time.
We haven't been to Australia yet.
We haven't been to Boston in a long time.
We haven't been to Boston yet.
We haven't been to Slovakia.
We haven't been together that long.
We haven't been told yet.
We haven't begun yet.
We haven't bought any bread.
We haven't built a house yet.
We haven't called the police yet.
We haven't called.
We haven't caught the thief yet.
We haven't changed anything yet.
We haven't changed how we think of her.
We haven't changed our minds.
We haven't changed our plans.
We haven't changed our position.
We haven't changed the rules.
We haven't changed the way we do things.
We haven't come so as to be told off.
We haven't come to a decision yet.
We haven't contacted each other for quite a while. I am very happy to write to you.
We haven't convinced Tom to do that yet.
We haven't covered that yet.
We haven't crossed paths before.
We haven't dealt with that problem yet.
We haven't deceived you.
We haven't decided anything yet.
We haven't decided anything.
We haven't decided what to do yet.
We haven't decided where to take a rest.
We haven't decided yet.
We haven't determined that yet.
We haven't died.
We haven't discussed it yet.
We haven't discussed that yet.
We haven't done a thing all day.
We haven't done a thing all week.
We haven't done anything all week.
We haven't done anything together in weeks.
We haven't done anything wrong.
We haven't done anything yet.
We haven't done anything.
We haven't done enough yet.
We haven't done enough.
We haven't done it yet.
We haven't done that all year.
We haven't done that as much as we should.
We haven't done that in a long time.
We haven't done that in a month.
We haven't done that in a while.
We haven't done that since we left Australia.
We haven't done that since we left Boston.
We haven't done that yet.
We haven't done that, nor do we have any plan to do so.
We haven't done this in a while.
We haven't done this in years.
We haven't done too badly.
We haven't done well.
We haven't done what we need to do.
We haven't eaten anything all day.
We haven't eaten anything.
We haven't eaten or drunk anything.
We haven't eaten yet.
We haven't eaten.
We haven't encountered any difficulties.
We haven't encountered any new problems.
We haven't encountered any problems.
We haven't enough flour to make a pie.
We haven't even discussed it.
We haven't even discussed that yet.
We haven't even discussed that.
We haven't even kissed.
We haven't even seen it yet.
We haven't even set the date yet.
We haven't even started.
We haven't even tried.
We haven't experienced this yet.
We haven't failed.
We haven't finalized anything yet.
We haven't finished doing that.
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.
We haven't finished our work.
We haven't finished talking.
We haven't finished the game.
We haven't finished the movie.
We haven't finished what we have to do yet.
We haven't finished.
We haven't fixed the final details of the budget.
We haven't forgotten that.
We haven't forgotten what our father told us.
We haven't forgotten you.
We haven't found Tom yet.
We haven't found a solution to that problem yet.
We haven't found a solution yet.
We haven't found anything yet.
We haven't found gold in the brook either.
We haven't found her yet.
We haven't found him yet.
We haven't found him.
We haven't found it yet.
We haven't found it.
We haven't found the boy.
We haven't found the girl.
We haven't found the gun yet.
We haven't found the lost cat yet.
We haven't found them yet.
We haven't found them.
We haven't given up hope yet.
We haven't given up hope.
We haven't given up yet.
We haven't gone dancing in a long time.
We haven't gone out of business yet.
We haven't gone to Turin.
We haven't got a big flat.
We haven't got a clue where he is.
We haven't got a landline any more.
We haven't got a large apartment.
We haven't got a lot of time.
We haven't got a penny.
We haven't got a rat infestation for years.
We haven't got a signal here.
We haven't got a tumble dryer.
We haven't got all day.
We haven't got all night.
We haven't got all the time in the world.
We haven't got any eggs left, either.
We haven't got any petrol left.
We haven't got any red roses, only white and pink.
We haven't got anything like this.
We haven't got anything to answer for.
We haven't got enough beds.
We haven't got long.
We haven't got much money.
We haven't got much time.
We haven't got school tomorrow.
We haven't got that amount of resources.
We haven't got that in stock, and we won't be getting it back in again.
We haven't got that much time.
We haven't got time for chitchat.
We haven't got time for that!
We haven't got time for that.
We haven't got time to dawdle.
We haven't got to go to school tomorrow.
We haven't got to.
We haven't got water either.
We haven't got water.
We haven't gotten any mail in a long time.
We haven't gotten anything!
We haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
We haven't gotten to it yet.
We haven't gotten to spend much time together recently.
We haven't had a day this nice for years.
We haven't had a good rain in a while.
We haven't had a price increase in the last five years.
We haven't had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
We haven't had a talk for ages.
We haven't had any classes in a while.
We haven't had any complaints so far.
We haven't had any complaints.
We haven't had any face-to-face classes in a while.
We haven't had any luck yet.
We haven't had any major accidents.
We haven't had any news yet.
We haven't had any problem with Tom.
We haven't had any problems so far.
We haven't had any problems with them at all.
We haven't had any problems yet.
We haven't had any problems.
We haven't had any rain for over a month.
We haven't had any rain for three weeks.
We haven't had any rain here for more than a month.
We haven't had any rain in a long time.
We haven't had any rain in months.
We haven't had anything to eat for almost three days.
We haven't had anything to eat or drink.
We haven't had breakfast even though it is noon now.
We haven't had dessert yet.
We haven't had internet since Friday.
We haven't had much luck lately.
We haven't had much rain this year.
We haven't had much snow this winter.
We haven't had much sun this summer.
We haven't had one person complain.
We haven't had our dinner.
We haven't had rain here in a long time.
We haven't had rain here in ages.
We haven't had such a good time for years.
We haven't had such a hot summer for thirty years.
We haven't had that conversation yet.
We haven't had that discussion yet.
We haven't had that happen yet.
We haven't had the chance to clear up the matter.
We haven't had the chance to read the article yet.
We haven't had those kinds of problems in a long time.
We haven't had those kinds of problems yet.
We haven't had time to do that yet.
We haven't had to deal with this before.
We haven't heard anything from Tom yet.
We haven't heard anything from him since last year.
We haven't heard anything from them yet.
We haven't heard anything yet.
We haven't heard back from Tom yet.
We haven't heard from Mildred for two years.
We haven't heard from Tom in a long time.
We haven't heard from Tom in a while.
We haven't heard from Tom in ages.
We haven't heard from Tom since last year.
We haven't heard from Tom since then.
We haven't heard from Tom yet.
We haven't heard from Tom.
We haven't heard from each other in a long time.
We haven't heard from her of late.
We haven't heard from her since then.
We haven't heard from her.
We haven't heard from him.
We haven't heard from them.
We haven't heard of another bakery shop opening.
We haven't heard of him lately.
We haven't heard the last of this.
We haven't heard the other side.
We haven't helped the poor.
We haven't increased our prices.
We haven't known each other long.
We haven't known each other very long.
We haven't laid off any employees yet.
We haven't landed yet.
We haven't learned how to do that yet.
We haven't lived up to expectations.
We haven't lost anything.
We haven't lost everything.
We haven't lost hope.
We haven't lost much.
We haven't lost our faith in Tom.
We haven't lost our minds.
We haven't lost yet.
We haven't made a deal yet.
We haven't made a decision on anything yet.
We haven't made a decision yet.
We haven't made a sale yet.
We haven't made any changes yet.
We haven't made any deals yet.
We haven't made any sales.
We haven't made it to the championship since 2013.
We haven't made much headway.
We haven't made much progress yet.
We haven't made much progress.
We haven't made that decision yet.
We haven't made too many mistakes.
We haven't made up our minds.
We haven't managed to convince him.
We haven't managed to talk him round.
We haven't met for ages.
We haven't met yet.
We haven't met.
We haven't offered the job to anyone yet.
We haven't officially met.
We haven't packed our bags yet.
We haven't packed our suitcases yet.
We haven't paid Tom yet.
We haven't paid our rent yet.
We haven't progressed.
We haven't questioned Tom yet.
We haven't raised enough money yet.
We haven't reached our goal.
We haven't reached the end yet.
We haven't really decoded a lot of ancient Tifinagh inscriptions.
We haven't really done anything useful yet.
We haven't really done anything yet.
We haven't really done anything.
We haven't really earned anything yet.
We haven't really had those discussions.
We haven't really spent time with each other for a while.
We haven't really talked about this.
We haven't really talked since the accident.
We haven't really thought about it yet.
We haven't received a telegram.
We haven't received any complaints, so I think that means we're doing a good job.
We haven't received any help from anyone.
We haven't received any news yet.
We haven't received the help we requested.
We haven't received the telegram.
We haven't replied to Tom's letter yet.
We haven't resolved anything yet.
We haven't run into any problems so far.
We haven't run into any problems yet.
We haven't run out of medicine yet.
We haven't run out of water yet.
We haven't said yes yet.
We haven't seen Tom for weeks.
We haven't seen Tom in a long time.
We haven't seen Tom in a while.
We haven't seen Tom in weeks.
We haven't seen Tom much since he got divorced.
We haven't seen Tom recently.
We haven't seen Tom since that time.
We haven't seen Tom since then.
We haven't seen Tom since yesterday.
We haven't seen Tom today.
We haven't seen Tom.
We haven't seen a lot of looting.
We haven't seen a lot pigeons around here lately.
We haven't seen a lot tourists around here lately.
We haven't seen a single giraffe in that area.
We haven't seen any evidence of that.
We haven't seen anyone.
We haven't seen anything.
We haven't seen each other for a fortnight.
We haven't seen each other for a long time.
We haven't seen each other for a long while.
We haven't seen each other for ages.
We haven't seen each other for over two years.
We haven't seen each other for quite some time.
We haven't seen each other for such a long time.
We haven't seen each other in a long time.
We haven't seen each other in over five years.
We haven't seen each other in thirty years.
We haven't seen each other in three weeks.
We haven't seen each other since then.
We haven't seen each other since we were kids.
We haven't seen her in a while.
We haven't seen her of late.
We haven't seen her.
We haven't seen hide nor hair of him since he eloped with his girlfriend.
We haven't seen him anywhere.
We haven't seen him for over ten years.
We haven't seen him in a while.
We haven't seen him since that time.
We haven't seen him since then.
We haven't seen him.
We haven't seen it yet.
We haven't seen much of Tom lately.
We haven't seen much of Tom since Mary committed suicide.
We haven't seen much of Tom since his divorce.
We haven't seen much of him since his divorce.
We haven't seen or heard anything.
We haven't seen or heard from Tom for a long time.
We haven't seen or heard from Tom in a long time.
We haven't seen or heard from Tom in years.
We haven't seen or heard from him for a long time.
We haven't seen our other partner all year.
We haven't seen that yet.
We haven't seen the singer.
We haven't seen them for more than half an hour.
We haven't seen them in a while.
We haven't seen them.
We haven't seen this before.
We haven't seen what we need to see.
We haven't seen you anywhere.
We haven't seen you for a long time.
We haven't seen you for a while.
We haven't seen you for four years.
We haven't seen you in a while.
We haven't seen you in four years.
We haven't seen you in the past four years.
We haven't seen you since secondary school.
We haven't set foot outside today.
We haven't set off yet.
We haven't set our priorities right.
We haven't settled this matter yet.
We haven't slept in days.
We haven't smoked much.
We haven't solved it yet.
We haven't spoken Berber in months.
We haven't spoken French to each other in years.
We haven't spoken Turkish.
We haven't spoken a word!
We haven't spoken about it.
We haven't spoken in months. You haven't returned my texts or my calls.
We haven't spoken in ten days.
We haven't spoken in three years.
We haven't spoken to Tom yet.
We haven't spoken to each other in a long time.
We haven't started yet.
We haven't started.
We haven't stocked that model for a long time.
We haven't taken off yet.
We haven't talked about Algeria.
We haven't talked about it a whole lot.
We haven't talked about it yet.
We haven't talked about that yet.
We haven't talked for a while.
We haven't talked in years.
We haven't talked since.
We haven't talked to Tom about that yet.
We haven't talked to Tom yet.
We haven't talked to each other since the accident.
We haven't thought about it yet.
We haven't thought about it.
We haven't thought of everything.
We haven't told Tom anything yet.
We haven't told Tom anything.
We haven't told Tom yet.
We haven't told Tom.
We haven't told them yet.
We haven't touched anything.
We haven't tried doing it that way.
We haven't tried doing that yet.
We haven't tried that yet.
We haven't tried the drug out on humans yet.
We haven't turned a stove on.
We haven't used it for a long time.
We haven't used it in a while.
We haven't used it in at least ten years.
We haven't visited Australia yet.
We haven't visited Boston yet.
We haven't visited Corsica.
We haven't visited Lebanon.
We haven't visited New Zealand.
We haven't visited Taiwan.
We haven't visited her new house.
We haven't washed our hands yet.
We haven't wasted any time.
We haven't won anything yet.
We haven't won anything.
We haven't worked out custody of the children yet.
We haven't yet agreed on a price.
We haven't yet analyzed the results.
We haven't yet answered Tom's letter.
We haven't yet been informed of the committee's decision.
We haven't yet been to Boston.
We haven't yet been told what to do.
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.
We haven't yet been told.
We haven't yet begun to fight.
We haven't yet bought a Christmas tree.
We haven't yet built a house.
We haven't yet chosen a name for our team.
We haven't yet closed the deal.
We haven't yet completed our business.
We haven't yet dealt with that problem.
We haven't yet decided what to do tomorrow.
We haven't yet decided what to do with it.
We haven't yet decided what to do.
We haven't yet decided where we'll go tomorrow.
We haven't yet determined that.
We haven't yet discussed that problem.
We haven't yet discussed which method is better.
We haven't yet done everything we need to do.
We haven't yet done the work.
We haven't yet done what needs to be done.
We haven't yet finished eating that watermelon.
We haven't yet finished eating, but I'll come as soon as we have.
We haven't yet finished what we have to do.
We haven't yet found a good solution.
We haven't yet found a happy medium.
We haven't yet found a solution to that problem.
We haven't yet found a solution.
We haven't yet found the culprit.
We haven't yet given names to these puppies.
We haven't yet had time to do that.
We haven't yet hit bottom.
We haven't yet landed.
We haven't yet learned the particulars of the accident.
We haven't yet made that decision.
We haven't yet named these puppies.
We haven't yet packed our suitcases.
We haven't yet reached an agreement.
We haven't yet sold all of them.
We haven't yet spoken to Tom.
We haven't yet succeeded.
We haven't yet talked about it.
We haven't yet talked about what needs to be done.
We haven't yet told Tom about what happened.
We haven't yet washed our hands.
We haven’t been able to find out anything about Grandma and Grandpa.
We haven’t been able to handle this so far.
We haven’t changed how we think of her.
We haven’t come so as to be told off.
We haven’t decided where to take a rest.
We haven’t had a price increase in the last five years.
We haven’t had much rain this year.
We haven’t heard from her of late.
We haven’t heard of him lately.
We haven’t known each other long.
We haven’t met for ages.
We haven’t seen each other for such a long time.
We haven’t seen her of late.
We haven’t seen hide nor hair of him since he eloped with his girlfriend.
We haven’t seen it yet.
We haven’t seen much of Tom since Mary committed suicide.
We haven’t seen much of Tom since his divorce.
We haven’t seen you in the past four years.
We haven’t tried the drug out on humans yet.
We have a lot of time left.
We head northwards.
We head to Kenya where trachoma, a preventable disease that can cause blindness, is prevalent.
We headed back hand in hand.
We headed back having taken each other by the hand.
We headed back inside.
We headed due north.
We headed for Algiers, the capital of Algeria.
We headed for shelter.
We headed for the mountain cottage.
We headed off to the airport.
We headed out there.
We headed out.
We headed to his new house.
We headed to the club.
We headed to the library.
We headed to the light.
We headed to the meadow for a picnic.
We headed to the monday market.
We headed up onto the roof.
We hear a lot about energy drinks and their beneficial properties.
We hear a lot of French spoken here.
We hear gunshots almost every night.
We hear music with our ears.
We hear music.
We hear the church bell from here.
We hear the mice squeaking.
We hear the noise of the train during the night.
We hear the plop of a frog jumping into the canal.
We hear the tree falling but not the forest growing.
We hear with ears.
We hear with our ears.
We hear you, Tom.
We hear you.
We hear!
We heard Tom and Mary were in trouble.
We heard Tom come downstairs.
We heard Tom cry.
We heard Tom crying.
We heard Tom doing that.
We heard Tom leave, but we didn't hear Mary leave.
We heard Tom shouting for help.
We heard Tom speaking French.
We heard Tom was in trouble.
We heard Tom.
We heard a cry from above.
We heard a dog barking.
We heard a gunshot.
We heard a knock on the door.
We heard a lot of yelling.
We heard a loud explosion.
We heard a motorbike roaring up the road.
We heard a noise in the bedroom.
We heard a noise.
We heard a shot not far away.
We heard a sound.
We heard a storm was headed our way, so we headed for shore.
We heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen.
We heard a tiger roaring in the distance.
We heard a voice from the bedroom.
We heard a voice in the bedroom.
We heard about the killing of his children in Jos.
We heard about you.
We heard about your company from Mr Morris of Digital Com Company.
We heard an explosion in the distance.
We heard an extremely loud sound.
We heard birds chirping.
We heard birds singing in the morning.
We heard coughing.
We heard from Tom.
We heard glass shattering in our street.
We heard gunfire.
We heard gunshots from next door.
We heard gunshots.
We heard he's moving for good.
We heard her call for help.
We heard her cry.
We heard her crying.
We heard her pronounce it.
We heard her when she said it.
We heard her.
We heard him call for help.
We heard him come down the stairs.
We heard him come downstairs.
We heard him cry.
We heard him crying.
We heard him laughing.
We heard him.
We heard it from Mr Such and such.
We heard it was bad weather, so we decided to cancel the trip.
We heard it.
We heard jackals.
We heard nothing but crickets.
We heard nothing.
We heard one of the dogs barking.
We heard oohs and ahs from the audience.
We heard our dog barking.
We heard screaming outside.
We heard screaming.
We heard screams.
We heard several explosions in the distance.
We heard several explosions.
We heard shooting.
We heard shots in the distance.
We heard shots.
We heard snickering from the audience.
We heard somber hollow sounds from the cave.
We heard some children singing in French.
We heard some strange noises coming from the cellar during the night.
We heard some strange noises during the night.
We heard somebody scream.
We heard somebody shout.
We heard someone go upstairs.
We heard someone scream.
We heard something moving in the next room.
We heard that Tom had committed suicide, but we didn't really believe it.
We heard that Tom had committed suicide, but we didn’t really believe it.
We heard that Tom was doing that.
We heard that a storm was headed our way, so we headed for shore.
We heard that he had committed suicide, but we didn't really believe it.
We heard that the company's stock is about to plummet, so we're getting out while the getting is good.
We heard that the weather was bad, so we decided to put off our trip.
We heard that you had trouble.
We heard that you were sick.
We heard that.
We heard the announcement through the loudspeakers.
We heard the approach of breaking waves as the tide came in.
We heard the bomb go off.
We heard the boy playing the violin.
We heard the church bells.
We heard the crack of thunder.
We heard the dogs barking again.
We heard the dogs barking.
We heard the door close.
We heard the door closing.
We heard the door open.
We heard the door shut.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
We heard the explosion and saw the house burst into flames.
We heard the guard snoring and snuck past him.
We heard the news on the jungle telegraph.
We heard the news that you had passed the exam.
We heard the slow and heavy tramp of feet on the stairs.
We heard the sound of a bell in the distance.
We heard the sound of a distant bell.
We heard the sound of dogs barking and men shouting.
We heard the sound of gunshots.
We heard the sound of helicopters overhead.
We heard the speech to the end.
We heard the swing squeaking back and forth in the park where there was supposed to be no one else but us.
We heard the tree fall with a crash.
We heard the unmistakable roar of a lion somewhere deep in the jungle.
We heard the wild dogs howling.
We heard them.
We heard this song before.
We heard three shots.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
We heard voices in the room.
We heard voices.
We heard what sounded like gunshots.
We heard you loud and clear.
We heard you.
We heard.
We heat with wood.
We heated the food.
We heaved a sigh.
We held a farewell party in Dr Kawamura's honour.
We held a farewell party in honor of Dr. Kawamura.
We held a meeting with a view to discussing the problem.
We held a party in honor of our company's twentieth anniversary.
We held a party in honor of the 20th anniversary of our company.
We held a pleasant conversation with the old man.
We held a pleasant conversation.
We held a seminar.
We held a yard sale last weekend.
We held each other tight.
We held hands, once.
We held many negotiations but to no purpose.
We held on tightly to the branch.
We held our breath and waited for the result of the experiment.
We held our breath.
We held our breaths and waited.
We held our breaths.
We held our fire.
We held out an olive branch.
We help Mina.
We help Tom in a lot of ways.
We help Tom.
We help anyone who needs it.
We help each other out.
We help each other.
We help everyone benefit from useful example sentences.
We help for free. If someone wants money from you, they are a scammer.
We help her.
We help him.
We help others.
We help resolve disputes.
We help the kids study.
We help the news to be true.
We help the poor.
We help them in a lot of ways.
We help them.
We help whenever we can.
We help you, not to help you, but to help you help us.
We helped Hassan.
We helped Mom and Dad with the dishes.
We helped Mom run the business.
We helped Nuja.
We helped Tom clean his house.
We helped Tom find a job.
We helped Tom harvest potatoes.
We helped Tom once.
We helped Tom out when we could.
We helped Tom the best we could.
We helped Tom weed the garden.
We helped Tom.
We helped each other to overcome the difficulties.
We helped each other.
We helped evacuate the injured.
We helped her.
We helped him financially.
We helped him out.
We helped him.
We helped on the farm.
We helped one another.
We helped others.
We helped out.
We helped pay for it.
We helped people.
We helped rebuild the mosque.
We helped the girl.
We helped the kids study.
We helped the poor.
We helped the prisoners escape.
We helped them as well.
We helped them once.
We helped them out when we could.
We helped them the best we could.
We helped them weed the garden.
We helped them.
We helped.
We here don't like outsiders.
We hesitantly agreed.
We hesitated.
We hid all the time.
We hid behind a bush so that no one would see us.
We hid behind a garbage dump.
We hid behind the tree.
We hid from Tom in the garage.
We hid from Tom.
We hid in the bushes and behind the trees.
We hid in the bushes.
We hid in the cave together.
We hid in the old mine.
We hid inside.
We hid on the island.
We hid our faces.
We hid our worries from our wives.
We hid them in the fields.
We hid under the bed.
We hid under the table.
We hid.
We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.
We hiked along the shore.
We hiked around the area.
We hiked around the lake.
We hiked back to the camp.
We hiked in the mountain breeze.
We hiked through a beautiful green valley.
We hiked through a tropical rain forest when we visited Brazil.
We hiked through the mountains all day long and enjoyed the views.
We hiked up a butte surrounded by grass. It was so flat up there that we were able to walk around and get a good 360 view of the area.
We hire both male and female nurses.
We hire prostitutes.
We hired Mina.
We hired Tom a chemistry tutor.
We hired Tom yesterday.
We hired Tom.
We hired a boat by the hour in the park.
We hired a boat by the hour.
We hired a bout by the hour.
We hired a canoe.
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy.
We hired a chemistry tutor for Tom.
We hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house.
We hired a crane to lift the new air conditioner and place it on the roof.
We hired a gardener to trim our hedge.
We hired a good lawyer for Tom.
We hired a guide for our white-water rafting trip.
We hired a locksmith to open the door.
We hired a nanny named Mary.
We hired a private investigator to look into Mom's boyfriend.
We hired a rent-a-car by the day.
We hired a rowing boat.
We hired an off-road vehicle.
We hired her.
We hired him.
We hired somebody who speaks French.
We hired someone who speaks French.
We hired them.
We hit Silya.
We hit a bump.
We hit a deer.
We hit a sandbar.
We hit a snag, but found a workaround.
We hit bedrock.
We hit it off immediately.
We hit it off right away.
We hit it off right off the bat.
We hit it off.
We hit on them at the bus terminal.
We hit the hay early in order to get up at dawn.
We hit the jackpot.
We hit the right road in the dark.
We hold a meeting once a month.
We hold an exhibition every year.
We hold fast to what we believe in.
We hold live classes for groups of more than 5 people.
We hold online meetings with partners across Algeria.
We hold our meetings in French.
We hold out no expectation of success.
We hold peace in our hands.
We hold that economy will soon improve.
We hold that he is not guilty.
We hold the fascist regime responsible for these crimes.
We hold the pen with two fingers: the thumb and the index finger.
We hold the same principles.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal . . .
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
We hold this tradition dear.
We home-schooled all three of our children.
We honeymooned in Australia.
We honeymooned in Kabylie, Algeria.
We honor heroes.
We honor our heroes.
We honor the past by living fully in the present.
We honor the wisdom of those who came before us.
We honor them just as they are.
We hope Algeria goes down the right path.
We hope Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
We hope Tom and Mary are OK.
We hope Tom and Mary don't do that again.
We hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
We hope Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do.
We hope Tom can do that.
We hope Tom does something.
We hope Tom does well.
We hope Tom doesn't do that again.
We hope Tom doesn't do that.
We hope Tom doesn't win.
We hope Tom gets well soon.
We hope Tom hasn't been seriously hurt.
We hope Tom hasn't been seriously injured.
We hope Tom is OK.
We hope Tom stays here for a few days.
We hope Tom sticks around for a couple of weeks.
We hope Tom will do so.
We hope Tom will do that soon.
We hope Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
We hope Tom will do what we've asked.
We hope Tom will help us.
We hope Tom will see it.
We hope a solution is found.
We hope all the students will come back.
We hope everyone will come and have a good time.
We hope for better weather.
We hope for peace.
We hope for the best but expect the worst.
We hope for the best for our group of young Kabyle sportsmen.
We hope for the best.
We hope he gets well soon.
We hope he sticks around for a couple of weeks.
We hope he'll get well soon.
We hope he'll help us.
We hope he'll make a speedy recovery.
We hope he'll provide us with a response.
We hope it doesn't come to that.
We hope it doesn't happen again.
We hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
We hope it doesn't rain.
We hope it isn't true.
We hope it rains today.
We hope it works.
We hope it'll end.
We hope it's all true.
We hope it's good.
We hope many of you will come.
We hope others will do the same.
We hope others will join us.
We hope people like it.
We hope prices are going to drop.
We hope she will take heart soon.
We hope so.
We hope someday, having solved the problems we face, to join a community of galactic civilizations. This record represents our hope and our determination, and our good will in a vast and awesome universe.
We hope someone endows the new university building.
We hope that Tom can go there.
We hope that Tom does well.
We hope that Tom hasn't been seriously hurt.
We hope that Tom hasn't been seriously injured.
We hope that Tom stays here for a few days.
We hope that Tom sticks around for a couple of weeks.
We hope that Tom will help us.
We hope that doesn't happen again.
We hope that doesn't happen.
We hope that everyone will come and have a good time.
We hope that happens sooner rather than later.
We hope that happens.
We hope that he can go there.
We hope that he will be with us in the party.
We hope that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
We hope that it is not the first time we will meet.
We hope that it will never happen to us.
We hope that it works.
We hope that many people will visit it.
We hope that many will do so on the basis of this grammar, but it was with considered care that we called it a grammar of the international language, which is to imply that other grammars and other variants of the same language are not only possible but highly welcome.
We hope that more people will participate this year.
We hope that others will join us.
We hope that our team wins.
We hope that our young people who are expatriating will come back one day or another, with a force that will enable them to rid themselves of the raptors that have prompted them to leave.
We hope that prevails.
We hope that someday we'll be able to do that.
We hope that soon we'll be fully staffed.
We hope that storks will come to us again and again.
We hope that that doesn't happen again.
We hope that that doesn't happen.
We hope that that happens sooner rather than later.
We hope that that happens.
We hope that that wasn't Tom's intention.
We hope that the administration doesn't make the same mistake again.
We hope that the bridge will reopen soon.
We hope that the earthquake that just struck Haiti doesn't turn out as devastating as the one from 2010.
We hope that the jabuticabas ripen soon.
We hope that the museum will reopen soon.
We hope that the road will reopen soon.
We hope that the truth comes to light.
We hope that the year happens to us will bring only good.
We hope that there is closure.
We hope that they will keep their word.
We hope that things will be back to normal by October.
We hope that things will be better soon.
We hope that this book will be another small step in the teaching of writing in Tamazight.
We hope that this new product satisfies your clientele.
We hope that this painting can be restored.
We hope that this problem will be solved soon.
We hope that this time it'll work.
We hope that wasn't Tom's intention.
We hope that we can go there.
We hope that we don't have another losing season.
We hope that we get enough donations to build a library here.
We hope that we'll be done by the end of October.
We hope that we'll have the results by Monday.
We hope that you all will sign this petition.
We hope that you can do that today.
We hope that you can help us.
We hope that you didn't get hurt.
We hope that you do that.
We hope that you don't do that again.
We hope that you don't do that anymore.
We hope that you don't do that.
We hope that you don't ever do that again.
We hope that you don't get hurt.
We hope that you find what you're looking for.
We hope that you go to the meeting on Saturday night.
We hope that you succeed.
We hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted.
We hope that you visit Australia.
We hope that you visit Boston.
We hope that you will be able to join us at this seminar.
We hope that you will be able to rewrite the paper and submit it to us as a new paper.
We hope that you will succeed.
We hope that you won't be late.
We hope that you won't do that.
We hope that you won't freeze.
We hope that you'll be able to do everything you want to do.
We hope that you'll be comfortable here.
We hope that you'll be happy here.
We hope that you'll be in Australia next spring.
We hope that you'll be in Boston next spring.
We hope that you'll do that.
We hope that you'll get here on time.
We hope that you'll succeed.
We hope that you'll visit Boston.
We hope that you're ready.
We hope that your time with us was enjoyable.
We hope the bridge will reopen soon.
We hope the challenger will unseat the incumbent.
We hope the doctors can find the cause of Tom's chest pain with an endoscopic ultrasound.
We hope the governor signs it.
We hope the museum will reopen soon.
We hope the next 20 years will be even more successful for all of us.
We hope the nightmare will come to an end.
We hope the nightmare will end.
We hope the others will join us.
We hope the plane will land at 2 p.m.
We hope the process will be as expeditious as possible.
We hope the public will join us.
We hope the road will reopen soon.
We hope the war will be over soon.
We hope the war will end.
We hope there won't be any bloodshed.
We hope they will support us.
We hope things will be back to normal by October.
We hope things will change.
We hope things won't get any worse.
We hope this book will be another small step in the path of teaching and writing Tamazight.
We hope this is true.
We hope this isn't what it seems.
We hope this never happens again.
We hope this problem will be solved soon.
We hope this study proves useful.
We hope this summer will be like those we use to have before.
We hope this time it'll work.
We hope this will be to your satisfaction.
We hope to accomplish a lot this year.
We hope to achieve that.
We hope to add more zines over time, so if you are zinester, let us know!
We hope to arrive on time.
We hope to at least double our profits this coming year.
We hope to avoid a bloodbath.
We hope to avoid bloodshed.
We hope to be able to do that next year.
We hope to be able to do this again next year.
We hope to be back next year.
We hope to be finished by the end of the year.
We hope to be moved into our new house by Monday.
We hope to break new ground.
We hope to come back alive.
We hope to come to an accord with them about arms reduction.
We hope to come up with a solution soon.
We hope to cover the deficit.
We hope to do a good job.
We hope to do better than last time.
We hope to do better this week.
We hope to do this forever.
We hope to establish a closer relationship between us.
We hope to find a solution in the near future.
We hope to find a solution to this problem in the near future.
We hope to find a solution.
We hope to finish planting the field before the sun sets.
We hope to get married on a beach.
We hope to get the jump on the competition.
We hope to have another festival date for you today.
We hope to have so much rain so the farmer will be happy.
We hope to have some time.
We hope to have the results by Monday.
We hope to have this job finished by the end of the week.
We hope to improve with time.
We hope to lower the tariff.
We hope to meet you again.
We hope to meet you at UK97.
We hope to meet you for the UK97.
We hope to organize a tennis club.
We hope to reach the summit before it gets dark.
We hope to reach the summit before nightfall.
We hope to reach the top before nightfall.
We hope to reach the top of the mountain before dawn.
We hope to reopen soon.
We hope to return next year.
We hope to see a lot of development over the next decade.
We hope to see you again in the future.
We hope to see you again.
We hope to see you back in Boston again soon.
We hope to see you in Boston soon.
We hope to see you on Christmas Eve.
We hope to see you soon.
We hope to see you there.
We hope to start construction in October.
We hope to win the championship.
We hope to win.
We hope we can go there.
We hope we don't have another losing season.
We hope we will make our home full of love and happiness.
We hope we'll be able to do that next year.
We hope we'll be done by the end of October.
We hope we'll have an opportunity to do that.
We hope we'll have the results by Monday.
We hope we're wrong.
We hope you all have a lovely evening.
We hope you all will sign this petition.
We hope you are having a great night.
We hope you can help us.
We hope you come back home soon.
We hope you didn't get hurt.
We hope you do that soon.
We hope you don't do that.
We hope you don't get hurt.
We hope you enjoy it here.
We hope you enjoy the movie.
We hope you enjoy the result.
We hope you enjoy your stay here.
We hope you enjoy yourselves.
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
We hope you find it useful.
We hope you find what you're looking for.
We hope you have a long career in literature.
We hope you have a pleasant stay.
We hope you have fun.
We hope you like it.
We hope you like our show.
We hope you succeed.
We hope you visit Australia soon.
We hope you visit Australia.
We hope you visit Boston soon.
We hope you visit Boston.
We hope you will enjoy the show.
We hope you will join us in our quest.
We hope you will understand the difficult circumstances we're working under.
We hope you will understand the difficult circumstances we’re working under.
We hope you won't be late.
We hope you won't freeze.
We hope you'll be able to do everything you want to do.
We hope you'll be back in Boston soon.
We hope you'll be comfortable here.
We hope you'll be happy here.
We hope you'll be here.
We hope you'll be in Boston next spring.
We hope you'll cooperate.
We hope you'll enjoy your stay.
We hope you'll get here on time.
We hope you'll join us.
We hope you'll succeed.
We hope you'll visit Boston.
We hope you're delighted with us.
We hope you're having a great night.
We hope you're in good health.
We hope you're ready.
We hope your stay was enjoyable.
We hope your time with us was enjoyable.
We hope you’re having a fantastic day, and that the year ahead brings the nicest postcards to your mailbox.
We hoped Tom would win.
We hoped for a miracle.
We hoped he would come and help us at once.
We hoped he would come to his senses.
We hoped she would win.
We hoped some students would come, but there were none in the classroom.
We hoped that she would win.
We hoped to have done with the work before the holidays.
We hoped we could do that.
We hoped we could teleport to another planet.
We hoped we'd be able to win the game.
We hoped we'd succeed today.
We hoped we’d be able to win the game.
We hoped you'd forget.
We hosted a party.
We huddled into that tent, 19 below, that day. I'll never forget it.
We huddled together and talked about all sorts of things into the wee hours of the night.
We hugged Mary.
We hugged Mina.
We hugged Tom.
We hugged again after many years.
We hugged and kissed.
We hugged each other and started crying.
We hugged each other as tightly as we could.
We hugged each other.
We hugged in silence, he got on the train and I never saw him again.
We hugged them.
We human beings, as a species, are victims of our own success.
We humans are the best example of an invasive species.
We humans depend very much on our eyes for information about our surroundings.
We humans have a great way of twisting facts to fit our conclusion as soon as we have made one.
We humans like to think we rule the world.
We hung a Christmas wreath on the front door.
We hung in there.
We hung on in spite of all the troubles.
We hung our diplomas on the wall.
We hung out in the coffee shop.
We hung the painting above the fireplace.
We hung up the laundry together.
We hung up the laundry.
We hurried down the stairs.
We hurried for fear we should be late for school.
We hurried home.
We hurried in the direction of the fire.
We hurried inside.
We hurried into the square.
We hurried onto the square.
We hurried out of the restaurant.
We hurried so as not to be late for the concert.
We hurried to catch the bus.
We hurried to make up for lost time.
We hurried to make up for the lost time.
We hurried to see him.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
We hurried to the airport, but we missed the plane.
We hurried to the bus stop.
We hurried to the station only to miss the train.
We hurried to the station, but we still missed the train.
We hurried to the train station.
We hurried toward the fire.
We hurried, so we didn't miss the last bus.
We hurried, so we didn’t miss the last bus.
We hurriedly left.
We hurt Tom.
We hurt one another.
We hurt our backs.
We hurt our elbows.
We hurt our legs while playing football.
We hurt them.
We idealize everybody’s thinking, and even our own access to reasons, blithely attributing phantom bouts of clever reasoning to ourselves after the fact.
We idealized Mina.
We identified their shooter.
We identify as Algerian.
We identify as Berbers.
We identify as Muslim.
We identify ourselves religiously as Muslim.
We ignored Mina.
We ignored Tom.
We ignored her.
We ignored him.
We ignored our father's recommendations.
We ignored the radio.
We ignored them.
We illustrated a children's book.
We imagine immediately what is the worst.
We imagine the impression others have of us.
We imagined what might have happened, acted upon the supposition, and find ourselves justified.
We imitate the same behaviors.
We immediately became friends.
We immediately came.
We immediately felt annoyed.
We immediately opened an investigation.
We implemented our models in C++.
We implore their assistance.
We implore their forgiveness.
We import a large quantity of food.
We import a lot of things from Australia.
We import coffee from Brazil.
We import flour from America.
We import grain from Canada every year.
We import grain from the United States.
We import many things from Australia.
We import raw materials and export the finished products.
We import tea from India.
We imported meat from Argentina.
We imported this from Australia.
We impose upon our representatives a high standard of probity. Even a small lapse in integrity will result in recall.
We imposed restrictions on them.
We improve by reflecting on our mistakes.
We improved the quality.
We inched forward.
We indicted the wrong person for homicide.
We individualised ourselves from the ecstatic crowd.
We indulged in a decadent chocolate cake.
We indulged in conversation and drink.
We inhaled the salty air.
We inherit our genes from our parents.
We inherited everything there was.
We inherited many of the genes of archaic humans.
We inject it intramuscularly.
We inquired.
We insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible.
We insist that during the next three days you make decisions which are fair to all generations and which show an active concern for the environment.
We insist that this project be carried out immediately.
We insist.
We insisted on its importance.
We insisted on rich and poor being treated alike.
We insisted that he go there.
We inspected the cave.
We inspire pity.
We installed a new air conditioner.
We installed a new culvert to improve drainage.
We installed pendant lights above the kitchen island.
We installed surveillance cameras.
We instantly became friends.
We insult people.
We insulted Mina.
We insulted Tom.
We insulted people.
We integrated into their group.
We intend to change that.
We intend to consider your request favourably.
We intend to destroy it.
We intend to do better next year.
We intend to do so.
We intend to leave tomorrow.
We intend to look into that matter.
We intend to meet the deadline if possible.
We intend to persevere until the end.
We intend to persist.
We intend to right that wrong.
We intend to rob a bank.
We intend to take away their power to make war.
We intended to let you in on the secret.
We intended to start right away.
We intended to stay there about two weeks.
We intended to stay.
We interjected ourselves again.
We interpret your silence as consent.
We interrupt this broadcast for an urgent message.
We interrupt this program for an urgent message.
We interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin.
We interrupt this programme to bring you a newsflash.
We interrupt this programme to bring you an important announcement.
We interrupted them.
We interviewed Tom.
We interviewed presidents.
We introduce you to the entire line up of songs that made it into The Best Ten.
We introduced ourselves in turn.
We introduced ourselves to each other.
We introduced ourselves.
We invented that.
We investigated ourselves and found we did nothing wrong.
We investigated the matter from all angles.
We invite everyone to join us.
We invite you and your children.
We invite you to come visit us in the summer.
We invite you to listen to us again.
We invite you to take part in the initiative and contribute to the creation of maps.
We invited 30 people to our party. However, only 13 came.
We invited Tom to our house.
We invited Tom to our party.
We invited Tom to stay.
We invited Tom to the dinner party.
We invited a novelist and poet to the party.
We invited all our friends to the party.
We invited all our friends.
We invited him and, lo and behold, he didn't come.
We invited him to our house.
We invited him to the dinner party.
We invited him to the mosque.
We invited him to the party, but he did not show up.
We invited our London friends.
We invited our friends from London.
We invited our new neighbors over for a drink.
We invited our parents to the gig, and almost all of them came.
We invited ten couples to the party.
We invited them for dinner.
We invited them to dinner.
We irritated Mina.
We irritated Tom.
We jammed into the elevator.
We jog before breakfast every morning.
We jog every day before breakfast.
We jog together.
We join forces to reach our goal.
We joined Tom the following day.
We joined forces to reach our goal.
We joined in on the chorus.
We joined in the discussion.
We joined our hands.
We joined school in the fourth grade.
We joined the country club.
We joined the infantry.
We joined the navy after finishing college.
We joined the soccer team.
We journey together, finding strength in our unity.
We journey together, finding strength in unity.
We judge others' mistakes as prosecutors, yet our own as defense attorneys.
We judge ourselves by our intentions and others by their actions.
We judge people every day.
We judged our possessions to be unimportant.
We judges are all in the same boat when it comes to dealing with human rights issues in Turkey, and we judges in the Netherlands are on the fence about whether to take any new actions or stick with the current ones.
We jump too quickly to conclusions.
We jumped in the water.
We jumped into the river.
We jumped off our bikes and sat in the grass.
We jumped off.
We jumped out of bed.
We jumped the fence, too.
We jumped the fence.
We jumped up to catch the ball.
We jumped when the plane flew over.
We just arrived at the station.
We just arrived.
We just ate dinner.
We just ate lunch.
We just ate sushi and drank beer.
We just barely had enough time to eat lunch.
We just barely made the train.
We just barely squeezed into the car.
We just blew it.
We just bought a house.
We just bought a new house.
We just broke up.
We just came from our hotel to see Buckingham Palace, and now we are going to go from here to Piccadilly Square.
We just came in.
We just came to Australia last week.
We just came to Boston last week.
We just can't actually prove it.
We just can't find it.
We just can't keep doing that.
We just can't let in every Tom, Dick, and Harry.
We just can't quit.
We just can't stand each other.
We just can't take that chance.
We just can't trust anyone.
We just celebrated our thirtieth anniversary.
We just cleaned our room.
We just cleaned the restroom.
We just cleaned the toilet.
We just come by to say "good luck."
We just couldn't do it.
We just couldn't do that.
We just couldn't find anything.
We just couldn't finish it.
We just couldn't help ourselves.
We just couldn't make it happen.
We just couldn't say no.
We just couldn't wait any longer.
We just cried.
We just crossed the second bridge.
We just did it for kicks.
We just did our job.
We just did that this morning.
We just did that without asking why.
We just did that.
We just did what felt natural.
We just did what felt right.
We just did what we had to do.
We just didn't do enough.
We just didn't expect it.
We just didn't get it done.
We just didn't get the job done.
We just didn't have a plan then.
We just didn't want to do that.
We just do what we can.
We just do what we do.
We just don't believe it.
We just don't feel like dancing.
We just don't have a lot of time.
We just don't have enough money to buy a car.
We just don't have enough money.
We just don't have enough time.
We just don't have the money.
We just don't have the time.
We just don't know enough yet.
We just don't know the answer to that.
We just don't know what happened.
We just don't know what it is.
We just don't know what it means.
We just don't know why.
We just don't know.
We just don't notice it any more.
We just don't notice it anymore.
We just don't say it that way.
We just don't see it often.
We just don't think it's cool.
We just don't want to deal with that right now.
We just don't want to rush things.
We just drifted apart.
We just fed the baby.
We just finished dinner.
We just finished lunch.
We just finished painting the house.
We just finished painting the wall.
We just finished.
We just fired Tom.
We just fixed a couple things.
We just flew in this morning.
We just found a technical problem.
We just found a way to win.
We just found her.
We just found it a half hour ago.
We just found ourselves in here.
We just found out about it.
We just found the murder weapon.
We just found them.
We just gave up too soon.
We just go there!
We just got Tom to go to sleep.
We just got back from Australia.
We just got back from Boston.
We just got back.
We just got her to go to sleep.
We just got here today.
We just got here yesterday.
We just got here.
We just got him to go to sleep.
We just got home from work.
We just got home.
We just got lucky.
We just got married, and this is our honeymoon.
We just got married.
We just got on with the day.
We just got out of the room.
We just got rid of everything.
We just got started.
We just got them to go to sleep.
We just got this car.
We just got this.
We just got to first base.
We just had Tom's room painted last week.
We just had a bad day.
We just had a few problems.
We just had a talk.
We just had sex.
We just had to deal with it.
We just had to get it done.
We just happened to be there.
We just have a few minutes.
We just have differing opinions.
We just have enough time to eat breakfast.
We just have fun.
We just have to adjust.
We just have to be aggressive.
We just have to be more aggressive.
We just have to be patient here.
We just have to be patient.
We just have to bounce back.
We just have to do it.
We just have to do our best.
We just have to explain why.
We just have to find Tom before the police do.
We just have to find Tom.
We just have to find her.
We just have to find him.
We just have to find them.
We just have to get much better.
We just have to get out of here.
We just have to go do that.
We just have to go out and do it.
We just have to grin and bear it.
We just have to keep doing it.
We just have to keep doing what we're doing.
We just have to keep going.
We just have to keep looking.
We just have to keep plugging away.
We just have to keep winning.
We just have to keep working.
We just have to learn to live with it.
We just have to learn to live without it.
We just have to make it happen.
We just have to make sure Tom and Mary are planning to be here.
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here.
We just have to make the right choices.
We just have to move on.
We just have to put the finishing touches to the work, and it will be ready to be delivered.
We just have to sign it.
We just have to sit tight and hope.
We just have to start somewhere.
We just have to stick together.
We just have to swallow it.
We just have to take that chance.
We just have to trust each other.
We just have to wait and see if that's going to happen.
We just have to wait and see what's going to happen.
We just have to wait and see.
We just have to wait for our flight.
We just have to wait for the dust to settle.
We just have to wait it out.
We just have to work very hard.
We just heard Tom.
We just hired Tom.
We just hired her.
We just hired him.
We just hired them.
We just hope it continues.
We just hope it never happens again.
We just hope that it never happens again.
We just hope we'll get paid.
We just hung out and talked.
We just ignore Tom.
We just keep on ticking with all the shit going on.
We just keep trying our best.
We just kept fighting.
We just kept on going.
We just kept pushing.
We just kept working hard.
We just kind of lost touch.
We just knew that we could do it.
We just knew we could do it.
We just landed.
We just left.
We just lived in Australia for a short time.
We just lived in Boston for a short time.
We just looked at a microscopic piece of sponge through a microscope.
We just looked at each other and started to laugh.
We just made too many mistakes.
We just managed to catch the last train.
We just met Tom.
We just met in the corridor.
We just met last week.
We just met our match.
We just met today.
We just met tonight.
We just met yesterday.
We just met.
We just missed the last bus, so we'll have to walk home.
We just missed the train.
We just missed them.
We just moved in with Grandpa.
We just moved in.
We just moved.
We just need a couple more days for the rent.
We just need a little bit more time.
We just need a little help.
We just need a little more money.
We just need a little more time.
We just need a little time.
We just need a minute.
We just need a plan.
We just need money to do it.
We just need more time.
We just need one shot.
We just need proper funding.
We just need some more time.
We just need some practice.
We just need some time.
We just need the will to do so.
We just need thirty minutes.
We just need time.
We just need to be creative.
We just need to bide our time.
We just need to do better next time.
We just need to do better.
We just need to do it better.
We just need to finish.
We just need to get going.
We just need to get out of here.
We just need to get this done as soon as possible.
We just need to get used to this.
We just need to have patience.
We just need to let them be kids.
We just need to play better.
We just need to put our best foot forward.
We just need to relax.
We just need to stay calm.
We just need to take care of business.
We just need to talk to Tom.
We just need to talk to her.
We just need to talk to him.
We just need to talk to them.
We just need to talk to you.
We just need to wait and see.
We just need to win more games.
We just need water.
We just needed to relax.
We just needed to stay together.
We just never got around to it.
We just now cleaned the toilet.
We just passed Park Street.
We just passed Route 3.
We just played doctor.
We just proved it.
We just put it on your fingertips.
We just ran out of ideas.
We just ran out of the white wine.
We just relaxed and had fun.
We just remembered what we wanted.
We just rested thirty minutes ago.
We just rolled up our sleeves and started doing it.
We just said what happened.
We just sat there for a while, not dong anything.
We just saw Tom.
We just saw a frog eat an entire dragonfly in one bite.
We just saw her.
We just saw him.
We just saw his pretenses of moderate politics fall to pieces.
We just saw them.
We just see some things differently.
We just signed a huge contract.
We just signed up.
We just sold Tom our car.
We just sold our car to Tom.
We just sold our car.
We just squeaked by.
We just stared at them.
We just started sleeping in the same bed.
We just stayed in Boston for three days.
We just stood there.
We just stopped.
We just take one day at a time.
We just talk about what others are doing.
We just talk excessively.
We just talked about it today.
We just talked about stuff we did when we were kids.
We just talked for a little bit.
We just talked last night.
We just talked yesterday.
We just talked.
We just thought it was funny.
We just told Tom.
We just transferred here from Yale.
We just tried to do too much.
We just visited Australia last month.
We just visited Boston last month.
We just walked by each other without saying a thing.
We just walked up and down the beach all day.
We just want Tom back.
We just want Tom to come home.
We just want Tom to keep working.
We just want a little help.
We just want a place to worship.
We just want a second opinion.
We just want her back.
We just want him back.
We just want our jobs back.
We just want our money back.
We just want our share.
We just want people to be prepared.
We just want the public to be informed.
We just want the truth.
We just want them back.
We just want to ask Tom a few questions.
We just want to ask him a few questions about what he did last weekend.
We just want to be alone.
We just want to be happy.
We just want to be left alone.
We just want to be loved.
We just want to be reasonable.
We just want to be together.
We just want to buy enough for three people.
We just want to do nothing.
We just want to do our part.
We just want to find Tom.
We just want to find her.
We just want to find him.
We just want to find out who did this.
We just want to find them.
We just want to get this done.
We just want to go home.
We just want to have a few questions answered.
We just want to have enough to live well.
We just want to have fun.
We just want to have our opinions respected.
We just want to help Tom.
We just want to help the injured.
We just want to help them.
We just want to help you.
We just want to help.
We just want to keep going.
We just want to keep winning.
We just want to know if Tom and Mary are coming or not.
We just want to know what happened.
We just want to know whether Tom and Mary are coming or not.
We just want to know whether Tom is coming or not.
We just want to live in peace.
We just want to make sure the rights of our citizens are protected.
We just want to play chess.
We just want to sell you things.
We just want to spend a little more time with Mom.
We just want to survive this chaos.
We just want to take Tom home.
We just want to take her home.
We just want to take him home.
We just want to take them home.
We just want to talk to Tom.
We just want to talk to her.
We just want to talk to him.
We just want to talk to them.
We just want to talk to you.
We just want to talk.
We just want to win.
We just want what's best for you.
We just want you back.
We just want you to be happy.
We just want you to come back.
We just want you to get better.
We just want you to tell the truth.
We just want you to think about it.
We just wanted somewhere to hide.
We just wanted to have fun.
We just wanted to help you.
We just wanted to make sure.
We just wanted to prove that we could do it.
We just wanted to win.
We just wanted you to know that we care.
We just wanted you to know we care.
We just wanted you to know.
We just wasted 30 minutes.
We just watched a bunch of those videos.
We just went for a walk and talked.
We just went for a walk.
We just went to Boston last week.
We just went.
We just weren't good enough.
We just weren't meant to be together.
We just woke up.
We just won a twenty-pound turkey.
We just wouldn't do that.
We keep a collie as a pet.
We keep a record of everything you buy.
We keep a spare key hidden under our doormat.
We keep all of our brand assets in a shared folder that is accessible to the whole marketing team.
We keep chattering.
We keep diaries.
We keep finding brand new mistakes to make.
We keep having the same old problem of people not paying their bills on time.
We keep having to repeat ourselves.
We keep hope alive.
We keep in touch.
We keep late hours.
We keep lying to ourselves.
We keep making the same mistakes.
We keep our clean towels in a closet in the bathroom.
We keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away.
We keep our promises.
We keep pushing each other.
We keep records.
We keep shiitake mushrooms dry.
We keep the doors locked now.
We keep the empty bags under the sink.
We keep the fire department on speed dial.
We keep the food in the fridge.
We keep the goat’s kids from suckling, then steal their portion of the mother’s milk. I feel sorry for them.
We keep the right to refuse to use the image you suggested if we consider it is inappropriate.
We keep things like that in a locked room in the basement.
We keep this door unlocked.
We keep three cats, a black one and two white ones.
We keep three dogs and a cat.
We keep trying to make it better.
We keep two goats.
We kept a lookout for a place to rest.
We kept an eye on the sky.
We kept crawling.
We kept discussing the problem all night.
We kept fighting back.
We kept fighting.
We kept glancing at the vase.
We kept going and didn't quit.
We kept going.
We kept hanging in there.
We kept in touch.
We kept insisting.
We kept it hung up on a high nail in the dining-room; but one day, when we called Carlo to have his bonnet put on before he went out, there was no bonnet to be found.
We kept it secret.
We kept looking at the vase.
We kept looking back.
We kept looking for help.
We kept moving.
We kept on talking.
We kept on working for hours without eating anything.
We kept our books closed.
We kept our cool.
We kept our eyes closed.
We kept our fingers crossed.
We kept our mouths shut.
We kept our weapons ready.
We kept our word.
We kept plugging away.
We kept pushing.
We kept quiet in the room.
We kept quiet.
We kept recording content.
We kept running.
We kept smiling.
We kept standing all the way to Osaka.
We kept still.
We kept talking.
We kept the accident a secret from you.
We kept the change.
We kept the children quiet.
We kept the ewe.
We kept the fire burning.
We kept the lights on.
We kept the money.
We kept them quiet.
We kept thinking it wasn't worth it.
We kept together for safety.
We kept track of all our expenses while we were in Australia.
We kept twitching.
We kept waiting, but he didn't come.
We kept walking in the same direction, hoping to find water.
We kept walking.
We kicked Silya.
We kicked Tom out of our band.
We kicked Tom out of the house.
We kill time; time buries us.
We killed Tom.
We killed him.
We killed the soldier.
We killed them.
We killed time by playing cards.
We killed time playing cards.
We killed you.
We kind of expected this to happen.
We kind of expected this.
We kind of feel normal again.
We kind of like what we've done.
We kind of lucked out on that.
We kind of ran out of time.
We kiss in private, when we're alone.
We kiss our child a hundred times a day.
We kissed each other on a December night.
We kissed each other.
We kissed in the dark.
We kissed last night.
We kissed passionately.
We kissed the baby.
We kissed the statue.
We kissed very briefly.
We kissed without saying a word.
We kissed, but we never did anything more.
We knelt down to pray.
We knew Nuja.
We knew Skura was a ballet dancer.
We knew Tom and Mary were going to be back.
We knew Tom and Mary were in Boston.
We knew Tom and Mary were there.
We knew Tom and Mary were tough.
We knew Tom and Mary were unhappy.
We knew Tom had talent.
We knew Tom wanted us to do that.
We knew Tom was going to be back.
We knew Tom was going to lose.
We knew Tom was in Australia.
We knew Tom was in Boston.
We knew Tom was likely to be late.
We knew Tom was telling lies.
We knew Tom was telling the truth.
We knew Tom was there.
We knew Tom was tough.
We knew Tom was unhappy.
We knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
We knew Tom would be late.
We knew Tom would come back.
We knew Tom would likely be late.
We knew Tom would win.
We knew Tom wouldn't be late.
We knew Tom wouldn't survive the night if help didn't arrive.
We knew Yanni was in Algeria but locating him with precision was difficult.
We knew a lot of songs, too.
We knew all about it.
We knew each other biblically.
We knew each other for years.
We knew enough to be scared.
We knew enough.
We knew from the start.
We knew he had left before we arrived.
We knew how good we were.
We knew it all along.
We knew it could be serious.
We knew it from the outset.
We knew it was Tom.
We knew it was all over.
We knew it was going to be tough.
We knew it was nothing normal, something bad.
We knew it was there.
We knew it was true.
We knew it would happen sooner or later.
We knew it.
We knew no one.
We knew nothing about it.
We knew nothing about that.
We knew one day it would happen.
We knew she had a life outside her family.
We knew she wouldn't be able to come.
We knew someone was there.
We knew something had to be done.
We knew something had to change.
We knew that Columbus visited America in 1492.
We knew that Tom was going to lose.
We knew that Tom was likely to be late.
We knew that Tom was telling lies.
We knew that Tom was telling the truth.
We knew that Tom would be late.
We knew that Tom would come back.
We knew that Tom would likely be late.
We knew that Tom would win.
We knew that Tom wouldn't be late.
We knew that already.
We knew that in advance.
We knew that might happen.
We knew that much.
We knew that that might happen.
We knew that that was bound to happen.
We knew that the cat would cross the street.
We knew that the dog would chase the cat.
We knew that the dogs would bark at us.
We knew that the teacher wouldn't be late.
We knew that was bound to happen.
We knew that we could win.
We knew that we had a real problem.
We knew that we were going to go in different directions when our school finished.
We knew that would probably be our last holiday in Kabylie.
We knew that.
We knew the airport.
We knew the dogs would bark at us.
We knew the potential was there.
We knew the risks.
We knew the teacher wouldn't be late.
We knew them very well.
We knew they could reach us.
We knew they placed it here.
We knew this was coming.
We knew this.
We knew today's his birthday.
We knew we could be better.
We knew we could come back.
We knew we could do it.
We knew we did nothing wrong.
We knew we didn't do anything wrong.
We knew we had a good team.
We knew we had a real problem.
We knew we had to work hard.
We knew we just couldn't give up.
We knew we needed a response.
We knew we needed to be there by 2:30.
We knew we were better than that.
We knew we were going to have a lower salary, but we would be rewarded to be with family in a place that satisfies us.
We knew we would never share those moments again.
We knew what to expect.
We knew what we were up against.
We knew who our enemies were.
We knew you could do it.
We knew you were ill.
We knew you were sick.
We knew you'd be upset.
We knew you'd come.
We knocked at the door for five minutes, but in vain.
We knocked over the cake.
We knocked politely. Now we gotta break down the door.
We know Algeria is big.
We know Algeria is huge.
We know Berber.
We know Fadil wasn't the first man Layla robbed.
We know French.
We know God by his works.
We know God's plan was different.
We know Jamal's character, his great kindness, his courage.
We know Mary will do whatever we tell her to do.
We know Mary's father.
We know Mary.
We know Sami was sexually molested.
We know Skura is a very good dancer.
We know Tamazight.
We know Tom and John are decent men.
We know Tom and Mary are decent people.
We know Tom and Mary are here.
We know Tom and Mary are in there.
We know Tom and Mary are poor.
We know Tom and Mary were with you that night.
We know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
We know Tom and Mary will do whatever we tell them to do.
We know Tom better than he knows himself.
We know Tom can't do that very well.
We know Tom can't do that.
We know Tom can't sing very well.
We know Tom can't speak French very well.
We know Tom can't win.
We know Tom did his best.
We know Tom did it.
We know Tom did that.
We know Tom did this.
We know Tom didn't agree to do that.
We know Tom didn't do it.
We know Tom didn't do that.
We know Tom didn't do what Mary said he did.
We know Tom didn't do what Mary said that he did.
We know Tom didn't win.
We know Tom doesn't always do that.
We know Tom doesn't always do what he's supposed to do.
We know Tom doesn't always do what he's told.
We know Tom doesn't want to do that.
We know Tom has a bad leg.
We know Tom has been shot. That's all we know.
We know Tom is a brave man.
We know Tom is a busy man.
We know Tom is a decent man.
We know Tom is dangerous.
We know Tom is here.
We know Tom is in there.
We know Tom is poor.
We know Tom is unlikely to do that today.
We know Tom is unlikely to do that unless we help him.
We know Tom is unlikely to do that.
We know Tom is unlikely to win.
We know Tom isn't going to help us.
We know Tom kissed Mary.
We know Tom left.
We know Tom lied to us.
We know Tom likes you.
We know Tom sometimes does that.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to do.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to do.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to.
We know Tom sometimes hits Mary.
We know Tom was born in Australia.
We know Tom was strangled.
We know Tom was with you that night.
We know Tom wasn't the one who did that.
We know Tom well and can vouch for him.
We know Tom will do whatever we tell him to do.
We know Tom won't do that.
We know Tom.
We know a lot about you, Tom.
We know a lot about you.
We know a lot.
We know about Rima.
We know about Tom's dirty tricks.
We know about Tom.
We know about daily events through the newspapers.
We know about her.
We know about him.
We know about that.
We know about the suffering.
We know about them.
We know absolutely nothing about the bird's life whatever.
We know absolutely nothing about the bird’s life whatever.
We know accidents happen.
We know all about that.
We know all about you.
We know all men are mortal.
We know all of that stuff.
We know all our neighbors.
We know all that.
We know all this already, Tom.
We know all this, Tom.
We know all this.
We know almost nothing about Tom.
We know almost nothing about her.
We know almost nothing about him.
We know almost nothing about them.
We know by the flowers the quality of the fruit.
We know doing that will cost a lot.
We know doing that will require a lot of money.
We know each other fairly well.
We know each other far too well.
We know each other pretty well.
We know each other quite well.
We know each other so well that we can almost read each other's minds.
We know each other very well.
We know each other's secrets.
We know each other, but I don't know his name.
We know each other, but not all that well.
We know each other.
We know enough.
We know everything about Tom.
We know everything about that.
We know everything about you.
We know everything about your activity at this location.
We know everything we need to do is on the list.
We know everything you know.
We know everything.
We know exactly what Tom can do.
We know exactly what we want.
We know exactly where Tom is hiding.
We know for a fact it didn't happen that way.
We know from a century of empirical studies that community support and access to medical transition are the best things for the mental health of a trans person.
We know guns.
We know he is not here.
We know he isn't here.
We know he kinda talks his way out of the situation.
We know he's not here.
We know health care is expensive.
We know her.
We know him by his Muslim name.
We know him to be a brave man.
We know him.
We know his name very well.
We know how Tom is.
We know how completely engrossed children become in games.
We know how food affects growth.
We know how important this is.
We know how it started.
We know how it works.
We know how it's going to end.
We know how that'll work out.
We know how they are.
We know how this is going to go.
We know how to count.
We know how to do it.
We know how to do our jobs.
We know how to drive.
We know how to find Tom.
We know how to get around traffic congestion.
We know how to handle them.
We know how to read.
We know how to repair computers.
We know how to ski.
We know how to swim.
We know how to write.
We know how we'll be spending summer.
We know how!
We know if we have this problem, then everybody else has this problem, too.
We know if we have this problem, then everyone else has this problem, too.
We know it now.
We know it very well.
We know it was our duty.
We know it was you that broke the window.
We know it was you that killed Tom.
We know it was you that took Tom's umbrella.
We know it was your job.
We know it won't happen again.
We know it works.
We know it'll be tough.
We know it'll happen sometime in the next three days.
We know it's Tom.
We know it's a hassle.
We know it's difficult, but please don't translate literally.
We know it's going to be OK now.
We know it's hard to quit smoking.
We know it's important to you.
We know it's not about that.
We know it's not going to work.
We know it's our own fault.
We know it's you.
We know it.
We know it’s difficult, but please don’t translate literally.
We know just as little of what the soul is as we know of what is life. It's mysterious enough to be uncertain as to how much of the world I am and how much of me the world is. Nevertheless, the unconscious is real in any event, because it works.
We know little about everything else.
We know little about her personal life.
We know little about his personal life.
We know little of his personal history.
We know little of this matter.
We know many things.
We know more about the moon and other planets than we do about some places on our home planet.
We know most of our neighbors.
We know most of our neighbours.
We know most of the neighbors.
We know nothing about cooking.
We know nothing about the future.
We know nothing about the life of this bird.
We know nothing except that he did not come home that day.
We know nothing of childhood; and with our mistaken notions, the further we advance, the further we go astray.
We know nothing.
We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.
We know now that we shouldn't have done that.
We know now we shouldn't have done that.
We know now what to look for.
We know of more than 100 billion galaxies.
We know our day will come.
We know our enemies.
We know our limitations.
We know our problems.
We know our rights.
We know our way around here.
We know our way around the city.
We know our work isn't done.
We know our world is Buddhistic in nature, with the granted pervasive condition of discontent, but we do not yet know if other "provinces" of this universe have the same, similar, or altogether different psychic ambiances. Hindus believe that in the Vaikuntha planets, people live "without any anxiety."
We know perfectly well that he specialized in that language, however we can not allow him to take any sentence written in it, because that is not his native language.
We know right from wrong.
We know she lives in the city.
We know so little about Tom.
We know so little about her.
We know so little about him.
We know so little about them.
We know so little about you.
We know something about it.
We know something happened there.
We know that Algeria imports more than it exports, but how much?
We know that God exists.
We know that Interlingua follows natural languages, but we need more explicit grammar descriptions of exclamatory phrases in Interlingua.
We know that Tom and Mary are here.
We know that Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that.
We know that Tom and Mary are unlikely to win.
We know that Tom can't do that.
We know that Tom didn't do that.
We know that Tom didn't do what Mary said he did.
We know that Tom didn't do what Mary said that he did.
We know that Tom doesn't always do that.
We know that Tom doesn't always do what he's supposed to do.
We know that Tom doesn't always do what he's told.
We know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
We know that Tom has been shot. That's all we know.
We know that Tom is a brave man.
We know that Tom is a busy man.
We know that Tom is dangerous.
We know that Tom is here.
We know that Tom is unlikely to do that today.
We know that Tom is unlikely to do that unless we help him.
We know that Tom is unlikely to do that.
We know that Tom is unlikely to win.
We know that Tom isn't going to help us.
We know that Tom lied to us.
We know that Tom likes you.
We know that Tom sometimes does that.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to do.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to do.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to.
We know that Tom sometimes hits Mary.
We know that Tom was born in Australia.
We know that Tom was strangled.
We know that Tom won't do that.
We know that a cat, whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes, can see clearly at night.
We know that all men are mortal.
We know that and they know that.
We know that doing that will cost a lot.
We know that doing that will require a lot of money.
We know that even foetuses still in the womb of their mothers touch their faces.
We know that everything we need to do is on the list.
We know that global warming is caused by human actions.
We know that he was playing like a cat with a mouse.
We know that he was playing like cat and mouse.
We know that he's a brave man.
We know that if we have this problem, then everybody else has this problem, too.
We know that if we have this problem, then everyone else has this problem, too.
We know that isn't the way we should do it.
We know that isn't true.
We know that it won't come easy.
We know that it's going to happen. We just hope that it doesn't happen here.
We know that it's our own fault.
We know that it's prohibited.
We know that just being born with a good mind is not enough.
We know that many employment relationships of people who have just immigrated to Germany are unproblematic.
We know that over 30 million people have lost their employment over just the last five, six weeks or so.
We know that she lives in the city.
We know that she was born in Canada.
We know that sometimes, on both sides of the Atlantic, we have drifted apart, and forgotten our shared destiny.
We know that that isn't true.
We know that that won't happen anymore.
We know that that's never going to happen.
We know that that's not true.
We know that the Sun is bigger than the Earth.
We know that the greatest works can be represented in model, and that the universe can be represented by the same means.
We know that the sun is bigger than the earth.
We know that there's still a lot of work to do.
We know that they'll come.
We know that they're going to be good.
We know that they're going to be out.
We know that this is impossible.
We know that this island was once inhabited.
We know that to be a fact.
We know that to be fact.
We know that two heads are better than one.
We know that was her duty.
We know that was their duty.
We know that was your duty.
We know that water boils at 100 degrees.
We know that we are all people of one world.
We know that we are closer to monkeys than to rodents. Similarly cats and dogs are closer to one another than to cows or pigs.
We know that we can win.
We know that we need to buy more of these. The only question is how many do we need to buy.
We know that we need to buy more of these. The only question is how many.
We know that we will die, but we don't know when.
We know that we will not meet our current targets because they are not binding.
We know that we're going to lose.
We know that won't happen anymore.
We know that you are not stupid.
We know that you aren't stupid.
We know that you can handle it, Tom.
We know that you can't do that very well.
We know that you can't do that.
We know that you can't speak French very well.
We know that you didn't do what Tom said you did.
We know that you didn't do what you promised to do.
We know that you didn't kill Tom.
We know that you have it.
We know that you lied about Tom.
We know that you lied to Tom.
We know that you lied to us about that.
We know that you lied to us the last time we spoke together.
We know that you lied to us.
We know that you like Tom.
We know that you were involved.
We know that you'll do what's best.
We know that you're Tom's friend.
We know that you're a coward.
We know that you're a vegetarian.
We know that you're busy people.
We know that you're busy.
We know that you're friends with Tom.
We know that you're in here.
We know that you're in pain.
We know that you're in there, Tom.
We know that you're in there.
We know that you're interested.
We know that you're learning German.
We know that you're not stupid.
We know that you're one of us.
We know that you're sick.
We know that you're still there.
We know that you're superficial enough to be happy about this gift.
We know that you're the one behind all this.
We know that you're the one who broke the window.
We know that you're the thief.
We know that you're there.
We know that you're vegetarians.
We know that you're very rich.
We know that you're working for them.
We know that you've got plenty to say.
We know that your name isn't Tom.
We know that you’re superficial enough to be happy about this gift.
We know that's never going to happen.
We know that's not true.
We know that, Tom.
We know that, too.
We know that.
We know the adage.
We know the answer.
We know the baker.
We know the bridge is not safe.
We know the city well.
We know the dangers.
We know the fact that she was born in Canada.
We know the feeling.
We know the future.
We know the identity of Tom's killer.
We know the other team will win. The only question is by how much.
We know the other team will win. The only question is how much will they win by.
We know the pattern.
We know the product will be released in October, but there is not yet an exact date set.
We know the reason.
We know the risks.
We know the score.
We know the time when we were poor.
We know the truth, not only by reason, but also at heart.
We know the truth.
We know the value of good health when we are sick.
We know the work is dangerous.
We know their background.
We know them all.
We know them.
We know there'll be challenges.
We know there's a lot of work left.
We know there's a traitor here.
We know there's still a lot of work to do.
We know they don't like us.
We know they'll come.
We know they're formidable.
We know they're going to be good.
We know they're going to be out.
We know this app.
We know this for sure.
We know this is hard for you.
We know this is impossible.
We know this is real.
We know this song.
We know this.
We know those people.
We know through painful experience that freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.
We know very little about Tom.
We know very little about her.
We know very little about him.
We know very little about it.
We know very little about the cause of this disease.
We know very little about the poet's childhood.
We know very little about them.
We know very little about what actually happened.
We know very well how the story ends.
We know very well what our chances are.
We know very well where our developments will take us. Besides, in the team, everyone does as he pleases.
We know water boils at 100 degrees.
We know we aren't supposed to be here.
We know we can do better.
We know we can win.
We know we can't do that very well.
We know we can't do that.
We know we can't sustain that.
We know we can.
We know we have to do better.
We know we have work to do.
We know we haven't done anything.
We know we may count on your cooperation.
We know we still have work to do.
We know we're a good team.
We know we're a little early.
We know we're better than that.
We know we're capable of that.
We know we're going to grow.
We know we're going to lose.
We know we're not supposed to be here.
We know we've got big problems.
We know well how to withstand all kinds of difficulties.
We know what Pluto looks like now.
We know what Tom and Mary are going through.
We know what Tom and Mary have been through.
We know what Tom and Mary want.
We know what Tom has been through.
We know what Tom is going through.
We know what Tom wants to do.
We know what Tom wants.
We know what awaits us.
We know what happened and why.
We know what happened last weekend.
We know what happened next.
We know what happened to Tom's car.
We know what happened.
We know what is happening in Kabylia.
We know what it feels like.
We know what it means.
We know what needs to be done, but we don't know how to do it.
We know what needs to be done.
We know what our choices are.
We know what our mistake was.
We know what our talent is.
We know what that means.
We know what the Philippines' highest mountain is called.
We know what the future holds in store for us.
We know what the problem is.
We know what the problems are.
We know what they did there.
We know what they're up to.
We know what this means to Tom.
We know what this means.
We know what to do next.
We know what to do.
We know what to expect now.
We know what to expect.
We know what was agreed upon.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
We know what we are, but not what we could be.
We know what we can and can't do.
We know what we have to do next.
We know what we have to do.
We know what we want.
We know what we're capable of.
We know what we're doing.
We know what we're up against.
We know what we've got to do.
We know what works.
We know what works: Freedom works. We know what's right: Freedom is right.
We know what you did last night.
We know what you did was right.
We know what you did.
We know what you told the police.
We know what you want.
We know what you're capable of.
We know what you're doing.
We know what you're looking for.
We know what you're trying to do.
We know what you're up to.
We know what's coming.
We know what's going on in Algeria.
We know what's going on in Kabylia.
We know what's going to happen.
We know what's what.
We know where Tom and Mary are.
We know where Tom is.
We know where Tom went.
We know where he is.
We know where it is.
We know where she is.
We know where you are.
We know where you live.
We know where you were.
We know where you've been.
We know where your family lives.
We know who did it.
We know who did that.
We know who did this to us.
We know who did this.
We know who he is.
We know who it is.
We know who our enemies are.
We know who she is.
We know who started it.
We know who the real culprit is.
We know who the terrorists are.
We know who they are.
We know who we are.
We know who we're looking for.
We know who you are.
We know who you really are.
We know who's out there.
We know why they do it.
We know why you came here.
We know why you did it.
We know why you did that.
We know why you took off.
We know why you weren't here yesterday.
We know why.
We know you aren't stupid.
We know you beat your wife regularly. Your kids have told us everything.
We know you can do that.
We know you can handle it, Tom.
We know you can't do that very well.
We know you can't do that.
We know you can't speak French very well.
We know you did it.
We know you didn't do what Tom said you did.
We know you didn't do what you promised to do.
We know you didn't kill Tom.
We know you didn't kill her.
We know you didn't kill him.
We know you didn't kill them.
We know you framed Tom.
We know you have it.
We know you lied about Tom.
We know you lied to Tom.
We know you lied to us about that.
We know you lied to us.
We know you like Tom.
We know you like her.
We know you like him.
We know you like them.
We know you stink.
We know you suck.
We know you well.
We know you were involved.
We know you'd rather be in Boston right now.
We know you'll do what's best.
We know you're Tom's friend.
We know you're Tom.
We know you're a coward.
We know you're a vegetarian.
We know you're busy people.
We know you're busy.
We know you're friends with Tom.
We know you're in here.
We know you're in pain.
We know you're in there, Tom.
We know you're in there.
We know you're interested.
We know you're learning German.
We know you're not stupid.
We know you're one of us.
We know you're sick.
We know you're still there.
We know you're the one that broke the window.
We know you're the one who broke the window.
We know you're the thief.
We know you're there.
We know you're vegetarians.
We know you're very rich.
We know you're working for them.
We know you've got plenty to say.
We know you.
We know your brother.
We know your father.
We know your name isn't Tom.
We know your tricks.
We know you’re the thief.
We know.
We labored up a hill.
We laboured up a hill.
We lack an incentive for pursuing the eastern market.
We lack credible evidence.
We lack empathy.
We lack it.
We lack money.
We lack nothing.
We lack one spoon.
We lack only one small thing we need to be as free as the birds: just time.
We lack remorse.
We lack wings, but we still have enough strength to fall.
We laid the injured man on the grass.
We lament, complain, moan and start crying out in pain.
We lamented her death.
We lamented his death.
We landed a little behind schedule.
We landed at Charles de Gaulle.
We landed at Narita a little behind schedule.
We landed on the moon.
We landed the helicopter.
We landed.
We last met ten years ago.
We lasted a long time.
We laugh a lot.
We laugh and laugh.
We laugh at him.
We laugh with them.
We laughed a lot during the comedy movie.
We laughed a lot, and we almost finished carding the wool.
We laughed about it.
We laughed and laughed.
We laughed and told jokes all day long at the family gathering.
We laughed at Tom.
We laughed at her.
We laughed at him.
We laughed at their expense.
We laughed at their opposition.
We laughed at them.
We laughed at you.
We laughed at your expense.
We laughed because of his joke.
We laughed it off, but it stung a little.
We laughed like idiots.
We laughed our heads off.
We laughed ourselves silly.
We laughed uncontrollably.
We laughed until it hurt.
We laughed until our sides hurt.
We laughed.
We launched an investigation immediately.
We launched model rockets every weekend.
We lay blissfully basking on the beach.
We lay down on the grass and stared at the night sky.
We lay down on the sand.
We lay emphasis on the importance of being sincere.
We lay in the grass holding hands and watched the clouds floating by.
We lay on the grass.
We lay together and enjoyed the primordial delight.
We lead a very ordinary life.
We leaned on our elbows.
We leaned the ladder against the wall.
We leant forward.
We learn Arabic.
We learn Chinese.
We learn English at school.
We learn English every day.
We learn English three hours a week.
We learn French at school.
We learn a good deal at school.
We learn a language better imitating good examples.
We learn a lot from experience.
We learn a lot in our trips abroad.
We learn a lot while traveling.
We learn about ancient Rome and Greece.
We learn about the structure of the heart in junior high school.
We learn best from the mistakes of others.
We learn by doing.
We learn by experience.
We learn by teaching.
We learn by trial and error.
We learn by writing.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
We learn from our mistakes.
We learn many lessons from experiences.
We learn much by experience.
We learn much from experience.
We learn something new about ourselves every day.
We learn to die with a constant rigor throughout a lifetime.
We learn to read and write in school.
We learn to read and write.
We learn what we don't know.
We learned Berber at school.
We learned Berber together.
We learned English together.
We learned English.
We learned Esperanto with our children.
We learned French at school.
We learned French instead of English.
We learned French instead of German.
We learned French together.
We learned French.
We learned Russian instead of French.
We learned a lot about life and nature in summer camp.
We learned a lot from their presentation, which helped us with our project.
We learned a lot of things.
We learned a lot, too.
We learned about Greek civilization at school.
We learned about arrays in Comp Sci today.
We learned about that from reliable sources.
We learned about the importance of eating a healthy lunch.
We learned as much as possible about their culture before visiting them.
We learned at school that Shakespeare was born in 1564.
We learned at school that the Portuguese Pedro Álvares Cabral discovered Brazil.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
We learned by doing.
We learned from our mistakes.
We learned from the stakeout that she leaves her classroom unlocked after third period while she goes to the bathroom.
We learned how to do that last year.
We learned how to pronounce Japanese.
We learned how to read English.
We learned how to read French at school, but not how to speak it.
We learned how to read French in school, but didn't really learn how to speak it.
We learned how to read French.
We learned in school that you must not copy other people's assignments.
We learned it at school.
We learned nothing at school.
We learned our lesson.
We learned some French.
We learned something we didn't know yesterday.
We learned that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
We learned that English is an international language.
We learned that Newton discovered the law of gravitation.
We learned that Tom had an accident.
We learned that he had an accident.
We learned that oil floats on water.
We learned that the earth goes around the sun.
We learned that the moon goes around the earth.
We learned to dive when we were five.
We learned to fly like birds and swim like fishes, but we forgot how to live like humans.
We learned to work as a team.
We learned violence from you.
We learned what we should do first.
We learned why the French Revolution broke out.
We learned.
We learnt a lot from him.
We learnt nothing at school.
We learnt some Berber.
We learnt the value of hard work.
We leave Japan at 3 p.m. next Friday.
We leave at dawn.
We leave at daybreak.
We leave at four o’clock.
We leave early in the morning, okay?
We leave first thing in the morning.
We leave for Australia on Monday.
We leave for Australia this afternoon.
We leave for Boston in the morning.
We leave for Boston this afternoon.
We leave for Brazil tomorrow morning.
We leave for Karuizawa this afternoon.
We leave for the airport in a few of hours.
We leave from here.
We leave immediately.
We leave in a week.
We leave in half an hour.
We leave in three hours.
We leave on 20 August at 6 a.m.
We leave tomorrow afternoon.
We leave tomorrow morning.
We leave tonight.
We leave.
We left Africa forever.
We left Algeria.
We left Algiers.
We left Bejaia and continued on our road toward Algiers.
We left Boston at 2:30 in the afternoon.
We left Boston at 2:30 this morning.
We left Boston at 2:30 yesterday.
We left Boston at 2:30.
We left Islam.
We left Linda there.
We left Mary to fend for herself.
We left Silya.
We left Tom alone.
We left Tom and Mary by themselves.
We left Tom at the mall.
We left Tom behind.
We left Yale last year.
We left a margin for error in our estimates.
We left a note in the principal's office.
We left a note.
We left after lunch.
We left at 2.30.
We left at 2:30, reaching Boston three hours later.
We left at 2:30.
We left at 6 o'clock.
We left at night.
We left at noon.
We left before they knew we were there.
We left by train.
We left early because of the rain.
We left early in order to get a head start on the trip.
We left early in the morning before it got light.
We left early in the morning.
We left early so that we can catch the first train.
We left early to avoid the rush.
We left early.
We left everything in the rental flat exactly as we found it.
We left four days later.
We left him some cake.
We left him to face his fate alone.
We left home before sunrise.
We left home early in the morning.
We left immediately after the concert.
We left immediately.
We left in protest.
We left in secret.
We left in the evening.
We left in the morning.
We left no stone unturned.
We left nothing to chance.
We left nothing.
We left on July 15.
We left on October 20th.
We left on good terms.
We left our boat on the shore.
We left our children at home with a babysitter.
We left our children at home.
We left our children.
We left our country because we felt like strangers.
We left our dog in the hall.
We left our husbands.
We left our job.
We left our umbrellas on the bus.
We left our wives.
We left school aged 16 with no qualifications.
We left school together.
We left school when we were sixteen.
We left school.
We left soon after that.
We left the building at about 6 p.m.
We left the cafe.
We left the cinema before the film had ended.
We left the cinema during the film.
We left the cinema early.
We left the cinema while the film was still on.
We left the city.
We left the door open.
We left the farm.
We left the final decision to her.
We left the final decision to him.
We left the game midway.
We left the house in the middle of the night.
We left the house together.
We left the house where we were born.
We left the house while everyone was still asleep.
We left the house while everyone was still sleeping.
We left the house.
We left the keys at home by accident.
We left the keys on the table.
We left the kitchen.
We left the lift.
We left the mall.
We left the motorway at junction 11.
We left the movie early.
We left the party early.
We left the press conference baffled.
We left the room.
We left the shopping mall happy.
We left the station and walked along the street until we came to a small hotel which Sam knew about.
We left the store together.
We left the store.
We left the table.
We left the tea to get cold.
We left the theater before the play was over.
We left the village's house.
We left the village.
We left them behind.
We left this.
We left three days later.
We left together.
We left town.
We left when it was too late.
We left without Tom, as he wasn't ready.
We left without telling anybody we were leaving.
We left without telling anyone we were leaving.
We left.
We lend barley to those who have wheat.
We lent Rima our computer.
We lent our bicycles to Tom and Mary.
We let Mom down.
We let Tom do whatever he wants to.
We let Tom do whatever he wants.
We let Tom go.
We let Tom off the hook.
We let Tom try doing that.
We let destitution proliferate.
We let fate decide.
We let her go from you.
We let him go.
We let him keep the dog.
We let misery spread.
We let our dog sleep inside last night.
We let our dog sleep inside.
We let our legs do the leading.
We let our teammates down.
We let ourselves down.
We let ourselves in.
We let ourselves loose.
We let out a sigh.
We let out loud stinky farts in the kitchen and left laughing.
We let the bird fly.
We let the chickens go outside – but the pigs will stay inside.
We let them express their feelings, and we listened.
We let them have fun.
We let them win.
We let you off, on this condition however, that you no longer seek wisdom.
We lie in the grass.
We lie.
We lied about taking the money.
We lied about the whole pregnancy.
We lied to Mina.
We lied to Tom.
We lied to each other.
We lied to you.
We lied.
We lifted the table with our combined strength.
We like Berlin. It's a really nice place to be.
We like Chinese food.
We like English the best of all our subjects.
We like Green stadium.
We like Mary.
We like Tom just fine.
We like Tom.
We like all vegetables except cabbage.
We like apples.
We like beans.
We like beer.
We like butter.
We like buttered croutons in our salad.
We like cats.
We like children.
We like chocolate milk.
We like coffee.
We like couscous.
We like creativity.
We like different things.
We like diversity - but not enough to change our boring customs or use our creativity.
We like diversity, don't we?
We like diversity.
We like diversity. However, uniformity still seems more comfortable.
We like doing things on our own.
We like doing things our own way.
We like each other.
We like exploring different options.
We like fruit.
We like games.
We like girls.
We like going on walks together.
We like going to the museum.
We like golf.
We like her.
We like him, but some people don't.
We like him.
We like ice cream.
We like ice skating.
We like it a lot!
We like it a lot.
We like it very much!
We like it when others' mistakes are pointed out, but not when ours are.
We like it.
We like ivy.
We like jazz.
We like living here.
We like living round here.
We like looking at what we are good at seeing.
We like math.
We like meat.
We like milk.
We like moaning a lot.
We like music.
We like nobody and nobody likes us.
We like opera.
We like our French teacher.
We like our Kabyle language.
We like our apartment.
We like our chances.
We like our daughter-in-law.
We like our house.
We like our job.
We like our life.
We like our neighbors.
We like our school.
We like our son-in-law.
We like pasta.
We like people who bravely tell us what they think, as long as they think the same what we think.
We like people who say straight out what they think, if they think the same as us.
We like pizza.
We like playing football.
We like playing in mud.
We like playing in the mud.
We like playing soccer.
We like playing with our dog.
We like playing with our dogs.
We like playing.
We like quality.
We like reading English literature.
We like rice.
We like seafood.
We like sex.
We like sharing our data.
We like sharing our data. Avoid copy-pasting sentences, or at least make sure they are not copyrighted and are compatible with the CC BY license. Otherwise we cannot use them.
We like snow.
We like soccer.
We like staying at home in winter.
We like stories.
We like strawberries so much!
We like swimming in the ocean.
We like that.
We like the Berber language.
We like the cultural weeks.
We like the extreme cold of Alaska.
We like the house, but we aren't fond of the textured ceilings.
We like the present headmaster better than his predecessor.
We like the same kind of music.
We like the same kinds of sports.
We like the same music.
We like the same shows.
We like the same thing.
We like the same things.
We like the same types of foods.
We like the snow.
We like them.
We like these.
We like this.
We like tigers.
We like to add new friends on Facebook.
We like to add new members to our group.
We like to be casual.
We like to be together.
We like to chase women.
We like to chop wood.
We like to compete.
We like to do a lot of different things.
We like to do many of the same things.
We like to do the same things.
We like to drink a cup of coffee after eating lunch.
We like to eat fresh cranberries.
We like to eat out.
We like to eat pasta.
We like to experiment; we want to try new, fun things.
We like to fight.
We like to go swimming.
We like to go to concerts in the park.
We like to go to organ concerts.
We like to have fun.
We like to help.
We like to keep a low profile.
We like to learn foreign languages.
We like to listen to birds singing.
We like to look feminine.
We like to make plans for the future.
We like to march on the parade ground.
We like to observe birds.
We like to play in the mud.
We like to play soccer.
We like to play.
We like to ride our bicycles.
We like to share.
We like to sing in the rain.
We like to sing.
We like to sit around the campfire singing songs and talking to each other.
We like to talk.
We like to travel by boat.
We like to travel.
We like tortoises.
We like watching planes take off.
We like wearing new shoes.
We like when you dance!
We like wine.
We like you.
We like your books.
We like your car.
We like your clothes, except for your boots.
We liked Silya.
We liked Tom.
We liked astrology so much.
We liked biking.
We liked cherry jam the most.
We liked each other from the outset.
We liked each other right away.
We liked each other right away. It was love at first sight.
We liked each other straight away.
We liked each other.
We liked her.
We liked him.
We liked it a lot.
We liked it.
We liked our Berber teacher.
We liked our French teacher.
We liked pizza.
We liked rather well-done sausages the most.
We liked that.
We liked the film a lot.
We liked the food, especially the fish.
We liked the idea.
We liked the video.
We liked to add new members to our group.
We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.
We limped.
We lined up for the bus.
We lined up to get tickets for the concert.
We lingered to look at the beautiful scenery.
We lingered.
We listed our computer on Craigslist.
We listen to Mozart.
We listen to music.
We listen to the heartbeat of the earth, steady and constant.
We listen to the radio.
We listen to the whispers of the wind, learning its secrets.
We listened carefully in order not to miss a single word.
We listened carefully.
We listened in disbelief.
We listened to Mozart.
We listened to Tom.
We listened to her for some time.
We listened to her saying it.
We listened to his lecture on the radio.
We listened to music yesterday.
We listened to some French songs.
We listened to that.
We listened to the bell ring.
We listened to the conversation.
We listened to the ocean.
We listened to the shooting.
We listened to the teacher during the English lesson.
We listened to with pleasure his sparkling anecdotes.
We listened with great care, not missing a single word.
We listened.
We lit a campfire to get warm.
We lit a candle for Tom.
We lit candles in our room.
We lit the candles.
We live about three miles above this bridge.
We live above our neighbours.
We live abroad.
We live across the street from a school.
We live across the street from each other.
We live across the street from one another.
We live among Muslims.
We live and learn.
We live and work in Algiers.
We live at the other end of the village.
We live at their place.
We live between the past and the future.
We live by the sea.
We live close by.
We live close the school.
We live close to a big pool.
We live close to the centre of town.
We live close to the school.
We live close to the sea.
We live close to the station.
We live directly above the café.
We live far away from each other.
We live far away.
We live far from here.
We live far from our high school.
We live far from the airport.
We live for work.
We live here in Spain and Algeria is closer to home.
We live here with our cats.
We live here.
We live in Algeria and temperatures of 40 degrees plus are not unusual.
We live in Algeria.
We live in Australia.
We live in Baghdad.
We live in Belfast.
We live in Boston.
We live in Burundi.
We live in Cairo.
We live in Colombia.
We live in Connemara.
We live in Damascus.
We live in Djibouti.
We live in Europe, and Tom lives in America.
We live in France.
We live in Germany.
We live in Hungary.
We live in Iceland, but he lives in Belgium.
We live in Malawi.
We live in Morocco.
We live in New York.
We live in Norway.
We live in Rome.
We live in Russia.
We live in Serbia.
We live in Spain, so use the "vosotros" form.
We live in Ukraine.
We live in Uruguay.
We live in a Berber-speaking society.
We live in a Muslim country and we are very happy.
We live in a Muslim country.
We live in a beautiful city.
We live in a beautiful world.
We live in a big city.
We live in a big house.
We live in a chaotic world.
We live in a cisnormative society.
We live in a city called Bejaia, in Algeria.
We live in a city.
We live in a civilized society.
We live in a complex world.
We live in a complicated world.
We live in a cottage.
We live in a country where the only way to have justice is doing it ourselves.
We live in a cozy little house in a side street.
We live in a cozy little house on a side street.
We live in a cruel world.
We live in a dangerous world.
We live in a decent home.
We live in a democracy.
We live in a democratic society.
We live in a digital age.
We live in a free country.
We live in a galaxy.
We live in a global community.
We live in a global village.
We live in a globalized world.
We live in a heteronormative society.
We live in a highly developed civilization of excess.
We live in a house.
We live in a housing estate.
We live in a kakistocratic society.
We live in a little house on Park Street.
We live in a media matrix.
We live in a multilingual world.
We live in a neighboring town.
We live in a peaceful, prosperous time, but we can make it better.
We live in a real dystopia.
We live in a remix culture.
We live in a remote area.
We live in a sick world.
We live in a small college town.
We live in a society of democracy.
We live in a society.
We live in a society; not just in an economy.
We live in a space-time continuum.
We live in a surplus society.
We live in a test tube. Never before have humans been exposed to so many chemical and toxins.
We live in a three-bedroom apartment.
We live in a three-bedroom house.
We live in a time of psychological warfare.
We live in a town.
We live in a very complex world.
We live in a very complicated world.
We live in a very difficult time.
We live in a very safe country.
We live in a very special time: The only time we can observationally verify that we live in a very special time!
We live in a wonderful period.
We live in a world full of wonders and surprises.
We live in a world governed by the law of the strongest.
We live in a world of instant and infinite connections.
We live in a world of total falsehood.
We live in a world that no longer has room for God.
We live in a world where only those who massacre people in their own countries are humans while the massacred are dehumanized "terrorists."
We live in a world where some people consider science transphobic.
We live in a world where the happiness of nations decreases due to balls next to our feet.
We live in a world where those who massacre children with fighter jets and drones are the good guys and those who defend themselves are "terrorists."
We live in a world which values specialists above generalists.
We live in a world which values specialists more than all-rounders.
We live in an age where everything is settled through violence.
We live in an anxiogenic climate.
We live in an apartment not far from the center.
We live in an apartment.
We live in an attention economy.
We live in an environmentally conscious way.
We live in an increasingly woke society.
We live in an obesigenic society.
We live in an open marriage.
We live in an uncertain world.
We live in an unhospitable place.
We live in an unjust world.
We live in an unpredictable world.
We live in an urban area.
We live in close proximity with the deceased, and graveyards are here to remind us that there will come a time when it is our turn to die.
We live in countries with similar identities.
We live in different cities.
We live in different countries.
We live in different places.
We live in different universes.
We live in difficult times.
We live in fear.
We live in harmony, like two trees whose roots intertwine.
We live in house number fifty, nearby the supermarket.
We live in house number fifty, next to the market.
We live in one world.
We live in our country.
We live in our newly restored mansion.
We live in peace.
We live in poverty.
We live in remote houses.
We live in small tents.
We live in society.
We live in strange times. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book.
We live in that apartment just over the street.
We live in the Milky Way galaxy.
We live in the United Kingdom.
We live in the United States.
We live in the age of technology.
We live in the atomic age.
We live in the back of beyond.
We live in the best of all possible worlds.
We live in the block of flats just across the road.
We live in the block of flats just there on the other side of the street.
We live in the center of the city.
We live in the centre of town.
We live in the city centre.
We live in the city.
We live in the country during the summer.
We live in the country now.
We live in the country.
We live in the era of procrastination.
We live in the here and now.
We live in the information age.
We live in the later part of the twentieth century.
We live in the middle of nowhere.
We live in the mountains.
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
We live in the nuclear age.
We live in the nuclear era.
We live in the plastic age.
We live in the present only.
We live in the real world.
We live in the same city.
We live in the same country.
We live in the same house.
We live in the same region.
We live in the same street.
We live in the same town.
We live in the same village.
We live in the second half of the twentieth century.
We live in the sticks.
We live in the suburbs.
We live in the town centre.
We live in the vicinity of the school.
We live in this building.
We live in this long street.
We live incognito.
We live inside a thin layer of gas surrounding a big rock.
We live isolated.
We live just north of Boston.
We live like madmen.
We live many miles apart.
We live many miles distant from each other.
We live near Nuja's school.
We live near Nuja’s school.
We live near Rima's school.
We live near Tom.
We live near a big library.
We live near a large bookstore.
We live near a large library.
We live near a park.
We live near a post office.
We live near a river.
We live near her.
We live near here.
We live near the beach.
We live near the border.
We live near the city centre.
We live near the dike.
We live near the lake.
We live near the large library.
We live near the post office.
We live near the river.
We live near the school.
We live near the sea.
We live near the town centre.
We live near the zoo.
We live next door.
We live next to Tom.
We live next to a farm.
We live next to a library.
We live next to a park.
We live next to a supermarket.
We live next to each other.
We live not as we want to, but as we can.
We live on Earth, the third planet in our solar system.
We live on Earth.
We live on Elm Street.
We live on Park Street.
We live on Puistokatu.
We live on a busy street.
We live on a farm near the village.
We live on a farm.
We live on a lively street.
We live on a planet called Earth that is part of our solar system. But where is our solar system? It’s a small part of the Milky Way Galaxy.
We live on a planet called Earth.
We live on a solar-powered planet.
We live on an island.
We live on bread and rice.
We live on different continents.
We live on planet Earth.
We live on rice.
We live on the 7th floor.
We live on the earth.
We live on the east side.
We live on the planet Earth.
We live on the same floor.
We live on the same planet.
We live on the same street.
We live on the second floor.
We live on the sixth floor.
We live on the third floor.
We live on this long street.
We live on what we take from the woods.
We live only from day to day.
We live our life and die our death.
We live our limited life in the coordinate system of time and money.
We live out in the boondocks.
We live over there near the park.
We live over there.
We live ten kilometers from Thessaloniki.
We live ten kilometres from Thessalonica.
We live ten minutes away from him.
We live there.
We live together now.
We live together.
We live too much in books and not enough in nature.
We live under tyranny.
We live upstate.
We live very near the school.
We live with Tom.
We live with our father.
We live with them.
We live within easy access of Heathrow.
We live without hope.
We live, not as we wish to, but as we can.
We live.
We lived a debauched life, taken by the pleasures of life.
We lived abroad for a while, until the war started.
We lived alone.
We lived close by the sea.
We lived close to the sea.
We lived from hand to mouth in those days.
We lived in Australia a few years.
We lived in Australia for a few years.
We lived in Australia for a long time.
We lived in Australia for three years before we came to New Zealand.
We lived in Australia for three years.
We lived in Australia three years.
We lived in Boston a long time.
We lived in Boston before we moved to Australia.
We lived in Boston for a few years.
We lived in Boston for a long time.
We lived in Boston for three years before we came to Chicago.
We lived in Boston for three years.
We lived in Chicago before we moved to Boston.
We lived in India for a while.
We lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
We lived in Kabylie.
We lived in London three years ago, then we moved here.
We lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
We lived in Paris before.
We lived in a close-knit and vibrant neighborhood.
We lived in a cramped, dim house which was as small as a hive.
We lived in a great big house.
We lived in a retreated house.
We lived in a typical Kabyle house.
We lived in an enormous mansion.
We lived in constant fear of a nuclear attack.
We lived in the country for many years.
We lived in this house.
We lived near Tom.
We lived next door to each other.
We lived next to each other.
We lived off what we could find in the forest.
We lived on the fifth floor.
We lived on the third floor.
We lived on what we could find in the forest.
We lived right down the road from Tom.
We lived there a long time, by the river.
We lived there for six weeks.
We lived there for six whole weeks.
We lived there for ten years when the war began.
We lived there.
We lived through difficult times.
We lived together for three years.
We lived together for two years, but we aren't married.
We lived together in Algeria.
We lived with Mina.
We lived with Tom.
We living are all dead who haven't assumed their office yet.
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.
We loaded our baggage into the car.
We loathe horror films.
We located the battery.
We lock our doors at night.
We lock the door at night.
We lock the doors at night.
We locked all our windows.
We locked all the doors.
We locked all the windows.
We locked our bikes.
We locked ourselves in our room.
We locked ourselves in our rooms.
We locked ourselves in the bathroom.
We locked the gate.
We locked the kids in a closet.
We logged in.
We loitered among the flowers in a digital recreation of the hanging gardens of Babylon.
We long for peace.
We longed for peace.
We look after Tom's cat at weekends.
We look after Tom.
We look after him.
We look after our sheep.
We look amazing.
We look at that boy.
We look at the expressions they use.
We look at you as a friend, and treat you with respect.
We look back on days gone by, if not always with affections, at any rate with a kind of wistfulness.
We look devastated.
We look exactly like them.
We look exactly the same.
We look for good luck, bad luck looks for us.
We look for happiness in the wrong 'places'.
We look forward to competing.
We look forward to getting back home.
We look forward to hearing from you.
We look forward to it.
We look forward to receiving the catalog soon.
We look forward to receiving your prompt reply.
We look forward to receiving your quote by return mail.
We look forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
We look forward to seeing you again.
We look forward to seeing you here.
We look forward to seeing you in Boston.
We look forward to seeing you soon.
We look forward to seeing you there.
We look forward to seeing you.
We look forward to the challenge.
We look forward to visiting Boston.
We look forward to working more closely with you in the future.
We look forward to your early reply.
We look forward to your entries.
We look forward to your feedback.
We look great together.
We look happy.
We look just like Dad.
We look like children.
We look like we're sick.
We look on her as a loose woman.
We look out for each other.
We look ridiculous.
We look sad.
We look terrible.
We look to Tom for help.
We look to him for help.
We look up to Tom as our leader.
We look up to him as a good senior.
We look up to him as our leader.
We look up to him as our teacher.
We look up to him because of his politeness.
We look up to him because of how polite he is.
We look up to him.
We look up to you.
We looked about us.
We looked after the baby.
We looked all over for Tom, but we didn't find him.
We looked all over for them.
We looked around for them.
We looked around the property.
We looked around us.
We looked at Dad in shock.
We looked at Mina.
We looked at Rima's computer history.
We looked at Tom.
We looked at each other and laughed.
We looked at each other and said: "What are we going to do?"
We looked at each other in silence for a while.
We looked at each other silently for a while.
We looked at each other.
We looked at jewelry in the shopping mall.
We looked at our old yearbook pictures.
We looked at that boy.
We looked at that child play.
We looked at the bed.
We looked at the pictures.
We looked at the sky, but couldn't see any stars.
We looked at the sky, but couldn’t see any stars.
We looked at the video.
We looked at their brain during this word task and, lo and behold, that area in the left frontal lobe lit up much more than other people when they were trying to do this task.
We looked away from them.
We looked back.
We looked different.
We looked down at our feet.
We looked down at the beautiful sea.
We looked down on him as a coward.
We looked down on the plain from the hilltop.
We looked everywhere for that key.
We looked everywhere for you.
We looked everywhere, but we didn't find the ring.
We looked everywhere.
We looked for Mina.
We looked for Tom in the park.
We looked for Tom, but couldn't find him.
We looked for Tom.
We looked for her.
We looked for it here and there.
We looked for it high and low.
We looked for our lost puppy, but in vain.
We looked for the boy and his bicycle that had disappeared.
We looked for the dog.
We looked for the puppy, but it was in vain.
We looked for them.
We looked for you everywhere.
We looked forward to the party.
We looked horrified.
We looked in complete shock.
We looked in the mirror.
We looked inside all the rooms and then saw nothing.
We looked inside the mug.
We looked into it.
We looked irritated.
We looked out of the window, but saw nothing.
We looked out the window but saw nothing.
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.
We looked out the window, but we didn’t see anything.
We looked out the window.
We looked over our shoulders.
We looked perfect at the wedding.
We looked pretty good.
We looked really scared.
We looked ridiculous.
We looked shocked.
We looked strange.
We looked to Tom for help.
We looked ugly.
We looked up.
We looked very scared.
We looked, but saw nothing.
We lose control of the situation.
We lost Jim in the crowd.
We lost Mary.
We lost Skura's number.
We lost Tom in an accident last Monday morning.
We lost a bundle.
We lost a great friend.
We lost a lot of good players at the end of last season.
We lost a lot of money.
We lost a lot of time.
We lost a lot on that job.
We lost a ton of weight.
We lost against our rival on price.
We lost all of our funding.
We lost all of our money.
We lost all our money.
We lost almost all our away games.
We lost almost all our money.
We lost almost everything.
We lost by a lot.
We lost by a score of three to one.
We lost by two points.
We lost consciousness.
We lost count.
We lost custody.
We lost customers.
We lost everything and had to start from scratch.
We lost everything and had to start over from scratch.
We lost everything in the fire.
We lost everything in the flood.
We lost everything.
We lost her.
We lost him.
We lost hope.
We lost it.
We lost no time coming out of the shop.
We lost no time hurrying to the spot.
We lost no time in sending him to the hospital.
We lost no time sending him to the hospital.
We lost on that job.
We lost our camera not long ago.
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us.
We lost our chance.
We lost our dog.
We lost our electricity because of the storm.
We lost our hats.
We lost our heads.
We lost our jobs.
We lost our luggage.
We lost our money.
We lost our passports on the trip.
We lost our shirts on that deal.
We lost our shirts.
We lost our tempers.
We lost our two last games, but so did the Bucks, so we'll have to wait for the outcome of the Spurs and Warriors game to see where we land.
We lost our watches.
We lost our way and did not know what to do.
We lost our way in the woods.
We lost our way, and what was worse, we were caught in a shower.
We lost our way.
We lost out to our rival in price competition.
We lost patience.
We lost radio contact.
We lost service.
We lost sight of Jack in the crowd.
We lost sight of Jim in the crowd.
We lost sight of Tom in the crowd.
We lost sight of Tom.
We lost sight of each other.
We lost sight of her in the crowd.
We lost sight of him in the crowd.
We lost sight of him.
We lost sight of the UFO right away.
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
We lost sight of the tower as we entered the town.
We lost sight of them over half an hour ago.
We lost the battle.
We lost the bet.
We lost the football game by a lot.
We lost the game 3-0.
We lost the game 3-2.
We lost the game because we were overconfident.
We lost the game by three points.
We lost the game.
We lost the last three games we played.
We lost the soccer game by a lot.
We lost the soccer match by a lot.
We lost the thread of the conversation.
We lost the thread of the speech.
We lost them.
We lost this cricket match because of a few careless fumbles of the ball.
We lost three times in a row.
We lost three years.
We lost to Russia in the 2019 Ice Hockey World Championship.
We lost track of him.
We lost track of the time.
We lost track of time.
We lost weight.
We lost, but we had fun.
We lost.
We love Algeria.
We love Asian food.
We love Australia.
We love Bob more than Tom.
We love Boston.
We love Dad.
We love Kabylia.
We love Martinis.
We love Mom.
We love Muslims and there is nothing wrong with that.
We love Silya.
We love Tom dearly.
We love Tom.
We love animals.
We love antiques.
We love art.
We love arts.
We love beauty.
We love black-eyed beans in our chili.
We love camping.
We love candy.
We love cats.
We love chili.
We love classical music the most.
We love cocktails.
We love coffee.
We love coming here.
We love competition and healthy attendance, with deep respect.
We love dogs.
We love each other and that's all that matters.
We love each other and that's the only thing that matters.
We love each other because we are a family.
We love each other dearly.
We love each other very much.
We love each other, but I live in the U.S. and he lives in Germany.
We love each other, but she lives in Germany and I live in the United States.
We love each other, but we don't have sex anymore.
We love each other, but we don't make love anymore.
We love each other, right?
We love each other.
We love eating apples.
We love fast food.
We love fishing.
We love football.
We love giraffes.
We love going on picnics.
We love golf.
We love having Tom back.
We love having bees on the property.
We love her, and she loves us, too.
We love her.
We love him all the more because he is honest.
We love him.
We love homemade meals.
We love hospitals.
We love it here.
We love it.
We love kids.
We love listening to classical music.
We love literature.
We love math.
We love milk.
We love money.
We love music.
We love mysteries.
We love nature.
We love oranges.
We love our children.
We love our country to the utmost degree.
We love our country with every grade of love.
We love our country.
We love our customers.
We love our dad.
We love our dog.
We love our father.
We love our home.
We love our house.
We love our job.
We love our jobs.
We love our kids.
We love our mom.
We love our mother almost without knowing it, without feeling it, as it is as natural as to live.
We love our mother.
We love our mothers.
We love our parents.
We love our parks.
We love our school.
We love our work.
We love picnics.
We love pizza.
We love playing football.
We love plums.
We love poetry.
We love puzzles.
We love reading books.
We love reading.
We love sex.
We love simplicity.
We love snow.
We love soccer.
We love soup.
We love spaghetti.
We love speaking French.
We love speaking Spanish.
We love stargazing.
We love studying music.
We love sunsets.
We love talking about Algeria.
We love that girl.
We love that show.
We love the 1990s.
We love the Berber language.
We love the man all the better for his faults.
We love the same girl.
We love the same woman.
We love the sunrise.
We love the system.
We love them all.
We love them both.
We love them.
We love this house.
We love this place.
We love this school.
We love this working class.
We love this.
We love those who love us.
We love to climb mountains.
We love to help.
We love to make chickpea hummus.
We love to watch movies.
We love trees.
We love trying many different things.
We love watermelon.
We love what we do.
We love wine.
We love wisdom.
We love you all.
We love you just the way you are.
We love you no matter what you are.
We love you so much.
We love you very much.
We love you, Skura.
We love you, Tom.
We love you.
We love your books.
We loved Boston.
We loved Mary.
We loved Tom and we will miss him.
We loved Tom.
We loved attention.
We loved ballet.
We loved change.
We loved each other.
We loved her.
We loved hiking.
We loved him.
We loved one another.
We loved public school.
We loved that house.
We loved the experience of learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
We loved the substitute teacher.
We loved them.
We loved this game.
We loved what you said last night.
We loved wine.
We loved wrestling after school.
We loved you.
We lowered our guns.
We lowered the prices.
We lowered the shutters and closed the shop.
We lucked out.
We lunched on the grass.
We lured him away from the company by offering him a much larger salary.
We made Mr Grey chairman of the committee.
We made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
We made Tom chairman.
We made Tom cry.
We made Tom earn everything he got.
We made Tom go there.
We made Tom the captain of the team.
We made Tom the team captain.
We made a bad mistake.
We made a banner.
We made a bargain that we wouldn’t forsake each other.
We made a bargain.
We made a bean casserole for dinner.
We made a big commitment to Tom.
We made a border in the garden from kerbstones.
We made a cake and we put poppy seeds inside.
We made a check of the student' records.
We made a check of the student’ records.
We made a chickpea stew.
We made a contract with the firm.
We made a couple of mistakes.
We made a date to meet soon.
We made a deal.
We made a decision.
We made a delicious chickpea curry.
We made a discovery.
We made a drawing.
We made a few phone calls.
We made a frightful and bone-chilling discovery this morning.
We made a good buy.
We made a good impression, I think.
We made a good team.
We made a habit of getting together regularly.
We made a huge mistake.
We made a list.
We made a lot of bad mistakes.
We made a lot of mistakes.
We made a lot of money doing that.
We made a lot of money.
We made a lot of noise.
We made a lot of progress last year.
We made a lot of progress today.
We made a lot of progress when we went to that French class.
We made a lot of progress.
We made a mistake.
We made a movie about chess.
We made a pact that we wouldn't abandon one another.
We made a point of his going there.
We made a promise to each other.
We made a promise to meet at school.
We made a promise to meet the next week.
We made a resolution to increase production.
We made a run for it.
We made a sand castle.
We made a snowman this winter.
We made a thousand dollars in a week.
We made a trade.
We made a trip to Algiers' old town.
We made a trip to the library.
We made a video about Skura.
We made a video about what happened.
We made a wrong turn and got lost.
We made an agreement to meet exactly at ten.
We made an appeal for support.
We made an attempt to climb up a tree.
We made an escapist political thriller that we wanted to imbue with humanity and realism.
We made an exception.
We made arrangements to meet at 6 p.m. on Monday.
We made beef tacos for lunch.
We made breakfast.
We made brochures at small cost.
We made cabbage soup.
We made cakes for other bakeries.
We made camp near the lake.
We made clothes.
We made comments.
We made cookies.
We made couscous and it's delicious.
We made couscous.
We made dinner.
We made every effort to help him.
We made eye contact.
We made far too many mistakes.
We made for a pond at the foot of the hill.
We made friends pretty quickly.
We made friends with Jane.
We made friends with at least ten Americans.
We made friends with them.
We made fun of Tom about this.
We made fun of Tom.
We made fun of him about this.
We made fun of him over this incident.
We made fun of them.
We made good business today.
We made good time since the traffic was light.
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.
We made hajj together.
We made her the captain of the team.
We made him chairman.
We made him confused.
We made him cry.
We made him go there.
We made him go.
We made him lose his way.
We made him our guide.
We made him the captain of the team.
We made inquiries into Tom's past.
We made inquiries into his past.
We made it a yearly routine to visit our family that lives in Algeria.
We made it back safe.
We made it back safely.
We made it cheaper by eliminating unnecessary functions.
We made it on time.
We made it out of Kabylie alive.
We made it out of there.
We made it to the airport on time.
We made it to the top five.
We made it to the top of the mountain just in time to see the sunrise.
We made it to the top three.
We made it too complicated.
We made it up.
We made it!
We made it! Isn't that great!
We made it.
We made just one tiny little mistake.
We made love the whole day.
We made love, but we weren’t in love.
We made love.
We made lunch.
We made many changes.
We made many mistakes.
We made mistakes.
We made much effort to build the boat.
We made no effort to clarify by entrenching ourselves in silence.
We made noise.
We made one car of two ones.
We made our demands.
We made our own fun.
We made our way out of the building.
We made our way to the parking lot.
We made our way towards our hometown.
We made our word prevail.
We made ourselves as comfortable as possible.
We made ourselves as comfortable as we could.
We made ourselves at home.
We made out like bandits.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
We made pancakes.
We made plans.
We made quick progress.
We made quite a team.
We made rapid progress.
We made really cool friendships at that high school.
We made robots.
We made sacrifices.
We made some bad investments.
We made some hand-crafted flowers.
We made some poor decisions.
We made some squirrel-shaped cookies.
We made some stupid mistakes.
We made some suggestions.
We made something to eat.
We made something wrong.
We made soup for dinner.
We made spaghetti.
We made statues out of clay.
We made statues out of wood.
We made sure of it.
We made sure that Vileyka people are reasonedly famous for their hospitality.
We made sure that didn't happen.
We made that clear.
We made that soy sauce as a project in industrial microbiology.
We made that.
We made the best of our small room.
We made the best of that bad situation.
We made the best of the situation.
We made the boy our guide.
We made the burgers.
We made the decision together.
We made the kids so happy.
We made the most of the opportunity.
We made the necessary moves.
We made the necessary preparations for the voyage.
We made the people panic.
We made the room feel like home in no time.
We made the salad.
We made the vase disappear.
We made them an offer.
We made them change their mind.
We made them confused.
We made these ourselves.
We made these.
We made things more complicated than they had to be.
We made this cake.
We made this decision together.
We made this.
We made three changes.
We made too many mistakes.
We made up our mind to come in any case.
We made up our mind to go to law school.
We made up the whole story.
We made up with Tom.
We made up.
We made use of the maps during our journey.
We made waffles.
We made way too many mistakes.
We made wreaths of the Mayflowers and put them on our hats.
We made you a cake.
We made you confused.
We made your life better.
We made...
We maintain our independence.
We majored in literature at the university.
We majored in psychology.
We make a good couple.
We make a good team.
We make a great couple.
We make a great team.
We make a hundred dollars in three hours.
We make a lot of mistakes out of inattention.
We make a lot of money selling cakes in the school.
We make a lot of money.
We make a mistake when we think that everything that happens to us concerns us personally.
We make a pretty good team, don't we?
We make a really good team.
We make a teeny bit of progress, then we go back to square one.
We make an excellent team.
We make bricks.
We make butter from milk.
We make butter with milk.
We make certain people so great that they look down on us.
We make decisions together.
We make engine parts.
We make enough money to get by.
We make every decision together.
We make everything to order.
We make fun of each other all the time.
We make fun of him.
We make good money.
We make good shoes from goat skins.
We make grapes into wine.
We make great money.
We make inexpensive toys.
We make it a practice to take a walk every morning.
We make it a rule to get together at intervals.
We make it a rule to get together at regular intervals.
We make just enough to get by.
We make lots of things out of paper.
We make love.
We make men's and women's clothing.
We make men’s and women’s clothing.
We make milk into butter.
We make milk into cheese and butter.
We make mistakes, too.
We make mistakes.
We make much of the changing of the seasons in Japan.
We make not a few mistakes when speaking in English.
We make our own decisions.
We make our own rules.
We make our own sour cream.
We make our products as best quality as possible.
We make our products using our creativity as a service to you.
We make out for a few minutes.
We make progress only one step at a time.
We make quite a couple.
We make sake from rice.
We make selections based on a definite direction.
We make some people so great to the point that they look down on us.
We make the best guitars in the world.
We make the fire with wood.
We make the most of the opportunity.
We make the same mistakes again and again.
We make the total about $50.
We make things.
We make tools.
We make traditional necklaces.
We make yogurt at home.
We managed to bring him around to our way of thinking.
We managed to catch the last train.
We managed to catch the train just before it left.
We managed to cobble together a solution, but it isn't pretty.
We managed to convince Tom to do that.
We managed to convince her.
We managed to convince him.
We managed to cook more than a thousand chickens in one day.
We managed to corner him.
We managed to cut costs.
We managed to escape just in time.
We managed to find an escape route.
We managed to get along.
We managed to get it back without her knowing about it.
We managed to get it back without her knowing.
We managed to get some foreign stamps.
We managed to get there just in time.
We managed to get there on time.
We managed to get through to each other.
We managed to light a fire.
We managed to make him understand it.
We managed to make it just in time.
We managed to save a few bucks.
We managed to save them.
We managed to sleep a little.
We managed to swim across the river.
We managed to track Tom down.
We march tonight under the cover of darkness.
We marched down the street - stomp, stomp, stomp.
We marched in the rain.
We marched to the cafeteria.
We marched under a hail of bullets.
We marched.
We mark the dazzling meteor in its flight / glide o'er the roof, till, vanished from our eyes, / it hides in Ida's forest, shining bright / and furrowing out a pathway through the skies, / and round us far and wide the sulphurous fumes arise.
We married into Kabyle families.
We married seven years ago.
We marveled at his bold attempt.
We marveled at the little boy's eloquence.
We marveled at the little boy’s eloquence.
We marvelled at the little boy's eloquence.
We mashed the medlars.
We may actually be in Australia all year.
We may all be dead tomorrow.
We may all be in danger.
We may all be in trouble.
We may all be killed.
We may all die here.
We may all die.
We may all get fired.
We may all have to do something we don't want to do.
We may all have to help Tom.
We may all have to leave.
We may all soon be dead.
We may already be too late.
We may also need that.
We may approach some discussions with different insights.
We may as well all go.
We may as well be friends.
We may as well begin without Tom.
We may as well begin without him.
We may as well cool our jets and wait until it starts moving again.
We may as well enjoy ourselves.
We may as well finish our dinner.
We may as well get started.
We may as well go at once.
We may as well go home.
We may as well head home.
We may as well just go on home.
We may as well just leave.
We may as well keep it a secret.
We may as well leave.
We may as well look around.
We may as well set to work at once.
We may as well start at once.
We may as well start now.
We may as well start walking.
We may as well stay here till the weather improves.
We may as well stay where we are.
We may as well stick together.
We may as well try it.
We may as well wait.
We may as well walk as wait for the next bus.
We may ask for your social security number.
We may ask you to provide your personal information.
We may be a step closer to wiping polio off the face of the earth. The virus is a scourge that attacks children and causes lifelong paralysis, if not an early death.
We may be able to borrow money from Tom.
We may be able to do that.
We may be able to help.
We may be able to meet Tom some day.
We may be able to see birds' nests.
We may be able to see birds’ nests.
We may be fewer than we would like, but we are far more numerous than you can imagine.
We may be forced to do that.
We may be forced to leave.
We may be here several days.
We may be in Australia next spring.
We may be in Australia next winter.
We may be in Australia the month after next.
We may be in Boston next winter.
We may be in danger.
We may be late for school.
We may be late.
We may be on a collision course.
We may be opponents, but we're not enemies. We're Americans.
We may be short of chairs.
We may be there.
We may be too late.
We may both quit.
We may collapse.
We may collect a variety of information about you.
We may combine your personal information with other information.
We may come to Australia next month.
We may come to Boston next month.
We may come to Boston next week.
We may do so soon.
We may do that tomorrow.
We may do that.
We may even see a rainbow!
We may even see a rainbow.
We may even want to stay for another day or two.
We may experience some difficulties.
We may fail, but we must try.
We may faint.
We may fall ill at any moment.
We may find happiness elsewhere.
We may find it necessary to leave early.
We may get to see another side of Ms. Sakura.
We may give advice, but we do not inspire conduct.
We may go to Australia next month to visit Tom.
We may go to Australia next month.
We may go to Australia next spring.
We may go to Australia next summer.
We may go to Australia next winter.
We may go to Boston next month to visit Tom.
We may go to Boston next summer.
We may have a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
We may have a problem.
We may have a shower today.
We may have a situation here.
We may have a thousand in our army, but most of them are injured.
We may have a variety of opinions.
We may have a very severe earthquake any moment now.
We may have changed.
We may have different opinions on some issues.
We may have just enough leeway in the negotiations to get the project approved.
We may have made a mistake.
We may have missed the bus.
We may have more in common than you think we do.
We may have more in common than you think.
We may have one advantage.
We may have reached the point where cosmetics has replaced ideology as the field of expertise over which a politician must have competent control.
We may have some rain tomorrow.
We may have some time.
We may have taken the wrong train.
We may have to be in Australia all year.
We may have to be in Australia for a week or two.
We may have to be in Boston for a week or two.
We may have to call security.
We may have to change it.
We may have to do as Tom suggests.
We may have to do it.
We may have to do that.
We may have to drive to Boston by ourselves.
We may have to eat it.
We may have to go to Australia the week after next.
We may have to go to Boston the week after next.
We may have to go without her.
We may have to help Tom.
We may have to help them.
We may have to leave early.
We may have to leave without Tom.
We may have to live in Australia for a few years.
We may have to live in Boston for a few years.
We may have to move very quickly.
We may have to paint our house by ourselves.
We may have to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We may have to stay in Boston for a few weeks.
We may have to unmoor from the anchors and head into the wind under power.
We may have to work late today.
We may leave the details of their theory unexamined, but we must not forget to ask them the only question with which we are concerned: Are all things in motion and flux?
We may leave the question of who killed John Straker for the instant, and confine ourselves to finding out what has become of the horse.
We may live in Australia for a few years.
We may live in Australia for another year.
We may live in Boston for a few years.
We may lose our funding.
We may lose.
We may meet again in the near future.
We may miss the next bus but at any rate we'll be there before midnight.
We may miss the next bus but at any rate we’ll be there before midnight.
We may need Tom's help someday.
We may need Tom.
We may need another favor.
We may need help.
We may need it later.
We may need it soon.
We may need some help.
We may need some more paper.
We may need some.
We may need them.
We may need this.
We may need to be in Australia for longer than we expected.
We may need to be in Australia for several weeks.
We may need to be in Boston for longer than we expected.
We may need to do more.
We may need to do that.
We may need to go to Australia next month.
We may need to go to Boston on Monday.
We may need to help Tom.
We may need to help them.
We may need to live in Australia for a few years.
We may need to live in Boston for a few years.
We may need to reduce water use by up to thirty percent.
We may need to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We may need to stay in Boston for a few weeks.
We may need your help after all.
We may never find out.
We may never find the answer.
We may never get a chance to do this again.
We may never get this opportunity again.
We may never have another chance to do this again.
We may never have another chance to talk in private.
We may never have another chance.
We may never have the chance to do that.
We may never have the chance.
We may never know the answer.
We may never know what happened to Tom.
We may never know what happened to flight MH370.
We may never know what happened.
We may never know what really happened.
We may never know who killed Tom.
We may never know why that happened.
We may never know why.
We may never know.
We may never see Tom again.
We may never see each other again.
We may never see them again.
We may never win another game.
We may not be able to afford it.
We may not be able to catch up with Tom.
We may not be able to catch up with them.
We may not be able to catch up.
We may not be able to do that.
We may not be able to help.
We may not be able to sell this car.
We may not be able to solve all our problems, but we should be able to solve some of them.
We may not be able to stop you.
We may not be back for a couple of weeks.
We may not enjoy living together, but dying together isn't going to solve anything.
We may not get another chance.
We may not get anything.
We may not get there in one year or even in one term.
We may not go to Australia this spring.
We may not go.
We may not have a choice.
We may not have enough uniforms.
We may not have everything we want, but we have everything we need.
We may not have much time.
We may not have so much time.
We may not have that much time.
We may not have time for that.
We may not have time.
We may not have very much time.
We may not see Tom again for a long, long time.
We may not stay in Australia as long as we had planned to.
We may not win tomorrow.
We may now begin whenever we want.
We may only have a few minutes.
We may plant a couple more trees.
We may refuse to accept the proposal.
We may see Tom win again.
We may simply have to wait and see.
We may sing together.
We may sleep tonight with light hearts, Caroline!
We may stay in Australia for a couple of weeks.
We may stay in Australia for a few more days.
We may stay in Australia for another three days.
We may stay in Boston for a few more days.
We may still get lucky.
We may stumble out of the blue.
We may surprise everybody.
We may visit Australia next spring.
We may visit Boston next spring.
We may want Tom's help someday.
We may well have rain this evening.
We may well take pride in our old temples.
We may win this time.
We may win.
We may wonder why some crested birds have this regal insignia bestowed upon them by nature, but it would be impossible to think of the waxwing without his crowning glory.
We mean Tom no harm.
We mean business.
We mean by this, that the Angora goat raising industry is yet in its infancy, and that much of the mohair produced is sheared from goats which have been bred from the common hair variety.
We mean it.
We mean you no harm.
We meant it.
We meant no harm.
We meant no offence.
We meant well.
We measure the depth of the river.
We measured the depth of the river.
We measured the electricity used during air cooling in the same way as heating, and compared the old model air conditioner to the energy conservation (2001) model.
We measured the footprints.
We meddle.
We meet again in three hours.
We meet at a time of tension between the United States and Muslims around the world â€“ tension rooted in historical forces that go beyond any current policy debate.
We meet at a time of tension between the United States and Muslims around the world – tension rooted in historical forces that go beyond any current policy debate.
We meet at last! I've waited so long for this moment.
We meet at last, Tom.
We meet at the Unitarian church on Park Street.
We meet every Monday morning.
We meet every Monday night.
We meet every other Monday.
We meet every three weeks.
We meet here once a month.
We meet here once a week.
We meet him on occasion at the club.
We meet in court.
We meet in the evening at the bridge.
We meet on Mondays.
We meet on Sundays.
We meet once a month.
We meet our engagements.
We meet sometimes at the shop.
We meet sometimes in the park.
We meet up once a week.
We men are used to waiting for the women.
We men can silence the vulture within us, but not the jackass.
We mended some broken chairs.
We mention her in good terms.
We mention him every year.
We mentioned it to Tom.
We mentioned that gentleman in the conversation.
We mentioned that.
We messaged Mina.
We messed up big time.
We messed up the deal.
We messed up.
We met Mary.
We met MrBeast in person.
We met Mrs. Brown at the theater.
We met Santa in the mall.
We met Skura on our way to the theater.
We met Tom at the restaurant.
We met Tom here.
We met Tom on our way here.
We met a few weeks ago.
We met a lot of friends.
We met a man named Tom.
We met a traffic jam on the way.
We met a week ago.
We met a writer.
We met after your show the other night in Boston.
We met again a couple of times at the university.
We met again after many years.
We met again in Oujda, on the border with Algeria.
We met along the way.
We met at 2:30, as arranged.
We met at Heroes' Square.
We met at a certain place in the city.
We met at a friend's wedding.
We met at a party.
We met at school.
We met at summer camp.
We met at the Audin Roundabout, in Algiers.
We met at the Christmas party last year.
We met at the Place Broglie.
We met at the church.
We met at the designated spot.
We met at the door of my house.
We met at the notary's office.
We met at the pizza place almost every day.
We met at the school.
We met at the space center.
We met at two in the afternoon.
We met before.
We met by chance at the supermarket.
We met by chance in Boston.
We met by chance in the village.
We met by chance the other day.
We met by happenstance.
We met completely by coincidence.
We met each other again completely by accident.
We met each other at a classical music concert.
We met each other at a party.
We met each other at the airport.
We met each other in Bejaia.
We met earlier.
We met for lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
We met for the last time.
We met friends at the airport café.
We met friends at the shopping mall.
We met her brother at the shop by chance.
We met her by accident.
We met her here.
We met her on the road.
We met here.
We met him here.
We met him on the way there.
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.
We met in 2013.
We met in 2019.
We met in Algeria.
We met in Australia.
We met in Boston through a mutual friend.
We met in Boston.
We met in Europe a few years ago.
We met in Kabylie.
We met in Kalman's tent and played some card games.
We met in Paris.
We met in Shanghai.
We met in Xi'an.
We met in a chat room, around ten years ago.
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.
We met in an inn.
We met in an online support group.
We met in college.
We met in front of the school.
We met in school.
We met in secret.
We met in the American history class.
We met in the evening for a cosy get-together.
We met in winter.
We met last Christmas at the office party.
We met last Monday.
We met last Thursday.
We met last night.
We met last week.
We met last year and hope to meet again next year.
We met last year in Australia.
We met last year in Boston.
We met last year.
We met on Facebook.
We met on IRC.
We met on May Day.
We met on Monday.
We met on October 20th last year.
We met on Sunday.
We met on a blind date.
We met on a cruise.
We met on the cruise last week.
We met on the plane.
We met our friends.
We met our neighbor in the street.
We met our teacher on the first day of school.
We met our teacher.
We met over coffee last week.
We met suddenly at the market.
We met that night.
We met the kind old Archbishop of York.
We met the other day.
We met them at the youth hostel.
We met them by accident at the bus terminal.
We met them by accident by the bus terminal.
We met them here.
We met them on the beach.
We met them on the street.
We met them yesterday.
We met there once a week regularly.
We met there yesterday.
We met three coaches of high rank.
We met three years ago.
We met through a mutual friend in Boston.
We met through a mutual friend.
We met today.
We met twice, and on the second time we fell in love.
We met two years ago.
We met under a lonely tree.
We met up in the library to study.
We met up last winter.
We met when I was homeless.
We met while we were both visiting Australia.
We met with Tom.
We met with an unexpected difficulty.
We met women on the road.
We met yesterday.
We might actually be able to do that.
We might actually be in Australia all year.
We might actually be in Boston all year.
We might actually do that.
We might arrive before it rains.
We might as well ask Tom to come, too.
We might as well be dead.
We might as well check it out.
We might as well die as disgrace ourselves.
We might as well do that now.
We might as well do that.
We might as well eat dog food as eat such a dish.
We might as well enjoy ourselves.
We might as well get started.
We might as well get this over with.
We might as well give it a try.
We might as well go ahead and do that now.
We might as well go ahead and eat.
We might as well just go home.
We might as well leave.
We might as well look for the tooth fairy.
We might as well pack up.
We might as well stay here until it stops hailing.
We might as well tell Tom, too.
We might as well tell her, too.
We might as well tell him, too.
We might as well tell them, too.
We might as well try to get away.
We might as well wait until Tom and Mary get here.
We might as well wait until Tom gets here.
We might as well walk home as try to catch a taxi here.
We might be able to borrow money from Tom.
We might be able to do that next week.
We might be able to do that without Tom's help.
We might be able to do that.
We might be able to duplicate it.
We might be able to help Tom.
We might be able to help her.
We might be able to help them.
We might be able to use that.
We might be here all night.
We might be here for a while.
We might be in Australia next spring.
We might be in Australia next winter.
We might be in Australia the month after next.
We might be in Boston next spring.
We might be in Boston the day after tomorrow.
We might be in danger.
We might be interested.
We might be late.
We might be told to wait outside if it gets too hot.
We might build a snowman later.
We might build a snowman.
We might come to Australia next month.
We might come to Boston next month.
We might come to Boston next week.
We might die.
We might do that in the afternoon.
We might do that this afternoon, so let's eat lunch earlier than usual.
We might do that tomorrow.
We might do that.
We might even come out ahead.
We might even see a rainbow.
We might even win.
We might find a better way to do this.
We might find life on Mars, but certainly not on the surface.
We might find life on Mars.
We might find something.
We might get arrested if we do that.
We might get hurt if we do that the way Tom suggested.
We might get hurt if we do that.
We might get injured if we do that.
We might get injured.
We might get lucky.
We might get some rain.
We might go to Australia next month to visit Tom.
We might go to Australia next month.
We might go to Australia next spring.
We might go to Australia next summer.
We might go to Australia next winter.
