Tom and Vladimir need each other.
Tom and Vladimir started a co-op.
Tom and Yanni have never met in person.
Tom and Yanni live down the street from Mary and Skura.
Tom and Yanni watched gay porn.
Tom and Ziri are brothers. They look like Lennie and Bennie.
Tom and a few others are waiting for you on the porch.
Tom and a few others have volunteered to help.
Tom and a few others were here until 2:30.
Tom and all his friends can easily afford to buy new cars every year.
Tom and all the men with him were wearing black suits.
Tom and his accomplice were armed with assault rifles.
Tom and his annoying younger sister were at the picnic.
Tom and his brother are about the same height.
Tom and his brother are both artists.
Tom and his brother are coming.
Tom and his brother are extremely close.
Tom and his brother are like chalk and cheese.
Tom and his brother are not at all alike.
Tom and his brother are quite different.
Tom and his brother are very different from each other.
Tom and his brother are very different.
Tom and his brother are very similar.
Tom and his brother did that together.
Tom and his brother didn't use to get along very well.
Tom and his brother don't live in the same city.
Tom and his brother had a major falling-out over who had been left what in their mother's will.
Tom and his brother have agreed to bury the hatchet after years of bickering.
Tom and his brother have different personalities.
Tom and his brother have very different personalities.
Tom and his brother have very little in common.
Tom and his brother live together.
Tom and his brother look quite similar.
Tom and his brother look similar.
Tom and his brother look very similar.
Tom and his brother never used to get along very well.
Tom and his brother play on the same team.
Tom and his brother played on the same team, but not at the same time.
Tom and his brother used to never get along very well.
Tom and his brother usually cut each other's hair.
Tom and his brother want to learn Esperanto.
Tom and his brother were extremely close.
Tom and his brothers are coming.
Tom and his brothers are extremely close.
Tom and his brothers grew up in the Boston area.
Tom and his buddies often sing drinking songs.
Tom and his buddies slit the throats of eleven men and women.
Tom and his children are eating.
Tom and his children live in Boston.
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
Tom and his children watched in awe as the magnificent old steam train thundered past.
Tom and his children went fishing yesterday.
Tom and his classmates are going to an art museum tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and his cousin went into business together.
Tom and his cousins went into business together.
Tom and his crew have just come ashore.
Tom and his dad built this.
Tom and his daughter came over to my house yesterday.
Tom and his dog are waiting outside.
Tom and his dog both died in the fire.
Tom and his dog ran across a wheat field.
Tom and his dog ran through the wheat field.
Tom and his dog sleep in the same room.
Tom and his dog spent the day looking for survivors.
Tom and his dog waited outside for Mary.
Tom and his dog were on the spot before any of his fellow firemen.
Tom and his dog wrestled playfully for the ball.
Tom and his driving instructor were both killed in the accident.
Tom and his family are still living in the house across the street.
Tom and his family came to the train station to see us off.
Tom and his family don't speak French at home.
Tom and his family emigrated to Australia.
Tom and his family have just moved to Australia.
Tom and his family have just moved to Boston.
Tom and his family have moved into a new house.
Tom and his family live in Australia.
Tom and his family live in Boston.
Tom and his family live in a small farm house not too far from here.
Tom and his family live just outside Boston.
Tom and his family moved into a new house the week before last.
Tom and his family say grace before every meal.
Tom and his family sold 20 head of cattle earlier this week.
Tom and his family survived the earthquake.
Tom and his family visit us every summer.
Tom and his family visited us last summer.
Tom and his family went camping on Mary's Island.
Tom and his family went on a family vacation.
Tom and his father are alive and well.
Tom and his father are building a tree house.
Tom and his father built a tree house together.
Tom and his father have been reunited.
Tom and his father were both there.
Tom and his father work on the same construction crew.
Tom and his father work together.
Tom and his father worked side by side.
Tom and his followers were banished to the moon centuries ago.
Tom and his friend John were swimming close to shore when a strong undertow carried them out to sea.
Tom and his friend are quarantined at home.
Tom and his friend were duelling with plastic swords.
Tom and his friend were sitting in the back of the auditorium.
Tom and his friends all have Macbooks.
Tom and his friends are in the living room watching TV.
Tom and his friends are in the next room singing drinking songs.
Tom and his friends are in the park flying kites.
Tom and his friends are outside, waiting for you.
Tom and his friends are outside.
Tom and his friends are planning to rob a bank.
Tom and his friends are playing Dungeons and Dragons in the basement.
Tom and his friends are playing basketball.
Tom and his friends are playing cards.
Tom and his friends are playing hide and seek.
Tom and his friends are playing hide-and-seek.
Tom and his friends are playing poker.
Tom and his friends are playing soccer in the park.
Tom and his friends are playing tag.
Tom and his friends are playing volleyball.
Tom and his friends are swimming in the pond.
Tom and his friends are swimming in the pool.
Tom and his friends asked me to come with them.
Tom and his friends built a cabin in the forest.
Tom and his friends built a cabin in the woods.
Tom and his friends built a log house.
Tom and his friends built a snow fort.
Tom and his friends chopped down every tree on his property.
Tom and his friends consumed a lot of beer last night.
Tom and his friends discussed politics all night.
Tom and his friends drank a lot of beer last night.
Tom and his friends form a tight crew.
Tom and his friends go hiking almost every weekend.
Tom and his friends got stinking drunk.
Tom and his friends got together and formed a bond.
Tom and his friends had a snowball fight against Mary and her friends.
Tom and his friends have a poker game every month.
Tom and his friends headed towards the beach.
Tom and his friends helped me carry the piano.
Tom and his friends helped me.
Tom and his friends hiked to the lake.
Tom and his friends lied about what happened.
Tom and his friends love to get together and play music.
Tom and his friends made a bonfire on the beach.
Tom and his friends made a short film.
Tom and his friends made s'mores around the campfire.
Tom and his friends often hang out at the park together.
Tom and his friends often hang out together after school.
Tom and his friends often play cards until after midnight.
Tom and his friends often play games together.
Tom and his friends painted the barn yesterday.
Tom and his friends painted the barn.
Tom and his friends plan to rob a bank.
Tom and his friends planned to rob a bank.
Tom and his friends play poker almost every Friday night.
Tom and his friends play poker together every Monday evening.
Tom and his friends played Monopoly.
Tom and his friends played a German board game.
Tom and his friends played baseball last weekend.
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.
Tom and his friends played basketball last weekend.
Tom and his friends played cowboys and Indians.
Tom and his friends played hockey on the frozen pond.
Tom and his friends played in the park until it got dark.
Tom and his friends played tag.
Tom and his friends played the Settlers of Catan.
Tom and his friends pretended to be Australian while barhopping to meet girls.
Tom and his friends pushed as hard as they could, but the car wouldn't budge.
Tom and his friends rode off on their bicycles.
Tom and his friends rode their bicycles together around the neighborhood.
Tom and his friends rode their bikes to the pool.
Tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows.
Tom and his friends sat around the campfire and sang songs.
Tom and his friends sat around the fire, talking about the good old days.
Tom and his friends sat on the beach and watched the boys swimming.
Tom and his friends shared a meal.
Tom and his friends skated on the frozen pond.
Tom and his friends spent all morning sledding.
Tom and his friends spent the afternoon painting the barn.
Tom and his friends spent the day cleaning the beach.
Tom and his friends started stealing candy from the drug store.
Tom and his friends threw Mary into the water.
Tom and his friends took a selfie.
Tom and his friends took up arms against the enemy.
Tom and his friends tore down the old house.
Tom and his friends tried to help us.
Tom and his friends use the school printer every month to print the student bulletin.
Tom and his friends walked down the hill together.
Tom and his friends walked down the street, singing a song.
Tom and his friends want to play basketball.
Tom and his friends went clubbing.
Tom and his friends went down the river on a rubber raft.
Tom and his friends went hiking on Monday.
Tom and his friends went outside to smoke.
Tom and his friends went rafting.
Tom and his friends went skiing today.
Tom and his friends went to the circus.
Tom and his friends went to the river to swim.
Tom and his friends went trick-or-treating.
Tom and his friends were ahead of me.
Tom and his friends were asked to leave.
Tom and his friends were having a great time.
Tom and his friends were playing basketball.
Tom and his friends were playing cards.
Tom and his friends were playing dodgeball.
Tom and his friends were playing marbles.
Tom and his friends were playing tag.
Tom and his friends were robbed at gunpoint.
Tom and his friends were sitting around a card table.
Tom and his friends were speaking to each other in French.
Tom and his friends were wearing sports jackets.
Tom and his friends will be here soon.
Tom and his friends will be painting our house next weekend.
Tom and his gang plan to rob a bank.
Tom and his girlfriend Mary had a fight.
Tom and his girlfriend are in the same class.
Tom and his girlfriend came here yesterday.
Tom and his girlfriend got engaged.
Tom and his girlfriend have split up.
Tom and his girlfriend often hang out with Mary and her boyfriend.
Tom and his girlfriend spent all afternoon at the art museum.
Tom and his girlfriend were here together this morning.
Tom and his grandfather communicate in French.
Tom and his grandmother have gone to the bookstore.
Tom and his grandmother went to the bookstore.
Tom and his husband like chemistry.
Tom and his kids went fishing yesterday.
Tom and his lawyer left the courtroom together just a few minutes ago.
Tom and his mates went on a pub crawl and all ended up pretty drunk.
Tom and his men were forced to eat one of the sled dogs.
Tom and his mother are waiting on the porch.
Tom and his neighbors aren't safe yet.
Tom and his neighbors don't get along very well.
Tom and his new roommate don't seem to get along very well.
Tom and his parents are in Australia this week.
Tom and his parents are in Boston this week.
Tom and his parents moved to Australia.
Tom and his parents moved to Boston.
Tom and his pet squirrel are nuts about each other.
Tom and his roommate went camping this weekend.
Tom and his sister are both students at this university.
Tom and his son are missing.
Tom and his son often go fishing together.
Tom and his son work at the same store.
Tom and his son worked together.
Tom and his spouse like chemistry.
Tom and his squirrel had a huge fight.
Tom and his squirrel were buried together.
Tom and his staff are preparing for the meeting.
Tom and his staff can manage that.
Tom and his teacher were talking to each other.
Tom and his team are ready for it.
Tom and his team are ready for that.
Tom and his team are ready.
Tom and his team are up for it.
Tom and his team worked around the clock to get the job finished.
Tom and his teenage son moved to Australia.
Tom and his teenage son moved to Boston.
Tom and his three sisters live together.
Tom and his three sons go camping every weekend in the summer.
Tom and his three sons went on a picnic with Mary and her three daughters.
Tom and his two bodyguards came in through the back door.
Tom and his uncle walked together in silence.
Tom and his wife adopted a girl whose parents had been killed in an automobile accident.
Tom and his wife adopted a girl.
Tom and his wife adopted three children.
Tom and his wife are coming over for dinner tonight.
Tom and his wife are from Australia.
Tom and his wife are from Boston.
Tom and his wife both enjoy playing chess.
Tom and his wife both grew up in Australia.
Tom and his wife both grew up in Boston.
Tom and his wife both have to work to make ends meet.
Tom and his wife came.
Tom and his wife co-authored a book about Boston.
Tom and his wife don't have any children.
Tom and his wife have adopted three children.
Tom and his wife have been thrown out of their apartment.
Tom and his wife have just had a baby.
Tom and his wife have no children.
Tom and his wife have separated.
Tom and his wife have three children.
Tom and his wife like chemistry.
Tom and his wife live in Australia.
Tom and his wife live in Boston.
Tom and his wife live separately.
Tom and his wife moved to Boston.
Tom and his wife never take vacations together.
Tom and his wife opened a Kabyle marriage agency in Boston.
Tom and his wife plan to go to Boston next month.
Tom and his wife plan to stay in Boston for three weeks.
Tom and his wife returned to the place they met twice a month.
Tom and his wife seem to get along well.
Tom and his wife started fighting.
Tom and his wife tried to work out their problems.
Tom and his wife wanted to have a child before they were too old.
Tom and his wife, Mary, have two kids, John and Alice.
Tom and his workers killed all the infected sheep.
Tom and maria went for a walk in the woods.
Tom and my secret came to light.
Tom and one of his friends came over last night.
Tom and one other person are waiting outside.
Tom and one other person were seriously injured.
Tom and only Tom can do it.
Tom and only Tom can do that.
Tom and only Tom knows the whole truth.
Tom and only Tom really knows what happened.
Tom and others digitized about 200 books and put them online for free access.
Tom and several other truck drivers were eating at a table near the window.
Tom and several other truckers were eating at a table near the window.
Tom and some of his friends are planning on robbing a bank.
Tom and some of his friends are planning to go camping next weekend.
Tom and some of his friends are planning to rob a bank.
Tom and some of his friends went to the zoo.
Tom and some other boys were fighting on the playground.
Tom and some other men arrived fifteen minutes ago.
Tom and the other children were feeding the ducks.
Tom and the other detainees have been released.
Tom and the other farmers prayed for rain.
Tom and the other hostages have been released.
Tom and the other men are on the porch, gossiping.
Tom and the other passengers got on the plane.
Tom and the others agree.
Tom and the others all burst out laughing.
Tom and the others are already eating.
Tom and the others are headed this way.
Tom and the others are with Mary.
Tom and the others arrived late last night.
Tom and the others have already left.
Tom and the others just left.
Tom and the others left early.
Tom and the others ran out of the building.
Tom and the rest of the basketball team stole a school bus and drove to Boston.
Tom and the rest of the robbers rendezvoused at a subway station.
Tom and the rest of the team are celebrating.
Tom and three of his cousins went camping together last weekend.
Tom and three of his friends went camping last weekend.
Tom and three of his friends went fishing last weekend.
Tom and three of his friends went on a picnic.
Tom and three other boys were here this afternoon.
Tom and three other crew members were injured in the accident.
Tom and three other men were hurt.
Tom and three other men were injured.
Tom and three other musicians covered a tune that a more well-known band had originally performed.
Tom and three other people are waiting in the lobby.
Tom and three other people were here this afternoon.
Tom and three other people were injured.
Tom and three other people will help us clean up after the picnic.
Tom and three other prisoners are on a hunger strike.
Tom and three other prisoners got into a fight.
Tom and three other prisoners have escaped.
Tom and three other students are staying after school to help clean the classroom.
Tom and two other detectives visited the crime scene.
Tom and you have a lot in common.
Tom angered Mary.
Tom angrily attacked Mary.
Tom angrily closed the door.
Tom angrily hit the table with a stale baguette.
Tom angrily pushed Mary away.
Tom angrily rattled the locked door.
Tom angrily shoved Mary away.
Tom angrily slammed the door.
Tom angrily stared at Mary.
Tom angrily stomped out of the room.
Tom angrily tore up Mary's letter.
Tom angrily tore up the letter from Mary.
Tom angrily walked out of the room.
Tom annexed Moscow.
Tom announced he was going to do that.
Tom announced he was planning to do that.
Tom announced he was retiring.
Tom announced he wasn't going to do that.
Tom announced his candidacy for class president.
Tom announced his decision Monday.
Tom announced his decision on Monday.
Tom announced his decision on October 20th.
Tom announced his engagement to Mary.
Tom announced his intention to run for class president.
Tom announced his plans to leave.
Tom announced his resignation at the meeting.
Tom announced his resignation yesterday.
Tom announced his retirement from the race for the presidency.
Tom announced his retirement in 2013.
Tom announced his retirement last Monday.
Tom announced that Mary was missing.
Tom announced that he had decided to remain in the group.
Tom announced that he was going to do that.
Tom announced that he was leaving the group.
Tom announced that he was planning to do that.
Tom announced that he was quitting football.
Tom announced that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom announced that he will be running for a seat in Congress.
Tom announced that he won't work for us anymore.
Tom announced that he'd be retiring at the end of the year.
Tom announced the agreement Monday.
Tom announced the decision Monday.
Tom announced the winner.
Tom annoyed Mary.
Tom annoyed everyone with his constant complaints.
Tom annoyed his dog to make it bark.
Tom annoyed me with a lot of questions.
Tom annoyed me with questions.
Tom annoys Mary.
Tom anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
Tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity.
Tom answered Mary's ad.
Tom answered Mary's letter right away.
Tom answered Mary's question immediately.
Tom answered Mary's question.
Tom answered Mary's text with an emoji.
Tom answered Mary.
Tom answered Mary’s letter right away.
Tom answered a few questions.
Tom answered all but one of the questions correctly.
Tom answered all my questions.
Tom answered all of Mary's questions.
Tom answered all of Mary’s questions.
Tom answered all of my questions.
Tom answered all of our questions in less than ten minutes.
Tom answered all of our questions.
Tom answered all our questions.
Tom answered all the questions correctly.
Tom answered all the questions easily.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
Tom answered all the questions that Mary asked him.
Tom answered all the questions.
Tom answered back.
Tom answered by saying that he could do that.
Tom answered calmly.
Tom answered carefully.
Tom answered correctly.
Tom answered evasively.
Tom answered every question correctly.
Tom answered his cell phone.
Tom answered his front door.
Tom answered his own question.
Tom answered his phone on the second ring.
Tom answered his phone.
Tom answered immediately.
Tom answered in French.
Tom answered in detail.
Tom answered in the affirmative.
Tom answered in the negative.
Tom answered in the same language.
Tom answered in the same low tone.
Tom answered incorrectly.
Tom answered me back.
Tom answered me with a smile.
Tom answered my message right away.
Tom answered my question in the affirmative.
Tom answered my question with a positive response.
Tom answered my question with a yes.
Tom answered my question.
Tom answered no to both questions.
Tom answered none of our questions.
Tom answered quickly.
Tom answered right away.
Tom answered some of the questions.
Tom answered that he didn't know.
Tom answered the call.
Tom answered the door dressed in his pajamas.
Tom answered the door in his pajamas.
Tom answered the door.
Tom answered the first question on the list.
Tom answered the next question on the list.
Tom answered the phone and it was Mary.
Tom answered the phone and walked out of Mary's earshot.
Tom answered the phone and walked outside of earshot of Mary.
Tom answered the phone as soon as it rang.
Tom answered the phone.
Tom answered the policeman's questions.
Tom answered the policeman’s questions.
Tom answered the question correctly.
Tom answered the question off the cuff.
Tom answered the question right.
Tom answered the question wrong.
Tom answered the question.
Tom answered the questions correctly.
Tom answered the questions.
Tom answered the teacher's questions.
Tom answered the telephone.
Tom answered them.
Tom answered with a contemptuous laugh.
Tom answered with a harsh laugh.
Tom answered with a nod.
Tom answered with a simple no.
Tom answered with a smile.
Tom answered with another shrug.
Tom answered with laughter.
Tom answered without any hesitation.
Tom answered without hesitation.
Tom answered yes to all three questions.
Tom answered yes to my question.
Tom answered yes.
Tom answered.
Tom answers the telephone.
Tom antagonized Mary.
Tom anticipated that there would be trouble.
Tom anticipated that.
Tom anticipated this.
Tom anxiously hurried away.
Tom anxiously looked around.
Tom anxiously waited.
Tom apologised for his behaviour.
Tom apologised for what had happened.
Tom apologised to his boss for not finishing his work on schedule.
Tom apologised.
Tom apologized a few moments later.
Tom apologized about what had happened.
Tom apologized again.
Tom apologized and left.
Tom apologized and then hung up.
Tom apologized for being a jerk.
Tom apologized for being late.
Tom apologized for breaking the window.
Tom apologized for calling so late at night.
Tom apologized for doing that years ago.
Tom apologized for doing that.
Tom apologized for everything he said about me.
Tom apologized for everything he'd done.
Tom apologized for everything.
Tom apologized for falling asleep in class.
Tom apologized for having offended Mary.
Tom apologized for his actions.
Tom apologized for his behavior.
Tom apologized for his mistake.
Tom apologized for his part, but is pessimistic about ever getting an apology for anyone else's.
Tom apologized for his rude behavior.
Tom apologized for his rudeness.
Tom apologized for his son's rude behavior.
Tom apologized for his son’s rude behavior.
Tom apologized for making Mary wait.
Tom apologized for not coming earlier.
Tom apologized for not doing what he had promised he'd do.
Tom apologized for not doing what he promised he'd do.
Tom apologized for not doing what he promised that he'd do.
Tom apologized for not doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom apologized for not having told Mary sooner.
Tom apologized for stepping on my foot.
Tom apologized for that.
Tom apologized for the accident.
Tom apologized for the delay.
Tom apologized for the incident.
Tom apologized for the inconvenience he had caused Mary.
Tom apologized for the inconvenience he had caused.
Tom apologized for the mistake.
Tom apologized for the way he acted.
Tom apologized for upsetting me.
Tom apologized for wasting our time.
Tom apologized for what had happened.
Tom apologized for what he did.
Tom apologized for what he said.
Tom apologized for what he'd done.
Tom apologized numerous times.
Tom apologized on Mary's behalf.
Tom apologized on Monday.
Tom apologized on her behalf.
Tom apologized over the phone.
Tom apologized profusely.
Tom apologized to Mary for accidentally stepping on her foot.
Tom apologized to Mary for being late.
Tom apologized to Mary for being so careless.
Tom apologized to Mary for being so hard on her.
Tom apologized to Mary for being so late.
Tom apologized to Mary for eating her sandwich.
Tom apologized to Mary for everything he'd done to her.
Tom apologized to Mary for everything he'd done.
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son's impolite remarks.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son's rudeness.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son’s impolite remarks.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son’s rudeness.
Tom apologized to Mary for losing his temper.
Tom apologized to Mary for not doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom apologized to Mary for stepping on her foot.
Tom apologized to Mary for the inconvenience he had caused.
Tom apologized to Mary for what he did.
Tom apologized to Mary for what he'd done.
Tom apologized to Mary in front of all his classmates.
Tom apologized to Mary.
Tom apologized to her.
Tom apologized to his boss for not finishing the report on time.
Tom apologized to his girlfriend for forgetting her birthday.
Tom apologized to his teammates.
Tom apologized to me for being late.
Tom apologized to me for his rudeness.
Tom apologized to me this morning.
Tom apologized to me.
Tom apologized to the audience.
Tom apologized to the families of the victims for the explosion at the factory.
Tom apologized to us for being late.
Tom apologized to us for having done that.
Tom apologized to us.
Tom apologized today.
Tom apologized, and Mary apologized, too.
Tom apologized.
Tom apparently actually did what Mary said he did.
Tom apparently agreed to do that.
Tom apparently agrees.
Tom apparently believed what Mary said.
Tom apparently can speak French.
Tom apparently can't speak French.
Tom apparently can't swim.
Tom apparently committed suicide.
Tom apparently couldn't get what he needed.
Tom apparently couldn't get what he wanted.
Tom apparently cried.
Tom apparently did that by himself.
Tom apparently did that three weeks ago.
Tom apparently did that yesterday afternoon.
Tom apparently did that.
Tom apparently didn't agree to do that.
Tom apparently didn't cry.
Tom apparently didn't do that by himself.
Tom apparently didn't do that.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said did.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said he would do.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said he'd do.
Tom apparently didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Tom apparently didn't do what we asked him to do.
Tom apparently didn't get enough sleep.
Tom apparently didn't get everything that they'd promised him.
Tom apparently didn't get everything they'd promised him.
Tom apparently didn't get paid.
Tom apparently didn't have to do that.
Tom apparently didn't need to do that.
Tom apparently didn't notice that.
Tom apparently didn't really do what he said did.
Tom apparently didn't want to do that.
Tom apparently didn't want to go to Mary and John's wedding.
Tom apparently didn't win.
Tom apparently didn’t do what he said he would do.
Tom apparently didn’t want to go to Mary and John’s wedding.
Tom apparently disagrees.
Tom apparently doesn't care.
Tom apparently doesn't do that anymore.
Tom apparently doesn't eat meat.
Tom apparently doesn't have a girlfriend.
Tom apparently doesn't have to do that.
Tom apparently doesn't know Mary.
Tom apparently doesn't need to do that.
Tom apparently doesn't remember Mary.
Tom apparently doesn't understand French at all.
Tom apparently doesn't understand French very well.
Tom apparently doesn't want to do that.
Tom apparently drowned.
Tom apparently enjoys doing that.
Tom apparently fell asleep while driving.
Tom apparently forgot to do that.
Tom apparently gave Mary his gun.
Tom apparently got lost.
Tom apparently got on the wrong train.
Tom apparently had no desire to do that.
Tom apparently had to do that.
Tom apparently had to study French at his school.
Tom apparently has already gone home.
Tom apparently has no desire to do that.
Tom apparently has to do that.
Tom apparently has to speak French for his job.
Tom apparently has to study French at his school.
Tom apparently hasn't been paying his rent.
Tom apparently hasn't done that yet.
Tom apparently hasn't paid his rent yet.
Tom apparently hasn't told Mary about what happened.
Tom apparently hasn't told Mary what to do.
Tom apparently hasn't yet done that.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary he won't be doing that.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary he won't be going to Australia with her.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary he won't be going to Boston with her.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he isn't going to be at her party.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he isn't going to do that.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he won't be doing that.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he won't be going to Australia with her.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he won't be going to Boston with her.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's not going to be at her party.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's not going to do that.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's planning to drop out of school.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary what to do.
Tom apparently isn't so sure of that.
Tom apparently killed himself.
Tom apparently left early.
Tom apparently likes Mary a lot.
Tom apparently likes doing that.
Tom apparently likes to do that.
Tom apparently lived in Australia when he was in college.
Tom apparently lived in Boston when he was in college.
Tom apparently lost his passport.
Tom apparently misused his position.
Tom apparently needed to do that.
Tom apparently needs to do that.
Tom apparently should have done that.
Tom apparently should've done that.
Tom apparently shouldn't have done that.
Tom apparently speaks French.
Tom apparently spent the night in jail.
Tom apparently stayed out all last night.
Tom apparently thought Mary would be here.
Tom apparently thought so.
Tom apparently tried to break into Mary's house.
Tom apparently used to be a plumber.
Tom apparently used to work in Australia.
Tom apparently used to work in Boston.
Tom apparently waited for three hours.
Tom apparently waited for you until 2:30.
Tom apparently waited.
Tom apparently walked to work this morning.
Tom apparently wanted to do that.
Tom apparently wanted to win.
Tom apparently wants to do that.
Tom apparently wants to go to Australia with you.
Tom apparently wants to go to Boston with you.
Tom apparently wants to go with us.
Tom apparently wants to learn French.
Tom apparently wants to win.
Tom apparently went hiking with Mary three weeks ago.
Tom apparently went to the lighthouse by himself.
Tom apparently won't be coming.
Tom apparently won.
Tom appealed against the sentence.
Tom appealed for clemency.
Tom appealed for help.
Tom appealed his conviction and won.
Tom appealed the sentence.
Tom appealed to a higher court.
Tom appealed to his friends for sympathy.
Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him.
Tom appealed to the Supreme Court.
Tom appealed to the judge for mercy.
Tom appealed to us for help.
Tom appeared a moment later.
Tom appeared about to speak, thought better of it, waved and went away.
Tom appeared accompanied by an old woman. Laila and Maria whispered, "Is that his grandmother?" "That must be his new flame!" Both of them giggled scornfully.
Tom appeared agitated.
Tom appeared and shot John.
Tom appeared anxious.
Tom appeared at the door.
Tom appeared busy.
Tom appeared calm.
Tom appeared confused.
Tom appeared from out of nowhere.
Tom appeared from the cave.
Tom appeared in court for a driving offense.
Tom appeared in court on Monday.
Tom appeared in court today.
Tom appeared in my dream.
Tom appeared in the doorway.
Tom appeared intoxicated.
Tom appeared more confident today.
Tom appeared not to see me.
Tom appeared on television last night.
Tom appeared on the cover of Time magazine.
Tom appeared on the steps.
Tom appeared out of nowhere to rescue her, like a knight in shining armor.
Tom appeared out of nowhere.
Tom appeared out of thin air.
Tom appeared relieved to see me.
Tom appeared relieved.
Tom appeared remorseful.
Tom appeared suddenly, as if he just grew out of the ground.
Tom appeared suddenly.
Tom appeared there out of nowhere.
Tom appeared there out of thin air.
Tom appeared to be bewildered.
Tom appeared to be crying.
Tom appeared to be drunk.
Tom appeared to be glad to be back.
Tom appeared to be happy.
Tom appeared to be having fun.
Tom appeared to be in his early thirties.
Tom appeared to be inebriated.
Tom appeared to be intoxicated.
Tom appeared to be sad.
Tom appeared to be sleeping.
Tom appeared to be unhappy.
Tom appeared to be unresponsive.
Tom appeared to be very angry.
Tom appeared to be very confused.
Tom appeared to be very upset.
Tom appeared to be waiting for somebody.
Tom appeared to be waiting for someone.
Tom appeared to have a particular fondness for squirrels.
Tom appeared unarmed.
Tom appeared upset.
Tom appeared very tired.
Tom appears OK.
Tom appears agitated.
Tom appears astonished.
Tom appears awkward.
Tom appears confused.
Tom appears convinced.
Tom appears disoriented.
Tom appears distressed.
Tom appears exhausted.
Tom appears nervous.
Tom appears outraged.
Tom appears quite reasonable.
Tom appears quite stable.
Tom appears satisfied.
Tom appears stunned.
Tom appears to be Canadian.
Tom appears to be a bit nervous.
Tom appears to be a bit worried.
Tom appears to be a friendly guy.
Tom appears to be a friendly person.
Tom appears to be alone.
Tom appears to be asleep.
Tom appears to be broken.
Tom appears to be concerned about something.
Tom appears to be disoriented.
Tom appears to be enjoying himself.
Tom appears to be enjoying the party.
Tom appears to be happy.
Tom appears to be in a lot of pain.
Tom appears to be in a very good mood.
Tom appears to be in pain.
Tom appears to be intelligent.
Tom appears to be intoxicated.
Tom appears to be looking for someone.
Tom appears to be losing.
Tom appears to be nervous.
Tom appears to be on edge.
Tom appears to be quite upset.
Tom appears to be rich.
Tom appears to be scared.
Tom appears to be singing.
Tom appears to be sleeping.
Tom appears to be stalling for time.
Tom appears to be strong and healthy.
Tom appears to be suffering.
Tom appears to be telling the truth.
Tom appears to be too tired to tackle that problem right now.
Tom appears to be uncomfortable.
Tom appears to be very smart.
Tom appears to be waiting for somebody.
Tom appears to be waiting for someone.
Tom appears to be winning.
Tom appears to be wise.
Tom appears to have a headache.
Tom appears to have a lot of friends.
Tom appears to have achieved what he set out to do.
Tom appears to have fallen asleep.
Tom appears to have given up.
Tom appears to have hanged himself.
Tom appears to have lost something.
Tom appears to have many friends.
Tom appears to have vanished.
Tom appears to know Mary.
Tom appears unconscious.
Tom appears unhurt.
Tom appears unwilling to do anything about it.
Tom appears unwilling to do that.
Tom appears unwilling to help.
Tom appears worried.
Tom applauded loudly.
Tom applauded the musicians.
Tom applauded.
Tom applied a bandage to the wound.
Tom applied a drying agent to his weeping wound.
Tom applied and was offered a job on the spot.
Tom applied for Canadian citizenship.
Tom applied for French citizenship.
Tom applied for Russian citizenship.
Tom applied for a credit card, but he was turned down.
Tom applied for a credit card.
Tom applied for a dispensation to hand his assignment in late.
Tom applied for a grant.
Tom applied for a job as a French teacher.
Tom applied for a job as a salesman.
Tom applied for a job as an English teacher.
Tom applied for a job at the company where I work.
Tom applied for a job in Boston.
Tom applied for a job with our company.
Tom applied for a job.
Tom applied for a leave of absence.
Tom applied for a passport, but was turned down.
Tom applied for a passport.
Tom applied for a permit to carry a gun.
Tom applied for a scholarship.
Tom applied for a visa.
Tom applied for an internship.
Tom applied for asylum in 2013.
Tom applied for asylum.
Tom applied for citizenship.
Tom applied for custody of his underage daughter.
Tom applied for financial help.
Tom applied for political asylum in Germany.
Tom applied for political asylum.
Tom applied for refugee status.
Tom applied for that job and got it.
Tom applied for that job.
Tom applied for the job and got hired.
Tom applied for the job and got it.
Tom applied for the job, but didn't get it.
Tom applied for the job.
Tom applied for the position, but he didn't get it.
Tom applied for the position, but he didn’t get it.
Tom applied for the position.
Tom applied for the scholarship.
Tom applied some moisturising cream to his dry, cracked hands.
Tom applied sunscreen.
Tom applied there.
Tom appointed Mary to act as his assistant.
Tom appointed her as manager.
Tom appreciated Mary's advice.
Tom appreciated Mary's hard work.
Tom appreciated Mary's help.
Tom appreciated Mary's honesty.
Tom appreciated Mary's kindness.
Tom appreciated Mary's offer.
Tom appreciated Mary's support.
Tom appreciated Mary’s advice.
Tom appreciated Mary’s hard work.
Tom appreciated Mary’s help.
Tom appreciated Mary’s honesty.
Tom appreciated Mary’s kindness.
Tom appreciated Mary’s offer.
Tom appreciated Mary’s support.
Tom appreciated all the letters Mary sent him while he was in prison.
Tom appreciated that.
Tom appreciated the gift that Mary gave him.
Tom appreciated what Mary did for him.
Tom appreciated what Mary did.
Tom appreciates everything that Mary has done for him.
Tom appreciates good wine.
Tom appreciates how Mary explains her thought process when solving problems.
Tom appreciates it when Mary comes to visit him in the hospital.
Tom appreciates modern art.
Tom appreciates my humor.
Tom appreciates strong women.
Tom appreciates the beauty in everyday moments.
Tom appreciates your courage.
Tom approached Mary.
Tom approached cautiously.
Tom approached me.
Tom approached quietly.
Tom approached the crying woman.
Tom approached the door.
Tom approached the growling dog.
Tom approached the house.
Tom approached the police officer and requested assistance.
Tom approached them for help.
Tom approached them.
Tom approached timidly.
Tom approached warily.
Tom approached.
Tom approaches.
Tom appropriated my work.
Tom appropriated the idea.
Tom approved everything.
Tom approved it for me.
Tom approved it.
Tom approved of his wife's extra-marital affair.
Tom approved that.
Tom approved.
Tom approves of this message.
Tom approves.
Tom arched one eyebrow.
Tom argued with Mary about how they should raise their children.
Tom argued with Mary about money.
Tom argued with Mary about that.
Tom argued with Mary about the matter.
Tom argued with Mary about who the real culprit was.
Tom argued with Mary.
Tom argued with me.
Tom argues a lot.
Tom argues just for the sake of arguing.
Tom armed himself with a baseball bat.
Tom armed himself with a gun and a knife.
Tom armed himself with a knife.
Tom armed himself with a pistol.
Tom armed himself.
Tom arranged a blind date for Mary.
Tom arranged a picnic for the whole office.
Tom arranged an emergency meeting.
Tom arranged everything.
Tom arranged for Mary to sit next to John.
Tom arranged for his family to visit Australia.
Tom arranged for his family to visit Boston.
Tom arranged the meeting, not me.
Tom arranges boxing matches between kangaroos in Australia.
Tom arrested me.
Tom arrested the criminals.
Tom arrived a bit late.
Tom arrived a day earlier than we expected.
Tom arrived a day sooner than we expected.
Tom arrived a few minutes early.
Tom arrived a few minutes late.
Tom arrived a little after 2:30.
Tom arrived a week ago.
Tom arrived about noon.
Tom arrived about thirty minutes late.
Tom arrived after I did.
Tom arrived after I left.
Tom arrived after Mary had already left.
Tom arrived after Mary had left.
Tom arrived after Mary left.
Tom arrived after dark.
Tom arrived after midnight.
Tom arrived after the bell rang.
Tom arrived ahead of Mary.
Tom arrived around 2:30.
Tom arrived at 2:30 and Mary arrived a bit later.
Tom arrived at 2:30 and Mary arrived a short time later.
Tom arrived at 2:30.
Tom arrived at Mary's apartment at 2:30.
Tom arrived at Mary's at 2:30.
Tom arrived at Mary's house about 8 pm.
Tom arrived at Mary's house and let himself in the kitchen door.
Tom arrived at Mary's house in the middle of the afternoon.
Tom arrived at Mary's house in the middle of the night.
Tom arrived at about 2:30.
Tom arrived at about three.
Tom arrived at his office later than usual.
Tom arrived at home early yesterday.
Tom arrived at just the right moment.
Tom arrived at just the right time.
Tom arrived at midnight.
Tom arrived at noon.
Tom arrived at school earlier than usual this morning.
Tom arrived at school on time.
Tom arrived at school ten minutes late today.
Tom arrived at the airport several hours before his flight was due to depart.
Tom arrived at the airport this morning.
Tom arrived at the camp safely.
Tom arrived at the gate and rang the bell.
Tom arrived at the gate.
Tom arrived at the hotel.
Tom arrived at the office early.
Tom arrived at the party after Mary did.
Tom arrived at the party with Mary.
Tom arrived at the right time.
Tom arrived at the station at 3:00.
Tom arrived at the station at three o'clock.
Tom arrived at the station before Mary did.
Tom arrived at the train station at 3 o'clock.
Tom arrived at the train station just as his train was pulling away from the platform.
Tom arrived at work at 2.30.
Tom arrived at work at 2:30.
Tom arrived at work at half past two.
Tom arrived at work at half two.
Tom arrived at work at two thirty.
Tom arrived at work late.
Tom arrived back home safely.
Tom arrived back in Boston this morning.
Tom arrived before I did.
Tom arrived before Mary.
Tom arrived before me.
Tom arrived before noon.
Tom arrived before us.
Tom arrived before we did.
Tom arrived by car.
Tom arrived by helicopter, but left by car.
Tom arrived earlier than I did.
Tom arrived earlier than expected.
Tom arrived earlier than usual yesterday.
Tom arrived earlier than usual.
Tom arrived early this morning.
Tom arrived early.
Tom arrived eight days ago.
Tom arrived exhausted.
Tom arrived first.
Tom arrived from Australia on Monday.
Tom arrived from Australia on October 20th.
Tom arrived from Australia yesterday.
Tom arrived from Boston yesterday.
Tom arrived half an hour early.
Tom arrived here before dawn.
Tom arrived here before daybreak.
Tom arrived here before sunrise.
Tom arrived here before the rest of us.
Tom arrived here by bicycle.
Tom arrived here just a few minutes ago.
Tom arrived here last night.
Tom arrived here on foot.
Tom arrived here thirty minutes early.
Tom arrived here three days ago.
Tom arrived home after dark.
Tom arrived home at 2.30.
Tom arrived home at 2:30.
Tom arrived home at 6.30.
Tom arrived home at half past two.
Tom arrived home at half two.
Tom arrived home at sundown.
Tom arrived home at two thirty.
Tom arrived home by midnight.
Tom arrived home completely exhausted.
Tom arrived home from work later than usual yesterday.
Tom arrived home later than usual last night.
Tom arrived home later than usual.
Tom arrived home safely.
Tom arrived home soaking wet.
Tom arrived home to find that Mary had packed her things and left.
Tom arrived hours early.
Tom arrived in Australia in October.
Tom arrived in Australia last Monday.
Tom arrived in Australia last night.
Tom arrived in Australia less than three weeks ago.
Tom arrived in Australia on Monday.
Tom arrived in Australia on October 20th.
Tom arrived in Australia penniless.
Tom arrived in Australia the day before yesterday.
Tom arrived in Australia three days ago.
Tom arrived in Australia three days too late.
Tom arrived in Australia three months after Mary did.
Tom arrived in Australia three weeks after Mary did.
Tom arrived in Australia three weeks after Mary.
Tom arrived in Boston at 2:30.
Tom arrived in Boston last Monday.
Tom arrived in Boston last night.
Tom arrived in Boston less than three weeks ago.
Tom arrived in Boston on Monday.
Tom arrived in Boston on October 20th.
Tom arrived in Boston three days later.
Tom arrived in Boston yesterday.
Tom arrived in Tokyo two months ago.
Tom arrived in a black car.
Tom arrived in a car.
Tom arrived in a helicopter.
Tom arrived in a horse-drawn sleigh.
Tom arrived in a ridiculous setout for the formal dinner.
Tom arrived in a taxi.
Tom arrived in the nick of time.
Tom arrived in the office to find the police waiting for him.
Tom arrived in this prison in 1976.
Tom arrived in time for the meeting.
Tom arrived in time.
Tom arrived just a moment too late.
Tom arrived just after daybreak.
Tom arrived just as I was going home.
Tom arrived just as I was leaving.
Tom arrived just as we were about to leave.
Tom arrived just before 2:30.
Tom arrived just before you did.
Tom arrived just in the nick of time.
Tom arrived just in time for dinner.
Tom arrived just in time to catch the train.
Tom arrived just in time.
Tom arrived just this morning.
Tom arrived last Monday.
Tom arrived last night.
Tom arrived last.
Tom arrived late as usual.
Tom arrived late at night, long after the sun had set.
Tom arrived late at the station.
Tom arrived late last night.
Tom arrived late to work.
Tom arrived late.
Tom arrived later than usual.
Tom arrived minutes later.
Tom arrived much earlier than I expected him to.
Tom arrived much earlier than I expected.
Tom arrived on Friday.
Tom arrived on Monday and left three days later.
Tom arrived on Monday.
Tom arrived on a boat.
Tom arrived on foot.
Tom arrived on the same day as Mary.
Tom arrived on the same day as me.
Tom arrived on time in spite of the storm.
Tom arrived on time.
Tom arrived precisely on time.
Tom arrived right after I did.
Tom arrived right after me.
Tom arrived safe and sound.
Tom arrived safely.
Tom arrived shortly after 10 o'clock.
Tom arrived shortly after Mary did.
Tom arrived shortly after Mary left.
Tom arrived shortly after Mary.
Tom arrived shortly afterward.
Tom arrived ten minutes ago, but I haven't seen him yet.
Tom arrived ten minutes ago, but I haven't yet seen him.
Tom arrived the day Mary left.
Tom arrived the day before I did.
Tom arrived there after dark.
Tom arrived there before Mary.
Tom arrived there before we did.
Tom arrived there safely.
Tom arrived thirty minutes ago.
Tom arrived thirty minutes early.
Tom arrived thirty minutes late.
Tom arrived this morning.
Tom arrived three days ago.
Tom arrived three days earlier than I expected.
Tom arrived three days later.
Tom arrived three hours before Mary did.
Tom arrived three hours late and that made Mary angry.
Tom arrived three hours late.
Tom arrived three hours too late.
Tom arrived three minutes early.
Tom arrived too early and Mary wasn't ready yet.
Tom arrived too early and Mary wasn’t ready yet.
Tom arrived too early.
Tom arrived too late to see Mary dancing.
Tom arrived too late.
Tom arrived unannounced late in the evening yesterday.
Tom arrived unannounced late last night.
Tom arrived unannounced.
Tom arrived unexpectedly from Boston.
Tom arrived unexpectedly.
Tom arrived very early this morning.
Tom arrived very early.
Tom arrived very late.
Tom arrived well past midnight.
Tom arrived with Mary.
Tom arrived with food and drinks.
Tom arrived with three other people.
Tom arrived without warning.
Tom arrived yesterday.
Tom arrived.
Tom arrives at his office at around 8 o'clock.
Tom arrives in Paris at 5.20 p.m.
Tom arrives today.
Tom arrives tomorrow.
Tom as good as accepted my offer.
Tom as well as everybody else in the room knew what the problem was.
Tom as well as everyone else in the room knew what the problem was.
Tom asked God for forgiveness.
Tom asked God for help.
Tom asked God to forgive him.
Tom asked God to protect him.
Tom asked John if he'd like to be his roommate.
Tom asked John to be his roommate.
Tom asked John what Mary's last name was.
Tom asked John who he was planning to ask to the dance.
Tom asked Maria if she wanted anything from what was there in the kitchen.
Tom asked Mary a barrage of questions.
Tom asked Mary a bunch of questions.
Tom asked Mary a few questions about John.
Tom asked Mary a few questions about her family.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she couldn't answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she couldn’t answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she wasn't able to answer.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she wasn’t able to answer.
Tom asked Mary a lot of personal questions.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions about Boston.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions, but she refused to answer some of them.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions.
Tom asked Mary a personal question, but she changed the subject.
Tom asked Mary a question in French, and she answered it in English.
Tom asked Mary a question in French.
Tom asked Mary a question she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary a question she didn't want to answer.
Tom asked Mary a question that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary a question, but didn't bother waiting for an answer.
Tom asked Mary a question, but she changed the subject.
Tom asked Mary a question.
Tom asked Mary a rather difficult question.
Tom asked Mary a trick question.
Tom asked Mary about John.
Tom asked Mary about her family.
Tom asked Mary about her grandmother.
Tom asked Mary about her job in Australia.
Tom asked Mary about her job in Boston.
Tom asked Mary about her job.
Tom asked Mary about her life in Australia.
Tom asked Mary about her new boyfriend.
Tom asked Mary about her new job in Australia.
Tom asked Mary about her new job in Boston.
Tom asked Mary about her new job.
Tom asked Mary about it.
Tom asked Mary about the accident that she was involved in.
Tom asked Mary about the traffic accident she was involved in when she was five years old.
Tom asked Mary about what she did in school that day.
Tom asked Mary an open-ended question.
Tom asked Mary and her friends for help.
Tom asked Mary and her friends if they wanted to play strip poker, but they refused.
Tom asked Mary for John's telephone number.
Tom asked Mary for a cigarette.
Tom asked Mary for a date, but she turned him down.
Tom asked Mary for a divorce.
Tom asked Mary for a job.
Tom asked Mary for a loan.
Tom asked Mary for a ride home.
Tom asked Mary for advice about the problem.
Tom asked Mary for advice.
Tom asked Mary for an explanation.
Tom asked Mary for another chance.
Tom asked Mary for assistance.
Tom asked Mary for change for a dollar.
Tom asked Mary for directions.
Tom asked Mary for forgiveness.
Tom asked Mary for guidance.
Tom asked Mary for help.
Tom asked Mary for her advice.
Tom asked Mary for her autograph.
Tom asked Mary for her number.
Tom asked Mary for her opinion.
Tom asked Mary for her phone number.
Tom asked Mary for her telephone number.
Tom asked Mary for money.
Tom asked Mary for more details.
Tom asked Mary for some advice.
Tom asked Mary for some help.
Tom asked Mary for some money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom asked Mary for some money.
Tom asked Mary for something hot to drink.
Tom asked Mary for something to drink.
Tom asked Mary her age.
Tom asked Mary how John was doing.
Tom asked Mary how her father was doing.
Tom asked Mary how her father was feeling.
Tom asked Mary how her father was.
Tom asked Mary how long she could wait.
Tom asked Mary how many hours a week she spent reading.
Tom asked Mary how many languages she could speak.
Tom asked Mary how many people had come to her party.
Tom asked Mary how much money she had.
Tom asked Mary how much she had paid.
Tom asked Mary how much she weighed.
Tom asked Mary how much she'd paid for the sofa in her living room.
Tom asked Mary how much she'd spent.
Tom asked Mary how much she’d paid for the sofa in her living room.
Tom asked Mary how much time it had taken her to wash the car.
Tom asked Mary how much time it took her to do that.
Tom asked Mary how much time it took her to wash the car.
Tom asked Mary how old she was.
Tom asked Mary how she had lost so much weight.
Tom asked Mary how she liked her new job.
Tom asked Mary how she was doing.
Tom asked Mary how she was.
Tom asked Mary how she'd broken her leg.
Tom asked Mary how she'd do that.
Tom asked Mary how tall she was.
Tom asked Mary how to cook fish.
Tom asked Mary how to get to her house.
Tom asked Mary how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom asked Mary how to turn off the computer.
Tom asked Mary if John was OK.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that alone.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that by himself.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that on his own.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that this week.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Australia a long time.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Australia long.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Boston a long time.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Boston long.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that alone.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that by himself.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that on his own.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that this week.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Australia a long time.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Australia long.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Boston a long time.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Boston long.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay.
Tom asked Mary if dinner was ready.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a cup of liver.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a hacksaw.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a pair of scissors.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a saucepan and a measuring cup.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a spatula and a frying pan.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a tenner.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her English textbook.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her French textbook.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her bicycle.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her broom.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her can opener.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her car.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her magnifying glass.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her rake.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her shovel.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her stopwatch.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her tape measure.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her umbrella.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her watering can.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her wheelbarrow.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow one of her hammers.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow one of her spades.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow some money from her.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow thirty dollars.
Tom asked Mary if he could close all the windows.
Tom asked Mary if he could close the windows.
Tom asked Mary if he could come over.
Tom asked Mary if he could copy her notes.
Tom asked Mary if he could do that.
Tom asked Mary if he could eat the last cookie.
Tom asked Mary if he could get her anything.
Tom asked Mary if he could go home early.
Tom asked Mary if he could go home.
Tom asked Mary if he could hold her hand.
Tom asked Mary if he could kiss her.
Tom asked Mary if he could read her mother's letter.
Tom asked Mary if he could read her mother’s letter.
Tom asked Mary if he could sit next to her.
Tom asked Mary if he could use her computer.
Tom asked Mary if he could use her stepladder.
Tom asked Mary if he could walk her home.
Tom asked Mary if he could watch TV with her.
Tom asked Mary if it would be OK if he sat next to her.
Tom asked Mary if she ate pork.
Tom asked Mary if she could do him a favor.
Tom asked Mary if she could do that.
Tom asked Mary if she could drive him home.
Tom asked Mary if she could drive.
Tom asked Mary if she could give him a ride home.
Tom asked Mary if she could give him a ride.
Tom asked Mary if she could help him with his science homework.
Tom asked Mary if she could help him.
Tom asked Mary if she could keep a secret.
Tom asked Mary if she could make him a sandwich.
Tom asked Mary if she could play the accordion.
Tom asked Mary if she could prove that what she said was true.
Tom asked Mary if she could read.
Tom asked Mary if she could speak French.
Tom asked Mary if she could speak more than three languages.
Tom asked Mary if she could stay a bit longer.
Tom asked Mary if she could swim.
Tom asked Mary if she could water the flowers of his garden while he was away.
Tom asked Mary if she drank beer.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed horror movies.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed opera.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed reading murder mysteries.
Tom asked Mary if she had a boyfriend.
Tom asked Mary if she had a dog.
Tom asked Mary if she had a driver's license.
Tom asked Mary if she had a flashlight he could borrow.
Tom asked Mary if she had a flashlight that he could borrow.
Tom asked Mary if she had a torch he could borrow.
Tom asked Mary if she had an extra flashlight that he could borrow.
Tom asked Mary if she had an umbrella he could borrow.
Tom asked Mary if she had any pictures of John.
Tom asked Mary if she had been to Australia.
Tom asked Mary if she had been to Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she had done it more than once.
Tom asked Mary if she had done that.
Tom asked Mary if she had drunk all the milk.
Tom asked Mary if she had enjoyed herself at the party.
Tom asked Mary if she had seen John.
Tom asked Mary if she had time to help him.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that here.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that now.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that today.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's address.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new address.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's wife.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John’s address.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John’s new telephone number.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John’s wife.
Tom asked Mary if she knew his new address.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to knit.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to play that song on the flute.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to read.
Tom asked Mary if she knew the name of John's favorite movie.
Tom asked Mary if she knew the name of the book John was reading.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what John was going.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what John's favorite movie was.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what hotel John wanted to stay at.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of food John liked.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of hotel John had stayed at.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of music John liked.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was going to meet Alice.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was supposed to help Alice do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was supposed to meet Alice.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had been in Australia.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had been in Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was going to arrive.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was going to graduate.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was supposed to be there.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John's birthday was.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when the concert started.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John had graduated from.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John lived.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John was.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John went to school.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John worked.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where he could buy an assault rifle.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where his car was.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where his passport was.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John taught French to.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was going to ask to the prom.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was married to.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was.
Tom asked Mary if she knew why John didn't like him.
Tom asked Mary if she knew why John was late.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Chinese food.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Mexican food.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Thai food.
Tom asked Mary if she liked to walk.
Tom asked Mary if she loved him.
Tom asked Mary if she needed a ride home.
Tom asked Mary if she needed anything.
Tom asked Mary if she needed help.
Tom asked Mary if she needed some help.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that right now.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that today.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she really enjoyed doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that again.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that today.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she really meant what she said.
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that again.
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that anymore.
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she really thought she could do that.
Tom asked Mary if she really thought she could win.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that again.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she remembered John.
Tom asked Mary if she smoked.
Tom asked Mary if she spoke more than three languages.
Tom asked Mary if she still cared.
Tom asked Mary if she thought he was handsome.
Tom asked Mary if she thought she could do that.
Tom asked Mary if she thought that he was handsome.
Tom asked Mary if she trusted John.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she had to do.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she needed to do.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she ought to do.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she should do.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted a sandwich and she said yes.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted anything to eat.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted coffee.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted him to walk her home.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted something to drink.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted something to eat.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over and watch a movie.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come round and watch a film.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to dance.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that right now.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that today.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to drive home.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to drive.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go abroad.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go for a walk.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go skiing with him.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go swimming with him.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go to a movie.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go to the restaurant.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go with him.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to ride his horse.
Tom asked Mary if she was OK.
Tom asked Mary if she was afraid of the storm.
Tom asked Mary if she was busy.
Tom asked Mary if she was coming with him.
Tom asked Mary if she was free on Valentine's Day.
Tom asked Mary if she was free on Valentine’s Day.
Tom asked Mary if she was free the next day.
Tom asked Mary if she was happy.
Tom asked Mary if she was home.
Tom asked Mary if she was hungry.
Tom asked Mary if she was nervous.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning on doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning on staying.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to buy a new car.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to go to Australia with John.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to go to Boston with John.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to stay.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to work on Christmas Day.
Tom asked Mary if she was ready.
Tom asked Mary if she was really happy with her new job.
Tom asked Mary if she was serious.
Tom asked Mary if she was sleepy.
Tom asked Mary if she was tired.
Tom asked Mary if she would be willing to donate some money.
Tom asked Mary if she would dance with him.
Tom asked Mary if she would ever consider going out with John again.
Tom asked Mary if she would help him with his homework.
Tom asked Mary if she would help him.
Tom asked Mary if she would marry him, and she said no.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that for him.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that later.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she would take his picture.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach him French.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach his son French.
Tom asked Mary if she'd actually read the book.
Tom asked Mary if she'd be interested in doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she'd done that before.
Tom asked Mary if she'd eaten lunch.
Tom asked Mary if she'd go to John's art exhibit.
Tom asked Mary if she'd go.
Tom asked Mary if she'd help him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd kissed John.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like a cup of coffee.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like a drink.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go for a walk.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go swimming.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go to Australia with him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to walk to the beach with him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd mind closing the windows.
Tom asked Mary if she'd mind doing that for him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd mind taking care of his dog while he was in Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she'd read the book he'd lent her.
Tom asked Mary if she'd read the book that he'd lent her.
Tom asked Mary if she'd return soon.
Tom asked Mary if she'd seen John.
Tom asked Mary if she’d go to John’s art exhibit.
Tom asked Mary if she’d go.
Tom asked Mary if she’d help him.
Tom asked Mary if she’d return soon.
Tom asked Mary if something was wrong.
Tom asked Mary join his group.
Tom asked Mary lots of questions.
Tom asked Mary many questions about Australia.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Australia.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Boston.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn’t answer.
Tom asked Mary many questions.
Tom asked Mary many times to let him go home early, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom asked Mary many times to let him go home early, but she wouldn’t let him.
Tom asked Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with John.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with anyone else.
Tom asked Mary not to do anything.
Tom asked Mary not to do that again.
Tom asked Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom asked Mary not to do that here.
Tom asked Mary not to do that with John.
Tom asked Mary not to do that.
Tom asked Mary not to drive so fast.
Tom asked Mary not to eat the last piece of pie.
Tom asked Mary not to go alone.
Tom asked Mary not to go there by herself.
Tom asked Mary not to go without him.
Tom asked Mary not to go.
Tom asked Mary not to hug him again.
Tom asked Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public again.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public anymore.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public.
Tom asked Mary not to leave him alone.
Tom asked Mary not to leave.
Tom asked Mary not to make any long-distance calls on his phone.
Tom asked Mary not to pet his dog.
Tom asked Mary not to play the drums so late at night.
Tom asked Mary not to say anything to his parents.
Tom asked Mary not to say anything.
Tom asked Mary not to sit next to him.
Tom asked Mary not to sit with John.
Tom asked Mary not to speak French to John.
Tom asked Mary not to stop doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary not to talk to John again.
Tom asked Mary not to talk to John anymore.
Tom asked Mary not to talk to John.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John about what had happened.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John what he did.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John where he lived.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John.
Tom asked Mary not to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom asked Mary not to text him again.
Tom asked Mary not to visit him anymore.
Tom asked Mary not to wake him up before seven.
Tom asked Mary not to wear her red dress to the opera.
Tom asked Mary not to write to him again.
Tom asked Mary on a date.
Tom asked Mary out and she said yes.
Tom asked Mary out on a date and she accepted.
Tom asked Mary out on a date, but she said no. A year later they were married.
Tom asked Mary out on a date.
Tom asked Mary out to dinner, but she said no.
Tom asked Mary out to dinner.
Tom asked Mary out, but she said no.
Tom asked Mary out.
Tom asked Mary point blank how much money she made.
Tom asked Mary point blank how much she weighed.
Tom asked Mary point blank how old she was.
Tom asked Mary point blank where she'd been.
Tom asked Mary point blank why she was doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary politely to budge up.
Tom asked Mary politely to scoot over.
Tom asked Mary questions about what had happened.
Tom asked Mary questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary questions.
Tom asked Mary several questions.
Tom asked Mary several times to open the window.
Tom asked Mary some questions and she answered them all.
Tom asked Mary some questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary some questions that she didn't want to answer.
Tom asked Mary some questions that she was unable to answer.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she didn't answer any of them.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.
Tom asked Mary some questions.
Tom asked Mary some strange questions.
Tom asked Mary some stupid questions that she refused to answer.
Tom asked Mary some stupid questions.
Tom asked Mary some very personal questions that she refused to answer.
Tom asked Mary the one question she really didn't want to answer.
Tom asked Mary the same question he had asked me.
Tom asked Mary three more questions.
Tom asked Mary three times to marry him before she said yes.
Tom asked Mary to answer the telephone.
Tom asked Mary to ask John about that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John if he wanted to come with us.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to help her.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to help us.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to leave.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to stay.
Tom asked Mary to ask John what he thought.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he had to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he wanted to leave early.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he'd done that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why she had to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why she needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John.
Tom asked Mary to babysit John.
Tom asked Mary to babysit his children.
Tom asked Mary to babysit his kids.
Tom asked Mary to be attentive during meetings.
Tom asked Mary to be careful.
Tom asked Mary to be his assistant.
Tom asked Mary to be his secretary.
Tom asked Mary to be his wife.
Tom asked Mary to be home by six-thirty.
Tom asked Mary to be more careful the next time.
Tom asked Mary to be patient.
Tom asked Mary to be quiet.
Tom asked Mary to be there.
Tom asked Mary to behave herself.
Tom asked Mary to brew some coffee.
Tom asked Mary to bring a salad to the party.
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste and toilet paper from the supermarket.
Tom asked Mary to buy a box of laundry detergent.
Tom asked Mary to buy a case of beer.
Tom asked Mary to buy a couple of bottles of wine.
Tom asked Mary to buy a dozen eggs on her way home from work.
Tom asked Mary to buy a dozen eggs.
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.
Tom asked Mary to buy a loaf bread.
Tom asked Mary to buy a some eggs.
Tom asked Mary to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Mary to buy him something to drink.
Tom asked Mary to buy him something to eat.
Tom asked Mary to buy some beer.
Tom asked Mary to buy some bread.
Tom asked Mary to buy some cheese.
Tom asked Mary to buy some eggs on her way home.
Tom asked Mary to buy some milk.
Tom asked Mary to buy some sugar.
Tom asked Mary to buy some wine.
Tom asked Mary to call 911.
Tom asked Mary to call John.
Tom asked Mary to call him after dinner.
Tom asked Mary to call him as soon as she arrived in Boston.
Tom asked Mary to call him as soon as she got to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to call him back.
Tom asked Mary to call him later.
Tom asked Mary to call him.
Tom asked Mary to call the police.
Tom asked Mary to carry his bag for him.
Tom asked Mary to carry one of his suitcases.
Tom asked Mary to check it out.
Tom asked Mary to check to see if John was OK.
Tom asked Mary to clarify what she meant.
Tom asked Mary to clean her room.
Tom asked Mary to clean his office.
Tom asked Mary to clean the bathroom.
Tom asked Mary to clean up the mess.
Tom asked Mary to close all the windows.
Tom asked Mary to close the door.
Tom asked Mary to close the gate.
Tom asked Mary to close the window.
Tom asked Mary to close the windows.
Tom asked Mary to come again.
Tom asked Mary to come and pick him up.
Tom asked Mary to come back home to Australia.
Tom asked Mary to come back home to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to come back home.
Tom asked Mary to come back later this afternoon.
Tom asked Mary to come back to Australia.
Tom asked Mary to come back to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to come back tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary to come here tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary to come home.
Tom asked Mary to come in.
Tom asked Mary to come inside.
Tom asked Mary to come into the house.
Tom asked Mary to come outside.
Tom asked Mary to come over and help.
Tom asked Mary to come over for dinner.
Tom asked Mary to come over.
Tom asked Mary to come to Australia.
Tom asked Mary to come to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to come to his house after work.
Tom asked Mary to come to his office.
Tom asked Mary to come to his party.
Tom asked Mary to come visit him in the hospital.
Tom asked Mary to come with him.
Tom asked Mary to come with us.
Tom asked Mary to continue doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary to cook dinner.
Tom asked Mary to cook.
Tom asked Mary to cover for him.
Tom asked Mary to cut his hair.
Tom asked Mary to dance with him.
Tom asked Mary to dance.
Tom asked Mary to deliver a message to John.
Tom asked Mary to dim the lights.
Tom asked Mary to do him a favor.
Tom asked Mary to do his homework for him.
Tom asked Mary to do it for him.
Tom asked Mary to do it.
Tom asked Mary to do something for him, but I don't know what.
Tom asked Mary to do something for him.
Tom asked Mary to do something she didn't want to do.
Tom asked Mary to do something she didn’t want to do.
Tom asked Mary to do something she knew she shouldn't do.
Tom asked Mary to do something she knew that she shouldn't do.
Tom asked Mary to do something that she knew she shouldn't do.
Tom asked Mary to do something that she knew that she shouldn't do.
Tom asked Mary to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary to do that for John.
Tom asked Mary to do that for him.
Tom asked Mary to do that for us.
Tom asked Mary to do that quickly.
Tom asked Mary to do that quietly.
Tom asked Mary to do that with him.
Tom asked Mary to do that, so you don't have to.
Tom asked Mary to do that, so you don’t have to.
Tom asked Mary to do that.
Tom asked Mary to do the cooking.
Tom asked Mary to draw him a map.
Tom asked Mary to dress like a French maid.
Tom asked Mary to drive John home.
Tom asked Mary to drive John to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to drive him home.
Tom asked Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to drive him to the office.
Tom asked Mary to drive him to the park.
Tom asked Mary to drive slower.
Tom asked Mary to drive.
Tom asked Mary to drop by on her way home.
Tom asked Mary to explain her answer.
Tom asked Mary to explain her plan in more detail.
Tom asked Mary to explain how that happened.
Tom asked Mary to explain it to him again.
Tom asked Mary to explain it.
Tom asked Mary to find John.
Tom asked Mary to find out how to apply for a visa.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John wanted us to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John wanted.
Tom asked Mary to find out what he needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out what needed to be done.
Tom asked Mary to find out what papers needed to be filled out.
Tom asked Mary to find out what they needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out where John had studied French.
Tom asked Mary to find out where John was.
Tom asked Mary to follow him downstairs.
Tom asked Mary to forgive him for what he'd done.
Tom asked Mary to forgive him.
Tom asked Mary to get a hold of John.
Tom asked Mary to get him a cup of coffee.
Tom asked Mary to get out of his room.
Tom asked Mary to get out of his way.
Tom asked Mary to get some glasses from the kitchen.
Tom asked Mary to give John a message.
Tom asked Mary to give John something.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech at his school.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech.
Tom asked Mary to give him a hand.
Tom asked Mary to give him a kiss.
Tom asked Mary to give him a massage, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to give him a massage, but she didn’t want to.
Tom asked Mary to give him a ride home.
Tom asked Mary to give him a ride to the amusement park.
Tom asked Mary to give him another chance.
Tom asked Mary to give him her old clarinet.
Tom asked Mary to give him more time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to give him one more chance.
Tom asked Mary to give him some money.
Tom asked Mary to give him some more time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to give him time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to give the engagement ring he'd given to her back to him.
Tom asked Mary to give the engagement ring that he'd given to her back to him.
Tom asked Mary to go away.
Tom asked Mary to go check on John.
Tom asked Mary to go hiking with him.
Tom asked Mary to go home early.
Tom asked Mary to go home.
Tom asked Mary to go next door to get help.
Tom asked Mary to go out to have dinner with him.
Tom asked Mary to go sailing with him.
Tom asked Mary to go somewhere else.
Tom asked Mary to go talk to John.
Tom asked Mary to go to Australia with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to Boston with John next weekend.
Tom asked Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to a movie with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the hospital to check on John.
Tom asked Mary to go to the movies with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the opera with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the park with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the party with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket to buy some bread.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket to get some milk.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket with John.
Tom asked Mary to go to the zoo with him.
Tom asked Mary to go with John.
Tom asked Mary to go with him.
Tom asked Mary to help John clean the garage.
Tom asked Mary to help John clean the living room.
Tom asked Mary to help John do that.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his French homework.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his homework assignment.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his homework.
Tom asked Mary to help John.
Tom asked Mary to help decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom asked Mary to help him clean his office.
Tom asked Mary to help him clean his room.
Tom asked Mary to help him clean the garage.
Tom asked Mary to help him decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom asked Mary to help him do his homework.
Tom asked Mary to help him do that.
Tom asked Mary to help him find John.
Tom asked Mary to help him find a place to live.
Tom asked Mary to help him get a splinter out of his finger.
Tom asked Mary to help him look for his keys.
Tom asked Mary to help him make a snowman.
Tom asked Mary to help him move the sofa.
Tom asked Mary to help him organize the party.
Tom asked Mary to help him out.
Tom asked Mary to help him reformat the hard disk.
Tom asked Mary to help him reinstall Windows.
Tom asked Mary to help him wash the car.
Tom asked Mary to help him weed the garden.
Tom asked Mary to help him with his French homework.
Tom asked Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom asked Mary to help him with his science project.
Tom asked Mary to help him, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to help him, but she refused to help him.
Tom asked Mary to help him.
Tom asked Mary to help me.
Tom asked Mary to help us do that.
Tom asked Mary to help us.
Tom asked Mary to help you.
Tom asked Mary to help.
Tom asked Mary to hurry up.
Tom asked Mary to hurry.
Tom asked Mary to hypnotize him.
Tom asked Mary to join his group.
Tom asked Mary to join his team.
Tom asked Mary to keep an eye on John.
Tom asked Mary to keep an eye on his suitcase.
Tom asked Mary to keep doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary to keep it secret.
Tom asked Mary to keep out of his room.
Tom asked Mary to kill John.
Tom asked Mary to kiss him.
Tom asked Mary to leave John alone.
Tom asked Mary to leave John and him alone.
Tom asked Mary to leave him alone.
Tom asked Mary to leave his office.
Tom asked Mary to leave the door open.
Tom asked Mary to leave the door shut.
Tom asked Mary to leave the door unlocked.
Tom asked Mary to leave the key under the doormat.
Tom asked Mary to leave the room.
Tom asked Mary to leave the windows open.
Tom asked Mary to leave.
Tom asked Mary to lend John some money.
Tom asked Mary to lend him an umbrella.
Tom asked Mary to lend him her pencil.
Tom asked Mary to lend him money.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money so he could go to Australia.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money so he could go to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money.
Tom asked Mary to lend him three hundred dollars.
Tom asked Mary to let him copy her homework.
Tom asked Mary to let him drive her car.
Tom asked Mary to let him go.
Tom asked Mary to let him in.
Tom asked Mary to let him take care of it.
Tom asked Mary to lie about where they'd been.
Tom asked Mary to lie for him.
Tom asked Mary to listen carefully to everything John said.
Tom asked Mary to listen carefully.
Tom asked Mary to loan him some money.
Tom asked Mary to lock the door.
Tom asked Mary to look after his children.
Tom asked Mary to look after the children.
Tom asked Mary to lower her voice.
Tom asked Mary to lunch.
Tom asked Mary to make certain she got there on time.
Tom asked Mary to make certain she was on time.
Tom asked Mary to make certain that she go there on time.
Tom asked Mary to make certain that she was on time.
Tom asked Mary to make him a sandwich.
Tom asked Mary to make him coffee. She told him to make it himself.
Tom asked Mary to make him something to eat.
Tom asked Mary to marry him soon after they'd met.
Tom asked Mary to marry him three times before she said yes.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, and she refused.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she refused.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
Tom asked Mary to marry him.
Tom asked Mary to meet John at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to meet John at the station.
Tom asked Mary to meet him after school.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at John's house at 2:30.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at the front gate.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at the station.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in person.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in the lobby.
Tom asked Mary to meet him under the bridge.
Tom asked Mary to meet us here.
Tom asked Mary to mind her own business.
Tom asked Mary to not quit her job.
Tom asked Mary to not resign.
Tom asked Mary to open a window.
Tom asked Mary to open all the windows.
Tom asked Mary to open one of the windows.
Tom asked Mary to open the door and let him in.
Tom asked Mary to open the door for him.
Tom asked Mary to open the door.
Tom asked Mary to open the garage door.
Tom asked Mary to open the gate.
Tom asked Mary to open the window, but she wouldn't.
Tom asked Mary to open the window, but she wouldn’t.
Tom asked Mary to open the window.
Tom asked Mary to open the windows.
Tom asked Mary to pack light.
Tom asked Mary to park her car somewhere else.
Tom asked Mary to pass him the bottle.
Tom asked Mary to pass him the gravy.
Tom asked Mary to pass him the salt and pepper.
Tom asked Mary to pass the bottle to him.
Tom asked Mary to pay him back everything she owed him.
Tom asked Mary to pay him back everything that she owed him.
Tom asked Mary to pay his bills for him.
Tom asked Mary to pay his bills.
Tom asked Mary to pay his water bill for him.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up at the station.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up at the train station.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up.
Tom asked Mary to pick him up at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to pick him up at the station.
Tom asked Mary to pick him up.
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste and some toilet paper at the supermarket.
Tom asked Mary to play drums with us.
Tom asked Mary to play something on her guitar.
Tom asked Mary to play tennis with him.
Tom asked Mary to play the guitar.
Tom asked Mary to polish his shoes.
Tom asked Mary to pretend to be his girlfriend.
Tom asked Mary to pretend to be his wife.
Tom asked Mary to proofread his report.
Tom asked Mary to provide another example.
Tom asked Mary to pull over to the side of the road.
Tom asked Mary to pull over.
Tom asked Mary to quiet down.
Tom asked Mary to quit bothering him.
Tom asked Mary to quit her job and stay home with the children.
Tom asked Mary to quit her job.
Tom asked Mary to quit smoking.
Tom asked Mary to read him the letter she had gotten from John.
Tom asked Mary to read him the letter that she had gotten from John.
Tom asked Mary to read it for him.
Tom asked Mary to read the letter to him.
Tom asked Mary to read the letter.
Tom asked Mary to recite the poem she wrote.
Tom asked Mary to reconsider her decision.
Tom asked Mary to remind him to call John in the morning.
Tom asked Mary to repeat what she had just said.
Tom asked Mary to resign.
Tom asked Mary to return the money she'd borrowed.
Tom asked Mary to return the money that he had lent her.
Tom asked Mary to run away with him.
Tom asked Mary to say a few words.
Tom asked Mary to say something to John about that.
Tom asked Mary to say something.
Tom asked Mary to scoot over.
Tom asked Mary to scratch his back.
Tom asked Mary to scrub the toilet.
Tom asked Mary to see about getting front row seats at the Lady Gaga concert.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd gotten from her grandfather, but she didn't want to sell it.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd gotten from her grandfather.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd inherited from her grandfather, but she didn't want to sell it.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd inherited from her grandfather.
Tom asked Mary to send him a copy.
Tom asked Mary to send him a picture of herself.
Tom asked Mary to send him her picture.
Tom asked Mary to send him the pictures she'd taken at the picnic.
Tom asked Mary to set the table.
Tom asked Mary to sew a button back on his jacket.
Tom asked Mary to sew a button on his jacket.
Tom asked Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to show him how to tie a square knot.
Tom asked Mary to show him some of her artwork.
Tom asked Mary to show him the pictures she'd taken.
Tom asked Mary to shut the gate.
Tom asked Mary to shut the windows.
Tom asked Mary to sing a couple of songs.
Tom asked Mary to sing louder.
Tom asked Mary to sing with him.
Tom asked Mary to sing, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to sing.
Tom asked Mary to sit down for a moment.
Tom asked Mary to sit down for a while.
Tom asked Mary to sit down.
Tom asked Mary to sit next to John.
Tom asked Mary to sit next to him.
Tom asked Mary to sit on his lap.
Tom asked Mary to sit quietly.
Tom asked Mary to sit with John.
Tom asked Mary to sit with him on the porch.
Tom asked Mary to sit with him.
Tom asked Mary to slow down.
Tom asked Mary to smile.
Tom asked Mary to speak more slowly.
Tom asked Mary to speak to John about that.
Tom asked Mary to speak to John.
Tom asked Mary to speak to you about that.
Tom asked Mary to speak to you.
Tom asked Mary to spend some time with him.
Tom asked Mary to stay a bit longer.
Tom asked Mary to stay a few more days.
Tom asked Mary to stay a little longer.
Tom asked Mary to stay and help clean up after the party.
Tom asked Mary to stay and help him.
Tom asked Mary to stay at home until the babysitter got there.
Tom asked Mary to stay away from John.
Tom asked Mary to stay away from him.
Tom asked Mary to stay for dinner.
Tom asked Mary to stay out of his room.
Tom asked Mary to stay where she was.
Tom asked Mary to stay with John.
Tom asked Mary to stay with him in Boston.
Tom asked Mary to stay with him until his parents got home.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she didn’t want to.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she had to get back to work.
Tom asked Mary to stay.
Tom asked Mary to stop asking silly questions.
Tom asked Mary to stop asking stupid questions.
Tom asked Mary to stop buying things she didn't need.
Tom asked Mary to stop buying things that she didn't need.
Tom asked Mary to stop by his house after work.
Tom asked Mary to stop by his place on her way home.
Tom asked Mary to stop calling him.
Tom asked Mary to stop complaining all the time.
Tom asked Mary to stop complaining.
Tom asked Mary to stop doing that.
Tom asked Mary to stop doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom asked Mary to stop emailing him.
Tom asked Mary to stop following him.
Tom asked Mary to stop it.
Tom asked Mary to stop singing.
Tom asked Mary to stop smoking.
Tom asked Mary to stop staring at him.
Tom asked Mary to stop talking.
Tom asked Mary to stop texting him.
Tom asked Mary to stop that.
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.
Tom asked Mary to stop tickling him.
Tom asked Mary to stop what she was doing and help him.
Tom asked Mary to stop what she was doing and listen to him.
Tom asked Mary to stop what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary to stop working.
Tom asked Mary to stop yelling.
Tom asked Mary to stop.
Tom asked Mary to sweep the floor.
Tom asked Mary to sweep the room.
Tom asked Mary to take John to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to take a look at it.
Tom asked Mary to take back what she said.
Tom asked Mary to take care of John.
Tom asked Mary to take care of herself.
Tom asked Mary to take care of his dog.
Tom asked Mary to take her jacket off.
Tom asked Mary to take him to the hospital.
Tom asked Mary to take off her shoes before she entered his house.
Tom asked Mary to take out the garbage.
Tom asked Mary to take over.
Tom asked Mary to take the trash out.
Tom asked Mary to talk to John about that.
Tom asked Mary to talk to John.
Tom asked Mary to teach John how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to dance.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to do the waltz.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to drive a car.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to drive.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play a few chords on the mandolin.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play the flute.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play the ukulele.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to poach an egg in a microwave oven.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to ski.
Tom asked Mary to teach him some useful phrases in French.
Tom asked Mary to teach his daughter how to drive.
Tom asked Mary to tell John about that.
Tom asked Mary to tell John about what had happened.
Tom asked Mary to tell John he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom asked Mary to tell John he didn't plan to do that.
Tom asked Mary to tell John he didn't plan to go to Australia this year.
Tom asked Mary to tell John something.
Tom asked Mary to tell John that he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom asked Mary to tell John that he didn't plan to do that.
Tom asked Mary to tell John that he didn't plan to go to Australia this year.
Tom asked Mary to tell John to tell Alice to do that later.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he had to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he ought to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he should do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what she had to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what she needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what she wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John why she did that.
Tom asked Mary to tell a funny story.
Tom asked Mary to tell him a story.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about her trip to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about the house she had lived in when she was a child.
Tom asked Mary to tell him the truth.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what had happened.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what he should do.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what time he should be there.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell him when it was time to go.
Tom asked Mary to tell him where she had hidden the diamonds.
Tom asked Mary to tell him where she'd been.
Tom asked Mary to tell him who she'd gone to the beach with.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she did that.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she didn't do that.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she was leaving him.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she'd done that.
Tom asked Mary to text him when she wanted him to pick her up.
Tom asked Mary to text him.
Tom asked Mary to the dance.
Tom asked Mary to the prom.
Tom asked Mary to think it over.
Tom asked Mary to throw the ball to him.
Tom asked Mary to throw the rotten apple into the garbage.
Tom asked Mary to throw the rotten apples in the bin.
Tom asked Mary to throw the rotten apples in the garbage can.
Tom asked Mary to tie his shoes for him.
Tom asked Mary to translate the letter into French for him.
Tom asked Mary to translate the letter into French.
Tom asked Mary to try to talk John out of doing that.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the computer and prepare dinner.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the computer and start making dinner.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the light.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the lights.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the radio.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the TV.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the light.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the lights.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the radio.
Tom asked Mary to turn the light off.
Tom asked Mary to turn the light on.
Tom asked Mary to turn the lights down.
Tom asked Mary to turn the lights off.
Tom asked Mary to turn the lights on.
Tom asked Mary to turn the radio off.
Tom asked Mary to vacuum the room.
Tom asked Mary to visit John in the hospital.
Tom asked Mary to visit him in prison.
Tom asked Mary to wait for John.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him here.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him in front of the library.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him.
Tom asked Mary to wait in the lobby.
Tom asked Mary to wait outside.
Tom asked Mary to wait until Monday.
Tom asked Mary to wait until he got there.
Tom asked Mary to wait.
Tom asked Mary to wake John up.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at 2:30.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at 6:30.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at six-thirty.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at six.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up in time to catch the first train.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up thirty minutes before she wanted to leave.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up.
Tom asked Mary to walk a little slower.
Tom asked Mary to walk faster.
Tom asked Mary to walk his dog while he was out of town.
Tom asked Mary to walk his dog.
Tom asked Mary to walk more quickly.
Tom asked Mary to warm up some leftovers.
Tom asked Mary to wash her feet.
Tom asked Mary to wash his car.
Tom asked Mary to wash his feet.
Tom asked Mary to wash the dishes.
Tom asked Mary to watch the children.
Tom asked Mary to watch the video that he'd made.
Tom asked Mary to watch the video that he'd taken.
Tom asked Mary to water the flowers in his garden while he was gone.
Tom asked Mary to water the flowers of his garden while he was away.
Tom asked Mary to wave to him from the balcony.
Tom asked Mary to wear a blue dress.
Tom asked Mary to wear something nice.
Tom asked Mary to work for him.
Tom asked Mary to write a French sentence using the word "atermoiement".
Tom asked Mary what he should bring to the party.
Tom asked Mary what he should do next.
Tom asked Mary what her children's names were.
Tom asked Mary what her conclusion was.
Tom asked Mary what her father did for a living.
Tom asked Mary what her father's name was.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite color was.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite food was.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite kind of music was.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite season was.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite subject was.
Tom asked Mary what her first French teacher's name was.
Tom asked Mary what her husband's name was.
Tom asked Mary what her last name was.
Tom asked Mary what her opinion was.
Tom asked Mary what her plan was.
Tom asked Mary what her plans for the future were.
Tom asked Mary what her sisters' names were.
Tom asked Mary what hospital she'd gone to.
Tom asked Mary what kind of books she liked to read.
Tom asked Mary what kind of car she had.
Tom asked Mary what kind of car she used to have.
Tom asked Mary what kind of food she liked to eat.
Tom asked Mary what kind of food she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of games she liked to play.
Tom asked Mary what kind of movies she liked to watch.
Tom asked Mary what kind of movies she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she liked to listen to.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she usually listened to.
Tom asked Mary what needed to be done.
Tom asked Mary what she did last weekend.
Tom asked Mary what she had been doing all morning.
Tom asked Mary what she had bought at the jewelry store.
Tom asked Mary what she had bought.
Tom asked Mary what she had done.
Tom asked Mary what she had in her suitcase.
Tom asked Mary what she meant.
Tom asked Mary what she needed.
Tom asked Mary what she planned to do.
Tom asked Mary what she really wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary what she really wanted.
Tom asked Mary what she thought he should do in this situation.
Tom asked Mary what she thought he should do.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of John.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his new hat.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his tie.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of the way John had been behaving.
Tom asked Mary what she thought she needed.
Tom asked Mary what she thought that he should do.
Tom asked Mary what she thought the problem was.
Tom asked Mary what she thought was going to happen.
Tom asked Mary what she thought.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted for her birthday.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to buy for her.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to buy.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to do.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to get for her.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to say.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted to do during her summer vacation.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted to drink.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted to eat.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted.
Tom asked Mary what she was afraid of.
Tom asked Mary what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary what she was looking at.
Tom asked Mary what she was looking for.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning on doing.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning to cook for dinner.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning to do.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning to wear.
Tom asked Mary what she'd buy if she had a million dollars.
Tom asked Mary what she'd buy.
Tom asked Mary what she'd do if she were him.
Tom asked Mary what she'd do in his shoes.
Tom asked Mary what she'd do.
Tom asked Mary what she'd say.
Tom asked Mary what the weather had been like while he was away.
Tom asked Mary what the word meant, but she didn't know either.
Tom asked Mary what the word meant, but she didn't know, either.
Tom asked Mary what the word meant, but she didn’t know either.
Tom asked Mary what time she expected to get home.
Tom asked Mary what time she had to leave.
Tom asked Mary what time she needed him to be there.
Tom asked Mary what time she usually got up.
Tom asked Mary what time she usually went to bed.
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted him to come over.
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted him to pick her up.
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted to eat.
Tom asked Mary what to do next.
Tom asked Mary what to do.
Tom asked Mary what type of car she used to have.
Tom asked Mary what was going on.
Tom asked Mary what was happening.
Tom asked Mary what was in her suitcase.
Tom asked Mary what was wrong.
Tom asked Mary when she had bought her car.
Tom asked Mary when she had sold her first painting.
Tom asked Mary when she intended to leave.
Tom asked Mary when she was going to buy a new pair of shoes for her youngest daughter.
Tom asked Mary when she was going to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary when she was planning to go home.
Tom asked Mary when she was planning to leave.
Tom asked Mary when she'd learned CPR.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she did that was.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had bought a book was.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had seen John was.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she played tennis was.
Tom asked Mary when the party started.
Tom asked Mary where John lived.
Tom asked Mary where John was.
Tom asked Mary where he should hang his coat.
Tom asked Mary where he should park his car.
Tom asked Mary where he should park.
Tom asked Mary where he should put his suitcase.
Tom asked Mary where her house was.
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.
Tom asked Mary where she had been.
Tom asked Mary where she had bought her bicycle.
Tom asked Mary where she had bought her new dress.
Tom asked Mary where she had first met John.
Tom asked Mary where she had found the book.
Tom asked Mary where she had gone to junior high school.
Tom asked Mary where she had gone.
Tom asked Mary where she had parked the car.
Tom asked Mary where she had studied French.
Tom asked Mary where she lived, but she wouldn't tell him.
Tom asked Mary where she lived, but she wouldn’t tell him.
Tom asked Mary where she lived.
Tom asked Mary where she parked the car.
Tom asked Mary where she planned to be on Saturday evening.
Tom asked Mary where she usually went shopping.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted him to put the bag of dog food.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to eat.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to go for lunch.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to go.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to work.
Tom asked Mary where she was born.
Tom asked Mary where she was from.
Tom asked Mary where she was going to be later in the evening.
Tom asked Mary where she was going.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to go for her summer vacation.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to go.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to meet John.
Tom asked Mary where she went to school.
Tom asked Mary where she worked.
Tom asked Mary where she'd been.
Tom asked Mary where she'd bought her cello.
Tom asked Mary where she'd bought her computer.
Tom asked Mary where she'd done that.
Tom asked Mary where she'd first met John.
Tom asked Mary where she'd found the book.
Tom asked Mary where she'd go.
Tom asked Mary where she'd gone to college.
Tom asked Mary where she'd gone to high school.
Tom asked Mary where she'd gone to school.
Tom asked Mary where she'd grown up.
Tom asked Mary where she'd leaned how to do that.
Tom asked Mary where she'd learned French.
Tom asked Mary where she'd parked her car.
Tom asked Mary where she'd parked the car.
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.
Tom asked Mary where she'd spent the afternoon.
Tom asked Mary where she’d put the key.
Tom asked Mary where the dog was.
Tom asked Mary whether he could borrow a tenner.
Tom asked Mary whether she could water the flowers of his garden while he was away.
Tom asked Mary whether she fancied a drink.
Tom asked Mary whether she knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked Thai food or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked him.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked the plan or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she planned to swim or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she wanted to drive home.
Tom asked Mary whether she wanted to drive.
Tom asked Mary whether she wanted to go shopping with him after lunch.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping in the afternoon.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd prefer to go to the movies or just chill out at home.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd read the book he'd lent her.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd read the book that he'd lent her.
Tom asked Mary whether she’d like to go shopping in the afternoon.
Tom asked Mary whether she’d like to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary which way to turn.
Tom asked Mary which wine she liked better.
Tom asked Mary who had been the first to arrive.
Tom asked Mary who had given her the picture.
Tom asked Mary who her French teacher was.
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.
Tom asked Mary who her father was.
Tom asked Mary who painted the picture.
Tom asked Mary who she thought was the best-looking guy in her class.
Tom asked Mary who she thought would be the most likely to win the race.
Tom asked Mary who she wanted to go to Boston with.
Tom asked Mary who she wanted to hire.
Tom asked Mary who she was looking for.
Tom asked Mary who she was planning to go to Australia with.
Tom asked Mary who she was planning to go to Boston with.
Tom asked Mary who she was planning to see.
Tom asked Mary who she was.
Tom asked Mary who she'd gone to Boston with.
Tom asked Mary why John was so unhappy.
Tom asked Mary why he had to do that.
Tom asked Mary why he needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she couldn't do that.
Tom asked Mary why she did that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't come to school yesterday.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't do that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't eat dairy products.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't have to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like John.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like doing that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like gardening.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like him.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like swimming.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't need to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to Australia with John.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to Boston with John.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to John's party.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to the dance with him.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to live in Australia anymore.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom asked Mary why she disliked doing that.
Tom asked Mary why she doesn't do that.
Tom asked Mary why she doesn't like doing that.
Tom asked Mary why she doesn't like to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she drank.
Tom asked Mary why she enjoyed doing that.
Tom asked Mary why she had been late.
Tom asked Mary why she had done that.
Tom asked Mary why she had left the party early.
Tom asked Mary why she had lied.
Tom asked Mary why she had never studied French.
Tom asked Mary why she had to do that again.
Tom asked Mary why she had to do that today.
Tom asked Mary why she had to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she had to eat dinner with her boss.
Tom asked Mary why she had to work late.
Tom asked Mary why she hated John so much.
Tom asked Mary why she hated doing that.
Tom asked Mary why she hated him so much.
Tom asked Mary why she lied.
Tom asked Mary why she liked Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she liked Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she liked John.
Tom asked Mary why she liked doing that.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to do that again.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to do that today.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom asked Mary why she thought he should do that.
Tom asked Mary why she thought he wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she had to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she needed to help John.
Tom asked Mary why she thought that he should do that.
Tom asked Mary why she thought that that wasn't a good idea.
Tom asked Mary why she thought that wasn't a good idea.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that again.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that today.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to go to Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to go to Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to leave Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to leave Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to live in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to live in Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she was afraid of John.
Tom asked Mary why she was angry.
Tom asked Mary why she was buying so much food.
Tom asked Mary why she was crying.
Tom asked Mary why she was here.
Tom asked Mary why she was in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she was in Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she was late.
Tom asked Mary why she was laughing.
Tom asked Mary why she was mad.
Tom asked Mary why she was smiling.
Tom asked Mary why she was so busy.
Tom asked Mary why she was so late.
Tom asked Mary why she was so mad.
Tom asked Mary why she was so scared.
Tom asked Mary why she was so tired.
Tom asked Mary why she was studying French.
Tom asked Mary why she was there.
Tom asked Mary why she was unhappy.
Tom asked Mary why she'd been arrested.
Tom asked Mary why she'd been so glum lately.
Tom asked Mary why she'd done that and she told him.
Tom asked Mary why she'd done that.
Tom asked Mary why she'd eaten all the cookies.
Tom asked Mary why she'd hit John.
Tom asked Mary why she'd left Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she'd left early.
Tom asked Mary why she'd left her husband.
Tom asked Mary why she'd lied.
Tom asked Mary why she'd spent so much time in Australia.
Tom asked Mary's advice about the problem.
Tom asked Mary's father for her hand.
Tom asked Mary's father for permission to marry her.
Tom asked Mary's father to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Mary.
Tom asked Mary’s advice about the problem.
Tom asked Mary’s father to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Santa for a Nintendo Switch for Christmas.
Tom asked a few good questions.
Tom asked a few pertinent questions.
Tom asked a few questions that Mary didn't want to answer.
Tom asked a few questions that Mary didn’t want to answer.
Tom asked a few questions.
Tom asked a long string of questions.
Tom asked a lot of questions I didn't know the answers to.
Tom asked a lot of questions about you.
Tom asked a lot of questions in class.
Tom asked a lot of questions, didn't he?
Tom asked a lot of questions.
Tom asked a lot of stupid questions.
Tom asked a question in Mandarin and got an answer in English.
Tom asked a question in class that the teacher couldn't answer.
Tom asked a question that no one answered.
Tom asked a question, but he didn't get an answer.
Tom asked a question.
Tom asked a stupid question.
Tom asked a very good question.
Tom asked about Mary.
Tom asked about my school.
Tom asked about the meeting.
Tom asked about the others.
Tom asked about you today.
Tom asked about you.
Tom asked again.
Tom asked all the right questions.
Tom asked an awkward question.
Tom asked an innocent question.
Tom asked another question.
Tom asked artificial intelligence about his future.
Tom asked everybody the same thing.
Tom asked everybody to be quiet.
Tom asked everybody to leave him alone.
Tom asked everybody to leave.
Tom asked everyone questions.
Tom asked everyone to be quiet.
Tom asked everyone to leave him alone.
Tom asked everyone to leave.
Tom asked everyone to take off their shoes.
Tom asked everyone to take their shoes off.
Tom asked for Mary by name.
Tom asked for Mary's address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper.
Tom asked for Mary's address.
Tom asked for Mary's advice.
Tom asked for Mary's hand.
Tom asked for Mary's help.
Tom asked for Mary's opinion.
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.
Tom asked for Mary's phone number.
Tom asked for Mary.
Tom asked for Mary’s address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper.
Tom asked for Mary’s help.
Tom asked for Mary’s permission to leave early.
Tom asked for a back massage.
Tom asked for a beer.
Tom asked for a blanket and a pillow.
Tom asked for a cup of coffee.
Tom asked for a day off.
Tom asked for a discount.
Tom asked for a drink of water.
Tom asked for a drink.
Tom asked for a foot massage.
Tom asked for a glass of cold water.
Tom asked for a glass of water, but they wouldn't give him one.
Tom asked for a glass of water.
Tom asked for a higher salary.
Tom asked for a loan from Mary.
Tom asked for a loan.
Tom asked for a lot of money.
Tom asked for a massage.
Tom asked for a pay raise.
Tom asked for a pay rise.
Tom asked for a pen.
Tom asked for a private audience with the Pope.
Tom asked for a raise in pay.
Tom asked for a raise, but he didn't get one.
Tom asked for a raise.
Tom asked for a receipt.
Tom asked for a refund.
Tom asked for a ride home.
Tom asked for a slow song.
Tom asked for a table near the window.
Tom asked for a wake-up call.
Tom asked for a window seat.
Tom asked for advice.
Tom asked for another cup of coffee.
Tom asked for another glass of water.
Tom asked for another spoon.
Tom asked for assistance.
Tom asked for directions in fluent Chinese.
Tom asked for directions to the nearest hospital.
Tom asked for directions.
Tom asked for dismissal.
Tom asked for food.
Tom asked for forgiveness.
Tom asked for help but to no avail.
Tom asked for help.
Tom asked for his lawyer.
Tom asked for his money back.
Tom asked for it and he's going to get it.
Tom asked for mercy.
Tom asked for money.
Tom asked for more coffee.
Tom asked for more details.
Tom asked for more food.
Tom asked for more money.
Tom asked for more time.
Tom asked for more water.
Tom asked for more.
Tom asked for my address.
Tom asked for my advice.
Tom asked for my assistance.
Tom asked for my help.
Tom asked for my number.
Tom asked for my opinion.
Tom asked for my permission to use my computer.
Tom asked for my permission to use the phone.
Tom asked for my permission.
Tom asked for nothing but water.
Tom asked for one, but they wouldn't give him one.
Tom asked for our advice.
Tom asked for our help.
Tom asked for our opinions.
Tom asked for permission to do that.
Tom asked for permission to leave early.
Tom asked for permission to leave.
Tom asked for permission to stay late.
Tom asked for permission to use my bicycle.
Tom asked for permission to use the copy machine.
Tom asked for permission to use the phone.
Tom asked for permission.
Tom asked for police protection after Mary and John threatened to kill him.
Tom asked for police protection.
Tom asked for shore leave.
Tom asked for some help.
Tom asked for some money.
Tom asked for some more time.
Tom asked for some water.
Tom asked for some wine.
Tom asked for something cold to drink.
Tom asked for something to drink.
Tom asked for something to eat.
Tom asked for something.
Tom asked for that.
Tom asked for the check.
Tom asked for the money.
Tom asked for this.
Tom asked for three days off.
Tom asked for verification.
Tom asked for you.
Tom asked for your help.
Tom asked great questions.
Tom asked her if she was Mary Jackson.
Tom asked her if she was Mary.
Tom asked him again: "Where is my money? Answer me, slave!"
Tom asked him some questions.
Tom asked him where I should park my car.
Tom asked himself why his wife left him.
Tom asked his boss for a pay raise.
Tom asked his boss for a raise.
Tom asked his boss if he could go home early.
Tom asked his boss if he could leave early.
Tom asked his dad's permission.
Tom asked his doctor to change his medication.
Tom asked his family to never buy him a skydiving voucher for any of his birthdays.
Tom asked his father if he could go outside and play.
Tom asked his father if he could go to a movie.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the cinema.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the movies.
Tom asked his father to buy him a new bicycle.
Tom asked his father to give him some money for lunch.
Tom asked his father to help him make a snowman.
Tom asked his father whether he could go outside and play.
Tom asked his friend for advice.
Tom asked his friend for the loan of his car.
Tom asked his friend if he wanted to come over.
Tom asked his friend if she wanted to come over.
Tom asked his friend, who is a draughtsman, to draw up some plans for his extension.
Tom asked his friends if they that thought Mary liked him.
Tom asked his friends if they thought Mary liked him.
Tom asked his girlfriend to pardon him for forgetting her birthday.
Tom asked his girlfriend's father for permission to marry his daughter.
Tom asked his guidance counsellor how to apply to college.
Tom asked his guidance counselor how to apply to college.
Tom asked his landlord to fix the air conditioner.
Tom asked his mom's permission.
Tom asked his mother help him with his homework.
Tom asked his mother if he could spend the night at John's house.
Tom asked his mother to buy him a new bicycle.
Tom asked his mother to buy him a new toy.
Tom asked his mother what farmers did.
Tom asked his parents for permission.
Tom asked his questions.
Tom asked his roommate to call 911.
Tom asked his teacher a couple of stupid questions.
Tom asked his teacher for advice.
Tom asked how he could help.
Tom asked how much everything cost.
Tom asked how much it cost.
Tom asked how much the fare was.
Tom asked how much the ticket cost.
Tom asked how much we had paid.
Tom asked if I could come along.
Tom asked if I could cook.
Tom asked if I could do that.
Tom asked if I could help.
Tom asked if I could play the drums.
Tom asked if I could sew.
Tom asked if I could swim.
Tom asked if I felt like cooking something.
Tom asked if I had found his wallet.
Tom asked if I liked Australia.
Tom asked if I liked Boston.
Tom asked if I liked Chinese food.
Tom asked if I liked Mary.
Tom asked if I liked Mexican food.
Tom asked if I liked Thai food.
Tom asked if I liked math.
Tom asked if I liked science.
Tom asked if I liked watching horror movies.
Tom asked if I needed a taxi.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that by myself.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that.
Tom asked if I thought Mary could do that.
Tom asked if I thought that that was going to happen.
Tom asked if I thought that that would happen.
Tom asked if I thought that was going to happen.
Tom asked if I thought that would happen.
Tom asked if I wanted a smoothie.
Tom asked if I wanted him to cook something for me.
Tom asked if I wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked if I wanted to do that.
Tom asked if I wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom asked if I wanted to go to a party and I said yes.
Tom asked if I was going to do that.
Tom asked if I was going to swim.
Tom asked if I was willing to do that for him.
Tom asked if I'd found my key.
Tom asked if Mary and I wanted to go skiing with him.
Tom asked if Mary and I were enjoying ourselves.
Tom asked if Mary had an appointment.
Tom asked if Mary had to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary had to do that, too.
Tom asked if Mary had to do that.
Tom asked if Mary needed to do that.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that this week.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to be there.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to do that.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom asked if Mary wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked if Mary wanted to do that.
Tom asked if Mary was here.
Tom asked if Mary was home.
Tom asked if Mary was invited.
Tom asked if Mary was married.
Tom asked if Mary was really required to do that.
Tom asked if Mary was required to do that.
Tom asked if Mary would be there.
Tom asked if any of us could speak French.
Tom asked if anybody knew anything about Mary.
Tom asked if anyone had seen Mary.
Tom asked if anyone knew anything about Mary.
Tom asked if he could borrow our ladder.
Tom asked if he could do that.
Tom asked if he could get another cup of coffee.
Tom asked if he could have another cup of coffee.
Tom asked if he could have another glass of wine.
Tom asked if he could have more time.
Tom asked if he could help.
Tom asked if he could sit with Mary.
Tom asked if he could speak French.
Tom asked if he could speak to the manager.
Tom asked if he could spend the night at his friend's house.
Tom asked if he could use my phone.
Tom asked if he could walk me home.
Tom asked if he had to do that this morning.
Tom asked if he had to do that.
Tom asked if he might go home early.
Tom asked if he needed to do that.
Tom asked if he needed to wear a tie.
Tom asked if he really had to do that by himself.
Tom asked if he really had to do that today.
Tom asked if he really had to do that.
Tom asked if he really needed to do that by himself.
Tom asked if he really needed to do that.
Tom asked if he really needed to wear a helmet.
Tom asked if he was invited.
Tom asked if he was really required to do that.
Tom asked if he was required to do that.
Tom asked if it would be OK if he did that.
Tom asked if it would be all right if he did that.
Tom asked if it would be dangerous if he did that.
Tom asked if it would be safe if he did that.
Tom asked if the book I was reading was interesting.
Tom asked if there was anything he could do to help.
Tom asked if there was anything he could do.
Tom asked if there was still a police car parked outside.
Tom asked if there were any other options.
Tom asked if there were any questions.
Tom asked if we had agreed to do that.
Tom asked if we had done that.
Tom asked if we'd done that by ourselves.
Tom asked if what Mary said was true.
Tom asked if you'd be there.
Tom asked if you'd be willing to take care of his dog while he was away.
Tom asked many questions.
Tom asked many very interesting questions.
Tom asked me a bunch of questions about you.
Tom asked me a bunch of questions.
Tom asked me a confusing question.
Tom asked me a couple of questions.
Tom asked me a favor.
Tom asked me a few questions about that.
Tom asked me a few questions about what had happened.
Tom asked me a few questions.
Tom asked me a lot of questions about Mary.
Tom asked me a lot of questions about that.
Tom asked me a lot of questions that I couldn't answer.
Tom asked me a lot of questions.
Tom asked me a lot of things.
Tom asked me a perplexing question.
Tom asked me a question.
Tom asked me about Mary.
Tom asked me about a lot of things.
Tom asked me about how school was going.
Tom asked me about it himself.
Tom asked me about my childhood.
Tom asked me about my family.
Tom asked me about my health.
Tom asked me about my job.
Tom asked me about my mother.
Tom asked me about my new job.
Tom asked me about something.
Tom asked me about that himself.
Tom asked me about you.
Tom asked me all kinds of questions about Mary.
Tom asked me all sorts of questions.
Tom asked me first.
Tom asked me for Mary's address.
Tom asked me for Mary's number.
Tom asked me for Mary's phone number.
Tom asked me for a favor.
Tom asked me for a glass of cold water.
Tom asked me for a glass of water.
Tom asked me for advice.
Tom asked me for an opinion.
Tom asked me for another glass of water.
Tom asked me for forgiveness.
Tom asked me for help on how to set up his profile.
Tom asked me for help when he was in trouble.
Tom asked me for help with his French homework.
Tom asked me for help.
Tom asked me for money.
Tom asked me for more money than he really needed.
Tom asked me for more money.
Tom asked me for my address.
Tom asked me for my number.
Tom asked me for my opinion.
Tom asked me for my phone number.
Tom asked me for permission to do that.
Tom asked me for permission.
Tom asked me for some money.
Tom asked me for something I couldn't give him.
Tom asked me for something to drink.
Tom asked me for something, and I obliged him.
Tom asked me how I balance my work and school life.
Tom asked me how I did it.
Tom asked me how I did that.
Tom asked me how I had done it.
Tom asked me how I kept from getting nervous in front of an audience.
Tom asked me how I knew his sister.
Tom asked me how I liked my new job.
Tom asked me how I lost my hearing.
Tom asked me how I ran so fast.
Tom asked me how I wanted my eggs.
Tom asked me how I wanted my steak cooked.
Tom asked me how I was so confident giving the speech.
Tom asked me how I'd lost my hearing.
Tom asked me how he could help.
Tom asked me how it had gone.
Tom asked me how it went.
Tom asked me how late I planned on staying up.
Tom asked me how long I had lived in Boston.
Tom asked me how long I'd lived in Australia.
Tom asked me how long my parents had been married before they separated.
Tom asked me how many books I thought were in the library.
Tom asked me how many bottles of beer I'd drunk.
Tom asked me how many brothers and sisters I had.
Tom asked me how many cars I had owned.
Tom asked me how many chickens I had.
Tom asked me how many countries I'd visited.
Tom asked me how many cousins I had.
Tom asked me how many eggs I'd bought.
Tom asked me how many guitars I had.
Tom asked me how many guitars I own.
Tom asked me how many guitars I owned.
Tom asked me how many houses I owned.
Tom asked me how many houses I'd lived in.
Tom asked me how many languages I spoke.
Tom asked me how many people were at my party.
Tom asked me how many pieces of cake I'd eaten.
Tom asked me how many sisters I had.
Tom asked me how many students were still in the classroom.
Tom asked me how many times I'd been to Australia.
Tom asked me how many times I'd been to Boston.
Tom asked me how much I weighed.
Tom asked me how much homework I still had left.
Tom asked me how much money I had in the bank.
Tom asked me how much money I had with me.
Tom asked me how much my new computer cost.
Tom asked me how much time I thought it would take to do that.
Tom asked me how much time I thought it would take to paint his garage.
Tom asked me how often I played tennis.
Tom asked me how often I went fishing.
Tom asked me how often I went to Australia.
Tom asked me how often I went to Boston.
Tom asked me how old I was.
Tom asked me how tall I was.
Tom asked me how to cook salmon.
Tom asked me how to cook trout.
Tom asked me how to deal with it.
Tom asked me how to do it.
Tom asked me how to get to Mary's house.
Tom asked me how to get to the post office.
Tom asked me if I agreed with Mary.
Tom asked me if I agreed with him.
Tom asked me if I agreed with his opinion.
Tom asked me if I could do him a favor.
Tom asked me if I could do that.
Tom asked me if I could draw him a map.
Tom asked me if I could give him a job.
Tom asked me if I could go cycling with him on Saturday.
Tom asked me if I could help Mary.
Tom asked me if I could help him clean his room.
Tom asked me if I could help him with his homework.
Tom asked me if I could help him.
Tom asked me if I could lend him some money.
Tom asked me if I could play the piano.
Tom asked me if I could sew.
Tom asked me if I could speak French.
Tom asked me if I could stay and help him clean up after the party.
Tom asked me if I could swim.
Tom asked me if I cried.
Tom asked me if I dated anyone in college.
Tom asked me if I despised Mary.
Tom asked me if I did like Boston.
Tom asked me if I did that.
Tom asked me if I fell asleep during the concert.
Tom asked me if I found what I was looking for.
Tom asked me if I had a black tie he could borrow.
Tom asked me if I had a black tie that he could borrow.
Tom asked me if I had a camera.
Tom asked me if I had a dog.
Tom asked me if I had a driver's license.
Tom asked me if I had a girlfriend.
Tom asked me if I had a key.
Tom asked me if I had a plan.
Tom asked me if I had a sister.
Tom asked me if I had already paid the bill.
Tom asked me if I had any cash on me.
Tom asked me if I had any suggestions.
Tom asked me if I had done that.
Tom asked me if I had ever done that.
Tom asked me if I had experience doing that.
Tom asked me if I had finished my homework yet.
Tom asked me if I had found the keys.
Tom asked me if I had slept at all last night.
Tom asked me if I had slept well.
Tom asked me if I had won.
Tom asked me if I heard anything.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's address.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's email address.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's phone number.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's telephone number.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody living in Australia.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody living in Boston.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody who could translate from French into English.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody who spoke French.
Tom asked me if I knew anyone living in Australia.
Tom asked me if I knew anyone who spoke French.
Tom asked me if I knew his father.
Tom asked me if I knew how to do that.
Tom asked me if I knew how to drive a tractor.
Tom asked me if I knew how to get to Mary's house.
Tom asked me if I knew how to get to his house.
Tom asked me if I knew how to play the French horn.
Tom asked me if I knew how to play the clarinet.
Tom asked me if I knew how to sew.
Tom asked me if I knew how to speak French.
Tom asked me if I knew how to swim.
Tom asked me if I knew what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom asked me if I knew where Mary lived.
Tom asked me if I knew who Mary was.
Tom asked me if I knew who Mary's boyfriend was.
Tom asked me if I left early.
Tom asked me if I liked Australia.
Tom asked me if I liked Boston.
Tom asked me if I liked Chinese food.
Tom asked me if I liked Mary.
Tom asked me if I liked basketball.
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate.
Tom asked me if I liked fishing.
Tom asked me if I liked him.
Tom asked me if I liked it.
Tom asked me if I liked jazz.
Tom asked me if I liked math.
Tom asked me if I liked skating.
Tom asked me if I liked skiing.
Tom asked me if I liked studying French.
Tom asked me if I liked swimming.
Tom asked me if I loved Mary.
Tom asked me if I loved him.
Tom asked me if I missed Mary.
Tom asked me if I needed a ride.
Tom asked me if I really had to do that.
Tom asked me if I really needed to do that.
Tom asked me if I really thought I could do that.
Tom asked me if I really thought I could win.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that by myself.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that.
Tom asked me if I remembered where we parked.
Tom asked me if I remembered where we'd parked.
Tom asked me if I saw anything.
Tom asked me if I still did sex work.
Tom asked me if I studied French.
Tom asked me if I taught French.
Tom asked me if I thought I could do that.
Tom asked me if I thought I could win.
Tom asked me if I thought Mary could do that.
Tom asked me if I thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom asked me if I thought he looked fat.
Tom asked me if I thought he looked tired.
Tom asked me if I thought that he looked fat.
Tom asked me if I thought that he looked tired.
Tom asked me if I wanted a cup of coffee.
Tom asked me if I wanted a drink.
Tom asked me if I wanted another beer.
Tom asked me if I wanted some ketchup on my hamburger.
Tom asked me if I wanted sugar in my tea.
Tom asked me if I wanted to dance.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that today.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that.
Tom asked me if I wanted to eat lunch with him.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go abroad.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go camping with him.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go fishing with him.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom asked me if I wanted to have a drink.
Tom asked me if I was OK.
Tom asked me if I was all right.
Tom asked me if I was angry.
Tom asked me if I was busy.
Tom asked me if I was going to do that.
Tom asked me if I was going to go swimming tomorrow afternoon.
Tom asked me if I was going to help Mary do that.
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said I was.
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said that I was.
Tom asked me if I was happy or not.
Tom asked me if I was happy.
Tom asked me if I was hungry.
Tom asked me if I was impressed by Mary's singing.
Tom asked me if I was planning on doing that.
Tom asked me if I was planning on staying.
Tom asked me if I was planning to do that.
Tom asked me if I was planning to go to Australia in October.
Tom asked me if I was planning to go to Boston in October.
Tom asked me if I was planning to stay.
Tom asked me if I was satisfied.
Tom asked me if I was sleepy.
Tom asked me if I was studying French.
Tom asked me if I was tired.
Tom asked me if I wasn't feeling well.
Tom asked me if I were afraid of snakes.
Tom asked me if I were happy.
Tom asked me if I were hungry.
Tom asked me if I would be free next Monday afternoon.
Tom asked me if I would be free tomorrow.
Tom asked me if I would be home this evening.
Tom asked me if I would be willing to contribute some money.
Tom asked me if I would be willing to help.
Tom asked me if I would go with him.
Tom asked me if I would help him move his piano.
Tom asked me if I would help him.
Tom asked me if I would like to cook.
Tom asked me if I would like to drive.
Tom asked me if I would mind helping him.
Tom asked me if I'd agree to do that.
Tom asked me if I'd be free next Monday.
Tom asked me if I'd be willing to help him after school today.
Tom asked me if I'd bought any eggs.
Tom asked me if I'd brushed my teeth.
Tom asked me if I'd do that tomorrow.
Tom asked me if I'd do that.
Tom asked me if I'd done that.
Tom asked me if I'd ever been to Boston.
Tom asked me if I'd ever dated anyone from another country.
Tom asked me if I'd ever done that.
Tom asked me if I'd found my key.
Tom asked me if I'd go to the beach with Mary.
Tom asked me if I'd go to the beach with him.
Tom asked me if I'd go with him to the beach.
Tom asked me if I'd go with him.
Tom asked me if I'd help Mary.
Tom asked me if I'd help him move his piano.
Tom asked me if I'd help him.
Tom asked me if I'd lend him my car.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that on Monday.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that on October 20th.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that with Mary.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that with him.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that.
Tom asked me if I'd like to go to Australia with him.
Tom asked me if I'd mind doing that for him.
Tom asked me if I'd mind helping Mary.
Tom asked me if I'd mind helping him.
Tom asked me if I'd mind working late today.
Tom asked me if I'd seen his father.
Tom asked me if I'd slept OK.
Tom asked me if I'd slept well.
Tom asked me if I'd won.
Tom asked me if Mary could borrow my umbrella.
Tom asked me if Mary could borrow thirty dollars from me.
Tom asked me if Mary could do that.
Tom asked me if Mary could go home early today.
Tom asked me if Mary could use my computer.
Tom asked me if Mary was here.
Tom asked me if any of my sisters were unmarried.
Tom asked me if anybody was in the classroom.
Tom asked me if anything had happened.
Tom asked me if anything was the matter.
Tom asked me if he could borrow my car.
Tom asked me if he could borrow my umbrella.
Tom asked me if he could borrow some money.
Tom asked me if he could borrow thirty dollars.
Tom asked me if he could close the windows.
Tom asked me if he could do that.
Tom asked me if he could go home early today.
Tom asked me if he could hold my hand.
Tom asked me if he could kiss me.
Tom asked me if he could see me again.
Tom asked me if he could see my driver's license.
Tom asked me if he could use my computer.
Tom asked me if he could watch TV with me.
Tom asked me if he should ask Mary out.
Tom asked me if he was on the list of people invited to the party.
Tom asked me many difficult questions.
Tom asked me many questions about Boston.
Tom asked me many questions about Mary.
Tom asked me many questions.
Tom asked me many things.
Tom asked me not to do anything.
Tom asked me not to do that again.
Tom asked me not to do that anymore.
Tom asked me not to do that at school.
Tom asked me not to do that here.
Tom asked me not to do that.
Tom asked me not to go.
Tom asked me not to help Mary.
Tom asked me not to help him.
Tom asked me not to help you.
Tom asked me not to kiss him in public.
Tom asked me not to laugh.
Tom asked me not to leave.
Tom asked me not to park my car in front of his house.
Tom asked me not to park my car in his driveway.
Tom asked me not to pitch my tent next to his.
Tom asked me not to say anything.
Tom asked me not to talk to Mary anymore.
Tom asked me not to tell anybody what had happened.
Tom asked me not to tell anyone what had happened.
Tom asked me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
Tom asked me out again.
Tom asked me out for dinner and I said yes.
Tom asked me out on a date.
Tom asked me out this weekend.
Tom asked me out to dinner.
Tom asked me out tonight.
Tom asked me out, but I told him I wasn't interested.
Tom asked me out.
Tom asked me questions I didn't want to answer.
Tom asked me questions about Boston.
Tom asked me questions about you.
Tom asked me questions.
Tom asked me several questions that I couldn't answer.
Tom asked me several questions that I didn't want to answer.
Tom asked me several questions.
Tom asked me some interesting questions.
Tom asked me some questions about Boston.
Tom asked me some questions about Mary.
Tom asked me some questions about my job.
Tom asked me some questions about what had happened.
Tom asked me some questions.
Tom asked me some really strange questions.
Tom asked me some very personal questions.
Tom asked me some very strange questions.
Tom asked me something.
Tom asked me stay behind.
Tom asked me the same question.
Tom asked me the same questions Mary asked me.
Tom asked me the same questions Mary had asked me.
Tom asked me the same questions that Mary asked me.
Tom asked me the same thing last week.
Tom asked me the same thing.
Tom asked me the time.
Tom asked me this morning if I wanted to go jogging with him.
Tom asked me three questions.
Tom asked me to ask Mary why she did that.
Tom asked me to ask you if you want to come with us.
Tom asked me to ask you something.
Tom asked me to ask you.
Tom asked me to be attentive.
Tom asked me to be here.
Tom asked me to be his friend.
Tom asked me to be involved.
Tom asked me to be more attentive.
Tom asked me to be patient.
Tom asked me to be quiet.
Tom asked me to be there.
Tom asked me to bring him some food.
Tom asked me to bring him the lunch to his workplace.
Tom asked me to bring my own eating utensils.
Tom asked me to buy a case of beer.
Tom asked me to buy a dozen eggs on my way home from work.
Tom asked me to buy him a pair of tweezers.
Tom asked me to buy him a puppy.
Tom asked me to buy him some mouthwash.
Tom asked me to buy him something to drink.
Tom asked me to buy some rope.
Tom asked me to buy some wine.
Tom asked me to buy three bottles of wine for him.
Tom asked me to call Mary.
Tom asked me to call him John from now on.
Tom asked me to call him back.
Tom asked me to call him.
Tom asked me to call you.
Tom asked me to carry his suitcase.
Tom asked me to close all the windows.
Tom asked me to close the door.
Tom asked me to close the gate.
Tom asked me to close the windows.
Tom asked me to come alone.
Tom asked me to come back here later this afternoon.
Tom asked me to come back tomorrow.
Tom asked me to come by.
Tom asked me to come here to deliver this message.
Tom asked me to come here.
Tom asked me to come inside.
Tom asked me to come over and help him.
Tom asked me to come over for dinner.
Tom asked me to come over for lunch.
Tom asked me to come over.
Tom asked me to come to his house tonight.
Tom asked me to come to his house.
Tom asked me to come.
Tom asked me to come. I replied that I couldn't, saying that I was sorry, but I was very busy.
Tom asked me to continue doing what I was doing.
Tom asked me to cut his hair.
Tom asked me to dance.
Tom asked me to dim the lights.
Tom asked me to do him a favor.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I couldn't do what he asked.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I couldn’t do what he asked.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I wasn't able to do what he asked me to do.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I wasn't able to do what he asked.
Tom asked me to do his homework for him.
Tom asked me to do it for Mary.
Tom asked me to do it for him.
Tom asked me to do it.
Tom asked me to do something I knew I shouldn't do.
Tom asked me to do something I knew that I shouldn't do.
Tom asked me to do something that I knew I shouldn't do.
Tom asked me to do something that I knew that I shouldn't do.
Tom asked me to do that by myself.
Tom asked me to do that carefully.
Tom asked me to do that for Mary.
Tom asked me to do that for a few days.
Tom asked me to do that for him.
Tom asked me to do that last week.
Tom asked me to do that quickly.
Tom asked me to do that quietly.
Tom asked me to do that very carefully.
Tom asked me to do that, but I told him I couldn't.
Tom asked me to do that.
Tom asked me to do this for Mary.
Tom asked me to do this for him.
Tom asked me to do this.
Tom asked me to draw a map.
Tom asked me to drive.
Tom asked me to drop by.
Tom asked me to feed his dog while he was away.
Tom asked me to find Mary.
Tom asked me to find out what Mary wanted.
Tom asked me to find out where you were.
Tom asked me to find you.
Tom asked me to forgive him.
Tom asked me to get a hold of you.
Tom asked me to give Mary enough time to do that.
Tom asked me to give Mary time to do that.
Tom asked me to give him enough time to do that.
Tom asked me to give him money.
Tom asked me to give him time to do that.
Tom asked me to give this to you.
Tom asked me to give you a message.
Tom asked me to give you something.
Tom asked me to give you this letter.
Tom asked me to give you this.
Tom asked me to go away.
Tom asked me to go home early.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with him next spring.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with him.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with Mary next weekend.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked me to go to a movie with Mary.
Tom asked me to go to a movie with him.
Tom asked me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread.
Tom asked me to go to the supermarket with Mary.
Tom asked me to go with Mary.
Tom asked me to go with him.
Tom asked me to help Mary do that.
Tom asked me to help Mary find her contact lens.
Tom asked me to help Mary put new frets on her guitar.
Tom asked me to help Mary with her French homework.
Tom asked me to help Mary with her homework.
Tom asked me to help Mary.
Tom asked me to help find Mary.
Tom asked me to help him do that.
Tom asked me to help him find his contact lens.
Tom asked me to help him out.
Tom asked me to help him paint his house.
Tom asked me to help him put new frets on his guitar.
Tom asked me to help him split firewood.
Tom asked me to help him up the stairs.
Tom asked me to help him with his French homework.
Tom asked me to help him with his homework.
Tom asked me to help him write a love letter.
Tom asked me to help him.
Tom asked me to help you do this.
Tom asked me to help you.
Tom asked me to help.
Tom asked me to his apartment for dinner.
Tom asked me to hoover the room.
Tom asked me to invite you.
Tom asked me to join his team.
Tom asked me to keep an eye on Mary.
Tom asked me to keep it secret.
Tom asked me to keep track of Mary.
Tom asked me to kiss him.
Tom asked me to leave him alone.
Tom asked me to leave the door unlocked.
Tom asked me to leave the room.
Tom asked me to leave.
Tom asked me to lend Mary some money.
Tom asked me to lend him money.
Tom asked me to lend him my bicycle.
Tom asked me to lend him my dictionary.
Tom asked me to lend him my pencil.
Tom asked me to lend him some money.
Tom asked me to live with him.
Tom asked me to lock the door.
Tom asked me to lock the windows.
Tom asked me to look after Mary.
Tom asked me to look after his children.
Tom asked me to look after you.
Tom asked me to look for some rope.
Tom asked me to look in on you.
Tom asked me to look in the bag.
Tom asked me to look into that matter.
Tom asked me to make certain I was on time.
Tom asked me to make sure you understood what you needed to do.
Tom asked me to marry him.
Tom asked me to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom asked me to meet Mary at the station.
Tom asked me to meet Mary here.
Tom asked me to meet him at the airport.
Tom asked me to meet him at the station.
Tom asked me to meet him here.
Tom asked me to open the door for him.
Tom asked me to open the door.
Tom asked me to open the window.
Tom asked me to open the windows.
Tom asked me to pass him the salt and pepper.
Tom asked me to pass him the salt.
Tom asked me to pay for it.
Tom asked me to pay him a visit.
Tom asked me to pay the bill.
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the station.
Tom asked me to pick him up at the station.
Tom asked me to pick him up.
Tom asked me to polish his shoes.
Tom asked me to proofread his essay.
Tom asked me to protect Mary.
Tom asked me to protect you.
Tom asked me to read him some poems.
Tom asked me to return the money I had borrowed.
Tom asked me to run some errands for him.
Tom asked me to say goodbye for him.
Tom asked me to say hello to you.
Tom asked me to sell him my car, but I don't want to sell it.
Tom asked me to sell him my car.
Tom asked me to set the table.
Tom asked me to show him how to cook trout.
Tom asked me to show you how to do that.
Tom asked me to shut the gate.
Tom asked me to shut the window.
Tom asked me to sing.
Tom asked me to sit down.
Tom asked me to speak more slowly.
Tom asked me to speak to Mary about that.
Tom asked me to speak to Mary.
Tom asked me to speak to you.
Tom asked me to stand up.
Tom asked me to stay a bit longer at work.
Tom asked me to stay a little longer.
Tom asked me to stay a while longer.
Tom asked me to stay and help Mary.
Tom asked me to stay and help him.
Tom asked me to stay away from Mary.
Tom asked me to stay away from him.
Tom asked me to stay with him until his father got home.
Tom asked me to stay.
Tom asked me to stop by his house after work.
Tom asked me to stop by.
Tom asked me to stop doing that.
Tom asked me to stop imitating him.
Tom asked me to sweep the room.
Tom asked me to take Mary to the zoo.
Tom asked me to take a look at it.
Tom asked me to take a look at some documents.
Tom asked me to take a picture of him.
Tom asked me to take care of Mary.
Tom asked me to take him to the zoo.
Tom asked me to take it to Mary.
Tom asked me to take out the garbage.
Tom asked me to take out the trash.
Tom asked me to take over.
Tom asked me to talk to Mary.
Tom asked me to talk to you.
Tom asked me to talk with you.
Tom asked me to teach Mary how to do that.
Tom asked me to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom asked me to teach him how to do that.
Tom asked me to teach him how to drive.
Tom asked me to teach him how to play a few chords on the ukulele.
Tom asked me to teach him how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom asked me to teach him how to skate.
Tom asked me to teach him how to ski.
Tom asked me to tell Mary why I did that.
Tom asked me to tell Mary why I didn't do that.
Tom asked me to tell him a story.
Tom asked me to tell him why I did that.
Tom asked me to tell him why I didn't do that.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Australia with you.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan to go to Australia with you.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan to go to Boston with you.
Tom asked me to tell you he needed a little more time.
Tom asked me to tell you he'd be late.
Tom asked me to tell you he'd wait for your call.
Tom asked me to tell you something.
Tom asked me to tell you that he would wait for you to phone him.
Tom asked me to tell you that he would wait for you to ring him.
Tom asked me to tell you that he'd be late.
Tom asked me to tell you that he'd wait for you in front of the school.
Tom asked me to tell you that.
Tom asked me to tell you.
Tom asked me to thank you.
Tom asked me to the movies.
Tom asked me to think it over.
Tom asked me to throw him the ball.
Tom asked me to throw the ball back to him.
Tom asked me to try it this way.
Tom asked me to try this.
Tom asked me to try to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom asked me to turn off the radio.
Tom asked me to turn the radio off.
Tom asked me to vacuum the room.
Tom asked me to wait here until Mary came back.
Tom asked me to wait here until he came back.
Tom asked me to wait here.
Tom asked me to wait until Monday.
Tom asked me to wait.
Tom asked me to wake Mary up at 2:30.
Tom asked me to wake him at six-thirty.
Tom asked me to wake him up at 2:30.
Tom asked me to wake him up at 6:30.
Tom asked me to wake him up at six-thirty.
Tom asked me to wake him up at six.
Tom asked me to wake him up for breakfast.
Tom asked me to walk a little slower.
Tom asked me to wash his car.
Tom asked me to.
Tom asked me what I did over the weekend.
Tom asked me what I did while I was in Australia.
Tom asked me what I expected.
Tom asked me what I had been doing at the weekend.
Tom asked me what I had been doing.
Tom asked me what I had bought.
Tom asked me what I had done.
Tom asked me what I like about him.
Tom asked me what I liked about Mary.
Tom asked me what I liked about him.
Tom asked me what I needed.
Tom asked me what I planned on getting Mary for her birthday.
Tom asked me what I thought about his presentation.
Tom asked me what I thought he should do.
Tom asked me what I thought of his French pronunciation.
Tom asked me what I thought of his plan.
Tom asked me what I thought of his presentation.
Tom asked me what I thought was going to happen.
Tom asked me what I want.
Tom asked me what I wanted for my birthday.
Tom asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.
Tom asked me what I wanted to do.
Tom asked me what I wanted to eat.
Tom asked me what I wanted.
Tom asked me what I was going to do at the weekend.
Tom asked me what I was going to do.
Tom asked me what I was looking for.
Tom asked me what I was talking with Mary about.
Tom asked me what I'd been talking with Mary about.
Tom asked me what I'd done over the weekend.
Tom asked me what I'm thinking.
Tom asked me what Mary's father's name was.
Tom asked me what had become of Mary.
Tom asked me what had happened to Mary.
Tom asked me what had to be done.
Tom asked me what happened.
Tom asked me what he could do for me.
Tom asked me what he should do next.
Tom asked me what he should look for in a car.
Tom asked me what instruments I could play.
Tom asked me what kind of job I was looking for.
Tom asked me what languages I could speak.
Tom asked me what languages I wanted to learn.
Tom asked me what my brother's name was.
Tom asked me what my favorite kind of music was.
Tom asked me what my level of English is.
Tom asked me what my middle name was.
Tom asked me what my name was.
Tom asked me what my strongest language was.
Tom asked me what the matter was.
Tom asked me what the problem was.
Tom asked me what time he should be there.
Tom asked me what time it was.
Tom asked me what to do next.
Tom asked me what we needed metal detectors for.
Tom asked me when I agreed to do that.
Tom asked me when I did that.
Tom asked me when I moved to Australia.
Tom asked me when I was going to buy a new computer.
Tom asked me when I was going to do that.
Tom asked me when I was going to leave.
Tom asked me when I was planning to go back to Australia.
Tom asked me when I was planning to go back to Boston.
Tom asked me when I would be going to Australia.
Tom asked me when I'd done that.
Tom asked me when I'd moved to Australia.
Tom asked me when he should do that.
Tom asked me when my birthday was.
Tom asked me where I bought my belt.
Tom asked me where I did that.
Tom asked me where I got this.
Tom asked me where I had been.
Tom asked me where I had bought my bicycle.
Tom asked me where I had bought my hiking boots.
Tom asked me where I learned French.
Tom asked me where I learned to ski.
Tom asked me where I lived.
Tom asked me where I studied French.
Tom asked me where I wanted to go to college.
Tom asked me where I was born.
Tom asked me where I was from.
Tom asked me where I was going.
Tom asked me where I was planning to go to college.
Tom asked me where I was this whole time.
Tom asked me where I worked.
Tom asked me where I'd been.
Tom asked me where I'd bought my bicycle.
Tom asked me where I'd bought my computer.
Tom asked me where I'd bought my scooter.
Tom asked me where I'd grown up.
Tom asked me where I'd learned French.
Tom asked me where I'd learned to paint.
Tom asked me where I'd learned to ski.
Tom asked me where I'd learned to speak French.
Tom asked me where I'd spent my summer vacation.
Tom asked me where I'd studied French.
Tom asked me where Mary had gone to college.
Tom asked me where Mary lived.
Tom asked me where Mary was born.
Tom asked me where Mary was from.
Tom asked me where Mary worked.
Tom asked me where he could buy a ticket.
Tom asked me where he could learn to fly.
Tom asked me where he could park his car.
Tom asked me where he could put his coat.
Tom asked me where he should park.
Tom asked me where he should put his coat.
Tom asked me where his book was.
Tom asked me where my car was parked.
Tom asked me where my father was.
Tom asked me where my parents lived.
Tom asked me where the parking lot was.
Tom asked me where the restroom was.
Tom asked me where the toilet was.
Tom asked me where to go.
Tom asked me where to put his coat.
Tom asked me whether I could do him a favor.
Tom asked me whether I enjoyed the movie.
Tom asked me whether I knew how to do that.
Tom asked me whether I knew how to sew.
Tom asked me whether I liked Australia or not.
Tom asked me whether I liked Boston or not.
Tom asked me whether I liked Mary or not.
Tom asked me whether I liked fishing.
Tom asked me whether I liked him.
Tom asked me whether I liked his plan or not.
Tom asked me whether I liked math.
Tom asked me whether I liked skating.
Tom asked me whether I liked skiing.
Tom asked me whether I liked swimming.
Tom asked me whether I liked the movie.
Tom asked me whether I wanted sugar in my tea.
Tom asked me whether I wanted to go or not.
Tom asked me whether I was busy or not.
Tom asked me whether I was busy.
Tom asked me whether I was hungry.
Tom asked me whether I was the one who had written the letter.
Tom asked me whether I would like to go to the Bon Festival dance with him.
Tom asked me whether I'd rather eat Chinese food or Italian food.
Tom asked me whether I'd slept well.
Tom asked me whether he should go or not.
Tom asked me whether he should help Mary or not.
Tom asked me which language I could speak best.
Tom asked me which language I could speak better.
Tom asked me which of my children I liked best. I told him that I like them all equally.
Tom asked me which team I thought would win the game.
Tom asked me which team I was cheering for.
Tom asked me which university I wanted to go to.
Tom asked me which way to go.
Tom asked me who I thought would be at the meeting.
Tom asked me who I thought would be the next president.
Tom asked me who I thought would win the race.
Tom asked me who I was looking for.
Tom asked me who I was taking to the dance.
Tom asked me who I was talking to.
Tom asked me who I was talking with.
Tom asked me who cried.
Tom asked me who did that.
Tom asked me who died.
Tom asked me who had arrived first.
Tom asked me who had painted the picture that was hanging on my wall.
Tom asked me who had painted the picture.
Tom asked me who had taught me how to drive.
Tom asked me who laughed.
Tom asked me who left early.
Tom asked me who my French teacher was.
Tom asked me who my father was.
Tom asked me who painted this picture.
Tom asked me who that man was.
Tom asked me who the girl with red hair was.
Tom asked me who the man standing in front of the statue was.
Tom asked me who walked home with me last night.
Tom asked me who was responsible for the accident.
Tom asked me who won.
Tom asked me who'd taught me how to draw.
Tom asked me why I agreed to do that.
Tom asked me why I applied for this job.
Tom asked me why I changed my major.
Tom asked me why I could swim so fast.
Tom asked me why I couldn't go.
Tom asked me why I did it.
Tom asked me why I did that the way I did it.
Tom asked me why I did that.
Tom asked me why I didn't ask anybody for help.
Tom asked me why I didn't ask anyone for help.
Tom asked me why I didn't come to his party.
Tom asked me why I didn't come to school on Monday.
Tom asked me why I didn't do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't eat breakfast.
Tom asked me why I didn't eat meat.
Tom asked me why I didn't hang out with him as much as I used to.
Tom asked me why I didn't like Mary.
Tom asked me why I didn't like him.
Tom asked me why I didn't live in Australia anymore.
Tom asked me why I didn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for my appointment.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for the meeting.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for work yesterday.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up until the meeting was over.
Tom asked me why I didn't try doing that by myself.
Tom asked me why I didn't vote this year.
Tom asked me why I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked me why I didn't want to live in Australia anymore.
Tom asked me why I didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom asked me why I don't hang out with him as much as I used to.
Tom asked me why I had done that.
Tom asked me why I hadn't done that.
Tom asked me why I hadn't eaten breakfast.
Tom asked me why I left early.
Tom asked me why I never came into the office on Mondays.
Tom asked me why I never learned how to swim.
Tom asked me why I never tried to get a driver's license.
Tom asked me why I prefer French to English.
Tom asked me why I preferred speaking in French.
Tom asked me why I quit my job.
Tom asked me why I speak French so well.
Tom asked me why I spoke French so well.
Tom asked me why I studied French.
Tom asked me why I thought learning French would be useful for his job.
Tom asked me why I thought learning French would be useful for my job.
Tom asked me why I tried to help him.
Tom asked me why I wanted to do that.
Tom asked me why I wanted to go to Australia.
Tom asked me why I wanted to leave early.
Tom asked me why I was crying.
Tom asked me why I was here.
Tom asked me why I was late.
Tom asked me why I was laughing.
Tom asked me why I was looking for Mary.
Tom asked me why I was smiling.
Tom asked me why I was so angry.
Tom asked me why I was so happy.
Tom asked me why I was so upset.
Tom asked me why I was there.
Tom asked me why I was unhappy.
Tom asked me why I was wearing a coat and tie.
Tom asked me why I worked so hard.
Tom asked me why I wouldn't do that.
Tom asked me why I wouldn't go.
Tom asked me why I'd changed my major.
Tom asked me why I'd told Mary John wouldn't be there.
Tom asked me why Mary and John broke up.
Tom asked me why Mary was so angry.
Tom asked me why Mary was so sad.
Tom asked me why Mary was so unhappy.
Tom asked me why Mary wasn't there.
Tom asked me why he was required to do that.
Tom asked me why it smelled so bad.
Tom asked me why we were late.
Tom asked me, "Did Alice see Mary the day before yesterday?"
Tom asked my father for permission to marry me.
Tom asked no more questions.
Tom asked not to be disturbed.
Tom asked one of his friends for a favor.
Tom asked one question too many.
Tom asked permission to leave the room.
Tom asked permission to leave.
Tom asked question after question.
Tom asked questions about viruses.
Tom asked questions about you.
Tom asked questions.
Tom asked several people the same question.
Tom asked several perplexing questions.
Tom asked several questions.
Tom asked some of his friends for their opinions.
Tom asked some questions to the teacher.
Tom asked some rather awkward questions.
Tom asked some tough questions.
Tom asked some very good questions.
Tom asked some very strange questions.
Tom asked somebody else to do it.
Tom asked someone else to do it.
Tom asked someone he met on the street how to get to the station.
Tom asked someone sitting near the window to open it.
Tom asked something.
Tom asked that I wait for him.
Tom asked that he not be disturbed.
Tom asked that he not be identified.
Tom asked that we be quiet.
Tom asked the DJ for a slow song.
Tom asked the FBI for help.
Tom asked the boy if his name was John.
Tom asked the butler for butter.
Tom asked the clerk for help.
Tom asked the clerk how much everything cost.
Tom asked the clerk if he could get an extension to submit his application after the normal deadline, but the clerk replied the deadline was calculated from the statutory period, spelled out in legislation, that neither the clerk nor his supervisors could override.
Tom asked the doctor about Mary.
Tom asked the driver to turn left.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to check his oil level.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to check his oil.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to clean his windshield.
Tom asked the janitor to open the door to the auditorium.
Tom asked the judge for leniency.
Tom asked the man at the front desk where he could get his suit pressed.
Tom asked the man where a toilet is.
Tom asked the old lady what her name was.
Tom asked the old man who he was.
Tom asked the person at the front desk for a 6:30 wake up call.
Tom asked the petrol-pump attendant to check his oil level.
Tom asked the police for protection.
Tom asked the same question over and over again, but he never got an answer.
Tom asked the same question over and over, but never got an answer.
Tom asked the same question to Mary that he asked me.
Tom asked the same question to many people.
Tom asked the same question to several people.
Tom asked the same questions Mary did.
Tom asked the store attendant for help.
Tom asked the stranger what his name was.
Tom asked the stranger who he was.
Tom asked the taxi driver to drive him to the nearest bank.
Tom asked the teacher a question.
Tom asked the teacher about the homework.
Tom asked the teacher several questions.
Tom asked the teacher some questions.
Tom asked the waiter for a menu.
Tom asked the waiter for another cup of coffee.
Tom asked the waiter some questions about the menu.
Tom asked the waiter to bring the check.
Tom asked the waiter to pass our compliments to the chef.
Tom asked the waitress for the wine list.
Tom asked the waitress some questions about the menu.
Tom asked the waitress to refill his coffee.
Tom asked the wrong questions.
Tom asked them not to do that.
Tom asked them not to smoke there.
Tom asked to be corrected.
Tom asked to be driven home.
Tom asked to be excused.
Tom asked to be left alone.
Tom asked to be let in.
Tom asked to be picked up at 2:30.
Tom asked to be woken up early tomorrow.
Tom asked to me to be his best man.
Tom asked to participate.
Tom asked to see me.
Tom asked to speak to me privately.
Tom asked to speak to the manager.
Tom asked to talk to the store manager.
Tom asked too many personal questions.
Tom asked too many questions.
Tom asked too many stupid questions.
Tom asked us a few questions and we answered them.
Tom asked us a lot of questions about Australia.
Tom asked us a lot of questions.
Tom asked us a lot of strange questions.
Tom asked us a question.
Tom asked us both to leave.
Tom asked us for guidance.
Tom asked us for help.
Tom asked us for our opinion.
Tom asked us for our opinions.
Tom asked us for permission to do that.
Tom asked us for some money.
Tom asked us if we had any questions.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that with Mary.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that with him.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go swimming.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Australia with him.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to the zoo.
Tom asked us many questions.
Tom asked us not to be late.
Tom asked us not to come.
Tom asked us not to disturb Mary.
Tom asked us not to do anything.
Tom asked us not to do that.
Tom asked us not to laugh.
Tom asked us not to make any noise.
Tom asked us not to wear shoes in his house.
Tom asked us several questions.
Tom asked us several strange questions.
Tom asked us to arrive early.
Tom asked us to be patient.
Tom asked us to be quiet.
Tom asked us to be silent.
Tom asked us to come back tomorrow.
Tom asked us to come.
Tom asked us to dinner.
Tom asked us to do that.
Tom asked us to do this quickly.
Tom asked us to do this quietly.
Tom asked us to follow Mary.
Tom asked us to follow him.
Tom asked us to forgive him.
Tom asked us to go camping with him.
Tom asked us to go with Mary.
Tom asked us to help Mary.
Tom asked us to help him move his piano.
Tom asked us to help him.
Tom asked us to hurry.
Tom asked us to keep him informed.
Tom asked us to leave at once.
Tom asked us to leave him alone.
Tom asked us to leave right away.
Tom asked us to leave.
Tom asked us to reconsider his plan.
Tom asked us to sing.
Tom asked us to sit down.
Tom asked us to stay a little longer.
Tom asked us to stay and help him clean up.
Tom asked us to stay.
Tom asked us to stop doing that.
Tom asked us to trust Mary.
Tom asked us to trust him.
Tom asked us to turn down the music.
Tom asked us to turn the music down.
Tom asked us to wait here.
Tom asked us to wait so we waited.
Tom asked us to wait until Monday.
Tom asked us to wait until he got here.
Tom asked us to wait.
Tom asked us what we thought Mary wanted to do.
Tom asked us what we thought Mary wanted.
Tom asked us what we wanted to do.
Tom asked us what we wanted.
Tom asked us what we were planning to do tomorrow if the weather was good.
Tom asked us what we would do if the weather was nice.
Tom asked us where we were from.
Tom asked us where we were going.
Tom asked us where we were planning to go.
Tom asked us which museums we had visited.
Tom asked us why we agreed to do that.
Tom asked us why we did it.
Tom asked us why we did that.
Tom asked us why we didn't do that.
Tom asked us why we had done that.
Tom asked us why we hadn't done that.
Tom asked us why we left early.
Tom asked what I was going to do.
Tom asked what Mary had done.
Tom asked what farmers do.
Tom asked what had happened.
Tom asked what happened.
Tom asked what he could do to help.
Tom asked what was in the box.
Tom asked what was on everyone's mind.
Tom asked what you're doing.
Tom asked when the train was arriving.
Tom asked where I was staying.
Tom asked where Mary lived.
Tom asked where my car was parked.
Tom asked where you were.
Tom asked whether Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom asked whether Mary would be there.
Tom asked whether you'd be there.
Tom asked which grade I was in.
Tom asked which grade Mary was in.
Tom asked who that was.
Tom asked whose coat it was and I told him it was mine.
Tom asked why I did it.
Tom asked why Mary had to do that.
Tom asked why Mary needed to do that.
Tom asked why Mary was required to do that.
Tom asked why he had to do that.
Tom asked why he was required to do that.
Tom asked why you had spent time in prison.
Tom asked why you weren't there yesterday.
Tom asked why.
Tom asked you a question. Please answer it.
Tom asked you to turn off the radio.
Tom asked, what is happening to me.
Tom asks a lot of questions.
Tom asks a lot of stupid questions.
Tom asks for my advice from time to time.
Tom asks for volunteers.
Tom asks his mother if she can but him a new toy.
Tom asks me questions often.
Tom asks me the same question every day.
Tom asks me the same questions every time he sees me.
Tom asks me the same thing every time he sees me.
Tom asks people to do a lot of things.
Tom asks stupid questions.
Tom asks too many questions.
Tom asks us the same questions all the time.
Tom asks very interesting questions.
Tom aspires to be a teacher.
Tom assailed me.
Tom assassinated the King.
Tom assassinated the Pope.
Tom assassinated the President.
Tom assassinated the king.
Tom assaulted Mary.
Tom assaulted a young woman with a very stale baguette.
Tom assaulted me.
Tom assembled the Ikea furniture.
Tom assembled this machine.
Tom asserts that he can speak with plants and animals.
Tom assessed the damages.
Tom assigned Mary to do the job.
Tom assigned the job to Mary.
Tom assigned the task to Mary.
Tom assigned the work to Mary.
Tom assigns homework to his students.
Tom assisted Mary.
Tom assisted me.
Tom assumed Mary caught a fish.
Tom assumed Mary had gone home.
Tom assumed Mary knew why John was in the hospital.
Tom assumed Mary was Canadian.
Tom assumed Mary was a Canadian.
Tom assumed Mary was at work.
Tom assumed Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom assumed Mary was still in Boston.
Tom assumed Mary was talking nonsense simply because he didn't understand her.
Tom assumed Mary would be late.
Tom assumed Mary would be there.
Tom assumed Mary would have the work finished by the time he arrived.
Tom assumed Mary would like the present he bought for her.
Tom assumed Mary would pay her bills on time.
Tom assumed Mary wouldn't be at the party.
Tom assumed a fighting stance.
Tom assumed command once again.
Tom assumed everybody at school knew he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed everybody at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed everybody in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everybody in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everybody knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everybody knew Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed everybody knew he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed everybody knew he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed everybody knew he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed everybody knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everybody knew that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed everybody knew that he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed everybody knew that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed everybody knew that he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed everybody knew what they were supposed to do.
Tom assumed everybody knew what to do.
Tom assumed everybody knew where he'd gone.
Tom assumed everybody knew who he was.
Tom assumed everyone at school knew he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed everyone at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed everyone in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everyone in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everyone knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everyone knew Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed everyone knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everyone knew that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew that he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew that he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed everyone knew what they were supposed to do.
Tom assumed everyone knew what to do.
Tom assumed everyone knew where he'd gone.
Tom assumed everyone knew who he was.
Tom assumed full responsibility.
Tom assumed he was being followed.
Tom assumed it was free.
Tom assumed that Mary caught a fish.
Tom assumed that Mary had gone home.
Tom assumed that Mary knew why John was in the hospital.
Tom assumed that Mary was Canadian.
Tom assumed that Mary was a Canadian.
Tom assumed that Mary was at work.
Tom assumed that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed that Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom assumed that Mary was still in Boston.
Tom assumed that Mary was talking nonsense simply because he didn't understand her.
Tom assumed that Mary would be late.
Tom assumed that Mary would be there.
Tom assumed that Mary would have the work finished by the time he arrived.
Tom assumed that Mary would like the present he bought for her.
Tom assumed that Mary would pay her bills on time.
Tom assumed that Mary wouldn't be at the party.
Tom assumed that everybody at school knew he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed that everybody at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed that everybody in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everybody in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everybody knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everybody knew Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed that everybody knew what they were supposed to do.
Tom assumed that everybody knew what to do.
Tom assumed that everybody knew where he'd gone.
Tom assumed that everybody knew who he was.
Tom assumed that everyone at school knew he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed that everyone at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed that everyone in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everyone in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everyone knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everyone knew Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that he couldn't do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed that everyone knew what they were supposed to do.
Tom assumed that everyone knew what to do.
Tom assumed that everyone knew where he'd gone.
Tom assumed that everyone knew who he was.
Tom assumed that he was being followed.
Tom assumed that it was free.
Tom assumed that the bracelet belonged to Mary.
Tom assumed that the meeting would start on time.
Tom assumed that the train would be on time.
Tom assumed the bracelet belonged to Mary.
Tom assumed the bracelet he found belonged to Mary.
Tom assumed the bracelet that he found belonged to Mary.
Tom assumed the meeting would start on time.
Tom assumed the train would be on time.
Tom assumed the worst.
Tom assumes Mary will be willing to help with the bake sale.
Tom assumes that Mary will be willing to help with the bake sale.
Tom assured Mary everything had been taken care of.
Tom assured Mary that everything had been taken care of.
Tom assured Mary that everything was OK.
Tom assured Mary that everything was taken care of.
Tom assured Mary that he could do that.
Tom assured Mary that he would do that.
Tom assured Mary that he would never do that again.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't be late for the party.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't cry.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn’t be late for the party.
Tom assured Mary that he'd help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
Tom assured Mary that he'd help her.
Tom assured Mary that he’d help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
Tom assured Mary that she'd be allowed to do whatever she wanted to do.
Tom assured Mary that she'd be allowed to do whatever she wanted.
Tom assured Mary that the dog wasn't rabid.
Tom assured Mary that they could do that together.
Tom assured me that everything would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom assured me that he could do that.
Tom assured me that he had everything under control.
Tom assured me that he would be here in time for the opening speech.
Tom assured me that he would do that.
Tom assured me that he would never do that again.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom assured me that he'd be there.
Tom assured me that he'd do that.
Tom assured me that it won't happen.
Tom assured me that that wouldn't happen.
Tom assured me that this kind of problem wouldn't happen again.
Tom assured me that this kind of problem wouldn’t happen again.
Tom assured me that this would never happen.
Tom assured me that wouldn't happen.
Tom assured me the gun wasn't loaded.
Tom assured me there would be no problems.
Tom assured us he had everything under control.
Tom assured us he has everything under control.
Tom assured us he'd cooperate.
Tom assured us of having everything under control.
Tom assured us that he could do that.
Tom assured us that he won't do that again.
Tom assured us that he won't do that anymore.
Tom assured us that he would do that.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that.
Tom assured us that he'll have that done before Monday.
Tom assured us that no one would get hurt.
Tom astonished Mary.
Tom astounded all of us when he intentionally dislocated his arms and legs, and sneaked through a really narrow gap in the iron-barred door. The way he moved reminded me of a slug.
Tom at last managed to sell his car.
Tom at last plucked up the courage to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom at last summoned the courage to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom ate 100% of the pie.
Tom ate John for breakfast.
Tom ate John's lunch.
Tom ate Mary's salad.
Tom ate Mary's sandwich.
Tom ate a Greek salad.
Tom ate a Japanese-style breakfast for the first time yesterday.
Tom ate a Mediterranean farro salad.
Tom ate a PBJ sandwich.
Tom ate a Philly steak sandwich.
Tom ate a TV dinner.
Tom ate a bag of peanuts.
Tom ate a bagel with cream cheese.
Tom ate a bagel.
Tom ate a baked potato.
Tom ate a baloney sandwich.
Tom ate a banana.
Tom ate a bar of dark chocolate.
Tom ate a big bowl of ice cream for dessert.
Tom ate a boiled egg for breakfast.
Tom ate a bologna sandwich.
Tom ate a bowl of clam chowder.
Tom ate a bowl of huckleberries.
Tom ate a bowl of instant noodles.
Tom ate a bowl of strawberries.
Tom ate a bug.
Tom ate a burger.
Tom ate a cabbage roll.
Tom ate a can of beans.
Tom ate a carrot.
Tom ate a cheeseburger.
Tom ate a cheesesteak sandwich.
Tom ate a chicken sandwich.
Tom ate a chocolate bar.
Tom ate a couple of eggs for breakfast.
Tom ate a couple of sandwiches for lunch.
Tom ate a couple of slices of bread and drank a glass of water.
Tom ate a crocodile.
Tom ate a doner kebab.
Tom ate a donut and drank a cup of coffee.
Tom ate a donut.
Tom ate a double cheeseburger.
Tom ate a doughnut.
Tom ate a dozen donuts all by himself.
Tom ate a dozen doughnuts all by himself.
Tom ate a falafel sandwich.
Tom ate a few chocolate chip cookies.
Tom ate a frozen dinner.
Tom ate a fun-sized Mars bar.
Tom ate a gluten-free pretzel.
Tom ate a granola bar.
Tom ate a grilled cheese sandwich.
Tom ate a grilled chicken sandwich.
Tom ate a gummy bear.
Tom ate a hamburger for lunch.
Tom ate a hamburger in his car as he was driving.
Tom ate a hamburger in his car on his way home.
Tom ate a hamburger with fries.
Tom ate a hamburger.
Tom ate a handful of nuts from the bowl on the bar.
Tom ate a handful of peanuts.
Tom ate a handful of raisins.
Tom ate a handful of the nuts from the bowl on the bar.
Tom ate a healthy lunch.
Tom ate a huge bowl of spaghetti.
Tom ate a late breakfast.
Tom ate a light lunch before working out.
Tom ate a light supper.
Tom ate a little of everything.
Tom ate a little.
Tom ate a lobster roll.
Tom ate a lot more than I did.
Tom ate a lot more than I expected.
Tom ate a lot more than Mary did.
Tom ate a lot more than Mary.
Tom ate a lot more than me.
Tom ate a lot of haddock growing up in Boston.
Tom ate a lot of ice cream.
Tom ate a lot.
Tom ate a lot. He must have been hungry.
Tom ate a lot. He must've been hungry.
Tom ate a mandarin orange.
Tom ate a mandarin.
Tom ate a panini.
Tom ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Tom ate a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom ate a pear.
Tom ate a piece of bread.
Tom ate a piece of cake.
Tom ate a piece of cheesecake.
Tom ate a piece of garlic bread.
Tom ate a piece of the cake that Mary baked.
Tom ate a piece of the cake.
Tom ate a piece of the pie.
Tom ate a piece of toast and drank a cup of coffee.
Tom ate a piece of toast.
Tom ate a plant-based burger.
Tom ate a pomegranate.
Tom ate a portion of chips with ketchup and mayonnaise.
Tom ate a pulled pork sandwich.
Tom ate a quesadilla.
Tom ate a quick bite.
Tom ate a quick lunch then went back to work.
Tom ate a quick lunch.
Tom ate a risotto.
Tom ate a roast beef sandwich.
Tom ate a salad contaminated with the cyclospora parasite.
Tom ate a salad for lunch.
Tom ate a salad.
Tom ate a sandwich and some potato chips.
Tom ate a sandwich at his desk.
Tom ate a sandwich for lunch.
Tom ate a sandwich.
Tom ate a slice of bread with butter.
Tom ate a slice of bread.
Tom ate a slice of pizza.
Tom ate a sloppy joe.
Tom ate a small piece of pie.
Tom ate a small portion of fish.
Tom ate a small sandwich.
Tom ate a spoonful of peanut butter.
Tom ate a stale sandwich.
Tom ate a starfruit.
Tom ate a sweet lemon for the first time.
Tom ate a tea sandwich.
Tom ate a tempeh burger.
Tom ate a tuna sandwich.
Tom ate a turkey sandwich and drank a glass of orange juice.
Tom ate a turnip.
Tom ate a vegan burger.
Tom ate a veggie burger.
Tom ate a whole bag of marshmallows.
Tom ate a whole bag of rice crackers.
Tom ate a whole box of chocolates by himself.
Tom ate a whole jar of pickles.
Tom ate a whole loaf of bread.
Tom ate a whole stick of butter on dare.
Tom ate all his meals in his room.
Tom ate all my candy.
Tom ate all my sweets.
Tom ate all of Mary's yoghurt, but replaced it with the wrong brand.
Tom ate all of it.
Tom ate all of the apples.
Tom ate all of the chocolate.
Tom ate all of the popcorn.
Tom ate all of the strawberries.
Tom ate all that he wanted to eat.
Tom ate all the bacon.
Tom ate all the blueberries.
Tom ate all the bread that I bought yesterday.
Tom ate all the bread, so there is none left.
Tom ate all the bread.
Tom ate all the candy he found in Mary's room.
Tom ate all the candy.
Tom ate all the cheese.
Tom ate all the chips and cookies.
Tom ate all the cookies by himself.
Tom ate all the cookies.
Tom ate all the cupcakes Mary baked this afternoon.
Tom ate all the cupcakes that Mary baked this afternoon.
Tom ate all the cupcakes.
Tom ate all the figs and sardines again.
Tom ate all the food I had stashed.
Tom ate all the food on his plate.
Tom ate all the food that I had stashed.
Tom ate all the food.
Tom ate all the green jellybeans.
Tom ate all the gummy bears.
Tom ate all the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom ate all the ice cream.
Tom ate all the leftovers.
Tom ate all the marshmallows.
Tom ate all the popcorn.
Tom ate all three apples.
Tom ate all three of the cupcakes.
Tom ate almost nothing.
Tom ate alone.
Tom ate an animal cracker.
Tom ate an apple.
Tom ate an avocado toast.
Tom ate an early lunch.
Tom ate an early supper.
Tom ate an ice cream sandwich.
Tom ate an ice cream with whipped cream.
Tom ate an orange.
Tom ate and drank.
Tom ate another gummy bear.
Tom ate as little as possible.
Tom ate as much as he wanted.
Tom ate as soon as the food was put on the table.
Tom ate at Chuck's Diner.
Tom ate at a local restaurant.
Tom ate at a new restaurant the other day, but he doesn't remember the restaurant's name.
Tom ate at a new restaurant the other day, but he doesn’t remember the restaurant’s name.
Tom ate at an "all you can eat" restaurant.
Tom ate at an all-you-can-eat restaurant.
Tom ate at his desk.
Tom ate at my house last night.
Tom ate at the Golden Dragon.
Tom ate both of my sandwiches.
Tom ate breakfast all alone.
Tom ate breakfast all by himself.
Tom ate breakfast alone.
Tom ate breakfast by himself.
Tom ate breakfast quickly.
Tom ate breakfast while his wife read the newspaper.
Tom ate breakfast.
Tom ate by himself even though he had hoped to eat with Mary.
Tom ate by himself.
Tom ate cake.
Tom ate caviar and drank champagne.
Tom ate caviar.
Tom ate chicken.
Tom ate cornflakes for breakfast.
Tom ate cornflakes.
Tom ate dinner about one hour ago.
Tom ate dinner and then went right to bed.
Tom ate dinner and went to bed.
Tom ate dinner by himself.
Tom ate dinner early.
Tom ate dinner here.
Tom ate dinner in the dark.
Tom ate dinner with us.
Tom ate dinner, but he didn't eat any dessert.
Tom ate dinner, but he didn't eat dessert.
Tom ate dinner.
Tom ate donuts.
Tom ate dry ramen noodles.
Tom ate dry ramen.
Tom ate earlier.
Tom ate early.
Tom ate every bit of his dinner.
Tom ate everything Mary cooked for him.
Tom ate everything Mary gave him.
Tom ate everything but the cucumber.
Tom ate everything except this tiny bit of cheese.
Tom ate everything he was given.
Tom ate everything in Mary's cabinets.
Tom ate everything on his plate.
Tom ate everything that I had stashed away.
Tom ate everything that Mary gave him.
Tom ate everything that was on his plate.
Tom ate everything.
Tom ate exactly the same thing Mary did.
Tom ate first.
Tom ate fish and chips for lunch.
Tom ate fish.
Tom ate four-tenths of a pound of grilled eggplant on the mountain summit.
Tom ate fried rice.
Tom ate half a bag of crisps.
Tom ate half a bag of potato chips.
Tom ate half a bag of potato crisps.
Tom ate half a jar of pickles while he was watching TV.
Tom ate half a packet of crisps.
Tom ate half as much as Mary did.
Tom ate half as much as Mary.
Tom ate half of my sandwich.
Tom ate half of the apple.
Tom ate half of the pie.
Tom ate half of the pie. How much of the pie is left?
Tom ate half the cake by himself.
Tom ate half the cake.
Tom ate half the peach and handed me the rest.
Tom ate hard-boiled eggs.
Tom ate here.
Tom ate his baked beans straight from the tin.
Tom ate his breakfast quietly.
Tom ate his dinner.
Tom ate his fill.
Tom ate his lunch alone.
Tom ate his lunch at his desk.
Tom ate his lunch in the park by himself.
Tom ate his own shoe.
Tom ate his salad.
Tom ate his sandwich at his desk.
Tom ate his sandwich quickly.
Tom ate his vegetables.
Tom ate ice cream.
Tom ate in a hurry.
Tom ate in his car, as usual.
Tom ate in his car.
Tom ate in silence.
Tom ate in the classroom with his classmates.
Tom ate in the kitchen.
Tom ate instant noodles for lunch.
Tom ate instant ramen for lunch.
Tom ate it all.
Tom ate it.
Tom ate just as much as I did.
Tom ate kangaroo at a restaurant in Australia.
Tom ate leftovers and studied while waiting for Mary to call.
Tom ate leftovers for breakfast.
Tom ate leftovers for dinner.
Tom ate leftovers.
Tom ate less than Mary did.
Tom ate less than Mary.
Tom ate like a horse.
Tom ate like a pig.
Tom ate lunch at a small restaurant near the hotel where he was staying.
Tom ate lunch at his desk.
Tom ate lunch at home.
Tom ate lunch by himself in his cubicle.
Tom ate lunch by himself.
Tom ate lunch early.
Tom ate lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom ate lunch in the park by himself.
Tom ate lunch with Mary.
Tom ate lunch with his friends.
Tom ate lunch with us.
Tom ate lunch.
Tom ate mac and cheese.
Tom ate macaroni and cheese.
Tom ate many of his meals off of paper plates.
Tom ate meat that I left on my plate.
Tom ate meatloaf yesterday for lunch.
Tom ate more than I ate.
Tom ate more than I did.
Tom ate more than Mary did.
Tom ate more than Mary.
Tom ate more than me.
Tom ate most of the cake.
Tom ate much more than Mary.
Tom ate my BLT sandwich.
Tom ate my apple.
Tom ate my bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich.
Tom ate my biscuits.
Tom ate my cookie.
Tom ate my cookies.
Tom ate my dessert.
Tom ate my lunch.
Tom ate my salad.
Tom ate my sandwich.
Tom ate my shoe.
Tom ate my shoes.
Tom ate nothing.
Tom ate one apple and Mary ate the other.
Tom ate one apple.
Tom ate one cookie and gave the rest to Mary.
Tom ate one of Mary's cupcakes.
Tom ate one of the cupcakes.
Tom ate one piece of pie and let Mary eat the other piece.
Tom ate one slice of Swiss cheese.
Tom ate one small piece of cake.
Tom ate only one sandwich.
Tom ate only one slice of bread.
Tom ate only three carrots for lunch.
Tom ate only three or four bites then spit out the food.
Tom ate out last night.
Tom ate out.
Tom ate pancakes for breakfast.
Tom ate pancakes, and Mary ate scrambled eggs.
Tom ate pancakes.
Tom ate part of the ham, and then put the rest into the refrigerator.
Tom ate pizza for breakfast.
Tom ate plain and simple food.
Tom ate popcorn while he watched TV.
Tom ate popcorn.
Tom ate pork.
Tom ate potato chips and drank beer.
Tom ate quickly.
Tom ate quietly.
Tom ate ramen for lunch.
Tom ate ramen noodles for lunch.
Tom ate ramen.
Tom ate roast pigeon at a Chinese restaurant.
Tom ate roasted chestnuts.
Tom ate scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Tom ate several figs and nuts.
Tom ate slowly.
Tom ate snacks.
Tom ate some barbecued ribs.
Tom ate some beans and a tortilla.
Tom ate some bread.
Tom ate some cheese.
Tom ate some chicken and a salad.
Tom ate some food, drank some beer, and then went right to sleep.
Tom ate some frozen yogurt.
Tom ate some ice cream.
Tom ate some of my rice while I was away from the table.
Tom ate some peach cobbler.
Tom ate some peanuts.
Tom ate some popcorn.
Tom ate some spicy Indian food.
Tom ate some spoiled food and became sick.
Tom ate some strawberries, and Mary did, too.
Tom ate some strawberries.
Tom ate some tacos.
Tom ate some trail mix.
Tom ate someone else's apple.
Tom ate something he shouldn't have.
Tom ate something spicy.
Tom ate something that he shouldn't have.
Tom ate something that made him sick.
Tom ate something.
Tom ate steak for dinner.
Tom ate supper by himself.
Tom ate supper.
Tom ate sushi at an expensive restaurant just around the corner.
Tom ate sweet potatoes and cheese for breakfast.
Tom ate that bacon.
Tom ate the apple Mary gave him.
Tom ate the apple that Mary gave him.
Tom ate the apple that Mary had left on the dining room table.
Tom ate the apple you gave him.
Tom ate the apple.
Tom ate the banana without washing his hands.
Tom ate the bread.
Tom ate the brownies Mary had baked for him.
Tom ate the brownies that Mary had baked for him.
Tom ate the bug.
Tom ate the cake Mary had baked for him.
Tom ate the cake and drank the tea.
Tom ate the chicken with his fingers.
Tom ate the chocolate chip cookies that Mary made for him.
Tom ate the chocolate donut that I had smuggled into the hospital.
Tom ate the cookies Mary made for him.
Tom ate the crackers.
Tom ate the cupcake Mary gave him.
Tom ate the cupcake that Mary gave him.
Tom ate the cupcake that Mary was saving for John.
Tom ate the cupcakes I was going to give you.
Tom ate the cupcakes that I was going to give you.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought that he must be in heaven.
Tom ate the dreaded hospital food, yet somehow he survived.
Tom ate the entire bag of nachos.
Tom ate the entire bag of peanuts.
Tom ate the entire bag of popcorn by himself.
Tom ate the entire bag of popcorn.
Tom ate the entire bag of potato chips.
Tom ate the entire bag.
Tom ate the exact same thing as Mary.
Tom ate the food we gave him.
Tom ate the free bread and then walked out of the restaurant.
Tom ate the hamburger but not the fries.
Tom ate the last cookie in the jar.
Tom ate the last cookie.
Tom ate the last donut.
Tom ate the last one.
Tom ate the last piece of cake.
Tom ate the last slice of bread so Mary had nothing to eat.
Tom ate the last slice of bread.
Tom ate the last slice of cheese.
Tom ate the last slice of pizza.
Tom ate the leftover pizza for breakfast.
Tom ate the leftovers.
Tom ate the most.
Tom ate the orange without peeling it first.
Tom ate the pie Mary made for him.
Tom ate the pie that Mary made for him.
Tom ate the popcorn directly from the bag.
Tom ate the potatoes, but he didn't eat the carrots.
Tom ate the rest of the pizza.
Tom ate the salad that Mary made for him.
Tom ate the salad.
Tom ate the same amount as Mary did.
Tom ate the same thing Mary did.
Tom ate the sandwich Mary made for me.
Tom ate the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Tom ate the sandwich that Mary made for me.
Tom ate the sandwich.
Tom ate the steak Mary cooked for him.
Tom ate the steak that Mary cooked for him.
Tom ate the stew right out of the pot.
Tom ate the stew straight from the pot.
Tom ate the three apples in less than five minutes.
Tom ate the whole apple in less than three minutes.
Tom ate the whole apple, seeds and all.
Tom ate the whole apple.
Tom ate the whole box of biscuits.
Tom ate the whole box of chocolates by himself.
Tom ate the whole box of cookies.
Tom ate the whole cake by himself.
Tom ate the whole cake.
Tom ate the whole packet of crisps.
Tom ate the whole pie by himself.
Tom ate the whole pizza by himself.
Tom ate the whole pizza.
Tom ate the whole watermelon by himself.
Tom ate three apples.
Tom ate three bananas.
Tom ate three bowls of cereal.
Tom ate three bowls of rice.
Tom ate three bowls of soup.
Tom ate three cookies.
Tom ate three cupcakes.
Tom ate three donuts.
Tom ate three eggs and a slice of toast.
Tom ate three eggs for breakfast.
Tom ate three eggs.
Tom ate three hotdogs.
Tom ate three of the cupcakes that Mary had baked.
Tom ate three of the cupcakes.
Tom ate three of them.
Tom ate three pieces of cake.
Tom ate three pieces of pie.
Tom ate three pounds of meat after doing squats and deadlifts.
Tom ate three sandwiches for lunch.
Tom ate three sandwiches.
Tom ate three servings of stew.
Tom ate three slices of bread.
Tom ate three slices of pizza.
Tom ate three times as much as Mary did.
Tom ate too many jelly donuts.
Tom ate too much candy.
Tom ate too much cotton candy.
Tom ate too much during the holidays.
Tom ate too much over the holidays.
Tom ate too much pork.
Tom ate too much.
Tom ate twice as much as I did.
Tom ate twice as much as Mary ate.
Tom ate twice as much as Mary did.
Tom ate twice as much as Mary.
Tom ate twice as much as me.
Tom ate two large slices of pizza.
Tom ate two plates of spaghetti.
Tom ate until he was full.
Tom ate up all my candy.
Tom ate up all the cookies.
Tom ate up almost all the Christmas cookies.
Tom ate up everything in my refrigerator.
Tom ate up everything that was on the table.
Tom ate vegan lasagna.
Tom ate vegetable soup this morning.
Tom ate very little.
Tom ate way too much.
Tom ate well.
Tom ate what Mary cooked for him.
Tom ate what Mary gave him.
Tom ate what Mary made for him.
Tom ate what Mary served him.
Tom ate what he wanted.
Tom ate what little food he had left.
Tom ate what many people call a healthy diet.
Tom ate with Maria.
Tom ate with Mary.
Tom ate your candy.
Tom ate.
Tom attached a string to the kite.
Tom attached some twine to the kite.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Tom attached the trailer to his car.
Tom attaches no importance to it.
Tom attacked John with a fork in the prison yard.
Tom attacked Mary from behind.
Tom attacked Mary with a dagger.
Tom attacked Mary with a knife.
Tom attacked Mary with a pair of scissors.
Tom attacked Mary.
Tom attacked his workmate.
Tom attacked me.
Tom attacked them because of their religion.
Tom attained his goal.
Tom attempted suicide.
Tom attempted to apologize in French.
Tom attempted to calm Mary down.
Tom attempted to cheer Mary up.
Tom attempted to clarify what he meant.
Tom attempted to climb over the fence.
Tom attempted to escape but was quickly recaptured by his kidnappers.
Tom attempted to escape from jail.
Tom attempted to escape, but he failed.
Tom attempted to escape, but he wasn't able to.
Tom attempted to escape.
Tom attempted to kill himself.
Tom attempted to kiss Mary.
Tom attempted to make amends with Mary.
Tom attempted to minimize his involvement in the crime.
Tom attempted to molest the eight-year-old child.
Tom attempted to obscure the truth.
Tom attempted to persuade Mary to go to church with him.
Tom attempted to predict the results.
Tom attempted to rescue Mary.
Tom attempted to run out of the courtroom.
Tom attempted to snuggle, but Mary pushed him away.
Tom attempted to swim across the river.
Tom attended Catholic school.
Tom attended Harvard University.
Tom attended Harvard.
Tom attended John and Mary's wedding.
Tom attended Mary's funeral.
Tom attended Mary's graduation ceremony.
Tom attended Mary’s graduation ceremony.
Tom attended Monday's meeting.
Tom attended a conference.
Tom attended a dinner hosted by John.
Tom attended a party last night.
Tom attended a prestigious private school.
Tom attended a public school.
Tom attended a town hall meeting.
Tom attended a virtual class.
Tom attended a webinar.
Tom attended all the lectures and seminars.
Tom attended an all-boys school.
Tom attended an all-boys’ school.
Tom attended an international conference in Boston.
Tom attended an international conference.
Tom attended high school for three years without missing a single day or ever being late.
Tom attended his graduation online.
Tom attended school in Australia.
Tom attended school in Boston.
Tom attended several ceremonies while he was in Australia.
Tom attended that meeting.
Tom attended the forum.
Tom attended the funeral in overalls.
Tom attended the meeting in my place.
Tom attended the meeting.
Tom attended the party yesterday.
Tom attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom attended the wedding.
Tom attends Bible study every Sunday.
Tom attends Bible study.
Tom attends an all-boys’ school.
Tom attends church every Sunday.
Tom attends church regularly.
Tom attends many school affairs.
Tom attends maths enrichment classes after school.
Tom attends public school.
Tom attends school at night.
Tom attends state school.
Tom attends the local gaelscoil.
Tom attracted Mary's attention.
Tom attracted a crowd of children as soon as he started playing his bongos.
Tom attracted our attention.
Tom attracts women like moths to a flame.
Tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness.
Tom attributed his success to Mary's help.
Tom attributed his success to Mary’s help.
Tom attributed his success to hard work.
Tom attributes his success to luck.
Tom auditioned for "American Idol."
Tom auditioned for American Idol.
Tom auditioned for Canadian Idol.
Tom auditioned for The Voice.
Tom auditioned for a play.
Tom auditioned for a role in the play.
Tom auditioned for a role in the school play.
Tom auditioned for a role.
Tom auditioned for the musical.
Tom auditioned for the part.
Tom avenged Mary's death.
Tom averted an accident.
Tom averted his eyes.
Tom avoided Mary's eyes.
Tom avoided Mary's gaze.
Tom avoided Mary.
Tom avoided answering Mary's question.
Tom avoided answering my question.
Tom avoided answering our questions.
Tom avoided being caught.
Tom avoided doing that.
Tom avoided her gaze.
Tom avoided listening to sad and sentimental love songs after he and Mary had split up.
Tom avoided looking at Mary.
Tom avoided making any comment on the matter.
Tom avoided making eye contact with Mary.
Tom avoided making eye contact.
Tom avoided military service.
Tom avoided places where people smoked.
Tom avoided talking with others because he was worried they'd make fun of him for his stutter.
Tom avoided the problem by staying at home.
Tom avoided the problems.
Tom avoided the question.
Tom avoids Mary whenever possible.
Tom avoids eating fast food. He says that it is unhealthy.
Tom avoids going out at night.
Tom avoids me.
Tom avoids people.
Tom awaited the news with bated breath.
Tom awoke at daybreak.
Tom awoke from a deep sleep.
Tom awoke from a lengthy coma.
Tom awoke in a hospital room.
Tom awoke to another gray morning.
Tom awoke to find himself in a strange room.
Tom awoke to tell Mary, "There's a long distance call for you from Frankfurt."
Tom awoke with a start.
Tom babysat John and Mary's children yesterday evening.
Tom babysat Mary's children Monday night.
Tom babysat Mary's three boys Monday night.
Tom babysat Mary.
Tom babysat the children last night.
Tom backed John onto the ropes with a series of rights and lefts.
Tom backed away from the door.
Tom backed away, trembling with fear.
Tom backed away.
Tom backed down the driveway.
Tom backed down.
Tom backed everything up on an external hard drive.
Tom backed everything up.
Tom backed his car down the driveway.
Tom backed his car into a tree.
Tom backed his car into a wall.
Tom backed his car into the garage.
Tom backed his car into the parking space.
Tom backed his car out of the driveway.
Tom backed his car out of the garage.
Tom backed his car out of the parking lot.
Tom backed his car out of the parking space.
Tom backed his car up to check, but the raccoon he had run over was dead as a doornail.
Tom backed his car up to check, but the raccoon that he'd run over was as dead as a doornail.
Tom backed into his parking space.
Tom backed into the garage.
Tom backed into the parking space.
Tom backed off.
Tom backed out at the last minute.
Tom backed out at the last moment.
Tom backed out of his parking space.
Tom backed out of the driveway.
Tom backed out of the garage.
Tom backed out of the room.
Tom backed out.
Tom backed the car into the garage.
Tom backed the car into the parking space.
Tom backed the car out of the garage.
Tom backed towards the door.
Tom backed up Mary's story.
Tom backed up his data.
Tom backed up the car and turned around.
Tom backed up the file.
Tom backed up towards the window and hid behind the curtain.
Tom backed up.
Tom backhanded me.
Tom backpacked through Europe.
Tom backpedaled.
Tom backs the old guard of the organization.
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends and family after their breakup.
Tom badly needed money.
Tom badly needed the money.
Tom badly needs our help.
Tom bagged the last ticket.
Tom bailed Mary out of jail.
Tom bailed me out.
Tom bailed on us just when we needed him most.
Tom bailed out of the plane.
Tom bailed out the boat.
Tom baited the hook.
Tom baited the trap.
Tom baked Mary a birthday cake.
Tom baked Mary a cake for her birthday.
Tom baked Mary a cake for her party.
Tom baked Mary a cake.
Tom baked Mary an apple pie.
Tom baked Mary some brownies.
Tom baked Mary some cookies.
Tom baked a birthday cake for Mary.
Tom baked a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Tom baked a cake for Mary's birthday.
Tom baked a cake for Mary.
Tom baked a cake for Mary’s birthday.
Tom baked a cake for his girlfriend.
Tom baked a cake for the party.
Tom baked a cake.
Tom baked a carrot cake for dessert.
Tom baked a casserole.
Tom baked a coconut cake.
Tom baked a couple of pies for the party.
Tom baked a fig cake.
Tom baked a ham.
Tom baked a pie.
Tom baked an apple pie for Mary.
Tom baked an apple pie for dessert.
Tom baked an apple pie for us.
Tom baked an apple pie.
Tom baked bread this morning.
Tom baked bread yesterday.
Tom baked bread.
Tom baked brownies for Mary.
Tom baked brownies for us.
Tom baked brownies.
Tom baked cookies this afternoon.
Tom baked cookies.
Tom baked fresh bread.
Tom baked his girlfriend a cake.
Tom baked his teacher some cookies.
Tom baked his wife a pumpkin pie.
Tom baked in the sun and soon looked like a boiled crab.
Tom baked me a cake.
Tom baked me some cookies.
Tom baked muffins.
Tom baked some brownies for Mary.
Tom baked some brownies for the bake sale.
Tom baked some brownies yesterday.
Tom baked some chocolate chip cookies.
Tom baked some cookies for Mary.
Tom baked some cookies for his teacher.
Tom baked some cookies for me.
Tom baked some cookies for the party.
Tom baked some cookies.
Tom baked some cupcakes this afternoon.
Tom baked some heart-shaped cookies.
Tom baked some muffins.
Tom baked the cake and Mary iced it.
Tom baked the cake for Mary.
Tom baked these cookies this morning.
Tom baked these cookies.
Tom baked this bread yesterday afternoon.
Tom baked three cakes.
Tom baked three dozen cookies for Mary's party.
Tom baked three dozen cookies.
Tom baked three loaves of bread this morning.
Tom baked three loaves of bread.
Tom baked three pies.
Tom baked us an apple pie.
Tom bakes a couple of loaves of bread every day.
Tom bakes bread about once a week.
Tom bakes bread at home.
Tom bakes bread once a week.
Tom bakes bread.
Tom bakes cookies on Sundays.
Tom bakes his own bread with a bread machine.
Tom bakes his own bread.
Tom balled his hands into fists.
Tom bandaged Mary's arm.
Tom bandaged Mary's hand.
Tom bandaged Mary’s arm.
Tom bandaged his own leg.
Tom bandaged my leg.
Tom banged away on his toy xylophone.
Tom banged his fist on the table.
Tom banged his fists on his wall.
Tom banged his fists on the table.
Tom banged his head against the table.
Tom banged his head on a low-hanging branch.
Tom banged his head on a tree branch.
Tom banged his head.
Tom banged his knee on the table.
Tom banged his knee.
Tom banged his knees on the glass coffee table.
Tom banged on Mary's door.
Tom banged on Mary's window.
Tom banged on the door with his fist.
Tom banged on the door with his fists.
Tom banged on the door, hoping someone would hear him.
Tom banged on the door, hoping someone would let him in.
Tom banged on the door.
Tom banged on the table with his fist.
Tom banged the table with his fist.
Tom banged up his knee playing hockey.
Tom bared his soul to Mary.
Tom barely ate anything.
Tom barely ate his lunch.
Tom barely ate.
Tom barely avoided crashing into Mary's car.
Tom barely does anything.
Tom barely escaped being killed by a tiger.
Tom barely escaped death.
Tom barely escaped with his life.
Tom barely escaped.
Tom barely even noticed it.
Tom barely got out alive.
Tom barely got out of the burning building alive.
Tom barely had enough money to pay his rent.
Tom barely had enough to eat.
Tom barely had time to do that.
Tom barely had time to react.
Tom barely knew Mary.
Tom barely made it in time.
Tom barely made it to work on time.
Tom barely managed to keep his head above water.
Tom barely managed to pass the test.
Tom barely passed the exam.
Tom barely passed the test.
Tom barely pays any attention to Mary.
Tom barely recognized Mary.
Tom barely said a word.
Tom barely said anything.
Tom barely speaks English.
Tom barely speaks French.
Tom barely speaks to Mary anymore.
Tom barely speaks to me anymore.
Tom barely speaks to me.
Tom barely speaks to us anymore.
Tom barely spoke any French this time last year.
Tom barely spoke to Mary last summer.
Tom barely spoke.
Tom barely studied for the exam.
Tom barely survived the attack.
Tom barely touched his breakfast.
Tom barely touched his dinner.
Tom barely touched his food.
Tom barely uses French.
Tom barfed.
Tom bargained over the price of the rug.
Tom bargained with the salesman hoping to get a lower price.
Tom barged in.
Tom barged into Mary's office with a gun in his hand.
Tom barged into the room.
Tom barged through the front door.
Tom barked.
Tom barks like a dog.
Tom barks.
Tom barricaded himself in his bedroom.
Tom barricaded himself in his room.
Tom barricaded himself inside his room.
Tom bashed Mary's head against the wall.
Tom bashed his head against the wall.
Tom basically did what he was told to do.
Tom basically stays at home all day and does nothing.
Tom basked in the sun.
Tom basted the turkey.
Tom bathed his feet in warm water.
Tom bathed.
Tom bats 4th in our team.
Tom bats and throws left-handed.
Tom bats cleanup on our team.
Tom batted the ball over the fence.
Tom beamed from ear to ear.
Tom bears an uncanny resemblance to Abraham Lincoln.
Tom beat John unconscious with a baseball bat.
Tom beat Mary at checkers.
Tom beat Mary at chess.
Tom beat Mary at draughts.
Tom beat Mary at miniature golf.
Tom beat Mary black and blue.
Tom beat Mary in tennis.
Tom beat Mary in the kitchen.
Tom beat Mary to death with a baseball bat.
Tom beat Mary to death with a hammer.
Tom beat Mary to death.
Tom beat Mary to the punch.
Tom beat Mary to within an inch of her life.
Tom beat Mary unconscious.
Tom beat Mary up.
Tom beat Mary.
Tom beat a hasty retreat.
Tom beat his children.
Tom beat his dog with a cane.
Tom beat his dog with his cane.
Tom beat his dog.
Tom beat his wife.
Tom beat me again.
Tom beat me at Parcheesi.
Tom beat me at chess.
Tom beat me at darts.
Tom beat me fair and square.
Tom beat me to it.
Tom beat me to the punch.
Tom beat me up.
Tom beat me.
Tom beat someone up.
Tom beat the dog.
Tom beat the drum at a slow tempo.
Tom beat the murder rap.
Tom beat the odds and was successful.
Tom beat the pants off me.
Tom beat the rug with his old racket.
Tom beat the rug with his old tennis racket.
Tom beat the shit out of John.
Tom beat them to the punch.
Tom beat them.
Tom beat those odds.
Tom beat up Mary.
Tom beat up his brother.
Tom beat us to the punch.
Tom beat you to it.
Tom beats his girlfriend.
Tom beats his servants.
Tom beats his wife.
Tom beats me at FIFA every time.
Tom beats me.
Tom beats people up.
Tom became John's roommate.
Tom became John’s roommate.
Tom became Mary's best friend.
Tom became Mary's business partner.
Tom became Mary's closest friend.
Tom became Mary's friend.
Tom became Mary's mentor.
Tom became Mary's most trusted assistant.
Tom became a Baha'i.
Tom became a Buddhist.
Tom became a Canadian citizen in 2013.
Tom became a Canadian citizen.
Tom became a Catholic.
Tom became a Christian.
Tom became a French teacher after getting out of the army.
Tom became a French teacher after he graduated from college.
Tom became a French teacher three years ago.
Tom became a French teacher when he was thirty.
Tom became a French teacher.
Tom became a Japanese citizen.
Tom became a Jew.
Tom became a Muslim.
Tom became a Republican.
Tom became a baby.
Tom became a barber.
Tom became a bass on account of puberty.
Tom became a beggar.
Tom became a billionaire when his company sold shares in an initial public offering.
Tom became a billionaire when his father died.
Tom became a bit annoyed.
Tom became a cab driver.
Tom became a car salesman, just like his dad.
Tom became a carpenter.
Tom became a celebrity.
Tom became a chef.
Tom became a chiropractor.
Tom became a cook.
Tom became a cooperating witness.
Tom became a cop.
Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom became a dancer.
Tom became a dentist.
Tom became a different person.
Tom became a doctor in 2013.
Tom became a doctor, like his father.
Tom became a doctor.
Tom became a drug addict.
Tom became a drug dealer.
Tom became a famous actor.
Tom became a famous singer.
Tom became a famous writer.
Tom became a father in October.
Tom became a father when he was thirty.
Tom became a father.
Tom became a folk hero.
Tom became a fortune teller.
Tom became a fugitive.
Tom became a good soldier.
Tom became a grandfather last October.
Tom became a grandfather last month.
Tom became a great artist.
Tom became a great musician.
Tom became a hero in his hometown.
Tom became a hero.
Tom became a highwayman.
Tom became a history teacher.
Tom became a hobo.
Tom became a judge.
Tom became a lawyer.
Tom became a lifeguard.
Tom became a little concerned when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
Tom became a little concerned when Mary didn’t arrive when she said she would.
Tom became a little flustered.
Tom became a little worried when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
Tom became a local celebrity.
Tom became a manager.
Tom became a member of this club three years ago.
Tom became a mendicant.
Tom became a minister.
Tom became a missionary.
Tom became a national hero.
Tom became a naturalized citizen.
Tom became a panhandler.
Tom became a pastor.
Tom became a pianist.
Tom became a pilot.
Tom became a police officer.
Tom became a police officer. Most of the time what he really said to the populace was: "Worker 172-122-3321 go die somewhere else. We're too busy to investigate your report."
Tom became a police sergeant.
Tom became a policeman.
Tom became a preacher like his father.
Tom became a preacher.
Tom became a priest in 2013.
Tom became a priest.
Tom became a professional dancer in his early thirties.
Tom became a professional golfer after he graduated from college.
Tom became a professional poker player.
Tom became a professor in 2013.
Tom became a rabbi.
Tom became a real estate agent.
Tom became a recluse.
Tom became a sailor.
Tom became a satanist.
Tom became a school teacher in Boston.
Tom became a schoolteacher in Boston.
Tom became a security guard.
Tom became a singer.
Tom became a sleazy car salesman.
Tom became a soldier.
Tom became a staunch conservative.
Tom became a stock broker.
Tom became a successful businessman.
Tom became a successful lawyer.
Tom became a successful photographer.
Tom became a successful reporter.
Tom became a sumo wrestler.
Tom became a surgeon.
Tom became a surrogate parent.
Tom became a suspect.
Tom became a target of cancel culture after some Instagram photos he posted were associated with pedophilia and child trafficking by the Wayfair conspiracists.
Tom became a taxi driver.
Tom became a teacher late in life.
Tom became a teacher later in life.
Tom became a teacher.
Tom became a teenager last month.
Tom became a total recluse.
Tom became a vegan after seeing others get sick from poor diets.
Tom became a vegan.
Tom became a very abusive person.
Tom became a very wealthy man.
Tom became a veterinarian.
Tom became a whistleblower.
Tom became a writer.
Tom became a yoga instructor.
Tom became a zombie and then he bit Mary.
Tom became absent-minded.
Tom became abusive.
Tom became addicted to porn.
Tom became afraid of Mary.
Tom became afraid.
Tom became aggressive.
Tom became agitated.
Tom became alarmed.
Tom became an Instagram celebrity.
Tom became an actor.
Tom became an agnostic.
Tom became an alcoholic.
Tom became an architect.
Tom became an artist.
Tom became an engineer, just like his father.
Tom became an engineer.
Tom became an extremely famous poet. However, all his poems were in Esperanto. Over the decades, many translators fought to the death over the interpretations of his poems.
Tom became an eyewitness to tragic events.
Tom became an officer.
Tom became an ordained minister.
Tom became an orphan when he was three.
Tom became an outcast.
Tom became an overnight sensation.
Tom became angry again.
Tom became angry and blamed Mary.
Tom became angry.
Tom became animated.
Tom became annoyed.
Tom became annoying.
Tom became anorexic when he was a high school student.
Tom became anorexic when he was in high school.
Tom became anorexic while he was at secondary school.
Tom became anxious.
Tom became arrogant.
Tom became aware of a brand new world.
Tom became aware of someone in the room.
Tom became aware that Mary was staring at him.
Tom became aware that he had forgotten to tie his shoes.
Tom became aware that he was no longer alone anymore.
Tom became aware that he was no longer alone.
Tom became bald very young.
Tom became best friends with Mary.
Tom became black.
Tom became blind.
Tom became bored after a few minutes.
Tom became bored with teaching and he looked for a new job.
Tom became bored.
Tom became bossy.
Tom became calm.
Tom became close to Mary.
Tom became concerned about Mary's safety.
Tom became concerned about Mary's scat fetish.
Tom became concerned about Mary’s safety.
Tom became concerned.
Tom became confused.
Tom became conscious.
Tom became convinced Mary no longer loved him.
Tom became convinced that Mary no longer loved him.
Tom became convinced that mining guano would be a lucrative business venture.
Tom became cranky.
Tom became curious.
Tom became dangerous.
Tom became dangerously ill.
Tom became deaf from the explosion.
Tom became deeply interested in art history.
Tom became defensive.
Tom became dependent on that drug.
Tom became depressed after Mary left him.
Tom became depressed.
Tom became desperate.
Tom became discouraged.
Tom became disgusted.
Tom became disillusioned after working on Wall Street for a few years.
Tom became distant.
Tom became dizzy from the heat.
Tom became dizzy.
Tom became drowsy after lunch.
Tom became drowsy after supper.
Tom became editor-in-chief.
Tom became embarrassed.
Tom became embroiled in a scandal.
Tom became emotional and choked up during his retirement speech.
Tom became emotional.
Tom became even more agitated.
Tom became even more upset.
Tom became excited.
Tom became exhausted.
Tom became extremely angry.
Tom became extremely weak.
Tom became fairly fluent in French after about three years of intense study.
Tom became famous all over the world.
Tom became famous as a mystery writer.
Tom became famous as a violinist.
Tom became famous because he married a famous actress who had been married many times before.
Tom became famous overnight.
Tom became famous very quickly.
Tom became famous.
Tom became fascinated by that.
Tom became fat.
Tom became financially independent.
Tom became fluent in French fairly quickly.
Tom became fluent in French very quickly.
Tom became flustered and a bit nervous.
Tom became forgetful.
Tom became friendly with Mary.
Tom became friends with Mary when he was living in Australia.
Tom became friends with Mary when he was living in Boston.
Tom became friends with Mary.
Tom became friends with one of the prison guards.
Tom became frightened.
Tom became frustrated when his suggestions fell on deaf ears.
Tom became frustrated.
Tom became furious.
Tom became good friends with Mary.
Tom became good friends with the elevator operator in their hotel.
Tom became heartbroken.
Tom became homeless.
Tom became hysterical.
Tom became ill with chickenpox.
Tom became ill.
Tom became impatient.
Tom became impressed.
Tom became increasingly agitated.
Tom became increasingly aware that he was being manipulated by the FBI.
Tom became increasingly isolated.
Tom became increasingly upset.
Tom became indignant.
Tom became infected.
Tom became insane.
Tom became interested in Egyptology.
Tom became interested in ancient Egypt as a boy.
Tom became interested in ancient Egyptian history.
Tom became interested in archaeology.
Tom became interested in archeology.
Tom became interested in baking when he was very young.
Tom became interested in music because his neighbor was quite a musician.
Tom became interested in music.
Tom became interested in snowboarding when he was about twelve.
Tom became interested.
Tom became intoxicated.
Tom became intrigued.
Tom became involved with Mary.
Tom became irate.
Tom became irritable.
Tom became irritated by Mary's silence.
Tom became irritated.
Tom became jealous when he saw Mary with another man.
Tom became jealous.
Tom became known as the “man who did that”.
Tom became lost.
Tom became mad at us.
Tom became mad.
Tom became more and more angry.
Tom became more and more handsome as he grew older.
Tom became more and more irritated.
Tom became more ill.
Tom became much more relaxed.
Tom became mute.
Tom became my enemy.
Tom became nervous.
Tom became obsessed will chickpea-based snacks and even created his own recipe.
Tom became obsessed with Mary.
Tom became obsessed with space and astronomy.
Tom became obsessed with the girl.
Tom became obstinate.
Tom became one of Mary's closest friends.
Tom became our manager in 2013.
Tom became outraged.
Tom became paralyzed after falling off his skateboard.
Tom became paranoid.
Tom became permanently blind.
Tom became poor, and he also lost weight.
Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.
Tom became popular.
Tom became pretty good at it.
Tom became purple with anger.
Tom became quiet.
Tom became quite upset.
Tom became quite wealthy.
Tom became radicalized on the internet.
Tom became reformed.
Tom became religious.
Tom became resentful.
Tom became rich overnight.
Tom became rich.
Tom became richer and richer, while Mary became poorer and poorer.
Tom became sad when he found out what had happened.
Tom became sad.
Tom became scared as soon as he saw the robber's knife.
Tom became scared as soon as he saw the robber’s knife.
Tom became scared when he saw the dead body.
Tom became scared.
Tom became self-conscious.
Tom became serious.
Tom became sick and spent time in a sanatorium.
Tom became sick from eating bad food.
Tom became sicker.
Tom became sleepy.
Tom became stressed.
Tom became suspicious.
Tom became tense.
Tom became the acting chairman of the committee.
Tom became the band's manager.
Tom became the breadwinner of the family when his father died.
Tom became the champion.
Tom became the commander.
Tom became the head of the company.
Tom became the treasurer.
Tom became the worst nightmare for Mary.
Tom became their ally.
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with Mary.
Tom became tired.
Tom became too ill to manage the store.
Tom became tough.
Tom became troubled.
Tom became uncomfortable.
Tom became uncooperative.
Tom became uneasy.
Tom became unmanageable.
Tom became unsure and afraid.
Tom became upset and began to cry.
Tom became upset.
Tom became very aggressive.
Tom became very agitated.
Tom became very angry.
Tom became very annoyed.
Tom became very bored.
Tom became very busy.
Tom became very cold.
Tom became very concerned.
Tom became very confused.
Tom became very curious.
Tom became very defensive.
Tom became very depressed after that.
Tom became very depressed.
Tom became very desperate.
Tom became very discouraged.
Tom became very disgusted.
Tom became very distracted.
Tom became very drunk.
Tom became very embarrassed.
Tom became very excited.
Tom became very famous quickly.
Tom became very famous very quickly.
Tom became very famous.
Tom became very fat.
Tom became very frightened.
Tom became very frustrated.
Tom became very good at it.
Tom became very groggy.
Tom became very grouchy.
Tom became very grumpy.
Tom became very hot.
Tom became very hungry.
Tom became very ill.
Tom became very impatient.
Tom became very interested in archaeology.
Tom became very intoxicated.
Tom became very irate.
Tom became very irritated.
Tom became very jealous.
Tom became very lonely.
Tom became very lost.
Tom became very mad.
Tom became very nervous.
Tom became very popular.
Tom became very puzzled.
Tom became very rich.
Tom became very scared.
Tom became very sick and almost died.
Tom became very sick.
Tom became very skeptical.
Tom became very sleepy.
Tom became very suspicious.
Tom became very talkative.
Tom became very tense.
Tom became very thirsty.
Tom became very tipsy.
Tom became very tired.
Tom became very uncooperative.
Tom became very upset.
Tom became very weak.
Tom became very wealthy.
Tom became very worried.
Tom became violent.
Tom became violently ill after eating the dinner that Mary had prepared him.
Tom became violently ill.
Tom became wary.
Tom became weak.
Tom became wiser as he grew older.
Tom became withdrawn.
Tom became world famous.
Tom became worried after he read Mary's letter.
Tom became worried when he read Mary's message.
Tom beckoned Mary.
Tom beckoned me to come in.
Tom beckoned me to follow him.
Tom becomes a cat when he gets drunk.
Tom becomes bored easily.
Tom becomes bored very easily.
Tom becomes nervous whenever he has to speak in public.
Tom beeped the horn.
Tom befriended Mary.
Tom befriended Vladimir.
Tom befriended a girl named Mary.
Tom befriended a pack of wolves.
Tom began a new life.
Tom began a water fast.
Tom began again.
Tom began asking me questions.
Tom began attacking me for no reason.
Tom began attacking me.
Tom began attending AA meetings regularly.
Tom began binge drinking.
Tom began chain-smoking after the death of Mary's cat.
Tom began chanting.
Tom began climbing the ladder.
Tom began confessing.
Tom began coughing up blood.
Tom began coughing.
Tom began crying.
Tom began dancing.
Tom began dating Mary about three months ago.
Tom began dialing 911.
Tom began dialysis in October 2013.
Tom began doing drugs when he was a teenager.
Tom began doing that at an early age.
Tom began doing that last month.
Tom began doing that three weeks ago.
Tom began doing that three years ago.
Tom began doing that when he was living in Australia.
Tom began doing that when he was living in Boston.
Tom began doing that when he was thirteen.
Tom began doing that when he was very young.
Tom began drinking heavily after his wife died.
Tom began driving home just before sunup.
Tom began eating.
Tom began fixing dinner.
Tom began fixing himself a drink.
Tom began flirting with Mary.
Tom began gasping.
Tom began hesitantly.
Tom began his shift at noon.
Tom began his speech with a joke.
Tom began hitting me for no reason.
Tom began laughing out loud.
Tom began laughing too.
Tom began laughing, too.
Tom began laughing.
Tom began living by himself at the age of sixteen.
Tom began looking around.
Tom began overeating due to stress and quickly gained five pounds.
Tom began pacing.
Tom began peeling the carrots.
Tom began peeling the potatoes.
Tom began performing in the 2013.
Tom began playing the drums when he was thirteen.
Tom began playing the violin when he was thirteen.
Tom began practicing law in 2013.
Tom began praying.
Tom began putting on his shoes.
Tom began reading that book three weeks ago and he still has only read less than half of it.
Tom began running.
Tom began screaming at Mary in French.
Tom began screaming in pain.
Tom began screaming.
Tom began sending letters to Mary.
Tom began shouting.
Tom began singing, and everybody else joined in.
Tom began singing, and everyone else joined in.
Tom began singing.
Tom began skating when he was thirteen years old.
Tom began speaking in French.
Tom began speaking in tongues.
Tom began spending time with Mary.
Tom began studying French a few months ago.
Tom began studying French three months ago.
Tom began taking piano lessons three years ago.
Tom began talking about what he did for a living.
Tom began talking immediately.
Tom began talking.
Tom began teaching Mary French three years ago.
Tom began thinking about the future.
Tom began threatening Mary.
Tom began to apologize.
Tom began to beat Mary.
Tom began to beat his daughter.
Tom began to beat his son.
Tom began to beat the children.
Tom began to behave erratically.
Tom began to believe he'd never be able to walk again.
Tom began to believe that he'd never be able to walk again.
Tom began to believe that he’d never be able to walk again.
Tom began to blush.
Tom began to breathe heavily.
Tom began to brush his teeth.
Tom began to button up his shirt.
Tom began to carve the turkey.
Tom began to choke.
Tom began to cough violently.
Tom began to cry again.
Tom began to cry hysterically.
Tom began to cry loudly.
Tom began to cry.
Tom began to dance.
Tom began to date Mary sometime last year.
Tom began to dig as fast as he could.
Tom began to dig.
Tom began to do that just a few weeks ago.
Tom began to do that three years ago.
Tom began to do that when he was very young.
Tom began to doze off again.
Tom began to drink.
Tom began to drive.
Tom began to eat his breakfast.
Tom began to eat his sandwich.
Tom began to eat lunch.
Tom began to eat.
Tom began to experience remorse for his actions during the war.
Tom began to fear the worst.
Tom began to feel a little guilty.
Tom began to feel afraid.
Tom began to feel better.
Tom began to feel faint.
Tom began to feel hot under the collar.
Tom began to feel hungry.
Tom began to feel sick.
Tom began to feel sleepy.
Tom began to feel sorry for Mary.
Tom began to feel tired.
Tom began to feel uneasy.
Tom began to frantically press the "escape" key.
Tom began to get angry.
Tom began to get downhearted.
Tom began to get upset.
Tom began to get very angry.
Tom began to get very hungry.
Tom began to get very tired.
Tom began to get very upset.
Tom began to have second thoughts.
Tom began to hit me for no reason.
Tom began to investigate.
Tom began to kiss Mary.
Tom began to lapse in and out of consciousness.
Tom began to laugh hysterically.
Tom began to laugh.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
Tom began to learn French.
Tom began to leave.
Tom began to light the candles on the table.
Tom began to like Mary more and more.
Tom began to look for a job three months before he graduated from college.
Tom began to look into the matter.
Tom began to look into the problem as soon as Mary brought it to his attention.
Tom began to make excuses.
Tom began to make his way toward the exit.
Tom began to miss Mary half-way, and turned back.
Tom began to move.
Tom began to notice that Mary was eating less.
Tom began to open the present from Mary.
Tom began to open the present that Mary had given him.
Tom began to open the present.
Tom began to panic.
Tom began to perspire.
Tom began to play a tune on the piano.
Tom began to play on the piano.
Tom began to play something on the piano.
Tom began to pour wine into the glasses.
Tom began to pray.
Tom began to press for change.
Tom began to pull on his jeans.
Tom began to question Mary's sanity.
Tom began to question his own sanity.
Tom began to read the letter.
Tom began to read.
Tom began to realize Mary was lying.
Tom began to realize that Mary was lying.
Tom began to really enjoy jogging after a few days.
Tom began to relax.
Tom began to remove his gloves.
Tom began to run faster.
Tom began to run.
Tom began to say something.
Tom began to scream.
Tom began to search the house.
Tom began to shiver uncontrollably.
Tom began to shiver violently.
Tom began to shoot at the police car.
Tom began to shoot.
Tom began to shout at his TV.
Tom began to shout.
Tom began to show symptoms of vicarious trauma from his work with refugees.
Tom began to sing "Happy Birthday" and the entire restaurant joined in.
Tom began to sing "Happy Birthday."
Tom began to sing a really sad song.
Tom began to sing and we all joined in.
Tom began to sing his favorite song and Mary harmonized with him.
Tom began to sing.
Tom began to sniff.
Tom began to snore.
Tom began to sob.
Tom began to speak.
Tom began to sprint.
Tom began to stammer.
Tom began to study French in elementary school.
Tom began to study French just last year.
Tom began to study French last year.
Tom began to study French when he was thirteen years old.
Tom began to study French when he was thirteen.
Tom began to study karate when he was still in junior high school.
Tom began to study philosophy in Kabyle.
Tom began to stutter.
Tom began to suspect Mary was lying to him.
Tom began to suspect Mary was planning a surprise birthday party.
Tom began to suspect Mary would leave him.
Tom began to suspect something was wrong.
Tom began to suspect something wasn't quite right.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was being unfaithful.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was cheating on him.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was lying to him.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was planning a surprise birthday party.
Tom began to suspect that Mary would leave him.
Tom began to suspect that something was wrong.
Tom began to suspect that something wasn't quite right.
Tom began to sweat like a pig.
Tom began to sweat.
Tom began to talk as soon as Mary was out of earshot.
Tom began to talk fast.
Tom began to talk in French.
Tom began to talk.
Tom began to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom began to tell Mary exactly what had happened.
Tom began to tell Mary his plans.
Tom began to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom began to think about the reasons why scholars are so divided on this issue.
Tom began to tickle Mary.
Tom began to try to lose weight a few months ago.
Tom began to turn the pages more quickly.
Tom began to understand.
Tom began to undress, but then noticed that the curtain was open, so he went over to close it.
Tom began to undress.
Tom began to walk down the stairs.
Tom began to whip Mary.
Tom began to whistle a tune.
Tom began to whistle to himself.
Tom began to wish he were dead.
Tom began to wonder how Mary always seemed to know where he'd been.
Tom began to wonder how Mary always seemed to know where he’d been.
Tom began to wonder who Mary had learned French from.
Tom began to work before sunrise.
Tom began to work for our company three years ago.
Tom began to work.
Tom began to worry about Mary.
Tom began to worry about how he was going to pay for his son's education.
Tom began to worry about how he was going to pay for his son’s education.
Tom began to worry about how he would pay for his son's education.
Tom began to worry he'd never get his car back.
Tom began to worry that he'd never get his car back.
Tom began to worry.
Tom began to write poems when he was very young.
Tom began to write.
Tom began to yell at Mary.
Tom began to yell at his mother.
Tom began trombone lessons when he was twelve years old.
Tom began trying to break down the door.
Tom began unzipping his jacket.
Tom began walking everywhere in the town every day.
Tom began walking toward them.
Tom began wearing glasses when he was three.
Tom began whistling a tune.
Tom began working as a volunteer at the homeless shelter while he was still in high school.
Tom began working for our company last year.
Tom began working part-time at a supermarket.
Tom began working part-time at the gym.
Tom began working.
Tom began writing poems when he was very young.
Tom began writing poetry when he was thirteen.
Tom began writing songs when he was thirteen.
Tom began yelling as loudly as he could.
Tom began yelling at the top of his lungs.
Tom began yelling loudly.
Tom began yelling, hoping to attract attention.
Tom began yelling.
Tom began.
Tom begged Mary for a second chance, but she gave him short shrift.
Tom begged Mary for a second chance, but she gave him the cold shoulder.
Tom begged Mary for a second chance, but she rebuffed him coldly.
Tom begged Mary for a second chance.
Tom begged Mary for another chance.
Tom begged Mary for forgiveness.
Tom begged Mary for help.
Tom begged Mary for mercy.
Tom begged Mary not to do that.
Tom begged Mary not to go.
Tom begged Mary not to kill his dog.
Tom begged Mary not to leave.
Tom begged Mary not to lie anymore.
Tom begged Mary not to say anything to his parents.
Tom begged Mary not to say anything.
Tom begged Mary not to shoot him.
Tom begged Mary not to tell John about what had happened.
Tom begged Mary not to tell John what he did.
Tom begged Mary not to tell John where he lived.
Tom begged Mary not to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom begged Mary to come back home.
Tom begged Mary to come home.
Tom begged Mary to do that.
Tom begged Mary to forgive him.
Tom begged Mary to give him another chance.
Tom begged Mary to give him one more chance.
Tom begged Mary to help him do that.
Tom begged Mary to help him.
Tom begged Mary to keep it secret.
Tom begged Mary to let him go.
Tom begged Mary to slow down.
Tom begged Mary to stay longer.
Tom begged Mary to stay with him.
Tom begged Mary to stay.
Tom begged Mary to stop crying.
Tom begged Mary to stop doing that.
Tom begged Mary to stop doing what she was doing.
Tom begged Mary to wait until Monday.
Tom begged for Maria's forgiveness.
Tom begged for food.
Tom begged for forgiveness.
Tom begged for his life.
Tom begged for mercy.
Tom begged for money.
Tom begged for something to eat.
Tom begged his father for a dog.
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.
Tom begged his mother for money.
Tom begged his parents to let him go to Boston.
Tom begged his parents to take him to Boston.
Tom begged me not to do that.
Tom begged me not to hurt Mary.
Tom begged me not to hurt him.
Tom begged me to come.
Tom begged me to do it.
Tom begged me to do that carefully.
Tom begged me to do that.
Tom begged me to forgive him.
Tom begged me to go with Mary.
Tom begged me to go with him.
Tom begged me to help Mary.
Tom begged me to help him do it.
Tom begged me to help him do that.
Tom begged me to help him.
Tom begged me to leave.
Tom begged me to let him go home early.
Tom begged me to let him in.
Tom begged me to sing.
Tom begged me to stay.
Tom begged me to take the job.
Tom begged me to teach him French.
Tom begged me to wait.
Tom begged the judge for leniency.
Tom begged them not to go there.
Tom begged us to be patient.
Tom begged us to come.
Tom begged us to go with Mary.
Tom begged us to help Mary.
Tom begged us to let Mary stay with us.
Tom begged us to show Mary how to do that.
Tom begged us to stay.
Tom begged us to take Mary with us.
Tom begins his shift at noon.
Tom begins his trip.
Tom begrudgingly accepted.
Tom begrudgingly agreed.
Tom behaved as if he were insane.
Tom behaved as if nothing had happened.
Tom behaved badly.
Tom behaved defiantly.
Tom behaved exceptionally well.
Tom behaved foolishly.
Tom behaved himself.
Tom behaved inappropriately.
Tom behaved like a child.
Tom behaved like a gentleman.
Tom behaved like a lunatic.
Tom behaved like a man.
Tom behaved like a monster.
Tom behaved like a spoiled child.
Tom behaved like he was afraid.
Tom behaved like he was happy, but deep inside, he was very sad.
Tom behaved quite badly.
Tom behaved quite foolishly.
Tom behaved rudely.
Tom behaved strangely.
Tom behaved unprofessionally.
Tom behaved very arrogantly.
Tom behaved very badly.
Tom behaved well.
Tom behaves like a child.
Tom behaves obligingly to prove his adequacy.
Tom belched.
Tom believed Mary could win.
Tom believed Mary was crazy.
Tom believed Mary was dead.
Tom believed Mary was innocent.
Tom believed Mary was safe.
Tom believed Mary was telepathic.
Tom believed Mary when she said she loved him.
Tom believed Mary would leave.
Tom believed Mary would win.
Tom believed Mary.
Tom believed every word Mary said.
Tom believed everything I told him.
Tom believed everything Mary said.
Tom believed everything Mary told him.
Tom believed everything that Mary said.
Tom believed everything that Mary told him.
Tom believed everything was going to be OK.
Tom believed he could actually predict the future.
Tom believed he could win.
Tom believed in Mary's innocence.
Tom believed in magic when he was a boy.
Tom believed in me, and I am grateful to him.
Tom believed in me.
Tom believed it all.
Tom believed it.
Tom believed me.
Tom believed nothing bad could happen to him.
Tom believed that John was his brother.
Tom believed that Mary could do that.
Tom believed that Mary could win.
Tom believed that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom believed that Mary was alive.
Tom believed that Mary was dead.
Tom believed that Mary was innocent.
Tom believed that Mary was personally responsible for the death of his father.
Tom believed that Mary was safe.
Tom believed that Mary was telepathic.
Tom believed that Mary was trying to discredit him.
Tom believed that Mary worked at hospital.
Tom believed that Mary would do that.
Tom believed that Mary would win.
Tom believed that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom believed that he could do that.
Tom believed that he could win.
Tom believed that he would win the race.
Tom believed that nothing bad could happen to him.
Tom believed that that was going to happen.
Tom believed that the people in that small village were cannibals.
Tom believed that the priestess's prayers had healed him.
Tom believed that was going to happen.
Tom believed that what Mary told him was true.
Tom believed the people in that small village were cannibals.
Tom believed the story that Mary told him.
Tom believed them.
Tom believed us.
Tom believed what Mary said.
Tom believed what Mary told him was true.
Tom believed what Mary told him.
Tom believed you.
Tom believes God exists.
Tom believes Mary can do that.
Tom believes Mary can take care of herself.
Tom believes Mary can win.
Tom believes Mary has psychic abilities.
Tom believes Mary is innocent.
Tom believes Mary is lying.
Tom believes Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom believes Mary is wrong.
Tom believes Mary killed John.
Tom believes Mary killed herself.
Tom believes Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom believes Mary made the right choice.
Tom believes Mary made the right decision.
Tom believes Mary was murdered.
Tom believes Mary will do that.
Tom believes Mary will do well in her new job.
Tom believes Mary will win.
Tom believes Mary.
Tom believes all men are created equal.
Tom believes anything is possible.
Tom believes beauty is about balance and well-being.
Tom believes doing that would be a mistake.
Tom believes every garden should contribute to the ecosystem.
Tom believes every time he's an asshole, he's being an asshole to Jesus.
Tom believes every word I say.
Tom believes everything I say.
Tom believes everything Mary says.
Tom believes everything Mary tells him.
Tom believes everything that Mary says.
Tom believes everything that Mary tells him.
Tom believes getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
Tom believes ghosts exist.
Tom believes he can do that.
Tom believes he can prove it.
Tom believes he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom believes he can take care of himself.
Tom believes he can win.
Tom believes he could do that.
Tom believes he has a very low carbon footprint.
Tom believes he knows everything.
Tom believes he knows the exact personality disorder that each of his exes was suffering from.
Tom believes he knows what he's doing, but clearly he doesn't.
Tom believes he's irredeemably bad.
Tom believes he's ready.
Tom believes he's right.
Tom believes he's the Messiah.
Tom believes he's the wisest person on Earth.
Tom believes heaven has a beer volcano and a factory producing strippers.
Tom believes him.
Tom believes his ancestor was a Goth.
Tom believes his cause is just, but he's not making honest arguments.
Tom believes his life is in danger.
Tom believes his son is still alive.
Tom believes in Allah.
Tom believes in Feng Shui.
Tom believes in God.
Tom believes in QAnon.
Tom believes in UFOs and alien abductions.
Tom believes in a patriarchal society.
Tom believes in chemtrails.
Tom believes in conspiracy theories.
Tom believes in demons, but not God.
Tom believes in demons.
Tom believes in equality between women and men.
Tom believes in fairies.
Tom believes in giving people second chances.
Tom believes in life after birth.
Tom believes in life after death.
Tom believes in magic.
Tom believes in nothing.
Tom believes in paranormal phenomena.
Tom believes in precognition.
Tom believes in protecting the natural world for future generations.
Tom believes in reincarnation.
Tom believes in strange things.
Tom believes in taking care of his health daily.
Tom believes in the ancient Greek gods.
Tom believes in the existence of God.
Tom believes in the existence of ghosts.
Tom believes in the existence of the soul.
Tom believes in the lizard people.
Tom believes in the supernatural.
Tom believes in traditional gender roles.
Tom believes in vampires.
Tom believes in you.
Tom believes it won't come to that.
Tom believes it's absolutely necessary to drink at least a liter of water every day.
Tom believes it's more likely than we think.
Tom believes it's simpler than that.
Tom believes it.
Tom believes it’s absolutely necessary to drink at least a liter of water every day.
Tom believes life exists on other planets.
Tom believes me.
Tom believes otherwise.
Tom believes suicide is wrong.
Tom believes that Earth is hollow.
Tom believes that God exists.
Tom believes that Mary can do that.
Tom believes that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom believes that Mary can win.
Tom believes that Mary has psychic abilities.
Tom believes that Mary is his best friend.
Tom believes that Mary is innocent.
Tom believes that Mary is lying.
Tom believes that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom believes that Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father’s Stradivarius.
Tom believes that Mary was murdered.
Tom believes that Mary will do well in her new job.
Tom believes that Yankev conspires against him every night with Beyle and Borekh.
Tom believes that all men are created equal.
Tom believes that as long as you speak English, you'll have no problems going anywhere in the world.
Tom believes that asking questions is the key to deeper understanding.
Tom believes that beauty starts with health.
Tom believes that because of Eve God will punish all women and send them straight to Hell.
Tom believes that by teaching Mary, he solidifies his own understanding.
Tom believes that everything that Mary does is pointless.
Tom believes that getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
Tom believes that getting married to Mary was the best thing he’s ever done.
Tom believes that ghosts exist.
Tom believes that having discussions with Mary deepens his understanding.
Tom believes that he can do that.
Tom believes that he can heal himself.
Tom believes that he can prove it.
Tom believes that he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom believes that he can take care of himself.
Tom believes that he can win.
Tom believes that he has a very low carbon footprint.
Tom believes that he has been physically touched by a ghost.
Tom believes that he knows everything.
Tom believes that he will achieve the aim.
Tom believes that his family is secured enough.
Tom believes that it won't come to that.
Tom believes that it's simpler than that.
Tom believes that knowledge should never be kept to oneself.
Tom believes that law and order must be maintained at all costs.
Tom believes that learning together strengthens their relationship.
Tom believes that life exists on other planets.
Tom believes that men should rule over women.
Tom believes that nobody will find him here.
Tom believes that people deliberately put obstacles in his way.
Tom believes that protecting the earth is a shared responsibility.
Tom believes that shape-shifting reptilians secretly control the world.
Tom believes that small changes in the garden can make a big difference.
Tom believes that spanking children is quite acceptable, and even useful.
Tom believes that spirits reside within words.
Tom believes that suicide is wrong.
Tom believes that that would be wrong.
Tom believes that that's correct.
Tom believes that that's true.
Tom believes that the Earth is flat.
Tom believes that the Earth will be destroyed by fire.
Tom believes that the day will come when there'll be no more wars.
Tom believes that the death penalty should be abolished.
Tom believes that the government wants to hide the truth about aliens.
Tom believes that the moon landings were faked.
Tom believes that the rapture is going to happen any day now.
Tom believes that the rich deserve to be rich and that the poor deserve to be poor.
Tom believes that the stars control our futures.
Tom believes that the system is broken.
Tom believes that the universe really has eleven dimensions.
Tom believes that there are good and evil demons.
Tom believes that there is a time and a place for everything.
Tom believes that there will be a big blackout soon.
Tom believes that these quartz crystals have healing powers.
Tom believes that unicorns are real.
Tom believes that what he said is true.
Tom believes that words carry a spiritual force that can alter reality.
Tom believes that would be wrong.
Tom believes that's correct.
Tom believes that's true.
Tom believes that.
Tom believes the day will come when there will be no more wars.
Tom believes the death penalty should be abolished.
Tom believes the government wants to hide the truth about aliens.
Tom believes the moon landings were faked.
Tom believes the philosophy of Ayn Rand is truly objective.
Tom believes the system is broken.
Tom believes there is a time and a place for everything.
Tom believes these quartz crystals have healing powers.
Tom believes unicorns are real.
Tom believes we can do that.
Tom believes we can win.
Tom believes what he said is true.
Tom believes whatever I say.
Tom believes whatever Mary says.
Tom believes whatever Mary tells him.
Tom believes you have something to do with it.
Tom believes you.
Tom belittled Mary.
Tom belonged to a religious order.
Tom belonged to a small cohort of five people.
Tom belongs at home.
Tom belongs behind bars.
Tom belongs here with us.
Tom belongs here.
Tom belongs in jail.
Tom belongs in prison.
Tom belongs to a large family.
Tom belongs to a secret society.
Tom belongs to the postwar generation.
Tom belongs to the soccer club.
Tom belongs to the swim club.
Tom belongs to the tennis club.
Tom belongs to the upper class.
Tom belongs to two professional groups.
Tom belongs to us.
Tom belongs with John and Mary.
Tom belongs with us.
Tom bends over backwards to make Mary happy.
Tom bends over backwards to please Mary.
Tom bent down and hugged Mary.
Tom bent down and kissed Mary's cheek.
Tom bent down and kissed Mary.
Tom bent down and kissed his mother.
Tom bent down and kissed me.
Tom bent down and looked under the bed.
Tom bent down and picked something up.
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.
Tom bent down and picked up a stone.
Tom bent down and picked up the ball.
Tom bent down and picked up the coin.
Tom bent down and picked up the money he saw on the ground.
Tom bent down and picked up the pen that he'd dropped.
Tom bent down and pretended to be tying one of his shoes.
Tom bent down and scooped up some sand.
Tom bent down and touched his toes.
Tom bent down to get a closer look at the flower.
Tom bent down to kiss Mary's cheek.
Tom bent down to look under the table.
Tom bent down to pet his dog.
Tom bent down to pick it up.
Tom bent down to pick up a stone.
Tom bent down to pick up something off the floor.
Tom bent down to scratch the dog behind the ear.
Tom bent down to take a picture of the flower.
Tom bent down to tie his shoe.
Tom bent down.
Tom bent forward.
Tom bent it out of shape.
Tom bent over Mary and kissed her.
Tom bent over Mary's corpse.
Tom bent over and picked the coin up.
Tom bent over and touched his toes.
Tom bent over and tried to touch his toes.
Tom bent over backwards to get a raise.
Tom bent over backwards to please Mary.
Tom bent over in pain.
Tom bent over to pick something up.
Tom bent over to pick up a coin that was on the floor.
Tom bent over to tie his shoe.
Tom bent over to tie his shoes.
Tom bequeathed his whole property to Vladimir.
Tom berated Mary.
Tom berated me.
Tom bet $300 on the fight.
Tom bet $300 on the game.
Tom bet $300 on the race.
Tom bet Mary dinner that it doesn't rain this week.
Tom bet Mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that I wouldn't do this.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would be late.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would do that.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would kiss Alice.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John wouldn't do that.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that he could do that.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that she couldn't do that.
Tom bet me I couldn't do that.
Tom bet me I couldn't win.
Tom bet me Mary would be late.
Tom bet me Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom bet me Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom bet me Mary wouldn't win.
Tom bet me fifty dollars that he could eat more hot dogs than I could.
Tom bet me thirty dollars Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I couldn't do it.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I couldn't do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I wouldn't do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I wouldn't eat this.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary could do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary would be late.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary would do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that he could do that.
Tom bet on the wrong horse.
Tom betrayed Mary's trust.
Tom betrayed Mary.
Tom betrayed Mary’s trust.
Tom betrayed all of us.
Tom betrayed everybody.
Tom betrayed his best friend.
Tom betrayed his country.
Tom betrayed his friends.
Tom betrayed his own brother.
Tom betrayed his unit and joined rebels.
Tom betrayed me.
Tom betrayed my confidence.
Tom betrayed our trust.
Tom betrayed us all.
Tom betrayed us.
Tom betrayed you.
Tom bets on horses.
Tom bettered himself.
Tom bid Mary adieu.
Tom biked 30 km to the store to buy strawberries for his pregnant wife.
Tom biked home.
Tom bikes to school.
Tom bikes to work every day.
Tom bikes to work.
Tom binge watched the whole series yesterday.
Tom binge-watched all weekend.
Tom bit Mary.
Tom bit his bottom lip.
Tom bit his lip and said nothing in reply.
Tom bit his lip, saying nothing in reply.
Tom bit his lip.
Tom bit his lower lip.
Tom bit his tongue while he was talking.
Tom bit his tongue while his political adversary lied to and about him.
Tom bit into the apple.
Tom bit into the flapjack, and oat flakes fell on to his coat.
Tom bit me.
Tom bit my nose off.
Tom bit off more than he could chew.
Tom bites his nails.
Tom blacked out.
Tom blackmailed Mary.
Tom blackmailed me.
Tom blamed Mary even though it wasn't her fault.
Tom blamed Mary for all his problems.
Tom blamed Mary for all their problems.
Tom blamed Mary for everything that went wrong.
Tom blamed Mary for everything.
Tom blamed Mary for that.
Tom blamed Mary for the accident that killed their son.
Tom blamed Mary for the problem.
Tom blamed Mary for the project's failure.
Tom blamed Mary for the project’s failure.
Tom blamed Mary for what happened.
Tom blamed Mary for what went wrong.
Tom blamed Mary instead of himself.
Tom blamed Mary.
Tom blamed all his misery on planned obsolescence.
Tom blamed everybody except himself.
Tom blamed everybody for his problems.
Tom blamed everyone except himself.
Tom blamed everyone for his problems.
Tom blamed everything on Mary.
Tom blamed everything on me.
Tom blamed himself because things didn't work out.
Tom blamed himself for Mary's death.
Tom blamed himself for Mary’s death.
Tom blamed himself for not acting sooner.
Tom blamed himself for what happened.
Tom blamed himself.
Tom blamed his delay on the weather.
Tom blamed his failure on Mary.
Tom blamed his failure on bad luck.
Tom blamed his mother for his problems.
Tom blamed his parents for not raising him well.
Tom blamed his parents.
Tom blamed it all on Mary.
Tom blamed it on Mary.
Tom blamed it on me.
Tom blamed me for everything.
Tom blamed me for his mistakes.
Tom blamed me for the accident.
Tom blamed me for the mistake.
Tom blamed me.
Tom blamed the accident on Mary.
Tom blamed the accident on me.
Tom blamed the failure on Mary.
Tom blamed the problem on Mary.
Tom blamed the teacher for his failure.
Tom blames Mary for John's death.
Tom blames Mary for all of his problems.
Tom blames Mary for destroying his life. In reality, he destroyed it himself.
Tom blames Mary for everything.
Tom blames Mary for his mistakes.
Tom blames Mary.
Tom blames himself for John's suicide.
Tom blames himself for what happened to Mary.
Tom blames his failure on bad luck.
Tom blames me for everything.
Tom blames us.
Tom blames you for everything.
Tom blames you for the death of his wife.
Tom blathered on about God and the Bible.
Tom blathered on and on.
Tom blazed the ball over the bar.
Tom bleached his hair yesterday.
Tom bleached his hair.
Tom bled hard.
Tom bled to death before the ambulance arrived.
Tom bled to death.
Tom blew Mary a kiss, got into his car and drove away.
Tom blew Mary a kiss.
Tom blew a fuse.
Tom blew a raspberry at Mary and ran away.
Tom blew a raspberry.
Tom blew all his money gambling on horses.
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle.
Tom blew all his money on a sports car.
Tom blew all his money on that.
Tom blew all his money.
Tom blew himself up accidentally.
Tom blew himself up.
Tom blew his brains out.
Tom blew his fuse.
Tom blew his hair dry.
Tom blew his head off with a shotgun.
Tom blew his lines.
Tom blew his nose in a handkerchief.
Tom blew his nose into his napkin.
Tom blew his nose loudly during the lecture, and everyone turned to look at him.
Tom blew his nose loudly during the oboe solo.
Tom blew his nose loudly.
Tom blew his nose.
Tom blew his top when he heard that Mary had gone out with John.
Tom blew his top.
Tom blew it.
Tom blew me away tonight.
Tom blew me off.
Tom blew most of his money gambling on horses.
Tom blew on his fingertips.
Tom blew on his hands and rubbed them together trying to warm them up.
Tom blew on his hands to warm them up.
Tom blew on his hands to warm them.
Tom blew on me.
Tom blew on the embers, hoping to get the fire restarted.
Tom blew on the pizza to cool it down.
Tom blew out all the candles on his birthday cake.
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.
Tom blew out his candle.
Tom blew out his knee.
Tom blew out the candle.
Tom blew out the candles and made a wish.
Tom blew out the candles on his birthday cake.
Tom blew out the candles on the cake.
Tom blew out the candles.
Tom blew out the match.
Tom blew past the unmarked police car going 20 miles per hour over the speed limit.
Tom blew smoke in Mary's face.
Tom blew smoke in my face.
Tom blew soap bubbles.
Tom blew that opportunity.
Tom blew the balloon up.
Tom blew the balloons up.
Tom blew the beach ball up.
Tom blew the candles out.
Tom blew the deal.
Tom blew the match out.
Tom blew up a balloon and gave it to Mary.
Tom blew up all of these balloons.
Tom blew up the balloon.
Tom blew up the balloons and gave them to his children.
Tom blew up the balloons and gave them to his kids.
Tom blew up the balloons.
Tom blew up the beach ball.
Tom blew up the bridge.
Tom blindfolded Mary.
Tom blindly trusted Mary.
Tom blinked again.
Tom blinked his eyes.
Tom blinked several times.
Tom blinked.
Tom blocked Mary's first punch but not her second.
Tom blocked Mary's phone number.
Tom blocked Mary's punch and kicked her again.
Tom blocked Mary's punch, then slapped her with his right hand.
Tom blocked Mary's way and wouldn't let her enter the room.
Tom blocked Mary.
Tom blocked Mary’s punch, then slapped her with his right hand.
Tom blocked Mary’s way and wouldn’t let her enter the room.
Tom blocked everything.
Tom blocked me because he thought I was ignoring him.
Tom blocked me for that.
Tom blocked me.
Tom blocked my shot.
Tom blocked my way.
Tom blocked the ball.
Tom blocked the door with some heavy crates.
Tom blocked the door.
Tom blocked the hole with a rag.
Tom blocked the intersection.
Tom blow-dried his hair.
Tom bludgeoned Mary to death.
Tom bludgeoned Mary.
Tom bluffs a lot.
Tom blundered his queen.
Tom blushed a little and changed the subject.
Tom blushed a little.
Tom blushed again.
Tom blushed and Mary blushed back.
Tom blushed and turned away.
Tom blushed as Mary sat down next to him.
Tom blushed at his foolish mistake.
Tom blushed at seeing Mary naked.
Tom blushed at the thought.
Tom blushed back.
Tom blushed because John was looking at him.
Tom blushed because Mary was looking at him.
Tom blushed even more.
Tom blushed like a schoolgirl.
Tom blushed on seeing Mary naked.
Tom blushed slightly.
Tom blushed when Martin looked at him.
Tom blushed when Mary gave him a kiss.
Tom blushed when Mary kissed him.
Tom blushed when Mary looked at him.
Tom blushed when Mary praised him.
Tom blushed when Mary smiled at him.
Tom blushed when he saw Mary looking at him.
Tom blushed when he saw Mary naked.
Tom blushed with shame.
Tom blushed.
Tom boarded a bus bound for Boston.
Tom boarded a train bound for Boston.
Tom boarded a train bound for Tokyo.
Tom boarded the aeroplane.
Tom boarded the airplane.
Tom boarded the bus.
Tom boarded the plane bound for Boston.
Tom boarded the plane.
Tom boarded the ship along with his three children.
Tom boarded the ship.
Tom boarded the train.
Tom boarded up his windows.
Tom boasts of never having been defeated in a horse race.
Tom bodged it.
Tom boiled a dozen eggs.
Tom boiled an egg for breakfast.
Tom boiled an egg.
Tom boiled himself an egg.
Tom boiled me some eggs.
Tom boiled some eggs for breakfast.
Tom boiled some eggs on the rocket stove that he had just built.
Tom boiled some eggs.
Tom boiled some water.
Tom boiled the eggs.
Tom boiled the hell out of those carrots.
Tom boiled the potatoes.
Tom boiled the well water so it would be safe to drink.
Tom bolted the door.
Tom bombarded Mary with questions.
Tom booked a cruise for the Caribbean.
Tom booked a reservation at the restaurant through OpenTable.
Tom booked a room at the hotel.
Tom booked a room for me at a hotel near his house.
Tom booked a room for me at a hotel near where he lived.
Tom booked a room.
Tom booked a sailing tour around the island.
Tom booked a seat.
Tom booked a table at a Japanese restaurant.
Tom booked a table at a posh restaurant.
Tom booked an appointment for Mary.
Tom booked an appointment for himself.
Tom booked everything: it will be a wonderful party.
Tom booked himself a sea cruise.
Tom booked two seats in the first row at the theater.
Tom bookmarked his favorite website.
Tom booped my nose.
Tom bore an uncanny resemblance to Abraham Lincoln.
Tom bore the pain stoically.
Tom bored Mary.
Tom bored the guests with a long speech.
Tom bores Mary.
Tom bores me.
Tom borrowed $300 from Mary.
Tom borrowed Mary's French dictionary.
Tom borrowed Mary's car over the weekend.
Tom borrowed Mary's car.
Tom borrowed Mary's pencil.
Tom borrowed Mary's phone to call John.
Tom borrowed Mary's umbrella.
Tom borrowed a book from Mary.
Tom borrowed a book from the library.
Tom borrowed a car from a friend.
Tom borrowed a car.
Tom borrowed a dictionary from the library.
Tom borrowed a flashlight from Mary.
Tom borrowed a gun from Mary.
Tom borrowed a hammer from his neighbor.
Tom borrowed a ladder from his neighbor.
Tom borrowed a large amount of money from Mary.
Tom borrowed a lot of money from the bank.
Tom borrowed a pair of gloves from Mary.
Tom borrowed a pair of pruning shears from Mary.
Tom borrowed a pair of scissors from Mary.
Tom borrowed a pair of sunglasses for Mary.
Tom borrowed a pair of sunglasses from Mary.
Tom borrowed a pen from Mary.
Tom borrowed a pencil from Mary.
Tom borrowed a videogame from a friend.
Tom borrowed an umbrella from Mary.
Tom borrowed mine.
Tom borrowed money from Mary's father.
Tom borrowed money from Mary.
Tom borrowed money from a loan shark.
Tom borrowed money from his family.
Tom borrowed money from me.
Tom borrowed money from someone.
Tom borrowed money from the bank.
Tom borrowed money to go to college.
Tom borrowed my bike.
Tom borrowed my car without asking.
Tom borrowed my car.
Tom borrowed my eraser.
Tom borrowed my rake.
Tom borrowed my ruler.
Tom borrowed my umbrella.
Tom borrowed some books from Mary.
Tom borrowed some books from the bookstore to read over the weekend.
Tom borrowed some books from the library to read over the weekend.
Tom borrowed some books from the library.
Tom borrowed some money from Mary.
Tom borrowed some money from me.
Tom borrowed some money from us.
Tom borrowed some money.
Tom borrowed that book from the library.
Tom borrowed the book from Mary.
Tom borrowed the book from the school library.
Tom borrowed thirty bucks from Mary.
Tom borrowed thirty dollars from Mary to buy John a birthday present.
Tom borrowed thirty dollars from Mary.
Tom borrowed this lawnmower from his neighbor.
Tom borrowed three books from Mary.
Tom borrowed three books from me last week.
Tom borrowed three books from the library.
Tom borrowed three hundred bucks from me.
Tom borrowed three hundred dollars from me.
Tom borrowed three hundred dollars three months ago.
Tom borrowed three thousand dollars from Mary.
Tom bosses everyone around.
Tom botched the job.
Tom bothered Mary.
Tom bothered me with a lot of questions.
Tom bothers Mary.
Tom bothers me.
Tom bottles up his emotions and they all come out when he gets drunk.
Tom bought $70 of alternative medicine, and then some.
Tom bought 200 bog rolls online.
Tom bought 30 gallons of gas.
Tom bought Chuck's Bar and Grill, but he didn't rename it.
Tom bought Mary a Christmas present.
Tom bought Mary a basket full of fruit.
Tom bought Mary a basket of fruit.
Tom bought Mary a basketful of fruit.
Tom bought Mary a beer.
Tom bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom bought Mary a blue scarf.
Tom bought Mary a book.
Tom bought Mary a bouquet of flowers.
Tom bought Mary a bouquet of roses.
Tom bought Mary a box of chocolates.
Tom bought Mary a box of cookies.
Tom bought Mary a bunch of roses.
Tom bought Mary a camera.
Tom bought Mary a car.
Tom bought Mary a clock to put on her wall.
Tom bought Mary a crocodile skin handbag.
Tom bought Mary a cubic zirconia engagement ring.
Tom bought Mary a diamond engagement ring.
Tom bought Mary a diamond necklace.
Tom bought Mary a diamond ring.
Tom bought Mary a dictionary.
Tom bought Mary a dog.
Tom bought Mary a dress.
Tom bought Mary a drink.
Tom bought Mary a fairly expensive camera.
Tom bought Mary a few drinks.
Tom bought Mary a flower.
Tom bought Mary a fur coat.
Tom bought Mary a gift.
Tom bought Mary a hat.
Tom bought Mary a little present.
Tom bought Mary a microscope.
Tom bought Mary a moissanite engagement ring.
Tom bought Mary a necklace.
Tom bought Mary a new car.
Tom bought Mary a new sewing machine and she taught him how to sew.
Tom bought Mary a nice Christmas present.
Tom bought Mary a nice camera.
Tom bought Mary a nice coat.
Tom bought Mary a nice present.
Tom bought Mary a pair of earrings.
Tom bought Mary a pearl necklace.
Tom bought Mary a present.
Tom bought Mary a puppy.
Tom bought Mary a purse for her birthday.
Tom bought Mary a ring.
Tom bought Mary a rose.
Tom bought Mary a scarf.
Tom bought Mary a shirt.
Tom bought Mary a small gift.
Tom bought Mary a teddy bear.
Tom bought Mary a ticket.
Tom bought Mary an amazing diamond ring.
Tom bought Mary an expensive bracelet.
Tom bought Mary an expensive necklace.
Tom bought Mary an expensive ring.
Tom bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
Tom bought Mary an expensive watch.
Tom bought Mary bangles when he was in India.
Tom bought Mary drinks all evening.
Tom bought Mary everything she asked for.
Tom bought Mary everything she asked him to buy.
Tom bought Mary everything she wanted.
Tom bought Mary flowers and a box of chocolates.
Tom bought Mary flowers and chocolate.
Tom bought Mary flowers.
Tom bought Mary lots of jewelry.
Tom bought Mary lunch.
Tom bought Mary many gifts.
Tom bought Mary some candy.
Tom bought Mary some chocolate.
Tom bought Mary some chocolates.
Tom bought Mary some clothes.
Tom bought Mary some expensive clothes.
Tom bought Mary some flowers.
Tom bought Mary some food.
Tom bought Mary some roses.
Tom bought Mary something to eat.
Tom bought Mary something.
Tom bought Mary three long-stemmed roses.
Tom bought Mary what she needed.
Tom bought Mary whatever she wanted.
Tom bought Mary's book yesterday and has already read it.
Tom bought Mary's family a Christmas tree.
Tom bought Yanni a journal.
Tom bought a Barbie doll with a beard.
Tom bought a Chinese-Japanese dictionary.
Tom bought a Christmas present for Mary.
Tom bought a Christmas present for himself.
Tom bought a Christmas tree for Mary's family.
Tom bought a Ferrari.
Tom bought a French-English dictionary.
Tom bought a Geiger counter.
Tom bought a Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
Tom bought a LaWS with his pocket money.
Tom bought a Persian rug.
Tom bought a Roomba.
Tom bought a Swiss knife for me, but customs seized it.
Tom bought a T-shirt at the concert.
Tom bought a Toyota FJ, but now pays much more for fuel than his previous vehicle.
Tom bought a Turkish rug.
Tom bought a VIP pass.
Tom bought a VR set.
Tom bought a baby carriage for his daughter.
Tom bought a backwoods cabin that was without electricity or running water.
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day.
Tom bought a bag of candy.
Tom bought a bag of peanuts.
Tom bought a bag of popcorn and a soft drink.
Tom bought a bar of chocolate.
Tom bought a basket full of apples.
Tom bought a basket of fruit for Mary.
Tom bought a bathrobe.
Tom bought a beer for Mary.
Tom bought a beer for himself.
Tom bought a bicycle for three hundred dollars.
Tom bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom bought a blue scarf for Mary.
Tom bought a boat.
Tom bought a book about cameras.
Tom bought a book about gardening.
Tom bought a book about reptiles.
Tom bought a book for Mary.
Tom bought a book for me.
Tom bought a book yesterday and gave it to Mary.
Tom bought a book.
Tom bought a bottle of balsamic vinegar in Modena.
Tom bought a bottle of champagne for the party.
Tom bought a bottle of champagne.
Tom bought a bottle of cheap red wine.
Tom bought a bottle of cheap wine.
Tom bought a bottle of olive oil.
Tom bought a bottle of red wine.
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shop.
Tom bought a bottle of water for himself and a carton of milk for Mary.
Tom bought a bottle of wine.
Tom bought a bouquet of flowers for Mary.
Tom bought a bouquet of roses for Mary.
Tom bought a box of apples.
Tom bought a box of candles.
Tom bought a box of candy to give to Mary.
Tom bought a box of candy.
Tom bought a box of chocolates for Mary.
Tom bought a box of cookies for Mary.
Tom bought a box of cookies.
Tom bought a box of nails.
Tom bought a box of oranges.
Tom bought a bracelet for Mary.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
Tom bought a bucket of extra-spicy fried chicken and a container of coleslaw.
Tom bought a bunch of grapes and I ate them.
Tom bought a bunch of inexpensive cameras to give to children who lived in his neighborhood.
Tom bought a bunch of roses for Mary.
Tom bought a bus ticket.
Tom bought a bushel of corn.
Tom bought a cake for dessert.
Tom bought a camera and a tripod.
Tom bought a camera and tripod.
Tom bought a camera at a bargain sale.
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
Tom bought a camera for $300.
Tom bought a camera for 500 dollars.
Tom bought a camera for Mary.
Tom bought a camera for me.
Tom bought a camera for three hundred dollars.
Tom bought a camera from Mary.
Tom bought a camera just a couple of days ago, but he's already lost it.
Tom bought a camera just a couple of days ago, but he’s already lost it.
Tom bought a camera just a few days ago, but he's already lost it.
Tom bought a camera like yours.
Tom bought a camera not too long ago.
Tom bought a camera on eBay.
Tom bought a camera on sale.
Tom bought a camera that was made in Japan.
Tom bought a camera that was over-priced.
Tom bought a camera to give to Mary on her birthday.
Tom bought a camera to give to Mary.
Tom bought a camera yesterday.
Tom bought a camera.
Tom bought a can of beer for himself and a can of coffee for Mary.
Tom bought a canoe.
Tom bought a car for Mary.
Tom bought a car last week.
Tom bought a car using his savings.
Tom bought a car.
Tom bought a carton of cigarettes.
Tom bought a cashmere sweater.
Tom bought a cat toy for his cat.
Tom bought a cat tree for his cat.
Tom bought a cheap jacket.
Tom bought a chicken.
Tom bought a chocolate bar.
Tom bought a chuck steak.
Tom bought a coat.
Tom bought a coffee machine.
Tom bought a collar for his dog.
Tom bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
Tom bought a computer on Craigslist.
Tom bought a computer.
Tom bought a condo.
Tom bought a condominium near the beach.
Tom bought a condominium near the lake.
Tom bought a condominium.
Tom bought a container ship.
Tom bought a counterfeit watch.
Tom bought a couple of books and gave them to Mary.
Tom bought a couple of cans of tomatoes.
Tom bought a couple of loaves of bread on his way home from work.
Tom bought a cowboy hat.
Tom bought a croissant.
Tom bought a cuckoo clock, but his husband can't stand the noise.
Tom bought a cup of coffee from a vending machine.
Tom bought a diamond ring for Mary.
Tom bought a dictionary for Mary.
Tom bought a dictionary, too.
Tom bought a dictionary.
Tom bought a dishwasher.
Tom bought a dog and named her Cookie.
Tom bought a dog and named him Regulus.
Tom bought a dog for Mary.
Tom bought a dog for him.
Tom bought a dog for his children.
Tom bought a dog.
Tom bought a dozen donuts and ate half of them in his car before he got home.
Tom bought a dozen donuts.
Tom bought a dozen eggs.
Tom bought a dress for Mary.
Tom bought a dress for his daughter.
Tom bought a drink at the counter and went back to his table.
Tom bought a drink for Mary.
Tom bought a drink from a vending machine.
Tom bought a drone.
Tom bought a fake tree.
Tom bought a few drinks for Mary.
Tom bought a few things he didn't need.
Tom bought a flat.
Tom bought a flower for Mary.
Tom bought a football for his son.
Tom bought a fur coat for Mary.
Tom bought a gallon of distilled water.
Tom bought a giant gummy bear.
Tom bought a gift for Mary.
Tom bought a gift for each of his children.
Tom bought a gift for his daughter.
Tom bought a gift for his girlfriend.
Tom bought a gift for his sister.
Tom bought a gun in Boston.
Tom bought a gun to kill Mary.
Tom bought a gun.
Tom bought a hammer handle.
Tom bought a hat for Mary.
Tom bought a hat.
Tom bought a hat. It's black. Tom likes it.
Tom bought a hedge trimmer.
Tom bought a high-efficiency front-loading washing machine.
Tom bought a horse.
Tom bought a hot dog for Mary.
Tom bought a hotdog for me.
Tom bought a house by the lake.
Tom bought a house for Mary.
Tom bought a house in Australia.
Tom bought a house in Boston last October.
Tom bought a house in Boston.
Tom bought a house in our neighborhood.
Tom bought a house in the suburbs.
Tom bought a house in the village where his in-laws live.
Tom bought a house last summer.
Tom bought a house not too far from where Mary lives.
Tom bought a house on Park Street.
Tom bought a house three years ago.
Tom bought a house with a magnificent view of the sea.
Tom bought a house with a pool.
Tom bought a house with six rooms.
Tom bought a house with three bedrooms.
Tom bought a house.
Tom bought a hula hoop.
Tom bought a humidifier.
Tom bought a hybrid car.
Tom bought a hybrid.
Tom bought a jar of dill pickles.
Tom bought a large bag of potatoes.
Tom bought a large house on Park Street.
Tom bought a large pizza.
Tom bought a larger car.
Tom bought a leather couch.
Tom bought a leather jacket.
Tom bought a lemon.
Tom bought a loaf of bread.
Tom bought a lot at the edge of town.
Tom bought a lot near the lake.
Tom bought a lot of bread.
Tom bought a lot of food.
Tom bought a lot of pasta.
Tom bought a lot of souvenirs.
Tom bought a lot of things for his kids.
Tom bought a lot of things.
Tom bought a lot of useless stuff.
Tom bought a lottery ticket for me.
Tom bought a lottery ticket.
Tom bought a mansion near a beautiful waterfall.
Tom bought a mansion near his grandparents' house.
Tom bought a mask and a snorkel so he could go snorkeling with his friends.
Tom bought a mask and a snorkel so that he could go snorkelling with his friends.
Tom bought a medieval shirt on Etsy.
Tom bought a microscope for Mary.
Tom bought a microscope.
Tom bought a mobile phone.
Tom bought a model train set for his son.
Tom bought a motorcycle.
Tom bought a mug of beer for himself and a glass of red wine for Mary.
Tom bought a neck pillow.
Tom bought a necklace for Mary.
Tom bought a new Pearl drum kit.
Tom bought a new T-shirt.
Tom bought a new TV.
Tom bought a new bathing suit.
Tom bought a new belt.
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
Tom bought a new camera last month.
Tom bought a new camera so he sold his old one.
Tom bought a new camera.
Tom bought a new car and destroyed it on the same day.
Tom bought a new car for Mary.
Tom bought a new car the week before last.
Tom bought a new car with the money he won in the lottery.
Tom bought a new car yesterday.
Tom bought a new car.
Tom bought a new case for his saxophone.
Tom bought a new cell phone.
Tom bought a new coat.
Tom bought a new collar for his dog.
Tom bought a new computer.
Tom bought a new cutting board for Mary's kitchen.
Tom bought a new dictionary.
Tom bought a new dishwasher and told Mary that it was her Valentine's Day gift.
Tom bought a new dishwasher just last week.
Tom bought a new dishwasher.
Tom bought a new dress.
Tom bought a new guitar today.
Tom bought a new helmet.
Tom bought a new hoover.
Tom bought a new horse.
Tom bought a new house in Boston.
Tom bought a new house in the country.
Tom bought a new house.
Tom bought a new jacket.
Tom bought a new kind of pasta from the store to spice things up a bit.
Tom bought a new kite since his old one got stuck in a tree and he couldn't get it down.
Tom bought a new knapsack.
Tom bought a new modem.
Tom bought a new motorcycle recently.
Tom bought a new multifunction printer.
Tom bought a new notebook.
Tom bought a new pair of boots.
Tom bought a new pair of gloves.
Tom bought a new pair of ice skates.
Tom bought a new pair of leather gloves.
Tom bought a new pair of shoes.
Tom bought a new pair of skis.
Tom bought a new pair of sneakers yesterday.
Tom bought a new pair of sunglasses.
Tom bought a new phone.
Tom bought a new pick-up.
Tom bought a new pickup.
Tom bought a new robe.
Tom bought a new set of headphones.
Tom bought a new shirt.
Tom bought a new smartphone.
Tom bought a new sports car.
Tom bought a new stove for his kitchen.
Tom bought a new suit for himself.
Tom bought a new suit last week, but he hasn't worn it yet.
Tom bought a new suit.
Tom bought a new swimsuit.
Tom bought a new swivel chair to go with his new computer desk.
Tom bought a new tennis racket.
Tom bought a new towel rack for the kitchen.
Tom bought a new truck.
Tom bought a new vacuum cleaner.
Tom bought a new wallet and threw his old one away.
Tom bought a new wallet to replace his old one.
Tom bought a new watch because he lost his old one.
Tom bought a new watch.
Tom bought a new winter coat.
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train on the way to work.
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train.
Tom bought a newspaper.
Tom bought a nice coat for Mary.
Tom bought a nice house in Boston.
Tom bought a nice house in a nice neighborhood.
Tom bought a nice house on Park Street.
Tom bought a nice present for Mary.
Tom bought a nickel rock.
Tom bought a one-way ticket to Boston.
Tom bought a one-way ticket.
Tom bought a pack of cable ties.
Tom bought a packet of cigarettes under age, and claimed he was buying them for his father.
Tom bought a pair of black dress shoes yesterday.
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.
Tom bought a pair of boots yesterday.
Tom bought a pair of boots.
Tom bought a pair of cheap shoes, but they didn't last very long.
Tom bought a pair of cowboy boots.
Tom bought a pair of earrings for Mary.
Tom bought a pair of flip-flops.
Tom bought a pair of gloves.
Tom bought a pair of jeans.
Tom bought a pair of knee socks.
Tom bought a pair of leather motorcycle gloves.
Tom bought a pair of new boots.
Tom bought a pair of new gloves.
Tom bought a pair of new snow boots.
Tom bought a pair of pants.
Tom bought a pair of polarized sunglasses online.
Tom bought a pair of polarized sunglasses.
Tom bought a pair of rubber boots.
Tom bought a pair of shoes this afternoon.
Tom bought a pair of shoes yesterday.
Tom bought a pair of shoes.
Tom bought a pair of shorts.
Tom bought a pair of socks.
Tom bought a pair of sunglasses online.
Tom bought a pair of sunglasses.
Tom bought a pair of tennis shoes.
Tom bought a pair of work gloves.
Tom bought a palate of mac and cheese.
Tom bought a paper.
Tom bought a parrot.
Tom bought a pearl necklace for Mary.
Tom bought a pen.
Tom bought a percolator.
Tom bought a phone.
Tom bought a pie for dessert on his way home.
Tom bought a piece of land not far from where Mary lives.
Tom bought a pistol for protection.
Tom bought a pistol.
Tom bought a pizza and headed home.
Tom bought a pizza and took it over to Mary's.
Tom bought a plane ticket.
Tom bought a plasma TV on Black Friday.
Tom bought a pomelo.
Tom bought a pony for his son.
Tom bought a postcard and stamps.
Tom bought a pound of cheese.
Tom bought a pound of the health salad. This is Texas after all. Make that two pounds.
Tom bought a pram for his daughter.
Tom bought a present for Mary.
Tom bought a present for each of his children.
Tom bought a present for his daughter's friend.
Tom bought a present for his daughter.
Tom bought a present for his sister.
Tom bought a present for his son.
Tom bought a puppy for Mary.
Tom bought a puppy.
Tom bought a raft.
Tom bought a really expensive, well-made pair of shoes.
Tom bought a red car.
Tom bought a refracting telescope.
Tom bought a refractor telescope.
Tom bought a refractory telescope.
Tom bought a refurbished phone.
Tom bought a remote homestead in the Scottish Highlands.
Tom bought a rifle so he could go deer hunting with his son.
Tom bought a rifle.
Tom bought a ring for Mary.
Tom bought a rose and gave it to Mary.
Tom bought a rose for Mary.
Tom bought a round of drinks for everyone in the bar.
Tom bought a round of drinks.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket to Australia.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket to Boston.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket.
Tom bought a rubber raft.
Tom bought a rug.
Tom bought a scarf for Mary on Monday.
Tom bought a scarf for Mary.
Tom bought a second hand Toyota.
Tom bought a second-hand car.
Tom bought a second-hand truck.
Tom bought a sewing machine for Mary.
Tom bought a shawl for his mother.
Tom bought a shirt for Mary.
Tom bought a shirt for me.
Tom bought a shirt that says "Japan."
Tom bought a shirt yesterday.
Tom bought a shot tequila for each of his friends.
Tom bought a shovel and gave it to Mary.
Tom bought a shovel.
Tom bought a silk rug.
Tom bought a six-room house.
Tom bought a small camera to take on his trip.
Tom bought a small gift for Mary.
Tom bought a small house in Boston.
Tom bought a small house on Park Street.
Tom bought a small house on a quiet street.
Tom bought a small vacation house in the mountains.
Tom bought a snack from the vending machine.
Tom bought a so-called "magical stone".
Tom bought a soccer ball for his son.
Tom bought a squirrel magnet and put it on the fridge.
Tom bought a stamp at the post office.
Tom bought a straw hat.
Tom bought a summer house and never went to it.
Tom bought a sweater for thirty dollars.
Tom bought a sweater.
Tom bought a swing set for his children.
Tom bought a switchblade at the flea market.
Tom bought a sword.
Tom bought a table.
Tom bought a talking bass and hung it on the wall.
Tom bought a tea set.
Tom bought a teddy bear for Mary.
Tom bought a thirty dollar bottle of wine.
Tom bought a three hundred dollar suit.
Tom bought a three-bedroom house.
Tom bought a three-room house in Boston.
Tom bought a three-room house on Park Street.
Tom bought a three-room house.
Tom bought a ticket and went in.
Tom bought a ticket for Boston.
Tom bought a ticket for Mary.
Tom bought a ticket to Australia.
Tom bought a ticket to Boston.
Tom bought a ticket to Bucharest.
Tom bought a ticket to the cinema for himself.
Tom bought a ticket.
Tom bought a toaster.
Tom bought a toilet seat.
Tom bought a towel.
Tom bought a toy for Mary.
Tom bought a treadmill.
Tom bought a used Toyota.
Tom bought a used bicycle for thirty dollars.
Tom bought a used car from a reputable dealership.
Tom bought a used car in Australia and spent three months driving around the country.
Tom bought a used car last week.
Tom bought a used car.
Tom bought a used truck.
Tom bought a very cheap camera.
Tom bought a very expensive bicycle.
Tom bought a very expensive bike.
Tom bought a very expensive camera.
Tom bought a very expensive dog.
Tom bought a very expensive guitar.
Tom bought a very expensive horse.
Tom bought a very expensive house on Park Street.
Tom bought a very good camera.
Tom bought a very small funnel.
Tom bought a vest for his dog.
Tom bought a vineyard in France.
Tom bought a watch for himself and a necklace for Mary.
Tom bought a watch for himself.
Tom bought a watch for me.
Tom bought a watermelon and gave it to Mary.
Tom bought a watermelon.
Tom bought a webcam.
Tom bought a weekly magazine at the station.
Tom bought a weighted blanket.
Tom bought a welcome mat.
Tom bought all these pizzas.
Tom bought all this furniture for just three hundred dollars.
Tom bought all this stuff for me.
Tom bought an ACME anvil.
Tom bought an American-made automobile.
Tom bought an E-bike.
Tom bought an acre of land near the lake.
Tom bought an airsoft gun.
Tom bought an antique rug.
Tom bought an aquarium.
Tom bought an electric bicycle.
Tom bought an electric bike.
Tom bought an electric car.
Tom bought an electric chainsaw.
Tom bought an elephant ear.
Tom bought an engagement ring for Mary with money he inherited from his grandfather.
Tom bought an eternity ring for Mary, as a token of his undying love for her.
Tom bought an expensive Christmas present for himself.
Tom bought an expensive bicycle.
Tom bought an expensive bracelet for Mary.
Tom bought an expensive car.
Tom bought an expensive coat.
Tom bought an expensive dog.
Tom bought an expensive guitar.
Tom bought an expensive sports car.
Tom bought an expensive toy for his cat, who then proceeded to spend hours playing with the box it came in.
Tom bought an expensive toy for his young son, who then proceeded to spend hours playing with the box it came in.
Tom bought an expensive watch.
Tom bought an extended warranty.
Tom bought an ice cream and sorbet maker.
Tom bought an old ambulance and converted it into a camper.
Tom bought an old bus and is using it as storage shed.
Tom bought an old computer on Craigslist.
Tom bought an old house and said that he would fix it all by himself.
Tom bought an umbrella for each of his children.
Tom bought an umbrella.
Tom bought an unregistered gun.
Tom bought another dog for his children.
Tom bought another dog for his kids.
Tom bought another dog.
Tom bought another hat.
Tom bought beer for us.
Tom bought beer using a fake ID.
Tom bought books of Kabyle literature.
Tom bought bread.
Tom bought bullets for his gun.
Tom bought bullets for his pistol.
Tom bought bullets for his rifle.
Tom bought candles to give to his friends.
Tom bought chicken.
Tom bought cigars.
Tom bought cocaine from Mary.
Tom bought discount T-shirts at the Hispanic department store nearby.
Tom bought drinks for Mary all evening.
Tom bought drinks for everybody in the bar.
Tom bought drinks for everybody.
Tom bought drinks for everyone at the bar.
Tom bought drinks for everyone in the bar.
Tom bought drinks for us.
Tom bought each of his children a gift.
Tom bought each of his children a present.
Tom bought each of his children a yellow umbrella.
Tom bought each of his children an umbrella.
Tom bought each of his children something.
Tom bought each of his friends a shot tequila.
Tom bought each of them a camera.
Tom bought eggs but no bacon.
Tom bought eggs, but forgot to buy bread.
Tom bought eggs, but he forgot to buy bread.
Tom bought enough food for everybody.
Tom bought enough food for everyone.
Tom bought enough food to last about three weeks.
Tom bought enough food to last us about three weeks.
Tom bought every painting Mary painted.
Tom bought every painting that Mary painted.
Tom bought every single one of them.
Tom bought everyone in the bar a round of drinks.
Tom bought everything he needed in just thirty minutes.
Tom bought everything he needed to buy.
Tom bought everything he needed.
Tom bought everything he wanted.
Tom bought everything on his shopping list.
Tom bought everything that he needed.
Tom bought everything that we asked him to buy.
Tom bought everything that we asked him to.
Tom bought everything we asked him to.
Tom bought everything.
Tom bought flour and yeast at the grocery store.
Tom bought flowers and a box of chocolates for Mary.
Tom bought flowers and chocolate for Mary.
Tom bought flowers for Mary.
Tom bought flowers for his girlfriend, but not for his mother.
Tom bought flowers for his mother.
Tom bought flowers.
Tom bought food for me.
Tom bought food.
Tom bought gas and paid in cash.
Tom bought gifts for all his children.
Tom bought gifts for all his co-workers.
Tom bought gifts for all his friends.
Tom bought gifts for his children.
Tom bought gifts for his loved ones.
Tom bought groceries on his way home from work.
Tom bought groceries.
Tom bought her this ring, she said.
Tom bought himself a blue T-shirt.
Tom bought himself a boat.
Tom bought himself a camera.
Tom bought himself a canoe.
Tom bought himself a car.
Tom bought himself a condo near the beach.
Tom bought himself a cup of coffee.
Tom bought himself a dinner jacket.
Tom bought himself a dog.
Tom bought himself a flat.
Tom bought himself a giant jelly baby.
Tom bought himself a hamster.
Tom bought himself a microscope.
Tom bought himself a motocross bike.
Tom bought himself a motorboat.
Tom bought himself a motorcycle.
Tom bought himself a new bathing suit.
Tom bought himself a new car.
Tom bought himself a new computer.
Tom bought himself a new guitar for Christmas.
Tom bought himself a new pair of shoes.
Tom bought himself a new piano.
Tom bought himself a new saxophone.
Tom bought himself a new sports car.
Tom bought himself a new suit.
Tom bought himself a new swimsuit.
Tom bought himself a new toothbrush.
Tom bought himself a new truck.
Tom bought himself a nice car.
Tom bought himself a pair of boots.
Tom bought himself a pair of rubber boots.
Tom bought himself a pair of snow boots.
Tom bought himself a red convertible.
Tom bought himself a red sports car.
Tom bought himself a second-hand car.
Tom bought himself a shirt yesterday.
Tom bought himself a sports car.
Tom bought himself a sweater.
Tom bought himself a ticket.
Tom bought himself a tuxedo.
Tom bought himself a used car.
Tom bought himself a watch.
Tom bought himself a yacht.
Tom bought himself an expensive watch.
Tom bought himself another car.
Tom bought himself new jeans, a checkered shirt, a suede vest, and a cowboy hat.
Tom bought himself one, too.
Tom bought himself one.
Tom bought himself some new clothes.
Tom bought himself something to eat.
Tom bought his camera at this store about three months ago.
Tom bought his camera for less than I paid for mine.
Tom bought his car at a forfeiture auction.
Tom bought his car from a reputable used car dealership.
Tom bought his cat an expensive toy, but she was not interested. Instead, she ran to the neighbour who always gave her a bowl of good food.
Tom bought his cemetery property a couple months ago.
Tom bought his children a dog.
Tom bought his children a swing set.
Tom bought his children another dog.
Tom bought his children some clothes.
Tom bought his children some toys.
Tom bought his daughter a Mac for her birthday.
Tom bought his daughter a Macintosh for her birthday.
Tom bought his daughter a dress.
Tom bought his daughter a new dress for the party.
Tom bought his daughter the dress she wanted.
Tom bought his daughters some cold drinks.
Tom bought his dog a vest.
Tom bought his dog some toys.
Tom bought his dream house.
Tom bought his first car when he was thirty years old.
Tom bought his first car when he was thirty.
Tom bought his first car.
Tom bought his girlfriend flowers.
Tom bought his guitar in Australia.
Tom bought his gun in Boston.
Tom bought his house 30 years ago.
Tom bought his kids a few toys.
Tom bought his kids another dog.
Tom bought his kids lots of things.
Tom bought his kids some toys.
Tom bought his magic wand at a magic wand shop.
Tom bought his mother flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom bought his mother flowers.
Tom bought his sister a present.
Tom bought his son a car as a graduation present.
Tom bought his son a car for a graduation present.
Tom bought his son a car.
Tom bought his son a model train set.
Tom bought his son a sports car.
Tom bought his ticket twenty minutes ago.
Tom bought his ticket yesterday.
Tom bought his truck second hand.
Tom bought his truck used.
Tom bought his viola in Boston.
Tom bought his wife everything she wanted.
Tom bought his wife whatever she wanted.
Tom bought ice cream.
Tom bought it for Mary.
Tom bought it for a very low price.
Tom bought it for an absurdly low price.
Tom bought it for an extremely low price.
Tom bought it for me.
Tom bought it for peanuts, apparently.
Tom bought it for us.
Tom bought it in 2013.
Tom bought it in Kaufland.
Tom bought it.
Tom bought land in Australia.
Tom bought lots of souvenirs.
Tom bought lots of things at the mall.
Tom bought lots of things for his children.
Tom bought lots of things.
Tom bought many gifts for Mary.
Tom bought many kinds of flowers.
Tom bought many souvenirs.
Tom bought many things.
Tom bought me a beer.
Tom bought me a book.
Tom bought me a clock.
Tom bought me a cup of coffee.
Tom bought me a dictionary.
Tom bought me a dog.
Tom bought me a drink.
Tom bought me a hat.
Tom bought me a hotdog.
Tom bought me a kite.
Tom bought me a lottery ticket.
Tom bought me a new surfboard.
Tom bought me a present.
Tom bought me a shirt.
Tom bought me a soldering iron.
Tom bought me a watch.
Tom bought me a wonderful gift.
Tom bought me all this stuff.
Tom bought me chocolate.
Tom bought me coffee.
Tom bought me dinner.
Tom bought me drinks all night.
Tom bought me drinks.
Tom bought me everything I wanted.
Tom bought me food.
Tom bought me my first pair of headphones.
Tom bought me my first turntable.
Tom bought me roses.
Tom bought me several beers.
Tom bought me some books.
Tom bought me some clothes that I normally could never afford.
Tom bought me some roses.
Tom bought me something to drink.
Tom bought me something to eat.
Tom bought me that as a gift.
Tom bought me the books I needed.
Tom bought me these.
Tom bought me this book.
Tom bought me this camera.
Tom bought me this jacket.
Tom bought me what I needed.
Tom bought my bike.
Tom bought my house.
Tom bought new gloves.
Tom bought new laces for his shoes.
Tom bought one for himself, too.
Tom bought one for himself.
Tom bought one loaf of bread, but he should've bought three.
Tom bought one, and I bought one, too.
Tom bought one, and so did I.
Tom bought only what he needed from the store.
Tom bought opera tickets for tomorrow, but Mary is sick.
Tom bought pasta.
Tom bought pizza.
Tom bought presents for his children.
Tom bought presents for his family on his trip and was slugged with excess baggage costs on the return flight.
Tom bought quite a few things today.
Tom bought quite a few things.
Tom bought rolls.
Tom bought rye bread, even though Mary had asked him to buy pumpernickel bread.
Tom bought rye bread.
Tom bought seven pairs of socks, one pair for each day of the week.
Tom bought several bags of peanuts.
Tom bought several cameras last year.
Tom bought several dresses.
Tom bought several fish directly from one of the fishermen.
Tom bought several loaves of bread.
Tom bought snack food for his party.
Tom bought socks.
Tom bought some Greek yogurt.
Tom bought some VIP tickets.
Tom bought some all dressed chips at Costco.
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce.
Tom bought some apples.
Tom bought some apricot brandy.
Tom bought some apricots.
Tom bought some arrows.
Tom bought some baby carrots.
Tom bought some bananas.
Tom bought some batteries.
Tom bought some beachfront property.
Tom bought some books for me.
Tom bought some books to read over the summer break.
Tom bought some books.
Tom bought some booze for his party.
Tom bought some bread.
Tom bought some butter.
Tom bought some camera equipment.
Tom bought some candles.
Tom bought some candy for Mary.
Tom bought some candy.
Tom bought some carrots.
Tom bought some cheap reading glasses at the local drugstore.
Tom bought some cheese.
Tom bought some chocolate for Mary.
Tom bought some chocolates for Mary.
Tom bought some cigars.
Tom bought some clothes at the mall yesterday.
Tom bought some clothes for Mary.
Tom bought some cold drinks for his daughters.
Tom bought some condoms.
Tom bought some croutons.
Tom bought some dried figs.
Tom bought some eggs.
Tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner.
Tom bought some extra-virgin olive oil.
Tom bought some fertilizer.
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.
Tom bought some flowers.
Tom bought some food for Mary.
Tom bought some food.
Tom bought some frozen strawberries.
Tom bought some fruit.
Tom bought some furniture for his new house.
Tom bought some furniture.
Tom bought some goats.
Tom bought some groceries on his way home from work.
Tom bought some groceries on his way home.
Tom bought some groceries.
Tom bought some hamburger buns.
Tom bought some ice cream for his party.
Tom bought some kerosene.
Tom bought some ketchup chips.
Tom bought some land in Australia.
Tom bought some land in Boston.
Tom bought some land near Boston.
Tom bought some land to build a house on.
Tom bought some licorice.
Tom bought some limited-edition sneakers.
Tom bought some lipstick for Mary.
Tom bought some liquor.
Tom bought some loaves of bread.
Tom bought some more food.
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to give to his friends.
Tom bought some nectarines.
Tom bought some new clothes for himself.
Tom bought some new clothes last week.
Tom bought some new clothes.
Tom bought some new equipment.
Tom bought some of the potatoes that Mary was selling.
Tom bought some patio furniture.
Tom bought some potatoes from a local farmer.
Tom bought some potatoes.
Tom bought some potted plants.
Tom bought some radishes.
Tom bought some red-veined kratom.
Tom bought some rice.
Tom bought some rope to use as a clothesline.
Tom bought some roses for Mary.
Tom bought some rye bread.
Tom bought some sandwiches for us.
Tom bought some sheep.
Tom bought some snack food and put it in his pack.
Tom bought some spoons and forks.
Tom bought some squirrelfish for his aquarium.
Tom bought some stuff at that store.
Tom bought some stuff that I would never have even considered buying.
Tom bought some stuff, but I don't know what he bought.
Tom bought some stuff.
Tom bought some supplies.
Tom bought some sweet potatoes.
Tom bought some things on the black market.
Tom bought some toys for his children.
Tom bought some toys for his dog.
Tom bought some toys for his kids.
Tom bought some vegetables and fruit.
Tom bought some vegetables at a roadside stand.
Tom bought some vegetables at the market.
Tom bought some vegetables for us.
Tom bought some vegetables.
Tom bought some water.
Tom bought something at that store, but I don't know what he bought.
Tom bought something at that store, but I don't know what.
Tom bought something for Mary, but I'm not sure what.
Tom bought something for Mary.
Tom bought something for dinner.
Tom bought something for each of his children.
Tom bought something for each of his three children.
Tom bought something online.
Tom bought something.
Tom bought straw hat.
Tom bought that camera because Mary thought it was the one he should buy.
Tom bought that car because his wife liked it.
Tom bought that car for $3,000.
Tom bought that car for three thousand dollars three months ago.
Tom bought that car three years ago.
Tom bought that for us.
Tom bought that online.
Tom bought that pair of shoes at a clearance sale.
Tom bought that.
Tom bought the books he needed.
Tom bought the bread.
Tom bought the cheaper one.
Tom bought the cheapest one in the store.
Tom bought the cheapest thing in the store.
Tom bought the first dog-operated phone; however, only Mary ended up using it to call Tom at work.
Tom bought the house at a good price.
Tom bought the house next door to me three years ago.
Tom bought the medicine Mary needed.
Tom bought the medicine that Mary needed.
Tom bought the new album.
Tom bought the newspaper.
Tom bought the same camera that Mary has.
Tom bought the tickets online.
Tom bought the whole nine yards.
Tom bought the wine.
Tom bought the wrong size coat by mistake.
Tom bought the wrong size coat.
Tom bought them each a camera.
Tom bought them for me.
Tom bought these books.
Tom bought these vegetables the day before yesterday.
Tom bought these vegetables yesterday.
Tom bought this T-shirt at a souvenir shop.
Tom bought this at a local store.
Tom bought this at a thrift store.
Tom bought this book for me.
Tom bought this book from the bookshop at the bus stop.
Tom bought this building with the money his grandfather left him.
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.
Tom bought this camera for himself, not for his wife.
Tom bought this camera for me.
Tom bought this for me in Australia.
Tom bought this for me in Boston.
Tom bought this for me.
Tom bought this for thirty dollars.
Tom bought this horse at an auction.
Tom bought this house after his father's death.
Tom bought this house after his father’s death.
Tom bought this house thirty years ago.
Tom bought this painting in Boston.
Tom bought this pen at a store near the station.
Tom bought this piece of land in 2013.
Tom bought this property in 2013.
Tom bought this truck in Boston.
Tom bought this truck the same day he got his driver's license.
Tom bought this umbrella in Australia.
Tom bought this umbrella in Boston.
Tom bought this umbrella when he was in Australia.
Tom bought this umbrella when he was in Boston.
Tom bought three acres of lakefront property.
Tom bought three bars of soap yesterday.
Tom bought three bicycles, one for each of his children.
Tom bought three books yesterday and three more today.
Tom bought three bottles of beer.
Tom bought three bottles of expensive champagne.
Tom bought three bottles of grape juice.
Tom bought three bottles of hot sauce.
Tom bought three bottles of orange juice.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine and three bottles of white wine.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine and three bottles of white.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine.
Tom bought three bottles of water.
Tom bought three bottles of wine.
Tom bought three chickens.
Tom bought three copies of that book.
Tom bought three dozen eggs.
Tom bought three goats.
Tom bought three jars of dill pickles.
Tom bought three kilograms of apples.
Tom bought three kilos of raisins.
Tom bought three large bags of dog food.
Tom bought three large pizzas for his party.
Tom bought three loaves of bread.
Tom bought three long-stemmed roses for Mary.
Tom bought three lottery tickets.
Tom bought three more books.
Tom bought three packages of ink for his printer.
Tom bought three pairs of black socks.
Tom bought three pairs of shoes.
Tom bought three pairs of socks.
Tom bought three pounds of bananas.
Tom bought three pounds of chicken.
Tom bought three roses for Mary.
Tom bought three sets of guitar strings.
Tom bought three sheep.
Tom bought three tickets on Monday.
Tom bought three tickets to Australia.
Tom bought three tickets to Boston.
Tom bought three tickets, and gave Mary one.
Tom bought three tickets, and gave one to Mary.
Tom bought three tickets, one for each of his children.
Tom bought three tickets.
Tom bought three umbrellas.
Tom bought three watermelons.
Tom bought tickets for all of us.
Tom bought tickets from a scalper.
Tom bought tickets.
Tom bought too much bread.
Tom bought too much milk.
Tom bought toys for his children at the store over there.
Tom bought toys for his children.
Tom bought toys for his kids at the store over there.
Tom bought toys for his kids.
Tom bought trash bags.
Tom bought traveler's insurance.
Tom bought two T-shirts, one for himself and one for Mary.
Tom bought two advance tickets for a Boston Symphony Orchestra show taking place in Chicago.
Tom bought two airline tickets to Paris.
Tom bought two cans of tomato juice and handed one to Mary.
Tom bought two chocolate bars and gave one of them to Mary.
Tom bought two chocolate cupcakes with vanilla icing and gave one of them to Mary.
Tom bought two copies of the book.
Tom bought two cowboy hats. One for himself and one for Mary.
Tom bought two donuts and gave one of them to Mary.
Tom bought two tickets and a bag of popcorn.
Tom bought two tickets.
Tom bought up the last of the apples.
Tom bought us beer.
Tom bought us drinks.
Tom bought us food.
Tom bought us matching swimsuits.
Tom bought us some drinks.
Tom bought us some sandwiches.
Tom bought us something to eat.
Tom bought way many onions.
Tom bought way much bread.
Tom bought way too many onions.
Tom bought way too much bread.
Tom bought way too much milk.
Tom bought what he needed to buy.
Tom bought what he needed.
Tom bought what he wanted.
Tom bought whole wheat bread.
Tom bought you some time, I hear.
Tom bought, for his rendezvous, a flower and some gifts.
Tom bounced back.
Tom bounced from job to job.
Tom bounced the ball.
Tom bound Mary's hands behind her back.
Tom bounded up the staircase three steps at a time.
Tom bowed and kissed Mary's hand.
Tom bowed and withdrew.
Tom bowed deeply to me.
Tom bowed his head and prayed.
Tom bowed his head in shame.
Tom bowed his head.
Tom bowed politely.
Tom bowed respectfully to the old lady.
Tom bowed to Mary politely.
Tom bowed to his teacher.
Tom bowed to me as he left the room.
Tom bowed to me as he passed by.
Tom bowed.
Tom boycotted goods from this country.
Tom braced himself for Mary's reaction.
Tom braced himself.
Tom bragged about his latest conquest.
Tom bragged about his new phone.
Tom bragged about how fast his car was.
Tom bragged about how good his English was, but when asked to say something about himself in English, he said almost nothing.
Tom bragged about how much money he had.
Tom bragged about how much money he made.
Tom bragged about how rich he was.
Tom bragged about how well he could do that.
Tom bragged about how well he could play chess.
Tom bragged about how well his son is doing at school.
Tom bragged about how well his son was doing at school.
Tom bragged about how well his wife could cook.
Tom bragged about it.
Tom bragged about what happened in Australia.
Tom bragged about what happened in Boston.
Tom bragged about what he'd done.
Tom bragged that he was the best player on the team.
Tom bragged to his friend about it.
Tom bragged to his friend.
Tom bragged to his friends about all the girls he had slept with.
Tom bragged to his friends about it.
Tom bragged to his friends.
Tom brags about how well he can do that.
Tom braided Mary's hair for her.
Tom braided Mary's hair.
Tom braided Mary’s hair.
Tom braided his daughter's hair.
Tom braided my hair.
Tom brainwashed Mary.
Tom brainwashed me.
Tom braked, but not in time to avoid hitting the dog.
Tom braked.
Tom branded the calf.
Tom brandished a shotgun on Mary.
Tom breakfasted alone.
Tom breaks everything.
Tom breaks more promises than he keeps.
Tom breaks the rules.
Tom breathed a sigh of relief.
Tom breathed deeply and lay still.
Tom breathed deeply.
Tom breathed heavily through his nose.
Tom breathed into the breathalyzer.
Tom breathed slowly and deeply to calm his nerves before going into the interview room.
Tom breathed uneasily.
Tom breeds dogs.
Tom breeds exotic spiders.
Tom breeds racing pigeons.
Tom breezed through the exam.
Tom breezed through the obstacle course.
Tom brewed beer.
Tom brewed some coffee.
Tom brews beer as a hobby.
Tom brews beer.
Tom brews his own beer at home.
Tom brews his own beer.
Tom bribed Mary to let him escape custody.
Tom bribed Mary.
Tom bribed the guards.
Tom bribed the police officer.
Tom bribed the policeman.
Tom bridled the horse.
Tom briefed Mary on the situation.
Tom briefed Mary.
Tom briefly glanced at the leaflet before throwing it in the trash.
Tom briefly glanced in Mary's direction.
Tom briefly left his store to go get a sandwich for lunch.
Tom briefly studied law.
Tom brings his children with him to work once or twice a year.
Tom brings home the bread and butter.
Tom brings me to the office every morning.
Tom brings out the best in everybody.
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.
Tom broached the subject with Mary at breakfast.
Tom broadsided Mary.
Tom broke Mary's clarinet reed.
Tom broke Mary's clarinet.
Tom broke Mary's expensive Chinese Ming vase.
Tom broke Mary's favourite doll.
Tom broke Mary's heart.
Tom broke Mary's jaw.
Tom broke Mary's mug.
Tom broke Mary’s clarinet reed.
Tom broke Mary’s clarinet.
Tom broke Tom.
Tom broke a bone.
Tom broke a cup, too.
Tom broke a glass and cut one of his fingers.
Tom broke a glass.
Tom broke a lot of rules.
Tom broke a plate.
Tom broke a rib when he fell off the ladder.
Tom broke a rib.
Tom broke a tooth biting into an apple.
Tom broke a twig off the branch.
Tom broke a window at work.
Tom broke a window in the classroom.
Tom broke a window yesterday.
Tom broke a window.
Tom broke a world record.
Tom broke all records for speed.
Tom broke all the eggs.
Tom broke almost everything.
Tom broke both his arms.
Tom broke both his legs.
Tom broke both his shins.
Tom broke both of his arms.
Tom broke both of his legs.
Tom broke down and confessed to everything.
Tom broke down and cried.
Tom broke down and he told Mary.
Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.
Tom broke down and started crying.
Tom broke down and started to cry.
Tom broke down and told Mary the truth.
Tom broke down and told the police everything.
Tom broke down and told the truth.
Tom broke down crying.
Tom broke down in tears.
Tom broke down the door.
Tom broke down when he heard the bad news.
Tom broke down.
Tom broke every bone in his body.
Tom broke every rule in the book.
Tom broke everything.
Tom broke free and ran away.
Tom broke free.
Tom broke his ankle when he tripped.
Tom broke his ankle.
Tom broke his arm as he was trying to climb a tree.
Tom broke his arm last weekend.
Tom broke his arm playing football.
Tom broke his arm playing rugby.
Tom broke his arm playing soccer.
Tom broke his arm skiing.
Tom broke his arm three weeks ago.
Tom broke his arm, not his leg.
Tom broke his arm.
Tom broke his attacker's arm.
Tom broke his back.
Tom broke his collarbone in a motorcycle accident.
Tom broke his collarbone snowboarding.
Tom broke his collarbone when he was thirteen.
Tom broke his eyeglass frames when he dropped his glasses.
Tom broke his femur.
Tom broke his fishing rod.
Tom broke his gait.
Tom broke his glasses when they fell off while he was racing at a go-kart course.
Tom broke his glasses.
Tom broke his hip.
Tom broke his jaw.
Tom broke his left ankle during a rugby match.
Tom broke his left arm.
Tom broke his left wrist.
Tom broke his leg in a cycling accident.
Tom broke his leg in a ski race in 2005, but was skiing again in less than three months.
Tom broke his leg in a ski race.
Tom broke his leg last year and has limped ever since.
Tom broke his leg skiing.
Tom broke his leg when he fell off the roof.
Tom broke his leg.
Tom broke his neck falling down a flight of stairs.
Tom broke his neck.
Tom broke his new smartphone.
Tom broke his new toy.
Tom broke his nose.
Tom broke his obligations.
Tom broke his own record twice.
Tom broke his own record.
Tom broke his pencil.
Tom broke his promise and didn't help Mary.
Tom broke his promise and didn’t help Mary.
Tom broke his promise not to smoke.
Tom broke his promise to us.
Tom broke his promise.
Tom broke his right arm in the accident.
Tom broke his right arm.
Tom broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before Christmas.
Tom broke his word.
Tom broke his wrist.
Tom broke in.
Tom broke into Mary's apartment to borrow some items, which he later sold to feed his drug addiction.
Tom broke into Mary's apartment.
Tom broke into Mary's car and stole what was hidden under the driver's seat.
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.
Tom broke into Mary's house and stole her jewelry.
Tom broke into Mary's house and stole her pearl necklace.
Tom broke into Mary's house.
Tom broke into Mary's office.
Tom broke into Mary's room.
Tom broke into Mary’s car and stole what was hidden under the driver’s seat.
Tom broke into a cold sweat.
Tom broke into a mortuary.
Tom broke into a research laboratory.
Tom broke into his neighbor's house.
Tom broke into laughter.
Tom broke into my house.
Tom broke into our conversation.
Tom broke into our house and stole some jewelry.
Tom broke into tears.
Tom broke into the deserted shack.
Tom broke into the tow yard to steal his car back.
Tom broke it.
Tom broke loose.
Tom broke my heart.
Tom broke my nose.
Tom broke my windshield.
Tom broke numerous laws.
Tom broke off a twig from the branch.
Tom broke off his engagement to Mary.
Tom broke off his engagement with Mary.
Tom broke off the conversation and turned to the door.
Tom broke one of his fingers.
Tom broke one of his toys.
Tom broke one of the attackers' arms.
Tom broke one of the bones in his leg.
Tom broke one of the rules and was kicked out of school.
Tom broke out in a cold sweat.
Tom broke out in hives.
Tom broke out laughing.
Tom broke out of his cell.
Tom broke out of his shell.
Tom broke out of jail.
Tom broke out of prison.
Tom broke several rules.
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.
Tom broke some windows.
Tom broke something again.
Tom broke something again?
Tom broke that one.
Tom broke that promise, too.
Tom broke that.
Tom broke the Olympic record.
Tom broke the awkward silence.
Tom broke the bread up into chunks.
Tom broke the child's toy on purpose.
Tom broke the code.
Tom broke the cup.
Tom broke the devastating news to Mary.
Tom broke the dishes.
Tom broke the door open.
Tom broke the door window, reached inside, unlocked the door and got into the car.
Tom broke the door.
Tom broke the flowerpot.
Tom broke the glass.
Tom broke the informal "no rush" agreement and took out two of his opponents.
Tom broke the lamp.
Tom broke the law.
Tom broke the long silence.
Tom broke the news to Mary.
Tom broke the point of the knife.
Tom broke the record.
Tom broke the rules and was kicked off the team.
Tom broke the rules.
Tom broke the shop window with a hammer.
Tom broke the silence.
Tom broke the stick in half.
Tom broke the window on purpose.
Tom broke the window pane.
Tom broke the window.
Tom broke the windows.
Tom broke the world record.
Tom broke this window.
Tom broke this.
Tom broke three dishes.
Tom broke three of his fingers.
Tom broke three windows.
Tom broke up with Marie.
Tom broke up with Mary and has started going out Alice.
Tom broke up with Mary and started dating Alice.
Tom broke up with Mary and started going out with Alice.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday so he wouldn't have to buy her a birthday present.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday so he wouldn't have to buy her a gift.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy a gift for her.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy her a gift.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy her a present.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to spend money on a gift.
Tom broke up with Mary before the 8th of March so he wouldn't have to spend money on a gift for her.
Tom broke up with Mary last summer, but now he wants to get back together with her.
Tom broke up with Mary last week.
Tom broke up with Mary last weekend.
Tom broke up with Mary today.
Tom broke up with Mary via text message.
Tom broke up with Mary via text.
Tom broke up with Mary.
Tom broke up with Mascia today.
Tom broke up with her two days later.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend on Valentine's day?
Tom broke up with his girlfriend yesterday.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend.
Tom broke up with me.
Tom broke up with the girl he had been dating.
Tom broke wind.
Tom brokered the deal.
Tom brought Mary a bouquet of flowers.
Tom brought Mary a bouquet of roses.
Tom brought Mary a box of chocolates.
Tom brought Mary a bunch of roses.
Tom brought Mary a coffee.
Tom brought Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom brought Mary a cup of mint tea.
Tom brought Mary a drink and placed it in front of her.
Tom brought Mary a drink.
Tom brought Mary a gift.
Tom brought Mary a glass of water.
Tom brought Mary a plate of cookies.
Tom brought Mary a present.
Tom brought Mary a sandwich.
Tom brought Mary a small gift.
Tom brought Mary along.
Tom brought Mary back to Australia.
Tom brought Mary back to Boston.
Tom brought Mary breakfast.
Tom brought Mary flowers and candy.
Tom brought Mary flowers.
Tom brought Mary her lunch.
Tom brought Mary here yesterday.
Tom brought Mary here.
Tom brought Mary home.
Tom brought Mary some clothes.
Tom brought Mary some flowers that he'd picked from his garden.
Tom brought Mary some flowers.
Tom brought Mary some food.
Tom brought Mary some hot soup.
Tom brought Mary some juice.
Tom brought Mary some vegetable soup.
Tom brought Mary some water.
Tom brought Mary something to drink.
Tom brought Mary something to eat.
Tom brought Mary the money she'd asked for.
Tom brought Mary the money that she'd asked for.
Tom brought Mary to Boston with him.
Tom brought Mary to Boston.
Tom brought Mary to our party.
Tom brought Mary to the hospital.
Tom brought Mary to the station.
Tom brought Mary with him.
Tom brought Mary's mother away.
Tom brought Mary's tea up to her room.
Tom brought Mary.
Tom brought a blanket.
Tom brought a book.
Tom brought a bottle of champagne to the party.
Tom brought a bottle of champagne.
Tom brought a bottle of tequila.
Tom brought a bottle of wine.
Tom brought a bouquet of flowers for Mary.
Tom brought a box full toys to the orphanage.
Tom brought a broom.
Tom brought a bucket of fried chicken to the potluck.
Tom brought a bunch of roses for Mary for International Women's Day, but she found it inappropriate.
Tom brought a cake.
Tom brought a case of beer.
Tom brought a crate of beer.
Tom brought a cup of tea to me.
Tom brought a date to the party.
Tom brought a dictionary, too.
Tom brought a flashlight with him.
Tom brought a flower and presents for his date.
Tom brought a friend.
Tom brought a gift for Mary.
Tom brought a gift.
Tom brought a kitten to school.
Tom brought a pie.
Tom brought a pitcher of cucumber water.
Tom brought a present for Mary.
Tom brought a present to Mary.
Tom brought a puppy home for his children.
Tom brought a puppy to school.
Tom brought a rat to school.
Tom brought a salad.
Tom brought a small gift for Mary.
Tom brought a tear to many an eye with his eloquent speech at Mary's funeral.
Tom brought a toolbox from the garage.
Tom brought a vuvuzela to church.
Tom brought a vuvuzela to the meeting.
Tom brought a vuvuzela.
Tom brought along his younger sister.
Tom brought an umbrella.
Tom brought back Mary to the police station.
Tom brought back several souvenirs.
Tom brought back some souvenirs.
Tom brought coffee.
Tom brought dinner.
Tom brought discredit on his employer.
Tom brought donuts.
Tom brought down a 249-year-old republic.
Tom brought each of us a gift.
Tom brought enough food for everybody.
Tom brought enough food for everyone.
Tom brought enough food to feed an army.
Tom brought enough food to feed everyone.
Tom brought everyone together.
Tom brought flowers for Mary.
Tom brought flowers.
Tom brought food.
Tom brought his brother with him.
Tom brought his brother.
Tom brought his car to the repair shop to have it checked.
Tom brought his chainsaw with him.
Tom brought his children to work with him this morning.
Tom brought his children with him.
Tom brought his daughter to work.
Tom brought his dog camping with him.
Tom brought his dog over to Mary's house.
Tom brought his dog over to Mary’s house.
Tom brought his dog to school.
Tom brought his dog with him.
Tom brought his dog.
Tom brought his friends with him.
Tom brought his girlfriend with him.
Tom brought his guests some drinks.
Tom brought his guitar with him.
Tom brought his guitar.
Tom brought his hammer with him.
Tom brought his hands to her waist.
Tom brought his husband to the family reunion.
Tom brought his kids to work with him this morning.
Tom brought his kids with him.
Tom brought his knife just in case he needed it.
Tom brought his lunch today.
Tom brought his own mug to the coffee shop.
Tom brought his rifle with him.
Tom brought his sister to meet me.
Tom brought his sister with him.
Tom brought his son fishing with him.
Tom brought his son to work.
Tom brought his toolbox with him.
Tom brought his umbrella with him.
Tom brought his whole brood with him.
Tom brought his wife with him.
Tom brought his.
Tom brought home a basket full of plums that he had picked himself.
Tom brought home a basketful of strawberries.
Tom brought in a wounded starling.
Tom brought it for me.
Tom brought it here.
Tom brought it on himself.
Tom brought it to us yesterday.
Tom brought it to us.
Tom brought it up.
Tom brought it.
Tom brought me a Christmas tree.
Tom brought me a chair.
Tom brought me a cup of coffee.
Tom brought me a cup of tea.
Tom brought me a gift.
Tom brought me a glass of water.
Tom brought me a piece of cake.
Tom brought me a present.
Tom brought me a sandwich.
Tom brought me a slice of pie.
Tom brought me a very nice gift.
Tom brought me a wonderful gift.
Tom brought me an apple fritter.
Tom brought me back in his car.
Tom brought me back something to eat.
Tom brought me coffee.
Tom brought me everything I'd asked for.
Tom brought me everything that I'd asked for.
Tom brought me flowers.
Tom brought me food.
Tom brought me here on our first date.
Tom brought me here.
Tom brought me home.
Tom brought me something to drink.
Tom brought me something to eat.
Tom brought me the documents I requested.
Tom brought me the documents I'd requested.
Tom brought me the documents that I'd requested.
Tom brought me this book.
Tom brought me to his home.
Tom brought me to the bus stop.
Tom brought more flowers for Mary today.
Tom brought petit fours.
Tom brought plenty of food.
Tom brought refreshments.
Tom brought rolls.
Tom brought roses.
Tom brought sandwiches for lunch.
Tom brought some apples.
Tom brought some beer.
Tom brought some clothes for Mary.
Tom brought some donuts.
Tom brought some food with him.
Tom brought some food.
Tom brought some homemade chocolate chip cookies.
Tom brought some pictures to show the class.
Tom brought some snacks.
Tom brought some stuff with him.
Tom brought some toys for the children.
Tom brought some water.
Tom brought something back from Australia for Mary.
Tom brought something back from Australia for me.
Tom brought something back from Australia for you.
Tom brought tarts.
Tom brought that matter up at the meeting.
Tom brought that plant here.
Tom brought that.
Tom brought the brandy.
Tom brought the cash.
Tom brought the child back to life with CPR.
Tom brought the cup to his lips.
Tom brought the dish over to the table.
Tom brought the food over to us.
Tom brought the groceries in for his wife.
Tom brought the problem to our attention.
Tom brought the wine.
Tom brought them a new waste container.
Tom brought this all on himself.
Tom brought this bucket.
Tom brought this from Boston.
Tom brought this on himself.
Tom brought this.
Tom brought three bottles of water with him.
Tom brought three bottles of water.
Tom brought up a very thorny subject during the barbecue.
Tom brought up an interesting point during the meeting.
Tom brought up some good points.
Tom brought up the subject.
Tom brought up wind.
Tom brought us a piece of iron.
Tom brought us each a gift.
Tom brought us gifts.
Tom brought us here to listen to you play the guitar.
Tom brought us home.
Tom brought us sad news.
Tom brought us some gifts.
Tom brought us some presents.
Tom brought us some sandwiches.
Tom brought us something to eat.
Tom brought us together.
Tom brought us up to date.
Tom brought way too much food, so there was some left over.
Tom brought you some flowers.
Tom brushed Mary's hair aside.
Tom brushed Mary's hair for her.
Tom brushed Mary's hair.
Tom brushed a bit of dirt off of his hat.
Tom brushed away the dust.
Tom brushed his beard.
Tom brushed his daughter's hair.
Tom brushed his dog.
Tom brushed his hair back.
Tom brushed his hair out of his face.
Tom brushed his hair.
Tom brushed his horse.
Tom brushed his teeth and put on his pajamas.
Tom brushed his teeth and washed his face.
Tom brushed his teeth while Mary brushed her hair.
Tom brushed his teeth.
Tom brushed off my objections.
Tom brushed the dirt off his jeans.
Tom brushed the dirt off his leg.
Tom brushed the dirt off his pants.
Tom brushed the dust off his pants.
Tom brushed the sand from his clothes.
Tom brushed the sand from his feet.
Tom brushed the sand off his legs.
Tom brushed the sand off his pants.
Tom brushed the snow from his coat.
Tom brushed the snow from his overcoat.
Tom brushed the snow off his boots.
Tom brushed the snow off his clothes.
Tom brushed the snow off his coat.
Tom brushed the snow off his hat.
Tom brushes his daughter's hair almost every morning.
Tom brushes his dog every day.
Tom brushes his hair in the morning.
Tom brushes his teeth after every meal.
Tom brushes his teeth at least three times a day.
Tom brushes his teeth every day.
Tom brushes his teeth more than three times a day.
Tom brushes his teeth three or four times a day.
Tom brutally attacked Mary.
Tom brutally beat Mary to death.
Tom brutally killed Mary.
Tom brutally killed a hostage who tried to sound the alarm system.
Tom buckled his belt.
Tom buckled his seat belt.
Tom budged up so that Mary could sit down next to him.
Tom budgeted three hundred dollars for the party.
Tom bugged Mary with questions.
Tom bugged Mary.
Tom bugs Mary.
Tom bugs everyone.
Tom builds a facade to hide his feelings from others.
Tom builds and sells doghouses.
Tom builds cabins.
Tom builds cottages.
Tom builds houses for a living.
Tom builds microhomes.
Tom builds sheds.
Tom builds tiny houses.
Tom built a Rube Goldberg machine.
Tom built a big snowman for his children.
Tom built a birdhouse.
Tom built a bookcase.
Tom built a cabin near a river.
Tom built a castle in the sand.
Tom built a chicken coop in his backyard.
Tom built a doghouse for his dog.
Tom built a doghouse yesterday.
Tom built a fallout shelter.
Tom built a fence around his garden.
Tom built a footbridge over his neighbor's fish pond while they were vacationing.
Tom built a house for himself from books.
Tom built a house in the woods.
Tom built a house near the river.
Tom built a house on the land he bought three years ago.
Tom built a house.
Tom built a kite.
Tom built a log cabin in the woods.
Tom built a massive business empire in the United States.
Tom built a model airplane.
Tom built a model of the Sydney Opera House out of popsicle sticks.
Tom built a new house for himself and his family.
Tom built a pillow fort.
Tom built a popsicle stick bridge.
Tom built a raft and floated down the river.
Tom built a raft.
Tom built a robot.
Tom built a room above the garage.
Tom built a sandbox for his children.
Tom built a sandcastle.
Tom built a sandcastle. Mary then trampled it.
Tom built a shed behind his house.
Tom built a shelter out of branches.
Tom built a shelter.
Tom built a ship in a bottle.
Tom built a ship inside a bottle.
Tom built a time machine.
Tom built a toolshed in his backyard.
Tom built a trap to catch rabbits.
Tom built a treehouse for his children.
Tom built a treehouse for his kids.
Tom built a treehouse for his two daughters.
Tom built a treehouse.
Tom built a wall around his house.
Tom built all this.
Tom built an earthship.
Tom built an igloo in his backyard.
Tom built an underground shelter in his backyard.
Tom built another toilet in his house.
Tom built himself a house.
Tom built his dog a doghouse.
Tom built his house out of shipping containers.
Tom built his own house.
Tom built his own motorcycle.
Tom built his own telescope.
Tom built his parents a house.
Tom built his son a house next to his own.
Tom built it for me.
Tom built it.
Tom built me.
Tom built that for me.
Tom built that kennel himself.
Tom built the Death Star out of LEGO.
Tom built the doghouse himself.
Tom built the house he lives in.
Tom built the house himself along with the help of a few friends.
Tom built the house that he lives in.
Tom built the whole thing at his own expense.
Tom built them a house.
Tom built things.
Tom built this app in his spare time.
Tom built this cabin by himself.
Tom built this cottage.
Tom built this doghouse all by himself.
Tom built this for me.
Tom built this house.
Tom built this kennel himself.
Tom built this place.
Tom built this restaurant.
Tom built this toolshed three years ago.
Tom built this with his dad.
Tom built this.
Tom built up a good name for himself.
Tom bulked up after he started taking steroids.
Tom bullied Mary.
Tom bullied his classmates.
Tom bullied me when I was in elementary school.
Tom bullied me.
Tom bullies marginalized people.
Tom bumped his head on the ceiling of the car.
Tom bumped his head on the roof of his car.
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.
Tom bumped his head.
Tom bumped into Mary again at a party three years later.
Tom bumped into Mary again later at a party.
Tom bumped into Mary and almost knocked her into the pool.
Tom bumped into Mary and spilled his drink on her.
Tom bumped into Mary at the airport.
Tom bumped into Mary at the train station.
Tom bumped into Mary because he wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom bumped into Mary because he wasn’t looking where he was going.
Tom bumped into Mary in front of his locker and dropped his books.
Tom bumped into Mary on his way to school.
Tom bumped into Mary the other day at the supermarket.
Tom bumped into Mary this morning on his way to school.
Tom bumped into Mary, causing her to spill her coffee on herself.
Tom bumped into Mary.
Tom bumped into a Mary on his way to school.
Tom bumped into a certain Mary on his way to school.
Tom bumped into an old friend at the mall.
Tom bumped into me and knocked me down.
Tom bunked in the pool house.
Tom bunked with the other ranch hands.
Tom buried Mary in the shallow grave.
Tom buried Mary right beside his house.
Tom buried Mary.
Tom buried himself under his blanket and went to sleep.
Tom buried himself under his blanket.
Tom buried his dead pet turtles in tumuli throughout the backyard.
Tom buried his dog behind the barn.
Tom buried his dog in his backyard.
Tom buried his dog over there.
Tom buried his face in his hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
Tom buried his face in his hands.
Tom buried his money somewhere in his backyard.
Tom buried it.
Tom buried the gold coins his grandfather had given him in his backyard.
Tom buried the stolen money in his backyard.
Tom buried the treasure in his backyard.
Tom burned Mary's picture.
Tom burned Mary.
Tom burned a big wad of hundred dollar bills.
Tom burned a hole in his coat.
Tom burned a wad of bills.
Tom burned all his old clothes.
Tom burned all of Mary's possessions.
Tom burned all of his old books.
Tom burned all of his possessions.
Tom burned all of the letters that Mary had sent him.
Tom burned all of the letters that Mary sent him.
Tom burned all the letters Mary had sent him.
Tom burned all the letters from her.
Tom burned all the letters he got from Mary.
Tom burned all the letters in the fireplace.
Tom burned all the letters that Mary had sent him.
Tom burned all the letters that he got from Mary.
Tom burned all the pictures he had of his ex-girlfriend.
Tom burned both of the letters that Mary sent him.
Tom burned everything Mary gave him.
Tom burned everything Mary had given him.
Tom burned everything.
Tom burned himself badly when he took the pie pan out of the oven without using an oven mitt.
Tom burned himself badly.
Tom burned himself on the stove.
Tom burned himself out as a baseball player.
Tom burned himself, playing with matches.
Tom burned himself.
Tom burned his arm.
Tom burned his bridges behind him.
Tom burned his clothes.
Tom burned his diary.
Tom burned his fingers on a hot frying pan.
Tom burned his fingers on the stove.
Tom burned his fingers.
Tom burned his first dinner.
Tom burned his hand on the hot stove.
Tom burned his hand on the stove.
Tom burned his hand.
Tom burned his left hand.
Tom burned his old clothes.
Tom burned his report card.
Tom burned his textbooks.
Tom burned his toast.
Tom burned his tongue on the hot cheese.
Tom burned his tongue on the hot soup.
Tom burned the cake.
Tom burned the cookies.
Tom burned the flag.
Tom burned the letter and the envelope it had come in.
Tom burned the letter.
Tom burned the pancakes.
Tom burned the roof of his mouth biting into the slice of pizza.
Tom burned the roof of his mouth eating pizza.
Tom burned with shame.
Tom burns all his trash in a barrel in his backyard.
Tom burns both wood and coal in his stove.
Tom burnt his bridges.
Tom burnt his fingers.
Tom burnt his hand on the hot oven.
Tom burnt the cabin to the ground.
Tom burnt the candle at both ends preparing for his final exams.
Tom burped and Mary laughed.
Tom burped loudly.
Tom burped.
Tom burps a lot.
Tom burps all the time.
Tom burst into a fit of uncontrollable laughter.
Tom burst into a rage.
Tom burst into laughter.
Tom burst into song, and we all joined in.
Tom burst into song, and we all sang along.
Tom burst into tears and left the room.
Tom burst into tears and ran upstairs.
Tom burst into tears.
Tom burst into the apartment.
Tom burst into the grocery store, pushing a wobbly cart.
Tom burst into the kitchen.
Tom burst into the room crying.
Tom burst into the room with a rifle.
Tom burst into the room.
Tom burst into the room. "Mary, I've got to talk to you!" he said. Startled, John stood up, meaning to go. "I'll leave you to it, then." 
"Stay if you want," said Tom.
Tom burst out crying.
Tom burst out laughing when he saw Mary dancing a jig.
Tom burst out laughing when he saw Mary.
Tom burst out laughing.
Tom bushwhacked Mary.
Tom busted out of prison.
Tom busted the door open.
Tom butt dialed me.
Tom butt-dialed Mary.
Tom butt-dialled Mary.
Tom buttered a slice of bread.
Tom buttered his bread.
Tom buttered his toast.
Tom buttered the toast and put two slices on each plate.
Tom buttoned his coat.
Tom buttoned his jacket up.
Tom buttoned his shirt.
Tom buttoned up his coat.
Tom buttoned up his jacket.
Tom buttoned up his shirt and then put on his tie.
Tom buttoned up his shirt.
Tom buttoned up his uniform.
Tom buys a computer.
Tom buys a daily newspaper.
Tom buys a daily paper.
Tom buys a gallon of two-percent milk every time he goes to the store.
Tom buys a newspaper on his way to work.
Tom buys a pound of coleslaw every day.
Tom buys all his clothes from the outlet mall near his house.
Tom buys all his clothes right off the rack.
Tom buys and sells antique rugs.
Tom buys and sells antiques.
Tom buys and sells cars.
Tom buys and sells horses.
Tom buys and sells old books.
Tom buys and sells old coins.
Tom buys and sells old furniture.
Tom buys and sells used cars.
Tom buys bottled water.
Tom buys bread directly from a bakery.
Tom buys bread three times a week.
Tom buys clothes at a store on Park Street.
Tom buys clothes at the mall.
Tom buys eggs from a local farmer.
Tom buys eggs from us.
Tom buys everything he wants without paying attention to the price.
Tom buys fish from us.
Tom buys fish.
Tom buys me anything I want.
Tom buys me everything I want.
Tom buys me things that I want.
Tom buys medicine at the drugstore across from the post office.
Tom buys new shoes whenever he can find a pair that fit.
Tom buys our vegetables.
Tom buys two or three cameras every year.
Tom buys us vegetables.
Tom buys vegetables from us.
Tom buzzed Mary in.
Tom buzzed Mary.
Tom buzzed his secretary.
Tom buzzed me in.
Tom calculated his expenses.
Tom calculated that he had given Mary over 34,000 dollars in the past six months.
Tom calculated that the total would be over 900 dollars.
Tom calculated the amount of money that was stolen from the bank.
Tom calculated the expenses.
Tom calculates.
Tom called 911 for help.
Tom called 911 from his cellphone.
Tom called 911.
Tom called Dr. Jackson immediately.
Tom called John a "pansy" and got a punch in the face -- now his nose looks like a crushed carnation.
Tom called John a pinko, then John called Tom a fascist.
Tom called John and complained about Mary.
Tom called Mary Monday evening.
Tom called Mary a Karen.
Tom called Mary a couple of days later.
Tom called Mary a couple of times last week.
Tom called Mary a couple of times.
Tom called Mary a coward.
Tom called Mary a crockpot.
Tom called Mary a few more times, but she kept hanging up on him.
Tom called Mary a few more times, but she wouldn't answer her phone.
Tom called Mary a fool.
Tom called Mary a hipster.
Tom called Mary a liar.
Tom called Mary a loser.
Tom called Mary a moron.
Tom called Mary a snowflake.
Tom called Mary a taxi.
Tom called Mary a thief.
Tom called Mary a traitor.
Tom called Mary about fifteen times and then gave up.
Tom called Mary about fifteen times.
Tom called Mary after breakfast.
Tom called Mary after he called John.
Tom called Mary again.
Tom called Mary an "odd fish."
Tom called Mary an idiot.
Tom called Mary and asked her if she wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom called Mary and asked her out.
Tom called Mary and asked her to buy some eggs on her way home.
Tom called Mary and asked her to come over his house.
Tom called Mary and asked her to come over to his house.
Tom called Mary and asked her to come over.
Tom called Mary and asked her to meet him for a drink at the bar across from his office.
Tom called Mary and asked her to pick him up.
Tom called Mary and asked her to pick up a pizza on her way home.
Tom called Mary and asked her what year it was.
Tom called Mary and canceled their date.
Tom called Mary and found out she wasn't planning on coming.
Tom called Mary and found out she wasn’t planning on coming.
Tom called Mary and had her pick him up at the station.
Tom called Mary and pretended to be me.
Tom called Mary and said he was sorry.
Tom called Mary and said that he was sorry.
Tom called Mary and told her about the accident.
Tom called Mary and told her he had to work late.
Tom called Mary and told her he had to work overtime.
Tom called Mary and told her he loved her.
Tom called Mary and told her he needed to stay in Boston for another three days.
Tom called Mary and told her he needed to stay in Boston for three more days.
Tom called Mary and told her he'd be home late.
Tom called Mary and told her he'd be late.
Tom called Mary and told her that he had to work late.
Tom called Mary and told her that he had to work overtime.
Tom called Mary and told her that he loved her.
Tom called Mary and told her that he needed to stay in Boston for another three days.
Tom called Mary and told her that he needed to stay in Boston for three more days.
Tom called Mary and told her that he'd be home late.
Tom called Mary and told her that he'd be late.
Tom called Mary as soon as he got to Boston.
Tom called Mary at 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom called Mary at 2:30 in the morning.
Tom called Mary at 2:30, but she didn't answer.
Tom called Mary at 2:30.
Tom called Mary at about 2:30.
Tom called Mary at around 2:30.
Tom called Mary back the next day.
Tom called Mary back.
Tom called Mary before breakfast.
Tom called Mary continuously.
Tom called Mary early this morning.
Tom called Mary every bad name he could think of.
Tom called Mary every bad name under the sun.
Tom called Mary every day.
Tom called Mary every other day while he was away.
Tom called Mary every ten minutes.
Tom called Mary fat.
Tom called Mary for help.
Tom called Mary from John's house.
Tom called Mary from a pay phone.
Tom called Mary from a payphone.
Tom called Mary from a public phone.
Tom called Mary from his office.
Tom called Mary from jail.
Tom called Mary from the airport.
Tom called Mary from the hotel phone.
Tom called Mary from the hotel.
Tom called Mary from the mountain base camp.
Tom called Mary in the middle of the night.
Tom called Mary instead of John.
Tom called Mary into the kitchen.
Tom called Mary just after 2:30.
Tom called Mary just before 2:30.
Tom called Mary just before midnight.
Tom called Mary last night and encouraged her to join the team.
Tom called Mary last weekend to tell her he was planning to go to Australia for a year.
Tom called Mary last weekend to tell her that he was planning to go to Australia for a year.
Tom called Mary names to her face.
Tom called Mary names.
Tom called Mary on a walkie talkie.
Tom called Mary on her birthday.
Tom called Mary on his satellite phone.
Tom called Mary on the phone.
Tom called Mary over to ask her what she thought of the tie he was thinking of buying.
Tom called Mary over.
Tom called Mary several times this afternoon.
Tom called Mary some nasty names.
Tom called Mary stupid.
Tom called Mary that night.
Tom called Mary the following morning.
Tom called Mary the next day.
Tom called Mary the night that happened.
Tom called Mary this morning.
Tom called Mary three times this afternoon.
Tom called Mary to apologize to her, but she hung up on him.
Tom called Mary to ask her if she wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom called Mary to ask her out.
Tom called Mary to ask her to come over.
Tom called Mary to ask her to help at the bake sale.
Tom called Mary to ask her whether she wanted him to buy some bread on his way home from work.
Tom called Mary to ask if everything was OK.
Tom called Mary to ask why she wasn't at the party.
Tom called Mary to ask why she wasn’t at the party.
Tom called Mary to cancel their date.
Tom called Mary to check on her because she felt ill.
Tom called Mary to come and pick him up.
Tom called Mary to express his sympathy.
Tom called Mary to invite her to his party.
Tom called Mary to say he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to say that he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to see how she was doing.
Tom called Mary to tell her he loved her.
Tom called Mary to tell her he might need help later in the afternoon.
Tom called Mary to tell her he needed her help.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought she should go to Boston with John.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought that she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought that she should go to Boston with John.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought that she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom called Mary to tell her he wanted her help.
Tom called Mary to tell her he wanted her to help John.
Tom called Mary to tell her he was sorry.
Tom called Mary to tell her he wouldn't be home until tomorrow.
Tom called Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to tell her he’d be late.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he loved her.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need help later in the afternoon.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need her help later in the afternoon.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he needed her help.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought she should go to Boston with John.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought that she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought that she should go to Boston with John.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought that she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he wanted her help.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he wanted her to help John.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he was sorry.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to tell her the good news.
Tom called Mary to the phone.
Tom called Mary to the telephone.
Tom called Mary up and asked her what her schedule was.
Tom called Mary up from the airport.
Tom called Mary up yesterday.
Tom called Mary up.
Tom called Mary when he got home.
Tom called Mary when his plane landed in China.
Tom called Mary's bluff.
Tom called Mary's father to let him know that Mary had been involved in an accident.
Tom called Mary's friends, thinking they might know where she was.
Tom called Mary's high school to see if she was there.
Tom called Mary's mother and asked her if Mary was allergic to anything.
Tom called Mary, and there was no answer.
Tom called Mary, but he got no answer.
Tom called Mary, but her mother answered the phone.
Tom called Mary, but somebody else answered her phone.
Tom called Mary, but someone else answered her phone.
Tom called Mary, but the line was busy.
Tom called Mary.
Tom called a cab for Mary.
Tom called a cab for me.
Tom called a cab.
Tom called a co-worker for help.
Tom called a doctor.
Tom called a friend.
Tom called a locksmith.
Tom called a plumber.
Tom called a taxi for Mary.
Tom called a taxi for me.
Tom called a taxi.
Tom called about half an hour ago.
Tom called after midnight.
Tom called again last night.
Tom called again this afternoon.
Tom called again.
Tom called an ambulance immediately.
Tom called an ambulance right away.
Tom called an ambulance.
Tom called an exterminator.
Tom called an extraordinary meeting.
Tom called and asked how everything was going.
Tom called and complained.
Tom called and said he was coming.
Tom called and said he would be late.
Tom called and said that he was coming.
Tom called around 2:30.
Tom called at 2:30.
Tom called back a few minutes later.
Tom called back.
Tom called customer service to complain.
Tom called customer service.
Tom called during your absence.
Tom called every hospital in town, trying to find Mary.
Tom called every hospital in town.
Tom called everybody.
Tom called everyone for an emergency meeting in the office of the Prime Minister.
Tom called for Mary's resignation.
Tom called for a security guard.
Tom called for a tow truck.
Tom called for an ambulance.
Tom called for an interview.
Tom called for attention.
Tom called for backup.
Tom called for help.
Tom called from Australia.
Tom called from Boston.
Tom called from the control tower.
Tom called from the hospital.
Tom called from the library.
Tom called her Mary even though that wasn't really her name.
Tom called her Mary even though that wasn’t really her name.
Tom called her again.
Tom called him a monster.
Tom called himself the Master of the Universe.
Tom called his agent.
Tom called his attorney.
Tom called his boss an idiot.
Tom called his boss to say he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom called his boss to say that he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom called his boss to tell him he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom called his boss to tell him that he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom called his children to tell them that he was OK.
Tom called his dad to wish him a happy Father's Day.
Tom called his dogs.
Tom called his ex-girlfriend and asked her if she'd consider getting back together.
Tom called his ex-girlfriend and asked her whether she'd consider getting back together.
Tom called his father to wish him a happy Father's Day.
Tom called his friends over.
Tom called his insurance company.
Tom called his kids to tell them that he was OK.
Tom called his lawyer.
Tom called his mom to see how she was doing.
Tom called his mom to wish her a happy Mother's Day.
Tom called his mother in Australia.
Tom called his mother to let her know he wouldn't be home in time for dinner.
Tom called his mother to let her know that he wouldn't be home in time for dinner.
Tom called his mother to wish her a happy Mother's Day.
Tom called his parents to let them know he was in the hospital.
Tom called his parents to let them know he was safe.
Tom called his parents to let them know he'd been arrested.
Tom called his parents to let them know that he was in the hospital.
Tom called his parents to let them know that he was safe.
Tom called his parents to let them know that he'd been arrested.
Tom called his parents, but they didn't answer the phone.
Tom called his wife and told her he'd be late for dinner.
Tom called his wife and told her that he'd be late for dinner.
Tom called his wife to say he'd be late.
Tom called his wife to tell her he wouldn't be home for dinner.
Tom called his wife to tell her he'd be late for dinner.
Tom called his wife to tell her he'd be late.
Tom called home.
Tom called in an expert.
Tom called in sick again.
Tom called in sick this morning.
Tom called in sick today.
Tom called in sick yesterday.
Tom called in sick.
Tom called it a day.
Tom called many times.
Tom called me Mary by mistake.
Tom called me Mary.
Tom called me a bum.
Tom called me a cab.
Tom called me a coward.
Tom called me a few hours ago.
Tom called me a fool.
Tom called me a liar.
Tom called me a loser.
Tom called me a party pooper because I left the party just after midnight.
Tom called me a pig.
Tom called me a scaredy-cat.
Tom called me a scumbag.
Tom called me a slacker.
Tom called me a stupid boy.
Tom called me a stupid jerk.
Tom called me a taxi.
Tom called me a thug.
Tom called me about thirty minutes ago and said he was on his way.
Tom called me after Mary called him.
Tom called me again this morning.
Tom called me almost every day while he was in Australia.
Tom called me almost every day while he was in Boston.
Tom called me almost every day.
Tom called me an idiot because of my opinion.
Tom called me an idiot.
Tom called me and asked me to come to Boston.
Tom called me and said that he needed me to do him a favor.
Tom called me and told me that I should come immediately.
Tom called me asking if I was at work.
Tom called me at 2:30 in the morning.
Tom called me at home.
Tom called me at three in the morning.
Tom called me back a few minutes later.
Tom called me back.
Tom called me because he needed something.
Tom called me brother.
Tom called me by my first name.
Tom called me by name.
Tom called me by the wrong name.
Tom called me dumb.
Tom called me fat.
Tom called me from Australia yesterday.
Tom called me from Australia.
Tom called me from Boston yesterday.
Tom called me from Boston.
Tom called me from Croatia.
Tom called me in the middle of the night.
Tom called me in the morning.
Tom called me in.
Tom called me just after midnight.
Tom called me just before noon.
Tom called me last Monday.
Tom called me last night from Australia.
Tom called me last night from Boston.
Tom called me last night.
Tom called me late last night.
Tom called me lazy.
Tom called me many times.
Tom called me names.
Tom called me on my mobile.
Tom called me on the evening of the 20th.
Tom called me on the evening of the twentieth.
Tom called me out of the blue one day.
Tom called me out of the blue.
Tom called me several times today.
Tom called me several times.
Tom called me stupid.
Tom called me that night.
Tom called me the other day.
Tom called me this afternoon.
Tom called me three days ago.
Tom called me three days later.
Tom called me to apologize.
Tom called me to let me know he'd be late.
Tom called me to say thank you.
Tom called me to tell me that he has a flat tire.
Tom called me today.
Tom called me up from Australia.
Tom called me up from Boston.
Tom called me up.
Tom called me very late last night.
Tom called me yesterday at nine in the morning.
Tom called me yesterday morning.
Tom called me, asking if we could meet, and I told him that I would be with him in ten minutes.
Tom called me, too.
Tom called me.
Tom called my bluff.
Tom called my name.
Tom called off his trip.
Tom called off the party.
Tom called off. Can you come in tonight?
Tom called on Mary to express his sympathy.
Tom called out for Mary.
Tom called out for help.
Tom called out sick again.
Tom called out to John and asked him to turn himself in.
Tom called out to Mary.
Tom called roadside assistance.
Tom called security on them.
Tom called security.
Tom called shotgun.
Tom called some friends for help.
Tom called tech support for help.
Tom called the accusations ridiculous.
Tom called the bank.
Tom called the cop arresting him a Nazi.
Tom called the cops on us.
Tom called the cops right away.
Tom called the cops.
Tom called the crisis helpline.
Tom called the doctor.
Tom called the dog catcher to report several stray dogs in his neighborhood.
Tom called the fire brigade when his kitten got stuck up a tree.
Tom called the fire department.
Tom called the hotel.
Tom called the hotline.
Tom called the insurance company to report that his car had been stolen.
Tom called the mechanic.
Tom called the meeting to order.
Tom called the meeting.
Tom called the neighbors.
Tom called the office three times.
Tom called the office to say that he'd be late.
Tom called the office to say that he’d be late.
Tom called the office.
Tom called the plumber.
Tom called the police and reported that his daughter was missing.
Tom called the police and waited for them to arrive.
Tom called the police for help.
Tom called the police immediately.
Tom called the police right away.
Tom called the police to report that Mary was missing.
Tom called the police.
Tom called the referee an idiot.
Tom called the sheriff's office.
Tom called the situation dire.
Tom called the striking workers a rabble.
Tom called the striking workers the mob.
Tom called the students back into the room to tell them about the plane crash.
Tom called the suicide hotline.
Tom called the wrong number.
Tom called this morning.
Tom called three days ago.
Tom called three times.
Tom called to ask how everything was going.
Tom called to ask if he should bring anything.
Tom called to ask if there was anything he could do to help.
Tom called to ask if we needed any help.
Tom called to her across the street.
Tom called to let me know he wouldn't be coming to my party.
Tom called to let me know that he'd be three hours late.
Tom called to say he can't come to help.
Tom called to say he couldn't attend the meeting.
Tom called to say he overslept.
Tom called to say he was on his way home.
Tom called to say he wasn't coming to work today.
Tom called to say he won't be able to come tonight.
Tom called to say he won't be here today.
Tom called to say he won't be here tonight.
Tom called to say he would be late.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be home for lunch.
Tom called to say he'd be a little late.
Tom called to say he'd be late.
Tom called to say he'd be more than three hours late.
Tom called to say he'd be three hours late.
Tom called to say he's on his way.
Tom called to say thank you.
Tom called to say thanks.
Tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom called to say that he couldn’t attend today’s meeting.
Tom called to say that he'd be a little late.
Tom called to say that he'd be late.
Tom called to say that he'd be more than three hours late.
Tom called to say that he'll be late.
Tom called to say wouldn't be back until after 2:30.
Tom called to say you can't stay with him next week when you visit Boston.
Tom called to see if Mary was OK.
Tom called to tell Mary he'd be late.
Tom called to tell Mary that he'd be late.
Tom called to tell Mary that he’d be late.
Tom called to tell me he'd be late.
Tom called to tell me he'd been in a traffic accident.
Tom called to tell me the news.
Tom called to thank you for the gift.
Tom called to thank you for your help.
Tom called twice.
Tom called up and Mary pretended to be a phone tree.
Tom called up his friend Mary.
Tom called up his friend.
Tom called us liars.
Tom called us yesterday.
Tom called us.
Tom called while you were in the shower.
Tom called while you were out.
Tom called yesterday morning.
Tom called yesterday.
Tom called you a crackpot.
Tom called you.
Tom called you?
Tom called.
Tom calls Mary a lot.
Tom calls Mary all the time.
Tom calls Mary at least once a day.
Tom calls Mary at least three times a day.
Tom calls Mary every day just before lunch.
Tom calls Mary every day.
Tom calls Mary every evening.
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at least 45 minutes.
Tom calls Mary every night.
Tom calls Mary once in a while.
Tom calls Mary several times a day.
Tom calls Mary up every night.
Tom calls a spade a spade.
Tom calls all the news that he disagrees with fake news.
Tom calls all the time.
Tom calls every night.
Tom calls himself a hobbyist.
Tom calls himself a space pirate.
Tom calls his first love a "bitter memory".
Tom calls his girlfriend Mary, even though that's not really her name.
Tom calls his karate teacher Sensei.
Tom calls his mother at least once a week.
Tom calls his mother once a week.
Tom calls his mother three or four times a week.
Tom calls his stepfather Daddy.
Tom calls his toad Viktor.
Tom calls me about three times a day.
Tom calls me all the time.
Tom calls me almost every day.
Tom calls me by my first name.
Tom calls me every day at 2:30.
Tom calls me every day at about 2:30.
Tom calls me every day.
Tom calls me every night.
Tom calls me only when he needs something.
Tom calls no man mister.
Tom calls the Gulf of Mexico the "Gulf of Tom."
Tom calls the shots here.
Tom calls the shots.
Tom calmed Mary.
Tom calmed down after Mary gave him a hug.
Tom calmed down.
Tom calmed the baby.
Tom calmly explained the situation.
Tom calmly poured himself a drink.
Tom calmly reloaded his pistol.
Tom came 30 minutes late.
Tom came a day earlier than we expected.
Tom came a day too late.
Tom came a few days later.
Tom came a little after noon.
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.
Tom came a little late.
Tom came about 2:30.
Tom came about three.
Tom came across Mary on his way to school.
Tom came across as being an extremely intelligent man.
Tom came across some old photos of his grandparents.
Tom came across the street.
Tom came after Mary left.
Tom came after everybody else had left.
Tom came after everyone else had left.
Tom came after me.
Tom came after you left.
Tom came again the next morning.
Tom came all the way from Australia just to see Mary.
Tom came all the way from Australia just to see me.
Tom came all the way from Australia to see Mary.
Tom came all the way from Australia to see me.
Tom came all the way from Australia.
Tom came all the way from Boston just to see Mary.
Tom came all the way from Boston to see Mary.
Tom came all the way from Boston to see me.
Tom came all the way from Boston.
Tom came alone, without Mary.
Tom came alone.
Tom came along at just the right time.
Tom came along at the right time.
Tom came along much later.
Tom came along soon after.
Tom came along.
Tom came and cooked dinner for me when I was sick.
Tom came and picked me up.
Tom came and sat down next to Mary.
Tom came and stayed with us in Australia last winter.
Tom came and stayed with us in Boston last spring.
Tom came and woke me up.
Tom came around in the morgue.
Tom came around.
Tom came as soon as we called him.
Tom came at 2:30.
Tom came at a good time.
Tom came at an inopportune time.
Tom came at dawn.
Tom came at me with a golf club.
Tom came at me with a knife in his hand.
Tom came at me with a knife.
Tom came at once.
Tom came at six sharp.
Tom came at the usual time.
Tom came at two-thirty.
Tom came away impressed with Mary.
Tom came away impressed.
Tom came back Monday morning.
Tom came back a day earlier.
Tom came back a different person.
Tom came back a few years later.
Tom came back a little after lunch.
Tom came back a week ago.
Tom came back after a year.
Tom came back after dark.
Tom came back after many years.
Tom came back after three days.
Tom came back again.
Tom came back alone.
Tom came back an hour later.
Tom came back as if nothing had happened.
Tom came back at 2:30.
Tom came back at three.
Tom came back by way of Boston.
Tom came back covered in mud.
Tom came back downstairs.
Tom came back early.
Tom came back for seconds.
Tom came back from Australia a couple of months ago.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than he'd planned to.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than he'd planned.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than we expected him to.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than we expected.
Tom came back from Australia last week.
Tom came back from Australia the week before last.
Tom came back from Australia.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than he'd planned to.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than he'd planned.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than we expected him to.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than we expected.
Tom came back from Boston last week.
Tom came back from Boston the week before last.
Tom came back from the fair with a stomachache.
Tom came back from the kitchen into the living room with two bottles of beer and handed one of them to John.
Tom came back from the kitchen with a tray.
Tom came back from the kitchen, carrying a tray.
Tom came back from the nightclub at six in the morning, just in time to go to work.
Tom came back from the store without anything.
Tom came back here to see Mary.
Tom came back home a while ago.
Tom came back home after being gone for many years.
Tom came back home after dark.
Tom came back home covered in mud.
Tom came back home for Christmas.
Tom came back home just in time for Christmas.
Tom came back home last month after being in Australia for three years.
Tom came back home last week.
Tom came back home the next day.
Tom came back home three days ago.
Tom came back home three days later.
Tom came back home tired.
Tom came back home very tired.
Tom came back home yesterday after having been gone for three years.
Tom came back home.
Tom came back in about thirty minutes.
Tom came back in.
Tom came back inside the room.
Tom came back into the kitchen.
Tom came back into the living room.
Tom came back into the office.
Tom came back into the room with a smile on his face.
Tom came back into the room.
Tom came back just as I was leaving.
Tom came back just in time for Christmas.
Tom came back last October for a brief visit.
Tom came back last October.
Tom came back later.
Tom came back many years later.
Tom came back one day early.
Tom came back one hour later.
Tom came back out of the cave.
Tom came back safe and sound.
Tom came back soon.
Tom came back this morning.
Tom came back three days later.
Tom came back three hours later.
Tom came back three months later.
Tom came back to Australia for a class reunion.
Tom came back to Australia last October.
Tom came back to Australia last year.
Tom came back to Australia.
Tom came back to Boston after being away for three years.
Tom came back to Boston after spending three years in Chicago.
Tom came back to Boston for a class reunion.
Tom came back to Boston in 2013.
Tom came back to Boston last Monday.
Tom came back to Boston last October.
Tom came back to Boston last week.
Tom came back to Boston last year.
Tom came back to Boston three days ago.
Tom came back to Boston.
Tom came back to the garden and looked around.
Tom came back upstairs.
Tom came back with a shotgun.
Tom came back with his friends.
Tom came back yesterday morning.
Tom came back.
Tom came because Mary asked him to.
Tom came before 2:30.
Tom came before anyone else.
Tom came before noon.
Tom came by bus.
Tom came by car.
Tom came by city bus.
Tom came by earlier.
Tom came by here earlier.
Tom came by himself.
Tom came by my desk to ask me a question.
Tom came by my house yesterday morning.
Tom came by this morning.
Tom came by to visit late yesterday afternoon.
Tom came by today.
Tom came by train.
Tom came by yesterday.
Tom came by.
Tom came clean.
Tom came close dying twice last night.
Tom came close to beating Mary to death.
Tom came close to being hit by a car.
Tom came close to being killed by a stray arrow.
Tom came close to being run over by a car.
Tom came close to being run over by a truck.
Tom came close to being run over.
Tom came close to breaking an arm.
Tom came close to doing that.
Tom came close to drowning.
Tom came close to losing an eye.
Tom came close to winning.
Tom came close.
Tom came closer.
Tom came directly home.
Tom came down for breakfast at 6:30.
Tom came down from the attic, carrying a cardboard box.
Tom came down the stairs carrying his suitcases.
Tom came down the steps followed by Mary.
Tom came down to breakfast earlier than usual.
Tom came down to breakfast in his pajamas.
Tom came down to breakfast still dressed in his pajamas.
Tom came down to see me.
Tom came down to the basement.
Tom came down with a cold and couldn't go to school.
Tom came down with a cold and couldn’t go to school.
Tom came down with a cold.
Tom came down with the flu.
Tom came downstairs and saw the front door wide open.
Tom came downstairs in his pajamas.
Tom came downstairs, so we stopped kissing immediately.
Tom came downstairs.
Tom came earlier than usual today.
Tom came early, as he'd been asked to do.
Tom came early.
Tom came even though it was raining.
Tom came first.
Tom came for a visit last weekend.
Tom came for a visit yesterday.
Tom came for help.
Tom came for me.
Tom came for the sole purpose of getting information.
Tom came for the weekend.
Tom came forward.
Tom came from Australia yesterday.
Tom came from Boston yesterday.
Tom came from a family who didn't talk about their feelings.
Tom came from a good home.
Tom came from a poor background, but he later became quite rich.
Tom came from all the way from Canada to see me.
Tom came from his other part-time job.
Tom came from the future.
Tom came half an hour late.
Tom came here a long time ago.
Tom came here again yesterday.
Tom came here again.
Tom came here all the way from Australia.
Tom came here all the way from Boston.
Tom came here almost every day last month.
Tom came here alone.
Tom came here before noon and left before 2:30.
Tom came here before sunset.
Tom came here by bicycle.
Tom came here by himself.
Tom came here by taxi.
Tom came here earlier looking for Mary.
Tom came here earlier this week.
Tom came here every Monday when he was a kid.
Tom came here every morning last week.
Tom came here every weekend when he was a teenager.
Tom came here for help.
Tom came here for the money.
Tom came here from Australia.
Tom came here from Boston.
Tom came here in a taxi.
Tom came here last night.
Tom came here last week to visit us.
Tom came here last week.
Tom came here looking for Mary.
Tom came here on a secret mission.
Tom came here on foot.
Tom came here on his own.
Tom came here this morning to give you this.
Tom came here this morning to help Mary.
Tom came here three hours ago.
Tom came here to ask us to help Mary.
Tom came here to ask us to help him.
Tom came here to be alone.
Tom came here to help me.
Tom came here to help us fill out these forms.
Tom came here to help us.
Tom came here to help.
Tom came here to learn French.
Tom came here to pursue his career.
Tom came here to see me.
Tom came here to see you.
Tom came here to speak to us.
Tom came here to study French.
Tom came here to talk to Mary.
Tom came here to use my computer.
Tom came here today asking for help.
Tom came here today by bicycle.
Tom came here today looking for trouble.
Tom came here today looking to start a fight.
Tom came here with Mary, didn't he?
Tom came here with Mary.
Tom came here yesterday for the first time.
Tom came here yesterday morning to help us.
Tom came here yesterday to help us paint our kitchen.
Tom came here yesterday with his girlfriend.
Tom came here yesterday.
Tom came here.
Tom came home Monday afternoon at 2:30.
Tom came home a few hours later.
Tom came home after dark.
Tom came home after midnight.
Tom came home all covered in mud.
Tom came home alone.
Tom came home and ate lunch with us, and then he went back to work.
Tom came home and did his homework.
Tom came home at 2:30.
Tom came home at 6.30.
Tom came home at midnight.
Tom came home by bus.
Tom came home covered with mud.
Tom came home crying after school.
Tom came home crying.
Tom came home dead tired.
Tom came home disappointed.
Tom came home drunk every night last week.
Tom came home drunk from a party.
Tom came home drunk from the party.
Tom came home drunk last night.
Tom came home drunk.
Tom came home earlier than I expected.
Tom came home earlier than Mary expected.
Tom came home earlier than usual today.
Tom came home early to pick Mary up.
Tom came home early today.
Tom came home early yesterday.
Tom came home early.
Tom came home empty-handed.
Tom came home exhausted.
Tom came home fairly late last night.
Tom came home filthy.
Tom came home for the Thanksgiving weekend.
Tom came home for the summer.
Tom came home for three days and then went back to Boston.
Tom came home from Australia last week.
Tom came home from Boston last week.
Tom came home from school earlier than usual.
Tom came home from school early today because he wasn't feeling well.
Tom came home from school early today.
Tom came home from vacation with a nice suntan.
Tom came home from work earlier than usual today.
Tom came home from work earlier today.
Tom came home from work early today.
Tom came home from work late.
Tom came home fuming.
Tom came home hungry.
Tom came home in tears.
Tom came home just now.
Tom came home last night.
Tom came home last weekend.
Tom came home late last night.
Tom came home late.
Tom came home later than usual yesterday.
Tom came home limping.
Tom came home looking exhausted.
Tom came home on Monday.
Tom came home pretty late last night.
Tom came home soaking wet and exhausted.
Tom came home soaking wet.
Tom came home sooner than I expected.
Tom came home that night extremely ill.
Tom came home this afternoon.
Tom came home three days later.
Tom came home unexpectedly.
Tom came home upset.
Tom came home very drunk last night.
Tom came home very drunk.
Tom came home very late and he was drunk.
Tom came home very late last night.
Tom came home very late.
Tom came home very tired this afternoon.
Tom came home with a box of old clothes.
Tom came home with a headache.
Tom came home with me.
Tom came home with tears in his eyes.
Tom came home yesterday.
Tom came home, changed his clothes, and then went out again.
Tom came home, packed his bags in a hurry, and left.
Tom came home.
Tom came hoping to see you.
Tom came in alone.
Tom came in and handed Mary an envelope.
Tom came in and handed a message to Mary.
Tom came in and immediately sat down.
Tom came in and sat down on one of the chairs.
Tom came in at the last minute.
Tom came in carrying a big suitcase.
Tom came in carrying a grocery bag.
Tom came in carrying a six pack of beer.
Tom came in carrying a stack of books.
Tom came in carrying groceries.
Tom came in carrying something.
Tom came in carrying three cups of espresso.
Tom came in early.
Tom came in first in the competition.
Tom came in first place.
Tom came in first.
Tom came in for an interview.
Tom came in from the cold.
Tom came in here earlier.
Tom came in here.
Tom came in just as I was going out.
Tom came in just as I was leaving.
Tom came in last in the race.
Tom came in last.
Tom came in late.
Tom came in out of the rain.
Tom came in person.
Tom came in second in the race.
Tom came in second place at the hot dog eating contest.
Tom came in sight.
Tom came in spite of the bad weather.
Tom came in the front door.
Tom came in the house without taking his shoes off.
Tom came in third in the race.
Tom came in third place in the race.
Tom came in third place.
Tom came in third.
Tom came in thirty minutes too early.
Tom came in this morning looking happy.
Tom came in through a secret door in the wall.
Tom came in through a window.
Tom came in through the back door.
Tom came in through the back entrance.
Tom came in through the front door.
Tom came in through the window.
Tom came in today.
Tom came in with Mary.
Tom came in with a complaint.
Tom came in with a game plan.
Tom came in with a wrench in his hand.
Tom came in, grabbed his briefcase, and left.
Tom came in.
Tom came inside.
Tom came instead of Mary.
Tom came into my office after lunch.
Tom came into my office and closed the door.
Tom came into my room and gave me a sandwich.
Tom came into my room without knocking.
Tom came into my room.
Tom came into the bedroom and stole my dreams.
Tom came into the building, carrying a heavy box.
Tom came into the building.
Tom came into the café and made a scene because I was sitting there with some male students from my course discussing our seminar paper.
Tom came into the classroom and sat at his desk.
Tom came into the classroom just before the class started.
Tom came into the classroom three minutes after the bell had rung.
Tom came into the conference room, carrying a bunch of documents.
Tom came into the house, carrying his skateboard.
Tom came into the house.
Tom came into the kitchen carrying two grocery bags.
Tom came into the kitchen.
Tom came into the living room, not wearing any pants.
Tom came into the lounge, carrying a cup of coffee.
Tom came into the lunchroom, looking for Mary.
Tom came into the office.
Tom came into the restaurant and sat at his usual table.
Tom came into the room a few minutes after Mary.
Tom came into the room and started shouting.
Tom came into the room and started yelling.
Tom came into the room carrying three bottles of wine.
Tom came into the room quietly.
Tom came into the room wearing a bathrobe.
Tom came into the room with a glass of orange juice.
Tom came into the room with a gun in his hand.
Tom came into the room with a smile on his face.
Tom came into the room without knocking on the door.
Tom came into the room without knocking.
Tom came into the room without permission.
Tom came into the room, carrying a bunch of flowers.
Tom came into the room, crying.
Tom came into the room, followed by John and Mary.
Tom came into the room, sobbing.
Tom came into the room, took off his hat and coat, and sat down.
Tom came into the room.
Tom came into this world in 2013.
Tom came just after you left.
Tom came just as I was leaving.
Tom came just before dinner.
Tom came just in the nick of time.
Tom came just in time.
Tom came last week.
Tom came last.
Tom came late and left early.
Tom came late as usual.
Tom came late but stayed long.
Tom came late.
Tom came looking for me.
Tom came more than ten times.
Tom came near being drowned.
Tom came near being hit by a car.
Tom came near being run over.
Tom came near to being hit by that truck.
Tom came near to being run over.
Tom came near to drowning.
Tom came near to getting killed.
Tom came next.
Tom came on Christmas day.
Tom came on Friday.
Tom came on Mary's boobs.
Tom came on Mary's tits.
Tom came on Monday and went back home the following day.
Tom came on Monday and went back home the next day.
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
Tom came on Monday.
Tom came on his own.
Tom came on stage.
Tom came on time.
Tom came onto me.
Tom came out ahead.
Tom came out as soon as he went to college.
Tom came out from behind the curtain.
Tom came out from where he was hiding.
Tom came out in a rash after changing to a new medication.
Tom came out of Mary's office, carrying a stack of books.
Tom came out of his bedroom wearing pajamas and fluffy slippers.
Tom came out of his bedroom wearing pajamas and fuzzy slippers.
Tom came out of his hiding place.
Tom came out of his house and got into his car.
Tom came out of his house with a big smile on his face.
Tom came out of his office to see what was going on.
Tom came out of his office.
Tom came out of his room, carrying a heavy suitcase.
Tom came out of his room, carrying a large suitcase.
Tom came out of his room.
Tom came out of nowhere.
Tom came out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist.
Tom came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.
Tom came out of the bathroom with only a towel on.
Tom came out of the building.
Tom came out of the cave.
Tom came out of the closet to his parents at the age of 24.
Tom came out of the garden with a bunch of flowers.
Tom came out of the hospital with a smile on his face.
Tom came out of the house with his hands in the air.
Tom came out of the house with his hands up.
Tom came out of the kitchen carrying three cups of coffee on a tray.
Tom came out of the library with an armful of books.
Tom came out of the locker room wearing nothing but a towel.
Tom came out of the principal's office crying.
Tom came out of the room first.
Tom came out of the room last.
Tom came out of the room.
Tom came out of the shadows.
Tom came out of the shelter and looked around. All he could see was devastated land.
Tom came out on the patio, carrying a case of beer.
Tom came out on the stage and started playing his guitar.
Tom came out on top.
Tom came out to his parents as a furry.
Tom came out to his parents when he was 24.
Tom came out to play.
Tom came out very badly.
Tom came out.
Tom came outside to play with us.
Tom came outside to see what was happening.
Tom came outside.
Tom came over and asked if Mary and I were OK.
Tom came over and cooked dinner for us.
Tom came over and gave me a hug.
Tom came over and had dinner with us.
Tom came over and helped me.
Tom came over and shook my hand.
Tom came over and started talking to me.
Tom came over for dinner last night.
Tom came over for dinner yesterday evening.
Tom came over for just as I was about to leave.
Tom came over just as I was about to do that.
Tom came over last night to study with Mary.
Tom came over last night.
Tom came over on Monday.
Tom came over to help me with my homework.
Tom came over to help me.
Tom came over to join us at our table.
Tom came over to me and asked me what I was doing.
Tom came over to my desk and handed me an envelope.
Tom came over to my desk to give me something.
Tom came over to my desk to give something to me.
Tom came over to my house after school.
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.
Tom came over to my house last night.
Tom came over to my house yesterday afternoon.
Tom came over to my house yesterday.
Tom came over to my place a few nights ago.
Tom came over to my place after school.
Tom came over to my place at 2:30.
Tom came over to my place last night.
Tom came over to my place this afternoon.
Tom came over to my place yesterday for lunch.
Tom came over to our table to ask us a question.
Tom came over to take pictures of my house.
Tom came over to talk to Mary.
Tom came over to talk to me.
Tom came over to us and offered to help.
Tom came over to visit us last night.
Tom came over while you were asleep.
Tom came over without calling first.
Tom came over yesterday and John's coming over tomorrow.
Tom came over yesterday with one of his friends.
Tom came over.
Tom came prepared.
Tom came pretty close to getting hit by a truck.
Tom came racing down the stairs.
Tom came really close to being killed.
Tom came right after you left.
Tom came right away.
Tom came right over.
Tom came running after me to give me something.
Tom came running down the path.
Tom came running down the stairs.
Tom came running into the living room.
Tom came running into the room.
Tom came running to meet us.
Tom came running with a letter from Judy.
Tom came running.
Tom came rushing down the stairs.
Tom came second.
Tom came soon.
Tom came straight home after school.
Tom came straight home.
Tom came straight to the point.
Tom came straight up to me.
Tom came swanning into the room, looking pleased with himself.
Tom came this morning and asked for my daughter's hand in marriage.
Tom came this morning to bring back what you lent him.
Tom came this morning to give Mary gift.
Tom came this morning to return what you lent him.
Tom came three days ago.
Tom came three hours early.
Tom came three minutes after I called him.
Tom came three minutes after I called.
Tom came through Frankfurt without calling us.
Tom came through the door.
Tom came to America as a stowaway on a ship.
Tom came to Ashgabat yesterday.
Tom came to Australia a little over three years ago.
Tom came to Australia a lot last year.
Tom came to Australia about three years ago.
Tom came to Australia after graduating from high school.
Tom came to Australia almost three years ago.
Tom came to Australia and stayed with us last winter.
Tom came to Australia as a refugee.
Tom came to Australia as a teacher.
Tom came to Australia at the age of thirteen.
Tom came to Australia for Christmas.
Tom came to Australia for the first time when he was three years old.
Tom came to Australia for the first time when he was three.
Tom came to Australia from New Zealand over thirty years ago.
Tom came to Australia hoping to find a job.
Tom came to Australia in 2013 and lived here until 2017.
Tom came to Australia in 2013.
Tom came to Australia just about three years ago.
