Sami's mom had a copy of the Quran.
Sami's mom had to go to work.
Sami's mom has been dead for 16 years.
Sami's mom has been dead for sixteen years.
Sami's mom is Catholic.
Sami's mom is Egyptian and his dad is Filipino.
Sami's mom is Egyptian and his father is Canadian.
Sami's mom is a cat lady.
Sami's mom is a good Christian.
Sami's mom is a nice lady.
Sami's mom is a teacher.
Sami's mom is a very nice lady.
Sami's mom is an investigator.
Sami's mom is distraught.
Sami's mom is going to kill him.
Sami's mom is gonna kill him.
Sami's mom is here.
Sami's mom is mad at him.
Sami's mom is not a Muslim.
Sami's mom is there.
Sami's mom is very smart.
Sami's mom isn't yet Muslim.
Sami's mom knew.
Sami's mom left him behind.
Sami's mom let us come.
Sami's mom lived in Egypt at the time.
Sami's mom passed away.
Sami's mom picked him up from the mall.
Sami's mom picked him up.
Sami's mom punished him.
Sami's mom put him in an Islamic school.
Sami's mom remarried.
Sami's mom saw his tattoo.
Sami's mom was a hard mom on him.
Sami's mom was always very organized.
Sami's mom was at work.
Sami's mom was best friends with that woman.
Sami's mom was cheating on his father.
Sami's mom was cool, too.
Sami's mom was crazy.
Sami's mom was dying.
Sami's mom was going to pick him up from the mall.
Sami's mom was in Egypt.
Sami's mom was in the living room.
Sami's mom was in the military.
Sami's mom was just screaming as his father savagely beat him with a stick.
Sami's mom was never mom.
Sami's mom was not happy at all.
Sami's mom was only twenty six at the time.
Sami's mom was paying his rent.
Sami's mom was pissed.
Sami's mom was six years younger than my mom.
Sami's mom was so angry.
Sami's mom was so mad.
Sami's mom was super young.
Sami's mom was there.
Sami's mom was very invasive.
Sami's mom was very strict.
Sami's mom wasn't around when he was growing up.
Sami's mom wasn't happy at all.
Sami's mom wasn't there.
Sami's mom went home.
Sami's mom went through his phone and she saw Layla's text messages.
Sami's mom will be gone soon and all this will be his.
Sami's mom will beat his ass.
Sami's mom worked so hard.
Sami's money can't buy him happiness.
Sami's money disappeared.
Sami's money was in his bag.
Sami's most viewed video was viewed 6 million times.
Sami's mother abandoned him when he was just six.
Sami's mother abandoned him when he was six.
Sami's mother and brother came home.
Sami's mother called us.
Sami's mother committed suicide and he was there when it happened.
Sami's mother didn't believe him.
Sami's mother died a short time after his father.
Sami's mother died of breast cancer.
Sami's mother died.
Sami's mother disowned him.
Sami's mother has passed away.
Sami's mother is Catholic.
Sami's mother is a kindergarten teacher.
Sami's mother is now dead.
Sami's mother knew.
Sami's mother remarried.
Sami's mother sold him to a man for a few beers.
Sami's mother tried to kill him.
Sami's mother was Muslim.
Sami's mother was always loving and open.
Sami's mother was always very strict.
Sami's mother was an amazing woman.
Sami's mother was bleaching his hair blond to match hers.
Sami's mother was cooking for us.
Sami's mother was downstairs the whole time.
Sami's mother was on his stepdad's side, not on his.
Sami's mother was pregnant, too.
Sami's mother was super sweet.
Sami's mother was very fat.
Sami's mother was very laid-back.
Sami's mother was very supportive of him leaving Cairo.
Sami's mother was very supportive of him leaving here.
Sami's mother wasn't even Christian herself.
Sami's mother went out with a lot of men.
Sami's mother would do anything to provide for her son.
Sami's mother-in-law died last night.
Sami's motorbike is brand new.
Sami's mouth dropped open.
Sami's mouth was numb and he couldn't talk.
Sami's mouth was numb.
Sami's mouth was open.
Sami's mouth was stuffed with sand.
Sami's movements were sporadic.
Sami's movies developed a cult following.
Sami's moving date is in June.
Sami's murder didn't make sense.
Sami's murder has gone unsolved.
Sami's music got louder and louder.
Sami's music kept getting louder and louder.
Sami's mutilated body was in his room, decapitated and his heart removed.
Sami's nails are so short.
Sami's name appeared twice on the list.
Sami's name is now legally Layla.
Sami's name is really unique.
Sami's name isn't common.
Sami's name isn't very common.
Sami's name never came up in the investigation.
Sami's name popped up on Layla's phone.
Sami's name showed up several times in Layla's inbox.
Sami's name sounded so familiar.
Sami's name sounds familiar to me.
Sami's name starts with an S.
Sami's name was called to testified.
Sami's name was not to be brought up during that conversation.
Sami's name was on the list.
Sami's name was there.
Sami's neck was bleeding.
Sami's need to punish Layla superseded any love he had for her and their children.
Sami's needle contained poison.
Sami's needs escalated.
Sami's neighbor was a sex offender.
Sami's neighbor was a sexual predator.
Sami's neighborhood is not that great.
Sami's neighborhood isn't that great.
Sami's neighborhood was on that documentary.
Sami's neighborhood was relatively new.
Sami's neighborhood was very dirty.
Sami's neighborhood was well lit.
Sami's neighbors are bitches.
Sami's neighbors are college students.
Sami's neighbors are relatively nice.
Sami's neighbors were horrified.
Sami's neighbors were questioned about the shooting.
Sami's neighbors were terrorized.
Sami's neighbors where rich.
Sami's net worth was in the multi-millions.
Sami's new dog has been in Layla's family for six years.
Sami's new girlfriend is a tomboy.
Sami's new habits led him to a terrible fate.
Sami's new house is fully furnished.
Sami's newborn son was constantly crying.
Sami's next magic show will be really amazing.
Sami's nickname was "Rambo."
Sami's nose is extremely red.
Sami's nose is running.
Sami's nose is still red.
Sami's nose is very long.
Sami's note contained 66 typed words.
Sami's note was addressed to Mom.
Sami's number is in Layla's phone.
Sami's numbers are the highest.
Sami's odd behavior persisted.
Sami's office didn't have a cafeteria.
Sami's office has been raided by the FBI.
Sami's office is really well lit.
Sami's office was a big mess.
Sami's office was a complete mess.
Sami's office was completely crazy.
Sami's office was super far.
Sami's old life remained a problem.
Sami's older brother lived in Cairo.
Sami's only companion was his dog.
Sami's only crime was caring too much about his sweetheart.
Sami's only friend was Farid.
Sami's only friend was a stray dog.
Sami's optimism was quickly dashed.
Sami's organization is out of business.
Sami's original plan went out the window.
Sami's outfit reminds me of the summertime.
Sami's overwhelming greed destroyed Layla's life.
Sami's own father betrayed him.
Sami's own father had died six years earlier.
Sami's own life is a complete disaster.
Sami's pain took time to heal.
Sami's paintings are so expressive.
Sami's parents absolutely hated Layla.
Sami's parents accepted Layla.
Sami's parents are Burmese.
Sami's parents are Christian.
Sami's parents are Egyptian.
Sami's parents are Muslim.
Sami's parents are about to get home.
Sami's parents are both teachers.
Sami's parents are going to be there.
Sami's parents are kind of strict.
Sami's parents are not like that.
Sami's parents are paying for his wedding.
Sami's parents are standing there.
Sami's parents aren't Arabs.
Sami's parents aren't like that.
Sami's parents called it quits.
Sami's parents came and picked him up.
Sami's parents came home early.
Sami's parents decided to get divorced.
Sami's parents decided to have a divorce.
Sami's parents didn't go to church.
Sami's parents didn't have any faith of their own.
Sami's parents died when he was six.
Sami's parents divorced shortly after.
Sami's parents divorced when he was a boy.
Sami's parents divorced.
Sami's parents drove him to school.
Sami's parents got a divorce.
Sami's parents got home half an hour later.
Sami's parents got home.
Sami's parents got off the bus.
Sami's parents hate Layla.
Sami's parents have decided to divorce.
Sami's parents have passed away.
Sami's parents just burst out laughing.
Sami's parents liked Layla.
Sami's parents live in Cairo.
Sami's parents loved Layla.
Sami's parents made the decisions for him.
Sami's parents moved.
Sami's parents owned a condo complex.
Sami's parents picked him up.
Sami's parents separated when he was six.
Sami's parents showed up to take him back home.
Sami's parents splint.
Sami's parents support him.
Sami's parents told him that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami's parents were Muslims.
Sami's parents were afraid of Muslims.
Sami's parents were at work.
Sami's parents were both at work.
Sami's parents were hyper-religious.
Sami's parents were in Egypt.
Sami's parents were never home.
Sami's parents were out of town.
Sami's parents were racist.
Sami's parents were really strict.
Sami's parents were separated.
Sami's parents were sitting at this table.
Sami's parents were so supportive about it.
Sami's parents were super religious.
Sami's parents were the most hospitable people that I had ever met in my life.
Sami's parents were there.
Sami's parents were very old.
Sami's parents weren't happy.
Sami's parents weren't super religious.
Sami's parents work downtown.
Sami's parents worked.
Sami's parents, bless them, worked so hard and so much and they were never home.
Sami's parrot bites.
Sami's parrot can't fly away. He has just clipped his wings.
Sami's parrot didn't have a tail.
Sami's parrot didn't have tail feathers.
Sami's parrot didn't know Layla.
Sami's parrot flew away again.
Sami's parrot flew like an eagle.
Sami's parrot got out of its cage.
Sami's parrot is his best friend.
Sami's parrot knew certain phrases.
Sami's parrot knew his alphabet.
Sami's parrot landed on a neighbor's roof.
Sami's parrot learned how to talk.
Sami's parrot looked at Layla and called her the b-word.
Sami's parrot took off, flying.
Sami's parrot was kind of mean.
Sami's parrot was scared of Layla's dog.
Sami's parrot wasn't scared of anybody.
Sami's parrot wasn't scared of anything.
Sami's parrot would bite any person it doesn't know.
Sami's parrot would bite any person trying to touch him.
Sami's parrot would get out of its cage.
Sami's parrot would walk around the house.
Sami's party was a huge success.
Sami's party was fifteen minutes down the road.
Sami's party was full of guys.
Sami's party was fun.
Sami's party was really nice.
Sami's passing had a lasting effect on Layla.
Sami's passport has expired.
Sami's past caught up to him.
Sami's past haunted him for ever.
Sami's past quickly caught up.
Sami's pasta was overcooked.
Sami's patience reached the breaking point.
Sami's patio smelt of ammonia.
Sami's pay was shit.
Sami's payback would come on Christmas day.
Sami's payday is on Saturday.
Sami's payment will be sent soon.
Sami's peaceful life came to an unthinkable end.
Sami's penis was cut off.
Sami's perfect life went up in smoke.
Sami's perfume was stolen.
Sami's perfumes were gone.
Sami's perfumes were missing.
Sami's phone camera was just shitty.
Sami's phone costs sixty dollars.
Sami's phone didn't ring again.
Sami's phone died.
Sami's phone dinged and it was a message from Layla.
Sami's phone doesn't have a passcode.
Sami's phone got stolen.
Sami's phone has been disconnected.
Sami's phone has been turned off.
Sami's phone has spontaneously combusted.
Sami's phone has spontaneously exploded.
Sami's phone is ringing again.
Sami's phone is ringing.
Sami's phone isn't working.
Sami's phone rang a couple of times.
Sami's phone rang again.
Sami's phone rang and it was Layla.
Sami's phone rang in the middle of the night.
Sami's phone rang.
Sami's phone screen is shattered.
Sami's phone screen was fully shattered.
Sami's phone started blowing up.
Sami's phone started ringing.
Sami's phone was about to die.
Sami's phone was away.
Sami's phone was covered in blood.
Sami's phone was disconnected.
Sami's phone was dying.
Sami's phone was in his bag.
Sami's phone was in the attic.
Sami's phone was next to Layla.
Sami's phone was off.
Sami's phone was ringing off the hook.
Sami's phone was ringing.
Sami's phone was shut off.
Sami's phone was stolen at a party.
Sami's phone was surprisingly cheap.
Sami's phone wasn't working.
Sami's phones were wiretapped.
Sami's photos were his.
Sami's pick-up truck was parked in the driveway.
Sami's pickup was stolen.
Sami's picture popped up on a sex offender website.
Sami's pictures are boring.
Sami's pictures are perfect.
Sami's pictures are real. He's not a catfish.
Sami's pillow is in Layla's bedroom.
Sami's pillow stinks.
Sami's pitbull is dangerous.
Sami's pizza is my number one.
Sami's place is a party house.
Sami's place is haunted.
Sami's place was packed.
Sami's plan bordered on insanity.
Sami's plan didn't work.
Sami's plan failed and he paid with his life.
Sami's plan was already dead.
Sami's plan was his downfall.
Sami's plan was in motion.
Sami's plan wasn't working.
Sami's plan won't work.
Sami's plane crashed in the field.
Sami's plane crashed.
Sami's plane hasn't even taken off.
Sami's plane is leaving in six minutes.
Sami's plane landed in terminal six.
Sami's plane landed on the tarmac.
Sami's plane was boarding.
Sami's play has to be perfect.
Sami's police record was squeaky clean.
Sami's police work put him and Layla in danger.
Sami's policy was cancelled.
Sami's ponytail wasn't that long.
Sami's position is almost like a management position.
Sami's practice isn't going so well.
Sami's prank videos garnered millions of clicks.
Sami's pranks got crazier and crazier.
Sami's prayer for Layla wasn't in vain.
Sami's prayer was answered.
Sami's prayers were answered.
Sami's presence improved Layla's mood.
Sami's present hit Layla on a soft spot.
Sami's printer is broken.
Sami's priorities have changed.
Sami's prison T-shirt had a number on it.
Sami's prison term ended.
Sami's privileges were curtailed.
Sami's problem has a name and its name is Layla.
Sami's problem was Sami.
Sami's problem was himself.
Sami's problems began with a jealous heart.
Sami's problems have affected Layla a lot.
Sami's problems started affecting Layla as well.
Sami's problems started much earlier.
Sami's problems would sometimes trickle over to me.
Sami's profile seems fake.
Sami's project is doomed to failure.
Sami's project requires a lot of time.
Sami's prom is tomorrow.
Sami's promotion never came.
Sami's punch was not that strong.
Sami's punch wasn't that strong.
Sami's punishment didn't have the intended effect.
Sami's punishment was really extreme.
Sami's puppy is going to need a name.
Sami's puppy is gonna need a name.
Sami's puppy sleeps in the attic.
Sami's puppy slept with us.
Sami's pursuit of his attacker was in vain.
Sami's radio broke down.
Sami's radio is useless.
Sami's radio was still playing.
Sami's raft drifted for six weeks.
Sami's rage clouded his judgment.
Sami's rage reached boiling point.
Sami's reaction was so awkward.
Sami's registration number ended in the numbers two, three, four.
Sami's rehabilitation requires more hard work.
Sami's reign of terror was only just beginning.
Sami's reign was over.
Sami's rejection has pushed Layla over the edge.
Sami's relationship with God was lukewarm.
Sami's relationship with Layla became intense so much so that he left Salima.
Sami's relationship with Layla didn't last long after that.
Sami's relationship with Layla is already over.
Sami's relationship with Layla was purely sexual.
Sami's relationship with his dad was fine.
Sami's relationship with his girlfriend was up and down.
Sami's relationship with his mom was super strained.
Sami's relationship with his son was kind of strained.
Sami's release was frontpage news.
Sami's religion is not for me.
Sami's reply was barely a whisper.
Sami's reputation was ruined.
Sami's reputation was up in smoke.
Sami's request was denied.
Sami's request was granted.
Sami's request was ignored.
Sami's request was rejected.
Sami's resentment festered as Layla filed for divorce.
Sami's resignation doesn't make much sense.
Sami's response caught Layla off guard.
Sami's response shocked Layla.
Sami's response was no.
Sami's responsibility is to facilitate the investigation.
Sami's restaurant has outdoor seating.
Sami's restaurant is closed now.
Sami's restaurant is going to be open.
Sami's restaurant stayed open until two in the morning.
Sami's restaurant stayed open.
Sami's restaurant was always in shambles.
Sami's restaurant was closing.
Sami's restaurant was full of angry people.
Sami's restaurant was in the mall but it had its own entrance.
Sami's restaurant was in the mall.
Sami's restaurant was shut down.
Sami's restaurant was still open.
Sami's restaurant was the only business open at the mall.
Sami's restaurant was very nice.
Sami's return to Egypt is a huge risk.
Sami's revelation turned the investigation on its head.
Sami's revelations cracked the case wide open.
Sami's revelations rocked the case.
Sami's ribs were like a washboard.
Sami's right arm was busted in six places.
Sami's ring finally turned up.
Sami's ring finger has been cut.
Sami's ring looks so expensive.
Sami's ringing phone scared Layla's baby.
Sami's road trips became a killing spree.
Sami's robbery was a huge fiasco.
Sami's room hasn't been dusted for two months.
Sami's room is a mess.
Sami's room is connected to the attic.
Sami's room is much larger.
Sami's room is spotless.
Sami's room is super echoing.
Sami's room is the complete opposite of Layla's room.
Sami's room is very dark.
Sami's room needs to be replastered.
Sami's room needs to be spotless.
Sami's room reeked of weed and alcohol.
Sami's room smelt of alcohol.
Sami's room smelt.
Sami's room stank.
Sami's room was a bit larger.
Sami's room was a little bit smaller.
Sami's room was a mess.
Sami's room was completely empty.
Sami's room was disgusting.
Sami's room was locked from the outside.
Sami's room was musty.
Sami's room was open.
Sami's room was part of the living room.
Sami's room was quiet.
Sami's room was really cold.
Sami's room was really hot.
Sami's room was right here.
Sami's room was the only one that had an attic access.
Sami's room was upstairs.
Sami's roommate came back.
Sami's roommate is quite messy.
Sami's roommate moved out.
Sami's roommate was moving out.
Sami's roommate was so annoying.
Sami's roommate was there, too.
Sami's roommates were a married couple.
Sami's roommates were awesome.
Sami's roommates weren't there.
Sami's sadness deepened into a depression.
Sami's sadness went on for months.
Sami's safety is more important than anything.
Sami's sandwich was in a Ziploc bag.
Sami's sandwiches were awful.
Sami's satellite phone was broken.
Sami's school and Layla's school were so close to each other.
Sami's school has a big field.
Sami's school is all the way across town.
Sami's school is far away.
Sami's school is very different.
Sami's school was a block away from his house.
Sami's school was far as hell.
Sami's school was in the middle of nowhere.
Sami's school was the worst I have ever set my foot in.
Sami's school was the worst school that I have ever attended in my life.
Sami's school was very cliqued up.
Sami's school was within walking distance.
Sami's school wasn't functioning properly.
Sami's school year is going good.
Sami's scissors were metal from top to bottom.
Sami's scissors were really sharp.
Sami's scissors were sharp and long.
Sami's screams diverted the jury's attention.
Sami's screams were horrible to hear.
Sami's seat is empty.
Sami's seat was empty.
Sami's second trial began.
Sami's second video was not as long as the first one.
Sami's second video wasn't as long as the first one.
Sami's secret is the talk of the town.
Sami's secret sex addiction finally came to light.
Sami's secret was about to be exposed.
Sami's secret was bound to get out.
Sami's secret was exposed.
Sami's secretary called and said the matter was urgent.
Sami's secretary was there.
Sami's secrets were exposed.
Sami's sense of time and his memory are so fucked up.
Sami's service dog is a German shepherd.
Sami's service dog is a husky.
Sami's service dog needs to pay attention to him and shouldn't be distracted by other people.
Sami's service dog shouldn't be distracted from its handler.
Sami's service was rated.
Sami's sex tape went viral.
Sami's sheets didn't fit his bed.
Sami's sheets literally stank.
Sami's sheets looked dirty.
Sami's sheets smelt.
Sami's sheets were soaking wet.
Sami's sheets were thrown all over the floor.
Sami's shift isn't over yet.
Sami's shift starts at six in the morning.
Sami's shift starts at six.
Sami's shift starts at the beginning of the night.
Sami's shift was covered.
Sami's ship capsized.
Sami's ship sank in a storm.
Sami's shirt is really cute.
Sami's shirt was wrinkled as shit.
Sami's shirts were always wrinkled.
Sami's shoes didn't fit Layla.
Sami's shoes look very familiar.
Sami's shoes were found in a dumpster.
Sami's shoes were missing.
Sami's shooting caused a public outcry.
Sami's shots are too expensive.
Sami's shoulder were shaking.
Sami's show was a disaster.
Sami's shower curtain was disgusting.
Sami's shower is broken again.
Sami's shower is still running.
Sami's shower was dirty.
Sami's side of the closet is messy.
Sami's silence shocked the police.
Sami's sink got clogged.
Sami's sink is still clogged.
Sami's sink was yellow.
Sami's sister answered the door.
Sami's sister came down.
Sami's sister does not speak Berber.
Sami's sister doesn't have a typical Muslim name.
Sami's sister is a cancer patient.
Sami's sister is an actress.
Sami's sister is around my mother's age.
Sami's sister is here.
Sami's sister is in high school.
Sami's sister is really protective of him.
Sami's sister is six years older than him.
Sami's sister is still in middle school.
Sami's sister jumped in the fight.
Sami's sister passed away six days ago.
Sami's sister wants to become an actress.
Sami's sister was hospitalized.
Sami's sister was still home.
Sami's sister was super hot.
Sami's sisters have nothing to do with this.
Sami's situation is a billion times worse than Layla's.
Sami's situation was not the same as Layla's.
Sami's sixth period is gym.
Sami's skin began to peel off.
Sami's skin is so fair.
Sami's skin is still wet.
Sami's skin is super sensitive.
Sami's skull was crushed.
Sami's skull was never found.
Sami's smile brightens my day.
Sami's smile lifted Layla's spirits.
Sami's smile masks a tragic past.
Sami's smile warmed my heart.
Sami's smile was amazing.
Sami's soccer ball was dirty.
Sami's soda has a lot of sugar in it.
Sami's soda has been disappearing.
Sami's son had a play date.
Sami's son had an imaginary friend.
Sami's son has cute hair.
Sami's son has many imaginary friends.
Sami's son slapped a boy in the park.
Sami's son stole his pills.
Sami's son stole his sleeping pills again.
Sami's son threw a tantrum.
Sami's son was evaluated by a social worker.
Sami's son was in there, quietly watching a movie.
Sami's son was kicking and screaming.
Sami's son was murdered.
Sami's son was scared.
Sami's son was so important to him.
Sami's son was unsupervised for a brief period of time during which he ate an enormous amount of salt.
Sami's son went to college.
Sami's song became a big hit in Egypt.
Sami's song was horrible.
Sami's sordid love affair destroyed his marriage.
Sami's soup needs a little less salt.
Sami's soup smells good.
Sami's soup tastes delicious.
Sami's speech wasn't slurred.
Sami's spring break started on Saturday.
Sami's stalker got his address.
Sami's stalker is back.
Sami's stalker is in prison.
Sami's stalker was arrested in 2006.
Sami's stalker was arrested.
Sami's stamp collection was the only thing he valued in his life.
Sami's statements were quite accurate.
Sami's steak was overcooked.
Sami's steak was undercooked.
Sami's steak was well done.
Sami's stepdad became abusive.
Sami's stepdad didn't want to be too invasive.
Sami's stepdad is sitting right there.
Sami's stepdad was pretty cool.
Sami's stepdad was very abusive.
Sami's stepdaughters didn't like him.
Sami's stepfather abused him.
Sami's stepmother treated him like a dog.
Sami's stolen car was low on gas.
Sami's stomach dropped.
Sami's stomach was hurting.
Sami's store closes before six.
Sami's store is a little bit different.
Sami's store is close to my house.
Sami's store is disgusting.
Sami's store is literally right across the street.
Sami's store is really small.
Sami's store is right next to the gas station.
Sami's store is still open to this day.
Sami's store stayed open.
Sami's store was closed.
Sami's store was closing.
Sami's store was empty.
Sami's stories are anything but boring.
Sami's stories are interesting.
Sami's stories are pretty fricking creepy.
Sami's stories are so entertaining.
Sami's stories are very entertaining.
Sami's stories have happy endings.
Sami's stories were really scary.
Sami's story backfired on him.
Sami's story baffled us.
Sami's story began here.
Sami's story began in 1966.
Sami's story checked out.
Sami's story didn't match Layla's version of events.
Sami's story doesn't have any moral.
Sami's story doesn't make any sense.
Sami's story doesn't make sense.
Sami's story dominated the headlines.
Sami's story fit Layla's account.
Sami's story focused especially on Layla.
Sami's story got juicier.
Sami's story had a happy ending.
Sami's story has been all over Facebook.
Sami's story has been all over the news.
Sami's story has got a really good ending.
Sami's story has no moral.
Sami's story is 100% accurate.
Sami's story is not actually that interesting.
Sami's story is not funny.
Sami's story is pretty ridiculous.
Sami's story is really freaky.
Sami's story is really weird.
Sami's story is so crazy.
Sami's story is so weird.
Sami's story is truly terrifying.
Sami's story is very accurate.
Sami's story is very weird.
Sami's story made Layla lose her appetite.
Sami's story may help other people.
Sami's story raised some red flags.
Sami's story really happened.
Sami's story scared the living crap out of Layla.
Sami's story seems like complete BS to me.
Sami's story seems like complete bullshit to me.
Sami's story sounds crazy.
Sami's story sounds familiar to Layla.
Sami's story sounds familiar.
Sami's story started to get juicy.
Sami's story sucks.
Sami's story was enough to convince the jury that Layla was guilty.
Sami's story was funny.
Sami's story was nothing.
Sami's story was really scary.
Sami's story was so grotesque that nobody believed him.
Sami's story was super boring.
Sami's story was very boring.
Sami's story wasn't corroborated by the witnesses.
Sami's story wasn't quite adding up.
Sami's strange behavior continued.
Sami's street is connected to the main road.
Sami's strippers are beautiful.
Sami's strippers aren't prostitutes.
Sami's strippers came out and started dancing.
Sami's strippers had the prettiest faces he had ever seen.
Sami's strippers used to be models.
Sami's strippers went home.
Sami's students were watching the video.
Sami's studio is six hours from Layla's house.
Sami's style has changed.
Sami's style was so unique.
Sami's success was built on lies.
Sami's suicide didn't affect Layla.
Sami's suitcase has a tag on it.
Sami's suitcase was tagged.
Sami's suitcase was x-rayed.
Sami's suitcase wasn't documented.
Sami's suitcases were gone.
Sami's suitcases were missing.
Sami's supervisor came.
Sami's supervisor was a woman.
Sami's support never wavered.
Sami's supporters gathered outside the courthouse.
Sami's survival instinct kicked in.
Sami's suspicions were confirmed.
Sami's sweater is the ugliest sweater I have ever seen in my entire life.
Sami's symptoms have disappeared.
Sami's table is this way.
Sami's table was on the other side of the room.
Sami's tactics are completely wrong.
Sami's tail lights are on.
Sami's talent was for murder and his started when he was thirteen.
Sami's talents were discovered by an agent.
Sami's talk was boycotted.
Sami's tattoo wasn't permanent.
Sami's taunting compelled Layla to snap.
Sami's taxi was prepaid.
Sami's teacher didn't let him go to the bathroom.
Sami's teacher gave him a look.
Sami's teacher hated him.
Sami's teacher let him go to the bathroom.
Sami's teacher made him have a seat next to Layla.
Sami's teacher noticed that he had bruises on his body.
Sami's teacher overheard him.
Sami's teacher sent him to the principal's office.
Sami's teacher was notified.
Sami's teacher was really nice.
Sami's teacher was sitting at his desk by himself.
Sami's teacher was so understanding.
Sami's teachers always hated him.
Sami's teachers hated him.
Sami's teachers were pissed at him.
Sami's teachers were upset with him.
Sami's teachers worried about him.
Sami's team has been undefeated for six years now.
Sami's teeth are decaying.
Sami's television was still on.
Sami's temper flared.
Sami's tent almost blew away last night.
Sami's terrible secret fears began to crystallize.
Sami's test was super easy.
Sami's testimony is crucial.
Sami's testimony is very accurate.
Sami's testimony sealed the fate of Layla Bakir.
Sami's testimony was extremely important.
Sami's testimony was extremely moving.
Sami's testimony was never heard by the jury.
Sami's testimony was powerful.
Sami's text message was signed with the letter F.
Sami's text messages kept coming.
Sami's text messages shocked and saddened Layla.
Sami's text messages stopped.
Sami's text messages were fake. Layla made them up.
Sami's texts were romantic novels.
Sami's theory is pretty bizarre.
Sami's theory was questioned.
Sami's thirst for destruction was not likely to be stenched.
Sami's thoughts became fixated on one imagined enemy: his mother-in-law.
Sami's thoughts started jumbling.
Sami's threatening messages are fake.
Sami's threatening messages made Layla's anxiety worse.
Sami's threats made Layla's blood run cold.
Sami's threats sent chills down Layla's spine.
Sami's throat was slashed.
Sami's time is up.
Sami's tires were all slashed.
Sami's tires were slashed.
Sami's toe was broken.
Sami's toe was still hurting.
Sami's toilet is more disgusting than the gas station toilet.
Sami's toilet is really dirty.
Sami's toilet was brown.
Sami's toilet was dirty as fuck.
Sami's toilet was really dirty.
Sami's tone changed very drastically when he saw Layla.
Sami's tongue was swollen.
Sami's towels are wet and stink.
Sami's towels stank.
Sami's town is a tiny dot surrounded by the Russian wilderness.
Sami's town is so beautiful at night.
Sami's toys were his cars and boats.
Sami's toys were old and dirty.
Sami's trailer was destroyed by a hurricane.
Sami's tray tipped over and fell.
Sami's trial began in June, 2006.
Sami's trial isn't over.
Sami's truck exploded into flames.
Sami's truck got stuck in the sand.
Sami's truck got stuck.
Sami's truck is parked in front of my place.
Sami's true name was Farid Bakir.
Sami's true persona came to light.
Sami's twins have been adopted together in Egypt.
Sami's twins slept in the big room.
Sami's twins slept in this room.
Sami's twisted psyche was never understood.
Sami's two different lives eventually collided.
Sami's uncle took care of us.
Sami's undercover camera was rolling.
Sami's underwear was everywhere in the room.
Sami's uniform had his name and initials on it.
Sami's university was quite far from the place where he lived.
Sami's university wasn't too far from his house.
Sami's unpaid bills were piling up.
Sami's urges to smoke weed were coming back.
Sami's use of painkillers has taken a toll on his relationship with Layla.
Sami's van was parked in the driveway.
Sami's vegetables were spoiling in Layla's fridge.
Sami's vehicle blocked the road.
Sami's vehicle was located in Cairo.
Sami's version of the events doesn't make sense.
Sami's vest has pockets.
Sami's victims had one thing in common: they were all prostitutes.
Sami's victims saw his face.
Sami's video covered everything.
Sami's video did more good than harm.
Sami's video didn't contain any copyrighted material.
Sami's video got a million views.
Sami's video got six million views.
Sami's video got sixty thousand views.
Sami's video inspired me to take some time to myself.
Sami's video is not sponsored.
Sami's video is so long.
Sami's video is sponsored by Nike.
Sami's video is sponsored by Walmart.
Sami's video is sponsored.
Sami's video is very hard to edit.
Sami's video is very popular on YouTube.
Sami's video isn't sponsored.
Sami's video made Layla feel unsafe.
Sami's video was about an hour long.
Sami's video was long.
Sami's video was super long.
Sami's video was uploaded.
Sami's video wasn't that creative.
Sami's video went viral on YouTube.
Sami's video went viral.
Sami's videos are funny.
Sami's videos are my favorite to watch.
Sami's videos are private.
Sami's videos made Layla so happy.
Sami's violent behavior can't be predicted.
Sami's violent mood swings shut him off from colleagues.
Sami's violent outbursts pushed Layla to the brink.
Sami's violent sexual urges were excited by porn websites.
Sami's vision was severely impaired.
Sami's visit didn't completely catch Layla by surprise.
Sami's visit only enflamed the conflict between Layla and her husband.
Sami's voice doesn't matter.
Sami's voice shakes when he talks about it.
Sami's voice was filled with concern.
Sami's volcano blew.
Sami's vomit was stinking.
Sami's waitresses are strippers, too.
Sami's waitresses were models.
Sami's waitresses were wild as fuck.
Sami's wallet caught Layla's eye.
Sami's wallet was never touched.
Sami's wallet was sitting on the back seat.
Sami's watch was gone.
Sami's water heater has stopped working.
Sami's way of dealing with things was violent.
Sami's way to stardom veered off course.
Sami's wealth was booming.
Sami's wedding day came and went and nothing changed.
Sami's whereabouts remain unknown.
Sami's whole body was shaking.
Sami's whole demeanor changed.
Sami's whole life changed.
Sami's whole life was built on Layla.
Sami's wife and baby were asleep in the next room.
Sami's wife believed she was irresistible to men.
Sami's wife called.
Sami's wife discovered Layla's steamy letters.
Sami's wife divorced him.
Sami's wife doesn't know about his mistress.
Sami's wife found out about his affair.
Sami's wife found out about the affair.
Sami's wife has just left him.
Sami's wife is Asian.
Sami's wife is Egyptian.
Sami's wife is Palestinian.
Sami's wife is a singer.
Sami's wife is gonna find out.
Sami's wife is here.
Sami's wife is really tall.
Sami's wife isn't pregnant.
Sami's wife left him because he drinks a lot.
Sami's wife looks like a big ball of fat.
Sami's wife loved makeup.
Sami's wife may be cheating on him.
Sami's wife never wears makeup.
Sami's wife took the children and left him.
Sami's wife wants to learn Berber.
Sami's wife was a stay-at-home mom.
Sami's wife was constantly taunting him.
Sami's wife was ill with cancer.
Sami's wife was left to raise her child alone.
Sami's wife was murdered.
Sami's wife was sleeping with their baby.
Sami's wife was staring at Layla.
Sami's wife was the nicest lady ever.
Sami's wife was the prime suspect.
Sami's wife was there with him.
Sami's wife was there.
Sami's wife went missing.
Sami's wife worked at the restaurant with him.
Sami's wife worked with us in the restaurant.
Sami's wife works.
Sami's wife, Layla, was a nurse.
Sami's wife, Layla, was charged with murder.
Sami's wig doesn't fit under a hat.
Sami's wig fell off.
Sami's wig is made of human wig.
Sami's wig is made of plastic.
Sami's wig is shedding everywhere.
Sami's wig is shitty.
Sami's wig looks like shit.
Sami's wig was made in China.
Sami's wig well on Layla's lap.
Sami's wigs are made of human hair.
Sami's will left almost everything to Layla.
Sami's window faced the parking lot.
Sami's window is slightly open.
Sami's window was cracked.
Sami's window was open.
Sami's windows are tinted.
Sami's windows were closed.
Sami's windows were open.
Sami's wine is very sugary.
Sami's wing mirror was dangling off his car.
Sami's wisdom teeth are coming out.
Sami's wisdom teeth hurt him so bad.
Sami's wisdom teeth were coming out.
Sami's words cut deep.
Sami's words say a lot.
Sami's work life got a lot more complicated.
Sami's world came crashing down.
Sami's world crumbled.
Sami's world got flipped upside down.
Sami's world has been thrown into chaos.
Sami's world revolved around Layla.
Sami's world started spiralling down.
Sami's world stopped turning.
Sami's worship turned from God to girls.
Sami's worst nightmare came true.
Sami's wound has healed perfectly.
Sami's wound was so big.
Sami's wrists got really swollen.
Sami's wristwatch was on the wrong wrist.
Sami's years of fantasy finally came to life.
Sami's yelling was just a prelude to what was going to happen later.
Sami's youngest daughter was my age.
Sami, Farid, Layla, and Salima were like a pack of dogs.
Sami, Farid, and Layla split the stolen cash between themselves.
Sami, Layla and I are all the same age.
Sami, Layla and her friends were all walking together.
Sami, Layla, and Farid are all in Egypt.
Sami, Layla, and Farid stood there like a bunch of idiots.
Sami, Layla, and the kids had a little get-together.
Sami, a gay teenager, came out to his mother.
Sami, a pimp, gave Layla a false sense of feeling secure.
Sami, a pimp, was the ultimate street predator.
Sami, a professional magician, asked Layla to be his assistant.
Sami, a rock singer, was more pathetic than poetic.
Sami, a transgender, legally changed his name to Layla.
Sami, a transsexual, created an alter ego he named Layla.
Sami, on the advice of a teacher, decided to do that.
Sami, please don't let me die.
Sami, such a beautiful name.
Sami, too, was in Mom's tummy.
Sami, who had been falsely convicted for Layla's murder, was exonerated.
Sami? It was just a teenage crush.
Sami? What kind of name is this?
Samil failed Layla.
Samin has respect for his manager.
Samir Acharya who heads the Society for Andaman and Nicobar Ecology, says endangered tribes like the Onges now number less than 100. He says they should be moved back to their island as quickly as possible to continue life as hunters and food gatherers in their own natural habitat.
Samir Rafig oglu Nuriyev was born in Baku on 9 March 1975.
Samir and Rafik work for the Kabyle language; all day long, they correct sentences and translate. What's more, they're friendly.
Samir hasn't finished yet.
Samir visited Buckingham Palace.
Samirah introduced a bill to allow duplex homes, like townhouses and cottages, in any place that’s currently zoned for single-family homes.
Samis stopped talking.
Samiyyah presented a box of signed chits, in court, as evidence of what Paul owed her.
Samled Inthavong had almost finished hoisting his family members into a boat when a building uprooted by the collapse of a dam upstream slammed into his house.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
Sammy de Grave of Oxford University’s Museum of Natural History, who named the shrimp, combined the loudness, the pink color and his love for Pink Floyd to come up with the name.
Sammy was arrested.
Samosas, gulab jamuns, and tea.
Samples are acquired from an analog-to-digital converter at interrupt level and written to one of two ping-pong buffers. When one buffer fills, the interrupt handler switches to the other and sets a flag for the full buffer to be written to disk.
Sampling must be performed in a manner that guarantees random selection.
Samsara is a Sanskrit word that means “the ever turning wheel of life”.
Samson's abbacy extended over the pontificates of five Popes and the reigns of three Kings, by all of whom his strength of character and wisdom of counsel seem to have been appreciated.
Samsung is a Korean company.
Samsung is a big company.
Samuel Johnson draws his own portrait as "a hardened and shameless tea drinker, who for twenty years diluted his meals with only the infusion of the fascinating plant; who with tea amused the evening, with tea solaced the midnight, and with tea welcomed the morning."
Samuel R. Delany is a mulatto American sci-fi writer. His interesting writings often entail sexual issues in an outer space setting. Whilst the writings of the British knighted sci-fi writer Arthur C. Clarke are less titillating, he ventures into cryptic sexual symbolisms.
Samuel and Michael were talking about a girl Bryan met in Brazil last year.
Samuel doesn't have three brothers, he only has two.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him for it.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him.
Samuel helps anyone who asks him.
Samuel helps everyone who asks him.
Samurai lived by a code of honor called "Bushido".
Samurai lived by a code of honor.
Samy asked his questions.
Samy deleted all the phone numbers.
San Diego is a punk ass bitch.
San Diego, California, has a staycation campaign aimed at people who live within a day's drive of the city.
San Francisco has a "zero waste" initiative. It wants to send nothing to landfills or incinerators by 2020.
San Francisco hosted the Panama-Pacific Exposition in 1915.
San Francisco is a city of great beauty.
San Francisco is known for its fog and its hills among other things.
San Francisco is on the West Coast of the U.S.
San Francisco is only one-tenth as populous as New York.
San Francisco's devastating earthquake occurred in 1906.
San José is the capital of Costa Rica.
San Juan is the capital of Puerto Rico.
San Marino is the capital of San Marino.
San Salvador is the capital of El Salvador.
Sana'a is the capital of Yemen.
Sanaa is the capital of Yemen.
Sanchez should've stepped down a long time ago.
Sanctions against Russia hurt Europe the most.
Sanctions against governments engaging in war crimes are a moral obligation.
Sanctions against those perpetrating the genocidal war are essential.
Sanctions are a tool to deter and penalize countries for their war crimes.
Sanctions might work.
Sanctions should be used to pressure countries to end their war crimes.
Sand and gravel are among the most important raw materials in the world.
Sand and gravel are stone broken into bits. A whetstone, flint, marble etcetera are ordinary stones.
Sand cats are adorable.
Sand comes from many locations, sources, and environments.
Sand forms when rocks break down from weathering and eroding over thousands and even millions of years.
Sand is better than clay for growing some types of plants.
Sand is hot.
Sand spent the winter with Chopin in Majorca.
Sand the architrave before painting it.
Sandbags can be used to erect a temporary wall to protect against floods.
Sandra I like, but her children I can't stand.
Sandra accidentally met William's mistress in the bathroom.
Sandra began her community service after earning a graduate degree in gerontology.
Sandra broke her nails.
Sandra cheated on Elias with a Moroccan guy.
Sandra could make any guy fall in love with her.
Sandra couldn't find the keys in her handbag.
Sandra cried when William and Skura started dating.
Sandra discovered William was living with a woman.
Sandra eats all Japanese food except natto.
Sandra escaped an attempted assault.
Sandra fell for William's cute charms.
Sandra finally realized that there was one person more important than any boy in her life: her.
Sandra found a new purpose in life that no longer depended on love.
Sandra had a terrible boyfriend.
Sandra had shoulder-length brown hair.
Sandra has blonde hair.
Sandra has golden hair.
Sandra has grown up to be a beautiful woman.
Sandra has just been invited to the homecoming dance.
Sandra hated the girl that William loved.
Sandra is a small woman in her early forties.
Sandra is female and forty-two.
Sandra is jealous of her son's girlfriend.
Sandra is lucky to have a boyfriend who's like by many people.
Sandra is still as beautiful as ever.
Sandra is supposed to have a female roommate.
Sandra is unlikely to fall in love with mature men.
Sandra lied about her pregnancy.
Sandra liked to make dramatic entrances.
Sandra looked prettier by the year.
Sandra married a man she didn't have feelings for.
Sandra offered me her seat in the train.
Sandra offered me her seat on the train.
Sandra possesses fair hair.
Sandra pretended to be searching for something in her purse.
Sandra pulled out the divorce papers from her bag and gave them to Robert.
Sandra pushed Robert back and slapped him in the face.
Sandra quickly realized that Elias wasn't her Mr Perfect.
Sandra reconnected with her husband.
Sandra smiled at the guard sweetly and let her in.
Sandra spent twice as much as I did.
Sandra still receives letters from Felix.
Sandra suffered a miscarriage.
Sandra takes a slice of bread and a cup of coffee for breakfast.
Sandra tore her Shawi dress.
Sandra was a very rebellious girl.
Sandra was always proud to have a handsome and rich boyfriend.
Sandra was an ordinary girl who lived on the same street as Elias.
Sandra was an orphan girl.
Sandra was calmly painting her nails on the couch.
Sandra was dressed as a fairy.
Sandra was looking for an old-fashioned dress.
Sandra was painting her nails.
Sandra was pretty sure Felix was going to hurt her.
Sandra was pursued by many other men.
Sandra was separated from her husband.
Sandra was waiting for her dream man to come and talk to her.
Sandra wore a tight dress that accentuated the curves of her body.
Sandra's face could be considered pretty was it not for those stupid freckles.
Sandra's hair still looks like straw.
Sandstone is a kind of sedimentary rock.
Sandwiches taste better with jam.
Sandy Farber Bandier coordinates UDC’s Master Gardener program, which seeks to enhance the ecological health and aesthetics of urban environments by training District of Columbia residents to become Master Gardeners.
Sandy Jones isn't Sandy Lee, as why people have surnames.
Sandy goes out to get his shopping every afternoon.
Sandy ground isn't usually very fertile.
Sandy had braces to hold up his trousers.
Sandy lives in San Diego.
Sandy looked the cow right in the eyes.
Sandy taught the children to speak English.
Sandy won't become a doctor.
Sane people are more likely to be violent towards mentally ill people than the other way around.
Sane people are more of a threat to mentally ill people than vice versa.
Sangiovese is a wine.
Sangiovese is an Italian wine.
Sanitary conditions in the refugee camps were terrible.
Sanitary napkin, tampon, feminine protection -- all those terms mean the same thing.
Sanitation is a very important part of public health.
Sanitation is important in the city.
Sanjay said: On observing the Pandava army standing in military formation, King Duryodhan approached his teacher Dronacharya, and said the following words.
Sanma is a type of blue fish.
Sanna has spent two weeks in the hospital.
Sanskrit is a very old language. Around 4000 years old I believe.
Sanskrit is an ancient language.
Santa Ana begged for mercy.
Santa Ana stepped down as president.
Santa Ana was living in exile in Cuba.
Santa Ana's army was destroyed.
Santa Ana’s army was destroyed.
Santa Claus brings gifts to children for Christmas.
Santa Claus brings gifts to children on Christmas Eve.
Santa Claus came down the chimney.
Santa Claus came into the house through the chimney.
Santa Claus carries all the presents in his sack.
Santa Claus comes to see us every year.
Santa Claus comes to see us once a year.
Santa Claus comes to see us once every year.
Santa Claus does not exist.
Santa Claus doesn't bring presents to naughty children.
Santa Claus doesn't exist.
Santa Claus exists.
Santa Claus has a Canadian postal code, and you can write to him: Santa Claus, North Pole, H0H 0H0, Canada.
Santa Claus has many reindeer.
Santa Claus is Chinese.
Santa Claus is coming in a few days.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Santa Claus is dead.
Santa Claus is dropping from the sky!
Santa Claus is not for sale.
Santa Claus is really just dad, right?
Santa Claus is usually drawn as roly-poly. He is almost never skinny.
Santa Claus isn't real.
Santa Claus knows whether you're naughty or nice.
Santa Claus lives at the North Pole.
Santa Claus lives in Finland.
Santa Claus lives in the North Pole.
Santa Claus may not come to see us this year.
Santa Claus put the presents under the tree.
Santa Claus rides a sleigh.
Santa Claus was an Anatolian saint.
Santa Claus was here.
Santa Claus was standing in the garden.
Santa Claus' sleigh is pulled by flying reindeer.
Santa Claus, I want to receive a girlfriend for Christmas.
Santa asked Gunter if he did something bad.
Santa came down the chimney and left his presents.
Santa came to our town too.
Santa didn't reply to Tom's letter.
Santa doesn't live at the North Pole, but in Finland.
Santa doesn’t give presents to poor people.
Santa gives nice things to people all over the world.
Santa has COVID, so this year Tom is bringing the presents.
Santa is already getting on his way!
Santa is dead.
Santa is rumored to be from Russia.
Santa isn't real.
Santa lives at the North Pole.
Santa lives in Finland.
Santa lives in Rovaniemi.
Santa looked young.
Santa replied to Mary's letter.
Santa's sleigh is pulled by flying reindeer.
Santa, I would like a girlfriend for my Christmas present.
Santali is a language spoken in India. It belongs to the Austroasiatic language family, which also includes languages like Vietnamese and Khmer.
Santali is a language.
Santali is officially written in the Ol Chiki script.
Santali is the third most-spoken Austroasiatic language after Vietnamese and Khmer.
Santiago accepted the deal.
Santiago accidentally collided with a blue truck.
Santiago accidentally electrocuted himself to death.
Santiago accidentally hit Rima’s dog.
Santiago accidentally killed himself while cleaning his gun.
Santiago accidentally shot himself in the neck.
Santiago accused Rima of being obsessive.
Santiago accused Rima of having a crush on Walid.
Santiago acted offended.
Santiago adjusted to life in the bunker.
Santiago aggressively pulled his hand away.
Santiago agreed to watch the recorded tape.
Santiago aimed the rifle at Rima.
Santiago allowed Melissa to come over to his place.
Santiago also had a bruise.
Santiago also left.
Santiago also tortured Rima.
Santiago always craves food.
Santiago always had a crude sense of humor.
Santiago and Melissa had a connection.
Santiago and Melissa laughed in the hallway.
Santiago and Rima agreed to do nothing.
Santiago and Rima argued a little more before Walid arrived.
Santiago and Rima attended church together.
Santiago and Rima contradicted each other.
Santiago and Rima got into a heated argument.
Santiago and Rima left the club together.
Santiago and Rima left together.
Santiago and Rima left.
Santiago and Rima played with a Ouija board.
Santiago and Rima shared an intimate embrace.
Santiago and Rima started making out by the pool.
Santiago and Rima started making out in a pool.
Santiago and Rima started making out in the parking lot.
Santiago and Rima were being kinky.
Santiago and Rima were both eating lunch as they were having a discussion.
Santiago and Rima were discussing leaving the camp.
Santiago and Rima were sitting together.
Santiago and Walid were discussing girls.
Santiago and his friends just started killing themselves.
Santiago and his friends spread in different directions.
Santiago and his friends started playing in the tall grass.
Santiago and his little brother shared the attic.
Santiago and his roommate were preparing to leave.
Santiago angered Rima.
Santiago apologized and Rima accepted it.
Santiago apologized for hurting Rima’s feelings.
Santiago apologized to Rima.
Santiago apologized to his son.
Santiago approached the boarded-up building.
Santiago arrived at Rima’s rented apartment.
Santiago arrived at the apartment.
Santiago arrived home.
Santiago arrived in Algiers.
Santiago arrived to help.
Santiago asked Melissa for a smoke.
Santiago asked Melissa if she believed in ghosts and she said no.
Santiago asked Melissa if she needed a room.
Santiago asked Rima if she told anyone.
Santiago asked Rima if she wanted to go out for a treat.
Santiago asked Rima if she would like to go traveling with him.
Santiago asked Rima not to escalate the situation.
Santiago asked Rima to call him if she knew anything.
Santiago asked Rima to do the same.
Santiago asked Rima to follow him inside.
Santiago asked Rima to go to her room.
Santiago asked Rima to pretend to be his girlfriend.
Santiago asked Rima to take a shower.
Santiago asked Rima what her name was.
Santiago asked Rima what she studied.
Santiago asked Rima where she was delivering.
Santiago asked Rima why the bolt was loose.
Santiago asked for Rima.
Santiago asked for information on Melissa.
Santiago asked the bartender what he knew.
Santiago asked the cashier if he knew Rima.
Santiago assigned Rima the delivery route for the day.
Santiago attacked Rima with surgical tools.
Santiago attempted to escape.
Santiago beat the security guard to death.
Santiago became awkward.
Santiago became flustered.
Santiago became the lone survival.
Santiago began crying out for help.
Santiago began his residency in a medical institute.
Santiago began offering ideas on how to solve the problem more effectively.
Santiago began proclaiming how sorry he was.
Santiago began questioning Rima about the identity of the girl with the pig mask.
Santiago began to casually scan the classroom.
Santiago began to draw his knife across Melissa's skin, smiling at her creepily.
Santiago began transforming into a werewolf.
Santiago begged for Rima to come back.
Santiago believed it was a joke at first.
Santiago bent down to make a snowball.
Santiago bid his family goodbye.
Santiago blamed Rima for everything.
Santiago blamed Rima for getting distracted by Walid.
Santiago bluffed, telling the kidnapper that the cops were on their way.
Santiago booked it towards the elevator.
Santiago bore a grudge against the professor.
Santiago bothered Rima with questions about what she did with Walid.
Santiago bought a cup of coffee.
Santiago breathed heavily.
Santiago briskly walked towards his office.
Santiago broke down and Rima comforted him.
Santiago broke into Rima’s house and attacked her.
Santiago brought in a ghost.
Santiago brought with him a notebook.
Santiago brutally murdered Rima with a lawnmower.
Santiago buried his dog.
Santiago burnt all the photos.
Santiago called Rima again.
Santiago called Rima and pretended to be her father.
Santiago called Rima on her phone.
Santiago called Rima to see if she had news from Walid.
Santiago called all around the city for hours.
Santiago called himself the "Toronto Killer."
Santiago called someone over the phone and invited him over.
Santiago came back in pajamas.
Santiago came back to life.
Santiago came back to the pizza place.
Santiago came back with a group to confront Walid.
Santiago came closer to the dog.
Santiago came face to face with Rima’s rapist.
Santiago came from behind and hit Rima with a lamp.
Santiago came from that direction.
Santiago came from the west.
Santiago came home drunk.
Santiago came home from university.
Santiago came in with a rifle.
Santiago came in.
Santiago came inside the tunnel.
Santiago came into the bunker.
Santiago came out of class at five.
Santiago came out of the brushes.
Santiago came over and interrupted Rima and Walid.
Santiago came over with Rima.
Santiago came to check on the noise.
Santiago came to kiss Rima goodbye.
Santiago came to meet up with us.
Santiago came to pick Rima up.
Santiago came to thank Rima for her surgery.
Santiago came to the woods to end his life.
Santiago came to visit.
Santiago came up and chatted with Rima.
Santiago came with Melissa to the lounge.
Santiago can easily break into homes.
Santiago can get forty thousand dinars.
Santiago can open the door from the outside.
Santiago can’t bring himself to kill Rima.
Santiago can’t find a way out.
Santiago can’t have camel milk.
Santiago can’t pay the rent.
Santiago can’t save his own life.
Santiago catch Rima staring.
Santiago caught Melissa looking at him.
Santiago caught his dad in the act.
Santiago caught his daughter being intimate with a guy.
Santiago caught more frogs.
Santiago caught sight of a little girl on the shoulder of the road.
Santiago caused a car crash.
Santiago changed his clothes because they were wet.
Santiago chanted that repeatedly.
Santiago chased Rima into the woods.
Santiago checked Rima’s phone.
Santiago checked on Rima.
Santiago chose to end his own life in the attic.
Santiago claims that he can see spirits.
Santiago cleaned up all the blood on him.
Santiago climbed into Rima’s blue truck.
Santiago climbed on top of the truck.
Santiago closed the door behind him.
Santiago competed in track competitions.
Santiago complained about squirrels in the attic.
Santiago complained about the cold.
Santiago complained bitterly about Rima.
Santiago confessed his feelings.
Santiago confessed his love to Rima.
Santiago confronted Walid for being a weirdo.
Santiago continued his investigation.
Santiago continued to be bored.
Santiago continued to call Rima.
Santiago continued to pretend as if nothing had happened.
Santiago continued to work on that.
Santiago cornered Rima.
Santiago could be a bad influence on Rima.
Santiago could have committed suicide.
Santiago could hear Rima screaming.
Santiago couldn't afford a private investigator.
Santiago crashed Rima’s car.
Santiago crashed his car.
Santiago crawled out of the shed.
Santiago created a Molotov cocktail.
Santiago created a new category on his website.
Santiago cried in pain.
Santiago cried in the bathroom.
Santiago crossed over to say hi.
Santiago crushed the pill.
Santiago decided to break up with Rima.
Santiago decided to wait at the cafe.
Santiago deleted his Tinder account.
Santiago denied the allegation.
Santiago described Melissa's hair as exotic.
Santiago destroyed the evidence.
Santiago devised a plan.
Santiago did his best to keep his composure.
Santiago did not make it.
Santiago did very unimaginable things.
Santiago didn't have the change.
Santiago didn't sleep the rest of the night.
Santiago didn't want to freak Melissa out.
Santiago didn’t allow Rima to make out with Walid.
Santiago didn’t answer the call.
Santiago didn’t escalate the situation.
Santiago didn’t even say a word.
Santiago didn’t hesitate to point the gun at his own mother.
Santiago didn’t move at all.
Santiago didn’t notice Rima’s body.
Santiago didn’t push Rima.
Santiago didn’t seem remorseful.
Santiago died just outside his car.
Santiago discovered Melissa's grave.
Santiago disputed Rima’s plan.
Santiago dissolved Rima’s body into the acid.
Santiago doesn’t believe Rima.
Santiago doesn’t believe anything that Rima says.
Santiago doesn’t believe this.
Santiago doesn’t like this.
Santiago doesn’t need to feel guilty.
Santiago doesn’t think Rima belongs in jail.
Santiago doesn’t trust Rima yet.
Santiago doesn’t want the FBI to poke around his human trafficking business.
Santiago doesn’t want to talk about it.
Santiago dragged Rima off the bed.
Santiago dragged Rima out of the room.
Santiago drank the glass of wine without a second thought.
Santiago dressed as a woman.
Santiago dressed up but didn’t tell Rima where he was heading.
Santiago dressed up in women's clothing.
Santiago drew nothing but naked women in his notebooks.
Santiago dropped Rima off at a station.
Santiago dropped out of his residency.
Santiago dropped the box and let out a scream.
Santiago dropped the pill into the glass and it dissolved.
Santiago drove away with the rabbit.
Santiago drove back to town.
Santiago drove in a panic.
Santiago drove off.
Santiago drugged Rima.
Santiago eats human organs to gain his strength back.
Santiago emerged from the debris.
Santiago ended up making four thousand dinars for a tip.
Santiago entered a dark room.
Santiago entered the bathroom.
Santiago entered the building.
Santiago escaped through the mechanical room.
Santiago even tried to make a move on Rima.
Santiago excused himself and bid Rima goodbye.
Santiago exited the hotel.
Santiago failed his Berber exam.
Santiago feared contamination.
Santiago fell unconscious.
Santiago felt creeped out by Rima.
Santiago felt disappointed.
Santiago fixed the air filtration system.
Santiago flipped like a switch.
Santiago flipped the table.
Santiago followed Rima into the woods.
Santiago followed Rima to her house.
Santiago followed Rima’s instructions.
Santiago forced Rima to open the door.
Santiago forcibly kissed Rima.
Santiago formulated a plan.
Santiago fought back.
Santiago found Rima alone.
Santiago found Rima on the bed, undressed.
Santiago found Rima’s body in the house.
Santiago found Rima’s body.
Santiago found Rima’s empaled body.
Santiago found a bunch of spy cameras there.
Santiago found a camera in the toilet.
Santiago found a small room with an incomplete toilet and shower.
Santiago found earrings that had blood on them.
Santiago found four of Rima’s severed fingers.
Santiago found himself locked in a room.
Santiago found himself strapped on top of an altar.
Santiago found himself tied up.
Santiago found out that Melissa and Rima were friends.
Santiago found the werewolf feeding on Rima’s body.
Santiago frantically got into a truck.
Santiago freed Rima.
Santiago freed the woman.
Santiago gained Rima’s trust.
Santiago gained infamous popularity for his crimes.
Santiago gathered the clothes from his room and ran away.
Santiago gave Melissa a ride to the ATM.
Santiago gave Melissa money for smokes.
Santiago gave Rima a beer.
Santiago gave Rima a book that talked about the killings.
Santiago gave Rima a tour of the bunker.
Santiago gave Rima her belongings.
Santiago gave the cookies to his grandmother.
Santiago got a new camera.
Santiago got back in the truck.
Santiago got caught by a monster.
Santiago got confused.
Santiago got further and further away from Melissa.
Santiago got in trouble.
Santiago got inside the truck.
Santiago got into a car crush.
Santiago got into a fight at school.
Santiago got no answer.
Santiago got on the train just fine.
Santiago got out of the subway.
Santiago got stuck on the banister.
Santiago got tired of waiting.
Santiago got very infuriated.
Santiago grabbed a pair of scissors from the kitchen.
Santiago graduated.
Santiago guessed it was Rima’s fault.
Santiago had a missed call.
Santiago had a misunderstanding with Rima.
Santiago had a security camera installed.
Santiago had an interest in bondage.
Santiago had his hand inside his pocket.
Santiago had mental illnesses and didn't take his meds.
Santiago had no reason to visit the dorms again.
Santiago had the same recurrent dream five times in a row.
Santiago had to go to the hospital.
Santiago handed Melissa a bundle of letters and magazines.
Santiago has Rima’s picture.
Santiago has a big order tonight.
Santiago has a giant knife under his car seat.
Santiago has a gun.
Santiago has a hard time trusting people.
Santiago has a loaded gun.
Santiago has a toilet.
Santiago has become a skilled underground plastic surgeon.
Santiago has been cleaning all morning.
Santiago has been staying upstairs while his uncle is gone.
Santiago has been up all night, searching for old photos.
Santiago has cleaned up and shaved.
Santiago has combat experience.
Santiago has come to tell Rima about that.
Santiago has come to the rescue.
Santiago has countless bondage magazines.
Santiago has cuts on his body.
Santiago has delivered there before.
Santiago has diabetes.
Santiago has explained everything.
Santiago has found Rima’s body.
Santiago has herpes.
Santiago has just tried to shoot Rima without second thoughts.
Santiago has left.
Santiago has nowhere else to go.
Santiago has to find a way to escape.
Santiago has told the whole school about Rima’s nude photo.
Santiago hasn’t heard of Rima for a long time.
Santiago hates being out of control.
Santiago hates remedial classes.
Santiago headed downstairs, towards the cafeteria.
Santiago headed out the door to go to school.
Santiago headed to Algiers, too.
Santiago headed to the cabin.
Santiago headed to the cafeteria.
Santiago headed to the control room.
Santiago headed to the farm.
Santiago headed towards the library.
Santiago heard Rima’s screams from inside the truck.
Santiago heard a car earlier.
Santiago heard a flock of birds flying overhead.
Santiago heard a helicopter flying overhead.
Santiago heard a loud sound.
Santiago heard screaming coming from one of the rooms.
Santiago heard someone whisper his name.
Santiago heard the crunch of DVDs under his feet.
Santiago heard the noises outside.
Santiago heard the van door slide open.
Santiago held out his hand for a goodbye handshake.
Santiago helped Melissa set up the Christmas stuff.
Santiago helped Rima pick up the papers.
Santiago helped another girl.
Santiago helped survivors.
Santiago hesitantly turned off the camera.
Santiago hid behind the truck.
Santiago hid behind the wall.
Santiago hid in bushes.
Santiago hid in the bathroom.
Santiago hid inside another house.
Santiago hit Melissa with a frying pan.
Santiago hit Rima on the forehead.
Santiago hit Rima with a sword.
Santiago hit Rima’s head with a bat.
Santiago hit the demon with a bat.
Santiago hung up the phone.
Santiago hurried to apologize to the professor.
Santiago hurried to clean up the operating room.
Santiago identified Rima as the killer.
Santiago ignored his gut feeling and shoved it to the back of his mind.
Santiago ignored the sign and continued his journey.
Santiago immediately expressed his condolences to Rima.
Santiago immediately got inside.
Santiago immediately headed to the cabin.
Santiago immediately pointed a gun at Rima’s neck.
Santiago immediately ran for his life.
Santiago impaled himself with a spear.
Santiago injured Rima badly.
Santiago injured his arm.
Santiago inspected the surveillance cameras.
Santiago installed cameras in strategic areas of the house.
Santiago insulted the cop.
Santiago interrupted the gathering.
Santiago interrupted the lecture.
Santiago introduced himself as Walid Nani.
Santiago invited Rima to come inside the house.
Santiago invited Rima to have some tea.
Santiago is Rima’s boss.
Santiago is Rima’s father’s brother.
Santiago is a Satan worshipper.
Santiago is a bit of a psycho.
Santiago is a handyman.
Santiago is a pathological liar.
Santiago is a scout member.
Santiago is a scruffy guy.
Santiago is a serial killer.
Santiago is a surgical student.
Santiago is absent-minded.
Santiago is acting crazy.
Santiago is an Algerian fashion designer.
Santiago is an avid Cosplayer.
Santiago is better than he thinks of himself.
Santiago is chained up in the middle of the woods.
Santiago is currently babysitting his younger siblings.
Santiago is definitely not white.
Santiago is deranged.
Santiago is easily annoyed.
Santiago is even sketchier than Walid.
Santiago is from the club.
Santiago is getting worried.
Santiago is going bowling with Rima.
Santiago is half Algerian.
Santiago is in his apartment.
Santiago is just concerned.
Santiago is just getting old.
Santiago is known and loved by everyone in town.
Santiago is known for not giving tips.
Santiago is looking for a new job.
Santiago is not around.
Santiago is not coming back.
Santiago is not connected to the murders.
Santiago is not for sale.
Santiago is not just a cop. He’s actually an FBI agent.
Santiago is now awake.
Santiago is now dressed.
Santiago is one of the "Toronto Killer"'s unknown victims.
Santiago is planning to kill Rima.
Santiago is poor in cash.
Santiago is pretty lucid.
Santiago is probably working on a job.
Santiago is ready to pay forty million dinars for Rima.
Santiago is recovering.
Santiago is still alive.
Santiago is still missing.
Santiago is still young to make such decisions.
Santiago is the "Toronto Killer."
Santiago is the capital of Chile.
Santiago is the occupant of the apartment.
Santiago is the sole survivor.
Santiago is too arrogant and egotistical to apologize.
Santiago is unable to speak.
Santiago is visiting some friends for a dinner party.
Santiago is working two jobs to make ends meet.
Santiago isn’t doing so well.
Santiago isn’t getting out of that situation unscathed.
Santiago isn’t giving up yet.
Santiago isn’t so forgiving.
Santiago isn’t with Rima any longer.
Santiago joined Rima in the backyard.
Santiago joined Rima in the shower.
Santiago joined Rima in washing the dishes.
Santiago joined the party that night.
Santiago joked about it.
Santiago just appeared out of nowhere.
Santiago just needs help.
Santiago just wants to know what happened.
Santiago kept Rima company.
Santiago kept moving forward.
Santiago kept practicing suturing on turkeys.
Santiago kept telling Walid to stay away from Rima.
Santiago kept trashing Rima’s things.
Santiago kicked Rima’s arms until she released him.
Santiago kicked the barrel of acid towards Walid.
Santiago kidnapped Rima when she was pregnant.
Santiago killed Rima before running away.
Santiago killed Rima right there on the floor.
Santiago killed Rima with a spike through her skull.
Santiago killed the sheriff.
Santiago kissed Rima before running away.
Santiago knocked out Rima by using a taser on her.
Santiago knows Rima’s whereabouts.
Santiago knows he has to put family first.
Santiago knows nothing about that.
Santiago knows what truly happened to Rima.
Santiago laid down some rules.
Santiago landed a great career at a young age.
Santiago later apologized.
Santiago later told Rima the truth.
Santiago leaked the make-out session to the Internet.
Santiago left Rima his phone number.
Santiago left Rima with a glass of soda.
Santiago left abruptly.
Santiago left in a hurry.
Santiago left the apartment.
Santiago left the house.
Santiago left the pool.
Santiago left the premises.
Santiago left with a heavy heart.
Santiago left without a tip.
Santiago let Rima finish what she wanted to say.
Santiago let Rima know he was fine.
Santiago let Rima leave.
Santiago let the woman in.
Santiago listened to the conversation.
Santiago lived here.
Santiago lived in Algiers as a child.
Santiago lived in a completely separate dorm.
Santiago lived in the dorms.
Santiago lives in a five-room apartment.
Santiago locked himself on the fourth floor.
Santiago looked around.
Santiago looked at Melissa, then back at me.
Santiago looked for help.
Santiago looked horrified at the question.
Santiago looked more traumatized than before.
Santiago looks forward to rebuilding his relationship with his children.
Santiago lost control of his body and wet himself.
Santiago made Rima come over to his place.
Santiago made Rima drop the subject.
Santiago made Rima promise never to indulge in drinking again.
Santiago made a crazy decision.
Santiago made a hazmat suit.
Santiago made love to Rima against her will.
Santiago made peace with his actions during the war.
Santiago made the plot even more interesting.
Santiago managed to get in.
Santiago managed to knock Rima unconscious.
Santiago managed to pin Rima down and rip her shirt off.
Santiago managed to push Rima off him.
Santiago met Rima at the frozen section.
Santiago met Rima in the hallway.
Santiago met a girl.
Santiago met with the private detective at his apartment.
Santiago mourned for Rima.
Santiago moved into his new place.
Santiago moved to the farm.
Santiago needs assistance.
Santiago needs psychiatric help.
Santiago needs to focus on performing surgeries.
Santiago needs to join a remedial class.
Santiago never showed up for work yesterday.
Santiago never went to work that day.
Santiago noticed other problems.
Santiago noticed something wrapped in a cloth.
Santiago noticed that someone had been to his room.
Santiago noticed that someone had gone through his stuff.
Santiago noticed the empty glass.
Santiago noticed the man at the door.
Santiago offered Rima a job at his company.
Santiago offered to drive Melissa to work.
Santiago offered to give Rima a ride to her work place.
Santiago opened the attic door and walked up the stairs.
Santiago opened the door all the way.
Santiago opened the door for Rima.
Santiago opened the door, immediately pulled Melissa inside and locked the door.
Santiago opened the first door.
Santiago ordered Rima to cuff herself.
Santiago ordered Rima to find a flashlight.
Santiago ordered Rima to grab her bag and follow him to his car.
Santiago ordered Rima to kill Walid.
Santiago ordered Rima to untie Walid.
Santiago ordered everyone to attack.
Santiago packed his suitcase.
Santiago paid a visit to Rima.
Santiago pass out before he could answer the call.
Santiago passed by the farm where Rima work.
Santiago peed in the bed.
Santiago performed body modification surgery on Rima.
Santiago performed the surgery beautifully.
Santiago picked a bunch of keys from the cabinet and took them with him.
Santiago picked the call.
Santiago picked up the pace.
Santiago picked up the phone and dialled 911.
Santiago planned to pin all the murders on Rima.
Santiago played a video of himself.
Santiago played a video of when he was young.
Santiago played the recorded video.
Santiago poured gasoline all over Rima and set her on fire.
Santiago practiced too late last night.
Santiago probably shouldn’t drink that tea.
Santiago proceeded to violently murder himself with the scissors.
Santiago produced enough smoke to trigger the fire alarm.
Santiago promised never to indulge in drinking again.
Santiago promised to finish the job.
Santiago puked a bunch of worms.
Santiago pulled up in front of a mosque.
Santiago pulled up right next to Melissa.
Santiago pushed Rima off.
Santiago put the dog in the back of his truck.
Santiago put the job application form aside.
Santiago put the liver in the oven.
Santiago put the money in his pouch.
Santiago quickly explored the house.
Santiago quietly made his way to the living room.
Santiago quit that store.
Santiago ran after those kids, yelling out to them: "Wait until I catch you!"
Santiago ran down the zigzag stairs.
Santiago ran inside immediately.
Santiago ran into traffic.
Santiago ran on a broken ankle.
Santiago ran out and Melissa followed.
Santiago ran out of bullets.
Santiago ran outside the house.
Santiago ran outside.
Santiago ran to answer his phone.
Santiago ran to the clearing.
Santiago reached the mechanical room.
Santiago reacted very hostilely to Rima’s presence.
Santiago realized his cover was blown.
Santiago realized something was off.
Santiago realized that there was a trap.
Santiago realized where he was.
Santiago really intended to do that.
Santiago rebuked Rima.
Santiago received a beating from his stepdad.
Santiago received a phone call.
Santiago received a text from Rima.
Santiago received an apology note from Rima on his window.
Santiago received an apology note from Rima.
Santiago reconsidered.
Santiago recorded the whole process.
Santiago refused to follow Rima.
Santiago refused to give Melissa any information.
Santiago refused to live in the dorms.
Santiago regretted being friends with John.
Santiago regretted ever talking to Rima.
Santiago regretted his actions.
Santiago reluctantly handed the gun to Rima.
Santiago reminded Rima to focus on her studies.
Santiago removed Rima’s handcuffs.
Santiago removed his mask.
Santiago removed the apron.
Santiago reported Melissa's behavior to the teacher.
Santiago reported the incident to the newspaper.
Santiago rescued the girl of his dreams.
Santiago returned Rima to the cellar.
Santiago returned to Rima’s house.
Santiago revealed the truth about his father.
Santiago ripped Rima’s throat with his bare teeth.
Santiago rode an overcrowded bus.
Santiago rolled over to get more comfortable.
Santiago rubbed some cream on Rima.
Santiago ruined Rima’s plan.
Santiago rushed a dying Rima to the hospital.
Santiago rushed home.
Santiago said Rima’s toothbrush tasted bad.
Santiago said he couldn’t recall.
Santiago said he felt sexy in women's clothing.
Santiago said there was a ghost living in the house with him.
Santiago sat by the pool.
Santiago sat in front of the monitor.
Santiago saved Rima from a car crash.
Santiago saved Rima’s life.
Santiago saw Rima following that woman.
Santiago saw Rima panic.
Santiago saw Rima touching Walid’s hand.
Santiago saw Rima walking with her dog.
Santiago saw Rima’s application form.
Santiago saw a creature coming out of the field.
Santiago saw a hallway full of supplies.
Santiago saw an aircraft.
Santiago saw everything.
Santiago saw himself in the mirror.
Santiago saw the door was open.
Santiago saw the explosion.
Santiago scared his friends.
Santiago screamed in pain.
Santiago searched the whole attic and didn't find anything.
Santiago searched through Rima’s things but found nothing.
Santiago seemed to have been there for quite some time.
Santiago sent Rima a code word at the end of every text.
Santiago sent Rima back to bed.
Santiago sent a message to Rima to help him.
Santiago sent the club manager an email.
Santiago set off the alarm.
Santiago set up a plan with Rima.
Santiago set up an online store.
Santiago set up the camera in the sitting room.
Santiago shared a table with Rima.
Santiago shook his head from side to side.
Santiago shot the intruder right in his dick.
Santiago shot the werewolf before he could attack.
Santiago shot without hesitation.
Santiago should go and visit his grandmother.
Santiago should not ask any questions.
Santiago should start praying for his sins.
Santiago shouldn’t be pointing a weapon at someone unless he’s intending to use it.
Santiago shouldn’t get himself killed.
Santiago shouldn’t just barge in on Rima.
Santiago shouldn’t risk breaking that rule.
Santiago shouldn’t use Rima’s toothbrush.
Santiago showed up at the veterinary clinic.
Santiago showed up with a machete.
Santiago showered, too.
Santiago simply intends to keep Rima safe.
Santiago slammed the bottle across Rima’s face.
Santiago slapped Melissa playfully.
Santiago slapped Rima in front of the kids.
Santiago slapped the little boy.
Santiago slept with a baseball bath.
Santiago sliced up the pumpkin.
Santiago slit Rima’s throat.
Santiago smacked Rima in the face.
Santiago smoked and got high.
Santiago smoked cigarettes.
Santiago snuck in through an unlocked door.
Santiago snuck into the house.
Santiago spent his day at the beach.
Santiago spilled gas.
Santiago split off from Rima.
Santiago spotted Rima in a bikini.
Santiago sprayed his new perfume.
Santiago stabbed Melissa and tried to push the knife deeper.
Santiago stared at the shower curtain.
Santiago started asking a series of questions.
Santiago started assuming a leadership role.
Santiago started beating on his horn like crazy.
Santiago started bleeding.
Santiago started calling for help.
Santiago started doing the ritual to kill Rima.
Santiago started dressing.
Santiago started driving away.
Santiago started driving.
Santiago started feeling unwell.
Santiago started grieving.
Santiago started pleading with his mother for forgiveness.
Santiago started pouring salt on the floor.
Santiago started to eat one of the rabbits.
Santiago started undressing, too.
Santiago started undressing.
Santiago started vomiting his intestines.
Santiago started writing.
Santiago startled.
Santiago stashed the photos back into the box.
Santiago stayed positive.
Santiago stepped out of his car.
Santiago still attempted to attack Rima.
Santiago still has to wait for the bus.
Santiago stole his grandma's cellphone.
Santiago stole the camera.
Santiago stood outside the door.
Santiago stopped Rima from going out.
Santiago stopped and handed Melissa a paper.
Santiago stopped going up to the attic.
Santiago stopped sleeping over.
Santiago stopped the truck.
Santiago stopped unlocking the door.
Santiago stormed outside.
Santiago stormed the house to look for Rima.
Santiago studies very hard.
Santiago summoned a powerful demon.
Santiago surprised Melissa with a morning coffee.
Santiago suspected that someone was in the attic.
Santiago talked about himself from time to time.
Santiago talked about his love life.
Santiago talked to Rima in a weird fashion.
Santiago teased Rima about it.
Santiago tempted Rima.
Santiago terminated Rima and stole her car.
Santiago thanked Rima, too.
Santiago thinks Walid is a fool.
Santiago thought Rima was suspicious of him.
Santiago thought about calling his mom.
Santiago threatened to kill himself with pills.
Santiago threatened to stab Rima.
Santiago threw a tantrum on the bed.
Santiago tied Rima behind the bed.
Santiago tied Rima up and took her to the basement.
Santiago told Melissa that he wasn't asleep.
Santiago told Melissa to leave his apartment and never return.
Santiago told Melissa to remain a virgin.
Santiago told Rima a story to distract her.
Santiago told Rima about his horrifying discovery.
Santiago told Rima he felt the same way for her.
Santiago told Rima his own experience.
Santiago told Rima not to call Walid "father."
Santiago told Rima that he was thirsty.
Santiago told Rima that he would call the cops.
Santiago told Rima that the photo wasn’t his.
Santiago told Rima that the police were coming.
Santiago told Rima to drop the phone.
Santiago told Rima to make a wish.
Santiago took Rima captive.
Santiago took Rima inside the trailer.
Santiago took Rima to a bedroom.
Santiago took Rima to the cellar.
Santiago took Rima to the shed.
Santiago took Rima’s glass of soda.
Santiago took Rima’s sister hostage.
Santiago took Rima’s tapes but didn’t admit it.
Santiago took a break.
Santiago took a bus to the farm.
Santiago took a cloth to wear.
Santiago took a lawnmower and brutally murdered Rima with it.
Santiago took a picture.
Santiago took a seat to recuperate.
Santiago took down Rima’s rapist.
Santiago took his dog to the hospital.
Santiago took his foot off the clutch.
Santiago took his medicaiton.
Santiago took his mind off everything else.
Santiago took out his camera, too.
Santiago took out his father’s rifle.
Santiago took that story with a grain of salt.
Santiago took the camera and asked Rima if she wanted a picture.
Santiago took the picture down.
Santiago tortured Rima into giving away Walid’s address.
Santiago trapped the Gremlin inside the fridge.
Santiago tried calling Rima’s phone.
Santiago tried to call for help.
Santiago tried to call the police.
Santiago tried to escape but he found no way out.
Santiago tried to escape but his kidnappers terminated him.
Santiago tried to figure out how to use that gun.
Santiago tried to find the cemetery again.
Santiago tried to grope Melissa's chest.
Santiago tried to hide the camera from Rima.
Santiago tried to keep himself busy with various activities.
Santiago tried to kiss Rima again.
Santiago tried to make a move on Rima.
Santiago tried to save Rima.
Santiago tried to stitch Rima’s wound.
Santiago tried to untie Rima.
Santiago triggered Rima’s car’s alarm.
Santiago turned against Rima.
Santiago turned around the corner and there she was.
Santiago turned himself in.
Santiago turned in the evidence.
Santiago turned the radio on.
Santiago turned to face me.
Santiago unfit to handle a gun.
Santiago untied Rima.
Santiago uploaded the video to the Internet.
Santiago used a new code word in his text message.
Santiago used that to motivate Rima.
Santiago used the bus ticket to go to town.
Santiago used the gun to protect himself.
Santiago used those words in his text message.
Santiago used to sit in the office.
Santiago uses the monitors to watch his tenants.
Santiago visited the aquarium where Rima worked.
Santiago visited the hardware store.
Santiago voiced his unwillingness to do that.
Santiago waited for the bus that would take him home.
Santiago walked Melissa through the campus to the parking lot.
Santiago walked among the trees.
Santiago walked closer.
Santiago walked in, too.
Santiago walked nearer.
Santiago walked towards the elevator.
Santiago wanted Melissa to remain virgin.
Santiago wanted no part of that.
Santiago wanted to keep Melissa away from guys.
Santiago wanted to make Rima suffer.
Santiago wanted to make his head demon-like.
Santiago wanted to play games on Melissa's computer.
Santiago wanted to sleep with no undergarment.
Santiago wants Melissa to tutor him in Berber.
Santiago wants to become a "genderless doll."
Santiago wants to improve his math.
Santiago wants to see his son again.
Santiago warned Rima to stop flirting with Walid.
Santiago warned Walid to steer clear from Rima.
Santiago was a neighbor.
Santiago was a picky eater.
Santiago was a really curious teenager.
Santiago was a tough guy with long hair.
Santiago was able to buy his own home.
Santiago was about our age.
Santiago was about to end his life.
Santiago was actually extremely interested in Berber.
Santiago was also afraid of Rima.
Santiago was always in Melissa's dreams.
Santiago was always protected by Rima.
Santiago was amazed by how beautiful the mansion was.
Santiago was angered.
Santiago was at Rima’s home.
Santiago was at a house party.
Santiago was back to filming himself with his camera.
Santiago was behind the truck.
Santiago was born in the same place in 2004.
Santiago was camping in the woods.
Santiago was carving a message for Rima.
Santiago was celebrating his new job.
Santiago was confused and terrified.
Santiago was convinced Rima was in trouble.
Santiago was convinced that Rima was trapped.
Santiago was covered with lesions.
Santiago was definitely one of the Toronto Killer’s unknown victims.
Santiago was digging a grave for Rima.
Santiago was dressed like a college student.
Santiago was empowered by the situation.
Santiago was enthusiastic.
Santiago was forced to watch.
Santiago was found four days later.
Santiago was freaked out by the ghost.
Santiago was frightened by that.
Santiago was getting weird looks from Rima.
Santiago was going through Rima’s stuff.
Santiago was hanging in the middle of the room.
Santiago was having an intimate moment with one of the new girls.
Santiago was held captive by Rima.
Santiago was hiding behind Rima.
Santiago was holding Rima hostage.
Santiago was horrified by the site.
Santiago was immediately dismissive.
Santiago was in Rima and Walid’s house.
Santiago was in a car.
Santiago was in a defensive position.
Santiago was in a deranged state.
Santiago was in a dorm that had an elevator.
Santiago was in a hopeless situation.
Santiago was in a hospital gown.
Santiago was in front of Rima’s house.
Santiago was in his dorm room.
Santiago was in the bathroom, having his bath.
Santiago was incapacitated.
Santiago was inside the trailer.
Santiago was institutionalized.
Santiago was investigating Rima’s disappearance.
Santiago was investigating the Toronto killings.
Santiago was invited by Rima.
Santiago was invited by his tutor to join a party at his home.
Santiago was irritated by Rima’s questions.
Santiago was just leaning against the wall.
Santiago was listening to music and shaking his head to the tune.
Santiago was locked in another room.
Santiago was locked up as well.
Santiago was lying bloody on the floor.
Santiago was mistreated and underpaid.
Santiago was more traumatized than before.
Santiago was mortally injured by Rima.
Santiago was nervous and terrified.
Santiago was no longer in Melissa's room.
Santiago was not in a position to buy a house.
Santiago was on a five-day trip.
Santiago was on acid.
Santiago was on the verge of a mental breakdown.
Santiago was one of Rima’s victims.
Santiago was part of a youth organization.
Santiago was passed out on the carpet.
Santiago was plagued with troubles on his mind.
Santiago was preparing to go have fun in town.
Santiago was puking his guts out in the bushes.
Santiago was pulled out of the room.
Santiago was purchasing drugs.
Santiago was quicker.
Santiago was relieved to hear the engine running again.
Santiago was relieved to see Rima.
Santiago was reluctant to go.
Santiago was running away through the woods.
Santiago was seemingly alive.
Santiago was seen smoking weed at a cocktail party.
Santiago was seriously injured.
Santiago was shouting for help.
Santiago was singing to his co-workers.
Santiago was sitting in a trance.
Santiago was sitting in the back of the room.
Santiago was standing behind Rima.
Santiago was startled by Melissa's entry, as was she by him.
Santiago was still inside.
Santiago was struck by Rima’s beauty.
Santiago was taken to the ER by ambulance.
Santiago was talking into the camera.
Santiago was the one who picked the call.
Santiago was there for the mail.
Santiago was tied up and gagged.
Santiago was tied up inside the house.
Santiago was told that his grandmother passed away.
Santiago was too busy to answer the phone.
Santiago was too full for anything.
Santiago was trembling in terror.
Santiago was trying to do this.
Santiago was trying to make small talk with Melissa.
Santiago was unable to sleep.
Santiago was unaware of what had happened.
Santiago was under Rima’s supervision.
Santiago was uneasy at the dining table.
Santiago was using Rima’s toothbrush.
Santiago was venting about his ex.
Santiago was very interested in Melissa's ethnic background.
Santiago was visibly jealous.
Santiago was warming up his truck.
Santiago was wearing very expensive clothing.
Santiago was weirded out by the situation.
Santiago was willing to pay forty thousand dinars for Rima’s undergarments.
Santiago was worried about Rima.
Santiago was worshipping Baphomet.
Santiago washed his body vigorously.
Santiago wasn’t in the tapes.
Santiago wasn’t in the videos.
Santiago watched a crime movie.
Santiago watched his German Shepherd take her last breath.
Santiago watched the thriller film titled "No Limits."
Santiago welcomed Rima.
Santiago welcomed another customer.
Santiago went back home.
Santiago went back to the room.
Santiago went home to see his mom.
Santiago went inside to take some equipment.
Santiago went into the crawl space.
Santiago went missing four years ago.
Santiago went on Tinder to message Melissa.
Santiago went on with his day.
Santiago went outside to smoke.
Santiago went shopping in Algiers.
Santiago went through Rima’s belongings.
Santiago went to a private religious university.
Santiago went to get the ladder.
Santiago went to high school with Rima’s sister.
Santiago went to his parents’ bedroom.
Santiago went to the apartment.
Santiago went to the club.
Santiago went to the community center.
Santiago went to the kitchen.
Santiago went to the shed.
Santiago went under the crawl space.
Santiago went up to the attic.
Santiago will be going to summer school.
Santiago will be old and gray by the time they release him from jail.
Santiago will be staying at Rima’s place for a night.
Santiago will be working on a farm.
Santiago will have less income.
Santiago will leave later.
Santiago will now be living here.
Santiago will pay Rima forty thousand dinars for the surgery.
Santiago will take that secret to his grave.
Santiago witnessed that horrifying event.
Santiago woke up at the zoo.
Santiago woke up in the middle of the night for no reason.
Santiago woke up to go to work.
Santiago wondered who sent him that note.
Santiago wore a pig mask.
Santiago worked for the military.
Santiago works at a strip club.
Santiago wrote a note to Melissa and pushed it through the wall.
Santiago wrote a song for Melissa.
Santiago yelled for Rima to stop.
Santiago's car broke down again.
Santiago's clothing began to look worn and exceedingly dirty.
Santiago's daughter was just playing pretend.
Santiago's eyes burst open.
Santiago's face turned paler.
Santiago's family was pretty odd.
Santiago's grin looked almost threatening.
Santiago's hatred and aggressive attitude were insane.
Santiago's house was in a pretty rough shape.
Santiago's mind wasn't in the right state.
Santiago's mom was super against him buying a motorbike.
Santiago's old car broke down.
Santiago's response was immediate anger.
Santiago's room had a closet as well.
Santiago's room was at the end of the wall.
Santiago's two back tires were slashed.
Santiago's words still give me chills.
Santiago’s body was left there as a warning.
Santiago’s box is already gone.
Santiago’s camera has been disabled.
Santiago’s camera isn’t off.
Santiago’s car was pulled into the air by the alien aircraft.
Santiago’s date with Rima went well.
Santiago’s door was finally open.
Santiago’s engine broke down.
Santiago’s family’s place is here.
Santiago’s gun was empty.
Santiago’s house is out of shape.
Santiago’s jovial mood angered Rima.
Santiago’s kidnappers were planning to kill him.
Santiago’s name was written in pen.
Santiago’s phone was in the opposite corner of the room.
Santiago’s plan failed.
Santiago’s suspicion towards Rima grew.
Santiago’s uncle is an FBI agent.
Santiago’s vacation ended.
Santo Domingo is the capital of the Dominican Republic.
Sanyu has read over 1000 books in her lifetime.
Sao Paulo is the biggest city in South America.
Saoirse ate a whole batch of blueberry muffins today!
Saoirse read a thousand books during her lifetime.
Sapient beings are far more advanced than humans.
Sapphire is the blue form of corundum.
Sappho is old.
Sappho is without a doubt one of the greatest icons for both lesbians and queers that there has ever been in all of history.
Sappho was a famous Lesbian poet.
Sappho's surviving works are mostly fragmentary.
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.
Sara denied, saying: I did not laugh: for she was afraid. But the Lord said: Nay; but thou didst laugh.
Sara didn't recognize herself when she saw herself in the mirror.
Sara has 31 pens.
Sara has thirty-one ballpoint pens.
Sara hoped Linda would stay in Baghdad for a while.
Sara is a Tunisian citizen.
Sara is a historical fiction writer.
Sara is an exceptional caricaturist.
Sara is an exceptional cartoonist.
Sara is into AC/DC.
Sara is supposed to be in Baghdad.
Sara is trying to get to Baghdad.
Sara likes sardines.
Sara took pictures of that mountain in summer.
Sarah Berlinger supervised her boy’s rise in show business. She pushed him to be a success. Missus Berlinger attended all of her son’s performances.
Sarah Bernhardt had her right leg amputated at the age of 70.
Sarah Bernhardt was a French stage actress.
Sarah and Marsha - I love you both more than you can imagine.
Sarah avoided me now, but she and Mary were just inseparable.
Sarah decided to pursue her dream job in Tokyo.
Sarah demanded that she be given a refund.
Sarah doesn't get along well with the other girls in her class.
Sarah doesn't like spicy food.
Sarah either kept her opinions to herself, or never held any in the first place.
Sarah enjoys painting beautiful landscapes.
Sarah gave it to Aaron.
Sarah gets very bored listening to her grandparents rambling on about old times.
Sarah had a dark side.
Sarah is a mousy-quiet and reserved woman.
Sarah is an Afghan citizen.
Sarah is an Afghanistani citizen.
Sarah is an Indian citizen.
Sarah is naive and gullible.
Sarah likes salmon.
Sarah loves pegging her husband Bernard.
Sarah sings a happy song, a happy song Sarah sings.
Sarah took that photo of the mountains during summer.
Sarah took that photo of the mountains during the summer.
Sarah uncovered an ancient artifact.
Sarah was at a low ebb for several weeks after her mother died.
Sarah was discerning enough to realize that her friends were trying to prank her.
Sarah was my first love.
Sarah was shaking.
Sarah will throw a big party with a lot of music.
Sarah wore a sari.
Sarah's going to give it to Aaron.
Sarah's young friends were starting to be scared. Only she kept her cool and reassured her friends.
Sarah, I believe you have what it takes to be a great volleyball player.
Sarah, could you close the blinds?
Saraiki is closely related to Standard Punjabi.
Sarajevo is the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sarak, who was the Old Man of the tribe as well as his sire, and Monah, Rog's mother, were short and heavy and thickly covered with hair.
Saray Khumalo, the first black African woman to conquer Mt. Everest, appears to have set a Guinness World Record for the most money raised during an eight-hour stationary cycling fundraiser.
Sarcasm is a type of irony.
Sarcasm should not be confused with cynicism.
Sarcasm?
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq congratulated President Ilham Aliyev on the successful holding of the 17th Summit of the Economic Cooperation Organization, and touched upon the great political significance of organizing this event in the city of Khankendi.
Sardines will save you from obesity.
Sargassum provides a home to an amazing variety of marine species.
Sargassum provides essential habitat for shrimp, crab, fish, and other marine species that have adapted specifically to this floating algae.
Sarila loves to swim in the ocean, even though it's cold.
Sarjis said these things on Saturday afternoon while distributing financial assistance among the families of the martyrs of the July-August movement at the Shilpakala Academy Auditorium in Barisal.
Sark is part of the English Channel Islands off the coast of Normandy, France. It is a royal fief, part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey, and has its own set of laws based on Norman law, its own parliament, and exchequer.
Sarkozy defended a model of sustainable growth.
Sartre was a prominent sociologist.
Sartre was an important sociologist.
Sascha lowered the binoculars and turned to his colleagues.
Sasha Masakowski remembers being six years old, seated at the piano next to her father—the renowned jazz guitarist, Steve Masakowski.
Sasha always appreciated what I did for her.
Sasha and Malia! I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
Sasha and Malia! I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that’s coming with us to the White House.
Sasha and Masha were born in St. Petersburg, but all they remember is Tomsk, where they grew up.
Sasha and Steve love playing together.
Sasha can't finish the project because he is always getting diverted.
Sasha had a huge bump on his head.
Sasha had a sharp pain in her right hand.
Sasha had a sharp pain in his right hand.
Sasha is gender-fluid.
Sasha is known for her musicality and her ability to improvise or “scat.”
Sasha likes cherries and pirogies.
Sasha remembers being six years old, seated at the piano next to her father.
Sasha says she admired him from afar until the day they met.
Sasha says she doesn’t mind his criticism because she knows he’s coming from a place of love.
Sasha says some of her earliest memories are of the Brazilian melodies her parents played throughout the house.
Sasha says that Ukrainians adore borshch, as well as cherries together with pirogies.
Sasha stared at the motionless black dot on the wall.
Sasha the Ukrainian says that Russian vodka has more alcohol content than does Ukrainian vodka.
Sasha went to the bathroom, collected cold tap water in the palms of his hands, and rinsed out his mouth.
Saskaviy has learned how to create a web page.
Sasquatch doesn't like folks wandering into its territory.
Sasquatch only attacks when provoked or threatened.
Satan continues to fight against God and causes great trouble for humans.
Satan himself should be afraid of messing with Yanni.
Satan himself would avoid messing with Yanni.
Satan himself wouldn't like to mess with Yanni.
Satan is a brat.
Satan is a rascal.
Satan is a squirrel.
Satan is an invention of the human mind.
Satan is dead.
Satan is pleased.
Satan started to take control of Martino’s body.
Satan's ghost awakes.
Satan's power is weak here.
Satan: "I can force everything to be done. But the taste of coercion is bitter and salty."
Satanism is a very wide umbrella.
Satanism is at least four completely separate religions.
Satanism is just inverted Christianity.
Satanists want to carry out the devil's work.
Satanists worship the devil.
Satan’s ghost awakes.
Satellite data can help scientists find penguin populations.
Satellite imagery is being used in an effort to narrow down the area in the Indian Ocean where floating debris has been observed.
Satellite instruments measure light emitted or reflected back to space at different wavelengths and create spectral reflectance curves.
Satellites are amazing tools for observing the Earth.
Satellites in orbit around Earth help us communicate and monitor the planet's climate.
Satellites provide information that has a significant impact on fields such as meteorology and climate science, as well as agriculture, thus improving crop yields and extending our scientific knowledge of the earth.
Satellites use radar and laser pulses to measure the height of the world's polar ice sheets and ice shelves.
Satire has a point, and that point can be criticized like any serious argument.
Satire uses humor to make serious statements about society. Those statements can be criticized.
Satisfaction enriches the poor. Dissatisfaction impoverishes the rich.
Satisfaction is better than wealth.
Satisfaction is guaranteed, or we'll give you your money back.
Satisfaction is rooted in the effort and not in the result. A full effort is a complete victory.
Satisfaction is the sister of gratitude.
Satisfaction is worth its weight in gold.
Satisfaction revives need, the answering regenerates the asking, presence generates absence, and possession creates desire.
Satisfied, he smiled.
Sato is the new secretary of the company president.
Sato's high voice and mannerisms are pretty effeminate.
Satoko asked her friends to come to her party.
Satoko invited her friends to come to her party.
Satoko invited her friends to her party.
Satoru is the fastest runner out of the five of us.
Satoshi Nakamoto invented bitcoin and the blockchain.
Sato’s high voice and mannerism are pretty effeminate.
Saturated fats cause inflammation.
Saturated fats may be healthier than poly-unsaturated fats. The latter oxidize easily, while saturated fats remain stable.
Saturation diving allows divers to stay a long time at great depths, but when they want to return to the surface, they have to go through more than 16 hours of decompression inside the habitat.
Saturday and Sunday are called weekend.
Saturday comes before Sunday.
Saturday is a good day for writing.
Saturday is a great day.
Saturday is a nice to day to relax and unwind. If it's sunny, gardening is a pleasant task.
Saturday is his day off.
Saturday is my favorite day of the week.
Saturday is polling day.
Saturday is the day when he is free.
Saturday is the last day of the week.
Saturday is the last day of week.
Saturday is the pottery class I've been attending since last year.
Saturday is the pottery class I’ve been attending since last year.
Saturday is the seventh day of the week.
Saturday is the sixth day of the week.
Saturday is when I am least busy.
Saturday is when my father is free.
Saturday night's fine.
Saturday was special.
Saturday would be good for me.
Saturday's New York Times report said the hackers, who also accessed the State Department's unclassified system, did not appear to have penetrated closely guarded servers that control message traffic from the president's BlackBerry.
Saturday, a search plane spotted debris, including a wooden shipping pallet, although it was not clear whether the pallet came from a passing ship.
Saturdays and Sundays are rest days.
Saturdays are Gustavo's time for self-reflection.
Saturdays are Gustavo's time for writing poetry.
Saturdays are for relaxation, according to Gustavo.
Saturdays are sacred.
Saturn and Jupiter are very large.
Saturn and its ring system are so special that three spacecraft have visited the planet over the past 30 years to take some close-up views.
Saturn devoured his children.
Saturn has a lot of moons.
Saturn has an extensive ring system which is formed by a thousand individual rings.
Saturn has at least 53 moons. Some of these moons orbit the planet within the rings, creating gaps in the rings.
Saturn has beautiful rings.
Saturn has more than sixty moons orbiting around it.
Saturn has rings.
Saturn has the lowest average density of all the planets in the Solar System. It comes to 0.69 g/cm³.
Saturn has the lowest density of any planet in our solar system. Its density is so low that it would float if it was placed in water.
Saturn is a gas giant, too.
Saturn is a planet.
Saturn is a very large gas planet which spins very rapidly on its axis.
Saturn is my favorite planet.
Saturn is not very dense.
Saturn is out.
Saturn is surrounded by over 1000 rings made of ice and dust. Some of the rings are very thin and some are very thick. The size of the particles in the rings range from pebble-size to house-size.
Saturn is the second largest planet in the Solar System.
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun.
Saturn is very large.
Saturn isn’t the only planet to have rings, but it has the most beautiful ones.
Saturn's atmosphere has winds which can blow at over 1800 kilometers per hour.
Saturn's daughter, fearing it, and remembering the protracted war which she had first waged at Troy on behalf of her beloved Argives -- the causes of her anger and her fierce grievances had still not died down in her soul.
Saturn's moon Mimas is notable for its large crater that makes it resemble the Death Star from Star Wars.
Saturn's ring system is about 175,000 miles (280,000 km) across, yet only about half a mile (1 km) thick.
Saturn's rings stand out because they are very bright and contain lots of material. Their brightness is due to their makeup. The rings are made of icy material that reflects sunlight, just as ice does on Earth.
Saturn, like Jupiter, is a gas giant and does not have a solid surface.
Saturn’s moon Titan has all the right ingredients for life.
Saturn’s rings are made of ice, rock, and dust particles.
Sauce made with meat and fresh tomato is the best.
Saudi Arabia and Iran are already fighting a proxy war in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia and Israel will soon form a strong strategic alliance in the Middle East.
Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding terrorism.
Saudi Arabia does not issue tourist visas.
Saudi Arabia has an overwhelmingly negative reputation both in the West and in Muslim countries.
Saudi Arabia has more oil than Algeria.
Saudi Arabia is a bad-faith international actor.
Saudi Arabia is called "Al-Mamlakah Al-‘Arabiyyah As-Sa‘ūdiyyah" in Arabic.
Saudi Arabia is continuing to move away from the US.
Saudi Arabia is destabilizing the Middle East.
Saudi Arabia is distorting Islam.
Saudi Arabia is losing the war in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia is part of that problem.
Saudi Arabia is so close to the US.
Saudi Arabia is spreading radical Islam.
Saudi Arabia is the biggest labor market of Bangladesh.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the Arabian Peninsula.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the Middle East.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
Saudi Arabia sees itself as the leader of the Muslim world.
Saudi Arabia was established in 1932.
Saudi Arabia will remove the ban on women driving.
Saudi Arabia's constitution is the Quran.
Saudi king, Abdullah paid for a military plane to transport Shaari to Riyadh to undergo medical treatment.
Saudi officials are particularly focused on employing its large youth population.
Saudi women are not permitted to leave their country alone.
Saudi women are not permitted to leave their country without their husbands.
Saul had the house decorated in a minimalist but very elegant style.
Saul was the king of Israel.
Saule, give me the drum.
Saule, give the drum.
Sauron wants every hobbit to fear him.
Sausage is delicious.
Sausage with hot German mustard is the best.
Sausages are unhealthy food.
Sauté half a green pepper in 3 tablespoonfuls of butter for five or six minutes.
Savage says her idea to row across the Atlantic would embody those values.
Savages fear the appearance of a fierce wild beast.
Savate is a French martial art.
Save Islam in Norway.
Save Tom.
Save a human. Eat a cannibal.
Save a piece of cake for me.
Save a potato for me.
Save and add another.
Save and continue editing.
Save and view.
Save as much as you want.
Save as new.
Save changes?
Save dinner for me.
Save energy by abolishing the convenience stores' 24-hour-a-day trading!
Save energy by abolishing the convenience stores’ 24-hour-a-day trading!
Save energy, be positive!
Save for a rainy day.
Save for retirement starting with your first paycheck.
Save for the cold in the hall, the gig was good.
Save for the occasional use of cocaine, he had no vices, and he only turned to the drug as a protest against the monotony of existence when cases were scanty and the papers uninteresting.
Save for the occasional use of cocaine, he had no vices.
Save frequently.
Save her.
Save him.
Save it for later.
Save it on the external hard drive.
Save it till later.
Save it!
Save kitchen waste to feed the pigs!
Save me a donut.
Save me a doughnut.
Save me a piece of cake.
Save me a piece of pie.
Save me a seat, won't you?
Save me a seat.
Save me an apple fritter.
Save me some couscous.
Save me some ice cream.
Save me some of that mutton.
Save me some of that mutton. I'm starving for a bit of meat.
Save me!
Save me, Lord, from my friends, I will deal with my enemies myself!
Save me, you coward!
Save me.
Save money against the unexpected for when it's necessary.
Save money against the unexpected for when it’s necessary.
Save money for a rainy day.
Save money for the future.
Save more.
Save now!
Save our souls!
Save room for dessert.
Save some money for a rainy day.
Save some of that mutton for me.
Save the file when you're done.
Save the forgiving for later.
Save the haddock!
Save the rainforest!
Save the school, not the bank.
Save the theatrics, Tom.
Save the words!
Save them.
Save up as much as you want.
Save up so that you can go to college.
Save up something for a rainy day.
Save us.
Save water by taking shorter showers.
Save water, drink booze.
Save water, please.
Save water.
Save your ammunition.
Save your appetite for the big dinner.
Save your breath, Tom.
Save your breath.
Save your breath. It's pointless talking to him.
Save your energy for tomorrow's race.
Save your energy.
Save your energy. You're going to need it later.
Save your fake smiles for people like you.
Save your file when you're done.
Save your gasps for the show.
Save your long-winded explanations for someone else.
Save your stories for me.
Save your strength.
Save your voice.
Save your wit for someone else.
Save yourself the headache.
Save yourself!
Save yourself, Tom.
Save yourself.
Saved beyond hope and glad the land is won, / and lustral rites, with blazing altars, pay / to Jove, and make the shores of Actium gay / with Ilian games, as, like our sires, we strip / and oil our sinews for the wrestler's play. / Proud, thus escaping from the foemen's grip, / past all the Argive towns, through swarming Greeks, to slip.
Saved by the bell.
Saved from the sea, the Strophades we gain, / so called in Greece, where dwells, with Harpies, dire / Celaeno, in the vast Ionian main, / since, forced from Phineus' palace to retire, / they fled their former banquet.
Saving energy can reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Saving energy can reduce the emission of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
Saving her was my destiny.
Saving lives feels great.
Saving power is easy; just turn off the lights.
Saving the world was my dream as a child.
Savings bonds are a stable investment.
Savings start tomorrow!
Savlon is a moisturizing skin cream.
Savor the world.
Savvy?
Saw where among a hundred daughters, stood / pale Hecuba, saw Priam's life-blood stain / the fires his hands had hallowed in the fane.
Sawako wants to go to France.
Sawflies are related to ants, bees, and wasps.
Sawhorses make woodworking tasks easier.
Sawsan lost her memory.
Saxena, along with his team of Ian Lenz and Mevlana Gemici, tested the programming using a commercially available quadrotor flying machine, which is about the size of a small table and has four helicopter rotors. The first step, Saxena said, was to program the quadrotor to navigate through hallways and stairwells.
Saxophonists often double on flutes, which have similar fingerings to their primary instruments.
Say "Yes" to life.
Say "aah."
Say "ahhh!"
Say "cheese!"
Say "excuse me"!
Say "hi" to Tom for me.
Say "hi" to Tom, everyone.
Say "please" when you ask for something.
Say "sorry" when you bump into someone.
Say "welcome" to new users.
Say 'ahhh'.
Say ... I can hear screams coming from the women's bath.
Say ... I can hear screams coming from the women’s bath.
Say I am sick!
Say I am talking about you.
Say I love them!
Say I love you!
Say I own this land, or I'll break your head!
Say I'm ill.
Say Tom, what's wrong?
Say a prayer for me.
Say a prayer for them and say a prayer for their families—that God give them the strength to bear the unbearable. And that He give us all the strength to be there for them, and the strength and courage to change.
Say a simple phrase.
Say aah.
Say again what you mentioned.
Say again?
Say another word about Tom, and you are dismissed.
Say anything you want to say.
Say as much as you want.
Say cheese and look at the camera.
Say cheese.
Say frankly what, in your own eyes, is right.
Say good night, Tom.
Say good things to each other.
Say good-bye to your friends.
Say goodbye to Tom.
Say goodbye to all your credit cards.
Say goodbye to life!
Say goodbye to me!
Say goodbye to your friends.
Say goodbye to your ivy.
Say goodbye.
Say goodnight and head to bed, kiddo.
Say goodnight to Dad.
Say grace before a meal.
Say hello in Berber.
Say hello to Jimmy.
Say hello to Skura.
Say hello to Tom for me when you see him.
Say hello to Tom for me.
Say hello to Tom.
Say hello to her for me.
Say hello to her from me.
Say hello to him for me.
Say hello to my incline treadmill.
Say hello to my little friend!
Say hello to my little friend.
Say hello to the boys.
Say hello to the nice doctor.
Say hello to the spider.
Say hello to them for me.
Say hello to your aunt, please.
Say hello to your father for me.
Say hello to your friends.
Say hello to your mum for me.
Say hello to your mum for us.
Say hello to your mum from us.
Say hello to your parents for me.
Say hello to your parents from me.
Say hello to your relatives for me, Tom.
Say hello to your sister for me.
Say hello to your wife for me.
Say hello.
Say hi to Tom for me.
Say hi to Tom.
Say hi to everyone.
Say hi to him for me.
Say hi to your family!
Say hi to your father for me.
Say hi to your parents for me.
Say hi to your parents.
Say his name.
Say it again and you are fired.
Say it again in Berber.
Say it again in French.
Say it again, please.
Say it again.
Say it ain't so!
Say it ain't so.
Say it another way.
Say it anyway!
Say it anyway.
Say it clearly in a loud voice.
Say it clearly.
Say it however you want.
Say it in Berber!
Say it in Berber, please.
Say it in Berber.
Say it in English.
Say it in French.
Say it in German.
Say it in Greek!
Say it in Hungarian!
Say it in Italian.
Say it in Magyar!
Say it in Russian!
Say it in Slovak.
Say it in another way.
Say it in plain terms.
Say it in the least amount of words?
Say it in your own words.
Say it isn't so.
Say it isn't true, Tom.
Say it isn't true.
Say it like you mean it.
Say it loud and clear!
Say it loudly.
Say it once again, please.
Say it one more time.
Say it over a few more times.
Say it this way.
Say it to his face, not behind his back.
Say it to me.
Say it to my face.
Say it to your sister!
Say it where you can.
Say it while you still can.
Say it with me.
Say it!
Say it's not so!
Say it's not so.
Say it's not true.
Say it, I will say it.
Say it, don't spray it.
Say it.
Say it. Say it!
Say my name.
Say nice things about a person's children.
Say nice things about a person’s children.
Say night-night to Dad.
Say no more!
Say no more, Miroslav.
Say no more, Ziri.
Say no more.
Say no to drugs.
Say no to hatred and violence.
Say no to racism.
Say no to the burqa!
Say nothing about that!
Say nothing but good things about the dead.
Say nothing except the truth.
Say nothing to Tom.
Say nothing to anyone!
Say nothing to him about the horse.
Say nothing to no one about anything.
Say nothing.
Say only what you mean.
Say please.
Say some sensible words. If no one is nearby to hear them, say them to yourself.
Say something about this.
Say something else.
Say something even if you don't know the right answer.
Say something funny.
Say something in Arabic.
Say something in Berber.
Say something in French.
Say something nice in Berber.
Say something nice.
Say something original.
Say something pretty in Berber.
Say something sweet in Berber.
Say something to Tom.
Say something to your mother.
Say something!
Say something, Ziri.
Say something, man.
Say something, then!
Say something.
Say something. Your sudden silence troubles me.
Say that again if you are a man!
Say that again!
Say that again, please.
Say that again.
Say that again?
Say that in Arabic so that I can understand.
Say that in French.
Say that in Greek.
Say that louder so that the girls over there can hear.
Say that slowly again.
Say that work is 8 hours, it feels like the three hour commute time is also work but you don't get any money for it. What a waste.
Say that work is 8 hours, it feels like the three hour commute time is also work but you don’t get any money for it. What a waste.
Say that you love me.
Say that you were wrong.
Say that's not true.
Say the alphabet backwards.
Say the first thing that comes to mind.
Say the name of a person.
Say the names of the days of the week.
Say the shahada.
Say the truth and run away.
Say the word any time.
Say this in English.
Say this in Hungarian!
Say this in Magyar!
Say this three times, with your eyes shut and you will see what you will see.
Say this with a little smile.
Say this.
Say what are you crazy? Look what you're doing!
Say what is in your heart.
Say what is true.
Say what you do and do what you say.
Say what you have to say and let's get this over with quickly.
Say what you have to say plainly.
Say what you have to say.
Say what you like about Tom and Mary. When it comes to history and science, accuracy of content is the top priority.
Say what you like about the modern stand-up scene, it's anything but ageist.
Say what you like. I'll do what I want.
Say what you love.
Say what you mean, mean what you say.
Say what you mean.
Say what you really mean.
Say what you think!
Say what you think.
Say what you want about Tom. Everyone's doing it.
Say what you want about orchiectomies: they take balls.
Say what you want in clear words, dear colleague.
Say what you want to say.
Say what you want – I'm not giving up.
Say what you want, he won't change his mind.
Say what you want, it won't change his mind.
Say what you want.
Say what you want. I know the truth.
Say what you will about fast food, but Taco Bell's new chicken quesadilla is pretty darn good.
Say what you will, I think he is an honest person.
Say what you will, I think he is honest.
Say what you will, I will act on my own judgement.
Say what you will, he won't accept your invitation.
Say what you will, he won’t accept your invitation.
Say what you will; I won't change my mind.
Say what you will; I won’t change my mind.
Say what you would like, Tom, and stop beating around the bush.
Say what you're thinking.
Say what your soul sings to you.
Say what's in your heart.
Say what's on your mind.
Say what?
Say whatever you want to.
Say whatever you want.
Say when.
Say which of the following groups of phonemes contains one which is not an English phoneme.
Say which one you would like.
Say which you would like.
Say yes.
Say you aren't kidding.
Say you love me.
Say you understand me.
Say you were wrong.
Say you're sorry.
Say your prayers before you eat.
Say your prayers now and get into bed.
Say your prayers.
Say your words.
Say ’ahhh’.
Say, "thirty three."
Say, Conductor! What's the next town?
Say, Conductor! What’s the next town?
Say, I seek refuge in the Lord of mankind.
Say, Mike. Tell me how to get to your house.
Say, at the moment I'm considering acquiring a used bike of 150 or 250 cc for more or less a hundred thousand Japanese yen.
Say, big toe guy, where are you heading with your ancestor's old sandals?
Say, dad, don't you find it a bit ridiculous if an old man flirts with a young woman?
Say, do you sell hangers here?
Say, he is no more than a kid.
Say, therefore, I pray thee, that thou art my sister, that I may be well used for thee, and that my soul may live for thy sake.
Say, what's the matter with you, anyhow, Tom?
Say, you who point your finger at the moon, are you really serious?
Say, you who point your finger at the moon, do you think it serious?
Say: the truth from the Lord of you all. Then whosoever will, let him believe, and whosoever will, let him disbelieve.
Saying "Add your own version" is a popular way of mildly telling your opponent off on Tatoeba.
Saying "I love you" in Kabyle is not as easy as in French and English since the expression "ḥemmleɣ-kem", strangely resembling the Polish formula "Kocham Cię" is not so fluid, phonetically speaking. In Russian, it is even more laborious as it is said "Ya tibya lyublyu" (Я тебя люблю)". Finally, the main thing is to claim it with sincerity.
Saying "I'm not a racist, but..." in an introductory manner can sometimes be passed off as racist.
Saying "it's just a joke" is an excuse.
Saying and doing are two different things.
Saying and doing are two things.
Saying goodbye is never easy.
Saying hurtful things about others is wrong.
Saying is easier than doing.
Saying is one thing and doing another.
Saying is one thing, and doing is quite another.
Saying is quite different from doing.
Saying it is not enough.
Saying it isn't enough.
Saying it with a smile, doesn't make it any less rude.
Saying no to unequal language rights isn't the same thing as paranoia.
Saying no to unequal language rights isn’t the same thing as paranoia.
Saying she was wrong was a difficult climbdown for Alex.
Saying someone is ugly doesn’t make you any prettier.
Saying something like that is not going to go over very well.
Saying that Esperanto is easy to learn is a very serious mistake. I say it's harder than any other language.
Saying that Ziri's dog is huge is an understatement.
Saying that an athlete is (or was) the Pelé of his sport -- for example, that Michael Jordan was the Pelé of basketball -- means elevating him to the category of the greatest legend of all time in that sport.
Saying that place was sterile would be a bit of an overstatement.
Saying that the World Cup sparked interest in soccer in America might be an understatement.
Saying that you would rather learn Spanish than Esperanto is like saying you would rather run a marathon than go for a Sunday walk; of course you end up doing neither.
Saying that, Ziri just pushed Rima aside and stormed off to his room.
Saying the world must “overcome the existential crisis of our time,” U.S. President Joe Biden announced a new goal of cutting U.S. greenhouse gas pollution by 50-52% by 2030 as he kicked off a virtual global summit on climate change with dozens of other world leaders.
Saying they could not support both a wife and an airplane, the two brothers therefore spent their lives as bachelors.
Saying this, he sends Mercury, Maia’s son, down from heaven, so that the country and strongholds of this new Carthage would open to the Trojans, as guests, and Dido, unaware of fate, would not keep them from her territory.
Saying what you think frankly is not a bad thing.
Saying which, I did the opposite.
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
Saying you can’t do the job because you’re too busy is just a cop out.
Saying you told me and telling me are two different things.
Sayonara!
Says the legend that there are diamonds in the region.
Says who?
Sayt 15 simvoldan uzun olmamalıdır.
Sazae is always forgetting her own phone number.
Scabies is caused by a mite.
Scads of online daters constantly check their desirability.
Scaffolding had to be erected around the old church tower to prevent it from toppling over.
Scald the milk, separate the eggs, and add the egg yolks mixed with the sugar.
Scald, peal, and core nice firm tomatoes, season with salt and pepper, and in each tomato, lay a small piece of butter.
Scalene triangles are ugly.
Scales measure weight.
Scallops are on sale today.
Scalp wounds bleed a lot.
Scalpel blades are extremely sharp.
Scalpers outside the stadium were offering tickets at a hefty markup.
Scan the QR code.
Scan the area for me to see if there are any snakes.
Scandal could expose the lie.
Scandalous!
Scandinavian popular songs are similar to those from Kabylia.
Scant difference.
Scant, low, scraggy cedars gave place to more numerous, darker, greener, bushier ones, and these to high, full-foliaged, green-berried trees.
Scapoli in Molise, Italy is known as the town of bagpipes.
Scapoli in Molise, Italy is known for its zampogne (bagpipes).
Scarabs are insects.
Scarce are the people learning Interlingua.
Scarce had he said, when straight the ambient cloud / broke open, melting into day's clear light.
Scarce now the summer had begun, when straight / my father, old Anchises, gave command / to spread our canvas and to trust to Fate. / Weeping, I leave my native port, the land, / the fields where once the Trojan towers did stand, / and, homeless, launch upon the boundless brine, / heart-broken outcast, with an exiled band, / comrades, and son, and household gods divine, / and the great Gods of Troy, the guardians of our line.
Scarce out of sight of Sicily, they set / their sails to sea, and merrily ploughed the main, / with brazen beaks, when Juno, harbouring yet / within her breast the ever-ranking pain, / mused thus: "Must I then from the work refrain, / nor keep this Trojan from the Latin throne, / baffled, forsooth, because the Fates constrain?"
Scarce spake I, suddenly the bays divine / shook, and a trembling seized the temple door. / The mountain heaves, and from the opening shrine / loud moans the tripod. Prostrate on the floor / we her a voice:
Scarce spake the sire when lo, to leftward crashed / a peal of thunder, and amid the night / a sky-dropt star athwart the darkness flashed, / trailing its torchfire with a stream of light.
Scarce stand the vessels hauled upon the beach, / and bent on marriages the young men vie / to till new settlements, while I to each / due law dispense and dwelling place supply, / when from a tainted quarter of the sky / rank vapours, gathering, on my comrades seize, / and a foul pestilence creeps down from high / on mortal limbs and standing crops and trees, / a season black with death, and pregnant with disease.
Scarce the first stem uprooted, from the wood / black drops distilled, and stained the earth with gore.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don’t I think of you with love.
Scarcely any item in Germany so epitomizes the coronavirus crisis as toilet paper. One of Tom’s paintings even lovingly depicts the coveted “white gold.”
Scarcely anyone is capable of learning another natural language as well as his own mother tongue.
Scarcely had I bought the book when I regretted it.
Scarcely had I bought the book when I was sorry.
Scarcely had I gone out, when it started to rain.
Scarcely had I gone to bed when the telephone rang.
Scarcely had I heard the news when I felt inclined to cry.
Scarcely had I reached home before the telephone rang.
Scarcely had I reached the airport before I realized I had forgotten my ticket.
Scarcely had I started out when it began to rain.
Scarcely had Jack seen her, he burst out crying.
Scarcely had her mother left when Mary took control of the house and tirelessly harassed her little brother Tom.
Scarcely had she put on her makeup before he arrived.
Scarcely had the dog seen me before in ran away.
Scarcely had the dog seen me before it ran away.
Scarcely had the dog seen me when it ran away.
Scarcely had the market opened when the fire broke out.
Scarcely had the rain stopped before a rainbow appeared.
Scarcely had they closed their eyes than the terrifying cry of a panther rang out from the jungle behind them.
Scarcely had we started out before the sky became overcast and down came the rain again.
Scarcely more than half the stature of their predecessors, these beings were proportionally slight and lithe. Their skin was of a sunny brown, covered with a luminous halo of red-gold hairs, which on the head became a russet mop. Their golden eyes, reminiscent of the snake, were more enigmatic than profound. Their faces were compact as a cat's muzzle, their lips full, but subtle at the corners. Their ears, objects of personal pride and of sexual admiration, were extremely variable both in individuals and races. These surprising organs, which would have seemed merely ludicrous to the First Men, were expressive both of temperament and passing mood. They were immense, delicately involuted, of a silken texture, and very mobile. They gave an almost bat-like character to the otherwise somewhat feline heads. But the most distinctive feature of the Third Men was their great lean hands, on which were six versatile fingers, six antennae of living steel.
Scarcely out of sight of the land of Sicily, they joyfully set sail on the deep, rushing into the salt spray with their bronze-capped prows, when Juno, cherishing her eternal wound in her breast, said to herself: "Am I vanquished, to give up on my plan, and unable to turn away the king of the Teucrians from Italy? Surely I am forbidden by the Fates."
Scarcity breeds violence.
Scarlet is a beautiful color, but I like fuchsia.
Scarlett has a winning hand.
Scarlett watched a thrilling movie.
Scarper!
Scars are no big deal, Doctor. I haven't been pretty for a very long time.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
Scary, isn't it?
Scary, wasn't it?
Scatter a little flour on the work surface.
Scatter!
Scatter, you chickens!
Scattered clouds mean heavy rain.
Scavenging for parts in the junkyard, Max discovers a rusty old robot which he cleans up and then convinces his dad to give it a chance.
Scavenging is both a carnivorous and herbivorous feeding behavior in which the scavenger feeds on dead and decaying organic matter present in its habitat.
Scented soaps tended to make her skin itch.
Scents, colors, and sounds respond to one another.
Schadenfreude is evil.
Schadenfreude is karmic suicide.
Schalke are playing Inter Milan tonight.
Schanna is eating a raspberry.
Schechter added that until recently, there were just six U.S. surgeons who were certified to do both male-to-female and female-to-male genital surgery.
Schedules are difficult to coordinate.
Scheherazade is an Iranian citizen.
Schema therapy did wonders for Tom.
Schemes have been discussed.
Schistosomiasis is a tropical disease that affects millions of people and may lead to severe disabilities or even death.
Schizoaffective disorder is similar to bipolar disorder.
Schnapps is made from fruit must.
Schnitzel, chips and beer please.
Scholarly as he is, he can't be relied on.
Scholarly as he is, he can’t be relied on.
Scholars believe that Judaism evolved out of Canaanite paganism.
Scholars now reject this theory.
Scholars say historic records of Zarathustra's life may have been destroyed during two major invasions of Persia: one by Alexander the Great in the 4th century B.C. and the other by Islamic tribes in the 7th century A.D.
Scholarship must always be exact whether it is interesting or not.
Scholarships are awarded to undeserving people and good students are denied.
School begins at 8.10 a.m.
School begins at 8.10 am.
School begins at 8:10 a.m.
School begins at 8:30 a.m.
School begins at 9.
School begins at eight-thirty.
School begins at half past eight except on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
School begins at half past eight in the morning.
School begins at half past eight.
School begins at nine and is over at six.
School begins at nine.
School begins at ten past eight.
School begins in April.
School begins in spring.
School begins in the spring.
School begins on April 5th.
School begins on April 8.
School begins on April the tenth.
School begins on the April 8th.
School begins on the eighth of April.
School begins on the tenth of April.
School begins the day after tomorrow.
School begins tomorrow.
School being over, there were only a few pupils in the playground.
School being over, there were only a small number of pupils in the playground.
School being over, we went home.
School being over, we went swimming in the pool.
School bores me.
School break isn't for lazy people.
School breaks up in June.
School busing and taking a proactive stance against discrimination were hotly debated topics.
School children have colds twice as often as adult.
School children have colds twice as often as adults.
School closures caused by the coronavirus pandemic mean many parents are trying to come up with ways to educate and entertain their children at home.
School closures due to inclement weather will necessitate extending the school year by three days.
School closures present new challenges for families who rely on the schools’ free meals and who don’t have the technology needed for their children to study at home.
School clubs need to clearly outline the community service projects they plan to do for the upcoming school year.
School did not interest me.
School did not play any role in their lives.
School didn't make Mennad happy.
School discipline is not as it should be.
School doesn't end today. We have one more week.
School doesn't have everything.
School ended.
School ends at 3.30.
School ends at half three.
School finishes at 3.30 p.m.
School finishes at 3.30.
School finishes at half past three.
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.
School has already started for them.
School has closed for the Christmas holidays.
School has started and I like it so far.
School is a challenge already?
School is a five-minute walk away.
School is a joke.
School is a waste of time.
School is boring.
School is closed for summer vacation.
School is compulsory for girls in Algeria.
School is compulsory in Algeria.
School is fantastic!
School is finally over.
School is for learning!
School is important, work very hard.
School is not a waste of time.
School is out.
School is over at 3:30.
School is over now.
School is over.
School is over... for now.
School is really loud.
School is starting up again.
School is tomorrow.
School is what's most important to me right now.
School is where we spend most of our time every day.
School is where you can develop critical thinking skills.
School is where you can develop your creativity.
School is where you can develop your social skills.
School is where you can discover your interests.
School is where you can learn about different cultures and perspectives.
School is where you can learn about the history of your country.
School is where you can learn how to manage your time effectively.
School is where you can learn how to work collaboratively.
School is where you can learn how to write effectively.
School is where you can learn important life skills.
School is where you can learn new things.
School is where you can make new friends.
School isn't a waste of time.
School isn't for me.
School isn't going to be as much fun without Tom.
School keeps me pretty busy.
School lets out at half-past three.
School lunches are disgusting!
School makes me feel weak and demoralized.
School played absolutely no role in their lives.
School reopened.
School reopens in September.
School should've ended a long time ago.
School started last week.
School starts 8 April.
School starts April 8th.
School starts Monday.
School starts again soon.
School starts at 8 a.m.
School starts at 8.10 a.m.
School starts at 8.30 a.m.
School starts at 8.30 am.
School starts at 8.40.
School starts at 8:30.
School starts at 8:40.
School starts at eight in the morning.
School starts at eight thirty.
School starts at eight-thirty.
School starts at half eight.
School starts at nine.
School starts at ten past eight.
School starts in April.
School starts in September in Europe.
School starts in spring.
School starts next Monday.
School starts next week.
School starts on 10 April.
School starts on the 10th April.
School starts on the 8th April.
School sucks!
School sucks.
School systems have to cope with changing numbers of pupils.
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
School violence is a big problem.
School was a mixed bag.
School was canceled because of snow.
School was canceled because of the storm.
School was canceled for a school day.
School was cancelled because of the snow.
School was closed for the day due to the snow.
School was easy for me.
School was exciting.
School was fun today.
School was fun.
School was my life.
School was not easy.
School was not essential in their lives.
School was the exact opposite of a democratic institution.
School was very hard for me.
School will break for the summer.
School will break up soon for the summer holidays.
School will open on Monday.
School will soon be over for summer vacation.
School will soon break up for the summer holidays.
School will soon break up for the summer vacation.
School will start next Monday.
School years come and go in an instant.
School's been shut for months.
School's not fun.
School's out for summer.
School's out.
Schoolboy, you've received all the prompts you need. The correct answer is, naturally, a cook!
Schoolboys usually look up to great athletes.
Schoolchildren in Czechia don't have to wear a school uniform.
Schoolchildren in New Zealand regularly undertake earthquake drills.
Schoolchildren walked out of their classrooms to pick up litter and plant trees.
Schoolgirl outfits were plentiful at the anime fan convention.
Schooling is a process that teaches a vast mass of people to read but isn't able to teach them to decide what is worth reading.
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.
Schools and universities are closed.
Schools are closed for Christmas.
Schools are closed in Algeria.
Schools are closed.
Schools are expected to meet the needs of every child, regardless of ability.
Schools are expected to reopen in September.
Schools are schools the world over, and the agonies of the three R's are common to children in whatever tongue they learn.
Schools can do their best to impart tolerance and acceptance, but even they have no control over what kids grow up to believe.
Schools don't prepare children for life.
Schools don't teach the right things.
Schools have been urged to increase physical education, an important tool for public health. And many have. Yet now comes a study showing an increase in the number of injuries in "phys ed" class. Injuries increased one hundred fifty percent between nineteen ninety-seven and two thousand seven.
Schools have no right to impose cis ideology on children.
Schools have tried to limit their use by not allowing them to be used in math classes, although they allow them in science lessons to save time.
Schools informing parents that their child is transgender means making their child vulnerable to transphobic abuse.
Schools must pay more attention to language learning and to literature.
Schools often have a lot of rules.
Schools reopen in September after the summer holidays.
Schools should adapt to students, not the other way around.
Schools should encourage physical education and get students to be more active in competitive and non-competitive sports.
Schools teach students a basic method for learning things more effectively.
Schools that allow legacy admissions say they raise more money if they give children of alumni special consideration.
Schools were built.
Schools were started to help young people prepare for living in the world.
Schools will be closed Monday.
Schools will be closed on Monday.
Schools will be closed today because of the snow.
Schools will be closed today due to the weather.
Schools will be closed today.
Schoolteachers must have a lot of patience with the children.
Schoolwork, cultural work and academic work should all be promoted together.
Schopenhauer defined architecture as "frozen music."
Schopenhauer once said: "Health isn't everything, but without health, everything is nothing."
Schopenhauer regarded madness as the possibility of enduring pain, as a form of escape from a tragic event.
Schopenhauer was a ferocious pessimist.
Schopenhauer’s saying— “A man can surely do what he wills to do, but he cannot determine what he wills”—impressed itself upon me in youth and has always consoled me when I have witnessed or suffered life’s hardships.
Schrodinger's cat is neither alive nor dead.
Schrodinger's equation describes the time evolution of quantum mechanics.
Schubert was little known in his lifetime.
Schubert's full name was Franz Peter Schubert.
Schucks, she noticed.
Schumann married his music teacher's daughter Clara, who was a pianist and music prodigy.
Schumann was admitted to a mental asylum at his own request.
Schumann was diagnosed with psychotic melancholia.
Schwartz, of Vanderbilt, and Barry, of Tulane, said that leaders must be optimistic and provide hope. But more importantly, they must be transparent, both to prevent unfounded information from spreading and to create the credibility that will encourage people to follow guidelines instead of being skeptical of their government.
Schwartzberg is known for his dazzling time-lapse nature photography.
Schwarzenegger won the Mr. Olympia title seven times.
Schweet! We can drink all these beers I found.
Schweitzer is a man to imitate.
Schweitzer was a musician as well as a doctor.
Sci-fi has a large audience worldwide and involves billions of dollars.
Sci-fi has a very large following.
Sci-fi readers are adept at hypothetical scenarios.
Sciatica immobilized me.
Sciatica made me unable to move.
Science and art belong to the whole world, and before them vanish the barriers of nationality.
Science and art must contribute to the promotion of human welfare.
Science and ideology don't go together.
Science and mathematics transcend borders.
Science and religion are the two levers of human intelligence.
Science and science fiction intersected recently when 1,000 people took part in a brain experiment while watching a movie about what happens when the human brain is connected to a computer.
Science and technology have come to pervade every aspect of our lives and, as a result, society is changing at a speed which is quite unprecedented.
Science as such is not interested in the value or worth of things.
Science begins when you ask why and how.
Science brought about many changes in our lives.
Science builds our lifestyle.
Science builds planes and skyscrapers, but faith brings them together.
Science can be applied to a wide range of fields.
Science can be dangerous when applied carelessly.
Science can be used for good or evil purposes.
Science can help us address social issues.
Science can help us better understand the world around us.
Science can help us develop new energy sources.
Science can help us develop new materials with unique properties.
Science can help us develop new medical treatments.
Science can help us develop new methods for cleaning up environmental pollution.
Science can help us develop new methods for detecting and preventing cyberattacks.
Science can help us develop new methods for preventing and treating disease.
Science can help us develop new methods for purifying water.
Science can help us develop new methods for recycling waste.
Science can help us develop new methods for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Science can help us develop new technologies for sustainable agriculture.
Science can help us develop sustainable technologies.
Science can help us find solutions to complex problems.
Science can help us understand the behavior of materials at the atomic level.
Science can help us understand the complexity of the human brain.
Science can help us understand the dynamics of complex systems.
Science can help us understand the impact of human activity on the oceans.
Science can help us understand the impact of technology on society.
Science can help us understand the origins of life on Earth.
Science can help us understand the origins of the universe.
Science can't explain this.
Science can't solve all of life's problems.
Science continues to explore the complexities of animal relationships.
Science does not solve all of life's problems.
Science does not solve all the problems of life.
Science doesn't have all the answers.
Science doesn't have an answer to everything.
Science doesn't know everything.
Science doesn't purvey absolute truth. Science is a mechanism. It's a way of trying to improve your knowledge of nature. It's a system for testing your thoughts against the universe and seeing whether they match. And this works, not just for the ordinary aspects of science, but for all of life.
Science evolves too quickly today.
Science experiments thrill my inquisitive mind.
Science explains many things that religion never could explain.
Science fact, you might know, is different from science fiction.
Science fiction has undoubtedly been the inspiration for many of the technologies that exist today.
Science fiction is a highly imaginative genre.
Science fiction is a multibillion-dollar industry worldwide. Many young people are exposed to it, if not most of them.
Science fiction is about hypothetical scenarios about which fans become adept. "Lying" is a different concept from this storytelling paradigm.
Science fiction is like video games for some people.
Science fiction often imagines our future on Mars and other planets as run by machines, with metallic cities and flying cars rising above dunes of red sand.
Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings.
Science gifted soil, water and air.
Science has always interested me.
Science has brought about many changes in our lives.
Science has brought about many changes to our lives.
Science has changed my life.
Science has changed our life.
Science has discovered that the genetic code is binary, that is, its nature is similar to that of the code used by computers.
Science has discovered that there are five types of human beings.
Science has disproven many cultural assumptions.
Science has given us more lives than it has taken; we must remember that.
Science has made a great deal of progress.
Science has made it possible to harvest energy from the wind, sun and water. All these renewable resources are used today to power an energy-hungry world. But imagine harvesting energy from crowds of people moving to and from work every day. That is one of the possibilities of piezoelectricity, the science of gaining power from motion.
Science has made rapid advances in that country.
Science has made rapid progress in this century.
Science has made remarkable progress.
Science has many branches.
Science has no enemy but the ignorant.
Science has not solved all the problems of life.
Science has the potential to transform our understanding of the universe.
Science has the power to change the world.
Science has the power to inform public policy.
Science helps us understand the natural world.
Science involves constant questioning and reevaluation.
Science is Benedito's passion and his life's work.
Science is a conspiracy manufactured by the space laser people to manipulate us.
Science is a constantly evolving field.
Science is a good thing, but it is not an end in itself; it is a means toward an end and that end is human betterment.
Science is a way of trying not to fool yourself. The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
Science is based on careful observation.
Science is based on very careful observations.
Science is continuously evolving.
Science is cool.
Science is counterintuitive.
Science is critical for understanding and addressing climate change.
Science is essential for innovation and progress.
Science is far more than a collection of facts and methods.
Science is fun.
Science is good at explaining the "how," but not so good at explaining the "why."
Science is her religion.
Science is his religion.
Science is important for our lives.
Science is in the service not of life, but of death — such is the extreme degree of degradation of science in modern bourgeois society.
Science is incapable of explaining everything.
Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that’s not the reason we are doing it.
Science is magic that works.
Science is not a gut feeling.
Science is not a religion.
Science is not boring. It's cool.
Science is not fantasy.
Science is not perfect.
Science is only one half. The other half is believing.
Science is real.
Science is simply the culmination of our best educated guesses, and changes as we learn more about the world around us.
Science is still not capable of solving all of life's problems.
Science is still not capable of solving all of life’s problems.
Science is the art of questioning the world and listening to its answers.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
Science is the body of knowledge generated by Scientific Method.
Science is the most logical conclusion based on what we can detect with our senses. And our senses are limited.
Science is the way to prepare for the 21st century.
Science is their religion.
Science is too hard.
Science is true even if we don't believe it.
Science is trying to identify the strange animal.
Science is unable to explain certain phenomena.
Science is very exciting.
Science is very good in its own way, but we observe a wide-spread and lamentable ignorance concerning all that pertains to the romantic side of our earth’s history.
Science isn't infallible.
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world.
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.
Science no longer intimidates many younger women.
Science often contradicts common sense.
Science produced the atomic bomb.
Science provides valuable insights but doesn't cover all aspects of human experience.
Science requires a commitment to objectivity and impartiality.
Science requires careful observation and analysis.
Science requires collaboration and communication.
Science requires critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Science requires ethical considerations and responsible conduct.
Science rests upon observation.
Science says that blondes are smarter.
Science will not solve all of our problems.
Science without conscience is only the ruin of the soul.
Science without faith is lame, faith without science is blind.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Science would later disabuse us of the notion that the moon is made of green cheese — or is even green — but scientists aren't poets and perhaps that's why there doesn't seem to be the same enthusiasm for space exploration that there once was. A recent survey by the Pew Research Center found that, when asked to name the greatest U.S. accomplishment of the past 50 years, just 12 percent of Americans named sending men to the moon, down a third from 10 years ago.
Science, accumulated and reviewed over decades, tells us that our planet is changing in ways that will have profound impacts on all of humankind.
Science, my lad, is made out of errors, but of good ones, for they bring step by step closer to the truth.
Science, my lad, is made out of errors, but of good ones, for they bring you step by step closer to the truth.
Science-Fiction can be abbreviated as sci-fi.
Science-minded people generally don't believe in God. Why is that?
Scientific analyses disproved the rumors, but the damage was done.
Scientific collections are assemblies of physical objects that are valuable for research and education — including drilling cores from the ocean floor and glaciers, seeds, space rocks, cells, mineral samples, fossils, and more.
Scientific disciplines allow revision.
Scientific discoveries arise through discourse.
Scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place.
Scientific discoveries don’t always make the world a better place.
Scientific evidence now clearly indicates that the Earth's atmosphere and ocean are warming, and that these changes are primarily due to greenhouse gases derived from human activities.
Scientific journals are abuzz with news of a major development in nanotechnology at the University of Texas at Dallas.
Scientific knowledge has greatly advanced since the 16th century.
Scientific progress is totally neglected in this country.
Scientific progress should not be hampered.
Scientific research changes the world.
Scientific research is not a mechanical routine, but a continuing struggle on the part of the scientist.
Scientific research often requires difficult compromises.
Scientific research suggests the red giant will continue to expand and grow larger until it engulfs Mercury, Venus and some scientists speculate possibly Earth will be consumed by the Sun.
Scientific studies have shown that this is not the case.
Scientific truth is a creation of the human mind.
Scientific work would become almost impossible.
Scientifically speaking, you're right.
Scientifically, evolution could produce a spectrum of intelligence and capability across the cosmos. Imagine humans as "lower beings" compared to a species that’s had a billion more years to evolve—maybe they’re energy-based lifeforms or collective consciousnesses. Then, above them, there could be even more advanced entities, approaching what we’d call godlike but still not ultimate. Whether this tops out at a single transcendent God or remains an open-ended ladder is a matter of speculation.
Scientifically, it is very difficult to come up with truly new innovative antibiotics.
Scientifically, women don't have penises and you can't force everyone to share your perception of reality.
Scientifically, women don't have penises and you can't force everyone to share your perceptions.
Scientifically, women don't have penises and you can't stop everyone from saying this.
Scientifically, women don't have penises.
Scientist's pleas to introduce fish quotas were ignored for too long.
Scientists across the globe are scrambling to develop a vaccine that can beat back the COVID-19 virus, hoping to whittle a process that typically takes years down to months.
Scientists across the world marched for science yesterday.
Scientists and engineers can now physically work with materials at the atomic level to create stain-proof fabrics, scratch-resistent paints and longer-lasting tennis balls.
Scientists and environmentalists are urging an international moratorium on deep-sea mining after releasing a report indicating its impact on the Pacific Ocean and island states would be severe, extensive and last for generations.
Scientists and environmentalists are urging an international moratorium on deep-sea mining.
Scientists and the new media are presenting even more evidence of climate change.
Scientists are beginning to assess the toll on wildlife, particularly endangered koala populations.
Scientists are calling on UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) to declare a unique coral reef system off the Egyptian coast a Marine World Heritage Site.
Scientists are constantly searching for signs of life beyond Earth.
Scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs.
Scientists are describing a new normal: We will have to implement social distancing measures for months, even a year or more, to limit deaths and disruption to society caused by the coronavirus.
Scientists are divided on whether or not aliens exist.
Scientists are eager to examine the sample from Bennu because it’s thought to be a relatively unchanged rocky remnant from the early days of the solar system.
Scientists are eager to examine the sample from Bennu.
Scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the AIDS virus.
Scientists are helping to combat the world hunger crisis by breeding nutrient-packed crops that will fill stomachs and lessen the effects of malnutrition.
Scientists are interested in Bennu because they believe it contains material from the early solar system and may contain the molecular precursors to life and Earth’s oceans.
Scientists are keeping a close watch on conditions in the Arctic.
Scientists are knowledge seekers. They are inquisitive, seeking answers to known questions and finding many more questions.
Scientists are known for inventing, but the average scientist usually adds to their field by innovating new ways of doing things or improving a product.
Scientists are now examining what Tom discovered.
Scientists are now using a genetic approach to estimate the ages of corals. The method determines when a coral egg and sperm originally met to form the genome of a coral colony. The researchers then track the number of mutations that have accumulated in the genome since that time. Because mutations tend to arise at a relatively constant rate, researchers can estimate the approximate age of the coral genomes in their study.
Scientists are putting an herbal remedy from Madagascar, purported to cure COVID-19, to the test.
Scientists are sending out spacecraft and pointing telescopes to learn more about the solar system.
Scientists are slowly piecing together the mechanism of aging.
Scientists are split up into two schools.
Scientists are still learning how the coronavirus affects the body and why it's so lethal.
Scientists are still making new discoveries in our solar system.
Scientists are studying how climate change affects global precipitation patterns.
Scientists are studying the new bacteria.
Scientists are trying to find out the true nature of these exoplanets.
Scientists are unsure why centrosomes are found in animal cells, since plant cells can divide properly without them.
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.
Scientists are working to develop tests to identify people with antibodies to the virus in their blood.
Scientists around the world are racing to unlock the secrets of the COVID-19 virus in search of a vaccine.
Scientists at Japan’s space agency on Tuesday confirmed the capsule they recovered last week from their Hayabusa2 probe that had landed on an asteroid did indeed contain samples collected from that heavenly body.
Scientists at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the California mission control center for this NASA project, say Juno will pierce the dense clouds of the gas-covered giant and offer insights into its origin and nature of both the planet and our solar system.
Scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California report that changes in precipitation over the world's land and oceans cannot be explained by natural variability alone and are directly affected by human activities.
Scientists at Swansea University are investigating the possibility that maggot secretions may have some potent bug-fighting abilities.
Scientists at Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine are working on 3D bio printed human organs.
Scientists at a Russian university have announced the discovery of a remarkably well-preserved ice age cave bear, with much of its soft tissue including its nose, flesh and teeth intact.
Scientists at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, after analyzing data from NASA's Kepler space telescope, calculated that six percent of the galaxy's 75 billion red dwarf stars have potentially habitable, Earth-sized planets. Red dwarfs — which are smaller, cooler and much dimmer than our own Sun — are the most common stars in the galaxy, so the closest Earth-like planet could be just 13 light years away, the astronomers conclude in their new study.
Scientists at the LIGO and VIRGO observatories detected and confirmed the first gravitational waves produced by the collision and merger of a black hole with a neutron star, not once but twice within 10 days of each other. Previously confirmed gravitational wave detections were the results of either the collisions of a black hole and another black hole or a neutron star with a neutron star, not one of each.
Scientists at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory have invented an ultrasonic dryer that can dry clothes without heating them.
Scientists at the U.S. space agency, NASA, say they’ve been able to observe, for the first time from lunar orbit, a “bulge” in the moon caused by the “gravitational tug-of-war with Earth.”
Scientists at the University of California, Davis, compared the competing species to two old men in a very slow race up a mountainside. This race between such slow-growing trees takes thousands of years.
Scientists at the University of Colorado in Boulder and Dalhousie University in Halifax, Canada, used satellites owned by the U.S. space agency NASA, along with supercomputers that modeled cookstove pollution country by country.
Scientists at the University of Michigan say they may have found the solution to one of the most hated winter-time chores — scraping ice from car windshields.
Scientists at the University of Pittsburgh are testing several varieties of bamboo with mechanical properties that approach and even surpass those of softwood lumber.
Scientists at the University of Warwick in England, led by chemist David Haddleton, developed the five-centimeter square bandage that contains a special polymer adhesive infused with the painkiller.
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, and the Erasmus University Medical Center in the Netherlands engineered a more virulent strain of the H5N1 bird flu to try to understand how mutations could make it more infectious to both animal and human populations — a change that could lead to a global pandemic.
Scientists at the research center have hailed the find as ground-breaking.
Scientists began to find answers to these questions.
Scientists believe a poor soldering job on one of the particle collider's 10,000 connections caused the fault. CERN spokesman, James Gilies, tells VOA it is unlikely that the machine will be up and running until spring or summer.
Scientists believe magnetic fields can protect a planet, fending off the atmosphere-stripping blasts of the solar wind.
Scientists believe that Ceres has a rocky core and an icy mantle.
Scientists believe that about 13.7 billion years ago, a powerful explosion called the Big Bang happened. This powerful explosion set the universe into motion and this motion continues today.
Scientists believe that an effective vaccine that protects against infection or serious illness from SARS-Cov-2 is realistic.
Scientists believe that asteroids are the leftover building blocks of our solar system planets.
Scientists believe that comets are made up of material left over from when the Sun and the planets were formed.
Scientists believe that life on Earth started more than four billion years ago.
Scientists believe that salmon may be sensitive to the Earth's magnetic field.
Scientists believe that the particles in Saturn's rings came from the destruction of moons circling the planet. As comets and meteorites smashed the moons, Saturn's gravitational pull shaped the particles into rings.
Scientists believe that there were equal amounts of matter and antimatter in the early universe.
Scientists believe the solar system formed around 4.6 billion years ago.
Scientists believe water on Mars would be briny because past landers and rovers, as well as Martian meteorites, have shown that the planet's surface is salty.
Scientists call the bacteria-derived compounds postbiotics. They are not like probiotics, which are whole, live bacteria people take to change the microbial environment of the gut to ward off disease and improve digestion.
Scientists called the use of dexamethasone, normally used to reduce inflammation in patients with arthritis and other diseases, a "major breakthrough" in the treatment of patients infected by the coronavirus who have been hospitalized and need the use of a ventilator or supplemental oxygen.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
Scientists challenge existing ideas.
Scientists claim that people who laugh more have a longer life than those that have been hit by a truck.
Scientists conducted a series of tests to see how horseflies, also known as tabanids, reacted to the light reflected by solid black, brown-grey and white horses, as well as the vertical stripes of a zebra.
Scientists consider the invention to be important.
Scientists continue to debate when and where dogs and wolves diverged. Some studies date that split to between 10,000 and 15,000 years ago. But zoologist Love Dalen at the Swedish Natural History Museum said it could be twice that long ago.
Scientists continue to discover new drugs, so there is still hope for people in a coma.
Scientists continue to discover new medicines, so there is always hope for people who are in comas.
Scientists continue to study life on the Galapagos Islands. They have also studied the deepest parts of the ocean that surrounds the islands.
Scientists continue to unravel the complexities of animal bonding.
Scientists created a natural pacemaker in experiments with pigs with a malfunctioning sinoatrial node, which regulates heartbeat.
Scientists created an audio track of Earth’s magnetic fields interacting with a barrage of high-energy particles from the Sun by taking magnetic wave data gathered by the European Space Agency’s CLUSTER mission and transforming them into audible sounds.
Scientists deal mainly with physical matters.
Scientists define the beginning of interstellar space as the place where the sun’s constant flow of material and magnetic field stop affecting its surroundings. This place is called the heliopause. It marks the end of a region created by our sun that is called the heliosphere.
Scientists detected gravitational waves for the first time in 2015, using LIGO.
Scientists differ over how hurricanes and volcanoes might interact, including the question of whether low atmospheric pressure from a major cyclone could help trigger an eruption.
Scientists disappointed Jurassic World dinosaurs don't look like dinosaurs.
Scientists discover genomic exchange between a vampire-like parasitic plant and its host.
Scientists discovered a mosquito perfectly preserved in amber, and which also contained the blood of many different species of dinosaurs.
Scientists do experiments.
Scientists don't agree on whether it will be safe for children to return to in-person classes during the school year.
Scientists don't do that.
Scientists don't know all the reasons why colds and flu are seasonal.
Scientists don't know what dark matter is made of.
Scientists don't know yet if herd immunity is possible with this virus.
Scientists expect future space missions to detect hundreds of other exoplanets in coming decades.
Scientists expect that as long as sunlight reaches them, solar sails will keep accelerating to much higher speeds than what is provided by traditional propulsion methods using chemical or nuclear fuel.
Scientists fear that koalas could be heading toward extinction by 2050 if the destruction of their habitat continues.
Scientists first began tracking the Geminids in the 1800s. Since then, they say the rate of meteors seen per hour on Earth has increased.
Scientists first detected it in the United States in Pennsylvania, in the late 1990's. The invasive species has multiplied and spread in all directions from there.
Scientists found concentrations of the microorganism that were “almost two orders of magnitude greater than any other concentration of phytoplankton ever found on the Earth,” according to Dr. Paula Bontempi, NASA’s Ocean Biology and Biogeochemistry program manager.
Scientists found several anomalies in the structure of the chromosomes.
Scientists from all over the world visit Petrified Forest in order to study the fossils from the park.
Scientists from around the world took to the streets to march for science.
Scientists from the ANO Laboratory of Prehistory in Saint Petersburg did the research. They proposed that huge volcanic explosions caused the Neanderthals to die out in Western Europe. As evidence, they point to the Caucasus Mountains of southern Russia.
Scientists from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory report they were able to create a type of fusion reaction by bombarding a microscopic pellet of fuel with beams from 192 powerful lasers to compress its component parts — hydrogen isotopes known as deuterium and tritium — and fuse them together at the atomic level.
Scientists from the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) are assessing the situation.
Scientists go so far as to use the immaterial properties of their consciousness to deny the existence of such an immaterial consciousness.
Scientists had been hypothesizing the existence of black holes long before one was discovered.
Scientists have announced that they have discovered gravitational waves.
Scientists have been discovering new drugs, so there is always hope for someone in a coma.
Scientists have been discovering new drugs, so there is always hope for the unconscious person.
Scientists have been looking for a cure for cancer for a long time.
Scientists have been trying to find a cure for cancer for a long time.
Scientists have come up with many explanations for why the sky is blue.
Scientists have created a forcefield that only repels spitballs.
Scientists have decoded the genetic blueprint of the world's third most important food crop: the potato.
Scientists have detected a magnetic field surrounding Mercury, though it is not as strong as the field around the Earth.
Scientists have detected for the first time an interstellar asteroid passing through our solar system.
Scientists have detected gravitational waves.
Scientists have determined that on Europa, beneath a thick layer of ice, is a salty ocean whose conditions may be suitable for life.
Scientists have developed apps that can be used for contact tracing.
Scientists have differing opinions about the existence of extraterrestrial life.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur.
Scientists have discovered a new type of magnet.
Scientists have discovered a way to make transparent wood.
Scientists have discovered a way to make wood transparent.
Scientists have discovered more than 100 unnamed species of coral and other marine life during a research voyage south of Tasmania in Australia.
Scientists have discovered that a 3700-year-old Babylonian clay tablet was in fact the world's oldest trigonometric table.
Scientists have discovered that a protein that plays a crucial role in healing broken bones is not fully functional in diabetics.
Scientists have discovered that an ancient pigment, called Egyptian blue, can be used as dusting powder to detect fingerprints.
Scientists have discovered that compounds derived from some bacteria can lower blood sugar levels in obese people with prediabetes, possibly preventing diabetes itself from developing.
Scientists have discovered that unicorns once lived in Siberia.
Scientists have found a secret chamber inside Egypt's Great Pyramid.
Scientists have found water on Mars.
Scientists have found what they believe are pieces of a meteor that fell to Earth earlier this year.
Scientists have identified the elephants that live on the island of Borneo in Malaysia as separate from other Asian elephants. The group Worldwide Fund for Nature, or W-W-F, announced the finding. This follows genetic tests on waste from Borneo's Pygmy Elephants, as they are called.
Scientists have just discovered a colony of flying penguins living in Antarctica.
Scientists have learned how aspirin interferes with a protein enzyme. One form of the enzyme makes the prostaglandin that causes pain and swelling. Another form of the enzyme creates the protective kind of compound. So, while aspirin can reduce pain and swelling in damaged tissues, it also can harm the lining of the stomach and small intestine. Still, aspirin does things that other drugs for treating pain cannot do.
Scientists have learned that, throughout Earth's history, temperature and CO2 levels in the air are closely tied.
Scientists have long been fascinated by the ability of amphibians, such as newts and salamanders, to regrow severed tails.
Scientists have long known that severed nerves in the arms and legs have the ability to regenerate after they have been surgically reattached.
Scientists have long known that solar-energized particles trapped around the planet are sometimes scattered into Earth’s upper atmosphere where they can contribute to beautiful auroral displays.
Scientists have long known that the dandelion's milky sap contains latex, the main ingredient of raw rubber.
Scientists have made a genetic map of the tomato. Tomatoes are second only to potatoes as the world's most valuable vegetable crop. Eight years of work went into making the map, or genome. Three hundred scientists around the world took part in the project to sequence the tomato's DNA code. Giovanni Giuliano, a researcher in Italy, is part of the Tomato Genome Consortium.
Scientists have no idea why giraffes hum.
Scientists have not found a method yet to cure cancer.
Scientists have satellites along with observations from international spacecraft to conduct a wide range of research, from detecting northward expansion of forests in the Arctic to monitoring how burned areas recover from wildfires.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of bread wheat.
Scientists have sequenced the wheat genome.
Scientists have shown that human activities such as burning fossil fuels are increasing global warming through the greenhouse effect.
Scientists have sought these answers for more than 60 years, but the investigation requires sending a probe right through the unrelenting heat of the corona. Today, this is finally possible with cutting-edge thermal engineering advances that can protect the mission on its daring journey.
Scientists have successfully created time crystals.
Scientists have taken a major step toward potentially reversing a common form of blindness.
Scientists have tentatively identified a possible culprit in the mysterious disappearance of honeybees, a phenomenon known as colony collapse disorder. A recently-discovered virus may be the cause, or at least a contributing factor.
Scientists have understood the fundamental physics of climate change for almost 200 years.
Scientists have unearthed in northwestern Argentina fossils of the earliest-known giant dinosaur, a four-legged plant-eater with a medium-length neck and long tail that was a forerunner of the largest land animals of all time.
Scientists have unveiled the first picture of a black hole.
Scientists have worked hard on this for three years.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
Scientists haven't found a vaccine for cancer yet.
Scientists haven’t found a cure for cancer yet.
Scientists haven’t found a vaccine for cancer yet.
Scientists hope the instruments on board the orbiter will help solve the mysteries of the inner workings of our nearest star.
Scientists hypothesize that Europa's hidden ocean is salty, tidal, and causes its ice surface to move, resulting in large fractures that are clearly visible.
Scientists hypothesize that Europa's hidden ocean is salty, tidal, and causes its ice surface to move, resulting in large fractures which are visible on its surface.
Scientists in North Carolina have recently developed a felt-like fabric that generates power by scavenging for so-called waste heat, such as body heat.
Scientists in Switzerland say they have developed a matchbox-sized device that can test for the presence of harmful bacterial activity in an infected patient in a few minutes instead of the days or even weeks current medical technology requires.
Scientists in the U.S. and Australia are using new devices, experimental bionic eyes, to help bring sight to the sightless. It uses similar technology to cochlear implants that have been helping people hear for decades.
Scientists interpret it differently.
Scientists learned about community transmission of the virus from what happened on a cruise ship.
Scientists long ago ceased to believe that the atom is the smallest unit of matter.
Scientists long have understood the environmental risk factors that contribute to stroke, such as smoking and high-fat diets, but they have struggled to find the genes that underlie the heritable component of the disease — until now.
Scientists look to explain the phenomenon of mass beaching by whales and dolphins.
Scientists may have to reexamine their conventional theories about one of the most mysterious and disgusting substances in the universe: cold, old coffee.
Scientists meeting at the 7th European Conference on Space Debris, held in Darmstadt, Germany, say the density of space trash orbiting earth in some areas is so high that it may soon become dangerous to fly through it.
Scientists meeting in Stockholm say they’ve confirmed that subatomic particles known as neutrinos have the ability to morph from one type of the particle into another. The finding could one day help scientists explain why the universe contains matter but very little antimatter.
Scientists noted the decline in brain cell activation was proportional to the monkeys’ age.
Scientists noticed a trend that correlates with the rise of technology in society. As digital devices became more prevalent, people got fatter.
Scientists now say they have found a way to recover lost images made from the very first photographic process.
Scientists of the 19th century believed that the Sun was powered by chemical reactions.
Scientists predict a rise in global temperatures.
Scientists project the Antarctic ozone to recover back to its 1980 level around 2070.
Scientists recommend further research on ways to keep enset trees healthy and on finding improved technologies to make it easier to extract the pulp, grate the corm, and chop the fiber in the fermented kocho.
Scientists regard the discovery as important.
Scientists said governments should make better preparations for further extreme weather.
Scientists said the yeast's health improved dramatically after exposure to the chemicals. They next tested the extracts in fruit flies that were genetically modified to develop symptoms of Alzheimer's.
Scientists say Swiss glaciers have lost 10 percent of their volume in the past five years.
Scientists say a new geologic epoch has begun whereby humans are causing major damage to global water systems.
Scientists say achieving those goals calls for lightweight materials, better aerodynamics, new kinds of fuels and alternative aircraft configurations.
Scientists say air pollution, caused by chemicals called volatile organic compounds (VOCs), is three to five times greater inside our homes. VOCs include cancer-causing benzene and formaldehyde, which are given off by paints, upholstery, printers and stored fuel.
Scientists say as the weather continues to warm in the Eastern and Central U.S., the mass emergence of the cicadas could come any day.
Scientists say big waves form there usually in the winter months, between October and March, when the harsher weather generates larger swells.
Scientists say cilantro, a favorite ingredient in Mexican and Southeast Asian cooking, shows promise as a so-called biosorbent to mop up heavy metals that have leached into ground water from factories in many developing countries.
Scientists say climate change is making fires worse.
Scientists say humpbacks face a combination of other threats including the overharvesting of krill, pollution, habitat degradation, and entanglement in fishing nets.
Scientists say if all of Greenland's vast ice sheet were to melt, global sea levels would rise by 7 meters (23 feet), flooding most coastal developments around the world.
Scientists say many factors bring about changes in weather.
Scientists say more than half of Australia's Great Barrier Reef has been destroyed in the past 30 years.
Scientists say that a woodpecker’s brain is able to withstand g-forces of 1,200 G’s from the repeated impacts and deceleration brought on by this rapid pecking.
Scientists say that as the meltwater fills the sub-glacial lakes it brings with it stored heat — called latent heat — from the surface’s comparatively warm atmosphere which then softens the surrounding ice.
Scientists say that each tropical disease is notoriously difficult to treat, because the microorganisms evade the immune system by changing their appearance frequently.
Scientists say that the reddish hue of Mars surface is the result of oxidized iron—rust.
Scientists say the biggest nuisance caused by the cicadas is when they die and their carcasses fall to the ground, often attracting vermin.
Scientists say the coronavirus outbreak likely originated through animal-to-human transmission at a wild animal market in Wuhan.
Scientists say the invasive species arrived in the Mediterranean from Asia in the ballast of cargo ships, creating an “environmental nightmare.”
Scientists say the level of exercise you need depends on how long you spend sitting per day.
Scientists say the mass emergence is key to the insects’ survival — there are too many for predators to eat all of them — and it usually happens at dusk.
Scientists say the mass emergence is key to the insects’ survival — there are too many for predators to eat all of them — and it usually happens at dusk. Once out of the ground, the cicadas molt and wait for their bodies to dry and harden, then they fly to the tops of trees where they feed and look for a mate, which they do by making a loud buzz.
Scientists say the modified T cells, injected into the patients following standard chemotherapy, homed in on the cancerous B cells inside the bone marrow, each T lymphocyte killing thousands of tumor cells.
Scientists say the record heat seen in Europe but also North America and parts of Asia this year points to the influence of man-made climate change, and could become more common in future.
Scientists say the so-called Super Earth is an ideal distance from its sun to conceivably harbor life.
Scientists say the surface of the Earth is cracked like a giant eggshell. They call the pieces tectonic plates. As many as twenty of them cover the Earth. The plates float about slowly, sometimes crashing into each other, and sometimes moving away from each other.
Scientists say they believe the formation occurred 520 light-years away in the Auriga constellation, also known as the charioteer.
Scientists say they have found a new species of carnivore in the cloud forests of the Andes mountains in South America — the first discovery of its kind in more than 30 years.
Scientists say they hope the stardust will confirm the long held suspicion that carbon grains from comets played a major role in the origin of life on Earth. They point out that comets are the most carbon-rich bodies in the solar system, full of organic compounds that fall to Earth all the time.
Scientists say this one success is far from a magic pill for those living with paralysis but say this is an important step.
Scientists say urgent investment is needed in new TB vaccines and treatments.
Scientists see deoxygenation alongside ocean warming and acidification as a major threat to ocean ecosystems and the well-being of people that depend on marine life.
Scientists see deoxygenation alongside ocean warming and acidification as a major threat to ocean ecosystems and the well-being of people who depend on marine life.
Scientists seek to explain the world.
Scientists seem to have known the truth.
Scientists study the scientific method.
Scientists studying data from a European Space Agency (ESA) satellite say they have observed a strong reduction in ozone concentrations over the Arctic, creating what they are calling a “mini-hole” in the ozone layer.
Scientists studying temperature and rainfall patterns in areas that later had cholera outbreaks say small increases in warmth and wetness are followed by a surge in cholera cases a few months later.
Scientists talked about the future of regenerative medicine, which combines the body’s ability to heal itself with progress in biomedical engineering.
Scientists theorize that stars, planets and the molecules they contain represent less than five percent of the mass-energy content of the universe. The rest is dark energy and dark matter, which cannot be directly detected.
Scientists think that about 100 million comets orbit the Sun.
Scientists think that dogs descended from wolves.
Scientists think that giraffes use infrasound to communicate over long distances.
Scientists think the tiny diamonds were probably formed from the superheated vapor of carbon atoms in highly energized star-forming regions of the Milky Way.
Scientists think there is water beneath the moon's icy crust.
Scientists today know that protein molecules perform most of the critical functions in the cell.
Scientists use satellites to study the migration of whales.
Scientists visit Antarctica to study penguins.
Scientists wanted to see how these developing larvae were being affected by the increased acidity of the ocean water caused by excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Whitman Miller — an environmental scientist and ecologist with the Smithsonian research center — says oceans normally absorb about half of the carbon dioxide that's produced by living creatures. But when excess CO₂ is pumped into the atmosphere and dissolves into seawater, that contributes to an acidification, or a lowering of the pH of the oceans. A byproduct of that process — carbonic acid — rapidly converts to carbonate and bicarbonate ions, which Miller says are corrosive to the calcium carbonate shells of oysters and other marine species.
Scientists warn record Siberian temperatures and the rapid melting of the Arctic sea ice along the Russian coast indicate that climate change is occurring and may be irreversible.
Scientists warn that the world needs to do more than just stop producing greenhouse gases in order to avoid the worst of climate change. Carbon dioxide needs to be actively removed from the atmosphere in order to keep the planet from potentially catastrophic warming.
Scientists warn the most effective drug used to treat malaria is becoming ineffective in parts of Southeast Asia.
Scientists were able to teach sign language to gorillas.
Scientists were surprised to find the grapevines they studied harbored Propionibacterium acnes, a bacterium usually found on human skin and best known for causing acne.
Scientists will be able to study the variations in the intensity of the sounds to obtain information about the physical structure of the targets and whether they are good candidates for closer analysis.
Scientists will come up with new methods of increasing the world's food supply.
Scientists will come up with new methods of increasing the world’s food supply.
Scientists will have to see how vaccine-based immunity to SARS-Cov-2 pans out to know how effective the vaccines are in the long run.
Scientists, using a modern form of x-ray technology, estimate the tooth predates the earliest known Homo sapiens fossil by 160,000 years.
Scipio returned to Italy after he had destroyed Carthage.
Scissors are meant for cutting but can also be used to stab.
Scissors are sharp.
Scoffing won't get you anywhere.
Scofield goes to the ceremony as our representative.
Scoliosis is also common.
Scones are often served with clotted cream and jam.
Scoot over and make room for Tom.
Scoot over.
Scooters are a popular way to get around in Taiwan.
Score one for the mom.
Scores of heavily armed soldiers have tightened their grip on the capital. They are blocking streets and cordoning off government buildings as well as the airport.
Scores of people came to the concert.
Scores of people died in the epidemic.
Scores of people gathered in front of the Royal Palace.
Scores of people visited Japan.
Scores of people—most of them women, children or the elderly—have been imprisoned after being pressured or beaten into "confessing" they were involved in witchcraft.
Scores of villagers watch and shout as over a hundred elephants trample millet farms in the suburbs of Cameroon’s northern town of Kaele.
Scorn is the food of fools.
Scorpio people deserve their bad reputation rightfully so.
Scorpio's bad reputation is so rightfully deserved.
Scorpio's hate Virgo's.
Scorpions are attracted by light.
Scorpions are dangerous.
Scorpions are easy to identify.
Scorpions are in dark places.
Scorpions are nocturnal.
Scorpions can come to your home.
Scorpions can grow big.
Scorpions can kill people.
Scorpions can live in cabinets and closets.
Scorpions can sting.
Scorpions could hurt you.
Scorpions feed on insects.
Scorpions have eight legs.
Scorpions have large pincers.
Scorpions hide behind furniture.
Scorpions hide in cracks.
Scorpions hide in holes.
Scorpions like dark places.
Scorpions live in dry areas.
Scorpions live in hot regions.
Scorpions were coming from everywhere.
Scorpios are heavily flawed human beings.
Scorpios are the most kind-hearted people on this planet who are always ready to help out anyone in dire need.
Scorpios are truly standing out from all the other zodiac signs.
Scorpios aren't as fabulous as astrology makes them out to be.
Scorpios aren't as great as astrology makes them out to be.
Scorpios aren't as great as you think they are, darling.
Scorpios easily lead the pack of all zodiac signs.
Scorpios feel greatly intimidated in front of Capricorn people.
Scorpios will always act superior to what they really are.
Scotch brand is a type of adhesive tape.
Scotch is Tom's favorite drink.
Scotch on the rocks. And make it snappy!
Scotland and Northern Ireland want to stay in the European Union.
Scotland becomes part of the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Scotland can be very warm in September.
Scotland edged out Austria in the semi-final.
Scotland has been agitating for centuries to achieve greater autonomy from the British central government in London.
Scotland has been dragged out of the European Union against its will.
Scotland has set itself on a course to obtain independence from London.
Scotland has the right to self-determination.
Scotland is a big country.
Scotland is a country north of England.
Scotland is famous for its water.
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.
Scotland is my adopted country.
Scotland is part of the United Kingdom.
Scotland makes up much of the mountainous northern part of the island of Great Britain.
Scotland may soon be returning to the EU.
Scotland shall be free.
Scotland should get its independence and let England apply for US statehood.
Scotland voted against Brexit.
Scotland wants to break away from England.
Scotland was hit by gusts of wind and heavy rain on Wednesday.
Scotland's anthem is called "The Flower of Scotland".
Scotland's fabled Loch Ness Monster might most likely be a giant eel, a study of samples of DNA in the lake's murky waters has found.
Scotland’s anthem is called "The Flower of Scotland".
Scott Hall belongs to the Outsiders.
Scott Weaver's "Rolling through the Bay" is a kinetic sculpture made from more than 100,000 toothpicks, over a period of 35 years.
Scott believed it would be a long war.
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
Scott is an entrepreneur with much spirit of enterprise.
Scott received a very strict education.
Scott traded a watch for a book, and then traded the book for money.
Scott was a contemporary of Byron.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
Scott! Please make hotdogs for lunch.
Scott's job is to evaluate the assets of companies.
Scott's sister likes to prepare sashimi.
Scott, Dario and Ryan were very sporty.
Scott, prepare the advertising budget right now!
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, proponent of an independence referendum, responded Tuesday to Johnson’s comments via Twitter.
Scottish Gaelic is very interesting, isn’t it?
Scottish Gaelic will be the 89áµ—Ê° language on Tatoeba.
Scottish Gaelic will be the 89ᵗʰ language on Tatoeba.
Scottish libraries are open to all members of the public who can show appropriate proof of their identity.
Scottish people have the right to self-determination.
Scottish people say "ken" instead of "know," which is similar to what speakers of many other Germanic languages say.
Scottish recipe for tomato soup: Pour hot water into a red cup.
Scott’s job is to evaluate the assets of companies.
Scott’s sister likes to prepare sashimi.
Scoundrel!
Scoundrel! I cried, what are you doing?
Scour the pan.
Scout's honor.
Scouts and spies must be very observant.
Scouts can start a fire using only flint and steel.
Scouts learn to use flint to start fires during outdoor activities.
Scram!
Scram, mutt!
Scram, you cats!
Scram.
Scrambled eggs and bacon sound really good right about now.
Scrape off any leftover food into the trash or compost bin.
Scratch a Russian and find a Tartar.
Scratch a Russian and you'll find a Tatar.
Scratch a cynic and you'll find a disappointed idealist.
Scratch me off the list!
Scratch my back and I'll scratch yours.
Scratch my back.
Scratch that idea.
Scratch your butt.
Scratch your kitties for me.
Scratching his armpit and giving his finger a whiff, Tom jolted away from his hand.
Scratching his head, Tom asked, "Have you seen that paperwork that was on the desk, Mary? It's kind of important." 
"Oh, I threw that crap away last week, Tom," Mary replied offhandedly.
Scream a bit quieter!
Scream all you want. No one will hear you.
Scream all you want. Nobody will hear you.
Scream and cry as much as you want. No one can hear you here.
Scream and cry as much as you want. No one will hear you.
Scream and cry as much as you want. Nobody will hear you.
Scream and start to cause chaos.
Scream as loud as you can.
Scream as much as you want.
Scream it loud!
Scream!
Scream.
Screaming isn't singing.
Screams of pain filled the air.
Screw authority!
Screw both of you!
Screw both of you.
Screw it all.
Screw it in tight.
Screw physics.
Screw the boys.
Screw the cap on tightly.
Screw the rules; I have money!
Screw the system!
Screw them!
Screw this door! It's testing my patience!
Screw you!
Screws are more durable than nails.
Scritch your kitties for me.
Scroll compressors consist of two scrolls to pressurize refrigerant.
Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
Scroll down.
Scroll further.
Scroll up.
Scrooge and Marley were partners for I don't know how many years.
Scrooge crept towards it, trembling as he went; and following the finger, read upon the stone of the neglected grave his own name, Ebenezer Scrooge.
Scrooge knew he was dead? Of course he did. How could it be otherwise?
Scrooge never painted out Old Marley's name. There it stood, years afterwards, above the warehouse door: Scrooge and Marley.
Scrooge was not much in the habit of cracking jokes.
Scrooge was the Ogre of the family. The mention of his name cast a dark shadow on the party, which was not dispelled for full five minutes.
Scrub the pot lid's edges.
Scrub the sink and try to get rid of those spots.
Scrub the toilet.
Scrub with a microwave-safe sponge.
Scrubbing wore the towel out.
Scrums are a feature of Rugby football.
Scuba divers have found many interesting things under water including gold coins, ancient ruins, and fossils of extinct animals.
Scuba diving is fun.
Sculpting is like peeling a banana.
Sculpture is a higher art.
Sculptured votive wreaths, six in all, are hung between the capitals of the columns and the spandrel of the arches.
Sculptures and paintings represent bracelets by bands of red or blue colour on the arms, and show that the Egyptians wore four—one on the wrist and one above the elbow of each arm.
Sculptures from antiquity are exhibited in the museum.
Sculptures made of sand are transient, here today and gone tomorrow, subject to the whims of wind and waves.
Scurvy is a disease caused by lack of Vitamin C.
Scurvy raged aboard the ship.
Scurvy raged on board the ship.
Scurvy, a disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C, long ago plagued sailors who ate no citrus fruits.
Scythes are used for mowing grass by hand.
Scythians are the ancestors of Russians.
Se-young is a proponent of the 4B movement.
Sea Day is one of the Japanese national holidays celebrated on the third Monday in July.
Sea Lamprey is an eel-like fish native to the U.S. Atlantic coast that is also now found in the Great Lakes.
Sea birds, especially brown pelicans, are also feeling the effects of the oil spill. Their feathers normally trap a layer of air that insulates them and keeps them warm. But oil on the feathers destroys that insulation, and the bird’s body temperature drops to a dangerous level.
Sea cows complained in WEF conference in Davos why capitalists pollute the oceans.
Sea ice is retreating.
Sea ice reflects more sunlight than does the darker ocean.
Sea lampreys attach to fish with a suction cup mouth ringed with sharp teeth.
Sea level is primarily measured using tide stations and satellite laser altimeters.
Sea level rise at specific locations may be more or less than the global average due to many local factors: subsidence, upstream flood control, erosion, regional ocean currents, variations in land height, and whether the land is still rebounding from the compressive weight of Ice Age glaciers.
Sea level rise isn’t consistent across the globe.
Sea level rise, coupled with storm surge, will continue to increase the risk of major coastal impacts on transportation infrastructure, including both temporary and permanent flooding of airports, ports and harbors, roads, rail lines, tunnels, and bridges.
Sea levels are going to rise drastically.
Sea levels are rising.
Sea levels around the world are rising.
Sea life constitutes a huge natural resource.
Sea lions and dolphins are being sickened by toxic algae off the coast of California, where hundreds of animals have washed ashore.
Sea lions are brown, bark loudly, “walk" on land using their large flippers and have visible ear flaps.
Sea otters are able to use stones to break open shellfish.
Sea otters are cute.
Sea otters are smaller than seals and sea lions, have stubby front paws and rest by floating on their back.
Sea otters love to eat clams while swimming on their backs.
Sea otters often use small rocks to crack open hard-shelled prey.
Sea otters rest by wrapping themselves in kelp to keep from drifting away.
Sea otters spend more than 90% of their lives in water.
Sea otters were hunted to near-extinction for their fur in the 1700s and 1800s.
Sea shells have already been used as currency.
Sea sickness is the last thing the passengers want.
Sea spiders are not arachnids, but close relatives of them.
Sea turtles always return to the beach where they hatched.
Sea turtles are magnificent creatures.
Sea turtles bury their eggs in the sand.
Sea turtles can migrate for kilometers and kilometers.
Sea turtles don't have teeth.
Sea turtles have a long lifespan.
Sea turtles lay their eggs on beaches.
Sea urchin has a slimy texture.
Sea urchin is a popular ingredient in Japanese cooking.
Sea urchins eat seaweed such as kelp.
Sea urchins have spines.
Sea urchins taste like the ocean.
Sea water is salty.
Sea, I've missed you!
Sea, fire, and woman, three disasters.
Sea-sickness wasn't the only problem.
Seabirds are impacted by a variety of human-related activities including oil spills, fisheries interactions, contaminants, disturbances, and habitat destruction.
Seafood and I don't get along.
Seafood doesn't sit well with me.
Seafood is very delicious.
Seafood only tastes good if it's fresh.
Seaganism is a fishy diet.
Seagulls and pelicans are seabirds.
Seagulls are basking on a sand dune.
Seagulls are diving into the sea.
Seagulls are mainly coastal birds.
Seagulls are very common in Algiers.
Seagulls can be black, gray or white.
Seagulls can fly over great distances.
Seagulls cause all types of disturbances by cackling loudly, spreading guano, tearing up garbage bags and attacking to get food.
Seagulls dive into the sea.
Seagulls fly over the water.
Seagulls have been known to fly off with whatever a person might be eating if it is left unguarded.
Seagulls nest in colonies.
Seagulls whirled overhead.
Seagulls, pelicans, seals. What else do you need?
Seahenge is a Bronze Age monument located near Holme-next-the-Sea in Norfolk.
Seahorses are fish that don't look like, swim like, or reproduce like fish. With a head resembling that of a tiny horse, seahorses and their biological cousins, sea dragons, live in shallow tropical seas and temperate waters. One of the world's leading seahorse research laboratories, dedicated to breeding the fish, is located in the seemingly-unlikely setting of a busy inner harbor in Baltimore, Maryland. The city's National Aquarium and its nearby lab have already successfully bred 12 species of seahorses and have a new exhibit of the fish on display.
Seahorses are not horses in the pasture; they live in the sea.
Seahorses feed on zooplankton.
Seal the box with glue, and not with tape.
Seal the doors.
Seal the room.
Seal the vault.
Seals are clumsy and awkward on land, but very graceful in the water.
Seals are clumsy and ponderous on land, but very graceful in the water.
Seals are my favorite animals.
Seals are sea mammals.
Seals are used like this in Japan, but abroad signatures are the rule.
Seals eat fish.
Seals eat mainly fish.
Seals have big eyes.
Seals have small flippers, wriggle on their bellies on land and lack visible ear flaps.
Seals hunt fish.
Seals love fish and great white sharks love seals.
Seals sleep underwater.
Sean Connery is a Scottish actor.
Sean Connery started balding at the age of 21.
Sean hates trick-or-treaters.
Sean really greatly resembles Conner!
Sear on each side over medium heat for 4 - 5 minutes.
Search and rescue operations began immediately.
Search and you will find!
Search as we would, we could not find it.
Search by name.
Search dogs located the victim's body.
Search engines are not the fount of all knowledge.
Search engines are plagued with an increasing amount of automatically translated blog spam.
Search every inch of this house.
Search every room.
Search everyone who comes into this room.
Search for her; she has murdered him!
Search for my dream.
Search for someone online to chat with you.
Search for someone online to practice English with you.
Search for the truth.
Search for work!
Search from the beginning.
Search harder on Google!
Search his past and you'll find the scoop.
Search is working now.
Search isn't working.
Search me.
Search not the wound too deep lest thou make a new one.
Search operations are still underway.
Search the house!
Search the house.
Search the town that's on the map.
Search the town that’s on the map.
Search the whole building.
Search with the sentence in quotes to find exact matches.
Search your pockets again to make sure of it.
Search!
Search.
Search; find; discover!
Searches in the nearby El Harrach river turned out nothing.
Searching for the meaning of life is just a waste of time.
Searching for the owners of the items I found, such as ID cards or phones, is my favorite online game.
Searching for the truth is easy. Accepting the truth is hard.
Searching for those differences is one of the tasks for the people at the Compact Muon Solenoid, or CMS, one of four main experiment sites around the Large Hadron Collider at CERN.
Searching is dangerous. Sometimes you discover something you didn't at all want to find.
Searching won't do. In this dark it's impossible to find it.
Searing pain bit through skin and muscle.
Sears let customers buy on credit, which gave African Americans the option to bypass the local country store, where black customers had to wait until the white customers were served.
Seas are warming, rising, and becoming more acidic.
Seashell is a lavender pony who is ariel pet.
Seashells were the legal tender in the Shang dynasty.
Seaside resorts, such as Newport, are very crowded in summer.
Season tickets will be available.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Season to taste.
Season with rum to taste.
Season with salt and pepper and add a pinch of nutmeg.
Season with salt and pepper and leave to cook for about ten minutes, stirring occasionally.
Season with salt and pepper.
Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis is a common condition among the general population in Western countries.
Seasonal food is delicious and inexpensive.
Seasoned timber is better for construction and joinery.
Seasons are reversed in the southern hemisphere.
Seasons change faster than we expect.
Seasons change, marking the passage of time.
Seasons mean little to Yanni. If he sees a big buck on his property, he would kill it.
Seat belts have been compulsory for motorists in Germany since 1976.
Seat belts should be banned.
Seat belts should be mandatory.
Seat cushions are sold separately.
Seat yourself.
Seatbelt: seatbelt is fastened, tightened and opened like this.
Seated on the floor, she watches me.
Seated upon the ground, he had seemed as lazy and inert as a hog, but now his body was as tense and active as that of a panther.
Seattle gets a lot of rain.
Seattle has a very wet climate.
Seattle is a sanctuary city.
Seawalls are barriers, usually vertical walls, between the land and water that protect from wave erosion.
Seawater contains salt.
Seawater is greenish.
Seawater is salty.
Seawater tastes salty.
Sebastian Cabot was John Cabot's son and also became an explorer.
Sebastian Vettel said it could take him ten years to fully grasp what he had achieved.
Sebastian has been married for three days already.
Sebastian's grandmother is the first woman to hold the position of a judge in Navarre.
Sebatik Island is a border area between Indonesia and Malaysia.
Sebatik Island is one of the boundary regions between Indonesia and Malaysia.
Sebatik Island is one of the regions where Indonesia and Malaysia share a border.
Sebum is a natural oily substance produced by the sebaceous glands in the skin.
Sebum is typically a pale yellow color.
Secession is not the only political tool available to the state.
Secession was the means by which the southern states hoped to achieve their goal of preserving slavery.
Secession will only mean war with the country you no longer belong to.
Second City alum Tom Jackson will be co-starring.
Second Life is an Internet-based simulation of reality — a virtual world with trees, buildings, animals and people. The "people" are animated characters guided by real-life people who can make their avatar look and act however they want. For someone with physical or emotional disabilities, this chance to "dream" through their online avatar can be a healing and empowering experience.
Second best is never enough.
Second day at work and I was ready to throw myself out of the window.
Second place is just the first loser.
Second semester has ended.
Second set, Krajicek to serve.
Second summer is coming to an end.
Second thoughts are best.
Second win for Ding Liren (White) at the 2023 FIDE World Chess Championship, tying the match at 3 X 3. So far, 3 wins for White, 1 win for Black, and only 2 draws.
Second, it initiates visual learning.
Second, smokers persuade themselves that there is nothing they can do about smoking anyway.
Second-hand electrical equipment always shows signs of use.
Second-hand furniture is cheaper.
Second-hand smoking is as harmful as smoking itself.
Second-language acquisition requires a lot of hard work and dedication to reach fluency.
Secondary education has two sides.
Secondary schools across the country are currently closed due to strikes.
Secondly, is there any project scheduled to be released today?
Secondly, opponents of the measure believed the president did not have the authority to call a national Thanksgiving because that was a matter for governors.
Secondly, some of the Creoles may become independent "national languages" in their own right.
Secondly, the literacy rate in Europe of that time was low.
Secondly, we must take steps to correct these errors.
Secrecy is important.
Secrecy is of the essence in this matter.
Secrecy was important.
Secret Service agents were warned of a suspicious person on a factory roof.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
Secret police moved among the crowd during the demonstration.
Secret societies were abolished.
Secret society is a fancy name for organized crime.
Secretaries don't work on Sundays.
Secretary General Kofi Annan says the United Nations is struggling to balance contradictory pressures as it tries to restore stability to war-torn countries.
Secretary Thompson described the infected man as a woodsman who had recently traveled to North Carolina, and spent a great deal of time outdoors, even drinking water from a stream.
Secretary birds are basically eagles on stilts.
Secretary of State Colin Powell and other U.S. officials are traveling to Mexico City, Monday, to take part in the annual binational commission meeting with their Mexican counterparts.
Secretly eating chocolate is my guilty pleasure.
Secrets are a sad thing to have.
Secrets are no miracles.
Secrets fuel the world of espionage.
Sectarian violence is an unwelcome reality for the city's population.
Sectarianism is a key element of Lebanese political life.
Section 214, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein's General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who kidnaps a person from another one, must deliver the latter a receipt, to that effect.
Section 214, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein’s General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who kidnaps a person from another one, must deliver the latter a receipt, to that effect.
Section 214b, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein's General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who sees a pink elephant must give it a receipt.
Section 214b, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein’s General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who sees a pink elephant must give it a receipt.
Section 9 of the Endangered Species Act makes it illegal to take an endangered species of fish or wildlife.
Sections of East Africa, the Indian Ocean and China will witness an annular eclipse, in which the moon passes directly in front of the sun but leaves a ring of sunlight flaring around its edge.
Sections of the indictment are so detailed that they read like a primer, a virtual "how-to manual" for anyone interested in how hackers do what they do.
Sector clear.
Secular liberalism is the final religion, though its church is not of the other world but of this.
Secularism is when you're only allowed to be Catholic in public.
Secure it with duct tape and you're good to go.
Secure the area.
Secure the door before you leave.
Secure the garage door.
Secure this money somewhere.
Secure your own mask before helping others.
Security around Putin is tight.
Security arrived to take Martino outside.
Security at the airport has been stepped up since the bomb scare.
Security before everything else.
Security can lead to complacency.
Security eventually intervened.
Security experts believe Apple’s fingerprint scanning technology senses whether a digit is attached to a living human, so severed phalanges should prove unsuccessful for unlocking a stolen iPhone.
Security firms contact men finishing their obligatory military service and offer them bodyguard courses at special discounts.
Security forces fear that hardliners among the demonstrators may not adhere to such promises.
Security forces were called out.
Security guards entered the room.
Security guards escorted Tom out of the building after he got fired.
Security guards escorted Tom out of the building.
Security has been beefed up for the education minister's visit to the university because student protests are expected.
Security has been tightened.
Security has greatly improved in Algeria.
Security has improved in Algeria.
Security in this building is state of the art.
Security is a priority in Algiers.
Security is minimal here.
Security is on its way.
Security is still a concern.
Security is the greatest enemy.
Security isn't achieved by erecting barriers, but by opening gates.
Security of the perimeter was also ramped up drastically.
Security on campus has been tightened recently.
Security quickly chased Robert away.
Security was also a challenge.
Security was extremely tight.
Security was increased in the city.
Security was very tight.
Security will be tightened.
Security! Watch over this room and don't let Ziri leave.
Security, kick this man out!
Security, law and order must be enforced consistently.
Sediment cores from the bottom of Yellowstone’s lakes contain fossils of pollen deposited during the Late Pleistocene. These pollen records show which plants were present at that time and allow researchers to infer climate conditions.
Sedimentary rock contains fossils because it was built up layer upon layer, often trapping and preserving animals, plants, footprints, and more within the layers of sediment.
Sedition laws are usually used to persecute peaceful left-wing activists.
Sednaya Prison, nicknamed the "Human Slaughterhouse", was a military prison near Damascus in Syria operated by the Syrian government.
Seduced by their modest tuition fees, I chose this school.
Sedulously avoid all polysyllabic profundity, pompous prolixity, psittaceous vacuity, ventriloquial verbosity, and vaniloquent vapidity.
See "/docs" for the full documentation for this API.
See Naples and then die.
See Paris and die!
See Tom, I told you didn't have anything to worry about.
See a pin and pick it up, all day long you'll have a pin.
See a pin and pick it up, all the day you'll have good luck.
See above.
See anything you like?
See below for more information.
See below.
See everyone in two months.
See for yourself.
See for yourselves.
See here for current departures and arrivals.
See how Lenny can swallow an entire hot dog without chewing or choking? That's why upper management loves him so much.
See how Lenny can swallow an entire hot dog without chewing or choking? That’s why upper management loves him so much.
See how clean the house is.
See how easy it is.
See how far you can jump.
See how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity!
See how high you can jump.
See how high you can make the ball bounce.
See how late it is.
See how magnificent it is!
See how much freer you feel at the keyboard after practicing your scales like the other kids?
See how much more carefully made these are compared to those?
See how the serfs work the ground?
See how they run!
See how they're showing off!
See how, to deceive the old, the young agree!
See if I care!
See if Tom's light is on.
See if my answer is correct.
See if the gas is turned off.
See if there are any mistakes.
See if there's a road leading to the sea.
See if there's anything you can do to help Tom.
See if there's juice in the fridge.
See if they are there!
See if this makes sense to you.
See if you can catch my fastball.
See if you can catch the word she uses as she describes how she begins her day.
See if you can catch this.
See if you can do something to help Tom.
See if you can find Tom.
See if you can find a fire extinguisher.
See if you can find a pattern.
See if you can find an usher to take this gentleman to his seat.
See if you can find out more about Tom.
See if you can find out more about what happened.
See if you can find the problem.
See if you can lift her spirits.
See if you can make my hair lie flat.
See if you can open the door.
See if you can persuade Tom to come.
See it's simple, either I am right or you are wrong.
See it’s simple, either I am right or you are wrong.
See life in terms of power.
See manual for instructions.
See me as who I am, not as how you want me to be.
See me for who I am.
See me in my office.
See more hereof hereafter.
See my friend over there?
See no evil, Hear no evil, Speak no evil.
See nothing, hear nothing, say nothing.
See now that studying does matter?
See other articles for information on Canadian literature, music, cinema and culture.
See that Tom stays in bed.
See that all the items are arranged in a row.
See that dinner is ready by ten.
See that fox?
See that guy over there at the counter drinking whisky? He's pretty much my type.
See that guy over there at the counter drinking whisky? He’s pretty much my type.
See that hill in the distance? That is actually a landfill.
See that my children behave well at school.
See that stone? In the special forces you got to take it and walk with it at least ten miles.
See that the Lord hath given you the sabbath, and for this reason on the sixth day he giveth you a double provision: let each man stay at home, and let none go forth out of his place the seventh day.
See that the door is locked before you leave.
See that the homework is done by the weekend.
See that the knife doesn't slip.
See that the window is closed.
See that the windows in your room are fastened.
See that this never happens again.
See that you are ready to leave at 7 sharp.
See that you are ready to leave like that.
See that you finish your homework before supper.
See the "logs" on the right side of the page to see who originally created a sentence.
See the boy and his dog that are running over there.
See the car carefully before you buy it.
See the evening news bulletin for a report about this.
See the example given above.
See the footnote on page 5.
See the light in others, and treat them as if that is all you see.
See the notes at end of chapter.
See the preceding example.
See the section below to determine your eligibility.
See the sunlight on the ocean.
See these scratches? That's the sign of a cat owner.
See things as they are.
See this?
See to it that Tom faithfully performs his duties.
See to it that Ziri calls Rima.
See to it that Ziri is not disturbed by anyone.
See to it that Ziri is spared.
See to it that Ziri lacks nothing.
See to it that Ziri pays.
See to it that Ziri receives a proper Muslim burial.
See to it that Ziri returns the money.
See to it that all the doors are locked before you go out.
See to it that all the items are arranged in a row.
See to it that he does not go there.
See to it that no strangers come into this room.
See to it that she does that.
See to it that such a thing does not happen again.
See to it that the baby does not go near the stove.
See to it that the door is locked at 10.
See to it that the door is locked before you leave.
See to it that the letter is posted this afternoon.
See to it that the work doesn't stop.
See to it that this doesn't happen again.
See to it that this letter is posted without fail.
See to it that this never happens again.
See to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow.
See to it that you are not late.
See to it that you don't make the same mistake.
See to it that you don’t make the same mistake.
See to it that you estimate the losses by Friday at the latest.
See to it that you keep quiet.
See to it that you never make the same mistake again.
See to it that your cigarette is put out before you go to bed.
See to that you do not leave your umbrella behind.
See to this matter right away, will you?
See what I did!
See what I mean?
See what I've got for you.
See what Tom brought you.
See what Tom has to say about all this.
See what Tom is doing.
See what Tom wants.
See what a ball of black dust, O citizens, advances towards us! Quickly bring the weapons, distribute the darts, run to the walls, hey, the enemy is coming!
See what can be done about it.
See what else is in the box.
See what happens when you give people advice?
See what happens when you tell the truth?
See what she wants.
See what the baby is doing!
See what the humans can do!
See what the problem is, OK?
See what they are doing.
See what they're doing.
See what we can find out about Tom.
See what we can learn about the suspect.
See what you can come up with.
See what you can do with it.
See what you can find out about Tom.
See what you can find out.
See what you can find.
See what you made me do.
See what you've done!
See what you've done.
See what's going on outside.
See what's going on.
See what's happening.
See what's on TV.
See what’s going on outside.
See where he has ascended now.
See whether you can prevail upon your teacher to give you an extension for the assignment.
See which way the cat jumps.
See who's at the door.
See with your ears.
See with your eyes, not with your hands.
See www.example.com for more information.
See ya!
See ya.
See you Monday at school.
See you Monday, Tom.
See you Monday.
See you Monday. Kisses!
See you Sunday at three.
See you Thursday!
See you Thursday, Tom.
See you Tuesday!
See you Tuesday.
See you a little before 7.
See you a little past 7.
See you about 7.
See you after break!
See you after class.
See you after vacation!
See you again next Monday.
See you again next weekend.
See you again on Monday.
See you again soon!
See you again soon.
See you again tomorrow.
See you again very soon.
See you again.
See you all at the open house.
See you all later.
See you all soon.
See you all tomorrow.
See you around, Tom.
See you around, Yanni.
See you around, girls.
See you around.
See you at 2:30.
See you at 3 o'clock.
See you at 3.00.
See you at 6.30.
See you at 7.
See you at Chizhik-Pyzhik monument.
See you at Christmas.
See you at Tom's place.
See you at Tom's.
See you at about 2:30.
See you at band practice.
See you at five!
See you at five.
See you at half past six.
See you at half six.
See you at home.
See you at lunch.
See you at school tomorrow.
See you at school.
See you at seven tomorrow.
See you at six thirty.
See you at the elections.
See you at the house!
See you at the market.
See you at the office.
See you at the party.
See you at the reception.
See you at the rehearsal.
See you at the reunion.
See you at the wedding.
See you at the weekend.
See you at three o'clock.
See you at three.
See you at two this afternoon.
See you at work tomorrow.
See you at work.
See you back at the apartment.
See you back at the flat.
See you back at the motel.
See you back at the office.
See you back at the precinct.
See you for dinner tomorrow.
See you for dinner.
See you guys at 2:30.
See you guys later.
See you guys on Halloween.
See you in 2022!
See you in Algeria.
See you in Australia.
See you in Berber class.
See you in Boston.
See you in French class tomorrow.
See you in French class.
See you in Kabylie.
See you in October.
See you in a couple of minutes.
See you in a few minutes.
See you in a fortnight.
See you in a little while.
See you in a minute.
See you in a month.
See you in a tick!
See you in a week, then!
See you in about an hour.
See you in an hour.
See you in church on Sunday.
See you in church.
See you in class.
See you in court.
See you in four days.
See you in hell!
See you in hell.
See you in my office.
See you in the classroom.
See you in the game.
See you in the morning, Tom.
See you in the morning.
See you in the mosque.
See you in thirty minutes.
See you in three months.
See you in three weeks.
See you in two days.
See you in two weeks.
See you in two years.
See you in your dreams.
See you inside the class.
See you later!
See you later, Mary!
See you later, Mother.
See you later, OK?
See you later, Tom.
See you later, Ziri.
See you later, alligator.
See you later, everyone.
See you later.
See you never.
See you next Friday.
See you next Halloween.
See you next class.
See you next period.
See you next time!
See you next time, Anna, and thank you so much for the good coffee!
See you next time.
See you next week!
See you next week, Tom!
See you next week, Tom.
See you next week.
See you next weekend.
See you next year!
See you next year.
See you on Friday.
See you on Monday at three.
See you on Monday!
See you on Monday, Tom.
See you on Monday.
See you on Saturday.
See you on Sunday!
See you on Sunday.
See you on Thursday.
See you on Tuesday.
See you on Wednesday.
See you on the flip side.
See you on the lam.
See you on the morrow!
See you on the other side.
See you on the plane.
See you on the slopes at the crack of dawn!
See you on the train.
See you on the weekend.
See you soon then.
See you soon!
See you soon, I hope.
See you soon, Marco!
See you soon, Tom.
See you soon, my friend!
See you soon, radiant being!
See you soon, stay strong.
See you soon.
See you the week after next week.
See you the year after!
See you then.
See you there, Ziri.
See you there.
See you this weekend!
See you this weekend.
See you tomorrow afternoon.
See you tomorrow at 2:30.
See you tomorrow at school.
See you tomorrow at the library!
See you tomorrow at the library.
See you tomorrow at the office.
See you tomorrow in church!
See you tomorrow in the library.
See you tomorrow in the office.
See you tomorrow morning!
See you tomorrow morning.
See you tomorrow night.
See you tomorrow then!
See you tomorrow then. I hope the party is going to be fun.
See you tomorrow!
See you tomorrow, OK?
See you tomorrow, Tom.
See you tomorrow, Yanni.
See you tomorrow, at the university.
See you tomorrow, face of light!
See you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow?
See you tonight!
See you tonight! See you soon!
See you tonight! Until then!
See you tonight, Tom.
See you tonight, then. Cheers!
See you tonight.
See you when you arrive.
See you when you get back.
See you!
See you! Come back often!
See you, Tom.
See you, grandpa!
See you.
See your boss eye to eye.
See your doctor.
See! Candy floss is being sold.
See! Cotton candy is being sold.
See! They're selling candy floss.
See! They're selling cotton candy.
See, I told you I could do it.
See, I told you I could do that.
See, I told you I could help you.
See, I told you Tom could do that.
See, I told you Tom couldn't swim.
See, I told you Tom would be here.
See, I told you Tom would do that.
See, here I am; lead me in the name of God.
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
See, in this world there are traitors and hypocrites.
See, now, Polites, one of Priam's sons, / scarce slipt from Pyrrhus' butchery, and lame, / through foes, through darts, along the cloisters runs / and empty courtyards.
See, that wasn't so difficult, was it?
See, that's going to be a problem for me.
See, the burning issue I'm sure we all have here is how you are going to solve your problems!
See, to beguile the old folks, how the young folks lay their heads together!
See, what I have done there?
See, you shouldn't work so hard.
See, you shouldn’t work so hard.
See?
See? I told you everything was fine.
See? I was right.
See? It isn't scary, right?
See? That wasn't so bad.
See? This is what I mean.
See? This isn't so bad.
See? You're smiling again!
Seed after seed will make bread.
Seed pods keep dropping off the tree.
Seed the fields with wheat.
Seedlings are young plants.
Seeds must have air and water to grow.
Seeds need germination operation to germinate.
Seeds unsown do not grow.
Seeing Brutus, Caesar said, "You also, Brutus, my son!"
Seeing Donald like that was kind of scary.
Seeing Kalman scared was so unsettling.
Seeing Layla in her wedding dress brought tears to my eyes.
Seeing Robert's expecting eyes, I couldn't refuse.
Seeing Tom alive and happy was something like a miracle to us.
Seeing Tom at the door, Mary hesitated.
Seeing Tom hanging on the tree was really a horrible sight.
Seeing Tom so radiant and happy brought a tear to my eye.
Seeing Tom with another woman made Mary jealous.
Seeing Tom's face sparked something inside me.
Seeing Tom, Mary smiled.
Seeing Yanni's body scared the life out of Skura.
Seeing Ziri with Rima burnt Skura on the inside.
Seeing a human face in a cloud is an example of pareidolia.
Seeing a policeman, he ran away.
Seeing a rat run across the floor made me never ever want to eat there again.
Seeing a squirrel scamper across the car park made Mary happy.
Seeing a white lilly is splendid.
Seeing all the food on the table made me hungry.
Seeing all the worms wriggling on the corpse made me squirm all over.
Seeing an advertisement for burial plots, I thought to myself "That is the last thing I need."
Seeing as I'm living in Kashgar right now, I have a lot of chances to communicate with the Uyghurs.
Seeing as he's already old he'll probably find it hard to complete that task properly.
Seeing as how we both have complexions suited to the winter colour scheme, it is easy for my sister and me to shop together.
Seeing as she can speak French fluently, she may have studied in France.
Seeing as the curvature is smaller than unity, once the curve leaves the unit circle it will not come back.
Seeing as they're poor, they've no choice but to work their hardest.
Seeing as you won't be here on your birthday, I thought I'd give you your present now.
Seeing friends suffer makes me feel unsure about what to do.
Seeing her again reminded me of the good times we had in college.
Seeing her lovely face relaxes me.
Seeing her mother, the girl burst into tears.
Seeing her silent resignation hurt my heart in an indescribable way.
Seeing him gives me a stomachache.
Seeing him with his girlfriend puts me in a bad mood.
Seeing his mother, the lost child burst into tears.
Seeing his old friends from high school filled William with a sense of nostalgia for his youth.
Seeing is believing.
Seeing is forgetting the name of the thing one sees.
Seeing is to forget the name of the things we see.
Seeing me, she was embarrassed.
Seeing me, the baby began to cry.
Seeing me, the dog rushed up to me.
Seeing me, the dog wagged its tail.
Seeing me, the puppy joyfully wagged its little tail.
Seeing me, they suddenly stopped talking.
Seeing my brother trembling before the urchins mocking him made me anxious and angered at the same time.
Seeing my collection of frogs would make your hair stand on end.
Seeing my first love kissing another guy was an eye-opening experience that made me realize how much of an evil person he was.
Seeing my friend get expelled for cheating really scared me straight.
Seeing my parents makes my blood boil and makes my anger rise up significantly.
Seeing my younger brother trembling before his bullies sent my heart racing and made me angry at the same time.
Seeing myself getting older is upsetting me emotionally.
Seeing myself getting older makes me feel sad inside.
Seeing only the worst in yourself doesn't make you right.
Seeing other hikers along the way isn't something rare.
Seeing other people showing sadness on their face makes me feel uncomfortable.
Seeing people smile makes me want to keep doing this.
Seeing red clouds at sunset makes me feel a profound sadness.
Seeing sadness on other people's faces breaks my soul.
Seeing sadness on other people's faces hurts my soul.
Seeing sadness on other people's faces is heart-wrenching.
Seeing shafts of light piercing the fog, Tom's mother-in-law opened fire from her sofa fort bunker.
Seeing something in a different context than the accustomed one can be surprising.
Seeing that Mary wanted to leave, Tom sprang from his seat.
Seeing that Paul had gone, Richard went into the room.
Seeing that Paulo had left, Ricardo entered the room.
Seeing that he has not come, he may be on a trip.
Seeing that he is angry, there must be some misunderstanding.
Seeing that he is still sick, he is unlikely to come today.
Seeing that he's not preparing at all, it seems that he's not planning to take the exam.
Seeing that her husband was feeling bad, Ana called for the doctor.
Seeing that he’s not preparing at all, it seems that he’s not planning to take the exam.
Seeing that it is 8 o'clock, I think you should leave for school soon.
Seeing that it is 8 o’clock, I think you should leave for school soon.
Seeing that it is late, we should go home.
Seeing that it is raining, you had better stay home.
Seeing that it was raining, I took my umbrella.
Seeing that it was raining, Tom took his brolly.
Seeing that it was raining, Tom took his umbrella.
Seeing that it was raining, she took her brolly with her.
Seeing that it was raining, she took her umbrella with her.
Seeing that movie is something like taking a trip to India.
Seeing that she did not put out her hand as usual, Will paused a yard from her and said with embarrassment, "I am so grateful to you for seeing me."
Seeing that she is tired, we had better stop for a while.
Seeing that she was not excited at the news, she must have known it.
Seeing that we have little time, we have to hurry.
Seeing that you're not surprised, I think you must have known.
Seeing that you’re not surprised, I think you must have known.
Seeing that, Ziri stormed out.
Seeing that, he stood up.
Seeing the blood made her excited.
Seeing the blood, she fainted.
Seeing the briskly working toy consultants also left a strong impression.
Seeing the dentist's teeth, he took to his heels.
Seeing the dog, the cat ran away.
Seeing the dress, she had trouble stifling a laugh.
Seeing the eagle against the red of the setting sun, Lech took this as a good omen and decided to settle there.
Seeing the face of his wife covered in green spots, he had a heart attack. Yet another victim of the killer cucumber!
Seeing the first shoots emerge from the soil, the peasant felt the hope of an abundant harvest rekindle within him.
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.
Seeing the photo rekindled old memories in her.
Seeing the photo stirred up old memories in her.
Seeing the police officers, he ran away immediately.
Seeing the policeman, the man ran away.
Seeing the sceptical look on the girl's face, he fell silent.
Seeing the skeptical look on Tom's face, Mary quit talking.
Seeing the snow fall outside his window always brought on a sense of nostalgia for William's childhood winters spent playing in the snow.
Seeing the son of a whore throwing rocks at a crowd, he said: "Be careful, you could hit your father."
Seeing the woman with the yellow hat reminded me of a story.
Seeing the worst in everything doesn't make you smart.
Seeing them broke my heart.
Seeing these islands from the airplane, we thought that they were really beautiful.
Seeing things differently is completely natural.
Seeing things in a new light is part of being human.
Seeing this scene, I couldn’t help but sigh.
Seeing this, he got to his feet and left.
Seeing those tasks, I did not feel the burden.
Seeing what you have in your suitcases, I guess that you're planning on a long stay.
Seeing what you have in your suitcases, I guess that you're planning on staying a long time.
Seeing what you have in your suitcases, I guess you're planning on a long stay.
Seeing you I remember your father.
Seeing you always makes me think about my father.
Seeing you go is not an experience I want to repeat.
Seeing you here is nice.
Seeing you is a rare treat.
Seeing you smile makes me happy.
Seeing your smile makes me happy.
Seeing yourself getting older can be so disheartening for your own soul.
Seeing yourself getting older can be such a hard pill to swallow.
Seeing, saith he, I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord: What if twenty be found there? He said: I will not destroy it for the sake of twenty.
Seek accredited training programs.
Seek after me.
Seek and ye shall find.
Seek and you shall find!
Seek and you shall find, what is unsought will go undetected.
Seek and you shall find.
Seek help from a professional.
Seek her advice and that of your kin.
Seek opportunities for professional growth and continuous learning to stay competitive in the job market.
Seek out other ways of tackling your problems.
Seek peace and pursue it.
Seek professional help.
Seek shelter in a fortified, windowless room, preferably underground.
Seek solitude.
Seek some professional advice.
Seek the truth.
Seek truth from facts.
Seek your truth inside you, not in the outside world.
Seek, and you will find.
Seekers of truth do not have an easy time in any culture in the world.
Seeking a challenge, Mary set about translating Tom's sentences – a difficult task at the best of times – into Old Church Slavonic.
Seeking assistance from charities seemed his last resort.
Seeking asylum is a human right.
Seeking it.
Seeking knowledge is a lifelong journey.
Seemingly impossible things sometimes happen.
Seemingly, I have not clearly explained myself.
Seems I have fever.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
Seems I'm the only one.
Seems I’m not alone in being alone.
Seems good to me.
Seems like I did a little too much shopping.
Seems like I'm just playing gooseberry here. I should go.
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
Seems like I’m just playing gooseberry here. I should go.
Seems like I’m the third wheel here. I should go.
Seems like every problem we manage to solve requires a greater genius to correct the damage the solution had caused.
Seems like rain is about to fall down.
Seems like something's wrong with the phone.
Seems like the cat had gotten wind of a rat.
Seems like there are too many Turkish trolls on Tatoeba.
Seems like we do know each other.
Seems like you're pretty generous with tips.
Seems like you've got time to spare, don't you?
Seems so to me.
Seems that the well dried up.
Seems there's no one in.
Seems to me he found it by accident.
Seems to me like you need to drink a little coffee.
Seems to me that I know you. I think we've met before.
Seems to me that your opinion is right.
Seems unlikely that that'll work.
Seems we've got a rebel in our midst, eh?
Seems you don't know as much about us as you thought.
Seems your actions have earned you an enemy.
Seen against the sky, the mountain looked really beautiful.
Seen any movies lately?
Seen at a distance, she looked like a woman of about fifty.
Seen at a distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a human face.
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a squatting human figure.
Seen at a distance, the two look alike.
Seen at a distance, the two looked alike.
Seen close-up, things have a way of showing their defects, their innate ugliness.
Seen from Earth, Mercury is always low to the horizon.
Seen from Mars, Earth would look just like another star.
Seen from a distance, he looks much younger than he really is.
Seen from a distance, it looked like a human face.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a ball.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a man.
Seen from a distance, she's a beauty.
Seen from a distance, she’s a beauty.
Seen from a distance, that rock looks like a human face.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
Seen from a distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Seen from a distance, the rock looked like an old castle.
Seen from a distance, the stone looks like a human face.
Seen from a distance, this mountain looks like Mt. Fuji.
Seen from a plane, that island is very beautiful.
Seen from a spacecraft, the earth looks blue.
Seen from a spaceship, the Earth looks blue.
Seen from above, people look like ants.
Seen from afar, the Earth is a blue ball.
Seen from afar, the hill resembled an elephant.
Seen from an aeroplane, the island looks like a huge spider.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a huge spider.
Seen from distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Seen from space, Earth seems relatively small.
Seen from space, the earth is very beautiful.
Seen from space, the watery Earth looks like a blue planet with small wisps of white clouds.
Seen from the Moon, Earth resembles a ball.
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.
Seen from the plane, the island looks very beautiful.
Seen from the plane, the islands were very pretty.
Seen from the sky, the bridge appears more beautiful.
Seen from the sky, the island was very beautiful.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
Seen from the top of the hill, the island is very beautiful.
Seen from this point of view, it makes no difference.
Seen in broad daylight, the leader of the flock is nothing more than a sheep.
Seen through a telescope, the planets take on a completely new appearance.
Sega has closed due to lack of business.
Sega used to make video game consoles a long time ago.
Segment code uses a lot of iteration and generates random numbers. It would be tricky to do these computing processes manually.
Segregation of employees on the grounds of race is also unlawful.
Seicho Matsumoto died in 1992.
Seicho Matumoto died in 1992.
Seicho Matumoto passed away in 1992.
Seiji Toda told Japan’s TBS television he was shocked and felt helpless when he saw that his restaurant in Hiroshima had been destroyed by a landslide.
Seika came into the room pushing a small cart with a pot and a tea set resting on it.
Seiko accepted his dinner invitation.
Seiko doesn't have sisters.
Seiko doesn’t have sisters.
Seiko has no sisters.
Seitan is a lifesaver.
Seitan is divine.
Seitan is spongy.
Seitan is the Satan of celiac patients.
Seitan saves lives.
Seize her.
Seize him!
Seize him.
Seize the day!
Seize the day.
Seize the moment!
Seize the moment.
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
Seize the opportunity that Tom has given you.
Seize the opportunity.
Seize this brigand! Prevent him from escaping!
Seized by a fit of panic, he began to bang the wall with his fists.
Seizing the opportunity, my uncle married the young widow, my mother, and proclaimed himself king.
Seizures begin in one hemisphere and continue into the other hemisphere.
Seizures that occur during the course of a high fever, known as febrile seizures, affect 3 to 4 percent of all children.
Seki is a sort of symbiosis where two live groups share liberties which neither of them can fill without dying.
Sekkura is a qualified chef.
Sekkura is a svelte woman.
Sekkura is irritated whenever Megduda sits next to her.
Sekkura is our married woman who visits us every Eid.
Sekkura owes me 5000 DA.
Sekoura is Yanni's sister.
Selbewongel remains fearful of spreading the disease to her daughter — 17-year-old Hanan Mustefa, a high school junior — so she continues to wear a facemask and gloves.
Seldom did he visit there.
Seldom do I forget my keys.
Seldom do I see him.
Seldom do chances like this come along.
Seldom do opportunities like this arise.
Seldom do second chances come around.
Seldom do we find such opportunities.
Seldom do we see such determination.
Seldom does a loan come home laughing.
Seldom does he get angry.
Seldom had they seen such courage.
Seldom had they seen such generosity.
Seldom have human beings experienced such a disaster.
Select a character class.
Select a character.
Select a file.
Select a species.
Select a text file.
Select action for Chris.
Select all contiguous sectors.
Select all objects on this page for an action.
Select an alignment.
Select an image from your computer.
Select enough large apples to fill a pudding dish.
Select the correct answer!
Select the graft point after imagining how the branches will extend and fruit grow.
Select the statements which are observations rather than inferences.
Select the verbs in this text.
Select your character's race by clicking on the Race drop-down menu.
Select your character.
Selecting a college or university from the thousands in the U.S. can be mind-boggling.
Selena Gomez and the Scene also had good luck with their first album, "Kiss and Tell." It has sold more than a million copies around the world.
Selena Gomez grew up in Grand Prairie, Texas.
Selena Gomez has just released her second album.
Selena Gomez is of Mexican and Italian ancestry.
Selena Gomez was named after the Tejano singer Selena.
Selena Gomez's second album hit Billboard Magazine's top two hundred albums chart at number four.
Selena Gomez’s second album hit Billboard Magazine’s top two hundred albums chart at number four.
Selena doesn't speak any English.
Selene is the goddess of the moon.
Self confidence is the key to success.
Self-acceptance is the basis of an authentic life.
Self-advertisement is wrong.
Self-advertising is the only way your videos will ever be popular.
Self-approval is seldom well placed.
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.
Self-awareness means you recognize both your good points and bad points. A person who is self-aware understands that what they say and do affects the people around them.
Self-care helps recharge your spirit.
Self-care helps you be the best version of yourself.
Self-care helps you recharge your energy.
Self-care is a form of respect for yourself.
Self-care is about showing yourself kindness.
Self-care is an act of self-love.
Self-care is essential for mental and physical well-being.
Self-care nourishes both body and mind.
Self-care should never be an afterthought.
Self-centered people like to devalue others.
Self-centered people tend to have fixated views even if they're not valid.
Self-chiropractice. Try it. It's free.
Self-confidence is the principal element of any great endeavor.
Self-defense is important.
Self-defense is vital.
Self-defense isn't banned.
Self-dependence is a good skill.
Self-dependence is important for personal growth.
Self-dependence is important in life.
Self-dependence means not always needing others.
Self-dependence means relying on yourself instead of others.
Self-diagnosing rarely works.
Self-diagnosis can be dangerous.
Self-discovery is a journey, not a destination.
Self-driving cars are the future.
Self-driving cars drive themselves.
Self-efficacy is the measure of the belief in one's own ability to complete tasks and reach goals.
Self-esteem is necessary to move forward in life.
Self-flagellation is pointless.
Self-flagellation is unproductive.
Self-government for the Solomon Islands came in 1976 and independence two years later.
Self-harm is difficult to understand if you've never felt the need to practice it.
Self-harm is not in his vocabulary.
Self-harm is often regarded as an indicator of insanity.
Self-healing plastic could be used in a number of ways, White said. For example, it could be used as a protective coating on metal.
Self-help books are very popular in America.
Self-help books only help the people who sell them.
Self-help books only help those that sell them.
Self-help is the best help.
Self-improvement begins with awareness.
Self-improvement enhances personal growth.
Self-improvement is a continuous process.
Self-improvement is a journey of self-discovery.
Self-improvement is a lifelong journey.
Self-improvement is the greatest investment.
Self-improvement is the key to unlocking potential.
Self-improvement is the path to success.
Self-improvement leads to deeper self-awareness.
Self-improvement leads to inner peace.
Self-improvement strengthens the soul.
Self-inflating camping mats are very convenient.
Self-isolating may be hard for many younger people who are already disappointed that they're going back to their parents' houses instead of their universities.
Self-love is blind.
Self-pity won't help you.
Self-praise is no recommendation.
Self-publishing is a way to talk to the public.
Self-publishing is much easier now in the age of the Web.
Self-publishing may be an attractive option.
Self-reference this!
Self-righteousness is one of the most off-putting human qualities.
Selfie sticks are banned in many museums and galleries.
Selfie sticks are not allowed in this museum.
Selfish means devoid of consideration for the selfishness of others.
Selfishness is an essential part of his character.
Selflessness is the best thing you can do for yourself.
Sell at home, buy at the market.
Sell crazy someplace else. We're all stocked up here.
Sell him some butter.
Sell it and buy a new one.
Sell it to Tom.
Sell it to him.
Sell it to me!
Sell it to the highest bidder.
Sell it!
Sell me this car.
Sell me this pen.
Sell the diamonds.
Sell the land.
Sell the sizzle and not the steak.
Sell wine?
Sell your shares now before it’s too late.
Sell your stuff.
Sell!
Sella also brought forth Tubalcain, who was a hammerer and artificer in every work of brass and iron. And the sister of Tubalcain was Noema.
Sellers and buyers are anonymous and very hard to recognize.
Selling cars is my business.
Selling cars is my job.
Selling cigarettes shouldn't be allowed.
Selling motorcars is my business.
Selling newspapers isn't easy.
Selling products sometimes requires having a stroke of genius.
Selling unnecessary stuff is fraudulent and immoral.
Selling your old car for scrap might be a good way to make a bit of cash.
Sellotape is a useful tool for every arts and crafts hobbyist.
Semantic equivalence is protean as well as fuzzy: what hoi polloi find equivalent may to cognoscenti be quite distinct.
Semantics is a science of meanings.
Semen is worth bottling.
Semi-finished products are products that are partially processed.
Semi-skimmed milk has a fat level between whole and skim milk.
Semicolons are underused.
Semiconductors were the top United States export to South Korea.
Semis are allowed to drive in Algiers with proper permits.
Semis keep the economy moving.
Semisolid snow that will barely hold a person, coarse snow with a hard, rugged crust and light, fluffy lying snow. There are Sami words for these and hundreds more types of snow.
Senator Dole was a hero during World War Two.
Senator Glenn and his wife, Annie, have two children and two grandchildren.
Senator Hoar spoke strongly against the treaty.
Senator Jackson carefully cultivates the image of a maverick, but he toes the party line more often than not.
Senator Jackson has an office in Boston.
Senator Kerry was considered a liberal.
Senator Tom Jackson advised the President of the plot to assassinate him.
Senator Tom Jackson was opposed to conscription.
Senator Tom Jackson was put under house arrest.
Senators are greenlighting billions of dollars for Ukraine.
Senators drafted a resolution.
Senators made a decision.
Send Mary a lovely postcard.
Send Tom a message.
Send Tom a note.
Send Tom away.
Send Tom down.
Send Tom home.
Send Tom home. We don't need him here.
Send Tom in, please.
Send Tom in.
Send Tom my best.
Send Tom my love.
Send Tom over.
Send Tom there.
Send Tom to Boston.
Send Tom to me.
Send Tom up.
Send Tom upstairs.
Send a beautiful postcard to Mary.
Send a copy of the report to me.
Send a letter to this address.
Send a link to the repo, please.
Send a message to Tom.
Send a photo.
Send a registered letter to be sure that it will reach its addressee.
Send a repairman immediately.
Send a telegram!
Send a wire to your father right now.
Send email to X.
Send for a doctor at once.
Send for a doctor.
Send for the baggage immediately.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient will get worse.
Send for the doctor at once.
Send for the doctor!
Send for the doctor.
Send her a message.
Send her a prayer and God Bless you all.
Send her away.
Send her down.
Send her home.
Send her in, and I will see her now.
Send her in, please.
Send her in.
Send her my love.
Send her my regards.
Send her over.
Send her to me.
Send her up.
Send him a message.
Send him away.
Send him down.
Send him home.
Send him in, please.
Send him in.
Send him my love.
Send him over.
Send him to me!
Send him to me.
Send him up.
Send him upstairs.
Send in something to eat or I'll kill a hostage.
Send it airmail.
Send it back.
Send it by airmail.
Send it by email.
Send it by mail.
Send it by post and I'll get it in a day or two.
Send it by post.
Send it in duplicate.
Send it to Tom.
Send it to her.
Send it to him.
Send it to human resources and to the head of finance.
Send it to me as a compressed file.
Send it to me now.
Send it to me when you have time.
Send it to me.
Send it to my e-mail.
Send it to my email.
Send it to the address I gave you.
Send it!
Send me Tom's address.
Send me Tom's number.
Send me a bill.
Send me a copy of the report.
Send me a copy.
Send me a friend request.
Send me a letter when you arrive.
Send me a message as soon as you arrive.
Send me a message as soon as you get there.
Send me a message as soon as you've arrived.
Send me a message if you find something.
Send me a message or give me a call if you're interested.
Send me a message.
Send me a new catalog.
Send me a new catalogue.
Send me a picture of yourself.
Send me a picture.
Send me a postcard!
Send me a postcard.
Send me a racket and my tennis shoes.
Send me all your questions and I'll try to answer them.
Send me all your questions.
Send me an angel!
Send me an invitation to chat on Messenger.
Send me her number.
Send me photos.
Send me pictures of yourselves.
Send me some money.
Send me some pictures.
Send me some!
Send me somebody right away.
Send me the account.
Send me the address.
Send me the amount by money order.
Send me the best employees that money can buy. Money is no object.
Send me the bill.
Send me the link.
Send me the new catalog.
Send me the photos.
Send me the text you want to translate.
Send me the tracking number, please.
Send me there.
Send me towards home.
Send me your changes.
Send me your new address by email.
Send me your picture.
Send me your position.
Send me yours.
Send me.
Send more teachers like Ziri.
Send my best wishes to your family.
Send my greetings to your wife.
Send my regards to him.
Send my regards to them.
Send my regards to your dad.
Send nudes.
Send one of you to fetch him: and you shall be in prison, till what you have said be proved, whether it be true or false: or else by the health of Pharaoh you are spies.
Send pics.
Send reinforcements!
Send reinforcements.
Send something from there.
Send text message to X.
Send that message.
Send that newspaper to him.
Send that to Tom.
Send the address to Mary.
Send the bill to me.
Send the bill to my house.
Send the box to me right now.
Send the envelope by courier next time.
Send the kids to bed.
Send the letter airmail.
Send the letter by special delivery, because that's the only way it'll arrive on time.
Send the letter by special delivery.
Send the letter through registered post in order to be sure that it reaches its goal.
Send the package to me at this address.
Send the package to me care of Miss E Book.
Send the package to this address.
Send the photos by post!
Send the telegram at once.
Send them a letter.
Send them a message from your phone.
Send them a thank-you note for their hospitality.
Send them away.
Send them down.
Send them home.
Send them in, please.
Send them letters.
Send them my love.
Send them over.
Send them to me.
Send them up.
Send therefore now presently, and gather together thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for men and beasts, and all things that shall be found abroad, and not gathered together out of the fields which the hail shall fall upon, shall die.
Send this box to this address, please.
Send this by airmail.
Send this by sea mail.
Send this by special delivery.
Send this letter by air.
Send this message to as many people as you can.
Send this parcel to him in care of his company.
Send this video to your friends, and if they don't respond within thirty seconds, they have to buy you a whole box of cookies.
Send us a copy.
Send us a letter.
Send us a message.
Send us a telegram when you arrive.
Send us lots of pictures!
Send us more stuff.
Send us the bill.
Send us the photos.
Send us what you want to translate.
Send us your detailed CV at [e-mail].
Send us your ideas.
Send us your photos.
Send us your reaction.
Send us your shadows!
Send us your videos with your name and age to PO Box 4413.
Send your baggage in advance.
Send your friends a photo of the license plate of the car you are getting into.
Send your friends a photo of the number plate of the car you are getting into.
Sendak is most known for authoring and illustrating the classic children’s book, Where the Wild Things Are, which was published in 1963.
Sending manuscript after manuscript paid off. A magazine finally published my work.
Sending money is much easier in Algeria.
Sending people to Mars is really complicated.
Sending people with mental health conditions off to state hospitals was always a bad idea.
Sending year-end gifts is one of the customs peculiar to Japan.
Seneca (epistol. lxxxvi.) compares the baths of Scipio Africanus, at his villa of Liternum, with the magnificence (which was continually increasing) of the public baths of Rome, long before the stately Thermae of Antoninus and Diocletian were erected.
Seneca admonished us: "It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult."
Seneca was a hypocrite who didn't live according to the principles that he preached.
Seneca was always a little touchy about Cornutus's style, and he was now thoroughly angry, for he was not accustomed to be thus bluntly addressed by one so immeasurably beneath him in rank.
Seneca's writings are wonderful.
Senegal gained its independence in the year 1960.
Senegal is in Africa and Algeria is in Africa, too.
Senegal's Saloum Delta region is an egregious example of how rising sea levels caused by global warming endanger coastal communities around the world.
Senegal, whose main source of foreign income comes from peanuts, relies heavily on the world markets.
Senescence is the last stage of life.
Senior Hamas official Fathi Hammad called for the murder of Jews in the Diaspora in 2019. Hamas's public relations department distanced itself from the remarks, but Hammad did not lose his position of power even temporarily, nor was he sanctioned in any way.
Senior citizens fall in love, too.
Senior executives spend a lot of time training their subordinates.
Senior officers, such as the commandant (major), lieutenant colonel, and colonel, hold key responsibilities within operational units.
Senior students have access to the library at weekends.
Seniors do not pay the ticket price.
Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.
Seniors' discount day at the drugstore always draws a crowd.
Senolytic molecules might one day reduce the effects of aging.
Senor Smith was announced as the new president.
Senpai, would you buy me some soft ice cream?
Sensational pictures! Do you create these photomontages yourself?
Sensing danger, Tom stopped.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
Sensing danger, he tensed up.
Sensitized consumers seek orientation.
Sensor-packed robots are changing how movies and commercials are made.
Sensors for motorized awnings can be bought here.
Sent from my iPhone.
Sentence # 3066511 in Tatoeba is sentence # 10000 in interlingua.
Sentence #2416352 is my first ever contribution in Tatoeba.
Sentence Number 888,888 will bring its owner years of happiness.
Sentence Number 888,888 will bring its owner years upon years of luck.
Sentence changed according to the suggestion.
Sentence is the word that begins and ends this sentence.
Sentence mining is all the rage now when it comes to language learning.
Sentence mixing is funny.
Sentenced to death.
Sentences
Sentences added by a native speaker are more trustworthy than those added by a non-native speaker. This doesn't mean that non-native speakers are always wrong and that native speakers are always correct. However, it is easier to trust that a native speaker's sentences are likely to be correct, so a wise language learner or researcher would rather have those.
Sentences allow us to understand the meaning of text.
Sentences are being added to Tatoeba at a phenomenal rate.
Sentences are flying around the room, but I can't capture one.
Sentences are made up of words.
Sentences are true if you are truthful. Truth cannot be found if you are crooked.
Sentences begin with a capital letter.
Sentences bring context to the words. Sentences have personalities. They can be funny, smart, silly, insightful, touching, hurtful.
Sentences bring context to words; sentences have personalities. They can be funny, smart, silly, insightful, touching or hurtful, and sentences can teach us a lot more than just words. So we love sentences, but we love languages even more.
Sentences can teach us a lot. And a lot more than just words.
Sentences can teach us a lot. Much more than just words.
Sentences need their sleep too.
Sentences of the world, unite!
Sentences on Tatoeba are like microbes. There are useful ones, but there are also harmful ones.
Sentences past this ID are sentences added by contributors of Tatoeba Project.
Sentences referring to sexual matters tend to be considered vulgar on Tatoeba.
Sentences that are not translated defy the purpose of Tatoeba.
Sentencing has been set for October 20th.
Sentencing is scheduled for Monday.
Sentient beings include humans and animals.
Sentient beings throughout the Galactic Empire could send telepathic messages across vast distances.
Seoul has 2 international airports.
Seoul is a city in South Korea.
Seoul is circulating the idea of normalizing Washington-Pyongyang ties even before North Korea takes a potential step toward denuclearization, but experts said the notion is likely to be rejected by the U.S. as well as North Korea.
Seoul is the capital of South Korea.
Separate all of the edge pieces.
Separate it.
Separate the remaining pieces by color.
Separate the yolk from the egg.
Separate the yolks from the whites without breaking the yolks.
Separate your opponent's stones.
Separate your wants from your needs.
Separate yourself from me.
Separated from her, he was feeling quite defenseless and lost.
Separating the rubbish is no small matter.
Separation causes suffering.
Separatism and takfirism have no future in Algeria.
Separatism has no future in our country.
Separatism has no future whatsoever in our region.
Separatism is almost unheard of in Algeria.
Separatism is widely rejected in Kabylie.
Separatism won't lead you anywhere.
Seperate the yolks from the whites before whisking the eggs.
Sepharad was the Medieval Hebrew term for Spain, and remains the Modern Hebrew term for the country.
Sephardic and Ashkenazic Jews have somewhat different views of demons.
Sephardic pronunciation was chosen as the preferred pronunciation of the members of the enlightenment movement.
September 10 is World Suicide Prevention Day.
September 11 is my favorite day of the year.
September 19th is International Talk Like a Pirate Day.
September eleventh is my birthday.
September in Scotland can be very warm.
September is the first month of the school year in Israel.
September is the ninth month of the year.
September the seventh is Tom's birthday.
September used to be the seventh month.
Sequestered in a three-bedroom apartment, they are experiencing moderate symptoms so far: upset stomach, headaches, shortness of breath and dry coughs.
Sequoias grow over 90 meters tall, their trunks are up to 15 meters wide and some of them are more than 3,000 years old.
Sequoyah started making the Cherokee syllabary around 1809.
Serbia and Kosovo signed an economic normalization agreement.
Serbia borders Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Bosnia, and Montenegro.
Serbia doesn't recognize Kosovo as a sovereign equal.
Serbia is a country on the Balkan Peninsula.
Serbia is called "Srbija" in Serbian.
Serbia is now surrounded by a sea of NATO members.
Serbia is organizing a derecognition campaign against Kosovo.
Serbian is a very beautiful language.
Serbian trains are terribly slow.
Serbians and Brazilians really like soccer.
Serbs and Greeks hate Albanians.
Serendipity is the ability to make, accidentally, happy and unexpected discoveries.
Serenely I take my first step towards eternity and leave life to enter history.
Serfdom in Russia was only abolished in 1861.
Sergeant Dan Anderson ordered a barricade erected around the police station.
Sergeant Jackson called for reinforcements.
Sergeant Jackson has called for reinforcements.
Sergeant Jim Smith was given a green light to carry on his torture.
Sergeant, try to keep a lid on the situation until we can get more police down there.
Sergei Korolev died in 1966.
Sergei Pavlovich Korolev was born in 1906 in the Ukraine, then a part of Russia.
Sergei Pavlovich Korolev was the lead Soviet rocket engineer during the Space Race.
Sergei and Jack are my best friends, but they don't really like each other.
Sergey Karjakin became, at 12 years and 7 months old, the youngest player in the history of chess to win the title of Grand Master.
Sergey Lavrov speaks English very well.
Sergey didn't come, although he promised he would.
Sergey didn't come, even though he had promised he would.
Sergey didn't come, even though he promised he would.
Sergey knitted Vera a sweater.
Sergey knitted a sweater for Vera.
Sergio Garcia, a Spanish golfer, broke his putter over his knee on Friday after taking 32 putts in the second round of the Players' Championship.
Sergio has been here for a week.
Sergipe is a Brazilian state located in the Northeast.
Series are best watched after all seasons have been filmed.
Serif fonts are prettier, but sans-serif fonts are easier to read.
Serious calamities struck him his whole life.
Serious cases may require hospitalization.
Serious enquiries only, please.
Serious girls don't exist anymore.
Serious illnesses call for emergency care.
Serious inquiries only, please.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me laugh so hard I almost cried.
Seriously, I could never understand how much of a meme is lisp. It looks a bit like intentional gibberish compared to other programming languages.
Seriously, I postulate that I am, right after my ex-girlfriend leaves my house, going to talk to myself in Lojban.
Seriously, I would love to be able to help you.
Seriously, I'm really scared of the dark.
Seriously, I’m not lying.
Seriously, Miro? You can't even look me in the eye when we cross paths on the street?
Seriously, Tom, you need a hobby.
Seriously, Tom. We're just friends.
Seriously, Ziri, grow up.
Seriously, all this homework is getting on my nerves.
Seriously, don't be a stranger.
Seriously, don't make me fart on your soup.
Seriously, don’t be a stranger.
Seriously, everyone is interdependent, we all need each other.
Seriously, it's not a big deal.
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.
Seriously, many of them are not readable.
Seriously, people are so dumb.
Seriously, stay in touch.
Seriously, the Irish bar makes better steaks than the local award-winning BBQ place.
Seriously, there's something wrong with me, in my head.
Seriously, they should get rid of pennies.
Seriously, what are you planning to do?
Seriously, what are you trying to say?
Seriously, what's your problem?
Seriously, you are daft.
Seriously, you have to get started.
Seriously, you should go to the doctor for your headache.
Seriously, you're unbearable.
Seriously. I'm gay. Or bisexual, perhaps.
Seriously. We have to do something against it.
Seriously. We're going to have to do something about this.
Seriously?
Seriously? Are you trying to be stupid!
Seriously? Have you lost your mind?
Seriously? I haven't noticed.
Seriously? Is Esperanto useful for anything?
Seriously? That seems stupid.
Seriously? You'll marry me?
Seriously?!
Serpentine is a greenish rock, a silicate of magnesia, in which there is sometimes from 30 to 40 per cent of magnesia.
Serpents have had a bad rap ever since the Garden of Eden.
Serra Negra do Norte is a town in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Servan and his family have deep ties to their land, which they have been cultivating for 120 years.
Servants carried boxes of gold coins behind Tom and threw them to the people.
Serve Tom something to eat.
Serve cold with cream or lemon sauce.
Serve cold with cream.
Serve dinner.
Serve either hot or cold with cream.
Serve hot or cold with cream, ice cream, or custard sauce.
Serve hot with cream or hard sauce.
Serve hot with whipped cream.
Serve me water to drink.
Serve others first.
Serve some juice to Tom.
Serve tea.
Serve the coffee now, please.
Serve the coffee, please.
Serve the fish on that platter.
Serve the meal on a plate.
Serve this wine at room temperature.
Serve well chilled.
Serve with soy sauce, rice vinegar, or sherry.
Serve with vegetables and rice.
Serve with whipped cream.
Served you right!
Served?
Serves her right.
Serves him right.
Serves them right.
Serves you right!
Serves you right.
Service by friendship.
Service economy is a useful labor that does not produce a tangible commodity.
Service industries include communication, transportation, distribution, finance and a host of other areas which do not involve production of goods.
Service is required when the apparatus has been damaged in any way, such as power-supply cord or plug damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have fallen into the apparatus, this apparatus has been exposed to rain or moisture, does not operate normally, or has been dropped.
Service was spotty in the area.
Services are expensive here.
Services are relatively cheap in Algeria.
Services of better quality are in demand.
Serving in the special forces was exciting.
Serving is essentially awaiting orders.
Serving people is his sole purpose in life.
Set Tom free.
Set a diamond in a platinum mounting.
Set a goal.
Set a thief to catch a thief.
Set a timer for 20 minutes after inserting the pan in the oven.
Set achievable goals for yourself.
Set against the exotic and ultramodern backdrop of Singapore, the film rewards its audience with an uplifting modern day fairy tale.
Set and setting are important when doing psychedelics.
Set aside a specific time each day for homework to develop a routine.
Set aside time for self-reflection and self-care.
Set aside what you can.
Set attainable goals.
Set big goals for yourself!
Set boundaries and enforce them.
Set boundaries to protect your well-being.
Set boundaries.
Set cooking time for 1 minute 45 seconds.
Set down your bags. Unburden yourself.
Set goals and try to achieve them.
Set goals and work on achieving them.
Set goals for yourself and reward yourself after completing each task.
Set goals for yourself and reward yourself after completing your homework.
Set goals for yourself, like running a certain distance or doing a certain number of push-ups.
Set her free.
Set him free.
Set it down there.
Set it down.
Set it on its side overnight to let the water drain out.
Set learning goals for yourself.
Set me as a seal on thy heart, as a seal on thine arm, for strong as death is love, sharp as Sheol is jealousy.
Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death.
Set me as a seal upon thy heart, as a seal upon thine arm; for love is strong as death, jealousy is cruel as the grave.
Set me free!
Set me free.
Set my soul aflame, I like that, please go on!
Set my soul on fire, please go on!
Set off for one of our cheap hotels in Alsace and let the magic cast its spell on you!
Set off right now.
Set one goal at a time.
Set p as the frequency of occurrence of gene P in a population after one generation. If the number multiplied on p is greater than 1, then the numerical value of p tends to rise.
Set personal goals and achieve them.
Set realistic expectations for yourself and others.
Set sail!
Set some money apart for marrying.
Set some time aside to make new friends in our community.
Set specific goals to track your progress.
Set the CD player square with the front edge of the shelf, please.
Set the alarm clock for seven o'clock.
Set the alarm for six.
Set the cake out on the table.
Set the clock right.
Set the clock right. It's ten minutes fast.
Set the clock right. It’s ten minutes fast.
Set the countdown and run like hell.
Set the fire, I am cold.
Set the focus of the microscope.
Set the lamp on the table.
Set the table at once.
Set the table for lunch.
Set the table.
Set the time on the alarm.
Set them free.
Set theory was developed by Georg Cantor.
Set theory was invented by Georg Cantor.
Set this aside for me.
Set up a crossfire.
Set up a new website.
Set up attainable goals.
Set up each sensation for them.
Set up paper cups in the cupcake baking tray.
Set your bag down.
Set your clock back.
Set your luggage down.
Set your mind at ease.
Set your phasers on stun.
Set your timer.
Set your translation against the original once again.
Seth ate chocolate and I, peanut butter.
Setif is impeccably clean.
Setif is much cleaner than Algiers.
Setif is one of Algeria's cleanest cities.
Setif is one of the cleanest cities in Algeria.
Sets of all-identical quadruplets are rare - it is more likely a quadruplet set contains a mixture of fraternal and identical siblings.
Setsubun means "the day between two seasons."
Setting a cap on the number of example sentences a non-native speaker can contribute in English is a disrespectful affront to their intelligence.
Setting a cap on the number of example sentences a non-native speaker can provide in English dismisses their intelligence and underestimates the incredible dedication they demonstrate to improve the content of the website.
Setting a new record added luster to his name.
Setting a new record added to his fame.
Setting a wolf to guard the sheep.
Setting boundaries on the number of example sentences non-native English speakers can contribute undermines their intelligence.
Setting limits is imperative.
Setting up a website is not expensive.
Settings are really elaborate in gothic novel.
Settle down comfortably and listen.
Settle down for a moment! You are fighting all the time!
Settle down for a while and concentrate.
Settle down in town to drink coffee.
Settle down now!
Settle down!
Settle down, you two.
Settle down.
Settle the argument soon.
Settlers are now openly talking about the demolition of the Al-Aqsa Mosque.
Settlers were forced off their land.
Settlers, just like the government that represents them, are all racists, whether they like it or not.
Settling down and raising a family was against the ethos of the times.
Sevastopol is home to the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
Seven children died in a fire in Brooklyn.
Seven days of Saturday is all that I need.
Seven days shall you eat unleavened bread: in the first day there shall be no leaven in your houses; whosoever shall eat any thing leavened, from the first day until the seventh day, that soul shall perish out of Israel.
Seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be the solemnity of the Lord.
Seven days there shall not be found any leaven in your houses: he that shall eat leavened bread, his soul shall perish out of the assembly of Israel, whether he be a stranger or born in the land.
Seven dollars, please.
Seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk full and fair. Then seven other ears sprung up thin and blasted, and devoured all the beauty of the former.
Seven earthlike planets have been discovered orbiting a dwarf star about 40 light years away.
Seven earthlike planets have been discovered orbiting a star about 40 light years away.
Seven environmental and animal rights groups are suing the Trump administration for its regulations that would make drastic changes to the implementation of the Endangered Species Act.
Seven families were burned out by the fire.
Seven has always been my favorite number.
Seven has always been my favourite number.
Seven indispensable virtues in any country’s armed forces are loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honour, integrity and personal courage.
Seven is Tom's lucky number.
Seven is a good number.
Seven is a lucky number.
Seven is believed to be a lucky number.
Seven is said to be a lucky number.
Seven is sometimes considered a lucky number.
Seven isn't divisible by two.
Seven lucky dogs were chosen for the dog food commercial.
Seven minus four equals three.
Seven minus four is three.
Seven minus four make three.
Seven minus two is five.
Seven months ago, chefs from a Lebanese social enterprise named Souk el Tayeb began teaching the women new cooking skills, including such traditional dishes as samke harra — fish stuffed with pine nuts, coriander and chili sauce — and ma'amoul cookies.
Seven people on Tatoeba identify themselves as native Toki Pona speakers.
Seven people were injured when an elevated television camera fell to the ground in Rio's Olympic Park.
Seven percent of American Jewish households earn less than $15,000 per year.
Seven plus three equals ten.
Seven plus three is equal to ten.
Seven policemen died.
Seven policemen were killed.
Seven pupils are competing in a tennis tournament.
Seven thousand languages are spoken all over the world, and taken together, they comprise the largest collection of human knowledge that has ever existed.
Seven times seven is forty-nine.
Seven times three is twenty-one.
Seven times two is fourteen.
Seven to the fourth power equals two thousand four hundred one.
Seven vehicles were destroyed.
Seven vehicles were impounded.
Seven was her lucky number.
Seven years after his death, they discovered who was responsible.
Seven years had passed since he'd last seen her.
Seven-year old Marvin stopped school when a typhoon washed away his family’s house.
Seven?
Sevenfold vengeance shall be taken for Cain: but for Lamech seventy times sevenfold.
Seventeen men on the dead man's chest, yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!
Seventeen of the moons have a retrograde orbit, meaning they orbit in the opposite direction as Saturn and its other moons.
Seventeen people were killed in the mass shooting rampage.
Seventeen twenty-nine is the smallest number that's the sum of two cubes in two different ways.
Seventh game (12.04.2021). Another Spanish opening. Sixth tie. Nepomniachtchi (white) 3 - Carlsen (black) 4.
Seventy or eighty years is the normal span of a man's life.
Seventy or eighty years is the normal span of a man’s life.
Seventy percent is the lowest percentage of the population that scientists think needs to have immunity in order to stop the virus from spreading.
Seventy percent of British people cannot speak a second language.
Seventy percent of a fried egg is water.
Seventy percent of mayors say they are harassed or abused via social media.
Seventy percent of people in the UK cannot speak a second language.
Seventy percent of the British people don't speak a second language.
Seventy years ago something important happened in music history: the first LP, or long-playing vinyl record, was introduced.
Seventy years have passed since the liberation of Warsaw from the fascists.
Seventy-five divided by five is fifteen.
Seventy-five percent of the world's tornadoes occur in the US.
Seventy-five years ago this Friday, Nazi Germany surrendered to the Allies.
Seventy-one-year-old Union reenactor Leo Vaughan, who is African-American, said he has ancestors who fought in the Civil War, but on the Confederate side.
Seventy-three seconds after launch, Challenger exploded. All seven astronauts, including the first teacher in space, Christa McAuliffe, were killed.
Several Algerian civil servants were arrested for issuing false papers for corrupt businessmen.
Several American presidents have been assassinated.
Several American presidents were murdered.
Several American warships were sent to Panama.
Several Japanese soldiers drowned.
Several U.S. states are closing dine-in restaurants and bars, limiting the establishments to carry-out or delivery service, in an effort to stem the spread of coronavirus.
Several United Nations agencies are investing heavily in so-called financial inclusion programs, designed to bring financial services to the poor and make them less aid-dependent.
Several aftershocks followed the earthquake.
Several aliens managed to break into Damiano’s hideout.
Several animals escaped from the zoo.
Several apples fell from the tree.
Several apps have been developed from Bangladesh.
Several areas of the epidermis of the face show a peculiar yellowish discoloration.
Several attempts at separation failed.
Several balls in the evening round out the day.
Several big coal companies have closed recently and the Obama administration has stopped issuing new coal mining leases on public lands.
Several birds were flying in the air.
Several black kites flew in circles in the sky, waiting for an opportunity to dive.
Several bodies were discovered.
Several bodies were found buried in the debris.
Several bolts are missing.
Several boys had to leave school early yesterday.
Several boys were playing guitars on the top deck of the ferry.
Several boys were playing with toy swords.
Several bridges have been damaged or swept away.
Several buckets were scattered around the apartment.
Several buckets were scattered around the floor.
Several buckets were scattered around the house.
Several buildings near here have been torn down recently.
Several buildings were destroyed.
Several buildings were on fire.
Several businesses have been renationalized.
Several candles were burning.
Several cathedrals were once mosques.
Several children are being held hostage.
Several children are playing in the sand.
Several children are playing on the beach.
Several children are playing on the sandy beach.
Several children were huddled around the fire.
Several children were playing near the pond.
Several civilians were gunned down by mercenaries.
Several commuters were stranded.
Several companies are competing for the contract.
Several companies are competing to gain the contract.
Several companies currently produce cosmetic products containing extracts of animal placenta.
Several competing firms are vying for attention.
Several complaints have already been made against them.
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.
Several councils of school administrators have agreed to increase class sizes.
Several days have passed.
Several decades of prosperity followed.
Several deer crossed the road.
Several delegates disagreed.
Several dogs died in the fire.
Several dozen cases of coronavirus have been reported so far in France.
Several dozen mountaineers die each year in the Austrian Alps.
Several dozen people were arrested.
Several dozen people were injured in the terrible accident.
Several dozen people were injured.
Several dozen people were killed.
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.
Several efforts have been made to revive Latin.
Several emojis are being widely used during the COVID-19 pandemic: 🦠🌡🧼🤧😷🤒🤧🤮.
Several events have been canceled.
Several events have been postponed.
Several events have been suspended.
Several ex-Algerian officials are facing charges for abusive power.
Several ex-Algerian officials are facing charges for corruption and money laundering.
Several exoplanets were discovered today.
Several experts had made such assumptions.
Several experts have praised this new medical tool to examine patients. They say it shows the small intestine better than X-rays or a method called endoscopy. Endoscopy uses a long thin tube with a small camera on the end. Doctors place the tube down a patient’s throat all the way to the small intestine. The camera looks for growths or other problems. But endoscopes cannot reach all the way through the six meters of the small intestine. Endoscopy also requires medicine to ease pain or to put the patient to sleep. This examination must be done in a hospital.
Several factors operated to help prices go up.
Several famous people are buried in this cemetery.
Several famous people are buried in this graveyard.
Several fishermen were arrested.
Several flights have been canceled.
Several flights were delayed due to an earthquake.
Several gardeners look after the azaleas in the park.
Several girls are standing beside the gate.
Several grants are available.
Several guys I recognized from school were standing in front of the library.
Several guys that I recognized from school were standing in front of the library.
Several guys were hanging around in front of the bar.
Several handsome young men were talking to Mary and her friends.
Several heavy stones were hurled from the mouldering battlements into the roaring sea beneath.
Several houses in the area were set on fire.
Several houses were carried away by the great flood.
Several houses were damaged in the last storm.
Several houses were washed away by the flood.
Several hundred men were packed into the boat.
Several hundred years ago, scarlet fever epidemics killed thousands of people throughout the continent.
Several illegal immigrants were found dead not far from the border crossing.
Several important decisions were made in yesterday's meeting, so we have to put them into practice promptly.
Several injuries have been reported.
Several insurgent flautists attacked our armored column with Jethro Tull covers and rocket propelled grenades.
Several jackals were ripped in half.
Several journalists were killed.
Several koalas have been rescued from the fires.
Several koalas have been rescued, burned and dehydrated, from the fires.
Several large families of Indians encamped under the shade of large oaks on the prairie, the boughs of the latter being their only covering.
Several lights on the console started flashing.
Several literary works have appeared in Interlingua, among them a translation of William Shakespeare's Hamlet and several novels by Luigi Pirandello, and the publication rate of literary works in Interlingua is continually on the rise.
Several measurements show high radon levels in this area.
Several members of the rescue team died trying to rescue Tom.
Several men are fishing from the riverbank.
Several men got angry with Tom in the bar and Tom told them he wasn't afraid to take them on.
Several men kidnapped Tom.
Several mice are eating cheese.
Several militants were killed.
Several million people gathered in Rio de Janeiro for a massive celebration featuring fireworks and music on Brazil’s famous Copacabana beach.
Several minutes later, the telephone rang.
Several months have passed.
Several more companies are moving to enter the lucrative pet food market of the country.
Several more people boarded at the last bus stop but one.
Several more people got on at the penultimate bus stop.
Several new activities are scheduled.
Several newspapers published the story.
Several nights a year, they meet to observe important dates on the Pagan calendar, such as the seasonal equinoxes.
Several of Germany's nuclear power stations are reducing energy output because rivers used to cool the power plants are too warm.
Several of John's friends have come over.
Several of Tom's ancestors were pirates.
Several of Tom's friends are in prison.
Several of Tom's teeth are missing.
Several of his friends lost their lives in the previous war.
Several of my colleagues are from Australia.
Several of my friends are studying abroad.
Several of my friends have been to Japan this year.
Several of the Transhumanist Movement are demonstrating in front of the government building.
Several of the birds had gone so far as to accept morsels of food from the friendly hands of the Claytons.
Several of the comments on the news article were thought provoking.
Several of the demonstrators were killed.
Several of the original signatories, notably the countries with the largest military forces, declined to consider a new treaty.
Several of the reports were missing.
Several of the store owners were shooting at looters.
Several of the teachers offered to work for free.
Several of the women gasped and crossed themselves.
Several of them are opposed to the bill.
Several of us were asked to do that.
Several old buildings were torn down in Algiers.
Several old ladies were in the park with their little yappy dogs.
Several other companies are working on similar projects.
Several other governments, including Britain, Canada, Australia and Hong Kong, are also making plans to evacuate their citizens from Yokohama.
Several other groups are working on low-cost ventilators.
Several other herbs also showed strong antioxidant activity. They include bay and dill. However, their strength was about one-half to one-third as strong as that of the three kinds of oregano. Generally, the herbs used as medicines were low in antioxidant activity. The scientists say this suggests that any health effects from such herbs resulted mostly from other actions in the body.
Several other pandemic-related words were also in the running such as “social distancing” and “coronavirus,” but lockdown won out in the end.
Several other people were injured.
Several other people were wounded.
Several other workers were injured.
Several others were seriously wounded.
Several paddleboarders were swept out to sea in wild weather, and had to be rescued by the coast guard.
Several parents in the room were bottle feeding their babies.
Several participants were from other countries.
Several party leaders met in private.
Several passengers on the train were injured in the accident.
Several pedestrians were slightly wounded.
Several people are already waiting.
Several people are rich in money and poor in purse - by his wife.
Several people are sleeping in the next room.
Several people came to Mary's aid when she fell in the street.
Several people came to Tom's aid when a couple of muggers attacked him.
Several people drowned, but many made it to shore.
Several people drowned.
Several people got injured, but Tom wasn't one of them.
Several people have been accused of breaking the law.
Several people have noticed this problem.
Several people have seen it.
Several people in our office can speak French.
Several people in the audience laughed quietly.
Several people lay wounded.
Several people plan to go to Boston with us.
Several people saw it.
Several people saw you.
Several people stopped to watch.
Several people tried to break through the cordon.
Several people tried to break through the perimeter.
Several people went to Tom's aid when he fell in the street.
Several people were arrested.
Several people were injured.
Several people were killed.
Several people were standing in front of the notice.
Several plans were proposed.
Several plants are commonly considered culinary vegetables despite being botanical fruits.
Several politicians exerted strong pressure on the committee.
Several precious stones are a form of corundum.
Several price rises put the company at a disadvantage.
Several price rises put the company in a disadvantageous position.
Several price rises put the company in an unfavourable situation.
Several primeval vases stand in this room.
Several pro-Russian journalists were harassed and fired.
Several problems still remain.
Several processes for making soap have been invented over the course of history.
Several proposals have been considered.
Several protesters were hurt.
Several races live together in America.
Several recent outbreaks of salmonella are a cause for concern to health authorites.
Several recent studies published in The New England Journal of Medicine suggest that meat produced without antibiotics is healthier, not just for people with allergies, but for everyone, because it fights the spread of antibiotic resistant bacteria. The studies say that commercially raised meat exacerbates the resistance problem in two ways. First, it contributes to the overuse of antibiotics in humans, since people ingest what the livestock is fed. Second, forms of antibiotic resistant bacteria that develop in some farm animals can actually be passed on to humans.
Several recent violent incidents involving older Asian Americans have increased worries over anti-Asian bigotry.
Several relatives have recommended this residential hotel.
Several researchers have attempted to explain the underlying process to adventure therapy.
Several retailers left the mall due to increasingly unaffordable rent.
Several rivers burst their banks.
Several rivers overflowed.
Several roads are closed.
Several roads are flooded.
Several roads have been closed.
Several roads remain closed.
Several roads remained closed.
Several rooms in the hotel were ransacked.
Several scenes have been cut from the original.
Several schools with study-abroad programs in China and South Korea, where the coronavirus has infected nearly 79,000 and nearly 1,800, respectively, have already shuttered those programs.
Several security guards came up to Ziri.
Several sensors, about half the size of a cell phone, are attached to the body of the spacecraft along the edge of the shadow from the heat shield. If any of these sensors detect sunlight, they alert the central computer and the spacecraft can correct its position to keep the sensors, and the rest of the instruments, safely protected.
Several sentences make no sense. So what?
Several ships are stuck in sea ice in Antarctica.
Several shops were vandalized.
Several short line buses have come by, but I need to go to a further stop.
Several slight shocks followed the earthquake.
Several solar facilities in the region generate electricity on an industrial scale and others are under construction. Under Colorado law, 30 percent of power used in the state must be generated from renewable sources by 2020. But given the demand for electricity, Alamosa County's year-round sunshine still won't be enough.
Several soldiers were injured in the offensive.
Several species of Wētā are under threat from predation by birds and reptiles, and habitat loss.
Several stocks in the portfolio lost value over the course of the year.
Several strange birds also live on the Galapagos. One of them is the only penguin that lives on the equator. Another is the frigate bird. It has loose skin on its throat that it can blow up into a huge red balloon-like structure.
Several students came to the library.
Several students have gone home without cleaning the classroom.
Several students in the back of the classroom laughed quietly.
Several students in the back of the classroom were sleeping.
Several students in the back of the classroom were texting.
Several students raised their hands.
Several students were absent from school because of colds.
Several studies have found that men who take aspirin or other NSAIDs have a decreased risk of prostate cancer. The prostate is a gland and part of the male reproductive system. Researchers at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota wanted to see how NSAIDs might affect prostates that are enlarged, but not cancerous. They followed the health of 2,500 men for 12 years. The researchers said these drugs may delay or stop development of an enlarged prostate. They said the risk of an enlarged prostate was 50 percent lower in the NSAID users than the other men. The risk of bladder problems was 35 percent lower.
Several studies have shown that mixed-breed dogs have a health advantage over purebred dogs.
Several studies related to the city's increase in temperature have already been published.
Several studies, related to the temperature increase in the city, have already been published.
Several suspected terrorists have been arrested.
Several suspects have been arrested.
Several teams are contending for the prize.
Several teams are pursuing similar strategies, using robots to run large numbers of tests at once.
Several teas are sold here.
Several technical and regulatory delays kept gas from flowing into Moldova until March 2015.
Several tests were conducted in the lab.
Several things are happening at the same time.
Several things can be true at the same time.
Several things need to change.
Several thousand Algerians work here.
Several thousand fans showed up to watch the USA-Germany game on big screens in a Washington neighborhood.
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
Several thousand people were arrested and later exiled after a brutal investigation.
Several thousand people were deprived of transportation by the accident.
Several times a week, students work on their handwriting skills, clutching their pencils and pens as they practice forming neat loops and curls.
Several times this year, the stock market has dipped more than 1% in a single day.
Several times, he turned to look at her.
Several times, my mother hosted Japanese "homestay" students at our Lulu Island house. The most memorable were the two girls from Ōsaka, Kaori and Noriko. They taught me to mix milk ice cream with green tea powder; it was a wonderful combination.
Several times, the photographer of the expedition brought out his transparent pictures and gave us a handsome magic-lantern exhibition.
Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.
Several trees were cut down.
Several typhoons hit Japan in autumn.
Several universities in this country enjoy great prestige.
Several universities, including most of the top schools in the U.S., have waived the testing requirement for standard entrance exams during the pandemic.
Several vehicles were damaged by the flood.
Several villages had to be evacuated because of the forest fire.
Several weeks later, Tom resigned.
Several weeks later, Tom was dead.
Several witnesses subsequently recanted their statements claiming coercion.
Several witnesses testified against her but she was acquitted anyway.
Several women looked away.
Several words can have the same meaning, with minor differences.
Several workers opposed the manager's suggestion.
Several workers opposed the manager’s suggestion.
Several workers refused to work with Tom.
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
Several years ago, U.S. and Italian scientists using satellite images created an atlas of metropolitan light emissions worldwide. Astronomer Malcolm Smith of the Cerro Tololo Interamerican Observatory in Chile says the images suggest billions of dollars worth of lost energy is flowing upward.
Several years ago, a bleached body was discovered in a vacant plot in the neighbourhood.
Several years ago, a rotavirus vaccine was taken off the market because it increased a baby's risk of developing a rare, but potentially deadly, intestinal blockage.
Several years ago, fashion was different.
Several years ago, in the course of being interviewed for a job, I was introduced to a competitor for the position.
Several years ago, we considered Pluto as a planet. Later, we realized it was actually a dwarf planet.
Several years have passed since then.
Several years have passed.
Several years passed since then.
Several years went by.
Several young boys were watching us from a distance.
Several young engineers were employed and were devoted to developing a new computer.
Severe flooding and landslides have killed at least 100 people in southwestern Japan.
Severe itching is one of the withdrawal symptoms. Many addicts who stay sober and committed through days of nausea, sleeplessness and fever will relapse within an hour of the itching begins.
Severe to the point of cruelty for young girls who have succumbed to passion, we are more than plenary indulgent for young boys who do the same thing.
Severe trauma makes things difficult.
Severe turbulence during the flight and very poor cabin service didn't make for an enjoyable start to our holiday.
Severe weather frightens people.
Severe weather has halted the search for two missing bushwalkers.
Severity is inappropriate here.
Seville oranges are the main ingredient in traditional British marmalade.
Sew buttons onto a shirt.
Sew the buttons onto the shirt.
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.
Sewage treatment is being carried out in this town.
Sewage water is being treated in this town.
Sewing a button on a shirt is something that you should learn to do.
Sewing a button on a shirt is something you should learn to do.
Sewing is manual labor.
Sewing is manual work.
Sewing is my biggest hobby. It relaxes me.
Sewing the crotch of the teddy bear was fiddly.
Sex addiction is extremely difficult to overcome.
Sex and death are different in this sense: you can die alone and no one will laugh.
Sex and drugs are a path to self-destruction.
Sex and drugs were Sami's life.
Sex and intimacy are often related but separate concepts.
Sex and love are different.
Sex and love are two different things.
Sex appeal is the keystone of our civilization.
Sex between Capricorn and Scorpio is absolutely fire.
Sex change is a sensitive subject in Algeria.
Sex change operations are now tax-deductible.
Sex doesn't have to be penetrative.
Sex doesn't have to involve penetration.
Sex doesn't really matter to most Chinese.
Sex education has always been about harm reduction.
Sex has become an addiction for him.
Sex helps him relieve stress and anxiety.
Sex is a subject that we need to talk about openly.
Sex is any man's favorite, most enjoyed hobby.
Sex is cringe.
Sex is empirically non-binary.
Sex is entertainment for the poor.
Sex is everywhere in our society.
Sex is for cucks.
Sex is good.
Sex is great.
Sex is her first priority in her life.
Sex is important to me.
Sex is like eating, drinking, urinating, or defecating. You just have to do it. You are a biological entity.
Sex is necessary for success.
Sex is not a dirty word.
Sex is not a game.
Sex is not a priority for me.
Sex is not a trophy.
Sex is not dual and precise, but rather gradual: that is why there are intersexual people in the world.
Sex is one of life's greatest pleasures.
Sex is pleasurable.
Sex is still a taboo.
Sex is the international language.
Sex is too readily available nowadays.
Sex isn't a competition.
Sex isn't a dirty word.
Sex isn't a private thing as long as the government and society still invade people's sex lives.
Sex isn't a trophy.
Sex isn't love.
Sex isn't necessary for success.
Sex isn't private when heterosexuals can talk about their love lives, but queer people talking about ours is labelled as "sexual."
Sex makes him feel desired and appreciated.
Sex out of wedlock is a major sin in Islam.
Sex plays a role in his self-esteem.
Sex sells.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Sex will be a private thing when abortion is legal everywhere.
Sex will be a private thing when the public revelation of heterosexuality is treated identically to the public revelation of homosexuality.
Sex will be private when people who have gay sex aren't discriminated against in jobs, housing, adoption agencies, and other places.
Sex with you is like being in heaven.
Sex without love is an empty experience, but it's the best empty experience.
Sex without love is possible and often fun.
Sex work is hard work.
Sex work is known as the oldest profession.
Sex work is work, and work is bad.
Sex work is work.
Sex workers work in the sex industry.
Sex: kids are starting earlier and going further.
Sex: the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
Sexologists describe a gradual range between "pure" heterosexuality and "pure" homosexuality. In graphs, sexologists know that most people are situated in the middle bisexual range. The "gay-straight" artifice paradigm is reinforced by Abrahamic culture.
Sexsomnia is the term for a sleep disorder which, like sleepwalking, belongs to the area of parasomnias and to the group of non-organic sleep disorders. This disorder is a state in which the affected person is apparently awake, performs sexual acts such as masturbation or, in the presence of another person, sexual intercourse, but does not come to consciousness from non-REM sleep and often cannot remember his or her actions after waking up.
Sexual abuse victims often disassociate from their trauma.
Sexual acts between two men continue to be a topic of scandal.
Sexual assaults skyrocket after countries open their doors to “multiculturalism”.
Sexual behaviors that are viewed as normal during sleep and are accompanied by extensive research and documentation include nocturnal emissions, nocturnal erections, and sleep orgasms.
Sexual harassment can be a serious problem in the workplace.
Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
Sexual harassment is absolutely not permitted here.
Sexual orientation is a natural aspect of human diversity, and it's important to respect individual choices.
Sexual violence and mass rape have long been used as a weapon of war. It is not only the victims and survivors who suffer trauma - an entire generation of men, women and children are affected. All too often, the perpetrators remain unpunished.
Sexuality can be read into both wrestling and drag, but both are primarily a form of non-sexual entertainment.
Sexuality is a big part of your humanity.
Sexuality is a natural element of existence.
Sexuality is still a taboo.
Sexuality isn't private because homophobia makes it public.
Sexuality will only be private when the public stops disadvantaging certain sexualities.
Sexuality would be private if not for homophobia.
Sexy is a dirty word.
Seychelles grew at 5% in 2017 because of a strong tourism sector and low commodity prices.
Seychelles is called "Sesel" in Seychellois Creole.
Seylou's baked products are healthy, but it's the taste that brings customers back.
Seylou's baked products are rich in natural minerals, vitamins and essential acids. But it's the taste that brings customers back.
Seán plays Gaelic football every Saturday.
Sh! He's sleeping!
Shabbat Shalom!
Shabbat Shalom.
Shabbat is the most important Jewish holiday.
Shackle him.
Shades of earth are ringing through my open view inciting and inviting me.
Shadow Tom.
Shadow him.
Shadows call, night falls, but a light lives in you. Grace is holding back the dark, Grace is fighting for your heart.
Shadows hung to the walls like cobwebs.
Shadowy figures scurry across the street.
Shaffer said any non-native species that is introduced would have to be carefully picked to minimize the risk of causing harm to the existing wildlife population in the city and beyond.
Shag carpets were popular in the early 1960s.
Shag rugs were popular in the 1960s.
Shahada is the Muslim creed.
Shahar makes moon cakes with her sister every year.
Shahina is an Arabic name meaning "falcon".
Shai, please take the trash down.
Shailendra was a Fijian East Indian in my Grade 6 class. We shared a camp cabin in Galiano Island, along with others, including my Taiwanese friend Tom.
Shake a leg.
Shake before use.
Shake before using.
Shake hands like a man. This is a rather womanly grip.
Shake hands with Tom.
Shake hands with him.
Shake hands.
Shake him.
Shake his hand.
Shake my hand.
Shake off the towels.
Shake the bottle before using.
Shake the bottle.
Shake the medicine bottle before use.
Shake the medicine to mix it.
Shake the tree so that the dry leaves and fruit fall off.
Shake this bottle before you open it.
Shake well before serving.
Shake well before use.
Shake well before using.
Shake your booty.
Shakespeare compared the world to a stage.
Shakespeare could not have thrived under modern copyright laws.
Shakespeare created many famous characters.
Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 in Stratford-upon-Avon.
Shakespeare is a great poet.
Shakespeare is as great a dramatist as ever lived.
Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.
Shakespeare is one of the most famous Britons.
Shakespeare is recognized by all as the greatest dramatist.
Shakespeare is recognized to be the greatest dramatist.
Shakespeare is the author of Hamlet.
Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has ever produced.
Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has produced.
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.
Shakespeare is too hard to read.
Shakespeare knew how to write a sonnet.
Shakespeare knew only a little Latin, but he put the little he knew to very good use.
Shakespeare said: "Navarre shall be the wonder of the world."
Shakespeare was a contemporary of Marlowe.
Shakespeare was not of an age but for all time.
Shakespeare wrote "Hamlet" and Tolstoy wrote "War and Peace".
Shakespeare wrote a lot of interesting plays.
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and comedy.
Shakespeare wrote comedies and tragedies.
Shakespeare wrote for more than one audience.
Shakespeare wrote many beautiful love poems.
Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
Shakespeare's plays are full of anachronisms.
Shakespeare's plays were written in Elizabethan English.
Shakespeare's works are frequently considered among the greatest in the English language.
Shakespeare's works include comedies, tragedies and sonnets.
Shakespeare, whose plays are world-famous, lived some four hundred years ago.
Shakespeare’s "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
Shale gas is more expensive than conventional gas.
Shale rock is a sedimentary rock made up of clay, compacted together by pressure.
Shall I add a couple chairs?
Shall I answer this letter for you?
Shall I ask Peter for help?
Shall I ask Tom for help?
Shall I ask Tom to call you back?
Shall I ask her to send the book to us?
Shall I ask?
Shall I begin?
Shall I bring a magazine?
Shall I bring my guitar?
Shall I bring you a glass of water?
Shall I bring you another pillow?
Shall I bring you something for dinner?
Shall I bring you something for tea?
Shall I buy some for him?
Shall I buy that for you?
Shall I buy this dictionary just because it's cheap?
Shall I buy this for you?
Shall I buy you a ticket for the concert?
Shall I call Ken back?
Shall I call Tom?
Shall I call a cab?
Shall I call for you in the morning?
Shall I call him by his first name?
Shall I call you up later?
Shall I calmly tolerate this?
Shall I carry coffee to them?
Shall I carry your bag for you?
Shall I carry your bag?
Shall I carry your baggage?
Shall I carry your coat?
Shall I change the water for the flowers?
Shall I check the oil?
Shall I clean the room?
Shall I clean your ears for you?
Shall I close it?
Shall I close the door?
Shall I close the window?
Shall I come for you?
Shall I come next Sunday?
Shall I come to your office?
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Shall I continue?
Shall I cook dinner for you?
Shall I cook dinner today?
Shall I cook something for you?
Shall I cook you something?
Shall I cut it in half?
Shall I cut the onion?
Shall I cut the onions?
Shall I do that?
Shall I draw a map for you?
Shall I draw you a map?
Shall I draw you a picture?
Shall I drive on the way back?
Shall I drive you home?
Shall I drive? I got my driving licence three months ago.
Shall I explain it to you again?
Shall I explain the joke?
Shall I fetch Tom from the pleasure lounge?
Shall I fetch your glasses from the living room, Dad?
Shall I fill your glass up?
Shall I fix you supper?
Shall I follow you?
Shall I get him to post this letter?
Shall I get married?
Shall I get out my guitar?
Shall I get some for you?
Shall I get some water for you?
Shall I get you a brandy?
Shall I get you a chair?
Shall I get you a ticket for the concert?
Shall I get you some water?
Shall I get you something to eat?
Shall I give some examples?
Shall I give you a chapati?
Shall I give you a neck massage?
Shall I give you an account?
Shall I give you something to read?
Shall I go for a walk?
Shall I go for the doctor?
Shall I go in?
Shall I go on?
Shall I go to the bathroom for a moment, I wonder.
Shall I go to the powder room for a moment, I wonder.
Shall I go to the restroom for a moment, I wonder.
Shall I go to the toilet for a moment, I wonder.
Shall I go to the washroom for a moment, I wonder.
Shall I go together with you?
Shall I have Tom do it?
Shall I have Tom do that?
Shall I have him call you?
Shall I have him go with you?
Shall I have him mail this letter?
Shall I have that box?
Shall I help wash up the plates?
Shall I help you look for your keys?
Shall I help you with the washing-up?
Shall I help you with this box?
Shall I help you with washing-up?
Shall I help you?
Shall I introduce myself?
Shall I keep going?
Shall I keep you informed?
Shall I keep you up-to-date?
Shall I leave you half?
Shall I leave?
Shall I lie to Tom or be honest with him?
Shall I light the fire now?
Shall I make a suggestion?
Shall I make no reply, but say something else?
Shall I make some coffee?
Shall I make the coffee?
Shall I make the tea?
Shall I make you a blueberry-jam sandwich as well?
Shall I make you a blueberry-jam sandwich?
Shall I make you a cup of tea?
Shall I make you some coffee?
Shall I open it?
Shall I peel an apple for you?
Shall I peel the potatoes?
Shall I peel you an apple?
Shall I pour some beer for you?
Shall I pour you a brandy?
Shall I prepare you a warm meal?
Shall I put in a few cucumbers?
Shall I put my pearl beads on?
Shall I report a truce or war?
Shall I send a few books for her?
Shall I show you the city?
Shall I show you what I can do?
Shall I sing something to you?
Shall I sing you something?
Shall I stay like this until morning embracing you?
Shall I stop?
Shall I take your bag?
Shall I tell them the truth?
Shall I tell you what I think?
Shall I tell you what the difference is?
Shall I then propose the penalty of exile?
Shall I top up your glass?
Shall I top you up?
Shall I top your glass up?
Shall I treat you to dinner?
Shall I wait for you?
Shall I wait here or come back later?
Shall I walk you home?
Shall I wash the lettuce?
Shall I wrap it for you?
Shall this be thrown away?
Shall we add a bit more salt?
Shall we adjourn to the music room, Your Grace?
Shall we agree on this matter?
Shall we arrive earlier?
Shall we begin again tomorrow?
Shall we begin at once?
Shall we begin now?
Shall we begin the evening’s entertainment?
Shall we begin?
Shall we call the police?
Shall we club together?
Shall we compel you to accept it?
Shall we continue or reconsider the plan?
Shall we continue or reconsider?
Shall we continue or turn back?
Shall we continue or wait for news?
Shall we continue or wait?
Shall we continue?
Shall we cook together?
Shall we correct it, or leave it as it is?
Shall we dance a bit?
Shall we dance the tango?
Shall we dance?
Shall we destigmatise female masturbation yet or what?
Shall we discuss the next move?
Shall we discuss the next steps now?
Shall we discuss this further?
Shall we do it, too?
Shall we do our best?
Shall we do something else now?
Shall we do that first?
Shall we do that now?
Shall we do that together?
Shall we do that tomorrow?
Shall we do that while we're waiting?
Shall we do that?
Shall we drink a cup of coffee?
Shall we drink something?
Shall we drink to that?
Shall we drink?
Shall we eat anything?
Shall we eat dinner out today?
Shall we eat in the sitting room, or outside on the balcony?
Shall we eat now?
Shall we eat out on Friday?
Shall we eat this Pocky from both ends?
Shall we eat together in the refectory today?
Shall we eat?
Shall we get Tom to do that for us?
Shall we get a beer?
Shall we get a coffee together?
Shall we get a taxi?
Shall we get acquainted?
Shall we get started, then?
Shall we get started?
Shall we get up early tomorrow and do that?
Shall we give it another try?
Shall we give it one last try?
Shall we give it one more try?
Shall we go and do that?
Shall we go and eat?
Shall we go and have lunch somewhere?
Shall we go and have lunch?
Shall we go and visit Tom at the hospital on our way home?
Shall we go for a bike ride at the weekend?
Shall we go for a drink?
Shall we go for a leather-covered sofa? A cloth-covered sofa?
Shall we go for a pint?
Shall we go for a swim?
Shall we go for a walk before bed?
Shall we go for a walk before bedtime?
Shall we go for a walk?
Shall we go for lunch?
Shall we go for some coffee?
Shall we go home?
Shall we go jogging?
Shall we go now, guys?
Shall we go now?
Shall we go or shall we stay?
Shall we go out for a walk?
Shall we go out?
Shall we go sightseeing around town?
Shall we go somewhere for lunch?
Shall we go somewhere we can talk in private?
Shall we go somewhere we can talk undisturbed?
Shall we go somewhere where we can talk undisturbed?
Shall we go soon?
Shall we go that way?
Shall we go to Lithuania?
Shall we go to a little more upscale restaurant?
Shall we go to a movie today?
Shall we go to church by foot?
Shall we go to drink coffee or something?
Shall we go to my place or yours?
Shall we go to the beach?
Shall we go to the cinema tonight?
Shall we go to the cinema?
Shall we go to the countryside for a change?
Shall we go to the football match now?
Shall we go to the market?
Shall we go to the movies today?
Shall we go to the railway station together?
Shall we go to the theater?
Shall we go to the washroom for a moment?
Shall we go to your room?
Shall we go together?
Shall we go window shopping together?
Shall we go with cornflakes or something light from tomorrow?
Shall we go?
Shall we have a beer with Tom?
Shall we have a coffee?
Shall we have a game of chess?
Shall we have a little rest?
Shall we have a short break?
Shall we have a snowball fight?
Shall we have an aperitif?
Shall we have another family photo done?
Shall we have breakfast together?
Shall we have some tea?
Shall we head that way?
Shall we imbibe?
Shall we jog?
Shall we lay the table?
Shall we leave it at that for now?
Shall we leave it at that?
Shall we listen to some music?
Shall we live here or there?
Shall we make candy or something today?
Shall we make our own fries, right?
Shall we make the call now?
Shall we maybe go somewhere tonight?
Shall we meet again soon?
Shall we meet again tomorrow to decide?
Shall we meet again tomorrow?
Shall we meet at the cafe?
Shall we meet at the library?
Shall we meet for coffee soon?
Shall we meet for dinner?
Shall we meet for lunch?
Shall we meet in that little café on the quay?
Shall we meet in the cafeteria for lunch?
Shall we meet tomorrow morning at nine?
Shall we meet tomorrow?
Shall we meet up on Saturday?
Shall we move ahead cautiously?
Shall we move forward cautiously?
Shall we move forward with caution?
Shall we move on from this?
Shall we move on without hesitation?
Shall we move to somewhere we can talk alone?
Shall we order a bottle of wine?
Shall we order a pizza?
Shall we order pizza for lunch today?
Shall we order?
Shall we pack everything together?
Shall we play a game of chess?
Shall we play basketball?
Shall we play cowboy and Indians? I declare myself a sheriff, and you all must obey me.
Shall we play golf this afternoon?
Shall we play hide-and-seek?
Shall we play rock-scissors-paper?
Shall we play together?
Shall we play?
Shall we prepare for the evening's gala?
Shall we prepare for the queen’s speech?
Shall we pretend nothing happened?
Shall we pretend that nothing happened?
Shall we proceed as planned or rethink it?
Shall we proceed as planned?
Shall we proceed to the throne room, Your Majesty?
Shall we proceed with the evening’s festivities?
Shall we pull a gag?
Shall we really try it?
Shall we reconsider our options?
Shall we rest a bit?
Shall we rest for a bit?
Shall we retire to the conservatory, Your Grace?
Shall we retire to the drawing-room for dessert?
Shall we retire to the drawing-room, Your Grace?
Shall we say goodbye?
Shall we see how it plays out?
Shall we see what happens next?
Shall we shoot the breeze for a while before talking business?
Shall we sing a song for you?
Shall we sit down?
Shall we sit here?
Shall we sit now?
Shall we speak Swiss German together?
Shall we start fresh tomorrow?
Shall we start from the beginning?
Shall we start studying?
Shall we start the meeting now?
Shall we start?
Shall we stop in at a coffee shop?
Shall we stop it?
Shall we stop soon?
Shall we swap numbers?
Shall we take Tom with us?
Shall we take a bath together?
Shall we take a cab?
Shall we take a moment to reflect?
Shall we take a photo here?
Shall we take a picture here?
Shall we take a promenade through the gardens?
Shall we take a rest?
Shall we take a short rest?
Shall we take a taxi?
Shall we take a vote?
Shall we take another family photo?
Shall we take it one step at a time?
Shall we take the next step now?
Shall we take the next step?
Shall we take this chance?
Shall we take this conversation somewhere quieter?
Shall we take this outside?
Shall we talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Shall we talk about it?
Shall we try again tomorrow?
Shall we try again, or give up for good?
Shall we try it?
Shall we try to do that?
Shall we visit Tom at his work?
Shall we wait a little more?
Shall we wait any longer or act now?
Shall we wait for Tom?
Shall we wait for another chance?
Shall we wait for you here?
Shall we wait or move forward?
Shall we walk or drive?
Shall we walk or take the bus?
Shall we walk to the station?
Shall we walk?
Shall we watch the movie now?
Shall we work together tomorrow?
Shall we?
Shall you be able to come tomorrow?
Shall you be going to the meeting on Saturday?
Shallow are the souls that have forgotten how to shudder.
Shallow water makes the most sound.
Shalom aleichem.
Shame be to him who thinks evil of it.
Shame can limit what the law does not prohibit.
Shame cultures are concerned with reputation.
Shame he didn't buy any pencils.
Shame is better than repentance.
Shame lasts longer than anything.
Shame makes one blush, fear makes one turn yellow.
Shame on anyone who thinks evil of it.
Shame on the age and on its principles! The senate is aware of these things; the consul sees them; and yet this man lives. Lives!
Shame on the both of you.
Shame on those who think ill of it.
Shame on you both.
Shame on you for getting so flustered. You looked ridiculous.
Shame on you for lying.
Shame on you for thinking a cookie is psychic.
Shame on you for your discouragement!
Shame on you guys.
Shame on you!
Shame on you! You still believe in primitive tribalism!
Shame on you, Meẓyan.
Shame on you, Tom!
Shame on you, Tom.
Shame on you.
Shame prevents me from asking such things.
Shame you can't come.
Shamed be he who thinks ill of it.
Shameful!
Shameless.
Shammai was more strict than Hillel.
Shampoo and toothpaste are the same price.
Shampooing every day can be drying to your hair and scalp.
Shanah tovah!
Shane doesn't start a fight.
Shane explains to Joey why he's leaving.
Shane gets insulted.
Shane is a deus ex machina.
Shane is a model for Joey.
Shane is an emersonian character.
Shane shows he is a coward.
Shane shows the emersonian inner voice.
Shane was just looking out for a brother.
Shane, who goes off and on attending the computer, is obviously crazy.
Shanghai has a humid, subtropical climate.
Shanghai has everything under the sun when it comes to food.
Shanghai has more inhabitants than Switzerland.
Shanghai is a really fascinating city.
Shanghai is among the largest cities in the world.
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East.
Shanghai is so prosperous; notably it was after the port was opened for trade one hundred and sixty years ago that things started to change.
Shanghai is the city we miss the most.
Shanghai is the fastest-growing city in the world.
Shanghai summers can reach temperatures of up to 38-9 degrees. That is extremely hot!
Shanghaiing is a practice from the mid-19th Northwest United States that consisted of conscripting men as sailors by coercive techniques.
Shanghainese is actually a kind of pidgin, based on Wu dialects, Lower Yangtze Mandarin, and English loanwords.
Shankardev was a saint of Assam.
Shannon Carmody is with the Heritage Farm in Decorah, Iowa. There, workers grow and keep plants both ex situ, in seed collections, and in situ, on the farm’s three hundred sixty hectares.
Shao's therapist taught him some techniques for recognizing and stopping an anxiety spiral.
Shape is very important.
Shape up or ship out!
Shape up.
Shapes are masculine in Spanish.
Sharapova's shots are very fast but...a fast ball means that it will come back that much faster.
Sharapova’s shots are very fast but...a fast ball means that it will come back that much faster.
Share a funny story with me to make me chuckle.
Share and spread the word!
Share information.
Share it with me.
Share it with us.
Share it with your dog or your cat.
Share it.
Share music from your country, introduce yourself to us, share photos of your city, and so on!
Share out the sweets between you.
Share prices fell 11% Friday after the massive online retailer posted its first quarterly loss in seven years.
Share prices have been erratic this last month.
Share the food with your brothers.
Share the sweets.
Share this over on your Facebook.
Share this page with your friends, and let's get to 200 likes!
Share this post everywhere if you're a fan of ours.
Share this video with your friends.
Share this with your friends.
Share this with your work colleagues.
Share what you know with everyone around the world!
Share with Tom.
Share with me your exam results.
Share with your brother.
Share your experience.
Share your ideas during group discussions.
Share your knowledge with others.
Share your love of reading by donating your old books.
Share your lunch with your brother.
Share your opinion.
Share your secret with me.
Share your story with us.
Share your toys with your siblings.
Shared joy multiplies itself.
Shared studying among premeds is rare.
Shareholders leech off of the productive work of a company.
Shareholders voted to liquidate the company's assets.
Shareholders voted to liquidate the company’s assets.
Shareholders were concerned about the company's swift expansion overseas.
Shareholders were concerned about the company’s swift expansion overseas.
Shareholders with questions, please raise your hands.
Shares of these companies were sold to the public.
Shares reached a new high.
Shariah is the broad collection of laws compiled over a thousand years of Muslim jurisprudence based on the Koran and its commentaries, the Sunnah or Hadith.
Sharing a bathroom's not so bad.
Sharing a space presents difficulties.
Sharing common goals and aspirations helps couples grow and evolve in harmony.
Sharing different opinions is good for health.
Sharing is caring.
Sharing is fun.
Sharing is important.
Sharing is permitted only under the same or an equivalent license.
Sharing joy multiplies it.
Sharing knowledge has always been important to both Tom and Mary.
Sharing makes people happy.
Sharing my book felt surreal and exciting.
Shark attacks are on the rise.
Shark fin soup is commonly served at Chinese weddings and banquets.
Shark fin soup is very popular in China.
Shark finning — cutting off the fins while the shark is still alive and throwing the body overboard — is banned in the United States. But shark fishing and the import of fins are allowed. So far, only five U.S. states have banned shark fin products.
Shark skin can be used like the skin of other animals.
Shark soup or whale steak? You have the choice.
Shark teeth are sharp.
Shark's teeth are sharp.
Sharks are at the top of the food chain.
Sharks are good swimmers.
Sharks are infamous for their blood thirsty natures.
Sharks are infamous for their bloodthirsty natures.
Sharks are killed for their fins.
Sharks are notorious for having a thirst for blood.
Sharks are scary.
Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound.
Sharks can be a deadly threat.
Sharks can kill people.
Sharks can sense blood.
Sharks can smell even a tiny amount of blood in water.
Sharks don't bite, they bite off.
Sharks don't eat humans; however, you can't trust them.
Sharks don't have bones.
Sharks eat fish.
Sharks feed on fish.
Sharks have been around for 400 million years, pre-dating the dinosaurs. But scientists believe they may be unable to survive this ongoing assault.
Sharks have been seen from the rigging - it is not safe to bathe any longer; - be quick, get into the boat.
Sharks have more gills than any other fish.
Sharks have sharp teeth.
Sharks swim well.
Sharks that are full aren't dangerous.
Sharks that are full don't hunt.
Sharkskin can be used like the skin of other animals.
Sharla was fascinated by nudism as a concept.
Sharlotte's task is to steal one of the specimens of a newly-discovered alien life form that Dr. Carmen has been studying.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
Sharon must be a go-getter.
Sharp's the word!
Sharp, flat, double sharp, double flat and natural are accidentals.
Sharpen the blades of these knives.
Sharpen the end of the stick a little.
Sharpen the knife.
Sharpen these knives.
Sharpen this ax for me.
Sharpen those knives.
Sharpen your instincts.
Sharpen your pencil.
Sharp’s the word!
Shattered bones and crushed flesh won't cancel your debts. One word of insight is worth ten million words of apology.
Shattered, he went straight to bed.
Shaukat Hossain said in his speech, Bangladesh is a trade-dependent country.
Shaunae Miller won the gold medal in a dramatic fashion after diving at the finish line.
Shave off your unibrow.
Shave that dadgum beard off. You look like snackbarians.
Shave your beard.
Shave your moustache.
Shave your mustache.
Shave.
Shaving doesn't make your beard grow faster.
Shaving off your beard took ten years off you.
Shaving takes time.
Shaving was not an easy task, for his hand continued to shake very much; and shaving requires attention, even when you don't dance while you are at it.
Shaving your hair is better than ripping it off.
Shavua tov!
Shawi and Kabyle are mostly mutually intelligible.
Shawi music started to play.
Shawiya is a Berber language.
Shawn Cheshire is a blind cyclist who competed in the 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She hopes to take part again in 2020 in Tokyo, Japan.
Shawn Mendes appeared on the front page of the magazine.
Shay burst out laughing when she heard the joke that David told.
She Jackson wasn't her real name.
She abandoned her child.
She abandoned her children.
She abandoned her duty to her husband.
She abandoned her hope of becoming a doctor.
She abandoned her son to his fate.
She abandoned her sons.
She abandoned her studies.
She abandoned herself to drinking.
She abandoned herself to grief.
She abandoned herself to pleasure.
She abandoned herself to the rhythm of the music.
She abandoned him without explanation.
She abandoned me.
She abetted him in escaping from prison.
She abhorred violence.
She abhors violence.
She ably handled the situation.
She abounds in good will.
She absented herself from class.
She absented herself from the lesson.
She absolutely detests him.
She absolutely doesn't need to know why I did it.
She absolutely trounces me whenever we play Scrabble.
She abstained.
She abstains from alcohol.
She abstains from drinking.
She abuses her power.
She acceded to our demands.
She accelerated her car.
She accelerated.
She accepted against her will.
She accepted all the conditions imposed by her ex-husband.
She accepted all the conditions that her ex-husband had set for her.
She accepted an expensive gift from him.
She accepted her offer.
She accepted him her suitor.
She accepted his gift.
She accepted his hand in marriage.
She accepted his invitation to have dinner with him.
She accepted his offer.
She accepted his proposal, with her eyes full of tears.
She accepted my invitation to have dinner with me.
She accepted our invitation.
She accepted our offer notwithstanding.
She accepted the banknote without saying a word.
She accepted the gift from him.
She accepted the job offer.
She accepted the money.
She accepted the offer.
She accepted the proposal to a certain degree.
She accepted the proposal up to a certain point.
She accepted this.
She accepted.
She accepts criticism from anyone but her parents.
She accepts good suggestions.
She accepts our conditions.
She accepts the gifts.
She accidentally broke the sink basin in her kitchen while washing dishes, requiring immediate repair.
She accidentally brushed her leg against his.
She accidentally bumped into him.
She accidentally closed the door on my hand.
She accidentally cut herself while peeling an apple.
She accidentally cut herself with her new knife.
She accidentally dropped a valuable item down the drain of her kitchen sink.
She accidentally fell into the water.
She accidentally locked herself out of her house.
She accidentally locked herself out of her office.
She accidentally printed out a ditto.
She accidentally shot herself in the foot.
She accidentally shot herself.
She accidentally shot him.
She accidentally tore the page.
She accommodated her schedule to his.
She accompanied Mina.
She accompanied Skura to Algiers.
She accompanied her friend to the concert.
She accompanied her mother as she bought shoes.
She accompanied her mother as she bought.
She accompanied her sick husband.
She accompanied her speech with gestures.
She accompanied her words with gestures.
She accompanied her.
She accompanied him on the piano.
She accompanied him to Japan.
She accompanied him.
She accompanied me on the piano.
She accompanied me to hospital.
She accompanied me to the hospital.
She accompanied the children to school.
She accompanied the gift with scolding words.
She accompanied the singer on the piano.
She accompanies me on every trip.
She accompanies the children to school.
She accomplished the task through sheer will.
She accomplished what she was capable of.
She accomplishes her desires.
She accrued her wealth slowly but surely.
She accumulated a fortune by investing wisely.
She accused Tom of stealing.
She accused her coach of rape.
She accused her husband of being unfaithful.
She accused her husband of having been disloyal to her.
She accused her husband of infidelity.
She accused her of having stolen the bike.
She accused her personal trainer of rape.
She accused her son of wasting his life.
She accused him and her of stealing.
She accused him and her of theft.
She accused him of being inattentive to her.
She accused him of having broken his word.
She accused him of having lied to her.
She accused him of having stolen the bike.
She accused him of stealing her car.
She accused him of stealing her money.
She accused me of being a liar.
She accused me of hacking into her account.
She accused me of making a mistake.
She accused me of not writing to her sooner.
She accused me of plagiarism.
She accused me of plagiarizing my essay.
She accused me of stealing her money.
She accused me of telling a lie.
She accuses me of calling her a liar.
She aced her final exams and graduated with honors.
She ached for home.
She achieved all that under her own steam.
She achieved all this under her own steam.
She achieved great success in her business.
She achieved her goal.
She achieved her purpose.
She achieved more than she expected.
She achieved nothing.
She achieved remarkable results.
She achieved the goal of winning the prize.
She achieved the highest mark in the exam.
She achieved what was within her power.
She acknowledged Yamina.
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
She acknowledged her mistake.
She acknowledged his help in her book.
She acknowledged she was upset.
She acknowledged that my statement was true.
She acknowledged that she couldn't speak French.
She acknowledged that she couldn’t speak French.
She acknowledged that she made a mistake.
She acknowledges having extramarital affairs while she was married.
She acknowledges that the Chinese "love their fresh seafood," especially the succulent shellfish for which Maine is so famous.
She acquainted her daughter with classical music.
She acquainted him with the meetings schedule for today, but I don't think he remembered anything at all.
She acquainted us with the new regulation.
She acquired a knowledge of French.
She acquired a painting for a low price.
She acquired a pistol.
She acquired credit with in the town.
She acquired the habit of rising early.
She acquired the knowledge of English.
She acted alone.
She acted as a guide.
She acted as an interpreter for him.
She acted as if she didn't care what happened.
She acted as if she didn't care.
She acted as if she didn't know him.
She acted as if she didn't know me.
She acted as if she didn't know us.
She acted as if she didn’t care what happened.
She acted as if she hadn't heard me.
She acted as if she heard nothing.
She acted as if she knew French well.
She acted as if she knew it all.
She acted as if she knew nothing about it.
She acted as if she knew nothing.
She acted as if she was ignorant.
She acted as leader of our club.
She acted completely spontaneously.
She acted distant towards me today.
She acted fast to pull the fire alarm when she saw the flames grow.
She acted in a play for the first time.
She acted in the play.
She acted like a real baby.
She acted like she didn't know anything.
She acted like she didn't know him.
She acted like she didn't know me.
She acted like she knew everything.
She acted like she was afraid.
She acted like she was possessed.
She acted like she was scared.
She acted like she wasn't interested in him.
She acted like she wasn't there.
She acted on her own.
She acted strangely.
She acted the part of a fairy.
She acted without thinking.
She activated an account.
She activated the account.
She actively participates in class.
She acts according to her will.
She acts as a proxy for her husband.
She acts as if my thoughts don’t matter.
She acts in bad faith.
She acts like a child.
She acts like she doesn't even know him.
She acts like she knows everything.
She acts like she's exhausted.
She acts mysterious.
She acts quickly.
She actually apologized to him.
She actually cried.
She actually did it herself.
She actually did that by herself.
She actually did that herself.
She actually did that to herself.
She actually figured it out by herself.
She actually likes him.
She actually noticed me.
She adapted her teaching method to slow learners.
She adapted quickly.
She adapts herself to circumstances.
She added a hint of lemon zest to the cake batter.
She added a layer of cream between the cake layers.
She added a pinch of salt to the beaten eggs.
She added a touch of almond extract to the cake batter.
She added a trigger warning to her post.
She added another ingredient to the pot.
She added black-eyed beans to the curry.
She added guacamole to her burrito.
She added her husband's last name to her own.
She added him.
She added in her letter that she would write again soon.
She added it.
She added me on Facebook.
She added me on WhatsApp.
She added milk to her coffee.
She added milk to the coffee.
She added salt to his coffee by accident.
She added sentences on Tatoeba.
She added sliced avocado to her salad.
She added some personal touches to the wedding cake.
She added sprinkles to the cake for a festive touch.
She added sugar to her coffee.
She added that bottled water and tea were sold out in local stores.
She added twigs to kindle the flames and keep them burning.
She added water.
She added, as an afterthought, that she was going to do some shopping.
She addressed herself to the chairperson.
She addressed herself to the task.
She addressed the letter to John.
She adds a lot of examples.
She adds another 48 countries are seriously exposed, heightening the threat of a global debt crisis.
She adds the ornaments are the stars of the store: everything from hand-blown glass baubles to sports-themed pieces, and even movie motif ornaments.
She adhered strongly to her belief.
She adjusted her dress.
She adjusted her stance before gripping the bat.
She adjusted the clock.
She adjusted the temperature on the bed's heating pad.
She admired Tom's courage.
She admired her daughter, who looked lovely that evening.
She admired her reflection in the mirror.
She admired her.
She admired herself in the mirror.
She admired him for his courage.
She admired him.
She admired the crown jewels in the royal vault.
She admired the intricate design of the black lace dress.
She admired the intricate design on the cricket bat.
She admired the peacock's elegance.
She admired the tapestries that adorned the walls.
She admires John for his courage.
She admires him.
She admires the animals.
She admires the pink blossoms of the Crape Myrtle the town planted in front of her house four years ago.
She admires this writer.
She admires your courage.
She admits knowing the secret.
She admits she does that.
She admits she often cries.
She admits she often does that.
She admits she was overwhelmed.
She admits she wasn't happy.
She admits she wasn't sure.
She admits she's cried.
She admits she's done that.
She admits she's left early.
She admits she's under pressure.
She admits that she does that.
She admits that she often cries.
She admits that she often does that.
She admits that she stole the jewels.
She admits that she was overwhelmed.
She admits that she wasn't happy.
She admits that she wasn't sure.
She admits that she won the genetic lottery.
She admits that she's cried.
She admits that she's done that.
She admits that she's left early.
She admits that she's under pressure.
She admits they could use new equipment, but being able to afford it is another matter.
She admits to having affairs during her marriage.
She admitted everything.
She admitted her actions were inappropriate.
She admitted her involvement in the robbery.
She admitted her mistake.
She admitted it was her fault.
She admitted it.
She admitted killing him.
She admitted she agreed to do that.
She admitted she broke the vase.
She admitted she broke the window.
She admitted she cried.
She admitted she despised him.
She admitted she despises him.
She admitted she did that.
She admitted she didn't cry.
She admitted she didn't do that.
She admitted she didn't win.
She admitted she does that.
She admitted she doesn't do that.
She admitted she forged the check.
She admitted she had help doing that.
She admitted she had stolen the bike.
She admitted she hadn't been fair.
She admitted she hadn't been honest.
She admitted she hadn't been polite.
She admitted she hadn't cried.
She admitted she killed him.
She admitted she knew the secret.
She admitted she left early.
She admitted she lied.
She admitted she murdered him.
She admitted she stole the gold.
She admitted she stole the money.
She admitted she used drugs.
She admitted she wanted to do that.
She admitted she was a thief.
She admitted she was afraid.
She admitted she was baffled.
She admitted she was biased.
She admitted she was broke.
She admitted she was cold.
She admitted she was confused.
She admitted she was curious.
She admitted she was desperate.
She admitted she was disappointed.
She admitted she was disorganized.
She admitted she was divorced.
She admitted she was exhausted.
She admitted she was famished.
She admitted she was frightened.
She admitted she was frustrated.
She admitted she was guilty.
She admitted she was heartbroken.
She admitted she was homeless.
She admitted she was homesick.
She admitted she was hungry.
She admitted she was illiterate.
She admitted she was impressed.
She admitted she was intrigued.
She admitted she was jealous.
She admitted she was lazy.
She admitted she was lonely.
She admitted she was lost.
She admitted she was married.
She admitted she was nervous.
She admitted she was overweight.
She admitted she was prejudiced.
She admitted she was scared.
She admitted she was selfish.
She admitted she was sick.
She admitted she was skeptical.
She admitted she was starved.
She admitted she was suspicious.
She admitted she was terrified.
She admitted she was tired.
She admitted she was troubled.
She admitted she was uncertain.
She admitted she was undependable.
She admitted she was unemployed.
She admitted she was very tired.
She admitted she was weak.
She admitted she was worried.
She admitted she was wrong.
She admitted she wasn't brave.
She admitted she wasn't certain.
She admitted she wasn't impartial.
She admitted she wasn't perfect.
She admitted she wasn't prepared.
She admitted she wasn't ready.
She admitted she wasn't really hurt.
She admitted she wasn't really rich.
She admitted she wasn't really sick.
She admitted she wasn't rich.
She admitted she wasn't sure.
She admitted she'd been careless.
She admitted she'd been defeated.
She admitted she'd been dishonest.
She admitted she'd been drinking.
She admitted she'd been foolish.
She admitted she'd been impolite.
She admitted she'd been mistaken.
She admitted she'd been naughty.
She admitted she'd been reckless.
She admitted she'd been rude.
She admitted she'd been unfair.
She admitted she'd been wrong.
She admitted she'd hit him.
She admitted she'd killed him.
She admitted she'd lied to me.
She admitted she'd lied.
She admitted she'd made a mistake.
She admitted she's done that.
She admitted that I was right.
She admitted that Tom had hit her.
She admitted that it was her fault.
She admitted that she broke the vase.
She admitted that she cried.
She admitted that she did that.
She admitted that she didn't cry.
She admitted that she didn't do that.
She admitted that she didn't win.
She admitted that she does that.
She admitted that she had lied to me.
She admitted that she knew the secret.
She admitted that she left early.
She admitted that she lied.
She admitted that she murdered him.
She admitted that she sometimes had trouble with him.
She admitted that she used drugs.
She admitted that she was a thief.
She admitted that she was afraid.
She admitted that she was baffled.
She admitted that she was biased.
She admitted that she was broke.
She admitted that she was cold.
She admitted that she was confused.
She admitted that she was curious.
She admitted that she was desperate.
She admitted that she was divorced.
She admitted that she was exhausted.
She admitted that she was famished.
She admitted that she was frightened.
She admitted that she was frustrated.
She admitted that she was homeless.
She admitted that she was homesick.
She admitted that she was hungry.
She admitted that she was illiterate.
She admitted that she was impressed.
She admitted that she was intrigued.
She admitted that she was jealous.
She admitted that she was lazy.
She admitted that she was lonely.
She admitted that she was lost.
She admitted that she was married.
She admitted that she was nervous.
She admitted that she was overweight and that she had to lose weight.
She admitted that she was overweight.
She admitted that she was prejudiced.
She admitted that she was scared.
She admitted that she was selfish.
She admitted that she was sick.
She admitted that she was skeptical.
She admitted that she was starved.
She admitted that she was suspicious.
She admitted that she was terrified.
She admitted that she was tired.
She admitted that she was troubled.
She admitted that she was uncertain.
She admitted that she was unemployed.
She admitted that she was very tired.
She admitted that she was weak.
She admitted that she was worried.
She admitted that she was wrong.
She admitted that she wasn't brave.
She admitted that she wasn't certain.
She admitted that she wasn't perfect.
She admitted that she wasn't ready.
She admitted that she wasn't rich.
She admitted that she wasn't sure.
She admitted that she'd been foolish.
She admitted that she'd been naughty.
She admitted that she'd been rude.
She admitted that she'd been unfair.
She admitted that she'd been wrong.
She admitted that she'd hit him.
She admitted that she'd killed him.
She admitted that she'd lied to him.
She admitted that she'd lied to me.
She admitted that she'd lied.
She admitted that she'd stolen money from him.
She admitted that she's done that.
She admitted that.
She admitted to breaking the window.
She admitted to having heroin.
She admitted to having stolen the jewels.
She admitted to shooting him.
She admitted to the murder.
She admitted what she did was wrong.
She admitted what she said was wrong.
She admonished me that I should consult a doctor.
She admonished the child to be more careful.
She adopted an old grey tabby cat from a local shelter.
She adopts her customary seductive demeanour toward males.
She adored him.
She adores animals.
She adores cakes.
She adores cats.
She adores her elder brother.
She adores her older brother.
She adores him.
She adores it.
She adores mathematics and additionally reads books on literature and art.
She adores soccer.
She adores stegosauruses.
She adorned her dress with flowers.
She adorned herself with jewels.
She adulated her idol in a starstruck state.
She advanced her watch ten minutes.
She advanced the hand ten minutes.
She advanced the hands on the clock.
She advanced with a light step, moving her hips harmoniously.
She advances at a rapid pace.
She advised her not to buy a used car.
She advised her not to go there by herself.
She advised her not to go.
She advised her to read more books.
She advised her to stop drinking.
She advised him about what to do.
She advised him against doing it.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
She advised him not to borrow money from his friends.
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn’t follow her advice.
She advised him not to buy a used car.
She advised him not to do that by himself.
She advised him not to do that.
She advised him not to drink too much.
She advised him not to drive too fast, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to drive too fast, but he wouldn’t listen to her.
She advised him not to drive too fast.
She advised him not to eat between meals.
She advised him not to eat too much.
She advised him not to go out after dark by himself.
She advised him not to go out by himself at night.
She advised him not to go there alone.
She advised him not to go there by himself.
She advised him not to go.
She advised him not to leave.
She advised him not to smoke.
She advised him not to spend all his money on his girlfriend.
She advised him not to use too much salt, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to use too much salt, but he wouldn’t listen to her.
She advised him not to use too much salt.
She advised him not to use too much sugar.
She advised him of the date for the next meeting.
She advised him on how to stay healthy.
She advised him on that matter.
She advised him on what books to read.
She advised him on which book to buy.
She advised him that he should stay at home.
She advised him to be more careful.
She advised him to be punctual.
She advised him to become a teacher.
She advised him to catch the first train in the morning.
She advised him to come back at once.
She advised him to come by 2:30.
She advised him to cut down on smoking, but he didn't think that he could.
She advised him to cut down on smoking, but he didn’t think that he could.
She advised him to cut down on smoking.
She advised him to do more exercise.
She advised him to drink more milk, but he didn't think this was good advice.
She advised him to drink more milk, but he didn’t think this was good advice.
She advised him to drink more milk.
She advised him to exercise.
She advised him to fasten his seat belt.
She advised him to get exercise every day.
She advised him to get more exercise.
She advised him to give up drinking.
She advised him to give up smoking, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him to give up smoking, but he wouldn’t listen to her.
She advised him to give up smoking.
She advised him to go abroad while he was still young.
She advised him to go by bicycle.
She advised him to go home early.
She advised him to go on a strict diet.
She advised him to go there alone, but he didn't think that was good advice.
She advised him to go there alone, but he didn’t think that was good advice.
She advised him to go there alone.
She advised him to go there.
She advised him to go to hospital.
She advised him to go to the hospital, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to go to the hospital, but he didn’t follow her advice.
She advised him to go to the hospital.
She advised him to go to the police station, but he was afraid to.
She advised him to go to the police station.
She advised him to go to the police.
She advised him to keep his promise.
She advised him to keep his promises.
She advised him to leave earlier.
She advised him to listen to his doctor.
She advised him to lose weight.
She advised him to read more books.
She advised him to read those books.
She advised him to save money.
She advised him to see a lawyer, so he did.
She advised him to see a lawyer.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said he didn't have enough time to do so.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said he didn’t have enough time to do so.
She advised him to see the dentist.
She advised him to stay in bed for two more days.
She advised him to stop drinking.
She advised him to stop smoking.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine, but he felt he needed to.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine.
She advised him to stop working so much.
She advised him to study harder.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
She advised him to take a long holiday.
She advised him to take a rest, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to take a rest, but he didn’t follow her advice.
She advised him to take a rest.
She advised him to take better care of himself.
She advised him to take the medicine.
She advised him to take the money.
She advised him to talk about his life in America.
She advised him to talk about his life in the United States.
She advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her.
She advised him to use a bicycle.
She advised him to visit Boston, because she thought it was the most beautiful city in the world.
She advised him to visit that museum.
She advised him to walk instead of taking a bus.
She advised him to work harder.
She advised him where he should stay.
She advised him where to stay.
She advised me not to take the job.
She advised me to go there.
She advised me to stay away from him.
She advised me where to stay.
She advised me which I should buy.
She advised the customer to choose a blue tie.
She advised the others on that matter.
She advised us that it would rain all day.
She advises him on how to stay healthy.
She advises him on technical issues.
She advises him on technical matters.
She advises him on technical problems.
She advises me on technical matters.
She advises us about cooking.
She advocated equal rights for women.
She advocates for a new policy.
She advocates for cooperation.
She advocates for fair trade.
She advocates for free speech.
She affects a foreign accent.
She again told tales out of school.
She agreed completely with us.
She agreed right away.
She agreed that she would pay half the rent.
She agreed to come.
She agreed to give us an interview.
She agreed to go to Boston with him.
She agreed to go with him.
She agreed to help Mom.
She agreed to help him with his work.
She agreed to help him.
She agreed to it all, more or less absentmindedly, as she sat looking into the moonlight, and the day that had begun so stormily ended in kindness between them.
She agreed to join the group again.
She agreed to meet him.
She agreed to meet with him.
She agreed to my idea.
She agreed to my plan after I had given a little.
She agreed to take care of him.
She agreed to testify against him.
She agreed to wait for him.
She agreed with her.
She agreed with him about the holiday plan.
She agreed with him on what to do with the old car.
She agreed with him that I should go to the meeting.
She agreed with him.
She agreed with my idea.
She agreed.
She agrees with him.
She agrees with me.
She agrees.
She aided her daughter in dressing.
She aimed at the target.
She aimed carefully at the target.
She aimed for his mouth and missed.
She aimed her gun at him.
She aimed her pistol at him, but she didn't shoot him.
She aimed her pistol at him.
She aimed her rifle at the target.
She aimed to become an actress.
She aims at becoming a teacher.
She aims for global peace.
She aims for long-term fulfillment.
She aims to be the best version of herself.
She aims to become a teacher.
She alerted the authorities.
She alerted the police.
She all but wept when she heard the bad news.
She allegedly killed him in self defense.
She allegedly killed him in self-defense.
She allegedly killed him.
She allegedly murdered him.
She allegedly went to the store.
She allowed her child to be drowned.
She allowed herself to cry.
She allowed him to cry himself to sleep.
She allowed him to go alone.
She allowed him to go by himself.
She allowed him to kiss her.
She allowed me to drive her car.
She allowed me to go.
She allowed me to leave.
She allowed me to see her daughter.
She allowed me to use her computer.
She allowed that my offer was reasonable.
She allowed the servant to comb her hair with a golden comb.
She allowed us to help her.
She allows her kids to climb on couches.
She allows men to ejaculate inside her.
She alluded to his lack of education.
She almost always agrees with him.
She almost always arrives late.
She almost always does that by herself.
She almost always has her dog with her.
She almost always speaks French with him.
She almost bumped into him.
She almost caught him.
She almost convinced me.
She almost didn't get to meet him.
She almost didn't recognize him.
She almost died in the fire.
She almost died.
She almost drowned in the river.
She almost drowned.
She almost failed her baccalauréat.
She almost fainted.
She almost fell off the platform.
She almost fell off the station platform.
She almost fell.
She almost felt like fainting.
She almost forgot her umbrella.
She almost froze to death in the snow.
She almost got away with it.
She almost hurt herself trying to do that.
She almost killed herself.
She almost laughed.
She almost looks happy, doesn't she?
She almost lost consciousness.
She almost lost her balance.
She almost lost her eye.
She almost lost her life.
She almost married him.
She almost missed the deadline.
She almost never calls him.
She almost never does that by herself.
She almost never does what she says she's going to do.
She almost never lies to him.
She almost never uses her phone.
She almost passed out.
She almost ran head-on into him.
She almost said "I don't know".
She almost said "I don’t know".
She almost screamed with joy.
She almost spilled her coffee.
She almost told him that she loved him.
She almost took him to the edge of bankruptcy.
She almost went out of her senses at the news.
She almost wished she'd never met him.
She alone decided who could see him.
She alone is able to use the personal computer.
She already ate.
She already decided.
She already did that.
She already filled out the entire form.
She already filled out the form.
She already has a Kabyle dress.
She already has a new boyfriend.
She already knew she was OK.
She already knew that, didn't she?
She already knew the answer.
She already knew the story.
She already knows how to cook couscous.
She already knows how to read.
She already knows it.
She already knows what she has to do.
She already knows what she should do.
She already knows what she'll do.
She already knows.
She already looks like she's fifty.
She already regrets what she did.
She also added to the entertaining cauldron that makes up American politics with a campaign ad meant to offset her admission she once dabbled in sorcery.
She also bought the dictionary.
She also despised him.
She also dreams her business will grow and become an inspiring model for other young people who have a dream to pursue it and make it a reality.
She also found me nice.
She also has a crush on him.
She also has a good memory.
She also has another phone number.
She also introduces new characters.
She also laughed.
She also likes books.
She also likes chocolate.
She also loves books.
She also needs to buy a ticket for him.
She also said, “Any mother would rather have a line of the worst scribble from her son or daughter than any fancy greeting card.”
She also served as Mary's understudy.
She also speaks French.
She also told us her name was Olivia.
She also worked at a restaurant in the evening.
She also writes about loss and trauma.
She altered her old clothes to make them look more fashionable.
She altered her plans.
She alternates between solo and band recordings, which allows the singer/fiddler to showcase both contemporary pop and traditional country/bluegrass sounds.
She always acts politely toward everybody.
She always acts selfishly.
She always adapted to new circumstances.
She always adds a little water to the wine.
She always adds new information in her translations.
She always answers her phone.
She always answers the way I expect her to.
She always appeared and disappeared close by the fountain, with which, therefore, her lover judged she had some inexplicable connexion.
She always arrived too early.
She always arrives early.
She always arrives on time.
She always asks the crowd.
She always asks the same question.
She always believes in me.
She always believes me.
She always biked.
She always blames others for her mistakes.
She always boasts among people.
She always boasts of being a good swimmer.
She always boasts of her luck.
She always bowed when she greeted me.
She always bowed when she greeted someone.
She always buys expensive clothes.
She always buys milk.
She always buys nothing but the best of everything.
She always cared about my health.
She always carries a Bible.
She always carries a book with her.
She always carries a charm against evil.
She always carries her camera with her.
She always carries the Holy Bible about.
She always chooses the most expensive thing on the menu.
She always claimed to have been just another one of his victims.
She always clears the table after a meal.
She always comes here at home.
She always comes to sleep with me.
She always comforted herself with music when she was lonely.
She always complains about her job.
She always complains about the teacher.
She always complains of her teacher.
She always complains, doesn't she?
She always conducted herself honorably and gracefully.
She always conducted herself honourably and gracefully.
She always conducted herself with honour and grace.
She always confuses salt and sugar.
She always considered him a faithful husband.
She always cries when he is drunk.
She always cries when she chops onions.
She always destroys my mood with her caustic remarks.
She always did her best to help him.
She always did her best to help me.
She always does her best.
She always does that by herself.
She always does that for him.
She always does that.
She always does this.
She always dresses in black.
She always dresses very modestly.
She always dresses very simply.
She always drinks her coffee black.
She always drinks her coffee strong.
She always eats lunch with him.
She always expects me to help her.
She always exuded great energy.
She always fed her children before she fed her dog.
She always feels happy when she sees him.
She always finds fault in everything.
She always finds fault with the way I do things.
She always forgets my telephone number.
She always fulfills her promises.
She always gets away with everything.
She always gets everything she wants.
She always gets her own way.
She always gets lost.
She always gets up at six.
She always gets up early.
She always gets what she wants.
She always gives an instant answer.
She always gives her baby noodles for food.
She always gives me such an effusive welcome when I visit her.
She always gives me the cold shoulder.
She always goes fishing by herself.
She always goes home by herself.
She always goes to bed late.
She always goes to church with him.
She always goes to school too late.
She always goes to the doctor.
She always goes to the library on Thursday.
She always got everything she wanted.
She always got out of washing-up.
She always got top marks.
She always got up early.
She always got what she wanted.
She always had a liking for round numbers.
She always had a predilection for round numbers.
She always had a sad look on her face.
She always had a smile on her face.
She always had fights in the family.
She always had to do everything herself.
She always has a serious look on her face.
She always has a smile on her face.
She always has an emotional outburst when arguing.
She always has her ducks in a row.
She always has her hair done by a famous hairdresser.
She always has her harmonica with her.
She always has more than I have.
She always has more than me.
She always has some axe to grind.
She always has such glowing youthful skin.
She always has time in the afternoon.
She always has to be the one giving orders.
She always has to butt in!
She always has to carp about everything.
She always has to have her own way.
She always has to put her two cents in!
She always helped us.
She always helps him.
She always interacts with the audience.
She always interferes with him.
She always invites me to lunch.
She always jogged.
She always keeps a stick in her hand.
She always keeps her appointments.
She always keeps her dog chained up.
She always keeps her hair clean.
She always keeps her promises.
She always keeps her room clean.
She always keeps her room in good order.
She always keeps her room neat and tidy.
She always keeps her room neat.
She always keeps her word.
She always keeps the garden.
She always kept a flash drive on her key ring, just in case.
She always kept her mouth shut.
She always kisses up to teachers.
She always knows better than the boss.
She always leaves for school too late.
She always leaves her computer on.
She always leaves her dirty dishes in the sink.
She always leaves the keys lying about somewhere.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
She always lies.
She always listens to music while she studies.
She always looked happy, but in fact she'd never once had anything to be happy about.
She always looked happy, but in fact she’d never once had anything to be happy about.
She always looked happy, but never was.
She always looked happy.
She always looked, but never was, happy.
She always looks happy, but she is not happy at all.
She always looks happy.
She always looks like she's half-asleep, but once she gets into an argument, she really goes to town.
She always looks like she’s half-asleep, but once she gets into an argument, she really goes to town.
She always looks pale.
She always loves to learn new things.
She always makes a fool of her husband.
She always misses the bus.
She always mistook the sugar for salt.
She always needs some kind of therapy.
She always opens the door of her house for him.
She always opens the door of her house for me.
She always orders the same thing.
She always paints her nails red.
She always pays attention to her children's behavior.
She always pays attention to her children’s behavior.
She always pays her rent on time.
She always picks fault with him.
She always plays big, never settling for mediocrity in her endeavors.
She always practices the piano before dinner.
She always prides herself on her academic background.
She always put up a brave face, but I could tell she was struggling inside.
She always puts herself first.
She always puts on diapers.
She always questions his stories.
She always remembers us at holidays.
She always reminds me of her mother.
She always repeats the same question.
She always runs away from her responsibilities.
She always said she could do that.
She always said she was lucky.
She always said what was on her mind.
She always says nice things about him, especially when he's around.
She always says nice things about him, especially when he’s around.
She always says nice things about him.
She always says no.
She always says that.
She always says the same thing.
She always says what she thinks.
She always seemed rather serious so it was nice to see her laugh for a change.
She always seemed rather serious, so it was nice to see her laugh for a change.
She always seems nervous around him.
She always seems to agree with him.
She always seems to be by herself.
She always seems to be nervous, but at least she's relaxed when she eats.
She always seems to be on the phone with him.
She always seems to be smiling.
She always seems to be with him.
She always seems to get her own way.
She always sees beauty in the little things.
She always sets the tone.
She always shouts when she is angry.
She always shouts when she's angry.
She always showed up too soon.
She always shows up for taco Tuesdays.
She always sides with the weak.
She always sleeps at 11 o'clock in the evening.
She always sleeps with the window open.
She always smiles at me.
She always smiles.
She always smoked.
She always speaks English.
She always speaks French to him.
She always speaks her mind.
She always speaks ill of others.
She always speaks in English.
She always speaks in a low voice.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he’s hard of hearing.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She always spoke the truth.
She always spreads positive energy.
She always stands up for her convictions.
She always stayed by my side.
She always stays behind to cleans up to help her mother.
She always stood by me.
She always studies listening to music.
She always studies while listening to music.
She always sweeps the floor clean.
She always takes care of her children.
She always takes care of me.
She always takes good care of her old father.
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.
She always takes her time in choosing her dress.
She always takes hours to get ready.
She always talks about Kabyle dresses.
She always talks about herself.
She always talks about him.
She always talks about you guys.
She always talks about you.
She always talks to me.
She always talks with a smile on her lips.
She always talks with me.
She always tells the truth.
She always tended to be plump.
She always thinks she's right.
She always thought she could get out of it.
She always thought the library was a magical place.
She always took care of him.
She always treated me well.
She always tries her best.
She always tries something new.
She always tries to appear more empty-headed and frivolous than she really is.
She always tries to get your full attention.
She always tries to help other people.
She always tries to help others.
She always turns a deaf ear to my advice.
She always urges him to try new things.
She always used to smoke.
She always walks to school.
She always walks with a light step.
She always wanted love.
She always wanted to be a teacher.
She always wanted to do things her way.
She always wanted to like him more than she actually did.
She always wanted to start a family.
She always wants me to help her.
She always wants to be on top.
She always wants to be the centre of your attention.
She always wants to do everything by herself.
She always wears black clothes.
She always wears black.
She always wears clothes that stand out.
She always wears clothes which are out of fashion.
She always wears fashionable clothes.
She always wears flashy clothes.
She always wears her seatbelt.
She always wears jeans.
She always wears striking clothes.
She always wears too much scent.
She always winds up a conversation with a wave of her hand.
She always wins arguments.
She always wished she had more money.
She always wore trendy clothes.
She always works hard.
She always writes down every word her teacher says.
She always writes to her mother every week.
She always yells at her children.
She always yells when she's angry.
She always yielded to his opinion.
She analysed the results.
She analyzed the data from the stars.
She analyzed the storm patterns.
She analyzes astrological charts.
She analyzes cultural influences.
She analyzes the variables carefully.
She and Anne got married.
She and I agree.
She and I agreed.
She and I are Brazilian.
She and I are about the same height.
She and I are afraid of him.
She and I are both waiting for him.
She and I are brother and sister.
She and I are classmates.
She and I are complete opposites.
She and I are cousins.
She and I are different but we respect each other a lot.
She and I are friends with him.
She and I are friends.
She and I are going to the beach tomorrow.
She and I are going to the coast tomorrow.
She and I are in front of our tent.
She and I are in the same class.
She and I are looking for him.
She and I are mad at him.
She and I are of an age.
She and I are siblings.
She and I are teachers.
She and I are the same age.
She and I are with him.
She and I aren't going to help him.
She and I aren't scared of him.
She and I both despise him.
She and I both don't like him.
She and I both glanced at him.
She and I both just stared at him.
She and I both know him.
She and I both looked at him.
She and I both stared at him.
She and I both trusted him.
She and I both voted for him.
She and I both wanted to go to Boston with him.
She and I both work for him.
She and I cried.
She and I despised him.
She and I did our best to help him.
She and I didn't live together until marriage.
She and I didn't wait for him.
She and I followed him.
She and I get on well.
She and I had a long conversation while we were waiting for him.
She and I have about the same number of stamps.
She and I have been married 30 years.
She and I have been married for ten years.
She and I have different last names.
She and I have helped him.
She and I have nothing in common.
She and I hold the same position in the company, but she earns more than I do.
She and I laughed at him.
She and I talked about it recently.
She and I talked about it the other day.
She and I tried to carry him.
She and I used to work for him.
She and I usually agree with each other.
She and I usually agree.
She and I usually have the same opinion.
She and I want to be friends.
She and I want to talk to him.
She and I went to Boston to see him.
She and I were able to help him.
She and I were in the same class in middle school.
She and I were raised in Kabylie.
She and I were unable to help him.
She and I weren't able to help him.
She and I'll go to Boston with him.
She and I'll go with him.
She and I'll help him.
She and Kate are good friends.
She and Yidir write letters to each other with big hopes.
She and he decided to go for a walk in the nearby woods.
She and her boyfriend found his mother's diaphragm in a little pouch in the bedside table.
She and her boyfriend live together.
She and her boyfriend were watching porn.
She and her brother-in-law share a close bond.
She and her father were both there.
She and her fiancée are together for so long, they are ready to get married.
She and her friends are mad about music.
She and her friends are outside.
She and her friends love music.
She and her husband were trying to have a baby.
She and her mother were extremely close.
She and her sister agreed on everything.
She and her sister are coming to visit tomorrow.
She and her staff can manage that.
She and her team are ready.
She and her twin sister were born just five minutes apart.
She and her twin sister were very close to each other.
She and her uncle were sad and forlorn in their neglect and disgrace.
She and her wife are coming.
She and hers are all very well.
She and many of the residents in this area have gotten used to the parrots.
She and the others are with him.
She angers us with her remarks.
She angrily stared at him.
She angrily threw the keys onto the table and stormed out of the flat.
She announced her decision Monday.
She announced her engagement to her lawyer friend.
She announced her engagement to him.
She announced her intention to retire.
She announced her plans to leave.
She announced she was retiring.
She announced to them she would remain there.
She annoyed Mina.
She annoys us with the noise of her hairdrier.
She answered all the questions with assurance.
She answered easily.
She answered effortlessly.
She answered evasively.
She answered exactly to that picture drawn by Otway in his Orphan. Indeed, if this woman had lived in the reign of James the First, her appearance alone would have hanged her, almost without any evidence.
She answered her own question.
She answered her phone.
She answered him with cold civility.
She answered him.
She answered in a motherly way.
She answered in impeccable English.
She answered in tears.
She answered me back.
She answered my letter right away.
She answered my letter soon.
She answered nothing.
She answered that she would visit me.
She answered the call.
She answered the questions.
She answered the telephone as soon as she heard the bell ring.
She answered through tears.
She answered to the description of the missing woman.
She answered us speaking English.
She answered while crying.
She answered with a nod.
She answered with ease.
She answered with hardly a smile.
She answered with tears in her eyes.
She answered with tears.
She answered without hesitation.
She answered you.
She answered, "I am Ruth your servant. Therefore spread the corner of your garment over your servant; for you are a near kinsman."
She answered: Dost thou think it a small matter, that thou hast taken my husband from me, unless thou take also my son's mandrakes? Rachel said: He shall sleep with thee this night, for thy son's mandrakes.
She answered: Whatsoever thou shalt command, I will do.
She answers requests for information from Monday morning to Wednesday afternoon.
She answers us whenever we ask her a question.
She answers us whenever we call her.
She aped Mrs. Atherton of Brier Hill, in everything, and had the satisfaction of knowing that she was on all occasions quite as stylish-looking and well-dressed as that aristocratic lady whom she called her intimate friend.
She apologised for being late.
She apologized for being late.
She apologized for having offended him.
She apologized for her actions.
She apologized for her behavior.
She apologized for her delay.
She apologized for her mistake.
She apologized for stepping on my foot.
She apologized for the inconvenience she'd caused him.
She apologized for what she did.
She apologized for what she said.
She apologized profusely.
She apologized to her father for coming in so late.
She apologized to her teammates.
She apologized to him for being late.
She apologized to his father for coming home late.
She apologized to me for stepping on my foot.
She apologized to the waitress.
She apologized.
She apparently did that by herself.
She apparently doesn't know him.
She apparently doesn't remember him.
She apparently hasn't yet told him that she won't be going to Boston with him.
She apparently hasn't yet told him that she's not going to be at his party.
She apparently lost her passport.
She apparently wants to succeed.
She appealed to me because she was like people I had never met personally.
She appealed to me for help.
She appeals to me.
She appeared in my house.
She appeared to be dazzled by the sudden blaze of light.
She appeared to have forgotten my name.
She appeared unarmed.
She appeared unscathed after emerging from the wrecked automobile.
She appeared, I looked at her, she cleared my mind.
She appears to be a reality denier.
She appears to have a headache.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
She appears to have been rich.
She appears to have few friends.
She appears to have hanged herself.
She appears to have made the first move.
She appears to have many friends.
She appears to know a lot.
She appears to know him.
She appears to me to be cruel.
She appears well today.
She appeased her conscience.
She applauded the boy's performance on stage.
She applied a bandage to my hurt finger.
She applied a bandage to the wound.
She applied black mascara to her lashes.
She applied for a job as a saleswoman.
She applied for a job at the Algerian embassy in Moscow.
She applied for a job at the company that had not only bribed local officials but also caused huge problems for her own family.
She applied for a visa.
She applied for asylum in Japan.
She applied for college last week.
She applied for the membership in a golf club.
She applied for the position.
She applied for this job.
She applied her handkerchief to his wound.
She applied her mind to her new job.
She applied mud to her face.
She applied to him for help.
She applied to law school.
She applied to the chief for a vacation.
She applied to work at the Algerian consulate in Montreal.
She applied what she had learned in class to the experiment.
She appointed him as manager.
She appreciated our encouragement.
She appreciated the good things she had.
She appreciates his parents' love.
She appreciates the affection but needs balance.
She appreciates your help.
She approached Mina.
She approached him disguised as a police officer.
She approached him with a smile on her face.
She approached him.
She approached me.
She approached the door.
She approached the field.
She approached the problem from a philosophical perspective, considering its ethical implications.
She approached the rocks.
She approached.
She approaches everything with a businesslike attitude.
She approaches life with a smile.
She approved it.
She approved of my plan.
She approved of the wedding.
She approved that.
She ardently loves him.
She ardently waits for her husband's return.
She ardently waits for her husband’s return.
She argued that there is "misplaced optimism" about AI technology.
She argued with him about money.
She argued with him about raising children.
She argued with him about their children's education.
She argued with him about their children’s education.
She argued with him and then hit him.
She argued with him.
She argued with the bus driver.
She argued with the cop.
She argued with the neighbours again.
She argues for the sake of arguing.
She argues just for the sake of arguing.
She argues with her husband when he drinks.
She argues with her parents constantly.
She armed herself with a gun and a knife.
She armed herself with a knife.
She arranged a date with him.
She arranged fresh berries on top of the cake.
She arranged her hair for the party.
She arranged the books on the shelf crosswise to save space.
She arranged the dishes on the table.
She arranged the flowers beautifully.
She arranged the flowers.
She arranged to meet him at the coffee shop.
She arranges her bookshelves each month.
She arranges music for orchestras.
She arranges the buying and selling of houses in and around Deal.
She arrested me.
She arrested the man because he robbed the bank.
She arrested the thief.
She arrived ahead of him.
She arrived at 2.30 p.m. and Mary arrived a bit later.
She arrived at At Khelifa.
She arrived at a huge mansion.
She arrived at half past two and Mary arrived a bit later.
She arrived at school on time in spite of the blizzard.
She arrived at school on time in spite of the snowstorm.
She arrived at the airport.
She arrived at the family's estate.
She arrived at the hospital.
She arrived at the house.
She arrived at the location.
She arrived at the party with him.
She arrived at the resort.
She arrived at the spot.
She arrived at the station.
She arrived at the town last Monday.
She arrived fifteen minutes late.
She arrived from Japan at the age of 10.
She arrived home two and a half days later.
She arrived home.
She arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
She arrived in a car.
She arrived in time for her bus.
She arrived just as I was leaving.
She arrived just before the meeting started.
She arrived late as usual.
She arrived late because of the snow.
She arrived late because she'd overslept.
She arrived late.
She arrived on Sunday.
She arrived on time.
She arrived on time. I arrived in time.
She arrived quickly.
She arrived shortly after him.
She arrived there before Tom.
She arrived there before him.
She arrived there before them.
She arrived there before you.
She arrived too early.
She arrived unannounced.
She arrived very late.
She arrived wearing a limited collection dress.
She arrived when we were about to leave.
She arrived with a group at a dance competition.
She arrived with the royal seal.
She arrived yesterday.
She arrived, I glimpsed her, she distracted me.
She arrived.
She arrogantly answered in my place.
She articulates her points clearly.
She as well as her friends is fond of music.
She ascertained that the novel was based on facts.
She ascribed her failure to bad luck.
She asked Bob to teach her how to ski.
She asked God for forgiveness.
She asked Maria to look after the children.
She asked Mary to find her little boy.
She asked Mary to stop smoking.
She asked Mary where the dog was.
She asked Shinji to take Rei's ID-card to her the next day.
She asked Shinji to take Rei’s ID-card to her the next day.
She asked Skura for her telephone number.
She asked a few questions about Rima.
She asked a few questions about us.
She asked a passer-by for directions.
She asked a passer-by the way.
She asked a pretty good question.
She asked a question.
She asked a very good question.
She asked about her father.
She asked about him.
She asked about his father's condition.
She asked about my school.
She asked about the location of the house.
She asked about the others.
She asked about you.
She asked after her friend.
She asked after his father.
She asked after my mother.
She asked after my parents' health when I met her the other day.
She asked after my parents’ health when I met her the other day.
She asked again.
She asked anxiously.
She asked for a laptop.
She asked for a pay rise.
She asked for a pen.
She asked for a picture.
She asked for a raise.
She asked for an advance.
She asked for an honest answer.
She asked for an increase in her wages.
She asked for divorce because she's always beaten.
She asked for help, but no one came.
She asked for her father.
She asked for her money back.
She asked for more and more money.
She asked for more time.
She asked for my assistance.
She asked for my help.
She asked for my number.
She asked for my permission to use the telephone.
She asked for my resignation.
She asked for pictures.
She asked for water.
She asked for your help.
She asked her boss for a pay raise.
She asked her boss for a raise.
She asked her father if she could go to the cinema.
She asked her father whether she could go to the cinema.
She asked her for something to drink.
She asked her friend for advice.
She asked her friend to bring her a chemistry book.
She asked her how to get to the station.
She asked her husband to go and fetch some milk.
She asked her mother to buy her a Kabyle dress.
She asked her students not to forget her homework.
She asked her teacher for advice.
She asked him about his family.
She asked him about his grandmother.
She asked him about his job in Boston.
She asked him about his job.
She asked him about his life in Australia.
She asked him about his new girlfriend.
She asked him about his new job in Boston.
She asked him about his new job.
She asked him and he said yes.
She asked him and his friends for help.
She asked him for help.
She asked him for his advice.
She asked him for his autograph.
She asked him for his number.
She asked him for his opinion.
She asked him for his phone number.
She asked him for his telephone number.
She asked him for some money to buy a new dress.
She asked him for some money.
She asked him his age.
She asked him how he liked his new job.
She asked him how his father was feeling.
She asked him how to get to his house.
She asked him how to get to the station.
She asked him how to turn off the machine.
She asked him how to turn on the machine.
She asked him if he knew my telephone number.
She asked him if he knew where I lived.
She asked him if he really wanted to do that by himself.
She asked him if he was Joseph.
She asked him if he was a student at this school.
She asked him if he was happy.
She asked him if he'd enjoyed himself at the party.
She asked him if she could borrow his French textbook.
She asked him if she could borrow his bicycle.
She asked him if she could copy his notes.
She asked him if she could go home.
She asked him if she could hold his hand.
She asked him if she could kiss him.
She asked him if she could read his mother's letter.
She asked him if she could sit next to him.
She asked him not to go there by himself.
She asked him not to go without him.
She asked him not to leave her alone.
She asked him out and he said yes.
She asked him out on a date, but he said no since he thought girls should not ask boys out.
She asked him out on a date.
She asked him out, but he said no.
She asked him questions that he couldn't answer.
She asked him questions that he couldn’t answer.
She asked him questions.
She asked him some questions, but he refused to answer.
She asked him some questions.
She asked him to adjust the TV set.
She asked him to behave himself.
She asked him to call her later, but he forgot to.
She asked him to call her later.
She asked him to carry her bag for her.
She asked him to carry her bag.
She asked him to come into her house, but he refused.
She asked him to come into her house.
She asked him to come over to her.
She asked him to come over to hers.
She asked him to do her homework for her.
She asked him to do that by himself.
She asked him to drop by on his way home.
She asked him to explain his answer.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
She asked him to give her some money.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage, but he said that he was too busy to help.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage.
She asked him to help his father clean the garage.
She asked him to help his father to clean the garage, but he said he was too busy to help.
She asked him to leave and take all his belongings.
She asked him to lend her his pencil.
She asked him to let her copy his homework.
She asked him to lower his voice.
She asked him to mail that letter.
She asked him to marry her because he wouldn't ask her.
She asked him to marry her because he wouldn’t ask her.
She asked him to marry her.
She asked him to mind his own business.
She asked him to not quit his job because they were poor and needed the money.
She asked him to not quit his job.
She asked him to open the window.
She asked him to put out the light before leaving.
She asked him to quit his job.
She asked him to raise the funds.
She asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses.
She asked him to read it for her.
She asked him to reconsider him decision.
She asked him to send her his picture.
She asked him to sit down.
She asked him to stay, but he didn't want to.
She asked him to stay, but he didn’t want to.
She asked him to stay, but he had to go to work.
She asked him to take his jacket off.
She asked him to tie her shoes for her.
She asked him what he had in his suitcase.
She asked him what his father's name was.
She asked him what his last name was.
She asked him what his opinion was.
She asked him what his plan was.
She asked him what was in his suitcase.
She asked him when he'd bought his car.
She asked him where Jessie was.
She asked him where he lived, but he was too smart to tell her.
She asked him where he lived.
She asked him where his house was.
She asked him where she'd parked his car.
She asked him who had given him the picture.
She asked him who his French teacher was.
She asked him who his girlfriend was.
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn’t answer.
She asked him why he was crying.
She asked how his father was.
She asked how she could help.
She asked how to cook fish.
She asked how to cook the fish.
She asked how you were.
She asked if I could sew.
She asked if I felt like cooking something.
She asked if I liked her.
She asked if I need a taxi.
She asked if I needed a taxi.
She asked if anybody knew anything about him.
She asked if anyone had seen him.
She asked if anyone knew anything about him.
She asked if she could convert some of her compensatory time off into additional pay.
She asked if she could do that.
She asked if she could extend her overtime leave due to unforeseen circumstances.
She asked if she could have some milk.
She asked if she could help.
She asked if she could speak French.
She asked if she could use my phone.
She asked if she could use the phone, so I let her.
She asked if she had to do that.
She asked if she might go home early.
She asked if she needed to do that.
She asked if she was invited.
She asked if the two words were cognates.
She asked if we had any plans for Sunday afternoon.
She asked me a question about math.
She asked me a question.
She asked me a simple question.
She asked me about him.
She asked me about my mother.
She asked me about the results of the exam.
She asked me for a drawing of a dolphin, and he asked me for one of a cat, so I did both for them.
She asked me for an unreasonable sum of money.
She asked me for help when she was in trouble.
She asked me for help.
She asked me for money.
She asked me how long ago my parents died.
She asked me how many languages I spoke.
She asked me how old I was.
She asked me how she could help.
She asked me if I agreed with her.
She asked me if I agreed with him.
She asked me if I could help her.
She asked me if I could help him.
She asked me if I could sew.
She asked me if I despised him.
She asked me if I have a web cam.
She asked me if I knew Tom's address.
She asked me if I knew Tom’s address.
She asked me if I knew her address.
She asked me if I knew him.
She asked me if I knew his address.
She asked me if I knew how to read.
She asked me if I knew how to sew.
She asked me if I knew the woman personally.
She asked me if I liked her.
She asked me if I loved her.
She asked me if I missed her.
She asked me if I remembered what day it was. I said I did.
She asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with her.
She asked me if I wanted to sleep with her.
She asked me if I was all right.
She asked me if I wasn't feeling well.
She asked me if I would be free next Sunday.
She asked me if I would help her.
She asked me if I'd help her.
She asked me if I'd seen her father.
She asked me if I'd seen his father.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
She asked me if she could do that.
She asked me if she could use the phone.
She asked me not to help her.
She asked me not to help him.
She asked me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
She asked me out on a date.
She asked me out.
She asked me permission.
She asked me some questions about him.
She asked me to be her friend.
She asked me to bring them.
She asked me to call her.
She asked me to carry her suitcase.
She asked me to come to her bedside.
She asked me to come to her house.
She asked me to continue writing to your father.
She asked me to cut her hair.
She asked me to dance.
She asked me to do her homework for her.
She asked me to do it for her.
She asked me to do it for him.
She asked me to do it.
She asked me to do that for her.
She asked me to do that for him.
She asked me to do this for her.
She asked me to do this for him.
She asked me to find him.
She asked me to forgive her.
She asked me to give her money.
She asked me to give you this.
She asked me to go to Boston with her.
She asked me to go to the supermarket with him.
She asked me to go with her.
She asked me to go with him.
She asked me to help find him.
She asked me to help her do that.
She asked me to help her out.
She asked me to help her with her assignment.
She asked me to help her with the work.
She asked me to help him.
She asked me to keep an eye on him.
She asked me to keep track of him.
She asked me to kiss her.
She asked me to leave her alone.
She asked me to leave the room.
She asked me to lend her money.
She asked me to lend her my pencil.
She asked me to lend her some money.
She asked me to look after her baby in her absence.
She asked me to look after him.
She asked me to meet her at the station.
She asked me to meet her here.
She asked me to open the window.
She asked me to pass her the salt.
She asked me to pay her a visit.
She asked me to pick her up at the station.
She asked me to polish her shoes.
She asked me to proofread her essay.
She asked me to protect him.
She asked me to read 5 poems.
She asked me to read her some poems.
She asked me to say goodbye for her.
She asked me to sell her my car.
She asked me to sit next to her.
She asked me to speak to him.
She asked me to stay and help her.
She asked me to stay and help him.
She asked me to stay away from her.
She asked me to stay till her mother came home.
She asked me to stay.
She asked me to take a look at it.
She asked me to take care of him.
She asked me to take care of the boy when she's away.
She asked me to take care of the boy when she's not here.
She asked me to take her to the zoo.
She asked me to take it to him.
She asked me to talk to him.
She asked me to tell you that if you don't meet her at nine o'clock tomorrow you will never see her again.
She asked me to throw her the ball.
She asked me to wake her at six.
She asked me to wake her up at six.
She asked me to wash her car.
She asked me to write a letter to a friend of hers in Germany.
She asked me to.
She asked me what I expected.
She asked me what I was expecting.
She asked me what had become of him, but I didn't know.
She asked me what had become of him, but I didn’t know.
She asked me what had become of him.
She asked me what had happened to him.
She asked me what my problem was.
She asked me what she should do next.
She asked me when I was going to bed.
She asked me when she should do that.
She asked me where I was going.
She asked me where she should park.
She asked me where she should put her coat.
She asked me where to go.
She asked me whether I can read and write.
She asked me whether I know how to sew.
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.
She asked me whether I was all right.
She asked me whether I was happy.
She asked me whether I was perhaps not feeling very well.
She asked me whether she could use the telephone.
She asked me who I thought was going to win the tournament.
She asked me who I thought would win the tournament.
She asked me who had arrived first.
She asked me why I didn't like her.
She asked me why it was getting dark so early.
She asked me: "Who arrived first?"
She asked my for my permission to use the phone.
She asked my permission.
She asked not to be identified.
She asked nothing but love.
She asked one question too many.
She asked several question of us.
She asked several questions of us.
She asked something I didn't really understand.
She asked that she not be disturbed.
She asked that she not be identified.
She asked the clerk at the hotel reception to dial the number for her.
She asked the doctor about him.
She asked the doctor to come and see her son again the next day.
She asked the massage therapist to focus on her calves and thighs.
She asked the massage therapist to focus on her chest and back.
She asked the office, in order to obtain more detailed information.
She asked the police for protection.
She asked the police to protect her.
She asked the same question of everyone in turn.
She asked the stranger who she was.
She asked the teacher for help.
She asked them to return to Algeria.
She asked them to take their shoes off.
She asked too many questions at church.
She asked us if we would like to cook.
She asked us several questions.
She asked us to be quiet.
She asked us to dinner.
She asked us to follow her.
She asked us to forgive her.
She asked us to go with him.
She asked us to have dinner at her house afterward.
She asked us to help her.
She asked us to leave her alone.
She asked us to trust her.
She asked us to trust him.
She asked what lies beyond the stars.
She asked what she could do to help.
She asked why she had to do that.
She asked you to search.
She asks a lot of questions.
She asks for your opinion.
She asks if you are afraid of snakes.
She asks my advice.
She asks questions about the education of children.
She asks questions to understand better.
She asks you to wait.
She aspired to any sort of career.
She aspired to become an actress.
She aspires to becoming a great actress.
She assailed him with malicious remarks.
She assembled the cake using a sturdy cake base.
She assembled the motor.
She assembles computers.
She asserted that she was right.
She assigned him to the job.
She assigned the job to him.
She assigned the work to him.
She assisted her brother with his homework.
She assisted her mother in caring for the baby.
She assumed an air of indifference.
She assumed everyone would be for the plan.
She assumed he'd like the present she bought for him.
She assumed that everyone would be for the plan.
She assumed the role of a guide.
She assumes I can't keep up with her standards.
She assumes an air of modesty.
She assured him that everything was OK.
She assured him that she'd help him paint the ceiling of his kitchen.
She assured me.
She assured us she'd cooperate.
She assured you the project would be completed on time.
She at least, she can face them!
She ate a croissant.
She ate a doughnut.
She ate a fourth of the cake.
She ate a kale salad.
She ate a little.
She ate a quarter of the cake.
She ate a quince.
She ate a sandwich at her desk.
She ate a slice of pork pie with egg.
She ate a whole box of chocolates by herself.
She ate all her meals in her room.
She ate all of the meat.
She ate all that she wanted to eat.
She ate all the cookies by herself.
She ate all the food.
She ate an apple.
She ate an early lunch.
She ate an orange.
She ate and drank.
She ate apples.
She ate apricots.
She ate at her desk.
She ate bread, pepper, and tomato.
She ate breakfast all by herself.
She ate by herself even though she'd hoped to eat with him.
She ate by herself.
She ate candies one after another until she was completely full.
She ate dinner by herself.
She ate everything on her plate.
She ate half the cake by herself.
She ate her breakfast quietly.
She ate her dinner.
She ate her fill.
She ate her lunch at her desk.
She ate her money.
She ate her salad.
She ate her sandwich at her desk.
She ate just as much meat as her father.
She ate like a little bird.
She ate lunch at Linda’s restaurant.
She ate lunch at her desk.
She ate lunch by herself in her cubicle.
She ate lunch by herself.
She ate lunch early.
She ate lunch with him.
She ate marrow.
She ate meatloaves.
She ate my delicious duck.
She ate nothing but lean meat.
She ate nothing for lunch.
She ate nothing.
She ate one apple.
She ate one sweet after another until she was completely full.
She ate only lean meat.
She ate quickly.
She ate the apple you gave her.
She ate the apple.
She ate the bread.
She ate the cake.
She ate the entire bag of popcorn by herself.
She ate the whole apple.
She ate the whole cake by herself.
She ate the whole pizza by herself.
She ate the whole watermelon by herself.
She ate tomatoes.
She ate two hard-boiled eggs.
She ate until she was full.
She ate well.
She ate what she wanted.
She attached a photo.
She attacked Nuja.
She attacked him with a baseball bat.
She attacked him with a knife.
She attacked him with a pair of scissors.
She attacked him with harsh words.
She attacked him with her fists.
She attacked him.
She attacked me.
She attacked the enemy.
She attacked the monster.
She attained everlasting fame through her work.
She attained her success through hard work.
She attained the age of eighty one.
She attempted suicide.
She attempted to commit suicide.
She attempted to kill herself.
She attempted to persuade her father.
She attempted to rescue him.
She attempted to smuggle diamonds into Algeria.
She attempted to swim across the Thames.
She attended Harvard.
She attended Vladimir's school concert.
She attended an Islamic school.
She attended college.
She attended on her sick husband.
She attended on him.
She attended that meeting.
She attended the ceremony where she was given a service award.
She attended the lecture on social welfare.
She attended the meeting at the request of the chairman.
She attended the meeting.
She attended the party dressed to the nines.
She attended the wedding.
She attends Bible study.
She attends an evangelical church that focuses on biblical teachings.
She attends cultural meetings.
She attends music school full-time.
She attends primary school.
She attends school at night.
She attends state school.
She attracted all the young men in the neighborhood.
She attracted me at first sight.
She attracted our attention.
She attracted the wrong kind of people.
She attracts hairy men.
She attributed her failure to her illness.
She attributed her failure to illness.
She attributed her success to good luck.
She attributed her success to luck.
She authorizes her children to grow their hair long.
She availed herself of every opportunity to improve her English.
She availed herself of every opportunity.
She averted her eyes.
She avoided answering my questions.
She avoided him like the plague.
She avoided him whenever possible.
She avoided him.
She avoided his eyes.
She avoided his look.
She avoided problems.
She avoided that.
She avoided the question.
She avoids attachment.
She avoids eating meat.
She avoids generalizations.
She avoids her reflection, convinced she isn't good-looking.
She avoids his look.
She avoids me.
She avoids risky choices to stay in their good graces.
She avoids texting.
She awaited her husband with the house so tidy that the flies would have heart attacks.
She awakened you.
She awarded the poet.
She awoke at the crack of dawn.
She awoke him.
She awoke in the middle of the night.
She babbled out the secret to her friend.
She babysat him.
She backed away.
She backed her car into a tree.
She backed her car into a wall.
She backed her car into the garage.
She backed him into a corner and he finally admitted that he had been unfaithful to her.
She backed into a stack of books.
She backed into her parking space.
She backed out at the last moment.
She backed out of her parking space.
She backed up her data.
She backstabbed him.
She bade farewell to me.
She bade me good-by.
She bade me tell you that if you don't meet her at nine o'clock tomorrow you will never see her again.
She badly needed the money.
She baked a Swiss roll with raspberry filling in just one hour.
She baked a birthday cake for him.
She baked a cake for her friend.
She baked a cake for him.
She baked a delicious cake for Vladimir's birthday.
She baked a fougasse.
She baked a ham.
She baked a pie.
She baked an apple pie for him.
She baked an apple pie.
She baked biscuits.
She baked bread and cakes in the oven.
She baked bread.
She baked brownies for him.
She baked brownies.
She baked cookies for the boy.
She baked cookies.
She baked delicious buns.
She baked delicious empanadas for the party.
She baked her husband an apple pie.
She baked her teacher some cookies.
She baked him a cake for his birthday.
She baked him a cake for his party.
She baked me a cake.
She baked some biscuits.
She baked some brownies for him.
She baked some cakes.
She baked some chocolate brownies.
She baked some cookies for him.
She baked three cakes.
She bakes bread in her new oven.
She bakes her own bread.
She bakes with butter.
She balanced the bat on her shoulder before batting.
She bandaged her own leg.
She bandaged his finger with a handkerchief.
She bandaged the wound.
She banged her head against the wall repeatedly.
She banged her knee on the table.
She banged on the door.
She banged the table with her fist.
She baptized me. She's my godmother.
She barely ate anything.
She barely ate her lunch.
She barely covered her boobs.
She barely covered her breasts.
She barely glanced at the questions.
She barely knew him.
She barely managed.
She barely pays any attention to him.
She barely recognized him.
She barely speaks Berber.
She barely speaks English.
She barely speaks to me anymore.
She barely touched her breakfast.
She barely touched her dinner.
She barely touched her food.
She barely touched her lunch.
She barely was able to get out of bed.
She barged in.
She barked.
She barricaded herself in his bedroom.
She barricaded herself in his room.
She barricaded herself inside his room.
She barricaded the doors.
She bars the way.
She basically said that, without going into details.
She bathed her ankle with hot water.
She batted her eyelashes.
She battled alcoholism after leaving the sport and now works as an outreach coordinator for the Hazelden Betty Ford drug and alcohol treatment centers.
She beamed at her baby.
She beamed proudly as she accepted the award.
She bears a striking resemblance to Ingrid Bergman, one of the great cinema beauties.
She bears an uncanny resemblance to Marilyn Monroe.
She bears herself very well.
She bears malice toward our group.
She beat Skura and Nuja.
She beat Skura at checkers.
She beat Skura unconscious.
She beat Skura up.
She beat Skura.
She beat Tom at chess.
She beat Yanni and Skura.
She beat Yanni.
She beat her children.
She beat her.
She beat him to death with a golf club.
She beat him to death.
She beat him up.
She beat him.
She beat me at chess.
She beat me to it.
She beat me.
She beat me. I had underestimated the power of a woman.
She beat off a big snake with a plastic toy bat.
She beat the cream for dessert.
She beat the enemy.
She beat the odds and won the lottery.
She beat the shit out of Tom.
She beat the shit out of him.
She beat the shit out of me with a baseball bat.
She beat the shit out of me.
She beat them.
She became Mother Teresa years later when she founded the Missionaries of Charity.
She became Muslim and he married her.
She became Muslim.
She became a Berber language teacher.
She became a Muslim.
She became a doctor.
She became a famous artist.
She became a famous painter.
She became a famous singer.
She became a great artist.
She became a great-great-grandmother just days before turning ninety-nine.
She became a mechanic.
She became a mother when she was fifteen years old.
She became a nun.
She became a nurse.
She became a police officer.
She became a policewoman.
She became a postman.
She became a shell of her former self.
She became a singer.
She became a sister to me.
She became a slave to money.
She became a teacher at the age of twenty.
She became a teacher when she was twenty.
She became a teacher.
She became a true friend of mine.
She became a vet.
She became a veterinarian.
She became a veterinary surgeon.
She became a woman.
She became afraid of him.
She became afraid.
She became aggressive.
She became agitated about her son's safety.
She became agitated about her son’s safety.
She became agitated.
She became an actress the following year.
She became an actress.
She became an architect.
She became an entirely different person.
She became an object of universal admiration.
She became angry with the system.
She became aware that her parents were watching her.
She became best friends with him.
She became concerned.
She became deaf from the explosion.
She became defensive.
She became disappointed.
She became distant.
She became drowsy after supper.
She became engaged to the rich man.
She became enraged.
She became exhausted.
She became famous after having written the screenplay for that movie.
She became famous as a mystery writer.
She became famous.
She became fat.
She became fluent in Berber.
She became fluent in English after about a year.
She became fonder and fonder of mankind, and longed more and more to be able to live among them.
She became friendly with him.
She became friends with him.
She became good friends with him.
She became happy.
She became his best travel partner.
She became hysterical.
She became infatuated with a German soccer player.
She became invisible.
She became involved with him.
She became livid.
She became more and more beautiful as she grew older.
She became more beautiful as she got older.
She became more tranquil.
She became obsessed with him.
She became obsessed with this song.
She became pale after hearing the news.
She became pale and flushed by turns.
She became paralyzed from the neck down.
She became pregnant when she was 15.
She became pregnant.
She became radicalized.
She became really popular at school.
She became reconciled with her friend.
She became rich by making ceramic pieces.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
She became rich through hard work.
She became rich.
She became scared when she noticed the man following her.
She became scared.
She became seasick in rough seas.
She became serious for a moment.
She became so happy that she started dancing.
She became sticky with sweat.
She became suspicious.
She became the director of the cardiology department at the city hospital.
She became the first woman to complete a two-way nonstop crossing of the channel in fifteen years.
She became the talk of the town.
She became thin worrying about his matters.
She became tired of always having to pay the bill every time she went out with him.
She became tired while working.
She became totally insane.
She became unavailable.
She became very anxious about her son's health.
She became very anxious about her son’s health.
She became very bored.
She became very good at it.
She became very ill.
She became very suspicious.
She became visible again.
She became vulnerable.
She became wealthy thanks to hard work.
She became wealthy.
She became wildly obsessed with that.
She became, in other words, a good wife.
She beckoned me into the room.
She beckoned me to come in.
She becomes drowsy after dinner.
She befriended a gay man.
She began browsing through the news stories.
She began clapping.
She began crying.
She began dancing at the age of eight.
She began doing her homework immediately after dinner.
She began dressing conservatively.
She began fixing herself a drink.
She began flirting with him.
She began her speech with a joke.
She began laughing out loud.
She began lessons in piano at age 6.
She began piano lessons when she was six years old.
She began putting on her shoes.
She began reading the spell.
She began reading the stories.
She began sending letters to him.
She began sniffing for clues.
She began speaking in a pretentious tone.
She began spending time in the backyard.
She began spending time with him.
She began strumming.
She began talking to a dog.
She began talking.
She began telling the rest of the story.
She began the following day, and then they found her.
She began threatening him.
She began to blush.
She began to cry again.
She began to cry as soon as she left the room.
She began to cry at the sight of his face.
She began to cry at the sight of my face.
She began to cry her heart out.
She began to cry in a loud voice.
She began to cry.
She began to dance.
She began to derive further pleasure from listening to music.
She began to despair of success.
She began to doubt his faithfulness.
She began to excel in the Berber language.
She began to fabricate a story.
She began to feel sorry for him.
She began to gain weight.
She began to get bored.
She began to get the feel of her new office.
She began to get upset.
She began to grumble and then to weep.
She began to kiss him.
She began to like him right away.
She began to make eyes at him.
She began to open the present from him.
She began to play an old song.
She began to pray.
She began to prettify herself.
She began to read the Quran.
She began to reveal her true behavior.
She began to scream.
She began to sing her favorite song and he harmonized with her.
She began to sing, and we chimed in.
She began to sing.
She began to study Islam.
She began to sweat.
She began to swim hurriedly towards the drowning boy.
She began to talk to a dog.
She began to talk to the dog.
She began to tickle him.
She began to weep bitterly.
She began to whistle to herself.
She began to wish she were dead.
She began to worry about him.
She began to yell at him.
She began walking in silence.
She began writing a report at eight, finishing it at twelve.
She began writing for a start-up newspaper, but her youthful enthusiasm, as yet unburdened by repression and its consequences, soon led to frustration with her editors.
She begged for forgiveness, but it was too late.
She begged for her life.
She begged for medical assistance.
She begged for mercy.
She begged for something to drink.
She begged him not to go there.
She begged him to remain at home, as she could hear the rain pattering against the window, but in spite of her entreaties he pulled on his large mackintosh and left the house.
She begged him to send her home.
She begged him to stay with her, but he left home as quickly as he could.
She begged him to stay.
She begged me not to hurt her.
She begged me not to hurt him.
She begged me to come.
She begged me to go with her.
She begged me to help her do it.
She begged me to help her do that.
She begged me to help her.
She begged me to help him.
She begged me to let her in.
She begged us to go with her.
She begged us to help her.
She begs me to forgive her.
She begs me to stay with her.
She beguiled me of my money.
She behaved as if she didn't know me.
She behaved as if she were a little girl to his sons.
She behaved as if she were insane.
She behaved exceptionally well.
She behaved herself.
She behaved quite abominably.
She behaved quite foolishly.
She behaved responsibly.
She behaved with a great courage.
She behaves aggressively.
She behaves as if she had been brought up in a good family.
She behaves in a childish way.
She behaves like a child.
She behaves obsequiously toward superiors.
She behaves well at home, but poorly at school.
She believed Mina immediately.
She believed Tom.
She believed everything I told her.
She believed he was innocent.
She believed herself to be beautiful.
She believed him when he said he loved her.
She believed in her love story a lot.
She believed in the depth of their bond.
She believed in the power of their connection.
She believed in the strength of their bond.
She believed in the strength of their connection.
She believed in their connection wholeheartedly.
She believed in their friendship wholeheartedly.
She believed in their unbreakable bond.
She believed in their unbreakable connection.
She believed in their unshakable bond.
She believed in witchcraft.
She believed me.
She believed she encountered her perfect companion.
She believed she'd found her dream partner.
She believed teaching was the key to a better future.
She believed that she could do that.
She believed that she could win.
She believed the story.
She believed what Skura said.
She believed you.
She believes Tom.
She believes he killed himself.
She believes her boyfriend is innocent.
She believes her boyfriend is not guilty.
She believes her life is in danger.
She believes her service award is a testament to her perseverance.
She believes her son is still alive.
She believes him, whatever he says.
She believes in God.
She believes in constant reinvention.
She believes in democratic values.
She believes in fairness.
She believes in living with purpose.They are always searching for meaning.
She believes in mutual gain.
She believes in naturopathy.
She believes in the power of self-expression.
She believes in the stork.
She believes in this.
She believes it.
She believes me.
She believes only her belongings are important.
She believes she can do that.
She believes she can prove it.
She believes she can prove this.
She believes she can win.
She believes she could do that.
She believes she's ready.
She believes she's right.
She believes that he can take care of himself.
She believes that he is innocent.
She believes that he won't ever cheat on her.
She believes that he'll never cheat on her.
She believes that her good health is a result of staying active.
She believes that jade has medicinal properties.
She believes that she can do that.
She believes that she can win.
She believes that.
She believes this.
She believes whatever he says.
She believes you.
She belittled Mira.
She belongs to the Democratic Party.
She belongs to the man who saved her.
She belongs to the new generation of rock.
She belongs to the tennis club.
She belted out tune after tune at the karaoke bar.
She bends down to remove a small tick from her ankle.
She bends over backwards to please him.
She benefited from the sound investment.
She bent awkwardly in front of me.
She bent down and hugged him.
She bent down and picked up the coin.
She bent down and touched her toes.
She bent down to pet her dog.
She bent down.
She bent forward.
She bent her head in shame.
She bent over backwards to please him.
She bent over him and kissed his fair brow, looked at the sky where the dawn was spreading fast; looked at the sharp knife, and again fixed her eyes on the prince who, in his dream, called his bride by name.
She bent over the child.
She bent over to tie her shoes.
She bequeathed all her good sense to her son.
She bestowed a gift on me.
She bet him that she could beat him at arm wrestling.
She betrayed Silya.
She betrayed her friends for money.
She betrayed her friends for the first time.
She betrayed him.
She betrayed his hiding place to the police.
She betrayed his trust.
She betrayed me.
She betrayed us.
She betrayed you.
She betrays everyone.
She bikes to school.
She bit her hair.
She bit her lip and didn't reply.
She bit her lip and said nothing in reply.
She bit her lip in concentration.
She bit her lip, saying nothing in reply.
She bit her lip.
She bit her lower lip.
She bit him.
She bit into the apple.
She bit into the forbidden fruit.
She bit me.
She bit off more than she could chew and was laughed at.
She bit the rope.
She bit us.
She bites her nails.
She bitterly regretted having said something that displeased her mother-in-law.
She blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
She blackmailed him.
She blamed John for the damage.
She blamed everybody except herself.
She blamed everyone except herself.
She blamed everything on him.
She blamed her failure on bad luck.
She blamed her little sister for everything.
She blamed her parents.
She blamed herself for his death.
She blamed herself for what happened.
She blamed herself.
She blamed him for all her problems.
She blamed him for his lateness.
She blamed him for many things.
She blamed him instead of herself.
She blamed it all on him.
She blamed it on him.
She blamed it on me.
She blamed me for everything.
She blamed others for her own failure.
She blamed the accident on him.
She blamed the damage on John.
She blamed the failure on him.
She blamed the problem on him.
She blames herself for what happened to him.
She blames me for the fact that our married life isn't going well.
She blames me for the fact that our married life isn’t going well.
She blames us.
She blanched at the bad news.
She blanched at the news.
She blandished him out of his black mood.
She blanked me in the street.
She blathered at me for three hours running.
She bleached her hair blond with peroxide.
She bleached her hair yesterday.
She bled me of all my money.
She blew a kiss at him.
She blew bubbles.
She blew her lines.
She blew her nose with her handkerchief.
She blew her nose.
She blew herself up accidentally.
She blew him a kiss.
She blew on her hands to warm them.
She blew out all eight of her birthday candles.
She blew out all the candles on the birthday cake.
She blew out every candle on her birthday cake.
She blew up a balloon and gave it to him.
She blew up the candles.
She blinked her eyes.
She blinked quickly to try to hide the tears welling up in her eyes.
She blinked to stop the tears.
She blocked a bunch of spam bots on Twitter.
She blocked him on Facebook.
She blocked his punch and kicked him again.
She blocked his way and wouldn't let him enter the room.
She blocked the entrance.
She blossoms from her heart.
She blow-dried her hair.
She blows all of her money on drugs.
She blunted the knife.
She blushed at his kind words.
She blushed at the thought.
She blushed because he was looking at her.
She blushed bright red.
She blushed deeply.
She blushed even more.
She blushed furiously.
She blushed like a schoolgirl.
She blushed red.
She blushed seeing it.
She blushed slightly.
She blushed when I kissed her.
She blushed when he called her the apple of his eye.
She blushed when he praised her.
She blushed with shame.
She blushed.
She blushes when she sees him.
She blushes.
She boarded the airplane with excitement.
She boarded the train.
She boards students.
She boasted of having won the first prize.
She boasts about her beauty.
She boasts about her daughter.
She boasts at our expense.
She boasts of her beauty.
She boasts of her car.
She boasts of her family.
She boasts that she can swim well.
She boasts that she's good at cooking.
She boasts that she’s good at cooking.
She bobbed at him.
She boiled an egg.
She boiled fresh corn for dinner.
She boiled herself an egg.
She boiled over with rage at his betrayal.
She boiled some eggs.
She boiled the eggs.
She boiled the milk.
She boiled the water.
She boils water to wash her hair.
She boldly went up to the king.
She bolted the doors and windows.
She booked a room.
She booked an appointment for him.
She booked it.
She bookmarked her favorite quotes in the book.
She bookmarked her favorite website.
She booted her boozing husband out of the house.
She bore also a third: whom she called Sela. After whose birth, she ceased to bear any more.
She bore her grief with dry eyes.
She bore her misfortunes with a brave spirit.
She bore her sorrow well.
She bore herself gracefully.
She bore him four children.
She bore no malice against you.
She bore the air of a lady.
She bore the pain bravely.
She bore up well under unfavorable circumstances.
She bores me.
She bores the students.
She borrowed $300 from him.
She borrowed a book from him many years ago and hasn't returned it yet.
She borrowed a book from him.
She borrowed a flashlight from him.
She borrowed a gun from him.
She borrowed a large amount of money from him.
She borrowed a novel from Tom.
She borrowed a pen from him.
She borrowed a pencil from him.
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.
She borrowed a thick tome on the theory of time travel.
She borrowed an umbrella from him.
She borrowed her neighbor's cat to get rid of the litter of mice.
She borrowed his hoodie.
She borrowed his idea.
She borrowed mine.
She borrowed money from her family.
She borrowed money from him.
She borrowed more money from the casino.
She borrowed my scissors.
She borrowed my shirt without asking.
She borrowed one of his T-shirts.
She borrowed some money from him.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn’t yet returned it.
She borrowed the book from him.
She borrowed the ruler.
She borrowed thirty bucks from him.
She borrowed thirty dollars from him.
She borrowed three books from him.
She borrowed three thousand dollars from him.
She borrows novels from Tom.
She bosses you around.
She botched the job.
She bought Nuja’s restaurant.
She bought a Chinese fan.
She bought a Christmas present for herself.
She bought a Christmas present for him.
She bought a Honda.
She bought a Hoover at the supermarket.
She bought a Kabyle dress from that store.
She bought a Kabyle dress.
She bought a Spanish-Basque dictionary?
She bought a baby chick.
She bought a beer for herself.
She bought a beer for him.
She bought a bicycle in order to go to school.
She bought a book about Islam.
She bought a book at the shop.
She bought a book for him.
She bought a book in the shop.
She bought a book in this shop.
She bought a book yesterday and gave it to him.
She bought a bottle of water.
She bought a box of cookies for him.
She bought a bracelet for him.
She bought a broom.
She bought a bunch of video equipment.
She bought a bundle of firewood, some wholemeal bread, some flour low in quality, and some milk.
She bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
She bought a camera for him.
She bought a camera from him.
She bought a camera to give to him.
She bought a car for him.
She bought a cat.
She bought a chick.
She bought a chicken.
She bought a coat.
She bought a copy of the Quran and read it.
She bought a couple of books and gave them to him.
She bought a couple of boots.
She bought a diamond ring for him.
She bought a dictionary for her sister.
She bought a dictionary for him.
She bought a dog for him.
She bought a dozen chocolate chip cookies for her son.
She bought a dozen eggs.
She bought a dozen nylon socks.
She bought a dress for her daughter.
She bought a drink for him.
She bought a few bars of chocolate.
She bought a few drinks for him.
She bought a flower for him.
She bought a formal dress for the Christmas Ball.
She bought a gift for her daughter.
She bought a gift for him.
She bought a gun to kill him.
She bought a hair brush and a tooth brush.
She bought a hairbrush and a toothbrush.
She bought a handbag, but she lost it the next day.
She bought a handkerchief for ten dollars.
She bought a hat for him.
She bought a hideous purse.
She bought a hot dog for him.
She bought a house for him.
She bought a house in the city.
She bought a huge mansion.
She bought a jumper for him.
She bought a kilo of Peruvian cocaine paste.
She bought a loaf of bread this morning.
She bought a loaf of bread.
She bought a lot of food.
She bought a microscope for him.
She bought a necklace for him.
She bought a new "moxiong".
She bought a new Kabyle dress.
She bought a new TV.
She bought a new adaptor for her laptop.
She bought a new blouse.
She bought a new car for him.
She bought a new car.
She bought a new computer.
She bought a new house the other day.
She bought a new shirt.
She bought a newspaper.
She bought a nice house in a nice neighborhood.
She bought a nice present for him.
She bought a nice toy for her child.
She bought a pair of black fishnet stockings.
She bought a pair of boots.
She bought a pair of walking boots.
She bought a phone.
She bought a present for her sister.
She bought a present for her son.
She bought a present for him.
She bought a present for his son.
She bought a present for their son.
She bought a puppy for him.
She bought a rose for him.
She bought a shawl for her mother.
She bought a shirt for him to wear to the party.
She bought a shirt for him.
She bought a shroud for herself long before she died.
She bought a small gift for him.
She bought a tea set.
She bought a ticket for him.
She bought a toaster, a coffeemaker, an egg cooker and a hand mixer.
She bought a toy for her child.
She bought a toy for her son.
She bought a toy for him.
She bought a toy for the boy.
She bought a toy for the kid.
She bought a vacuum cleaner at the supermarket.
She bought a very expensive mouse.
She bought a watch for herself.
She bought a waxing kit.
She bought a wool hat.
She bought a woollen pullover to give to him.
She bought a yard of cloth.
She bought an album for me.
She bought an apartment.
She bought an expensive Christmas present for herself.
She bought another handbag.
She bought articles of clothing one after another.
She bought balloons.
She bought bread.
She bought chicken.
She bought cocaine from him.
She bought eggs by the dozen.
She bought everything she needed.
She bought everything she wanted.
She bought flour and oil in quantity.
She bought flowers for him.
She bought from him some galena.
She bought her a Kabyle dress.
She bought her a shirt.
She bought her children some toys.
She bought her daughter a dress.
She bought her daughter a very expensive Kabyle dress.
She bought her dream house.
She bought her first hijab in Algeria.
She bought her first hijab.
She bought her mother flowers.
She bought her new Kabyle dress in Algiers.
She bought her sister a Kabyle dress.
She bought her sister a present.
She bought her son a camera.
She bought herself a blue T-shirt.
She bought herself a boat.
She bought herself a camera.
She bought herself a coat.
She bought herself a cup of coffee.
She bought herself a dress.
She bought herself a microscope.
She bought herself a new bathing suit.
She bought herself a new car.
She bought herself a new computer.
She bought herself a new guitar for Christmas.
She bought herself a new saxophone.
She bought herself a new sports car.
She bought herself a new toothbrush.
She bought herself a new truck.
She bought herself a nice car.
She bought herself a pair of boots.
She bought herself a pair of high heels.
She bought herself a pair of rubber boots.
She bought herself a pair of snow boots.
She bought herself a red convertible.
She bought herself a sports car.
She bought herself a sweater.
She bought herself a ticket.
She bought herself a watch.
She bought herself an expensive watch.
She bought herself an ice cream.
She bought herself one, too.
She bought herself one.
She bought herself some new clothes.
She bought him a birthday present.
She bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket.
She bought him a camera.
She bought him a car but, as he had no driving licence, he couldn't drive it anywhere.
She bought him a car, but he didn't have a driver's license so he couldn't drive it anywhere.
She bought him a car, but he didn’t have a driver’s license so he couldn’t drive it anywhere.
She bought him a car.
She bought him a dog, but he was allergic to dogs, so they had to get rid of it.
She bought him a dog.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
She bought him a jumper, but he hated the colour.
She bought him a jumper.
She bought him a nice birthday present.
She bought him a sweater, but he hated the color.
She bought him a sweater.
She bought him a ticket.
She bought him a vest.
She bought him some candy.
She bought his book.
She bought it at the butcher's.
She bought it at the butcher’s.
She bought it for him.
She bought it for us.
She bought it with her own money.
She bought it.
She bought many gifts for him.
She bought me a new dictionary.
She bought me a nice coat.
She bought me a watch.
She bought me a wristwatch.
She bought new gloves.
She bought new laces for her shoes.
She bought one for herself, too.
She bought one for herself.
She bought one of those cats that is half-wild and barely legal, and her husband is pissed.
She bought quite a few things.
She bought several books in a bookstore.
She bought shoes.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
She bought some candy for him.
She bought some clothes for him.
She bought some food for him.
She bought some fresh vegetables without having to wait in line.
She bought some lipstick for him.
She bought some meat and eggs so that she might make omelets.
She bought some paper that she could use for writing letters.
She bought some rye bread.
She bought some vegetables yesterday.
She bought something.
She bought stuff from Dior.
She bought that camera while she was in Japan.
She bought that dictionary too.
She bought that for us.
She bought that.
She bought the book for next to nothing.
She bought the books she needed.
She bought the boots she lost in the boat last year.
She bought the dictionary, too.
She bought the dress on impulse.
She bought the hot dog stand.
She bought the house with the money she made on YouTube.
She bought the old table for next to nothing.
She bought them a dog.
She bought this Kabyle dress for Taninna.
She bought this book because she wanted to better understand the history of her country.
She bought this for me.
She bought this pen at that store.
She bought this pen from this shop.
She bought three acres of lakefront property.
She bought three new picks.
She bought two dozen eggs.
She bought two pairs of polka dot stockings.
She bought two pairs of socks.
She bought two pounds of butter.
She bought vegetables yesterday.
She bought very good clothes.
She bought what she needed to buy.
She bought what she needed.
She bought what she wanted.
She bought.
She bounced up and down on the bed, full of energy.
She bound her hair with a ribbon.
She bound her long flowing hair tightly round her head.
She bowed deeply to me.
She bowed down.
She bowed her head and prayed.
She bowed her head in shame.
She bowed her head.
She bowed in acknowledgment of their applause.
She bowed in thanks.
She bowed out of the race before it was too late.
She bowed to me politely.
She bowed to me with courtesy when she saw me.
She bowed.
She braced herself.
She bragged about having gotten a boyfriend.
She bragged about it.
She bragged about what she'd done.
She brags about how well she can cook.
She braided her daughter's hair.
She braided my hair.
She brainwashed Silya.
She brainwashed him.
She braised the beef short ribs.
She braked hard when she saw a child run out into the road.
She braked.
She branded the calf.
She bravely chose to pull the fire alarm when she noticed the flames flickering.
She bravely faced her fears and conquered them.
She breaks a dish every time she washes dishes.
She breaks out in hives if she eats shellfish.
She breaks something every time she cleans the room.
She breast-fed the baby.
She breastfed her son on the way.
She breathed a sigh.
She breathed deeply.
She breathed in deep.
She breathed in deeply and started to tell about her situation.
She breathed in the cold air.
She breeds sheep.
She brewed a love potion.
She bribed her child to take the bitter medicine.
She bribed the boss with a gift.
She brings a cheerful atmosphere everywhere.
She brings a lot of joy.
She brings her children to the swimming pool on Saturdays.
She brings home the bread and butter.
She brings me coffee in bed every morning.
She brings the cheese.
She brings the party with her wherever she goes.
She broke a glass.
She broke a jar through clumsiness.
She broke a nail.
She broke a vase by mistake.
She broke a vase out of clumsiness.
She broke away crying.
She broke both her arms.
She broke both of her arms.
She broke both of her legs.
She broke down and she told him.
She broke down crying after hearing of the incident.
She broke down in tears.
She broke down when she heard about the accident.
She broke down when she heard the news.
She broke every rule in the book.
She broke her ankle.
She broke her arm last weekend.
She broke her arm skiing.
She broke her arm three weeks ago.
She broke her glasses.
She broke her hand punching the wall.
She broke her jaw.
She broke her left wrist.
She broke her leg while ice skating.
She broke her nail while washing the dishes.
She broke her new smartphone.
She broke her new toy.
She broke her own record.
She broke her promise and didn't help him.
She broke her right arm.
She broke her toes while she was mopping the floor.
She broke herself of the habit of smoking.
She broke his heart.
She broke his jaw.
She broke his spirit.
She broke into cries of woe.
She broke into her husband's safe and stole all the money.
She broke into tears at the news.
She broke into tears.
She broke into the next house.
She broke into the office to look for some paperwork.
She broke my favorite guitar.
She broke my heart.
She broke off from her studies.
She broke off her engagement in a fit of anger.
She broke off her engagement to him.
She broke open the capsule, which had no brand name on it, and filled the syringe.
She broke out in a cold sweat.
She broke the cup, too.
She broke the dish on purpose just to show her anger.
She broke the rules.
She broke the silence.
She broke the stove.
She broke the tragic news to her mother.
She broke the vase on purpose to bother me.
She broke the vase on purpose to make me angry.
She broke the vase on purpose to piss me off.
She broke the window on purpose.
She broke the window.
She broke the world record.
She broke them.
She broke up with her boyfriend, that is why she often tries to kill herself.
She broke up with her boyfriend.
She broke up with him before him birthday, so she wouldn't have to buy him a present.
She broke up with him.
She broke up with me because I don't make a lot of money.
She broke up with me.
She broke with Cecil before going to Greece.
She broke with her family long ago.
She brooded over the bullying done to her.
She brought Skura along.
She brought Skura here.
She brought a broom.
She brought a can of hojicha from Japan.
She brought a cup of tea to me.
She brought a gift for him.
She brought a small gift for him.
She brought a tray of savory empanadas.
She brought apple from the tree.
She brought apples, oranges, and so on.
She brought back the wounds of my heart.
She brought cakes that she made herself.
She brought dinner.
She brought her brother with her.
She brought her brother.
She brought her children up in very difficult circumstances.
She brought her children with her.
She brought her computer.
She brought her daughter to work.
She brought her dog camping with her.
She brought her dog with her.
She brought her guests some drinks.
She brought her guitar with her.
She brought her kids with her.
She brought her portfolio of photographs to the interview.
She brought her sister to meet me.
She brought her son to work.
She brought her umbrella with her.
She brought her violin.
She brought her.
She brought hers.
She brought him a slice of cake and a glass of eggnog.
She brought him his lunch.
She brought him to our place to meet my parents.
She brought him to our place.
She brought him up in the Jewish faith.
She brought him.
She brought his boyfriend with her.
She brought his lunch today.
She brought home a basket full of plums that she had picked herself.
She brought in two more girls.
She brought it along and triumphed.
She brought it and won.
She brought it back and claimed victory.
She brought it on herself.
She brought life into everybody.
She brought me a cup of tea without sugar.
She brought me a cup of tea, no sugar.
She brought me a cup of tea.
She brought me a letter to translate.
She brought me coffee.
She brought me food in bed.
She brought me many novels in German.
She brought me new clothes yesterday.
She brought me some tea and sat down on my bed.
She brought me up to speed.
She brought some clothes for him.
She brought some water.
She brought the egg home.
She brought the eggs home last night.
She brought the issue to the attention of listeners.
She brought the money.
She brought the proposal.
She brought the water to a boil.
She brought them up?
She brought them.
She brought this on herself.
She brought two small parcels into the room.
She brought two small parcels to the room.
She brought up her child at the cost of her life.
She brought up her children in very difficult circumstances.
She brought up her children to be truthful.
She brought up nine children in her life.
She brought up the three children alone.
She brought up two children.
She brought you something.
She bruised her arm on the table.
She brushed away the dust.
She brushed egg wash on the top of the bun.
She brushed her daughter's hair.
She brushed her hair.
She brushed her horse.
She brushed her husband's hat.
She brushed her husband’s hat.
She brushed her teeth.
She brushed melted butter on the warm bun.
She brushed my hair.
She brushed olive oil on the bun.
She brushed the dirt off her jeans.
She brushed the event with bright colors.
She brushed the sand off her legs.
She brushed the snow from her coat.
She brushed the snow off her coat.
She brushed the snow off her hat.
She brushes her hair in the morning.
She brushes her teeth.
She brushes the horse.
She brutally murdered Mina.
She builds her future through learning.
She builds on her past experiences.
She builds on others' ideas.
She built a castle in the air.
She built a new house.
She built a sandcastle on the beach.
She built a shelter.
She built a tree house for her children.
She built it.
She built the house herself along with the help of a few friends.
She built the shelter.
She built this doghouse all by herself.
She bullied her classmates.
She bumped into him.
She bundled all her dresses into the suitcase.
She bundled everything into the drawers.
She buried a dog.
She buried her face in her hands.
She buried her face in his chest.
She buried her only son.
She buried her son.
She buried the body.
She buried the dogs in the cornfield.
She buries her money in the sand.
She burned all of her old books.
She burned all of her possessions.
She burned all the letters she got from him.
She burned all the letters that she got from him.
She burned her Kabyle dress in the backyard.
She burned her Kabyle dress.
She burned her arm.
She burned her clothes.
She burned her fingers.
She burned her hand on the stove.
She burned her hand.
She burned her left hand.
She burned her report card.
She burned herself on the iron.
She burned herself on the stove.
She burned herself while lighting a cigarette.
She burned herself with boiling water.
She burned herself.
She burned my photo.
She burned the food.
She burned the letters.
She burned with jealousy.
She burns for her.
She burns for him.
She burnt a sheet of paper.
She burnt the maps.
She burped loudly.
She burps a lot.
She burst into a malevolent giggle.
She burst into anger.
She burst into laughter.
She burst into sobs at the news.
She burst into sobs.
She burst into tears at the news.
She burst into tears to hear the news.
She burst into tears upon hearing the news.
She burst into tears when she heard the news.
She burst into tears.
She burst into the room.
She burst into view.
She burst out crying with joy when she heard the news.
She burst out crying.
She burst out laughing when she saw him.
She burst out laughing when she saw me.
She burst out laughing.
She bustled about in the kitchen.
She buttered her toast.
She butters her pancakes.
She butters her toast.
She buttoned her coat.
She buttoned up her coat.
She buys a computer.
She buys almost exclusively used goods.
She buys antique chair frames, gives them a new finish, and adds her custom-designed, hand-painted upholstery.
She buys apples, pears and strawberries.
She buys bread.
She buys cigarettes.
She buys everything she wants without paying attention to the price.
She buys few clothes here.
She buys jewellery at the store.
She buys ready-to-eat roasted sandwiches with ham and cheese at the supermarket.
She buys shoes indiscriminately.
She buys the most expensive meals.
She buys the shirts she wants to wear.
She buys us shoes.
She buys what she wants regardless of the cost.
She cabled us that she was coming.
She cackled at the poor man. "So it is that you have one wish left."
She cackled with delight.
She calculated her expenses.
She calculated that she had earned 1,500 dollars.
She calculated the risks of exploration.
She calculates as quickly as any other student.
She calculates faster than all the students.
She calculates faster than any other student.
She called Mina again.
She called Mom from school.
She called Nuja.
She called Skura back.
She called Tom out, but he didn't answer.
She called a cab for him.
She called a doctor.
She called a friend.
She called a plumber because her kitchen sink was clogged.
She called a taxi for him.
She called an ambulance immediately.
She called an ambulance.
She called back.
She called down from upstairs to ask what the noise was about.
She called every hospital in town, trying to find him.
She called everybody together for another party.
She called for a pragmatic approach to the problem.
She called for help on her short-range radio, but there was no answer.
She called for help.
She called from Tokyo.
She called her a slut.
She called her bear Ted.
She called her cat Tatoeba.
She called her children into the room.
She called her daughter on the phone.
She called her husband names to his face.
She called her husband.
She called her lawyer.
She called her mother.
She called her sister.
She called her son Pierre on his mobile phone because he never picked up their landline at home.
She called herself a deist.
She called him a fool.
She called him a liar.
She called him and asked him to come over.
She called him and told him she'd be late.
She called him and told him that she'd be late.
She called him back to give him something he had left behind.
She called him back to give him something left behind.
She called him bad names.
She called him by his name.
She called him by name.
She called him every bad name she knew.
She called him every other day.
She called him on his birthday.
She called him on the phone.
She called him to ask him to come over.
She called him to invite him to her party.
She called him to say that she'd be late.
She called him to say that she’d be late.
She called him to tell him she was sorry.
She called him to tell him she'd be late.
She called him to tell him that she might need him help later in the afternoon.
She called him to tell him that she was sorry.
She called him to tell him that she'd be late.
She called him.
She called his parents.
She called home.
She called in sick.
She called me a coward.
She called me a fool and what not.
