Algeria has undertaken many important infrastructure projects.
Algeria has undoubtedly beautiful beaches.
Algeria has universal conscription.
Algeria has universal health care.
Algeria has universal male conscription.
Algeria has unveiled a new economic plan.
Algeria has various climate zones.
Algeria has various economic problems.
Algeria has various mountain ranges in the north.
Algeria has vast barren areas.
Algeria has vast metal reserves.
Algeria has vast natural resources.
Algeria has vast oil deposits.
Algeria has vast reservoirs of water in the Sahara desert.
Algeria has very few English speakers.
Algeria has very few islands.
Algeria has very good quality oil.
Algeria has very good relations with Russia.
Algeria has very good roads.
Algeria has very long land borders.
Algeria has very, very few humid areas.
Algeria has wasted a lot of money.
Algeria has water supply problems.
Algeria has well-implemented real estate developments.
Algeria has won 4-1.
Algeria has wonderful beaches.
Algeria has young talented working people.
Algeria has zinc deposits.
Algeria has, is and will always support Western Sahara to achieve its independence.
Algeria hasn't achieved any significant economic growth since 2015.
Algeria hasn't canceled its sporting fixtures.
Algeria hasn't changed.
Algeria hasn't defaulted on debt payments.
Algeria hasn't stopped dreaming, it's been under the yoke for years!
Algeria hasn't suffered any hyperinflation.
Algeria hasn't undergone hyperinflation.
Algeria hates the Jewish people for no good reason.
Algeria heavily relies on oil wealth.
Algeria heavily relies on oil.
Algeria held legislative elections on June 12th, 2021.
Algeria hit the money printing press in 2018.
Algeria holds a promising economic role in Africa.
Algeria holds an important position in the region.
Algeria holds presidential elections every five years.
Algeria hopes to become economically self-sufficient some day.
Algeria ignored Morocco's complaints.
Algeria implemented socialist policies.
Algeria imports a large amount of chemicals.
Algeria imports a lot of electronics from China.
Algeria imports a lot of goods from China.
Algeria imports a lot of machinery from Italy.
Algeria imports a lot of raw materials.
Algeria imports almost everything from China.
Algeria imports almost everything from abroad.
Algeria imports almost everything.
Algeria imports automobiles from France.
Algeria imports billions of dollars of food every year.
Algeria imports everything.
Algeria imports from China.
Algeria imports lots of arms from Russia.
Algeria imports more than it exports.
Algeria imports most of the food it consumes.
Algeria imports powdered milk from France.
Algeria imports practically everything from abroad.
Algeria imports way more than it exports.
Algeria inherited that from the colonial era.
Algeria initiated an ambitious economic program.
Algeria interests me more than any place in the world.
Algeria invested billions of dollars in improving its infrastructure.
Algeria invested billions of dollars to develop its infrastructure.
Algeria invests in renewable energies.
Algeria is Africa's largest country and Algiers is the nation's capital.
Algeria is Africa's largest country.
Algeria is Africa's largest nation.
Algeria is Africa's second largest oil producers.
Algeria is Lajos's adopted land.
Algeria is Morocco's archenemy.
Algeria is Morocco's eastern neighbor.
Algeria is Spain's biggest gas supplier.
Algeria is Spain's main gas supplier.
Algeria is Tunisia's powerful neighbor.
Algeria is Yanni's homeland.
Algeria is Yanni's new home.
Algeria is a French colony.
Algeria is a Mediterranean country.
Algeria is a Muslim country.
Algeria is a Muslim nation.
Algeria is a Muslim-majority country.
Algeria is a Muslim-majority nation.
Algeria is a North African country with a Muslim majority.
Algeria is a North African country.
Algeria is a North African nation.
Algeria is a Sunni Muslim country.
Algeria is a Sunni country.
Algeria is a Sunni-majority country.
Algeria is a Third World country that is sinking deeper and deeper, and is on the brink of civil war.
Algeria is a beautiful African country.
Algeria is a beautiful Mediterranean country.
Algeria is a beautiful North African country.
Algeria is a beautiful and amazing country.
Algeria is a beautiful country and it will continue to attract people.
Algeria is a beautiful country located in North Africa.
Algeria is a beautiful country situated in North Africa.
Algeria is a beautiful country with breathtaking landscapes.
Algeria is a beautiful country.
Algeria is a beautiful place.
Algeria is a big country in Africa but it is the smallest in terms of human rights.
Algeria is a big country of forty million inhabitants.
Algeria is a big country with a population of more than 40 million people.
Algeria is a big country with more than forty million people.
Algeria is a big country.
Algeria is a big economy.
Algeria is a big exporter of oil.
Algeria is a big nation.
Algeria is a big, big country.
Algeria is a bilingual nation.
Algeria is a bit different though.
Algeria is a bureaucracy that operates according to a complex set of laws.
Algeria is a case in point.
Algeria is a centralized country.
Algeria is a centrally-planned economy.
Algeria is a cheap country to travel in.
Algeria is a civilized country.
Algeria is a civilized nation.
Algeria is a classic example of a bureaucratic country.
Algeria is a close ally of China.
Algeria is a close ally of Russia.
Algeria is a close ally of both Russia and China.
Algeria is a colossal behemoth to be reckoned with in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is a colossal country.
Algeria is a completely different country.
Algeria is a conservative country.
Algeria is a corrupt country.
Algeria is a country a few people outside North Africa know about.
Algeria is a country abundant with minerals.
Algeria is a country full of contradictions.
Algeria is a country in North Africa.
Algeria is a country in development.
Algeria is a country located in Africa.
Algeria is a country located in North Africa.
Algeria is a country located in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is a country looking forward.
Algeria is a country looking to the future.
Algeria is a country of continental proportions.
Algeria is a country of more than forty million people.
Algeria is a country of over 40 million people.
Algeria is a country of over forty million people.
Algeria is a country plagued by corruption.
Algeria is a country protected by God.
Algeria is a country that already suffers from corruption.
Algeria is a country that creates terrorism on its own territory.
Algeria is a country that finances terrorism.
Algeria is a country that remains largely a mystery.
Algeria is a country thirsty for water.
Algeria is a country where you can find some of the most beautiful beaches in the world.
Algeria is a country which stands out in Africa.
Algeria is a country with a Muslim majority.
Algeria is a country with a lot of potential.
Algeria is a country with many problems.
Algeria is a country with plenty of fossil fuel.
Algeria is a country with plenty of sun.
Algeria is a country.
Algeria is a crucial region for controlling North Africa.
Algeria is a culturally diverse country.
Algeria is a deeply Muslim country.
Algeria is a deeply conservative country.
Algeria is a developing country.
Algeria is a developing economy.
Algeria is a developing market.
Algeria is a developing nation.
Algeria is a developing society.
Algeria is a dictatorial country.
Algeria is a different country.
Algeria is a disappointment for all Algerians who run away from it by makeshift boat every day by tens of thousands.
Algeria is a diverse country.
Algeria is a dominantly Muslim country.
Algeria is a dynamic country.
Algeria is a fairly conservative country.
Algeria is a fairly new country.
Algeria is a fascinating country to explore.
Algeria is a fascinating country.
Algeria is a fascinating economy.
Algeria is a flawed democracy.
Algeria is a force to be reckoned with.
Algeria is a former French colony.
Algeria is a former colony of France.
Algeria is a former socialist country.
Algeria is a formidable geopolitical rival in the North Africa and the Sahel region.
Algeria is a founding member of the African Union.
Algeria is a free and independent state.
Algeria is a free society.
Algeria is a full partner of China.
Algeria is a fully Muslim nation.
Algeria is a fully sovereign state.
Algeria is a gas exporter.
Algeria is a gas-exporting giant.
Algeria is a gas-rich nation.
Algeria is a giant country in North Africa.
Algeria is a gigantic country.
Algeria is a ginormous country.
Algeria is a good country.
Algeria is a good friend of the West.
Algeria is a gorgeous nation.
Algeria is a great country.
Algeria is a great nation.
Algeria is a great place to go.
Algeria is a great place.
Algeria is a growing economy.
Algeria is a historical member of OPEC.
Algeria is a homogeneous nation.
Algeria is a huge country and it needs high-speed railways.
Algeria is a huge country located in North Africa.
Algeria is a huge country with a ton of land.
Algeria is a huge country with more than two million square kilometers.
Algeria is a huge country.
Algeria is a huge developing country.
Algeria is a huge market.
Algeria is a huge player in the global oil market.
Algeria is a huge player in the oil market.
Algeria is a huge supporter of Western Sahara's independence.
Algeria is a key player in the country's politics.
Algeria is a key player within OPEC.
Algeria is a land full of natural resources.
Algeria is a land of culture.
Algeria is a land of gas and oil.
Algeria is a land of oil and gas.
Algeria is a land of superlatives.
Algeria is a large African country.
Algeria is a large African nation.
Algeria is a large North African country.
Algeria is a large country in land.
Algeria is a large country.
Algeria is a large economy in Africa.
Algeria is a large economy in the MENA region.
Algeria is a large economy.
Algeria is a large emerging market.
Algeria is a large energy-consuming country.
Algeria is a large oil and gas producer.
Algeria is a large oil exporter.
Algeria is a large oil producer.
Algeria is a little bit poorer than Egypt.
Algeria is a lot warmer than Spain.
Algeria is a lovely country.
Algeria is a major African country.
Algeria is a major African economy.
Algeria is a major African nation.
Algeria is a major Muslim power in Africa.
Algeria is a major North African economy.
Algeria is a major developing economy.
Algeria is a major economy in Africa.
Algeria is a major economy in the region.
Algeria is a major exporter of gas.
Algeria is a major geopolitical player in North Africa.
Algeria is a major geopolitical player in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is a major military power in the region.
Algeria is a major military power regionally.
Algeria is a majority-Muslim country.
Algeria is a massive country.
Algeria is a massive economy.
Algeria is a member of OPEC.
Algeria is a member of the AU.
Algeria is a member of the African Union.
Algeria is a member of the Arab League.
Algeria is a member of the Arab Maghreb Union.
Algeria is a member of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation.
Algeria is a member of the UN.
Algeria is a member of the United Nations.
Algeria is a member of various pan-African organizations.
Algeria is a middle-class economy.
Algeria is a middle-income country where extreme poverty doesn't exist.
Algeria is a middle-income country.
Algeria is a middle-income nation.
Algeria is a model of stability.
Algeria is a modern and civilized nation.
Algeria is a modern nation, not a barbaric country.
Algeria is a modern nation.
Algeria is a much safer country.
Algeria is a nation similar to Tunisia.
Algeria is a nation with a lot of potential.
Algeria is a neighboring African nation.
Algeria is a neighboring country.
Algeria is a non-aligned state.
Algeria is a normal country.
Algeria is a paradise for real estate investment.
Algeria is a paradise.
Algeria is a perfect case study.
Algeria is a picturesque nation.
Algeria is a pleasant place to be.
Algeria is a potentially powerful country.
Algeria is a pretty amazing place.
Algeria is a pretty safe country.
Algeria is a pretty spectacular nation.
Algeria is a progressive nation.
Algeria is a prominent member of OPEC.
Algeria is a promising country.
Algeria is a promising economy.
Algeria is a prosperous country full of potential.
Algeria is a quickly urbanizing country.
Algeria is a racist country that beats Sub-Saharans and Kabyle.
Algeria is a rapidly urbanizing country.
Algeria is a rather large country.
Algeria is a really huge country.
Algeria is a recognized sovereign nation.
Algeria is a regional geopolitical power to be reckoned with.
Algeria is a regional player in North Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is a regional power to be reckoned with.
Algeria is a regional power.
Algeria is a relatively dry country.
Algeria is a relatively modern country.
Algeria is a relatively secular country.
Algeria is a relatively secure country.
Algeria is a relatively stable country.
Algeria is a reliable partner in the region.
Algeria is a reliable source of energy for Spain and Italy.
Algeria is a rentier state.
Algeria is a republic but Morocco is a kingdom.
Algeria is a republic with elected institutions.
Algeria is a republic.
Algeria is a resource-rich country.
Algeria is a responsible nation.
Algeria is a rich country.
Algeria is a rising economy.
Algeria is a safe country now.
Algeria is a safe country.
Algeria is a safe gas supplier for Spain.
Algeria is a safer country now.
Algeria is a semi-socialist nation.
Algeria is a significant country in the region.
Algeria is a sleeping giant.
Algeria is a socialist-warranted market economy.
Algeria is a sovereign country.
Algeria is a sovereign nation and its enemies need to mind their own business.
Algeria is a sovereign nation.
Algeria is a sovereign state.
Algeria is a stable country full of potential.
Algeria is a stable country.
Algeria is a stable nation.
Algeria is a steel producer.
Algeria is a strategic ally of Russia.
Algeria is a strategic country.
Algeria is a strong country.
Algeria is a strong nation.
Algeria is a strong supporter of the Sahrawi independence movement.
Algeria is a stunning place.
Algeria is a super interesting country.
Algeria is a symbol of development in Africa.
Algeria is a third-world country.
Algeria is a thousand miles away.
Algeria is a top exporter of oil and gas.
Algeria is a top oil producer.
Algeria is a truly fascinating country.
Algeria is a unique country in the African context.
Algeria is a unique nation.
Algeria is a unitary state.
Algeria is a vast country.
Algeria is a very beautiful country.
Algeria is a very beautiful place once you understand it.
Algeria is a very big country.
Algeria is a very bureaucratic country.
Algeria is a very complicated country.
Algeria is a very important country in North Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is a very important partner country for the European Union.
Algeria is a very interesting country.
Algeria is a very powerful military nation in the region.
Algeria is a very proud country.
Algeria is a very rich country that has everything.
Algeria is a very rich country that has everything: oil, gas, iron, gold, and many more resources.
Algeria is a very safe country.
Algeria is a very strong country.
Algeria is a very welcoming place.
Algeria is a vibrant society.
Algeria is a warm country.
Algeria is a wealthy nation.
Algeria is a wonderful North African country.
Algeria is a wonderful country.
Algeria is a young nation with an average age of 27.5.
Algeria is a youngish country.
Algeria is able to contain the coronavirus outbreak.
Algeria is able to export countless types of products at affordable prices.
Algeria is able to export many goods.
Algeria is able to properly feed its own people.
Algeria is about the size of France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands all combined together.
Algeria is about to enter a second era of rapid urbanization.
Algeria is about to face its biggest economic challenge yet.
Algeria is absolutely gorgeous.
Algeria is actively improving its infrastructure.
Algeria is actively improving its road infrastructure.
Algeria is actually a fairly new country.
Algeria is actually one of the wealthiest nations in all of Africa.
Algeria is adrift.
Algeria is affected by desertification.
Algeria is affected by soil degradation.
Algeria is against the annexation of East Jerusalem.
Algeria is almost never covered by Western media.
Algeria is almost never featured in Hollywood.
Algeria is almost solely relying on hydrocarbons.
Algeria is already a large economy.
Algeria is already a populous country.
Algeria is already a regional military power.
Algeria is already dealing with a number of problems.
Algeria is already in recession.
Algeria is already planning its next move.
Algeria is also focusing on improving the sector of tourism.
Algeria is amazing.
Algeria is amazing. There is no other way to put it.
Algeria is an African Union member.
Algeria is an African country.
Algeria is an African economic giant.
Algeria is an African giant.
Algeria is an African nation.
Algeria is an Interpol member country.
Algeria is an Islamic country.
Algeria is an OPEC member.
Algeria is an OPEC oil producer.
Algeria is an ally of China.
Algeria is an ally of Russia and China.
Algeria is an ally of Russia.
Algeria is an ally of the Russian Federation.
Algeria is an amazing country to be in.
Algeria is an amazing country with a lot of potential.
Algeria is an amazing country.
Algeria is an amazing economy with a lot of potential.
Algeria is an amazing economy with huge potential into the future.
Algeria is an amazing economy.
Algeria is an amazing nation.
Algeria is an appealing market.
Algeria is an artificial country created by France.
Algeria is an attractive country.
Algeria is an attractive market.
Algeria is an economy that's really important to understand.
Algeria is an emerging market.
Algeria is an energy exporter.
Algeria is an energy source exporter.
Algeria is an enormous country.
Algeria is an ex-French colony.
Algeria is an extraordinary place.
Algeria is an import-dependent economy.
Algeria is an important Arab League member.
Algeria is an important country.
Algeria is an important geopolitical player in the region.
Algeria is an important partner for the US and Europe.
Algeria is an incredible country.
Algeria is an incredibly Muslim country.
Algeria is an independent African country.
Algeria is an independent African state.
Algeria is an independent and sovereign nation.
Algeria is an independent country since 1962.
Algeria is an independent country.
Algeria is an independent nation located in North Africa.
Algeria is an independent nation now.
Algeria is an independent nation.
Algeria is an independent state.
Algeria is an indispensable source of energy for Spain and Italy.
Algeria is an influential member of OPEC.
Algeria is an interesting country.
Algeria is an interesting place to say the least.
Algeria is an internationally recognized fully sovereign nation.
Algeria is an internationally recognized nation.
Algeria is an internationally recognized sovereign nation.
Algeria is an internationally respected nation.
Algeria is an iron producer.
Algeria is an oil and gas exporter.
Algeria is an oil and gas juggernaut.
Algeria is an oil exporter.
Algeria is an oil giant.
Algeria is an oil-dependent economy.
Algeria is an oil-producing country.
Algeria is an oil-rich country.
Algeria is an unexplored paradise.
Algeria is an urbanized country.
Algeria is and will remain united.
Algeria is another supplier of natural gas to Italy.
Algeria is anything but attractive to foreign investors.
Algeria is applying reforms that seek to transform the country both internally and externally.
Algeria is arming.
Algeria is as beautiful as Italy.
Algeria is as beautiful as southern Italy.
Algeria is as big as it is surprising.
Algeria is at odds with Morocco.
Algeria is at the gates of Europe.
Algeria is at the same latitude as Washington DC.
Algeria is attracting a lot of sub-Saharan immigrants.
Algeria is attracting many Chinese companies.
Algeria is attracting more and more sub-Saharan migrants.
Algeria is authoritarian.
Algeria is aware of the economic issues this could cause.
Algeria is aware of this threat.
Algeria is aware of this.
Algeria is awash with natural resources.
Algeria is awesome.
Algeria is back on the road to greatness.
Algeria is back on the world stage.
Algeria is beautiful.
Algeria is becoming a prosperous and powerful nation.
Algeria is becoming a regional force.
Algeria is becoming a regional power.
Algeria is becoming an eminently urban nation.
Algeria is becoming an even more important economy.
Algeria is becoming an urban nation.
Algeria is becoming an urbanized society.
Algeria is becoming less reliant on France.
Algeria is becoming wealthier.
Algeria is beginning to industrialize.
Algeria is being proactive in dealing with the coronavirus epidemic.
Algeria is being urbanized quickly.
Algeria is benefiting from China's economic growth.
Algeria is benefiting from this.
Algeria is better positioned to cope with a new economic crisis.
Algeria is big.
Algeria is bigger than Egypt, but Egypt is more populous than Algeria.
Algeria is bigger than France.
Algeria is bigger than Germany.
Algeria is bigger than Greenland.
Algeria is bigger than Texas.
Algeria is blessed with a lot of natural resources.
Algeria is blessed with a young and educated population.
Algeria is blessed with a young population.
Algeria is blessed with abundant resources.
Algeria is blessed with many natural resources.
Algeria is blessed with natural beauty.
Algeria is blessed with natural wealth.
Algeria is blessed with wonderful forests.
Algeria is bogged down with problems.
Algeria is bordered by Tunisia and Libya to the east.
Algeria is bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, Tunisia and Libya to the east, Niger and Mali to the south, and Mauritania, Western Sahara, and Morocco to the west.
Algeria is bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the north.
Algeria is bordered to the north by the Mediterranean Sea.
Algeria is breathtakingly beautiful.
Algeria is building a Green Dam to combat desertification.
Algeria is building a green wall known as the Green Dam to stop desertification.
Algeria is building a high-speed railway line.
Algeria is building a massive deep-sea port in Hamdania.
Algeria is building a massive network of highways.
Algeria is building a megaport in El Hamdania.
Algeria is building a new capital city in Boughezoul.
Algeria is building a new capital in Boughezoul.
Algeria is building a phosphate plant in Tebessa.
Algeria is building a road to Niger.
Algeria is building a very large harbor in Hamdania.
Algeria is building a very powerful army.
Algeria is building a world-class container port in Tipasa.
Algeria is building affordable housing for its citizens.
Algeria is building an expressway that will connect the country to sub-Saharan nations.
Algeria is building an international port in Tipasa.
Algeria is building for the future.
Algeria is building its new capital in Boughezoul.
Algeria is building many major tunnels in the north of the country.
Algeria is building millions of houses.
Algeria is building more industrial parks.
Algeria is building new expressways.
Algeria is building new hotels.
Algeria is building new infrastructure.
Algeria is building solid ties with China.
Algeria is building the Green Dam to combat desertification.
Algeria is called "Al-Jaza'ir" in Algerian dialect.
Algeria is called "Al-Jazair" in Arabic.
Algeria is called "Dzayer" in Algerian dialect.
Algeria is called "Ldzayer" in Berber.
Algeria is certainly not having its best moment.
Algeria is changing at full speed.
Algeria is changing dramatically.
Algeria is changing fast.
Algeria is changing its economic model.
Algeria is changing rapidly.
Algeria is changing really fast.
Algeria is changing very rapidly.
Algeria is changing.
Algeria is classified as an upper middle income country.
Algeria is clean.
Algeria is clearly one of Africa's biggest economies.
Algeria is close friends with Cuba.
Algeria is close friends with the People's Republic of China.
Algeria is close to Europe.
Algeria is close to Moscow and Beijing.
Algeria is coming together.
Algeria is committed to the rule of law.
Algeria is completely canceling the project.
Algeria is complicated.
Algeria is considered a true paradise on earth.
Algeria is considered an energy superpower.
Algeria is constructing a new capital.
Algeria is constructing a tree wall known as the Green Dam.
Algeria is constructing an enormous mine in Tebessa.
Algeria is constructing multiple railroad lines.
Algeria is constructing new high-rise buildings.
Algeria is constructing new railroad lines.
Algeria is containing the spread of the coronavirus.
Algeria is continents away from us.
Algeria is continuing to mine its oil and gas.
Algeria is culturally close to Morocco and Tunisia.
Algeria is culturally very similar to Morocco and Tunisia.
Algeria is currently building a new port in Hamdania, some fifty kilometers west of Algiers.
Algeria is currently conducting very serious reforms.
Algeria is currently developing several research parks.
Algeria is currently having internal problems.
Algeria is currently in recession.
Algeria is currently preoccupied by internal matters.
Algeria is currently underbanked.
Algeria is currently undertaking very serious reforms.
Algeria is definitely a huge player in North Africa's geopolitics.
Algeria is definitely for you.
Algeria is definitely not a capitalist country.
Algeria is definitely not an aged society.
Algeria is definitely the safest country in Africa.
Algeria is dependent on China for a lot of its industries.
Algeria is dependent on its oil.
Algeria is dependent on oil and oil exports.
Algeria is dependent on oil exports.
Algeria is dependent on oil.
Algeria is depleting its dollar reserves.
Algeria is determined to maintain its independence.
Algeria is determined to maintain its painstakingly-won independence.
Algeria is determined to maintain its sovereignty.
Algeria is determined to maintain its unity and independence.
Algeria is determined to protect its essential interests.
Algeria is developing a deep-water port in El Hamdania.
Algeria is developing a good reputation.
Algeria is developing an export-based economy.
Algeria is developing fast.
Algeria is developing infrastructure.
Algeria is developing its agricultural sector.
Algeria is developing its food sector.
Algeria is developing its military industries.
Algeria is developing its military.
Algeria is developing its railroad network.
Algeria is developing its railway network.
Algeria is developing its underdeveloped regions.
Algeria is developing new industrial zones.
Algeria is developing quickly.
Algeria is developing rapidly.
Algeria is developing slower than Turkey.
Algeria is developing very fast.
Algeria is developing.
Algeria is different than what I expected.
Algeria is difficult to invade.
Algeria is difficult to occupy.
Algeria is difficult to study.
Algeria is digitalizing its finance sector.
Algeria is directly on the coast.
Algeria is displeased with Spain's position on the Sahrawi issue.
Algeria is diverse and so should be its economy.
Algeria is divided into 48 administrative districts.
Algeria is divided into 48 districts.
Algeria is divided into 48 districts; locally, each district is known by the Arabic name "wilaya", often translated as "province."
Algeria is divided into 48 provinces called wilayas.
Algeria is divided into 48 separate wilayas.
Algeria is divided into 48 wilayas.
Algeria is divided into electoral constituencies.
Algeria is divided into three main regions: the north, the high plateaus and the south which is part of the vast Saharan desert.
Algeria is doing a good job in poverty reduction.
Algeria is doing a great job lifting people out of extreme poverty.
Algeria is doing a great job.
Algeria is doing good business with China and Turkey.
Algeria is doing great.
Algeria is doing just fine.
Algeria is doing really well.
Algeria is doing the same thing.
Algeria is doing the same.
Algeria is doing very little to create wealth.
Algeria is doing very well.
Algeria is doing well now.
Algeria is doing well.
Algeria is doing whatever it can to fight ISIS in North Africa.
Algeria is dominated by one religion: Islam.
Algeria is drier than Spain.
Algeria is economically stable.
Algeria is economically weak.
Algeria is embarking on a period of rapid development.
Algeria is embracing technology.
Algeria is emerging as a new regional power.
Algeria is enacting new investment laws.
Algeria is enchanting. There is no other way to put it.
Algeria is encouraging foreign investment.
Algeria is encouraging private investments.
Algeria is encouraging the creation of micro-enterprises.
Algeria is enjoying political stability.
Algeria is entering a new era of development.
Algeria is essential in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is essential in the region.
Algeria is even further away from where Ziri lives in Sweden.
Algeria is excellent at taking care of its enemies.
Algeria is expanding social services.
Algeria is experiencing a financial crisis.
Algeria is experiencing a period of change.
Algeria is experiencing a recession.
Algeria is experiencing a sharp economic decline.
Algeria is experiencing an economic recession.
Algeria is experiencing economic growth.
Algeria is experiencing inflation.
Algeria is experiencing one of its worst economic crises since its independence.
Algeria is exploiting its hydrocarbons.
Algeria is exporting farm goods.
Algeria is exporting gas.
Algeria is exporting natural gas.
Algeria is exporting now.
Algeria is exporting oil and gas.
Algeria is exporting oil.
Algeria is exporting steel.
Algeria is faced with a squeeze of its cash reserves.
Algeria is facing a big financial crisis.
Algeria is facing a bleak scenario.
Algeria is facing a brain drain.
Algeria is facing a complicated political crisis.
Algeria is facing a difficult political situation.
Algeria is facing a genuine existential threat.
Algeria is facing a genuine security threat.
Algeria is facing a genuine threat.
Algeria is facing a huge economic crisis.
Algeria is facing a lot of challenges.
Algeria is facing a major challenge.
Algeria is facing a major economic crisis.
Algeria is facing a political and economic crisis.
Algeria is facing a political crisis now.
Algeria is facing a recession.
Algeria is facing a severe economic crisis.
Algeria is facing a tough economic crisis.
Algeria is facing an enormous crisis.
Algeria is facing an underbanking issue.
Algeria is facing challenges that threaten its prosperity.
Algeria is facing challenges that threaten its stability.
Algeria is facing difficult problems.
Algeria is facing economic challenges.
Algeria is facing economic problems.
Algeria is facing enormous problems.
Algeria is facing financial hardship.
Algeria is facing huge problems.
Algeria is facing immense difficulties.
Algeria is facing increasing desertification.
Algeria is facing major development problems.
Algeria is facing many challenges.
Algeria is facing many economic challenges.
Algeria is facing many economic hurdles.
Algeria is facing many economic issues.
Algeria is facing many external threats.
Algeria is facing many issues.
Algeria is facing new threats.
Algeria is facing serious economic problems.
Algeria is facing serious structural issues.
Algeria is facing severe droughts in the south.
Algeria is facing severe economic problems.
Algeria is facing so many challenges.
Algeria is facing some challenges.
Algeria is facing the economic implication of the coronavirus.
Algeria is facing very complicated challenges.
Algeria is fairly unique.
Algeria is famous for couscous.
Algeria is famous for its beautiful desert.
Algeria is famous for its desert.
Algeria is famous for many things.
Algeria is far from China.
Algeria is far from being an ideal business environment.
Algeria is far from being rich.
Algeria is far richer than many African nations.
Algeria is feeling the effects of the fall in oil prices.
Algeria is fighting against organize crime.
Algeria is fighting corruption.
Algeria is fighting organized crime.
Algeria is fighting poverty.
Algeria is filled with contradictions.
Algeria is filled with projects absolutely everywhere.
Algeria is focused mainly on oil and gas.
Algeria is following a liberalized economy.
Algeria is following the middle path.
Algeria is for the Algerians.
Algeria is forecast to complete the project in 2024.
Algeria is four hours ahead.
Algeria is friends with Cuba.
Algeria is full of life.
Algeria is geographically close to Europe.
Algeria is getting ready to vote.
Algeria is getting richer.
Algeria is gifted with a substantial amount of natural resources.
Algeria is gifted with a substantial amount of underground freshwater resources.
Algeria is ginormous.
Algeria is going into debt.
Algeria is going through a big time political crisis.
Algeria is going through a complicated political crisis.
Algeria is going through a difficult political situation.
Algeria is going through a period of long and steady decline in oil production.
Algeria is going through a really tense situation.
Algeria is going through an economic crisis.
Algeria is going through an important time in its history.
Algeria is going through dire straights.
Algeria is going through its worst time since the end of its civil war in the late 1990s.
Algeria is going through recession.
Algeria is going through times of uncertainty.
Algeria is going through turbulent times.
Algeria is going to become a rich country.
Algeria is going to develop its tourism sector in the upcoming few years.
Algeria is going to face many challenges ahead.
Algeria is going to import used machinery.
Algeria is going to increase infrastructure spending.
Algeria is going to join the BRICS.
Algeria is good political friends with Venezuela.
Algeria is grappling with its economic crisis.
Algeria is great nation.
Algeria is great.
Algeria is growing its economy.
Algeria is growing.
Algeria is half a world away.
Algeria is having a hard time.
Algeria is heavily armed.
Algeria is heavily dependent on Europe for a lot of its industries.
Algeria is heavily dependent on imports.
Algeria is heavily dependent on its relationship with China.
Algeria is heavily dependent on its relationship with the EU.
Algeria is heavily dependent on oil exports.
Algeria is heavily dependent on oil.
Algeria is here to stay and its enemies will have to accept that.
Algeria is here to stay united for ever.
Algeria is here to stay.
Algeria is here.
Algeria is highly dependent on hydrocarbons.
Algeria is his country of birth.
Algeria is historically a member of OPEC.
Algeria is historically associated more with wars and revolutions than with economic development.
Algeria is hit by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Algeria is holding a presidential election on December 12, 2019.
Algeria is holding new presidential elections this July.
Algeria is holding presidential elections in July.
Algeria is holding presidential elections on December 12, 2019.
Algeria is holding presidential elections this July.
Algeria is home to a large Berber-speaking community.
Algeria is home to an Ibadi minority that lives in Ghardaia.
Algeria is home to close to forty four million people.
Algeria is home to forty million people.
Algeria is home to many mysteries.
Algeria is home to many traditions.
Algeria is home to many wonders waiting to be discovered.
Algeria is home to many wonders.
Algeria is home to more than forty million people who speak Arabic and Berber.
Algeria is home to more than forty million people.
Algeria is home to over forty million people.
Algeria is home to some of the most endangered animals in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is home to the Tahat Mount in the Sahara.
Algeria is huge.
Algeria is huge. It's the largest country in Africa.
Algeria is implementing strategies to attract foreign investment.
Algeria is implementing strategies to diversify its exports.
Algeria is implementing strategies to maintain its economic growth.
Algeria is implementing stricter penalties for corrupt practices.
Algeria is implementing the reforms promised back in 2019.
Algeria is important geopolitically.
Algeria is importing COVID-19 vaccines.
Algeria is importing a lot of raw materials.
Algeria is importing everything, including clothes.
Algeria is improving its infrastructure.
Algeria is improving its roads.
Algeria is improving its transportation infrastructure.
Algeria is in Africa, too.
Algeria is in Africa.
Algeria is in North Africa.
Algeria is in North Africa. How could you not know that?
Algeria is in a crisis.
Algeria is in a delicate situation.
Algeria is in a difficult economic situation.
Algeria is in a geographical Goldilocks zone.
Algeria is in a much better position.
Algeria is in a much better situation than any country.
Algeria is in a seemingly endless war with Morocco.
Algeria is in a state of crisis.
Algeria is in a stronger financial position.
Algeria is in a very unique position.
Algeria is in an economic crisis.
Algeria is in better shape.
Algeria is in crisis.
Algeria is in desperate need of housing.
Algeria is in for a big change.
Algeria is in need of social reforms.
Algeria is in northern Africa.
Algeria is in the African Union.
Algeria is in the MENA region.
Algeria is in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is in the grey area between democratic and authoritarian.
Algeria is in the middle of a crisis.
Algeria is in the middle of an economic crisis.
Algeria is in the midst of a political crisis.
Algeria is in the midst of an economic crisis.
Algeria is in the midst of one of its worst political crises.
Algeria is in the northern hemisphere.
Algeria is in the northern part of Africa.
Algeria is in the process of development.
Algeria is in the process of economic development.
Algeria is in the process of economic expansion.
Algeria is in urgent need of new housing.
Algeria is increasing its military capacities.
Algeria is increasing its wages.
Algeria is increasing salaries.
Algeria is increasingly opening up to the world.
Algeria is incredibly protectionist.
Algeria is independent and it's not subordinate to any country in the world.
Algeria is independent now.
Algeria is intensely focused on diversifying its economic.
Algeria is interested in China's Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria is interested in joining the BRICS group.
Algeria is interested in the project.
Algeria is interesting to explore.
Algeria is interesting.
Algeria is internationally significant.
Algeria is introducing important economic reforms.
Algeria is investing a lot in its population.
Algeria is investing billions in infrastructure projects.
Algeria is investing heavily in infrastructures.
Algeria is investing heavily into tourism.
Algeria is investing in agriculture.
Algeria is investing in housing.
Algeria is investing in its young people.
Algeria is investing in public transportation, water and sanitation systems, and waste management facilities.
Algeria is investing in roads.
Algeria is investing in sustainable energy projects.
Algeria is investing in sustainable energy.
Algeria is investing in technology.
Algeria is investing in tourism.
Algeria is investing money in strategic sectors.
Algeria is investing money in tourism.
Algeria is joining BRICS.
Algeria is joining the BRICS.
Algeria is just forty kilometers away.
Algeria is keen to avoid external borrowing.
Algeria is keen to avoid the debt trap.
Algeria is keeping the coronavirus under control.
Algeria is key player in the region.
Algeria is known for its avian diversity.
Algeria is known for its bureaucracy and inefficiency.
Algeria is known for its chaotic bureaucracy.
Algeria is known for its couscous.
Algeria is known for its excessive administrative difficulties.
Algeria is known for its great beauty.
Algeria is known for its magnificent cultural heritage.
Algeria is known for its natural beauty.
Algeria is known for its splendid natural environment.
Algeria is known for many things.
Algeria is known in Berber as Zzayer.
Algeria is lagging way behind in tourism.
Algeria is largely a desert country.
Algeria is larger than France, Germany, and Belgium combined.
Algeria is larger than Libya.
Algeria is larger than Tunisia.
Algeria is laying the groundwork to compete with strong economies like Turkey and Italy.
Algeria is leading a new diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis.
Algeria is leading an active diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis.
Algeria is less than half of your country.
Algeria is light years away from its socialist past.
Algeria is like the bridge between Africa and Europe.
Algeria is located between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria is located in Africa.
Algeria is located in North Africa.
Algeria is located in an unstable and hostile region.
Algeria is located in and dominates the heart of the Maghreb region.
Algeria is located in the North African region known as the Maghreb.
Algeria is located near one of the wealthiest markets in the world: Europe.
Algeria is longer than it is wide.
Algeria is looking for economic development.
Algeria is losing huge amounts of money.
Algeria is losing its youngest and brightest people to emigration.
Algeria is losing many skilled workers to emigration.
Algeria is losing money because of declining oil prices.
Algeria is made up of 48 wilayas.
Algeria is making a shift from a highly centralized economy to a market economy.
Algeria is making enormous strides towards economic change.
Algeria is making large efforts to move towards privatization.
Algeria is making progress.
Algeria is making remarkable progress.
Algeria is making resounding economic progress.
Algeria is making some serious economic progress.
Algeria is making the news.
Algeria is managing to attract more investors from China and Turkey.
Algeria is many years away from reaching Turkey's level.
Algeria is massive.
Algeria is militarily powerful.
Algeria is militarizing its borders.
Algeria is modern and civilized.
Algeria is modernizing its airports.
Algeria is modernizing.
Algeria is more stable than Egypt.
Algeria is more stable today.
Algeria is more than double the size of Kenya.
Algeria is mostly a desert country.
Algeria is mostly desert and bush.
Algeria is mostly known for its wonderful Saharan landscapes.
Algeria is mostly sunny.
Algeria is moving closer to Turkey economically.
Algeria is moving fast.
Algeria is moving into a new era.
Algeria is moving slower than Turkey.
Algeria is moving slowly but surely into the future.
Algeria is moving so quickly.
Algeria is moving to a market economy.
Algeria is moving.
Algeria is much bigger than Palestine.
Algeria is much bigger than Portugal.
Algeria is much larger than France.
Algeria is much less touristy than Morocco.
Algeria is much richer than Niger and Mali.
Algeria is much warmer than Canada.
Algeria is my ancestral home.
Algeria is my country, too.
Algeria is my country.
Algeria is my favorite country.
Algeria is my favorite place.
Algeria is my favorite vacation destination.
Algeria is my homeland.
Algeria is named after Algiers, its capital city.
Algeria is named after Algiers, its historically largest and most important city and present-day capital.
Algeria is named after its capital city, Algiers.
Algeria is nationalistic about the way it leads its economy.
Algeria is naturally good at exporting hydrocarbons.
Algeria is near Europe.
Algeria is neither a democracy nor a dictatorship.
Algeria is neither poor nor rich.
Algeria is neither with Russia, nor against Ukraine.
Algeria is never featured in Hollywood movies.
Algeria is next door to Europe.
Algeria is no longer a low-income country.
Algeria is no longer a low-income nation.
Algeria is no longer a one-party state.
Algeria is no longer facing the threat of a civil war.
Algeria is no longer relying on France economically.
Algeria is no stranger to social unrest.
Algeria is north of the equator.
Algeria is not a "new country."
Algeria is not a Western country and will not become a Western country.
Algeria is not a capitalist country.
Algeria is not a communist country.
Algeria is not a dangerous country.
Algeria is not a developed economy.
Algeria is not a dictatorship.
Algeria is not a federal country.
Algeria is not a kingdom.
Algeria is not a landlocked country.
Algeria is not a member of that economic club.
Algeria is not a monarchy.
Algeria is not a nuclear state.
Algeria is not a poor country.
Algeria is not a rich nation.
Algeria is not a socialist state any longer.
Algeria is not a sub-Saharan country.
Algeria is not a theocracy.
Algeria is not a threat to international security.
Algeria is not a tribal nation.
Algeria is not a tropical country.
Algeria is not a troubled nation.
Algeria is not a violent country.
Algeria is not afraid of Daesh.
Algeria is not afraid of terrorism.
Algeria is not afraid of terrorists.
Algeria is not an Islamic emirate.
Algeria is not an Islamic republic like Iran.
Algeria is not an Islamic republic like Mauritania.
Algeria is not an emirate.
Algeria is not an importer of oil.
Algeria is not bankrupt.
Algeria is not diplomatically isolated.
Algeria is not exactly a rich country.
Algeria is not far from enjoying the same status as the BRICS states.
Algeria is not for sale and won't be a prey to the enemies that want to divide its vast territory.
Algeria is not for sale.
Algeria is not going to be divided.
Algeria is not hard to visit.
Algeria is not in danger.
Algeria is not in the Middle East.
Algeria is not insignificant.
Algeria is not just any country.
Algeria is not only a country that doesn't respect human rights but doesn't care at all.
Algeria is not only against the State of Israel but against any Jewish entity. Of course Algeria hates not only Kabyles but everything that constitutes a smell of Kabylity.
Algeria is not perfect.
Algeria is not promoting itself enough to tourists.
Algeria is not scared of terrorist bugs.
Algeria is not so terrible.
Algeria is not taking these matters lightly.
Algeria is not that important to the United States.
Algeria is not the country with the largest oil reserves.
Algeria is not the country with the largest reserves of oil.
Algeria is not without its issues.
Algeria is now a peaceful country.
Algeria is now at a tipping point where one wrong move could have disastrous consequences.
Algeria is now determined to learn from its mistakes.
Algeria is now free of the terrorist scourge.
Algeria is now in a technical recession.
Algeria is now independent.
Algeria is now my home.
Algeria is now open for business.
Algeria is now the largest country in Africa.
Algeria is now turning its desert areas into wonderful productive lands.
Algeria is now using technology to transform desert areas into productive lands.
Algeria is of a paramount importance to Africa.
Algeria is of a strategic importance to Europe.
Algeria is of strategic value.
Algeria is officially a republic.
Algeria is officially called the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
Algeria is officially secular.
Algeria is oil-rich.
Algeria is on Palestine's side.
Algeria is on Western Sahara's side.
Algeria is on a more stable path.
Algeria is on friendly terms with practically all European countries.
Algeria is on the way to economic prosperity.
Algeria is on the way to success.
Algeria is on track to become a large economy.
Algeria is one and indivisible and Kabylie is an integral part of Algeria.
Algeria is one and indivisible.
Algeria is one and only country and its people is one and only people.
Algeria is one of Africa's 54 recognized states.
Algeria is one of Africa's biggest economies.
Algeria is one of Africa's economic giants.
Algeria is one of Africa's giants.
Algeria is one of Africa's gigantic countries. In fact, it's the largest country on the continent.
Algeria is one of Africa's largest Muslim nations.
Algeria is one of Africa's largest economies.
Algeria is one of Africa's largest oil producers.
Algeria is one of Africa's major economies.
Algeria is one of Africa's most beautiful countries.
Algeria is one of Africa's richest countries.
Algeria is one of Africa's strongest economies.
Algeria is one of Africa's top oil producers.
Algeria is one of China's major trading partners in Africa.
Algeria is one of Italy's main energy suppliers.
Algeria is one of Russia's main allies.
Algeria is one of my favorite countries.
Algeria is one of the African continent's largest economies.
Algeria is one of the Muslim countries of the world.
Algeria is one of the best allies of Russia.
Algeria is one of the best places to study Berber.
Algeria is one of the countries affected by the coronavirus outbreak.
Algeria is one of the emerging economies of Africa.
Algeria is one of the few countries that best managed the Coronavirus pandemic.
Algeria is one of the few nations in the world to have good diplomatic relations with both China and the United States.
Algeria is one of the founding states of the African Union.
Algeria is one of the largest and most intriguing countries in the world.
Algeria is one of the largest economies on the African continent.
Algeria is one of the largest gas producers in the world.
Algeria is one of the largest oil producers in Africa.
Algeria is one of the largest oil-exporting nations in the world.
Algeria is one of the largest oil-producers in Africa.
Algeria is one of the largest producers of natural gas in the world.
Algeria is one of the leaders of the Arab World.
Algeria is one of the least-indebted countries in the whole world.
Algeria is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
Algeria is one of the most complicated countries in the region.
Algeria is one of the most corrupt countries on the planet.
Algeria is one of the most important countries in Africa today.
Algeria is one of the most important countries on the African continent.
Algeria is one of the most important economies in Africa today.
Algeria is one of the most important economies of Africa.
Algeria is one of the most important oil powers in Africa.
Algeria is one of the most magical countries in the world.
Algeria is one of the most modern countries in Africa.
Algeria is one of the most populous countries in North Africa.
Algeria is one of the most secure countries in Africa.
Algeria is one of the most water-stressed countries in the region.
Algeria is one of the oldest countries in the world.
Algeria is one of the safest countries in Africa.
Algeria is one of the top four largest economies of Africa.
Algeria is one of the world's major oil producers.
Algeria is one of those countries that depend so much on dinosaur juice.
Algeria is only a neighbouring country to Kabylia.
Algeria is only getting started with its renewable energy developments.
Algeria is only getting started with its renewable energy projects.
Algeria is only just getting started.
Algeria is only miles away.
Algeria is open for business.
Algeria is open to investment from China.
Algeria is open to long-term investment from China.
Algeria is open to the world.
Algeria is opening to the outside world.
Algeria is opening up its economy.
Algeria is opening up to the world.
Algeria is organized into 58 provinces called wilayas.
Algeria is organizing lots of development forums.
Algeria is our Mediterranean partner.
Algeria is our beloved country.
Algeria is our beloved nation.
Algeria is our country and it's our right to live here.
Algeria is our country.
Algeria is our home nation.
Algeria is our land.
Algeria is our motherland.
Algeria is our only country.
Algeria is overdependent on oil.
Algeria is overly dependent on Chinese exports.
Algeria is overly dependent on oil and gas to prop up its economy.
Algeria is overly reliant on oil and gas.
Algeria is overwhelmingly dependent on oil and gas.
Algeria is paradise.
Algeria is part of North Africa.
Algeria is part of the African Union.
Algeria is part of the Arab League.
Algeria is part of the Muslim world.
Algeria is part of the developing world.
Algeria is part of the world.
Algeria is particularly powerful.
Algeria is paying attention to this.
Algeria is perfectly positioned to serve as a bridge between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria is perhaps one of the most unknown countries in the region.
Algeria is pivoting its economy away from hydrocarbons.
Algeria is plagued by Dutch disease.
Algeria is plagued by corruption.
Algeria is planning to relocate its capital to the town of Boughezoul.
Algeria is planting drought-resistant trees to combat desertification.
Algeria is poised for a geopolitical comeback.
Algeria is politically stable.
Algeria is positioned way above the equator.
Algeria is predicted to have a better economy by 2030.
Algeria is prepared for the coronavirus.
Algeria is preventing money leaving the country.
Algeria is prioritizing its economic stability.
Algeria is probably going through its toughest times.
Algeria is probably known for one place: the Tassili Mountains.
Algeria is producing modern weapons.
Algeria is producing steel.
Algeria is progressing.
Algeria is progressively transitioning to a primarily industrial nation.
Algeria is promoting Islamic finance.
Algeria is promoting sustainable development.
Algeria is promoting the construction of gigantic projects that are essential for the country's development.
Algeria is promoting trade with sub-Saharan African countries.
Algeria is protectionist.
Algeria is pursuing a diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis.
Algeria is pursuing diplomatic efforts to end the Libyan crisis.
Algeria is pursuing its own interest.
Algeria is pushing to diversify its economy.
Algeria is putting enormous pressure on the Spanish government to reconsider its position regarding Western Sahara.
Algeria is quickly burning through its foreign reserves.
Algeria is quickly developing.
Algeria is quickly transforming into a regional superpower.
Algeria is quickly transforming.
Algeria is racing against time.
Algeria is radically different from Germany.
Algeria is ranked as one of the most corrupt countries in the world.
Algeria is rapidly changing.
Algeria is rapidly transforming into a regional superpower.
Algeria is rapidly urbanizing.
Algeria is rarely featured in French movies.
Algeria is rarely featured in foreign movies.
Algeria is reaching out to China for help.
Algeria is really a place of wonder.
Algeria is really cool.
Algeria is really far away from here.
Algeria is reaping the results of decades of economic mismanagement.
Algeria is rebuilding its economy.
Algeria is rebuilding itself from top to bottom.
Algeria is recognized by the UN as an independent state.
Algeria is recovering from a horrendous experience.
Algeria is recovering from the impact of the global lockdown.
Algeria is recovering quickly after the Covid-19 crisis.
Algeria is reforming its land use policies.
Algeria is relatively a safe and quiet country.
Algeria is relatively closed to the rest of the world.
Algeria is relatively developed.
Algeria is relatively economically stable.
Algeria is relatively poor.
Algeria is relatively safe now.
Algeria is relatively stable.
Algeria is remarkably similar to its neighbor Tunisia in many ways.
Algeria is resource rich, too.
Algeria is resource-rich.
Algeria is respected in the eyes of all African countries.
Algeria is restructuring its economy.
Algeria is revitalizing its tourist industry.
Algeria is rich in hydrocarbon resources.
Algeria is rich in lots of minerals.
Algeria is rich in many minerals.
Algeria is rich in minerals.
Algeria is rich in natural gas.
Algeria is rich in natural resources.
Algeria is rich in oil and gas.
Algeria is rich in oil.
Algeria is rich in renewable energies.
Algeria is rich in resources.
Algeria is rocked by corruption.
Algeria is rolling out interesting economic reforms.
Algeria is ruled by rapists, thieves, illiterate people, madmen, corrupt people, sexual delinquents, and there are dozens of videos on Youtube that show it.
Algeria is ruled with a system of soft authoritarianism.
Algeria is safe and open for investment.
Algeria is safe and politically stable.
Algeria is safe now.
Algeria is safe.
Algeria is said to be a big winner economically.
Algeria is said to be underbanked.
Algeria is seeking to diversify its economy.
Algeria is seeking to mature its economy.
Algeria is seeking to provide a complete education to its youth.
Algeria is seen as a very corrupt country.
Algeria is seen as one of the most prosperous countries in the regions.
Algeria is selling raw materials.
Algeria is setting up plans to support investment.
Algeria is shifting more towards industry.
Algeria is shifting towards a free market economy.
Algeria is shifting towards a more market-oriented economy.
Algeria is shifting towards a more open market economy.
Algeria is short on dollars.
Algeria is sitting on top of rich resources.
Algeria is situated in North Africa.
Algeria is situated in a seismically active area.
Algeria is slowly opening up to the outside world.
Algeria is slowly transitioning from oil and gas to economic diversification.
Algeria is smaller than Canada.
Algeria is smaller than China.
Algeria is smaller than the United States.
Algeria is so beautiful.
Algeria is so big.
Algeria is so large.
Algeria is so much more than an oil and gas exporter.
Algeria is so much more than that.
Algeria is so rich.
Algeria is sometimes considered to be in the Middle East.
Algeria is spending a considerable portion of foreign reserves to build infrastructure.
Algeria is spending an enormous amount of money on education.
Algeria is spending billions of dollars on infrastructure.
Algeria is spending billions of dollars to stimulate its economy.
Algeria is spending like crazy.
Algeria is spending massively.
Algeria is stable.
Algeria is still a Third World country.
Algeria is still a centralized state.
Algeria is still a developing country.
Algeria is still a developing economy.
Algeria is still a developing nation.
Algeria is still a good place to live.
Algeria is still a mysterious country.
Algeria is still a poor country.
Algeria is still a relatively moderate country.
Algeria is still a socialist country.
Algeria is still a work in progress.
Algeria is still being built and it needs everything.
Algeria is still changing.
Algeria is still closed off to the outside world.
Algeria is still colonized.
Algeria is still far away from achieving its economic goals.
Algeria is still far away.
Algeria is still far from Turkey economically.
Algeria is still far from the top.
Algeria is still fighting to remove the legacy of the past system.
Algeria is still friends with Cuba.
Algeria is still not among the high-income countries.
Algeria is still open for business.
Algeria is still part of the developing world.
Algeria is still poor.
Algeria is still recovering from the 1990s civil war.
Algeria is still recovering from the civil war.
Algeria is still riddled with corruption.
Algeria is still roughly the same.
Algeria is still spending like there is no tomorrow.
Algeria is still technically a socialist country.
Algeria is still undergoing a transition towards democracy.
Algeria is still urbanizing.
Algeria is still using oil to bring social change.
Algeria is still very import-dependent.
Algeria is strategically located between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria is strengthening its national identity.
Algeria is strengthening its relations with China.
Algeria is striking a new course for a new age.
Algeria is strong and proud.
Algeria is strong.
Algeria is stronger than ever.
Algeria is struggling to create jobs.
Algeria is struggling to keep up with the coronavirus.
Algeria is struggling to transform itself from an oil and gas economy to a diversified economy.
Algeria is struggling with protectionism.
Algeria is such a vast country.
Algeria is such a wonderful country.
Algeria is such a wonderful land.
Algeria is such an interesting country to talk about.
Algeria is suffering a banking crisis.
Algeria is suffering a huge recession from the Coronavirus pandemic.
Algeria is suffering a political crisis.
Algeria is suffering an economic crisis.
Algeria is suffering from Dutch disease.
Algeria is suffering from a pandemic-induced slowdown.
Algeria is suffering from economic mismanagement.
Algeria is suffering from economic problems.
Algeria is suffering from inflation.
Algeria is suffering from record inflation.
Algeria is suffering from the oil crash of 2014.
Algeria is suffering its worst economic period for decades.
Algeria is suffering with dangerously high inflation rates.
Algeria is supplying Spain and Italy with gas.
Algeria is supposed to be growing more.
Algeria is surrounded by Muslim countries.
Algeria is surrounded by Muslim nations.
Algeria is surrounded by Sunni-majority countries.
Algeria is surrounded by enemies.
Algeria is surrounded by unstable countries.
Algeria is suspicious of Saudi and Qatari influence in the Maghreb region.
Algeria is taking appropriate actions.
Algeria is taking appropriate measures.
Algeria is taking big measures to save its economy.
Algeria is taking major measures to save its economy.
Algeria is taking measures to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
Algeria is taking measures to stimulate the economy.
Algeria is taking no chances and maintains a large army on its borders with Morocco.
Algeria is taking over Sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria is taking steps to improve Internet access in its underserved regions.
Algeria is taking steps to improve transparency in the bidding process for public projects.
Algeria is the 33rd country by population worldwide.
Algeria is the 9th most populous country in Africa.
Algeria is the 9th most populous nation in Africa.
Algeria is the best country in the world.
Algeria is the biggest country in Africa.
Algeria is the biggest country in the region.
Algeria is the bridge between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria is the central linchpin of the Maghreb region both economically and politically.
Algeria is the country I grew up in.
Algeria is the country I know best.
Algeria is the country and Algerian is the nationality.
Algeria is the country where I was born.
Algeria is the cradle of Berber civilization.
Algeria is the envy of many nations.
Algeria is the first North African country I have ever visited.
Algeria is the fourth largest African economy.
Algeria is the fourth largest economy in Africa.
Algeria is the fourth strongest economy in Africa.
Algeria is the gateway to Africa.
Algeria is the keystone of stability in North Africa.
Algeria is the land of Algerians.
Algeria is the land of couscous.
Algeria is the largest African country.
Algeria is the largest African nation.
Algeria is the largest country in Africa, situated in the Maghreb region of North Africa.
Algeria is the largest country in Africa.
Algeria is the largest country in North Africa.
Algeria is the largest country in all of Africa.
Algeria is the largest country on the African continent.
Algeria is the largest of Africa's 54 countries.
Algeria is the last country in the world for justice.
Algeria is the main backer of the Polisario Front that seeks independence in Western Sahara.
Algeria is the main supporter of the Polisario Front.
Algeria is the most beautiful country.
Algeria is the next place Ziri is going to visit.
Algeria is the ninth most populous country in Africa.
Algeria is the perfect place for a fresh start.
Algeria is the place I call home.
Algeria is the place to go.
Algeria is the place where I was born and where I'll die.
Algeria is the type of country other nations fear engaging with.
Algeria is the type of nation other nations fear messing with.
Algeria is thousands of miles away from Canada.
Algeria is thousands of miles away from China.
Algeria is to the Algerian people.
Algeria is too big to ignore in the region.
Algeria is too focused on the oil and gas sector.
Algeria is totally safe.
Algeria is trading internationally.
Algeria is traditionally close to Russia.
Algeria is transforming economically.
Algeria is transforming in a mainly service country.
Algeria is transforming many of its desert areas into productive lands.
Algeria is transforming.
Algeria is transitioning to a primarily industrial nation.
Algeria is transitioning towards industry.
Algeria is tremendously rich in natural resources.
Algeria is truly a beautiful place.
Algeria is truly a fascinating country.
Algeria is truly a vast country.
Algeria is trying extremely hard to diversify its revenue base.
Algeria is trying to attract more tourists.
Algeria is trying to be more attractive to investors.
Algeria is trying to become an important logistical hub in Africa.
Algeria is trying to cover the growth of its energy needs.
Algeria is trying to draw foreign investors in.
Algeria is trying to ensure regional stability.
Algeria is trying to eradicate corruption.
Algeria is trying to find its own way out of poverty.
Algeria is trying to improve its health system.
Algeria is trying to improve its level of competitiveness.
Algeria is trying to increase its income.
Algeria is trying to industrialize on its own terms.
Algeria is trying to invest a lot in its human capital.
Algeria is trying to promote sustainable development in its urban areas.
Algeria is trying to promote the growth of service industries.
Algeria is trying to reduce inequality between urban and rural areas.
Algeria is trying to reduce poverty.
Algeria is trying to root corruption out.
Algeria is trying to stay afloat.
Algeria is trying very hard to diversify its economy.
Algeria is twice as large as your country.
Algeria is unable to attract high added value investment.
Algeria is unambiguously bigger than France.
Algeria is undeniably making progress.
Algeria is underbanked.
Algeria is undergoing a big building boom.
Algeria is undergoing a crisis of legitimacy.
Algeria is undergoing a huge economic crisis.
Algeria is undergoing a political crisis.
Algeria is undergoing a rapid industrial development.
Algeria is undergoing a robust recovery process.
Algeria is undergoing an economic awakening.
Algeria is undergoing an identity crisis.
Algeria is undergoing one of its worst recessions.
Algeria is undergoing some of its worst moments.
Algeria is undertaking large-scale economic reforms.
Algeria is unique and has its unique problems.
Algeria is unique as a country.
Algeria is unique in history.
Algeria is unique in the world.
Algeria is unrestrained in its support for Palestine and Western Sahara.
Algeria is urbanizing.
Algeria is using modern technological methods to transform its desert areas into productive lands.
Algeria is using new technologies to turn desert areas into productive lands.
Algeria is using technology to reverse desertification.
Algeria is very amazing.
Algeria is very big.
Algeria is very bureaucratic.
Algeria is very close to Beijing.
Algeria is very different from China.
Algeria is very different from Norway.
Algeria is very different from Saudi Arabia.
Algeria is very different from the United States.
Algeria is very far from New Zealand.
Algeria is very good at doing that.
Algeria is very interested in China's Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria is very rich in minerals.
Algeria is very safe.
Algeria is very similar to Tunisia.
Algeria is very special.
Algeria is visited by many migratory birds.
Algeria is vulnerable to economic shocks.
Algeria is vying for foreign investment.
Algeria is way cheaper than Japan.
Algeria is wealthy.
Algeria is welcoming Chinese money with open arms.
Algeria is well endowed in natural resources.
Algeria is where Dmitri is originally from.
Algeria is willing to do whatever it can to fight Daesh in North Africa.
Algeria is witnessing a remarkable economic transformation.
Algeria is working to maintain world peace.
Algeria is working to solve this problem.
Algeria is worried about desertification.
Algeria is your country, too.
Algeria is your country.
Algeria isn't a "very fragile" country.
Algeria isn't a Western nation.
Algeria isn't a capitalist country.
Algeria isn't a capitalistic market?
Algeria isn't a communist dictatorship.
Algeria isn't a danger to international stability.
Algeria isn't a dangerous country.
Algeria isn't a dictatorship.
Algeria isn't a fan of high interest rates.
Algeria isn't a federal country.
Algeria isn't a fragmented country.
Algeria isn't a fragmented nation.
Algeria isn't a haven of transparency and democracy.
Algeria isn't a highly indebted country.
Algeria isn't a kingdom.
Algeria isn't a landlocked country.
Algeria isn't a member of the International Organization of la Francophonie.
Algeria isn't a member of the WTO.
Algeria isn't a military dictatorship.
Algeria isn't a monarchy.
Algeria isn't a poor country.
Algeria isn't a province of Saudi Arabia.
Algeria isn't a recipient of food aid.
Algeria isn't a recipient of foreign aid.
Algeria isn't a small country.
Algeria isn't a theocracy.
Algeria isn't a threat to the West.
Algeria isn't a transcontinental country but it's very close to Europe.
Algeria isn't a tropical country.
Algeria isn't a violent country.
Algeria isn't afraid of Morocco.
Algeria isn't afraid of its enemies.
Algeria isn't afraid of its geopolitical enemies.
Algeria isn't afraid of terrorism.
Algeria isn't afraid of terrorists.
Algeria isn't an Asian country.
Algeria isn't an Islamic theocracy.
Algeria isn't an effective democracy.
Algeria isn't an importer of oil.
Algeria isn't an impoverished nation.
Algeria isn't as big as India.
Algeria isn't at war.
Algeria isn't cut off from the rest of the world.
Algeria isn't developing in isolation.
Algeria isn't divided ethnically.
Algeria isn't doing so great.
Algeria isn't doing that much economically.
Algeria isn't endangered as a country.
Algeria isn't experiencing the same issues.
Algeria isn't giving away its resources for free.
Algeria isn't going to collapse.
Algeria isn't going to crumble.
Algeria isn't having its best moment.
Algeria isn't heading for civil war.
Algeria isn't in a cyclone region.
Algeria isn't in critical danger.
Algeria isn't in debt distress.
Algeria isn't in the Middle East.
Algeria isn't in the NATO.
Algeria isn't interested in developing a nuclear weapon.
Algeria isn't interested in making a nuclear bomb.
Algeria isn't interested in making friends with countries that commit war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Algeria isn't internationally isolated.
Algeria isn't just "another country" on the African map.
Algeria isn't just any country.
Algeria isn't like Venezuela.
Algeria isn't limited by who it can trade with internationally.
Algeria isn't located in the Middle East.
Algeria isn't officially represented in the fair this year.
Algeria isn't on China's doorstep, you know.
Algeria isn't on the brink of civil war.
Algeria isn't on the brink of self-destruction.
Algeria isn't on the edge of collapse.
Algeria isn't on the verge of implosion.
Algeria isn't on the way to a civil war.
Algeria isn't one of Africa's fastest growing economies.
Algeria isn't part of Saudi Arabia.
Algeria isn't part of the Middle East.
Algeria isn't perfect.
Algeria isn't really a dictatorship but it isn't a true democracy either.
Algeria isn't really a poor country.
Algeria isn't reliant on tourism.
Algeria isn't responsible for that.
Algeria isn't run by monsters.
Algeria isn't running out of US dollars any time soon.
Algeria isn't running out of dollars.
Algeria isn't set on a course of destroying itself.
Algeria isn't set to be Venezuela.
Algeria isn't starting from scratch.
Algeria isn't taking this lightly.
Algeria isn't the only place where this is happening.
Algeria isn't under a dictatorship.
Algeria isn't very far from the Strait of Gibraltar.
Algeria isn't wealthier than Spain.
Algeria isn't working to reduce its birth rate.
Algeria isn't worse than other nations in that matter.
Algeria joined the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries in 1969.
Algeria kept producing the same number of barrels.
Algeria kills each Kabyle who wants to live in dignity with recognized human rights including self-management and sovereignty.
Algeria knows how to get along with other nations.
Algeria knows which horse to back.
Algeria lacks regional influence.
Algeria lacks the capacity to solve this problem effectively.
Algeria lacks water resources.
Algeria lags behind Vietnam.
Algeria launched schemes to stimulate its economy.
Algeria led a diplomatic effort that engaged multiple countries to put an end to the civil war in Mali.
Algeria led a diplomatic effort to end the civil war in Mali.
Algeria lies geographically in North Africa.
Algeria like having lots of children.
Algeria looks like a paradise.
Algeria lost billions of dollars during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria lost more than 200,000 people during the civil war of the 1990's.
Algeria maintains Islam as a central part of the Algerian identity.
Algeria maintains a relatively high quality of life among developing nations.
Algeria maintains good trading relations with China.
Algeria makes a census every ten years.
Algeria makes drones.
Algeria makes mobile phones.
Algeria managed to become a middle-income country.
Algeria managed to rebuild its economy after the devastating civil war of the 1990s.
Algeria managed to reduce its poverty rate.
Algeria manufactures arms.
Algeria manufactures cellphones.
Algeria manufactures military armored cars.
Algeria manufactures military vehicles.
Algeria manufactures solar panels.
Algeria manufactures vehicles.
Algeria matters to us all.
Algeria may be the fourth largest economy in Africa but it's not a rich nation.
Algeria may lack some things but it has lots of oil and gas and plenty of other natural resources.
Algeria may soon undergo a historic change.
Algeria monitors its borders.
Algeria more than ever needs to protect its industries.
Algeria must confront its problems.
Algeria must hold free and fair elections.
Algeria must keep its sovereignty over all of its territory.
Algeria nationalized its major industries in the 1970s.
Algeria nationalized its oil and gas in 1971.
Algeria nationalized its oil in the 1970s.
Algeria nationalized its oil industry.
Algeria nationalized its oil infrastructure.
Algeria nationalized its oil refineries in the early 1970s.
Algeria nationalized most of its industries in the 1970s.
Algeria nationalized oil production in the 1970s.
Algeria need to become an authentic democracy.
Algeria needed to improve its deteriorating infrastructure.
Algeria needed to industrialize rapidly.
Algeria needs Chinese investments.
Algeria needs Chinese money.
Algeria needs European investments.
Algeria needs FDI.
Algeria needs a 180 degree turnaround for its institutions.
Algeria needs a baby boom.
Algeria needs a better naval modernization policy.
Algeria needs a big population that speaks English as its second language.
Algeria needs a broad-based economic transformation.
Algeria needs a comprehensive national urbanization policy that guides the country's urbanization process.
Algeria needs a decently powerful economy.
Algeria needs a decentralization of power.
Algeria needs a democratic transition.
Algeria needs a developed industrial sector.
Algeria needs a developed industry.
Algeria needs a diversified economy.
Algeria needs a fiscal transparency law.
Algeria needs a flexible environment for doing business.
Algeria needs a free market economy.
Algeria needs a free market system.
Algeria needs a good government.
Algeria needs a healthy democracy.
Algeria needs a healthy middle class.
Algeria needs a high international opening.
Algeria needs a high-speed rail line.
Algeria needs a higher-productivity industry.
Algeria needs a huge population.
Algeria needs a huge skilled English-speaking population.
Algeria needs a large conventional fleet.
Algeria needs a larger submarine fleet.
Algeria needs a less restrictive environment for investment.
Algeria needs a lot of highly-skilled people.
Algeria needs a lot of investments.
Algeria needs a lot of water to irrigate its large plantations in the high plateaus and the south of the country.
Algeria needs a lot of water.
Algeria needs a macroeconomic stability strategy.
Algeria needs a mixed economy.
Algeria needs a modern economy.
Algeria needs a modern rail system.
Algeria needs a more efficient form of bureaucracy.
Algeria needs a more efficient form of government.
Algeria needs a more liberal market.
Algeria needs a more qualified workforce.
Algeria needs a much better banking system.
Algeria needs a much better business environment.
Algeria needs a much higher GDP.
Algeria needs a much more diverse economy.
Algeria needs a much stronger army.
Algeria needs a new austerity package.
Algeria needs a new capital.
Algeria needs a new constitution that will establish a true democratic system.
Algeria needs a new economic approach.
Algeria needs a new economic strategy.
Algeria needs a new economy.
Algeria needs a new electoral system.
Algeria needs a new foreign investment law.
Algeria needs a new image.
Algeria needs a new pan-Algerian progressive party.
Algeria needs a new political culture.
Algeria needs a new political philosophy.
Algeria needs a new political system.
Algeria needs a new president who would get the country back on track.
Algeria needs a new privatization plan.
Algeria needs a new system of government.
Algeria needs a new trade deal with the EU.
Algeria needs a peaceful transition of power.
Algeria needs a powerful army.
Algeria needs a powerful navy.
Algeria needs a powerful plan to become a destination for foreign businesses.
Algeria needs a powerful plan to become a destination for foreign investors.
Algeria needs a privatization plan.
Algeria needs a progressive government.
Algeria needs a prosperous economy.
Algeria needs a quality democracy.
Algeria needs a quick economic recovery.
Algeria needs a rapid transit system.
Algeria needs a ship building industry.
Algeria needs a smaller carbon footprint.
Algeria needs a stable and sustainable economy.
Algeria needs a stable national currency.
Algeria needs a strong civil society.
Algeria needs a strong government.
Algeria needs a strong manufacturing sector.
Algeria needs a strong military to defend its independence and strategic interests in the region.
Algeria needs a strong plan of economic stabilization.
Algeria needs a strong plan of reforms.
Algeria needs a technological revolution.
Algeria needs a ton of highly-skilled people.
Algeria needs a total transformation.
Algeria needs a trade agreement with the US.
Algeria needs a transformation plan.
Algeria needs a transition towards democracy.
Algeria needs a transparent electoral system.
Algeria needs a truly free press.
Algeria needs a very large merchant fleet.
Algeria needs a young and educated workforce.
Algeria needs advanced industry.
Algeria needs agricultural machines.
Algeria needs agriculture.
Algeria needs all of us.
Algeria needs alternative revenue streams such as tourism.
Algeria needs an IT boom.
Algeria needs an ambitious program to privatize public utilities.
Algeria needs an economic transformation.
Algeria needs an effective democratization.
Algeria needs an efficient diversification strategy.
Algeria needs an efficient economic diversification strategy.
Algeria needs an inclusive central government.
Algeria needs an open-trade regime.
Algeria needs and can transform into an African superpower.
Algeria needs antidumping measures.
Algeria needs better infrastructure.
Algeria needs better national spatial plans.
Algeria needs big bulk ports.
Algeria needs bigger corporations.
Algeria needs billions of dollars in order to restart its economy.
Algeria needs budgetary stability.
Algeria needs buildings that run on sustainable energy.
Algeria needs clean electricity.
Algeria needs clever investors.
Algeria needs concrete reforms.
Algeria needs corruption-free politicians.
Algeria needs deep economic reforms.
Algeria needs deep structural change.
Algeria needs democratic and transparent institutions.
Algeria needs dozens of surface vessels.
Algeria needs eco-friendly apartment complexes.
Algeria needs eco-friendly buildings.
Algeria needs eco-friendly urban centers.
Algeria needs economic hubs.
Algeria needs economic reform.
Algeria needs economic reforms.
Algeria needs economic stability.
Algeria needs educational reforms.
Algeria needs engineering schools.
Algeria needs export-orientated policies.
Algeria needs extensive reforms.
Algeria needs far more extensive reforms.
Algeria needs firm economic reforms.
Algeria needs fiscal transparency.
Algeria needs flexible business policies.
Algeria needs foreign capital inflows.
Algeria needs foreign currencies.
Algeria needs foreign direct investment.
Algeria needs foreign investment.
Algeria needs foreign investors in order to develop.
Algeria needs good governance.
Algeria needs government reforms.
Algeria needs groundbreaking economic reforms.
Algeria needs growth industries.
Algeria needs high-productivity jobs.
Algeria needs high-profile naval weaponry.
Algeria needs high-skilled labor.
Algeria needs high-speed rail lines.
Algeria needs high-speed rail.
Algeria needs high-speed railway line.
Algeria needs high-speed railways.
Algeria needs high-value industries?
Algeria needs higher growth.
Algeria needs highly educated people.
Algeria needs hope.
Algeria needs hospitals.
Algeria needs huge investments to improve its infrastructure.
Algeria needs huge wind farms.
Algeria needs industrial parks fully equipped with modern infrastructure.
Algeria needs industrial parks.
Algeria needs infrastructure investments.
Algeria needs infrastructure projects.
Algeria needs institutions that attract a lot of foreign investment.
Algeria needs investments.
Algeria needs investors.
Algeria needs its best brains to make its economy healthy again.
Algeria needs its brains.
Algeria needs its economic miracle, too.
Algeria needs its engineers.
Algeria needs large dams.
Algeria needs liberal reforms.
Algeria needs lots of successful investors.
Algeria needs macroeconomic stability.
Algeria needs major labor reforms.
Algeria needs manufacturing industries.
Algeria needs manufacturing jobs.
Algeria needs massive growth.
Algeria needs massive industrial parks.
Algeria needs millions of jobs to boost its economy.
Algeria needs millions of new jobs to help boost its economy.
Algeria needs millions of skilled workers.
Algeria needs modern agricultural machinery.
Algeria needs modern agricultural tools.
Algeria needs modern airports.
Algeria needs modern recycling centers.
Algeria needs modern train systems.
Algeria needs modern weapons.
Algeria needs monetary reforms.
Algeria needs more airports.
Algeria needs more big hotels on the coast.
Algeria needs more brains.
Algeria needs more bridges.
Algeria needs more business-friendly laws.
Algeria needs more companies that produce wealth.
Algeria needs more companies.
Algeria needs more convention centers.
Algeria needs more crop-yielding productive lands.
Algeria needs more dams.
Algeria needs more economic liberalization.
Algeria needs more engineering schools.
Algeria needs more engineers.
Algeria needs more expressways.
Algeria needs more factories.
Algeria needs more fertile lands to feed its growing population.
Algeria needs more fertile lands.
Algeria needs more foreign businesses.
Algeria needs more foreign currency reserves.
Algeria needs more foreign direct investment.
Algeria needs more foreign investment.
Algeria needs more green entrepreneurs.
Algeria needs more health facilities.
Algeria needs more high-skilled labor.
Algeria needs more high-speed rail projects.
Algeria needs more hotels.
Algeria needs more hydro-power potential.
Algeria needs more hydroelectric plants.
Algeria needs more hydroelectric power plants.
Algeria needs more hydropower plants.
Algeria needs more impressive skylines.
Algeria needs more incineration plants.
Algeria needs more industrial companies.
Algeria needs more industrial hubs.
Algeria needs more industrial parks.
Algeria needs more infrastructure projects.
Algeria needs more innovative partnerships with foreign countries.
Algeria needs more labor-intensive industries.
Algeria needs more medium-speed railway lines.
Algeria needs more nature reserves.
Algeria needs more people to work in agriculture.
Algeria needs more physical infrastructure to boost its economy.
Algeria needs more ports.
Algeria needs more power plants.
Algeria needs more productive land to grow food on.
Algeria needs more research and development facilities.
Algeria needs more roads.
Algeria needs more secular laws.
Algeria needs more sewage treatment plants.
Algeria needs more skilled engineers.
Algeria needs more skilled workers.
Algeria needs more skyscrapers.
Algeria needs more structural reforms.
Algeria needs more successful entrepreneurs.
Algeria needs more surface vessels to secure its coasts.
Algeria needs more water for agriculture.
Algeria needs more water supplies.
Algeria needs more water.
Algeria needs more wind turbines.
Algeria needs more workers.
Algeria needs much bigger shipping ports.
Algeria needs much more factories.
Algeria needs much more labor-intensive industries.
Algeria needs much more physical infrastructure.
Algeria needs much more water plants.
Algeria needs new foreign investment laws.
Algeria needs new hotels.
Algeria needs new incinerators.
Algeria needs new rail lines.
Algeria needs peace and stability.
Algeria needs plug-and-play production facilities.
Algeria needs political stability.
Algeria needs private engineering schools.
Algeria needs productive business investment.
Algeria needs productivity growth.
Algeria needs radical economic and political reforms.
Algeria needs rapid industrialization.
Algeria needs raw materials for its burgeoning industry.
Algeria needs recycling centers.
Algeria needs reforms and they need to be done right.
Algeria needs reforms to boost its economy.
Algeria needs reforms to sustain its long-term economic growth.
Algeria needs reforms.
Algeria needs renewable energy.
Algeria needs revolutionary changes.
Algeria needs robust supply chains.
Algeria needs shipping ports much bigger than those it currently has.
Algeria needs significant economic reforms.
Algeria needs skilled and educated workforce.
Algeria needs skilled human capital.
Algeria needs skilled workers.
Algeria needs smart cities.
Algeria needs socioeconomic reforms.
Algeria needs some structural reforms.
Algeria needs sorting centers.
Algeria needs sorting facilities.
Algeria needs special economic zones.
Algeria needs stability.
Algeria needs steel.
Algeria needs strong institutions.
Algeria needs strong leaders.
Algeria needs strong sustained growth.
Algeria needs stronger growth.
Algeria needs structural reforms.
Algeria needs substantial fiscal reforms.
Algeria needs substantial monetary reforms.
Algeria needs sustainable economic growth.
Algeria needs sustainable industry.
Algeria needs sustainable reforms.
Algeria needs sustained economic growth.
Algeria needs tax reforms to improve government revenue.
Algeria needs technological development.
Algeria needs tens of billions of dollars to meet its infrastructure needs.
Algeria needs to abandon this failing system in favor of capitalism.
Algeria needs to abolish ignorance.
Algeria needs to absorb and expand its workforce.
Algeria needs to accelerate its development.
Algeria needs to accelerate its economic growth.
Algeria needs to achieve a democratic transition in a very short period of time.
Algeria needs to achieve a high employment rate in a short period of time.
Algeria needs to achieve a higher growth rate.
Algeria needs to achieve democracy.
Algeria needs to achieve economic growth.
Algeria needs to achieve food self-sufficiency.
Algeria needs to achieve high economic growth.
Algeria needs to acquire more advanced military technology.
Algeria needs to act as a link between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria needs to address a set of economic challenges.
Algeria needs to address its corruption problem.
Algeria needs to address its currency's slide.
Algeria needs to address its demographic challenges.
Algeria needs to address its informal sector.
Algeria needs to address its tax evasion issues.
Algeria needs to address many infamous economic activities.
Algeria needs to address multiple issues.
Algeria needs to address the dinosaur in the room.
Algeria needs to address the elephant in the room.
Algeria needs to address the inflation problem.
Algeria needs to address these key issues.
Algeria needs to address these problems.
Algeria needs to address this problem.
Algeria needs to adjust its economy to face the oil price crash.
Algeria needs to adjust its economy.
Algeria needs to adopt a new economic strategy.
Algeria needs to adopt a truly secular educational system.
Algeria needs to adopt similar economic strategies.
Algeria needs to allocate resources to improve and expand water infrastructure, including water treatment plants, distribution networks, and storage facilities.
Algeria needs to allocate resources to industry and agriculture.
Algeria needs to approach French authorities to investigate the corrupt officials of the Bouteflika regime.
Algeria needs to assert its interests.
Algeria needs to attract Europe's huge middle class to its beautiful beaches and deserts.
Algeria needs to attract a lot of foreign investment.
Algeria needs to attract foreign capital.
Algeria needs to attract foreign companies.
Algeria needs to attract foreign direct investment.
Algeria needs to attract foreign investment.
Algeria needs to attract foreign investments.
Algeria needs to attract foreign investors.
Algeria needs to attract high-end manufacturers.
Algeria needs to attract investment in different sectors.
Algeria needs to attract investments from all over the world.
Algeria needs to attract investors from all over the world.
Algeria needs to attract investors.
Algeria needs to attract lots of foreign companies.
Algeria needs to attract major car brands.
Algeria needs to attract more capital from overseas.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign companies.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign entrepreneurs.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign investment.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign investors.
Algeria needs to attract more investment.
Algeria needs to attract more investors.
Algeria needs to attract more multinational corporations.
Algeria needs to attract new investment.
Algeria needs to attract significant foreign investments.
Algeria needs to attract tourists from all over the world.
Algeria needs to attract tourists.
Algeria needs to attracts tourists.
Algeria needs to avoid the mistakes of the past.
Algeria needs to avoid this situation.
Algeria needs to ban the import of traditional vehicles and encourage the use of electric vehicles.
Algeria needs to be a democratic country.
Algeria needs to be a popular tourist destination.
Algeria needs to be a regional power.
Algeria needs to be attractive to international investors.
Algeria needs to be cautious.
Algeria needs to be freed from corruption.
Algeria needs to be kept secular.
Algeria needs to be launched into the space age.
Algeria needs to be more independent economically.
Algeria needs to be pulled off this political crisis.
Algeria needs to be pulled out of this political crisis.
Algeria needs to be purged of corruption.
Algeria needs to be purged of racism.
Algeria needs to be strong.
Algeria needs to be stronger.
Algeria needs to be transformed into a high-income country.
Algeria needs to be turned into a wealthy economy.
Algeria needs to be united in the face of racism, separatism, and takfirism.
Algeria needs to be united in the face of separatism.
Algeria needs to beat its regional rival, Morocco.
Algeria needs to become a business hub.
Algeria needs to become a central player in North Africa.
Algeria needs to become a decently powerful economy.
Algeria needs to become a developed nation.
Algeria needs to become a diverse economy.
Algeria needs to become a fast-growing economy.
Algeria needs to become a healthy democracy.
Algeria needs to become a hub for component manufacturing.
Algeria needs to become a labor-intensive economy.
Algeria needs to become a large manufacturer.
Algeria needs to become a manufacturing hub.
Algeria needs to become a model of economic development in the region.
Algeria needs to become a more developed economy.
Algeria needs to become a successful nation.
Algeria needs to become a tech-manufacturing hub.
Algeria needs to become an attractive place for foreign direct investments.
Algeria needs to become an economic power.
Algeria needs to become an export economy.
Algeria needs to become an export power.
Algeria needs to become an important aviation hub.
Algeria needs to become an industrial giant.
Algeria needs to become an open and free country.
Algeria needs to become highly industrialized.
Algeria needs to become more assertive in the region.
Algeria needs to become more environmentally friendly.
Algeria needs to become rich and prosperous.
Algeria needs to become self-sufficient in agriculture.
Algeria needs to become very attractive to foreign investors.
Algeria needs to begin a massive economic liberalization program.
Algeria needs to boost competitiveness.
Algeria needs to boost domestic consumption.
Algeria needs to boost economic development.
Algeria needs to boost economic growth.
Algeria needs to boost economic productivity.
Algeria needs to boost its agricultural output.
Algeria needs to boost its declining economy.
Algeria needs to boost its national economy.
Algeria needs to boost the corporate tax rate.
Algeria needs to boot out these people.
Algeria needs to break the cycle of poverty.
Algeria needs to bring down inflation.
Algeria needs to build a democratic system.
Algeria needs to build a diversified economy.
Algeria needs to build a navy.
Algeria needs to build a strong economy.
Algeria needs to build a stronger infrastructure.
Algeria needs to build better infrastructure.
Algeria needs to build energy-efficient buildings.
Algeria needs to build high-speed railways.
Algeria needs to build its own manufacturing base.
Algeria needs to build large foreign currency reserves.
Algeria needs to build more airports.
Algeria needs to build more dams.
Algeria needs to build more desalination plants.
Algeria needs to build more hotels.
Algeria needs to build more hydroelectric dams.
Algeria needs to build more infrastructure and improve its maintenance.
Algeria needs to build more infrastructure.
Algeria needs to build more museums.
Algeria needs to build more ports.
Algeria needs to build more power plants.
Algeria needs to build more resorts to attract foreign tourists.
Algeria needs to build more resorts.
Algeria needs to build more roads.
Algeria needs to build much more dams.
Algeria needs to build much more hospitals.
Algeria needs to build new and modern hospitals.
Algeria needs to build new bridges.
Algeria needs to build new dams.
Algeria needs to build new hospitals.
Algeria needs to build new railways.
Algeria needs to build new roads.
Algeria needs to build new wind farms.
Algeria needs to build up its missile capabilities.
Algeria needs to build wind farms.
Algeria needs to buy dollar reserves.
Algeria needs to buy gold.
Algeria needs to carry out radical reforms.
Algeria needs to change course.
Algeria needs to change its economic model.
Algeria needs to change its economic trajectory.
Algeria needs to change this.
Algeria needs to clean up its oil sector.
Algeria needs to collect rainwater and use it in the water supply system.
Algeria needs to combat desertification.
Algeria needs to combat land degradation.
Algeria needs to combat the expansion of the Sahara desert.
Algeria needs to completely change its model.
Algeria needs to connect its farmers with markets in Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria needs to connect with the outside world.
Algeria needs to conquer sub-Saharan African markets.
Algeria needs to consolidate its democracy.
Algeria needs to consolidate its fiscal situation.
Algeria needs to consolidate links with Africa.
Algeria needs to construct more dams along its rivers.
Algeria needs to construct more power plants.
Algeria needs to construct new cities to attract investment.
Algeria needs to construct new cities to attract investments.
Algeria needs to construct new dams.
Algeria needs to continue its economic development.
Algeria needs to control its inflation.
Algeria needs to control the region to survive.
Algeria needs to convert desert into productive lands.
Algeria needs to cooperate with France. There is no way around it.
Algeria needs to cope with other issues.
Algeria needs to cope with regional instability.
Algeria needs to create a breadbasket in its high plateaus.
Algeria needs to create a real middle class that's ready to spend money.
Algeria needs to create a stable economy.
Algeria needs to create high-value jobs.
Algeria needs to create incentives for businesses to make better products at a low price.
Algeria needs to create lots of manufacturing jobs.
Algeria needs to create more jobs by attracting more FDIs.
Algeria needs to create new industries.
Algeria needs to create thousands of jobs.
Algeria needs to create well-paid jobs.
Algeria needs to cut government spending.
Algeria needs to cut its spending.
Algeria needs to cut public spending.
Algeria needs to cut spending.
Algeria needs to cut subsidization.
Algeria needs to deal with corruption.
Algeria needs to deal with its high-level corruption problem.
Algeria needs to deal with its internal crisis.
Algeria needs to deal with the real issues.
Algeria needs to deal with this challenge.
Algeria needs to decarbonize its electricity system.
Algeria needs to decentralize planning.
Algeria needs to decrease its emission levels.
Algeria needs to decrease public spending.
Algeria needs to deepen the liberalization of its economy.
Algeria needs to defend its independence.
Algeria needs to deregulate its economy.
Algeria needs to determine its own prosperity.
Algeria needs to develop a bigger navy.
Algeria needs to develop a differentiated tourism industry.
Algeria needs to develop a high corporate culture.
Algeria needs to develop a more self-sufficient economy.
Algeria needs to develop a new water management plan.
Algeria needs to develop a services-based economy.
Algeria needs to develop an agriculture that creates real wealth.
Algeria needs to develop better infrastructure.
Algeria needs to develop economically.
Algeria needs to develop huge plantations in the desert.
Algeria needs to develop industrial parks.
Algeria needs to develop industries that would create jobs and real wealth.
Algeria needs to develop internally.
Algeria needs to develop its agricultural sector.
Algeria needs to develop its cultural influence.
Algeria needs to develop its digital infrastructure.
Algeria needs to develop its economy.
Algeria needs to develop its education system.
Algeria needs to develop its export industry.
Algeria needs to develop its food processing industry.
Algeria needs to develop its foreign trade.
Algeria needs to develop its garment industry.
Algeria needs to develop its heavy industries.
Algeria needs to develop its industrial base.
Algeria needs to develop its industrial capacity.
Algeria needs to develop its industrial sector.
Algeria needs to develop its industry.
Algeria needs to develop its labor-intensive economy.
Algeria needs to develop its local industries.
Algeria needs to develop its manufacturing sector.
Algeria needs to develop its maritime industry.
Algeria needs to develop its merchant marine.
Algeria needs to develop its mining sector.
Algeria needs to develop its navy.
Algeria needs to develop its non-oil industries.
Algeria needs to develop its own technology.
Algeria needs to develop its ready-made clothing industry.
Algeria needs to develop its ready-made clothing sector.
Algeria needs to develop its renewable energy sector.
Algeria needs to develop its shipping ports and build new ones.
Algeria needs to develop its shipping ports.
Algeria needs to develop its technological capabilities.
Algeria needs to develop its telecommunications sector.
Algeria needs to develop its tourism industry.
Algeria needs to develop its tourism sector.
Algeria needs to develop its urban environment.
Algeria needs to develop its water resources.
Algeria needs to develop its wind resources.
Algeria needs to develop local industries that could create substitutes for imports.
Algeria needs to develop local industries that could create substitutes to imports.
Algeria needs to develop lucrative fields.
Algeria needs to develop new export-oriented industry.
Algeria needs to develop new industrial parks.
Algeria needs to develop other technology sectors.
Algeria needs to develop productive activities.
Algeria needs to develop some economic sectors.
Algeria needs to develop the automobile manufacturing sector.
Algeria needs to develop the infrastructure required to become a developed nation.
Algeria needs to develop the sector of high-skilled manufacturing.
Algeria needs to discipline its population through education.
Algeria needs to discover new oil fields.
Algeria needs to dismantle political censorship.
Algeria needs to dispose of extremism.
Algeria needs to diversify its economy and attract foreign investments.
Algeria needs to diversify its economy at all costs.
Algeria needs to diversify its economy from oil.
Algeria needs to diversify its economy.
Algeria needs to diversify its energy production.
Algeria needs to diversify its energy sources.
Algeria needs to diversify its export routes.
Algeria needs to diversify its markets.
Algeria needs to diversity its exports.
Algeria needs to do the nearly impossible to develop its economy.
Algeria needs to do the right things.
Algeria needs to do this very cautiously.
Algeria needs to double its GDP per capita.
Algeria needs to double its GDP.
Algeria needs to double its revenue from tourism.
Algeria needs to educate its population.
Algeria needs to elect a new parliament.
Algeria needs to electrify its transportation sector.
Algeria needs to eliminate abject poverty.
Algeria needs to eliminate corruption.
Algeria needs to eliminate its deficits.
Algeria needs to eliminate its endemic corruption.
Algeria needs to embark on a new path of economic development.
Algeria needs to embrace free market principles.
Algeria needs to embrace globalization.
Algeria needs to emerge from the developing world to become an regional economic power.
Algeria needs to emphatically assert its status as a big and modern nation.
Algeria needs to encourage a healthy free market.
Algeria needs to encourage foreign companies to invest in the country.
Algeria needs to encourage foreign investment.
Algeria needs to encourage private investment.
Algeria needs to encourage the spread of democratic values with are new to most Algerians.
Algeria needs to encourage the use of proper irrigation techniques.
Algeria needs to enforce social distancing measures to reduce person-to-person transmission of the coronavirus.
Algeria needs to enhance economic and political cooperation with China.
Algeria needs to enhance its economic growth.
Algeria needs to enhance its regional connectivity.
Algeria needs to enhance its trade relations with Russia and China.
Algeria needs to enhance media freedoms.
Algeria needs to ensure health coverage to most of its population.
Algeria needs to equip thousands of houses with solar power.
Algeria needs to eradicate bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to eradicate corruption.
Algeria needs to establish a national urbanization policy.
Algeria needs to establish itself as a true regional power.
Algeria needs to establish itself as the bridge between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria needs to evolve in the right direction.
Algeria needs to execute its financial reforms.
Algeria needs to exercise its control on the totality of its vast territory.
Algeria needs to exert its might as a regional power.
Algeria needs to expand its area of influence.
Algeria needs to expand its cultural influence in the region.
Algeria needs to expand its cultural influence.
Algeria needs to expand its military influence.
Algeria needs to expand its military might.
Algeria needs to expand its political and economic influence in the region.
Algeria needs to expand its political influence.
Algeria needs to expand local industries.
Algeria needs to explode the productive efficiency of its workers.
Algeria needs to exploit its natural resources efficiently.
Algeria needs to exploit its natural resources.
Algeria needs to exploit its natural wealth efficiently.
Algeria needs to exploit its renewable energies.
Algeria needs to exploit its resources properly.
Algeria needs to exploit its wealth.
Algeria needs to exploit its wind energy.
Algeria needs to exploit the Gara Djebilet mine.
Algeria needs to exploit the potential of its solar power.
Algeria needs to export better products for a lower price.
Algeria needs to export its goods and services.
Algeria needs to export its music and culture around the world.
Algeria needs to export its natural resources.
Algeria needs to export more energy to Europe.
Algeria needs to export more goods and services.
Algeria needs to export more goods.
Algeria needs to export more oil and gas.
Algeria needs to export more oil.
Algeria needs to export more to Africa.
Algeria needs to export more.
Algeria needs to export much more.
Algeria needs to extend its influence throughout Africa.
Algeria needs to extend its rail lines.
Algeria needs to extract more resources.
Algeria needs to facilitate greater access to international markets.
Algeria needs to facilitate industrialization.
Algeria needs to facilitate merchandise export.
Algeria needs to facilitate trade.
Algeria needs to feed its growing population.
Algeria needs to fight against organized crime.
Algeria needs to fight corruption.
Algeria needs to fight illegal garbage dumpers.
Algeria needs to fight its corrupt mafia.
Algeria needs to fight its shadow economy.
Algeria needs to fight poverty.
Algeria needs to fight secessionism.
Algeria needs to find a way to stabilize its economy.
Algeria needs to find new natural gas reserves.
Algeria needs to find new ways to extract its oil and gas in a cheaper way.
Algeria needs to find solutions to this.
Algeria needs to find the balance between security and liberty in the face of major political instability.
Algeria needs to fix its political instability.
Algeria needs to focus on exports to increase growth.
Algeria needs to focus on exports.
Algeria needs to focus on investing in industry and agriculture.
Algeria needs to follow Singapore's footsteps.
Algeria needs to follow an import-substitution regime.
Algeria needs to forge a new strategic deal with France.
Algeria needs to forge a path for others to follow.
Algeria needs to fuel its economic growth.
Algeria needs to fund its economic projects.
Algeria needs to generate enough jobs for millions of young people.
Algeria needs to generate enough jobs for thousands of young graduates.
Algeria needs to generate millions of jobs.
Algeria needs to generate wealth and distribute it fairly across the nation.
Algeria needs to get back in the game.
Algeria needs to get back on track.
Algeria needs to get its economy back on track.
Algeria needs to get its house in order.
Algeria needs to get out of oil as soon as possible.
Algeria needs to get out of poverty.
Algeria needs to get rich.
Algeria needs to get rid of bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucratic managers.
Algeria needs to get rid of its centralized bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to get rid of its corrupt oligarchs.
Algeria needs to get rid of its dependency on oil.
Algeria needs to give tourism a significant boost.
Algeria needs to go on a campaign of industrialization.
Algeria needs to grow a middle class.
Algeria needs to grow and develop.
Algeria needs to grow crops in its vast desert.
Algeria needs to grow high-value sectors.
Algeria needs to grow its own food.
Algeria needs to grow more cash crops.
Algeria needs to grow more vegetation in its arid areas.
Algeria needs to grow more wheat and barley.
Algeria needs to grow those sectors.
Algeria needs to grow.
Algeria needs to harness the abundant sunshine of the Sahara and export its energy to Europe.
Algeria needs to harvest more energy from sunlight.
Algeria needs to have a dynamic tourism sector.
Algeria needs to have a proper democratic government.
Algeria needs to have a strong manufacturing sector.
Algeria needs to have a thriving middle class.
Algeria needs to have a truly transparent electoral system.
Algeria needs to have an economic recovery.
Algeria needs to have an open and democratic system.
Algeria needs to have bigger and better infrastructure.
Algeria needs to have its own Hollywood.
Algeria needs to have strong stable trade routes.
Algeria needs to help healthcare workers.
Algeria needs to hold free and fair elections.
Algeria needs to implement an effective plan of economic reform.
Algeria needs to implement macroeconomic policies to protect its economy.
Algeria needs to implement radical reforms.
Algeria needs to implement these reforms.
Algeria needs to import fewer things.
Algeria needs to import less stuff.
Algeria needs to import less.
Algeria needs to improve its business climate.
Algeria needs to improve its business environment.
Algeria needs to improve its electricity production.
Algeria needs to improve its growth.
Algeria needs to improve its health system.
Algeria needs to improve its infrastructure.
Algeria needs to improve its laws.
Algeria needs to improve its population's purchasing power.
Algeria needs to improve its public transport.
Algeria needs to improve its ties with the world's major democracies.
Algeria needs to improve its waste management.
Algeria needs to improve its water system by preventing leaks and fixing them on time.
Algeria needs to improve productivity in the agricultural sector.
Algeria needs to improve relations with France.
Algeria needs to improve the competitiveness of its companies.
Algeria needs to improve the quality of its human capital.
Algeria needs to improve the rule of law in the country.
Algeria needs to improve the skills of its government officials.
Algeria needs to increase growth.
Algeria needs to increase investment in affordable housing.
Algeria needs to increase its GDP.
Algeria needs to increase its assertiveness in foreign affairs.
Algeria needs to increase its assertiveness in foreign politics.
Algeria needs to increase its assertiveness in the region.
Algeria needs to increase its economic growth.
Algeria needs to increase its financial transparency.
Algeria needs to increase its fleet.
Algeria needs to increase its fresh produce exports.
Algeria needs to increase its growth.
Algeria needs to increase its manpower.
Algeria needs to increase its money supply.
Algeria needs to increase its power-generation capacity.
Algeria needs to increase its regional leadership.
Algeria needs to increase its wealth.
Algeria needs to increase productivity.
Algeria needs to increase youth employment.
Algeria needs to industrialize its economy.
Algeria needs to industrialize rapidly.
Algeria needs to industrialize.
Algeria needs to instill confidence in potential investors.
Algeria needs to integrate its outlying regions with the more developed north.
Algeria needs to intensify its liberalization process.
Algeria needs to introduce a new economic policy.
Algeria needs to introduce better ways to manage economic crises.
Algeria needs to introduce new economic reforms.
Algeria needs to invest a lot of money in technology.
Algeria needs to invest billions in technology.
Algeria needs to invest billions to end water scarcity.
Algeria needs to invest enough in the oil sector to maintain good oil production levels.
Algeria needs to invest in agricultural machinery.
Algeria needs to invest in infrastructure.
Algeria needs to invest in manufacturing.
Algeria needs to invest in more efficient farms.
Algeria needs to invest in new technologies.
Algeria needs to invest in renewable energies.
Algeria needs to invest in technology.
Algeria needs to invest in transportation.
Algeria needs to invest its oil revenues in a good way.
Algeria needs to invest more in solar-power plants.
Algeria needs to invest more money in renewable energies.
Algeria needs to invest on a grand scale to modernize its infrastructure.
Algeria needs to iron out inequality between men and women.
Algeria needs to irrigate its large plantations in the south of the country.
Algeria needs to irrigate more crops.
Algeria needs to jump-start its economic recovery.
Algeria needs to keep expanding its area of influence.
Algeria needs to keep getting richer.
Algeria needs to keep inflation at a very low rate.
Algeria needs to keep its GDP in a safe spot.
Algeria needs to keep its economy afloat.
Algeria needs to keep its economy going.
Algeria needs to keep its economy moving.
Algeria needs to keep peace at all cost.
Algeria needs to keep spending on building infrastructure.
Algeria needs to keep the dinar stable.
Algeria needs to kick-start its economic recovery.
Algeria needs to launch a new economic plan.
Algeria needs to launch comprehensive public awareness campaigns to educate citizens about the negative impacts of littering on health, environment, and aesthetics.
Algeria needs to lead by example.
Algeria needs to leap into the modern world.
Algeria needs to lift its people out of poverty.
Algeria needs to limit traffic in its largest cities.
Algeria needs to lower the corporate tax.
Algeria needs to maintain its independence.
Algeria needs to maintain its political unity.
Algeria needs to maintain its sovereignty.
Algeria needs to maintain its unity.
Algeria needs to maintain stability at all cost.
Algeria needs to make IT companies its largest private employers.
Algeria needs to make a firm commitment to preserving its natural environment.
Algeria needs to make an economic transition.
Algeria needs to make banking transactions faster and secure.
Algeria needs to make big investments.
Algeria needs to make change happen fast.
Algeria needs to make credit more accessible to entrepreneurs.
Algeria needs to make electric vehicles.
Algeria needs to make electronic payment easier.
Algeria needs to make electronics a large industry.
Algeria needs to make its cities more green.
Algeria needs to make its economy virtually cashless.
Algeria needs to make its markets more free.
Algeria needs to make its presence felt in North Africa.
Algeria needs to make its presence felt in the region.
Algeria needs to make its young population more motivated.
Algeria needs to make living and working in Algiers easier.
Algeria needs to make more efforts to reconnect with its Berber heritage.
Algeria needs to make serious moves to liberalize.
Algeria needs to make significant decreases of carbon dioxide emission.
Algeria needs to make the Mediterranean Games of Oran a triumph.
Algeria needs to make this its top priority.
Algeria needs to manage its economic transition.
Algeria needs to manage its inflation.
Algeria needs to manage its water waste efficiently.
Algeria needs to manufacture electric vehicles.
Algeria needs to manufacture high-end products.
Algeria needs to massively increase its electricity production.
Algeria needs to massively increase its power production.
Algeria needs to massively ramp up its gas production.
Algeria needs to massively reduce tariffs.
Algeria needs to meet its development goals.
Algeria needs to mitigate its vulnerabilities.
Algeria needs to modernize its agricultural sector.
Algeria needs to modernize its army.
Algeria needs to modernize its economy.
Algeria needs to modernize its education system.
Algeria needs to modernize its hospitals.
Algeria needs to modernize its infrastructure.
Algeria needs to modernize its public transportation system.
Algeria needs to modernize its waste management.
Algeria needs to move away from fossil energy.
Algeria needs to move away from fossil fuels.
Algeria needs to move away from its reliance on hydrocarbons.
Algeria needs to move away from its reliance on oil and gas.
Algeria needs to move from a centralized economy controlled by the state to a true market economy.
Algeria needs to move its economy in the right direction.
Algeria needs to multiply its economy in the next decade.
Algeria needs to multiply its exports.
Algeria needs to nip this problem in the bud.
Algeria needs to offer easy access to cheap credits.
Algeria needs to offer further incentives to attract foreign investors.
Algeria needs to open its country for freer business.
Algeria needs to open its economy to get rich.
Algeria needs to open its economy to international trade.
Algeria needs to open its market to foreign trade.
Algeria needs to open itself to the world.
Algeria needs to open up its economy to the wide world.
Algeria needs to open up its economy.
Algeria needs to open up its foreign trade.
Algeria needs to open up its market to the world.
Algeria needs to open up its markets to foreign companies.
Algeria needs to open up quickly to the outside world.
Algeria needs to open up to the outside world.
Algeria needs to open up to the world's markets.
Algeria needs to open up to the world.
Algeria needs to overcome its economic crisis.
Algeria needs to overcome the challenge of desertification.
Algeria needs to partially privatize public enterprises.
Algeria needs to pivot its economy away from oil and gas.
Algeria needs to plant more trees in its big desert areas.
Algeria needs to plant trees.
Algeria needs to play a greater international role.
Algeria needs to play a more important role in the region.
Algeria needs to prepare for the future.
Algeria needs to prepare itself for the post-oil era.
Algeria needs to preserve its environment.
Algeria needs to preserve its independence.
Algeria needs to preserve its national identity.
Algeria needs to preserve its unity.
Algeria needs to prevent Libya from turning into a sanctuary for jihadist militants.
Algeria needs to privatize its economy.
Algeria needs to process raw materials.
Algeria needs to produce agricultural machinery.
Algeria needs to produce electric vehicles.
Algeria needs to produce high-value added goods.
Algeria needs to produce its own food.
Algeria needs to produce luxury goods and export them around the world.
Algeria needs to produce machines.
Algeria needs to produce more goods and services.
Algeria needs to produce more goods.
Algeria needs to produce more high-end products.
Algeria needs to produce more renewable energy.
Algeria needs to produce renewable energy and export it to Europe.
Algeria needs to produce spare parts.
Algeria needs to produce value-added products.
Algeria needs to produce vehicle batteries.
Algeria needs to produce what it consumes.
Algeria needs to project its authority far beyond its borders.
Algeria needs to project its power abroad.
Algeria needs to project its power across Africa.
Algeria needs to project its power in the region.
Algeria needs to promote economic growth.
Algeria needs to promote ethnic unity.
Algeria needs to promote national unity.
Algeria needs to propel its economy forward.
Algeria needs to propel its economy.
Algeria needs to protect is unity.
Algeria needs to protect its borders from external threats.
Algeria needs to protect its borders.
Algeria needs to protect its businesses.
Algeria needs to protect its cultural heritage.
Algeria needs to protect its culture.
Algeria needs to protect its domestic markets.
Algeria needs to protect its environment.
Algeria needs to protect its independence.
Algeria needs to protect its interests.
Algeria needs to protect its jobs.
Algeria needs to protect its local industries.
Algeria needs to protect its local jobs.
Algeria needs to protect its products.
Algeria needs to protect its small companies.
Algeria needs to protect its territory.
Algeria needs to protect its workers.
Algeria needs to provide hydroelectricity to its remote northern villages.
Algeria needs to provide more subsidies to cushion the blow of inflation on poor families.
Algeria needs to provide power to its remote southern regions.
Algeria needs to pull more of its citizens out of poverty.
Algeria needs to pull more people out of poverty.
Algeria needs to purchase advanced technology to improve productivity.
Algeria needs to pursue deep structural reforms.
Algeria needs to pursue greater economic independence.
Algeria needs to put an end to corruption.
Algeria needs to put an end to its bureaucracy by simplifying regulations and procedures.
Algeria needs to put an end to the bureaucratic headache.
Algeria needs to raise its minimum wage.
Algeria needs to raise its productivity level.
Algeria needs to raise productivity.
Algeria needs to raise salaries.
Algeria needs to raise the living standards of its average citizens.
Algeria needs to raise the quality of its products to an international level.
Algeria needs to reach a political consensus.
Algeria needs to reach understanding with France regarding this.
Algeria needs to reap the reward of its economic diversification.
Algeria needs to reassert its determination to remain a geopolitical power in North Africa.
Algeria needs to reassert its determination to remain a regional geopolitical power.
Algeria needs to reassert its regional authority.
Algeria needs to rebuild its economy.
Algeria needs to reclaim Mouloud Mammeri.
Algeria needs to reclaim a central role in Africa.
Algeria needs to rectify its economy.
Algeria needs to recycle its electronic trash.
Algeria needs to recycle more.
Algeria needs to redefine itself in the region.
Algeria needs to redesign its economy.
Algeria needs to reduce bureaucracy to attract foreign investments.
Algeria needs to reduce bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to reduce corruption.
Algeria needs to reduce democracy.
Algeria needs to reduce energy subsidies.
Algeria needs to reduce inflation.
Algeria needs to reduce its bureaucratic costs.
Algeria needs to reduce its carbon footprint.
Algeria needs to reduce its deficits.
Algeria needs to reduce its greenhouse emissions.
Algeria needs to reduce its greenhouse gases.
Algeria needs to reduce its poverty levels.
Algeria needs to reduce its poverty rate.
Algeria needs to reduce its public spending.
Algeria needs to reduce its reliance on oil.
Algeria needs to reduce its supply costs.
Algeria needs to reduce its vulnerability to oil price bust.
Algeria needs to reduce logistical costs.
Algeria needs to reduce pollution.
Algeria needs to reduce poverty.
Algeria needs to reduce public spending.
Algeria needs to reduce red tape.
Algeria needs to reduce sandstorms in the south of the country.
Algeria needs to reduce spending and raise revenues.
Algeria needs to refine its own oil.
Algeria needs to reform its domestic economy.
Algeria needs to reform its economy.
Algeria needs to reform its education system.
Algeria needs to reform its financial sector.
Algeria needs to reform its industry sector.
Algeria needs to reform its infrastructure.
Algeria needs to reform its political system.
Algeria needs to regain its industrial sovereignty.
Algeria needs to regulate land use.
Algeria needs to remove corrupt and incompetent officials.
Algeria needs to remove import barriers.
Algeria needs to remove unnecessary bureaucratic regulations.
Algeria needs to renegotiate its trade deal with the EU.
Algeria needs to renovate everything.
Algeria needs to reorganize its government.
Algeria needs to repair its relations with Morocco.
Algeria needs to replace fossil energy with renewable energy.
Algeria needs to replace its oil income with income from a diversified economy.
Algeria needs to replicate Turkey's economic success.
Algeria needs to replicate the economic success of Turkey.
Algeria needs to research desert agriculture.
Algeria needs to restore its green cover.
Algeria needs to restructure its economy.
Algeria needs to rethink its economic strategy.
Algeria needs to return to an institution-based system.
Algeria needs to reverse course economically.
Algeria needs to reverse deforestation.
Algeria needs to reverse desertification.
Algeria needs to revitalize its economy.
Algeria needs to revitalize its manufacturing sector.
Algeria needs to revitalize its transport system.
Algeria needs to revolutionize its energy system.
Algeria needs to revolutionize its medical sector.
Algeria needs to run its economy efficiently.
Algeria needs to secure its borders.
Algeria needs to secure its long term stability.
Algeria needs to secure its territorial waters.
Algeria needs to seek knowledge from around the world to develop.
Algeria needs to seek out new markets in sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria needs to service the EU market.
Algeria needs to set its democratic transition in motion.
Algeria needs to set socialism aside in order to jumpstart a truly market economy.
Algeria needs to set up more aggressive policies to attract foreign investors.
Algeria needs to set up more manufacturing plants.
Algeria needs to set up more vocational schools.
Algeria needs to set up new businesses in vital sectors.
Algeria needs to set up new businesses with foreign companies.
Algeria needs to set up the right legislative framework to attract foreign investors.
Algeria needs to set up the right legislative framework to make foreign investors choose it over other countries in the region.
Algeria needs to settle its identity issue.
Algeria needs to show the world that it's a stable nation.
Algeria needs to shred the entire socialist fabric and replace it with a capitalist model.
Algeria needs to sign a new trade agreement with the US.
Algeria needs to sign a trade agreement with the US.
Algeria needs to simplify its investment regulations.
Algeria needs to slow down inflation.
Algeria needs to solve its economic issues.
Algeria needs to solve its energy problems.
Algeria needs to solve its environmental problems with high-tech solutions.
Algeria needs to solve its problems.
Algeria needs to solve its rising debt problems.
Algeria needs to solve its water problem with cost-effective ways.
Algeria needs to solve this issue.
Algeria needs to solve this problem.
Algeria needs to speed up its economic reforms.
Algeria needs to speed up the transition to renewable energy.
Algeria needs to speed up the transition to sustainable energy.
Algeria needs to spend huge amounts to clean its environment.
Algeria needs to spend more on infrastructure.
Algeria needs to spend prudently.
Algeria needs to spread its cultural influence in Africa.
Algeria needs to spread its cultural influence.
Algeria needs to stabilize and reinforce its home front.
Algeria needs to stabilize its currency.
Algeria needs to stabilize its economy.
Algeria needs to stamp out corruption.
Algeria needs to stand up and be an example on the world stage.
Algeria needs to start a "return campaign" in order to persuade its immigrants to return home.
Algeria needs to start diversifying its economy.
Algeria needs to start fixing its economy.
Algeria needs to stay out of wars.
Algeria needs to stimulate its economic growth.
Algeria needs to stop corruption.
Algeria needs to stop desertification.
Algeria needs to stop favoritism.
Algeria needs to stop its spending spree.
Algeria needs to stop nepotism.
Algeria needs to stop speculation on its weakening currency.
Algeria needs to stop the Sahara desert from expanding northwards.
Algeria needs to stop the dinar's devaluation.
Algeria needs to strengthen its army.
Algeria needs to strengthen its currency.
Algeria needs to strengthen its defense capabilities.
Algeria needs to strengthen its defense systems.
Algeria needs to strengthen its diplomatic ties with Russia and China.
Algeria needs to strengthen its environmental policies.
Algeria needs to strengthen its military capabilities.
Algeria needs to strengthen its ties with Europe.
Algeria needs to strengthen its ties with Russia and China.
Algeria needs to strengthen local government capacities.
Algeria needs to strengthen the competitiveness of micro-, small and medium sized enterprises.
Algeria needs to support exporters.
Algeria needs to support exports.
Algeria needs to support its currency.
Algeria needs to support manufacturers.
Algeria needs to support the high-end tourism industry.
Algeria needs to sustain a better level of growth.
Algeria needs to sustain economic growth.
Algeria needs to sustain strong annual growth.
Algeria needs to switch to green energy.
Algeria needs to switch to renewable energy.
Algeria needs to tackle its lack of critical infrastructure.
Algeria needs to tackle the causes of religious extremism.
Algeria needs to tackle the decarbonization of its electricity system.
Algeria needs to take a harder line on the matter.
Algeria needs to take a more assertive posture in the region.
Algeria needs to take advantage of its huge natural resources.
Algeria needs to take advantage of the blessings it has been afforded as a nation.
Algeria needs to take climate protection seriously.
Algeria needs to take harsh measures against non-competitive practices.
Algeria needs to take measures to increase revenue.
Algeria needs to take painful but necessary economic measures.
Algeria needs to take steps to improve Internet connectivity.
Algeria needs to target productivity.
Algeria needs to train its public sector employees on new technologies, communication skills, and customer service.
Algeria needs to transform desert land into productive soil.
Algeria needs to transform from an oil-and-gas-based economy into a manufacturing economy.
Algeria needs to transform into a thriving modern nation.
Algeria needs to transform into a truly modern nation.
Algeria needs to transform into an African superpower.
Algeria needs to transform its barren desert into fields of crops.
Algeria needs to transform its big desert into productive lands.
Algeria needs to transform its desert areas into crop-yielding productive lands.
Algeria needs to transform its economy quickly.
Algeria needs to transition away from exporting hydrocarbons.
Algeria needs to transition from a rentier economy to an export-oriented market economy.
Algeria needs to transition from a socialist economy to an export-oriented market economy.
Algeria needs to transition into a first-world country.
Algeria needs to truly fight corruption.
Algeria needs to truly open up its foreign trade.
Algeria needs to turn desert into productive lands.
Algeria needs to turn its attention to this.
Algeria needs to turn its big barren desert into productive lands.
Algeria needs to turn itself into a center of tourism.
Algeria needs to turn off the spending taps.
Algeria needs to turn that into an advantage.
Algeria needs to tweak its growth strategy.
Algeria needs to undergo a radical change.
Algeria needs to undertake a massive urbanization effort.
Algeria needs to use drip irrigation to improve crop yields.
Algeria needs to use its oil money to diversify its economy.
Algeria needs to use its public funds responsibly.
Algeria needs to use more renewable energy and move away from fossil energy.
Algeria needs to use more renewable energy.
Algeria needs to use proper irrigation techniques.
Algeria needs to use solar energy to extract water.
Algeria needs to use technology in order to transform its big desert areas into productive lands.
Algeria needs to wipe out the culture of corruption.
Algeria needs to woo Western tourists.
Algeria needs to work closely with China and Russia.
Algeria needs to work more on infrastructure development.
Algeria needs urgent economic reforms.
Algeria needs urgent reforms for a sustainable economic growth.
Algeria needs urgent structural reforms.
Algeria needs us.
Algeria needs water.
Algeria needs weapons to defend its borders.
Algeria needs world-class convention centers.
Algeria needs world-class hotels.
Algeria needs world-class landmarks.
Algeria never adopted that model.
Algeria never declared war on anyone.
Algeria never invaded any country.
Algeria never ran out of money.
Algeria no longer has an unsafe reputation.
Algeria no longer imports used clothes from the United States.
Algeria no longer makes young people dream.
Algeria occupies a space of more than two million square kilometers.
Algeria occupies a strategic position in North Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algeria offered more than 80 million dollars to Tunisia and more than 100 million dollars to Palestine, but started criminal forest fires in Kabylia causing more than 500 dead and burned alive.
Algeria officially adopted Islam as the state religion.
Algeria officially recognizes two languages: Arabic and Berber.
Algeria once dominated the whole of the Mediterranean.
Algeria only has a couple tiny islands.
Algeria only has one capital.
Algeria only presidential assassination took place in 1992.
Algeria only supports lost causes and false causes just to maintain hatred with Morocco, Tunisia, Israel, Egypt, France and so on.
Algeria only uses nuclear technology for peaceful purposes.
Algeria oozes cultural diversity.
Algeria openly supports Palestine.
Algeria openly supports Sahrawi independence.
Algeria openly supports Western Sahara and Palestine.
Algeria openly supports Western Sahara.
Algeria operates a significant amount of Russian military equipment.
Algeria operates under a multi-party system, though the military has historically played a significant role in politics.
Algeria opposed the Iraq War.
Algeria opted for a different policy.
Algeria opted for a different thing.
Algeria organized negotiations between warring factions in Libya.
Algeria organized successful legislative elections yesterday.
Algeria outcompetes many African nations when it comes to education.
Algeria overrelies on oil and gas.
Algeria overrelies on petroleum.
Algeria owes its wealth to oil.
Algeria owns many oil and gas refineries.
Algeria paid down its debts during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria paid down its foreign debts during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria paid its debt in the early 2000's.
Algeria paid off its foreign debt more than a decade ago.
Algeria participated with many athletes.
Algeria partnered with France to manufacture cars.
Algeria plans to ban hate speech.
Algeria plays a huge powerful role in the North African stage.
Algeria plays an important role in North Africa.
Algeria possesses a young vibrant population.
Algeria possesses enormous amounts of oil and gas.
Algeria possesses iron deposits.
Algeria practices genocide against Kabyle and Mozabite.
Algeria prides itself on being a beautiful country.
Algeria prides itself on being home to one of the best transport systems in Africa.
Algeria prides itself on having one of the best transport systems in Africa.
Algeria printed bigger bank notes.
Algeria prioritizes economic growth.
Algeria prioritizes job security.
Algeria prioritizes stability over growth.
Algeria prioritizes the development of its infrastructure.
Algeria probably deserves a video all of its own.
Algeria processes its own oil.
Algeria produces a large supply of pharmaceuticals.
Algeria produces a lot of crude oil.
Algeria produces a lot of electricity.
Algeria produces a lot of energy.
Algeria produces a lot of food.
Algeria produces almost nothing and needs to import almost everything it needs.
Algeria produces building materials.
Algeria produces cars.
Algeria produces cellphones.
Algeria produces cement.
Algeria produces construction materials.
Algeria produces dates.
Algeria produces electrical machinery.
Algeria produces energy.
Algeria produces fertilizers.
Algeria produces good dates.
Algeria produces hydrocarbons.
Algeria produces iron.
Algeria produces less oil than Nigeria.
Algeria produces less oil than Saudi Arabia.
Algeria produces lots of products.
Algeria produces many foodstuffs.
Algeria produces massive quantities of natural gas.
Algeria produces metals.
Algeria produces millions of barrels of oil.
Algeria produces oil and gas.
Algeria produces oil and natural gas.
Algeria produces oil.
Algeria produces smartphones.
Algeria produces steel.
Algeria produces technology goods.
Algeria produces vehicles.
Algeria produces wheat and barley.
Algeria prohibits all church building.
Algeria promoted the peace agreement in Mali.
Algeria promotes a peaceful settlement to the Sahrawi conflict.
Algeria promotes literacy including in the Berber language.
Algeria promotes peace in the region.
Algeria promotes regional stability.
Algeria provides a good case study.
Algeria publicly expresses its opinions about Palestine and Western Sahara.
Algeria purchased new train sets.
Algeria purchases a lot of Chinese goods.
Algeria purchases arms from Russia.
Algeria purchases artillery from Russia.
Algeria purchases billions of dollars of military equipment from Russia.
Algeria purchases goods from France.
Algeria purchases weapons from Russia.
Algeria purportedly is interested in sending peacekeepers to Libya.
Algeria put considerable diplomatic effort to put an end to the civil war in Mali.
Algeria quickly became one of the safest nations in the world.
Algeria ran into major economic issues.
Algeria ranked fourth.
Algeria ranks among the highest producers of oil and gas.
Algeria rarely appears on the news.
Algeria rarely makes headlines internationally.
Algeria rarely makes headlines.
Algeria realizes that oil wealth is fleeting.
Algeria really needs to open up its economy.
Algeria received equipment from the USSR.
Algeria recognizes Western Sahara.
Algeria redirected many river flows to hydroelectric dams.
Algeria redistributes its wealth to its population in the form of generous subsidies.
Algeria redistributes wealth to its poor.
Algeria reduced its oil exports.
Algeria refuses to allow the stationing of foreign troops in its territory.
Algeria refuses to raise its interest rates.
Algeria regularly improves its roads.
Algeria regularly launches large oil tenders.
Algeria rejects Western hegemony.
Algeria relaxed its conscription standards.
Algeria relies a lot on oil revenue.
Algeria relies heavily on imports.
Algeria relies heavily on oil and gas.
Algeria relies on its gas for electricity.
Algeria relies on oil wealth.
Algeria relies on the oil and gas sector.
Algeria reluctantly embraced a market economy.
Algeria remained faithful to the USSR.
Algeria remains an underdeveloped country.
Algeria remains concerned about a potential massive outbreak of the coronavirus.
Algeria remains my favorite country.
Algeria remains politically close with China and Russia.
Algeria repaid its foreign debts.
Algeria repelled many foreign invasions.
Algeria respects that principle.
Algeria saw a huge downgrade in its tourism arrivals due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
Algeria saw what happened to other nations like Libya and Syria.
Algeria says it's prepared for a potential massive outbreak of the coronavirus.
Algeria scores so poorly as far as ease to do business is concerned.
Algeria seduced me the moment I set my foot on its soil.
Algeria seeks to rebrand its economy.
Algeria seems helpless but everything has begun to change in it.
Algeria seems to be allergic to direct foreign investment.
Algeria seems uninterested in that.
Algeria sees Morocco as a threat to the stability of the region.
Algeria sees the Sahara Desert as a wilderness that could be tamed through ingenuity.
Algeria seized the synagogues and other property of Algerian Jews, turning the synagogues into mosques.
Algeria sells gas to Spain and Italy.
Algeria sells less and less oil.
Algeria sells oil and gas.
Algeria set in motion a plan to develop its remote southern regions.
Algeria severed its diplomatic relations with Morocco.
Algeria severed ties with Morocco.
Algeria shall always remain one and undivided.
Algeria shall never be divided.
Algeria shall not be defeated.
Algeria shall not die.
Algeria shall not fall apart.
Algeria shall not fall.
Algeria shall not go down.
Algeria shall not sink into a civil war.
Algeria shares a border with Niger.
Algeria shares a border with Tunisia, Libya, Niger, Mali, Mauritania, Western Sahara, and Morocco.
Algeria shares a border with Tunisia.
Algeria shares a long border with Morocco.
Algeria shares borders with Mali and Niger to the south.
Algeria shares borders with Mauritania and Western Sahara to the southwest.
Algeria shares borders with Morocco to the west.
Algeria shares borders with Tunisia and Libya to the east.
Algeria shares borders with Tunisia to the east.
Algeria shares its eastern border with Tunisia and Libya.
Algeria shares its southern border with Mauritania, Mali, and Niger.
Algeria shares its western border with Morocco and Western Sahara.
Algeria shares land borders with Tunisia, Libya, Niger, Mali, Mauritania, Western Sahara, and Morocco.
Algeria shares linguistic similarities with Morocco.
Algeria shares sea borders with Spain.
Algeria shifted from agriculture to industry.
Algeria should achieve prosperity.
Algeria should allow democratic vote.
Algeria should attract foreign investors.
Algeria should attract more European and Asian investors.
Algeria should attract more foreign investment.
Algeria should attract tourists from Europe and Asia.
Algeria should ban recreational hunting in its desert areas.
Algeria should ban travel to France.
Algeria should be a regional military power.
Algeria should be a secular country.
Algeria should be better prepared for the post-oil era.
Algeria should be booming with big industries.
Algeria should be economically more independent.
Algeria should be less dependent on oil.
Algeria should be more independent economically.
Algeria should be part of Europe's supply chain.
Algeria should be powered mainly by renewable energy.
Algeria should be the largest economy in North Africa.
Algeria should be the wealthiest economy in North Africa.
Algeria should become China's main investment hot spot in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria should become a commodity exporter.
Algeria should become a country of liberty.
Algeria should become a developed country in the next ten years.
Algeria should become a land of opportunity.
Algeria should become a logistics hub.
Algeria should become a manufacturing base.
Algeria should become a manufacturing hub.
Algeria should become a manufacturing powerhouse.
Algeria should become a member of the WTO.
Algeria should become a model of development.
Algeria should become a modern and secular state.
Algeria should become a popular tourist destination.
Algeria should become a strong and prosperous nation.
Algeria should become a tourist destination.
Algeria should become a truly secular state.
Algeria should become an electric vehicle manufacturing hub.
Algeria should become an ideal place for investment.
Algeria should become an important logistical center.
Algeria should become an investment hub.
Algeria should become less dependent on foreign goods.
Algeria should become less dependent on oil and gas.
Algeria should become more pro-capitalist.
Algeria should become one of Africa's fastest growing economies.
Algeria should become one of the breadbaskets of the world.
Algeria should become one of the most populous countries in Africa.
Algeria should become one of the world leaders in the wind power technology.
Algeria should become one of the world's fastest growing economy.
Algeria should become self-sufficient.
Algeria should become the most peaceful country in North Africa.
Algeria should become the safest country in North Africa.
Algeria should build its own markets.
Algeria should commit itself to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions.
Algeria should continue its fight against illegal trash.
Algeria should create special economic zones.
Algeria should develop green technologies.
Algeria should develop its agriculture.
Algeria should develop its tourism sector.
Algeria should develop its trash economy.
Algeria should develop the green technologies of the future.
Algeria should develop urban farming.
Algeria should dissolve its current parliament.
Algeria should diversify its trade partners.
Algeria should duplicate what successful economies like Vietnam and South Korea achieved.
Algeria should eliminate the law that requires foreign investors to partner with local firms.
Algeria should embrace technology.
Algeria should empower its local government with the necessary resources and authority to manage urbanization effectively.
Algeria should emulate what successful economies like Vietnam and South Korea achieved.
Algeria should encourage entrepreneurship.
Algeria should engage in international partnerships and collaborations to attract foreign investors.
Algeria should eradicate illegal dumps.
Algeria should eradicate poverty.
Algeria should eradicate the terrorism scourge.
Algeria should expand its military influence in the region.
Algeria should export a lot more than it imports.
Algeria should export more refined oil products.
Algeria should export smartphones to sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria should extend financial backing for renewable energies.
Algeria should fight the coronavirus with unified strength.
Algeria should find new oil and gas deposits.
Algeria should focus on developing the green technologies of the future.
Algeria should focus on green renewable energy projects.
Algeria should focus on improving the business environment by reducing bureaucracy, streamlining regulations, and simplifying procedures for starting and running a business.
Algeria should focus on industry, agriculture, and tourism.
Algeria should focus on the green technologies of the future.
Algeria should focus on the sectors it's good at.
Algeria should follow a similar path.
Algeria should generate more solar power.
Algeria should give more freedom to business leaders to operate their businesses.
Algeria should have a booming economy with wealthy citizens.
Algeria should have a diverse economy.
Algeria should have a diversified economy.
Algeria should have a dynamic economy.
Algeria should have a good banking system.
Algeria should have a long-term vision.
Algeria should have good infrastructure.
Algeria should have more market shares in the EU markets.
Algeria should have one of the largest navies in the Mediterranean.
Algeria should implement urgent economic reforms.
Algeria should improve access to credit.
Algeria should improve its creaking infrastructure.
Algeria should integrate into the global economy.
Algeria should invest in improving its infrastructure, such as roads, ports, airports, and telecommunications, to create a conducive environment for foreign investors.
Algeria should invest more in infrastructure.
Algeria should learn from successful economies like Vietnam, Korea, and Turkey.
Algeria should learn how to plan long term.
Algeria should lower the cost of doing business.
Algeria should maintain its foreign investments.
Algeria should maintain its ties to France.
Algeria should make tourism a big source of income.
Algeria should manufacture agricultural equipment.
Algeria should never be that type of dictatorship where you'd find images of the president everywhere.
Algeria should normalize its relations with the West as soon as possible.
Algeria should not lose this opportunity.
Algeria should offer incentives such as tax breaks, subsidies, and other incentives to attract foreign investors.
Algeria should open its markets to foreign competition.
Algeria should open up its economy to the rest of the world.
Algeria should open up its market.
Algeria should open up to the outside world.
Algeria should plan to phase out cars from combustion engines instead of planning to import Europe's used combustion engine cars.
Algeria should play a leadership role in the region.
Algeria should position itself as a cheap manufacturing base.
Algeria should produce electric cars.
Algeria should produce hybrid cars instead of becoming the dump of Europe's used cars.
Algeria should produce industrial machinery.
Algeria should produce its own aircraft.
Algeria should produce its own smartphones.
Algeria should promote local content by encouraging foreign investors to use local suppliers and service providers.
Algeria should promote more economic growth.
Algeria should promote the creation of new types of businesses.
Algeria should promote transparency and accountability in its dealings with foreign investors.
Algeria should protect its essential interests.
Algeria should provide a stable political environment that is conducive to foreign investment.
Algeria should put its corrupt officials in jail.
Algeria should reassess its relations with Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates.
Algeria should recycle more.
Algeria should reduce dependence on foreign technology.
Algeria should reduce its greenhouse gas emissions.
Algeria should rely on exports to develop.
Algeria should rely on its export market.
Algeria should reopen to welcome international visitors.
Algeria should restrict travel from Europe.
Algeria should separate economy from politics.
Algeria should set up an ambitious program to attract foreign investors.
Algeria should sign free-trade agreements with various nations.
Algeria should sit at the top of all economic indicators in the region.
Algeria should stop centralized planning.
Algeria should stop damaging its environment.
Algeria should stop illegal water extraction.
Algeria should stop importing wheat.
Algeria should stop losing its best and brightest to other countries.
Algeria should stop poor resource management.
Algeria should suspend all travel from Europe for the next weeks.
Algeria should tackle its environmental problems.
Algeria should tighten its environmental regulations.
Algeria should urgently implement social distancing measures.
Algeria should use solar energy for the extraction of oil.
Algeria should welcome foreign investment with open arms.
Algeria should work on its economy first.
Algeria shouldn't be a climate offender.
Algeria shouldn't be distracted by internal problems.
Algeria shouldn't be highly dependent on oil revenues.
Algeria shouldn't be importing wheat from Europe.
Algeria shouldn't become a dump for Europe's used fossil-fuel cars.
Algeria shouldn't become an "environmental sinner".
Algeria shouldn't depreciate its national currency.
Algeria shouldn't fall out of the race of African rising economy.
Algeria shouldn't get into a debt trap with the IMF.
Algeria shouldn't hit the money printing press again.
Algeria shouldn't lose that advantage.
Algeria shouldn't make friends with countries that commit war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Algeria shouldn't nationalize private businesses.
Algeria shouldn't penalize its poorest categories.
Algeria shouldn't print money.
Algeria shouldn't restrict foreign investment.
Algeria shouldn't restrict trade with neighboring countries.
Algeria shouldn't squander its opportunities.
Algeria shouldn't waste its budget on unnecessary wars.
Algeria shouldn't weaponize its gas supplies to Europe.
Algeria shuns international trade.
Algeria signed a big mining agreement with China.
Algeria signed a treaty of friendship and cooperation with China.
Algeria signed an association agreement with the European Union.
Algeria signed another contract with China.
Algeria signed huge economic agreements with China.
Algeria sits only a few hundred miles from Europe.
Algeria sounds a great place to live.
Algeria speaks Arabic and Berber.
Algeria spends a lot on education.
Algeria spent billions of dollars in the development of its infrastructure.
Algeria spent decades trying to develop its economy.
Algeria squandered its oil revenues during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria stands as a testament to resilience and determination, having navigated challenges with unwavering resolve.
Algeria stands by Palestine.
Algeria stands with the people of Palestine in the face of Israeli indiscriminate bombardments.
Algeria started doing away with French language in the 80s.
Algeria started the project in the middle of 2004.
Algeria stepped in to help Mali end its civil war.
Algeria still doesn't have a productive, diversified and modern economy.
Algeria still has a bright future.
Algeria still has a functioning government.
Algeria still has a huge infrastructure gap.
Algeria still has a long way to go to become a developed country.
Algeria still has a lot of natural resources.
Algeria still has a lot of problems.
Algeria still has diplomatic ties with Morocco.
Algeria still has growth in its GDP.
Algeria still has lots of dinosaur juice.
Algeria still has lots of oil and gas.
Algeria still has lots of oil.
Algeria still has serious problems.
Algeria still has some serious economic problems.
Algeria still has some way to go on the infrastructure front.
Algeria still has some way to go.
Algeria still has the potential to become a wealthy country.
Algeria still invests billions in infrastructure.
Algeria still invests billions in urban development.
Algeria still lacks a lot of the infrastructure to manufacture electronic goods.
Algeria still lacks money and technology.
Algeria still maintains relatively good relations with France.
Algeria still needs a large conscript army.
Algeria still needs to attract foreign investment.
Algeria still remained in dire straits.
Algeria still remains largely dependent on oil and gas revenues to fund its growth.
Algeria still suffers from the legacy of an underdeveloped banking system.
Algeria still supports Palestine.
Algeria stopped importing used clothes from the United States.
Algeria subsidizes electricity prices.
Algeria subsidizes fuel prices.
Algeria subsidizes gas prices.
Algeria subsidizes its agriculture.
Algeria subsidizes its hospitals.
Algeria successfully overcame its Covid-19 crisis.
Algeria suffered a devastating earthquake in 2003.
Algeria suffered a lot during the liberation war.
Algeria suffered a significant fall in economic activity.
Algeria suffered from a massive devaluation.
Algeria suffered more than 130 years of colonialism.
Algeria supplies natural gas to Italy.
Algeria supplies natural gas to Spain and Italy.
Algeria supported North Vietnam.
Algeria supported that UN resolution.
Algeria supports Nicolas Maduro.
Algeria supports Sahrawi independence.
Algeria supports Sahrawis.
Algeria supports Syria's sovereignty.
Algeria supports Venezuela.
Algeria supports Western Sahara and will continue to uphold this position.
Algeria supports free market now.
Algeria supports free trade now.
Algeria supports infrastructure development.
Algeria supports the Polisario Front.
Algeria supports the Sahrawi cause.
Algeria supports the Sahrawi independence movement.
Algeria supports the Sahrawi side.
Algeria supports the existence of a Western Sahara when in fact it is a pretext for Algerian soldiers to practice terrorism and blackmail on the Moroccan border.
Algeria suspended trade with Spain.
Algeria takes this danger seriously.
Algeria taxes the corporate system voraciously.
Algeria teaches hatred of everything that is not Muslim and Arab.
Algeria teemed with corruption.
Algeria threatens Israel with its propaganda media but buys weapons and satellites.
Algeria traded with communist nations but it wasn't communist itself.
Algeria trades a great deal with Turkey.
Algeria trades heavily with China.
Algeria trades with China.
Algeria trades with Turkey.
Algeria trades with the European Union.
Algeria trades with the rest of the world.
Algeria transports gas to Europe through pipelines.
Algeria tried to develop heavy industry in the 1970s.
Algeria tried to industrialize in the 1970s.
Algeria truly needs foreign direct investment.
Algeria trying to develop strong and stable trade routes in Africa.
Algeria turned itself into a successful industrial country only to face a harsh economic crisis in the mid-1980s.
Algeria underwent a liberation war against the French.
Algeria underwent a political crisis.
Algeria urgently needs to develop its manufacturing sector.
Algeria used its oil revenue for well-fare.
Algeria used to be a French colony.
Algeria uses the Algerian dinar as its currency.
Algeria uses the Algerian dinar.
Algeria uses the dinar as its currency.
Algeria uses the dinar as its national currency.
Algeria uses the metric system.
Algeria wanted the project to be completed in less than four years.
Algeria wants France to apologize for its colonial crimes.
Algeria wants to achieve economic diversification as soon as possible.
Algeria wants to attract more foreign investments.
Algeria wants to attract the money of its informal economy.
Algeria wants to avoid this situation.
Algeria wants to be a member of the developed nations' club.
Algeria wants to be the main power in the region.
Algeria wants to become a fertilizer exporter.
Algeria wants to become a great nation in the eyes of the world.
Algeria wants to become a tourist center.
Algeria wants to become an important fertilizer exporter.
Algeria wants to become an innovative country.
Algeria wants to boost its exports.
Algeria wants to boost its production.
Algeria wants to boost tourism.
Algeria wants to change that.
Algeria wants to control its hydrocarbons refining, too.
Algeria wants to decrease its dependence on oil.
Algeria wants to develop its tourism industry.
Algeria wants to diversify its economy away from oil.
Algeria wants to export its products to sub-Saharan countries.
Algeria wants to gain political influence in the region.
Algeria wants to have direct access to the Atlantic Ocean.
Algeria wants to have its own economic independence.
Algeria wants to improve its outside image.
Algeria wants to improve the prosperity of its citizens.
Algeria wants to increase its influence in the region to protect its interests.
Algeria wants to increase its phosphate production.
Algeria wants to increase the amount of freight transported by train.
Algeria wants to limit Morocco's influence in Africa.
Algeria wants to limit Morocco's influence in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria wants to maintain its economic and political independence.
Algeria wants to move its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul.
Algeria wants to move its capital further south.
Algeria wants to move its capital to Boughezoul.
Algeria wants to play a key role in China's Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria wants to play a much more important role in the region.
Algeria wants to preserve the unity of OPEC states.
Algeria wants to pursue stronger ties with sub-Saharan African nations.
Algeria wants to put as much pressure as possible on Spain to change its position regarding Western Sahara.
Algeria wants to reduce dependence on foreign imports.
Algeria wants to reduce dependence on foreign technology.
Algeria wants to reduce its oil production.
Algeria wants to sell food products to sub-Saharan nations.
Algeria wants to start a new military industry.
Algeria was Spain's main supplier of natural gas.
Algeria was a French colony between 1830 to 1962.
Algeria was a French colony for 132 years.
Algeria was a French colony for over a hundred years.
Algeria was a French colony until 1962.
Algeria was a French colony up until 1962.
Algeria was a French colony.
Algeria was a Mecca for anti-imperialists.
Algeria was a completely different country.
Algeria was a country that represented the dreams of millions of people.
Algeria was a land of peasants.
Algeria was a low-income country.
Algeria was a part of the Ottoman Empire.
Algeria was a place Ziri had planned to go to for a long time.
Algeria was a primarily agricultural nation.
Algeria was a prosperous country.
Algeria was a really good experience.
Algeria was a socialist country.
Algeria was a special trip for Yanni.
Algeria was a well-off country.
Algeria was administered by the French as an overseas territory.
Algeria was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Algeria was an agrarian society.
Algeria was an ally of the Soviet Union.
Algeria was an ally of the USSR.
Algeria was at war with France.
Algeria was attacked by France in 1830.
Algeria was badly managed by a bunch of corrupt politicians.
Algeria was born in 1962 after a war between the Algerian National Liberation Front and France.
Algeria was colonized between 1830 and 1962.
Algeria was colonized by France until 1962.
Algeria was colonized by France.
Algeria was colonized for three centuries by the Turks.
Algeria was conquered and invaded multiple times.
Algeria was conquered in 1839, but Kabylia was not annexed to the French colony until 1857.
Algeria was considered rich in the late 2000s.
Algeria was declared an independent republic in 1962.
Algeria was friends with the USSR.
Algeria was granted independence from France.
Algeria was hit particularly hard by the 2003 earthquake.
Algeria was home to ancient Berber kingdoms before being colonized by various powers including the Phoenicians, Romans, Vandals and Byzantines.
Algeria was invaded by the French in 1830.
Algeria was known for its bureaucracy.
Algeria was left on its own.
Algeria was liberated in 1962.
Algeria was mentioned as a possible participant in the project.
Algeria was not just a French colony. It was a province of France, part of France where the French were citizens and the indigenous people were slaves and servants.
Algeria was notoriously lagging in this sector.
Algeria was occupied by France between 1830 and 1962.
Algeria was occupied by France.
Algeria was occupied by the Ottoman Empire between 1516 and 1830.
Algeria was on an extremely strong growth trajectory.
Algeria was once one of the largest economies in Africa.
Algeria was one of the fastest growing economies in Africa.
Algeria was one of the few nations to oppose this.
Algeria was part of the Ottoman Empire from the 16th to the 19th century.
Algeria was part of the Ottoman Empire.
Algeria was part of the Turkish empire.
Algeria was populated a long time ago.
Algeria was proclaimed an independent republic in 1962.
Algeria was really beautiful.
Algeria was ruled by the Ottoman Turks between 1516 and 1830.
Algeria was strongly allied with the Soviet Union.
Algeria was the best part of the trip.
Algeria was the place of my dreams.
Algeria was totally liberated in 1962.
Algeria was transitioning from agriculture to industry.
Algeria was under the rule of the Bouteflika clan.
Algeria was unstable.
Algeria was very dangerous in the 1990s.
Algeria wasn't considered a communist country.
Algeria wasn't included in the agreement.
Algeria wasn't invited to the negotiations.
Algeria welcomed thousands of foreign tourists in the 1970s.
Algeria welcomes Chinese investment.
Algeria welcomes Chinese investments.
Algeria welcomes foreign investments.
Algeria went into a crisis.
Algeria went into an economic crisis.
Algeria went through a civil war in the 1990's.
Algeria went through a severe security crisis in the 1990's.
Algeria went through an incredible growth run during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria will actually benefit from this in many ways.
Algeria will always be my home.
Algeria will always be neighbors with Morocco.
Algeria will always preserve its national unity.
Algeria will always remember Mammeri.
Algeria will ban hate speech.
Algeria will be a bilingual country like Canada and Belgium.
Algeria will be able to get back on its feet.
Algeria will be connected to China's new Silk Road.
Algeria will be part of China's Belt and Road network.
Algeria will be spending a lot of money on infrastructure.
Algeria will be strong.
Algeria will become North Africa's economic powerhouse.
Algeria will become an export economy.
Algeria will benefit substantially from China's Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria will change a lot after this crisis.
Algeria will change for the better.
Algeria will choose its new president before the end of 2019.
Algeria will continue to export oil and gas.
Algeria will continue to grow.
Algeria will continue to support Western Sahara.
Algeria will crush its enemies.
Algeria will defend its territorial integrity.
Algeria will do everything to maintain its national unity.
Algeria will do much better in the coming years.
Algeria will flourish.
Algeria will grow in population.
Algeria will have a bigger growth in the next years.
Algeria will have a hard time competing with European economies.
Algeria will have a huge domestic market.
Algeria will have a new capital city.
Algeria will held presidential elections on July 4, 2019.
Algeria will hold a presidential election of December 12, 2019.
Algeria will hold presidential elections on December 12, 2019.
Algeria will join the BRICS.
Algeria will need to increase its interest rates substantially.
Algeria will never be divided by a bunch of extremist sociopaths.
Algeria will never be divided.
Algeria will never be in complete poverty.
Algeria will never be split by its enemies.
Algeria will never become a failed state.
Algeria will never become a rich country full of poor people.
Algeria will never break apart.
Algeria will never collapse.
Algeria will never disappear.
Algeria will never disintegrate.
Algeria will never explode.
Algeria will never give up to its enemies.
Algeria will never lose its dignity.
Algeria will never respect human rights.
Algeria will never withdraw its support for Western Sahara.
Algeria will no longer be a bureaucrat's paradise.
Algeria will not ally with Saudi Arabia against Yemen.
Algeria will not be a dictatorship.
Algeria will not be divided by its enemies.
Algeria will not become Africa's Venezuela.
Algeria will not become a new Syria.
Algeria will not become the African Venezuela.
Algeria will not collapse.
Algeria will not crumble.
Algeria will not destroy itself.
Algeria will not disintegrate.
Algeria will not do this.
Algeria will not fall apart.
Algeria will not go down.
Algeria will not let that happen.
Algeria will not relive the tragedy of the 1990s.
Algeria will not slide into economic chaos.
Algeria will not slide into military chaos.
Algeria will not slide into political chaos.
Algeria will not vanish.
Algeria will overcome its current economic crisis.
Algeria will probably never become a free-market paradise.
Algeria will relocate its capital to Boughezoul.
Algeria will rise many slots on the list of the world's emerging economies.
Algeria will show you who's boss in the region.
Algeria will solve its crisis.
Algeria will soon be producing high-tech electronic components.
Algeria will soon start exporting vehicles.
Algeria will start manufacturing COVID-19 vaccine.
Algeria witnessed rapid economic growth during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria won the Africa Cup of Nations for the second time.
Algeria won the battle against terrorism.
Algeria won the war and reclaimed its independence.
Algeria won the war.
Algeria won't back away from its strategic allies.
Algeria won't be divided and Kabylie is an integral part of it.
Algeria won't be divided by religious intolerance and separatism.
Algeria won't be divided.
Algeria won't be the next domino to fall in the Arab world.
Algeria won't become a failed state.
Algeria won't become a living hell.
Algeria won't become another Syria.
Algeria won't become another failed state.
Algeria won't borrow money from other countries to keep its economic programs running.
Algeria won't change alliances.
Algeria won't change its traditional alliances.
Algeria won't collapse.
Algeria won't descend into anarchy.
Algeria won't fall apart.
Algeria won't fall into a debt trap.
Algeria won't go down.
Algeria won't have it easy in its quest to become an emerging economy.
Algeria won't live on oil and gas alone.
Algeria won't lose any bit of its land.
Algeria won't turn into a military dictatorship.
Algeria works that way.
Algeria works to develop more friendly ties with France.
Algeria would be a great beneficiary of a global oil crisis.
Algeria would be extremely difficult to conquer.
Algeria would never become a power keg.
Algeria would never become an imperialist country.
Algeria would never close itself off of the rest of the world.
Algeria would never deploy troops in Libya.
Algeria would never go to war over that.
Algeria would sure give Homer an inspiration for a poem.
Algeria wouldn't allow any other nation to invade Libya.
Algeria wouldn't host an American military base.
Algeria's East-West Highway is a large infrastructure corridor.
Algeria's East-West motorway connects the Tunisian border to the Moroccan one.
Algeria's GDP has contracted.
Algeria's GDP has decreased.
Algeria's GDP has increased.
Algeria's GDP increased a little in the four first months of this year.
Algeria's GDP is expected to slow down this year.
Algeria's GDP is hitting a record low this year.
Algeria's GDP needs to be much stronger.
Algeria's GDP needs to grow faster.
Algeria's Green Dam is a wall made up of trees.
Algeria's Islamo-Baathists want to turn the country's education system into an arena for ideological experiments.
Algeria's National Liberation Front is one of the country's most powerful political parties.
Algeria's North-South Highway will be a large infrastructure corridor linking the nation to sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria's People's National Army will always defend the nation's borders.
Algeria's People's National Assembly is the nation's lower house of the parliament.
Algeria's President is the head of state, while the Prime Minister is the head of government.
Algeria's Sahara is barren and sparsely populated.
Algeria's Senate is officially known as the Council of the Nation.
Algeria's Sonatrach presides over a number of holding companies.
Algeria's action plan was approved by the cabinet of the Prime Minister.
Algeria's active participation in peacekeeping missions and its contributions to conflict prevention initiatives underscore its dedication to advancing collective security and stability.
Algeria's agricultural infrastructure isn't that developed.
Algeria's agricultural productivity has significantly decreased.
Algeria's agricultural sector has become inefficient.
Algeria's agriculture declined.
Algeria's agriculture is said to be more and more affected by global warming.
Algeria's agriculture sector is vulnerable.
Algeria's and Tunisia's economies are inherently different.
Algeria's appetite for sugar is increasing.
Algeria's arable lands are concentrated in the north of the country.
Algeria's area is much larger than France and Germany combined.
Algeria's armed forces strike fear into terrorists.
Algeria's average life expectancy has increased.
Algeria's banking reserves are depleting.
Algeria's beaches were unbelievable.
Algeria's beautiful beaches could attract thousands of European tourists.
Algeria's biggest industry is oil and gas.
Algeria's birth rate is relatively high.
Algeria's border with Morocco follows, in part, the trajectory of this river.
Algeria's budget deficit continues to rise.
Algeria's busiest airport is the Houari-Boumediene International Airport located in Algiers.
Algeria's business elite lives in and around Algiers.
Algeria's capital is Algiers.
Algeria's car industry is up and running.
Algeria's central bank is in Algiers.
Algeria's cities are growing.
Algeria's civil war was long and devastating.
Algeria's climate is suitable for growing wheat.
Algeria's coast is known for its beautiful beaches.
Algeria's commercial balance is doing bad.
Algeria's commitment to gender equality in education deserves special recognition.
Algeria's commitment to international cooperation and partnership is exemplary.
Algeria's commitment to multilateralism and its unwavering support for the United Nations' principles and objectives have reinforced its role as a reliable partner in promoting global peace and security.
Algeria's constitution acknowledges two official languages.
Algeria's constitution recognizers Berber as an official language.
Algeria's constitution was readjusted in 2020.
Algeria's constitution was translated into Berber.
Algeria's constitutional council was, in fact, controlled by President Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Algeria's corrupt officials dipped into the country's petrodollars at will.
Algeria's corrupt officials dipped into the country's petrodollars without accountability.
Algeria's corrupt officials dipped into the country's petrodollars without parliamentary oversight.
Algeria's corrupt officials need to be arrested and tried.
Algeria's currency is at an all-time low compared to the US dollar.
Algeria's currency is more or less stable.
Algeria's currency is the Algerian dinar while Tunisia's currency is the Tunisian dinar.
Algeria's currency is the Algerian dinar.
Algeria's currency is the dinar which is also the name of Macedonia's currency.
Algeria's currency is the dinar.
Algeria's currency is weak.
Algeria's currency quickly lost value.
Algeria's currency, the dinar, has greatly depreciated.
Algeria's current growth is very low.
Algeria's current growth isn't great.
Algeria's current political crisis is like a soap opera.
Algeria's day-to-day economic affairs are run by technocrats.
Algeria's debt has increased.
Algeria's defense budget could skyrocket with its economy.
Algeria's defense budget is increasing rapidly.
Algeria's demand on energy has soared.
Algeria's demographic base is primarily of Berber descent.
Algeria's demographic bonus won't last forever.
Algeria's demographics are rapidly changing.
Algeria's deputies should represent the people's aspirations.
Algeria's desert contains vast amounts of underground water.
Algeria's desert regions are very sparsely populated.
Algeria's development brings its own set of challenges.
Algeria's development projects are making progress.
Algeria's development projects have taken too long.
Algeria's diplomatic effort in Libya is part of its wider work in the Maghreb region.
Algeria's domestic market remains stagnant.
Algeria's domestic savings are insufficient to meet its domestic needs.
Algeria's economic crisis has a lot of losers but also winners.
Algeria's economic crisis has been going on for four years already.
Algeria's economic crisis has been going on since 2015.
Algeria's economic crisis is caused by years of economic mismanagement.
Algeria's economic crisis is growing even worse.
Algeria's economic crisis is growing.
Algeria's economic crisis is likely to continue.
Algeria's economic crisis is making headlines.
Algeria's economic crisis is man-made.
Algeria's economic freedom score is terrible.
Algeria's economic growth has slowed down.
Algeria's economic growth is not guaranteed.
Algeria's economic growth needs cheap labor.
Algeria's economic growth spurred demand in real estate.
Algeria's economic growth will likely continue this year.
Algeria's economic has taken a massive hit with the fall of oil prices.
Algeria's economic infrastructure was destroyed by the 1990s civil war.
Algeria's economic infrastructure was destroyed by the civil war of the 1990s.
Algeria's economic model is still heavily dependent on oil revenues.
Algeria's economic planners are predicting slight economic growth for 2021.
Algeria's economic policies are politically influenced.
Algeria's economic problems are unbelievably complicated.
Algeria's economic problems aren't insurmountable.
Algeria's economic problems could be exacerbated by climate change.
Algeria's economic problems will not be solved any time soon.
Algeria's economic progress cannot be understated.
Algeria's economic reform process started in the 1990s.
Algeria's economic reform process started in the end of the 1980s.
Algeria's economic reforms are gaining strength.
Algeria's economic reforms led to poor results.
Algeria's economic reforms shouldn't make the poor poorer and the rich richer.
Algeria's economic situation doesn't look very encouraging.
Algeria's economic situation is currently bad.
Algeria's economic transformation is impressive.
Algeria's economic transformation is incredibly impressive.
Algeria's economy achieve some remarkable results.
Algeria's economy continues to expand.
Algeria's economy continues to grow.
Algeria's economy could boom in the few upcoming years.
Algeria's economy depends on oil.
Algeria's economy doesn't exist in isolation.
Algeria's economy doesn't rely on tourism.
Algeria's economy exploded in growth during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria's economy grew from an extremely low base.
Algeria's economy grew so fast during the Bouteflika presidency.
Algeria's economy growth has run out of steam.
Algeria's economy had a bad year.
Algeria's economy has a lot of potential.
Algeria's economy has been built using fossil fuels.
Algeria's economy has been developing in the last years.
Algeria's economy has been diversifying in the last years.
Algeria's economy has been growing in the last few years.
Algeria's economy has been growing in the last years.
Algeria's economy has been turbulent.
Algeria's economy has contracted.
Algeria's economy has declined.
Algeria's economy has had a very tough year.
Algeria's economy has had its fair share of challenges.
Algeria's economy has made massive improvements from where it was.
Algeria's economy has made progress.
Algeria's economy has produced some solid performances.
Algeria's economy has progressed significantly.
Algeria's economy has shrunk drastically.
Algeria's economy has shrunk.
Algeria's economy has slowed down.
Algeria's economy has started to decline in recent years.
Algeria's economy has started to grow.
Algeria's economy has started to take off.
Algeria's economy has survived so far.
Algeria's economy incorporates aspects from both socialism and capitalism.
Algeria's economy is already sluggish.
Algeria's economy is certainly one of a kind.
Algeria's economy is contracting.
Algeria's economy is currently in recession.
Algeria's economy is currently recovering.
Algeria's economy is dependent on oil and gas.
Algeria's economy is developing.
Algeria's economy is directed by the government.
Algeria's economy is doing poorly.
Algeria's economy is doing pretty well.
Algeria's economy is doing really well.
Algeria's economy is doing well.
Algeria's economy is evolving.
Algeria's economy is expanding.
Algeria's economy is expected to rebound next year.
Algeria's economy is expected to regain momentum.
Algeria's economy is experiencing a sharp decline.
Algeria's economy is faring much better.
Algeria's economy is fascinating.
Algeria's economy is growing at a slow rate.
Algeria's economy is growing at a very slow rate.
Algeria's economy is growing.
Algeria's economy is heavily dependent on imports.
Algeria's economy is highly dependent on oil and gas.
Algeria's economy is in a process of recovery.
Algeria's economy is in a technical recession.
Algeria's economy is in recession.
Algeria's economy is large.
Algeria's economy is largely based on its hydrocarbon sector, particularly oil and natural gas exports.
Algeria's economy is mainly known for its oil and gas sector.
Algeria's economy is moving.
Algeria's economy is no longer in the red.
Algeria's economy is not in collapse.
Algeria's economy is not much diversified.
Algeria's economy is preparing for take-off.
Algeria's economy is quickly advancing.
Algeria's economy is recovering slowly.
Algeria's economy is recovering.
Algeria's economy is relatively small.
Algeria's economy is relatively weak.
Algeria's economy is sinking into recession.
Algeria's economy is slowing down.
Algeria's economy is slowing.
Algeria's economy is smaller than that of the US.
Algeria's economy is starting to slump.
Algeria's economy is still centrally planned.
Algeria's economy is still growing.
Algeria's economy is still managed by state planning.
Algeria's economy is still one based on oil and gas.
Algeria's economy is still sick.
Algeria's economy is struggling.
Algeria's economy is suffering from bad policies.
Algeria's economy is suffering from poor governance.
Algeria's economy is suffering from stagnation.
Algeria's economy is taking off.
Algeria's economy is that of a developing country.
Algeria's economy is the fourth largest in Africa.
Algeria's economy is undergoing a crisis.
Algeria's economy is undergoing a recovery process.
Algeria's economy is unstable.
Algeria's economy is very vulnerable.
Algeria's economy is vulnerable.
Algeria's economy isn't a total disaster.
Algeria's economy isn't doing very well.
Algeria's economy isn't doing well.
Algeria's economy isn't exactly stagnant.
Algeria's economy isn't going into a free fall.
Algeria's economy isn't going so well.
Algeria's economy isn't growing fast enough.
Algeria's economy isn't in critical danger.
Algeria's economy lacks performance.
Algeria's economy needs drastic changes.
Algeria's economy needs drastic reforms.
Algeria's economy needs to be re-engineered.
Algeria's economy needs to be rebuilt.
Algeria's economy needs to develop internally and expand externally.
Algeria's economy needs to expand externally.
Algeria's economy needs to grow faster.
Algeria's economy needs to grow much faster than that.
Algeria's economy needs to open up to the world.
Algeria's economy needs to rely less on oil.
Algeria's economy needs to renovate.
Algeria's economy needs to return to pre-pandemic levels.
Algeria's economy needs to start growing fast.
Algeria's economy needs to stride into new territories.
Algeria's economy needs to take off.
Algeria's economy needs to thrive.
Algeria's economy relies heavily on oil.
Algeria's economy relies largely on oil and gas.
Algeria's economy relies on oil.
Algeria's economy remains stagnant.
Algeria's economy saw a major decline.
Algeria's economy should be in a positive zone.
Algeria's economy should not develop at the expense of its environment.
Algeria's economy shouldn't rely entirely on oil.
Algeria's economy skyrocketed in the Bouteflika era.
Algeria's economy slowed down.
Algeria's economy stagnated.
Algeria's economy started to go down in 2014.
Algeria's economy started to slow down in 2015.
Algeria's economy still relies quite heavily on imports.
Algeria's economy was based on agriculture.
Algeria's economy was centrally planned.
Algeria's economy was decimated by the civil war of the 1990s.
Algeria's economy was growing rapidly.
Algeria's economy was hit by a severe economic crisis.
Algeria's economy was hit hard by the collapse in oil prices.
Algeria's economy was hit hard by the fall in oil prices.
Algeria's economy was relatively unscathed.
Algeria's economy will be able to flourish again.
Algeria's economy will be affected by commodity-price fluctuations.
Algeria's economy will not collapse.
Algeria's economy will rebound next year.
Algeria's economy will take time to heal.
Algeria's economy won't collapse.
Algeria's elections didn't have a high voter turnout.
Algeria's electricity consumption is soaring.
Algeria's enemies want Algerians to kill each other.
Algeria's energy consumption is soaring.
Algeria's energy sector should become less carbon-intensive.
Algeria's engagement in regional initiatives and partnerships exemplifies a commitment to multilateralism and the pursuit of shared prosperity.
Algeria's experts need to develop new methods to transform the country's vast desert areas into productive lands.
Algeria's exports are growing.
Algeria's exports are rising exponentially.
Algeria's exports are rising.
Algeria's exports have seen a growth in the last few years.
Algeria's external debt is rising.
Algeria's external debt isn't soaring.
Algeria's farmland is spectacular.
Algeria's farmland is wonderful.
Algeria's fertility rate is declining.
Algeria's financial industry is suffering.
Algeria's financial resources are shrinking.
Algeria's flag has three colors: green, white and red.
Algeria's flag is green, white, and red.
Algeria's flag is interesting.
Algeria's focus on the Kabyle dialect is instrumental in the establishment of a standardized Berber language.
Algeria's foreign currency reserves are getting depleted.
Algeria's foreign direct investment reports are disappointing.
Algeria's foreign influence will grow.
Algeria's foreign reserves are dwindling.
Algeria's future capital is Boughezoul.
Algeria's future capital, Boughezoul, will relieve pressure from Algiers.
Algeria's future is bright.
Algeria's future isn't uncertain.
Algeria's future looks bright.
Algeria's geographical position offers it countless advantages.
Algeria's geography grants it substantial advantages.
Algeria's geography grants the nation excessive geopolitical leverage.
Algeria's geography is changing.
Algeria's government depends on oil and gas.
Algeria's government depends on oil for as much as 95% of its revenue.
Algeria's government funds huge public projects.
Algeria's government is too centralized.
Algeria's gross foreign reserves are falling.
Algeria's growing economy has had its fair share of challenges.
Algeria's growing tourist industry is creating a lot of jobs.
Algeria's growth has slowed down.
Algeria's growth rate isn't great.
Algeria's head of state Abdelkader Bensalah called for new presidential elections.
Algeria's head of state is Abdelkader Bensalah.
Algeria's healthcare system is relatively good when we compare it to that of other African nations.
Algeria's heavy bureaucracy encourages corruption.
Algeria's high plateaus are a vast semi-arid area.
Algeria's high plateaus are made up of semi-arid lands.
Algeria's high plateaus are semi-arid.
Algeria's high plateaus are semi-desert.
Algeria's high plateaus are very arid.
Algeria's highest mountain is in the Sahara.
Algeria's highest point is Mount Tahat in the Ahaggar Mountains at 2,908 m.
Algeria's highways are the arteries of its economy.
Algeria's history extends millennia in the past.
Algeria's history is fascinating.
Algeria's huge territory offers it countless advantages.
Algeria's hydrocarbons are a source of wealth.
Algeria's imbalance between imports and exports is quite significant.
Algeria's imports have decreased in the last four years.
Algeria's imports have seen a shrink in the last four years.
Algeria's income comes from the oil rent.
Algeria's independence is recognized by all the countries of the world.
Algeria's independence war came to an end in 1962 with the nation's independence.
Algeria's independence wasn't easy at all.
Algeria's industrial sector is concentrated around urban areas.
Algeria's industrial sector isn't as efficient as it should be.
Algeria's industrial sector needs to be developed.
Algeria's industries need to become competitive to become sustainable on the long run.
Algeria's industry sector is growing.
Algeria's industry sector needs to provide lots of jobs.
Algeria's inflation rate is high.
Algeria's influence in the region can't be stopped.
Algeria's infrastructure needs to be developed.
Algeria's infrastructures are one of the biggest asset the nation has.
Algeria's investment in defense is still high.
Algeria's investment laws are rigid.
Algeria's investment laws often anger the country's business community.
Algeria's investment rate is increasing.
Algeria's investments aren't helping the economy as expected.
Algeria's islands are very small and uninhabited.
Algeria's journey since gaining independence has been one of resilience, progress, and cultural richness.
Algeria's journey since gaining independence is a testament to the strength and determination of the Algerian people, whose efforts have shaped a vibrant and diverse society.
Algeria's labor regulations don't encourage investment.
Algeria's lakes are shrinking.
Algeria's land use policies should be reformed to make it easier and more cost-effective to build new housing developments.
Algeria's landscape is diverse, featuring a narrow, fertile coastal plain along the Mediterranean, the Atlas Mountains, and the Sahara Desert, which covers much of the country's southern region.
Algeria's largest city is Algiers.
Algeria's largest diaspora is in France.
Algeria's largest diaspora lives in France.
Algeria's largest mobile network operator is Mobilis.
Algeria's law is not all roses and sunshine.
Algeria's laws don't encourage foreign investment.
Algeria's leadership needs to be transparent.
Algeria's legislative elections were successful.
Algeria's linguistic endeavors involve utilizing the Kabyle dialect as a basis for the development of a unified Berber language.
Algeria's location is of significant geostrategic importance.
Algeria's long period of economic growth entered its closing phase in 2015.
Algeria's long-run goal is economic diversification.
Algeria's longest border is with Morocco.
Algeria's lower house of the parliament is officially known as the People's National Assembly.
Algeria's main industries are oil and gas, tourism, industry, and agriculture.
Algeria's main partners in the region are Spain, France, Italy, and Turkey.
Algeria's main resources are oil and gas.
Algeria's main rival in the region is Morocco.
Algeria's manufacturing sector needs to grow.
Algeria's massive protests occupy every front page.
Algeria's middle class is on the rise.
Algeria's military development can't be restricted.
Algeria's military is getting stronger.
Algeria's military spending will grow along its economy.
Algeria's military superiority over Libya is overwhelming.
Algeria's mining sector is industrialized.
Algeria's minister of trade is Kamel Rezig.
Algeria's moment has come.
Algeria's most densely populated city is Algiers.
Algeria's most distinct feature is the geographic diversity of its vast territory.
Algeria's most distinct feature is the vastness of its territory.
Algeria's most populous city is its capital, Algiers.
Algeria's mountainous terrain restricts mobility.
Algeria's music industry is growing.
Algeria's music needs to attract global audiences.
Algeria's national capital will be relocated to Boughezoul.
Algeria's national currency has declined.
Algeria's national currency is declining in value.
Algeria's national currency is weak.
Algeria's national identity is strongly formed.
Algeria's national unity can never be questioned.
Algeria's national unity is once again under threat.
Algeria's national urbanization policy should address issues such as land use planning, housing, transportation, and infrastructure development.
Algeria's native languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's naval bases need to be extended and refitted to accommodate larger warships.
Algeria's naval bases need to be extended to accommodate larger warships.
Algeria's navy needs to be more assertive.
Algeria's new government is ambitious.
Algeria's new president, Abdelmadjid Tebboune, has a lot of government experience.
Algeria's north has a Mediterranean climate.
Algeria's north is humid and mountainous.
Algeria's north is very different from its south.
Algeria's northern areas are suitable for farming.
Algeria's northern climate is very similar to that of Spain.
Algeria's nuclear program is peaceful.
Algeria's nuclear program isn't a threat to anyone.
Algeria's official and primary languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's official currency is the Algerian dinar.
Algeria's official languages are Arabic and Berber, also known as Tamazight.
Algeria's official name is the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
Algeria's oil and gas fields will soon be depleted.
Algeria's oil and gas resources are strategic.
Algeria's oil company is Sonatrach.
Algeria's oil isn't in the hands of foreign powers.
Algeria's oil production capacity is limited.
Algeria's oil-rich areas are located near Tunisia's and Libya's borders.
Algeria's oligarch Ali Haddad was detained in April 2019.
Algeria's opposition is so fragmented.
Algeria's overreliance on fossil fuels makes its development unsustainable.
Algeria's overreliance on oil and gas is a huge risk.
Algeria's overreliance on oil and gas led it to an economic crisis.
Algeria's parliament has two chambers.
Algeria's past is very much entangled with the its present.
Algeria's pension system is already in the red.
Algeria's pharmaceutical industry is developing.
Algeria's pharmaceutical industry is growing.
Algeria's physical environment is quite diverse.
Algeria's political crisis has been going on for seven months already.
Algeria's political crisis of 2019 put Major General Gaid Salah in control.
Algeria's political crisis resembles a soap opera.
Algeria's political decline began under President Bouteflika.
Algeria's political elite is corrupt.
Algeria's political environment has remained stable.
Algeria's political environment remains more or less stable.
Algeria's political environment remains stable.
Algeria's political instability isn't helping economic growth.
Algeria's political landscape has been changing.
Algeria's political landscape is changing.
Algeria's political reality is much more complicated.
Algeria's politics plays an important role in its economy.
Algeria's population could surpass Egypt's.
Algeria's population counts forty million people, most of whom are young.
Algeria's population growth will continue.
Algeria's population has doubled since the late 1970s.
Algeria's population has increased.
Algeria's population has stagnated.
Algeria's population has stopped growing.
Algeria's population is eager to engage in productive activities.
Algeria's population is growing faster.
Algeria's population is growing.
Algeria's population is increasing.
Algeria's population is larger than Morocco's.
Algeria's population is not as large as Egypt's.
Algeria's population is not as large as Italy's.
Algeria's population is projected to slow.
Algeria's population is relatively large.
Algeria's population is relatively young and working.
Algeria's population is spread very unevenly.
Algeria's population is still growing.
Algeria's population isn't decreasing.
Algeria's population isn't evenly spread.
Algeria's population isn't going backwards.
Algeria's population needs to be detribalized.
Algeria's population soared.
Algeria's position is unambiguous.
Algeria's powerful ally is China.
Algeria's president is Abdelmadjid Tebboune.
Algeria's president, Abdelmadjid Tebboune, is visiting Russia this year.
Algeria's presidential election is scheduled for July 4.
Algeria's primary languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's prime minister Noureddine Bedoui was the interior minister in the government of Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Algeria's private sector is expanding rapidly.
Algeria's private sector is making big contributions to the state treasury.
Algeria's private sector is relatively small.
Algeria's proactive stance in addressing desertification serves as a beacon of hope and inspiration for us all.
Algeria's proactive stance on environmental sustainability merits applause.
Algeria's problems aren't irreversible.
Algeria's problems have begun a long time ago.
Algeria's protectionist measures need to be changed.
Algeria's public deficit has gone through the roof.
Algeria's railways are well built.
Algeria's rapid industrialization needs raw materials.
Algeria's rapid population growth will present issues.
Algeria's rapid urbanization is also rising aspirations in the country's rural areas.
Algeria's rapid urbanization started in the 1960s.
Algeria's reaction to this was immediate.
Algeria's real enemy in the region is Morocco.
Algeria's real source of power is its oil wells.
Algeria's real source of power is its oil.
Algeria's real strength is gas.
Algeria's reforms aren't limited to the economic part.
Algeria's reforms have progressed significantly.
Algeria's regulations are so strong.
Algeria's relations with Morocco are complicated.
Algeria's response to the Tiguentourine attack was extremely harsh.
Algeria's rich history and strategic geographical position have endowed it with a unique perspective on global peace and security challenges.
Algeria's rivers aren't navigable.
Algeria's road network is slowly improving.
Algeria's roads are well built.
Algeria's service industry is developing.
Algeria's service sector is rapidly growing.
Algeria's service sector works great.
Algeria's significant cities are located in the north of the country.
Algeria's social healthcare system needs improvement.
Algeria's social spending is still very high.
Algeria's society is in crisis.
Algeria's south is more traditional.
Algeria's sporting fixtures will go ahead but behind closed doors.
Algeria's state budget gives big allocations to education and healthcare.
Algeria's state budget gives generous allocations to education and healthcare.
Algeria's state religion is Islam.
Algeria's state-owned companies that experience losses need to be privatized.
Algeria's steadfast dedication to combating desertification serves as a testament to the power of collective action and innovation in addressing global challenges.
Algeria's steadfast efforts to eradicate illiteracy have yielded remarkable results, significantly improving literacy rates and enhancing access to quality education for all segments of society.
Algeria's story is different.
Algeria's strategic initiatives in public policy have significantly enhanced access to education, healthcare, and social services, empowering its citizens and fostering inclusive development.
Algeria's strong growth did not continue.
Algeria's subsoil is overflowing with riches.
Algeria's support for Palestine is unwavering.
Algeria's territory is largely made of highlands.
Algeria's territory will not be split up.
Algeria's tourism industry is poised to prosper.
Algeria's tourism sector lags behind other Mediterranean countries.
Algeria's tourism sector still has a large potential for growth.
Algeria's tourism sector still has a large potential of growth.
Algeria's trade deficit has increased.
Algeria's trade deficit is increasing.
Algeria's transport system is one of the best in Africa.
Algeria's two official languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's unemployment rate has increased.
Algeria's unemployment rate is declining.
Algeria's unemployment rate is relatively high.
Algeria's unique location provides certain leverages for international influence.
Algeria's unity can never be questioned.
Algeria's unity depends on the Declaration of 1 November 1954.
Algeria's unwavering commitment and proactive measures in promoting education and literacy have set a shining example for the world.
Algeria's urban areas are growing.
Algeria's urban populations are rising.
Algeria's vessels need to cover a wide range of operations.
Algeria's war of independence began in 1954.
Algeria's water resources are unevenly distributed.
Algeria's water resources in the south can be used.
Algeria's wealth is spread unevenly.
Algeria's weight in the international economy is small.
Algeria's welfare state does not come cheap.
Algeria's wheat exports have been steadily increasing.
Algeria's wheat should be shipped all over the world.
Algeria's wildcat wild populations need to recover.
Algeria's young population is a massive advantage.
Algeria, Algeria, Algeria... All Yanni does is talk about Algeria.
Algeria, Algeria, Algeria... Always Algeria.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia are among Yanni's favorite countries.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia could become united by a common road.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia have a common history.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia have a common religion.
Algeria, Russia, and China are friendly towards Iran and Venezuela.
Algeria, a name that conjures up vast desert landscapes.
Algeria, always Algeria!
Algeria, an oil-dependent country, should absolutely have a diversified economy.
Algeria, as a nation, is heavily dependent on its relations with the European Union.
Algeria, here I come!
Algeria, like many developing countries, is experiencing rapid urbanization.
Algeria, my country, is located in North Africa.
Algeria, our country, is the largest nation on the African continent.
Algeria, where Arabic and Berber are the primary languages, is located in North Africa.
Algeria, where Skura comes from originally, is a modern nation.
Algeria... I love it here.
Algeria? That's where we're going.
Algerian Arab gendarmes fired live ammunition on peaceful young Kabyle protesters. They killed 128 young Kabyle people and disabled thousands of Kabyle for life.
Algerian Arab gendarmes live from Baksheesh, they are nevertheless very well paid by the Algerian assassin power.
Algerian Arab-Muslims hate the Jews and the West, but they are ready to unite with Israel, France and the USA to annihilate the sovereignist and secular Kabyles.
Algerian Arabic has considerable Berber influence.
Algerian Arabic has large amounts of Berber words.
Algerian Arabic is considerably influenced by Berber.
Algerian Arabic retains some degree of Berber influence.
Algerian Arabs are in solidarity only with Palestinian Arab Muslims.
Algerian Arabs are predominantly fenient and hypocritical.
Algerian Arabs are united only with Arab-Islamists.
Algerian Arabs cut up a tiger that fled the zoo. It was the gendarmes who killed him.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but to win the sympathy of the French they say they are Kabyle.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but want to marry Kabyle to have prestige and respect.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle by pure jealousy. Because the Kabyle are respectful of other cultures.
Algerian Arabs have tortured thousands of Kabyle people since 1962.
Algerian Arabs mask their hatred of the Kabyle by hypocritical nationalism.
Algerian Arabs veil their sisters and their wives but spend their time watching pornographic films.
Algerian Arabs veil their sisters but violate and beat women who are not veiled.
Algerian Arabs vote for Islamist political parties but migrate to secular and libertarian countries.
Algerian Islamists are demanding a state founded on Islamic law.
Algerian Islamists have a very radical discourse.
Algerian Muslims impose the construction of mosques in the West but forbid the construction of churches in Algeria.
Algerian Muslims spend their time insulting Israel but never invent anything except terrorism.
Algerian Muslims spend their time threatening Israel but never go to action because they are cowardly.
Algerian agriculture declined.
Algerian and Chinese companies officially signed the contract in 2004.
Algerian and Chinese leaders signed many agreements.
Algerian and Italian women are very similar.
Algerian and Moroccan relations are in a state of crisis.
Algerian authorities dropped all charges against him.
Algerian authorities need to learn how to keep the balance between tourism and the environment.
Algerian authorities need to provide water for everyone.
Algerian bakers need to make bread from locally sourced flour.
Algerian banks have to be transparent.
Algerian banks want to attract the money of the country's large informal economy.
Algerian beaches are beautiful.
Algerian beaches need to be kept clean.
Algerian beaches need to be kept safe.
Algerian cakes are absolutely delicious.
Algerian cities are growing all the time.
Algerian cities need bike lanes.
Algerian cities need massive water reservoirs.
Algerian cities need to be turned into producers of green energies.
Algerian cities need to solve their urban water crises.
Algerian cities need to solve their urban water problem.
Algerian citizens should be given a voice in local governance.
Algerian coasts are illegally plundered for their coral.
Algerian colonialism and its relays speak of "Kabyle separatism" when in reality it is only sovereignism. That said, recovering one's freedom is one of the fundamental rights. Obviously colonial Algeria ratified the human rights charter but never respected it.
Algerian companies are complaining.
Algerian companies are doing the building.
Algerian companies don't pay good wages.
Algerian companies need qualified workers.
Algerian companies need to invest more heavily in research and development.
Algerian companies need to outsource some job.
Algerian corrupt officials need to be brought to justice.
Algerian culture is a blend of Berber, Arab, and French influences.
Algerian culture is very vibrant.
Algerian currency reserves have significantly plummeted in the last five years.
Algerian dates do taste good.
Algerian doctors are on alert.
Algerian doctors need to be kept on alert.
Algerian doctors need to be paid more.
Algerian economists are expecting a slight slowdown of the country's GDP.
Algerian economists need to think outside the box.
Algerian economy is pretty hard to understand.
Algerian education is relatively good.
Algerian education trade unions are like a mafia.
Algerian environmental authorities should eradicate illegal dumps.
Algerian factories should be run by computerized system.
Algerian families are very close.
Algerian farmers need to export part of their produce.
Algerian farmers need to improve their crop yields.
Algerian farmers need to improve their farming methods.
Algerian farmers need to invest in better equipment.
Algerian food is amazing.
Algerian food is delicious.
Algerian food is frigging delicious.
Algerian food is simple and delicious.
Algerian food is so good.
Algerian food looks appetizing to foreign tourists.
Algerian girls are so cute.
Algerian highways are paved.
Algerian historians need to be very particular about historical accuracy.
Algerian hospitals need more respiratory equipment.
Algerian hotels are doing their best to survive.
Algerian infrastructure is relatively good.
Algerian landscapes are beautiful.
Algerian leaders build only mosques, but when they are sick they go abroad.
Algerian license plates usually have 10 digits.
Algerian local governments should enjoy a certain level of fiscal autonomy.
Algerian long-term employees will have new tasks.
Algerian loquats are quite sweet.
Algerian money is losing value so fast.
Algerian money is losing value.
Algerian needs to protect is environment.
Algerian oil industry requires lots and lots of investments.
Algerian olive oil is the best in the world.
Algerian olive oil needs to gain international recognition.
Algerian people are just so friendly.
Algerian police found a stash of weapons on that farm.
Algerian police responds swiftly when there's a problem.
Algerian politics is very complicated.
Algerian power is corrupt and criminal against the Kabyle.
Algerian private schools should integrate Berber into their curriculums.
Algerian products are cheap and competitive.
Algerian products are cheap.
Algerian products have to appeal to international consumers.
Algerian products need to enter the international market.
Algerian public money shouldn't get into the hands of corrupt officials.
Algerian researchers need to develop better agricultural tools and technologies.
Algerian roads are full of trucks.
Algerian sanitation workers have their work cut out for them.
Algerian seas are illegally plundered for their coral.
Algerian singer Idir was called Hamid Cheriet at birth.
Algerian singers like Idir attract global audiences.
Algerian soccer player Riyad Mahrez supports Palestine.
Algerian society is becoming more and more secular.
Algerian society recognizes Abdelaziz Bouteflika as having made Algeria a safer country.
Algerian streets are safe.
Algerian students need to be encouraged to think independently.
Algerian students should be target-driven.
Algerian traditional cakes are absolutely delicious.
Algerian troops are able to quickly deploy in any part of the national territory in the event of an armed conflict with a neighboring country.
Algerian universities are funded from the government.
Algerian universities are funded from the state.
Algerian urban planners should work hard to redesign Algiers.
Algerian women are graceful and polite.
Algerian women love to cook.
Algerian youth is fleeing the country in huge numbers.
Algerians achieved independence in 1962.
Algerians adhere to sunni Islam.
Algerians always resisted French rule.
Algerians and Indians are brothers.
Algerians and Italians are Mediterranean people and one should never mess with them.
Algerians and Italians are Mediterranean people.
Algerians and Italians are extremely tough people. Never mess with them.
Algerians and Italians get along very well.
Algerians and Italians have a lot in common culturally.
Algerians and Italians share a lot culturally.
Algerians and Mexicans have one thing in common: the nap.
Algerians and Moroccans have so much in common.
Algerians and Moroccans live very different lives.
Algerians and Sicilians get along pretty well.
Algerians and Turks are brothers.
Algerians are Africans, too.
Algerians are Muslim.
Algerians are Sunni Muslims.
Algerians are already feeling the winds of change.
Algerians are angry.
Algerians are anthropologically similar to Italians.
Algerians are as tough as Italians.
Algerians are becoming increasingly wealthy.
Algerians are beginning to trust Tebboune.
Algerians are better informed now.
Algerians are better trained now.
Algerians are brave people.
Algerians are brave.
Algerians are broadly Sunni Muslim.
Algerians are buying less.
Algerians are confronted everywhere by reminders of the war of liberation.
Algerians are deeply proud of their Berber heritage.
Algerians are demanding democratic reforms.
Algerians are demanding justice.
Algerians are electing a new president today.
Algerians are ethnically Berber.
Algerians are ethnically mixed.
Algerians are everywhere.
Algerians are exchanging their money away from the dinar.
Algerians are expecting a little bit more.
Algerians are extremely tough people.
Algerians are far more Berber than Arab.
Algerians are fed up of Soviet-era bureaucracy.
Algerians are fed up of bureaucracy.
Algerians are fed up of religious fanaticism.
Algerians are fed up of their political establishment.
Algerians are feeling the winds of change.
Algerians are friendly and curious of outsiders.
Algerians are friendly, hospitable and curious of outsiders.
Algerians are generally friendly.
Algerians are genuinely curious about foreigners that visit their country.
Algerians are getting more and more comfortable identifying themselves as Berber.
Algerians are having less children.
Algerians are hostile toward the Kabyle language, a native language of more than twelve million Kabylians.
Algerians are investing into anything.
Algerians are jealous of their rights.
Algerians are known for their generosity and warmth.
Algerians are known for their hospitality.
Algerians are known for their love of soccer.
Algerians are known for their solidarity.
Algerians are known for their warm hospitality.
Algerians are less productive.
Algerians are looking for a better life.
Algerians are migrating to Canada, seeking a better life.
Algerians are migrating to Europe for better economic opportunities.
Algerians are mostly of Berber stock.
Algerians are much richer than Mauritanians.
Algerians are nice people.
Algerians are now demonstrating against the government.
Algerians are now focused on building a more united and strong nation and have no time for the absurdities of fascism, racism, takfirism, and separatism.
Algerians are now learning advanced techniques in this sector.
Algerians are now optimistic.
Algerians are now very optimistic and energized.
Algerians are obsessed with soccer.
Algerians are of mixed Berber and Arab descent.
Algerians are open to Western culture.
Algerians are open, curious, and full of life.
Algerians are overwhelmingly Berber in origin.
Algerians are praying for peace and stability in the country.
Algerians are protesting corruption in the government.
Algerians are proud of Ines Ibbou.
Algerians are proud of their country.
Algerians are proud of their roots.
Algerians are proud of who they are.
Algerians are proud people.
Algerians are proud to be Algerian.
Algerians are ready to fight tooth and nail to preserve their national unity.
Algerians are really protective of their country.
Algerians are relatively secular.
Algerians are religious.
Algerians are so lazy that they brought back Chinese people to build everything.
Algerians are standing together.
Algerians are still warmly welcoming foreign tourists in their country.
Algerians are suffering from inflation.
Algerians are suffering the effects of inflation.
Algerians are super nice people.
Algerians are taking the coronavirus seriously.
Algerians are the grandchildren of the ancient Berbers.
Algerians are tired of Islamism.
Algerians are tired of Islamist violence.
Algerians are tired of Islamists.
Algerians are tired of Salafists.
Algerians are tired of bureaucracy and inefficiency.
Algerians are tired of controlling institutions.
Algerians are tired of corruption.
Algerians are tired of populism.
Algerians are tired of terrorism.
Algerians are tired of the corrupt economic oligarchy.
Algerians are tired of the cult of personality.
Algerians are tired of the government's authoritarian behavior.
Algerians are tired of the populist tone of the Islamists.
Algerians are tired of their government's authoritarian behavior.
Algerians are tired of this corrupt system.
Algerians are tough people.
Algerians are united against the dangers of extremism and separatism.
Algerians are universally respected.
Algerians are urging their officials to be more transparent.
Algerians are very friendly.
Algerians are very open-minded people.
Algerians are very proud people.
Algerians are very religious but they generally reject extremism.
Algerians are very religious.
Algerians are very similar to Italians.
Algerians are very tolerant people.
Algerians are very welcoming.
Algerians are voting today.
Algerians are well aware that what happened to Libya is a cautionary tale.
Algerians are well educated and sophisticated.
Algerians are with Palestine.
Algerians are yearning for change.
Algerians are yearning for more freedom.
Algerians are, in general, relaxed, friendly, open, and affectionate.
Algerians aren't Middle Eastern Arabs.
Algerians aren't afraid of anyone.
Algerians aren't afraid of the "Chinese dragon."
Algerians aren't ashamed of supporting Palestine. It's rather people supporting and condoning war crimes and crimes against humanity that should be ashamed.
Algerians aren't ashamed of supporting Western Sahara and Palestine. It's rather people who support war crimes and ethnic cleansing that should be ashamed of doing that.
Algerians aren't easily scared.
Algerians aren't getting what they want.
Algerians aren't interested in an Arab Spring.
Algerians aren't interested in radical Islam.
Algerians aren't scared of anyone.
Algerians aren't scared of assholes.
Algerians aren't scared of bastards.
Algerians aren't scared of bitches.
Algerians aren't scared of buttholes.
Algerians aren't scared of cocksuckers.
Algerians aren't scared of dickheads.
Algerians aren't scared of dickholes.
Algerians aren't scared of fuckers.
Algerians aren't scared of motherfuckers.
Algerians aren't scared of sissies.
Algerians aren't scared of traitors.
Algerians aren't scared of wimps.
Algerians aren't scared.
Algerians aren't xenophobic.
Algerians basically share the same Berber ethnicity but speak two different languages: Arabic and Berber.
Algerians beat up those who do not observe Ramadan but do nothing against those who steal a whole country.
Algerians believe in democracy.
Algerians believe in their country passionately.
Algerians can be found everywhere.
Algerians can do better than that.
Algerians can enter Tunisia without a visa.
Algerians can still do this.
Algerians can watch YouTube videos.
Algerians can watch YouTube.
Algerians can't escape this.
Algerians can't even get meat for themselves.
Algerians can't lose their jobs. They've got to feed their kids.
Algerians consume a lot of bread.
Algerians consume a lot of egg mayonnaise.
Algerians consume more water.
Algerians could benefit enormously from industrialization.
Algerians could grow anything.
Algerians could use licorice trees to help combat desertification. In fact, these trees help keep sand in place.
Algerians declare themselves as Muslims.
Algerians declared their independence in 1962.
Algerians didn't want to remain part of France.
Algerians disguise the socio-political reality of their country by pride and hypocrisy.
Algerians do care about that.
Algerians do love Turks.
Algerians do much better than their neighbors in Tunisia.
Algerians do that, too.
Algerians don't abandon one another.
Algerians don't believe their currency has value.
Algerians don't eat pork.
Algerians don't enjoy the highest wages in the region.
Algerians don't have a desire to return to the dark decade of the 1990s.
Algerians don't have a good opinion of the French.
Algerians don't have amazing salaries.
Algerians don't have proficient knowledge of English.
Algerians don't like Donald Trump.
Algerians don't like snobby people.
Algerians don't like to be snobby.
Algerians don't need low-wage jobs.
Algerians don't need populist policies.
Algerians don't quit.
Algerians don't see each other as enemies.
Algerians don't speak English as their second language.
Algerians don't speak English fluently.
Algerians don't want a new dictator.
Algerians don't want an Islamist regime.
Algerians don't want cultural assimilation with Western nations.
Algerians don't want populist policies.
Algerians don't want their country to become an Islamic theocracy.
Algerians don't want to be ruled by a tyrant.
Algerians don't want to buy European rubbish.
Algerians don't want to go bankrupt.
Algerians don't want to live this way.
Algerians drink a lot of coffee.
Algerians drink coffee.
Algerians drive on the right side of the road.
Algerians eat couscous.
Algerians eat so much pizza.
Algerians engage in the army only to oppress "other Algerians".
Algerians enjoy access to the Internet.
Algerians enjoy state subsidies.
Algerians feel betrayed by former president Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Algerians felt oppressed by France's colonial authority.
Algerians formed a neighborhood in that part of Paris.
Algerians formed the National Liberation Front that pushed for ultimate independence from France.
Algerians fought an independence war to take back their country.
Algerians fought for independence between 1954 and 1962.
Algerians fought the French colonization and won.
Algerians fought the French occupation.
Algerians generally don't have proficient knowledge of English.
Algerians get paid less than they're worth.
Algerians go to Europe because they're looking for opportunities.
Algerians hate Israel because their religion allows them to kill Jews.
Algerians have Internet access.
Algerians have a Mediterranean character.
Algerians have a high degree of Berber DNA.
Algerians have a high degree of Berber admixture.
Algerians have a high sense of community and camaraderie.
Algerians have a rebellious attitude.
Algerians have a strong national identity.
Algerians have a strong religious identity.
Algerians have a warm heart.
Algerians have always had a rocky relationship with authority.
Algerians have been doing this for hundreds of years.
Algerians have been learning Berber since it became official.
Algerians have been organizing big demonstrations since February 2019.
Algerians have big hopes for the future.
Algerians have come to accept that as part of their life.
Algerians have dealt with this problem before.
Algerians have elected a new president.
Algerians have every reason to be proud of their country.
Algerians have freedom of speech.
Algerians have good Internet access.
Algerians have good access to education.
Algerians have had enough of Islamism.
Algerians have had enough of Islamist intolerance.
Algerians have lots of children.
Algerians have many reasons to be proud of their country.
Algerians have no better option.
Algerians have no other choice.
Algerians have no recycling culture.
Algerians have piped water.
Algerians have put faith in Tebboune.
Algerians have rights.
Algerians have some freedom, but they want more.
Algerians have the power to stop desertification.
Algerians have to think about the future.
Algerians have totally lost faith in the country's opposition.
Algerians have understood that radical Islam isn't good for managing their country.
Algerians hold tight to their traditions.
Algerians identify strongly as sunni Muslims.
Algerians in general don't bear resentment towards France for the consequences of the war for independence.
Algerians in general have the required skills to be hired abroad.
Algerians is the plural of Algerian.
Algerians kicked the French out of their country in 1962.
Algerians know that hard work should be rewarded.
Algerians know that wealth begets wealth.
Algerians know very well that power doesn't allow for vacuums.
Algerians learn Berber at school.
Algerians learn Berber in primary school.
Algerians liberated their country from France in 1962.
Algerians liberated their country from France.
Algerians liberated their country in 1962.
Algerians like coffee.
Algerians like couscous.
Algerians like soccer.
Algerians like to be cautious.
Algerians like to eat couscous.
Algerians live in North Africa.
Algerians love Bollywood movies.
Algerians love German cars so much.
Algerians love Hollywood films.
Algerians love Hollywood flicks.
Algerians love animals.
Algerians love couscous.
Algerians love figs.
Algerians love honeydew melon.
Algerians love kebabs.
Algerians love mutton.
Algerians love paved highways.
Algerians love pizza.
Algerians love their country.
Algerians love their fast food.
Algerians maintain this tradition.
Algerians make couscous.
Algerians managed to humiliate the French.
Algerians may be divided by politics but there are united by hope.
Algerians may or may not self-identify as Berber, but they all have a high percentage of Berber ancestry.
Algerians need access to clean water.
Algerians need clean and safe drinking water.
Algerians need clean water.
Algerians need decent jobs.
Algerians need freedom of speech.
Algerians need high-wage jobs.
Algerians need higher salaries.
Algerians need higher wages.
Algerians need higher-paying jobs.
Algerians need hope.
Algerians need jobs.
Algerians need new places to go and play.
Algerians need safety.
Algerians need significant improvements in their day-to-day lives.
Algerians need to be better informed.
Algerians need to be encouraged to work a little bit harder.
Algerians need to be more productive.
Algerians need to be more skilled.
Algerians need to be very cautious.
Algerians need to defeat defeatism.
Algerians need to defeat pessimism.
Algerians need to develop high-yield seeds.
Algerians need to eat healthier food.
Algerians need to focus on today and tomorrow.
Algerians need to follow social distancing.
Algerians need to get better paying jobs.
Algerians need to get creative.
Algerians need to go green.
Algerians need to have a high degree of English fluency.
Algerians need to improve their English skills.
Algerians need to improve their skills.
Algerians need to keep their cities clean.
Algerians need to keep their environment clean.
Algerians need to learn how to do everything themselves.
Algerians need to leave their grievances behind and focus on building a new and strong nation.
Algerians need to look at their strengths.
Algerians need to modify their behavior to preserve their environment.
Algerians need to put aside their differences and coexist in peace and harmony.
Algerians need to put their differences aside and focus on the economic development of their country.
Algerians need to put their faith in Tebboune's government.
Algerians need to see the benefits of their country's economic development.
Algerians need to speak out against corruption.
Algerians need to stand up to corruption.
Algerians need to stick together.
Algerians need to teach their children environmental values.
Algerians need to use more solar power.
Algerians need to work harder.
Algerians need to work more efficiently.
Algerians need to work more.
Algerians never accepted French occupation.
Algerians nice to visitors.
Algerians no longer trust the system.
Algerians offer moral and financial support for the Sahrawis.
Algerians openly support Palestine.
Algerians practice a moderate form of Islam.
Algerians practice a tolerant form of Islam.
Algerians realize that stability is the foundation of a good economy.
Algerians rebelled against France and gained their independence in 1962.
Algerians regard themselves as one country and one people.
Algerians remain suspicious of the government's promises.
Algerians remember the severe economic crisis of the 1990s.
Algerians see Jugurtha as a national hero.
Algerians should be able to set up new businesses at a much lower cost.
Algerians should be more environmentally aware.
Algerians should be proud and patriotic.
Algerians should be united against the corrupt officials of the Bouteflika regime.
Algerians should be united together in this political crisis.
Algerians should buy hand sanitizer.
Algerians should care more about the environment.
Algerians should choose their own government.
Algerians should do away with their lazy ways and get to work instead of attacking the system.
Algerians should do away with their lazy ways and get to work instead of blaming everything on the system.
Algerians should eat more meat.
Algerians should go to the polls to elect a new president.
Algerians should learn how to produce less garbage.
Algerians should never forget the lessons of their ancestors.
Algerians should not let their guard down.
Algerians should plant more trees.
Algerians should put ideology aside and build a stronger country.
Algerians should stop fighting amongst themselves.
Algerians should use credit cards instead of cash.
Algerians should vote.
Algerians should work more.
Algerians shouldn't be pessimistic.
Algerians shouldn't forget their past.
Algerians slaughter their sheep on the day of Eid in front of their children.
Algerians speak French as their second language.
Algerians spend their time watching soccer games, praying in mosques and napping at coffee bars.
Algerians started fighting for their independence in 1954.
Algerians started resisting French occupation.
Algerians suffered from poverty for decades.
Algerians suffered greatly at the hands of their French colonial masters.
Algerians suffered unspeakable cruelty during the French colonization.
Algerians support Palestine not out of humanism, but out of racialism and hatred of the Jew.
Algerians support Palestine.
Algerians support the Algerian criminal army and corrupted Algerian power only out of pure hatred of the Kabyle.
Algerians take their coffee very seriously.
Algerians tend to go to work in foreign countries.
Algerians took their anger to the streets.
Algerians took to the streets.
Algerians took up arms against France.
Algerians use all modes of transport.
Algerians use the Algerian dinar as their currency.
Algerians use the dinar as a national currency.
Algerians use the metric system.
Algerians used to be industrious and hard workers.
Algerians used to be industrious people.
Algerians usually eat couscous on Friday.
Algerians usually make couscous on Friday.
Algerians veil their wives but deceive them too.
Algerians want a better education for their kids.
Algerians want a better life.
Algerians want a better quality of life.
Algerians want a better tomorrow.
Algerians want a government that could rebuild the state.
Algerians want better living conditions.
Algerians want better living standards.
Algerians want change faster than the government.
Algerians want everything to go back to normal.
Algerians want freedom.
Algerians want general prosperity.
Algerians want good quality houses.
Algerians want good-paying jobs.
Algerians want higher salaries.
Algerians want higher wages.
Algerians want less bureaucracy.
Algerians want open and free political elections.
Algerians want this to happen as fast as possible.
Algerians want to avoid bloodshed.
Algerians want to be the masters of their own destiny.
Algerians want to eat food from their own country.
Algerians want to get access to more technology.
Algerians want to improve their own quality of life.
Algerians want to improve their quality of life.
Algerians want to improve their standard of living.
Algerians want to live a better life.
Algerians want to make their own fortunes.
Algerians want to pay fewer taxes.
Algerians want true democracy.
Algerians wanted independence as well.
Algerians watch tons of Hollywood flicks.
Algerians were afraid of what would happen after Bouteflika.
Algerians were in the context of the upcoming parliamentary elections.
Algerians were making money.
Algerians were worried about Bouteflika's increasingly authoritarian tendencies.
Algerians weren't treated justly by colonial France.
Algerians will defend their country.
Algerians will keep on fighting.
Algerians will never forget Palestine.
Algerians would die to protect their national unity.
Algerians yearn for more freedom.
Algerians' tastes are changing.
Algiers Grand Mosque is going to give the city an international face.
Algiers and Oran are Algeria's two largest cities.
Algiers and Saudi Arabia have similar dimensions.
Algiers attracts a lot of Algerian tourists.
Algiers authorities need to do something about traffic congestion.
Algiers became a capital in the 10th century AD.
Algiers became the new capital of the Zirids.
Algiers came alive again.
Algiers can be a very difficult place.
Algiers could generate electricity from trash.
Algiers develops its very own charm at night.
Algiers does need biking trails.
Algiers doesn't have a water park.
Algiers doesn't have a waterpark.
Algiers doesn't have large slums anymore.
Algiers doesn't look the same.
Algiers far surpasses the growth of other major cities in Algeria.
Algiers gave Algeria its name.
Algiers generates a lot of garbage.
Algiers gets snow days from time to time.
Algiers has a beautiful promenade on the seashore.
Algiers has a big influence on the rest of Algeria.
Algiers has a cool architecture.
Algiers has a desalination plant.
Algiers has a fascinating history.
Algiers has a few fountains that run on electricity.
Algiers has a gigantic mosque.
Algiers has a huge botanical garden.
Algiers has a legendary reputation.
Algiers has a little more than four million people.
Algiers has a long music history.
Algiers has a lot of family-friendly parks.
Algiers has a metro line.
Algiers has a metro system.
Algiers has a metro train.
Algiers has a new international airport.
Algiers has a one-line metro system.
Algiers has a population of more than three million people.
Algiers has a strategic position.
Algiers has a supermarket with a giant parking lot.
Algiers has a unique architectural heritage.
Algiers has a very busy port.
Algiers has a very dense urban core.
Algiers has a very diversified economy.
Algiers has almost no slums.
Algiers has amazing stories to tell.
Algiers has ambitious plans for the future.
Algiers has an appealing botanical garden named "Jardin d'Essai."
Algiers has an excellent one-line metro system.
Algiers has an important port.
Algiers has an old town known as the Casbah.
Algiers has at least three amusement parks.
Algiers has become a huge metropolitan region.
Algiers has become less crowded.
Algiers has been a capital since the 10th century AD.
Algiers has been a capital since the 10th century.
Algiers has been around for at least two thousand years.
Algiers has been steadily getting bigger for the last 1000 years.
Algiers has businesses of all kinds.
Algiers has changed a lot.
Algiers has developed a chronic trash problem.
Algiers has developed into a metropolis.
Algiers has huge modern soccer stadiums.
Algiers has its own special charm at night.
Algiers has just one metro line.
Algiers has limited public seating.
Algiers has many beaches.
Algiers has many beautiful gardens.
Algiers has many beauty salons.
Algiers has many congested streets.
Algiers has many empty buildings.
Algiers has many historical buildings.
Algiers has many markets.
Algiers has many museums.
Algiers has many one-way streets.
Algiers has many restaurants.
Algiers has many street artists.
Algiers has many traffic bottlenecks.
Algiers has never known a night like this.
Algiers has one of the largest botanical gardens in Africa.
Algiers has one of the oldest botanical gardens in the world.
Algiers has some beautiful and quiet city parks.
Algiers has some of Algeria's finest buildings.
Algiers has the busiest airspace in Algeria.
Algiers has the largest botanical garden in Algeria.
Algiers has the largest economy in Algeria.
Algiers has the most gigantic mosque in Africa.
Algiers has too many cars.
Algiers has transformed into a very modern city.
Algiers has tripled in size.
Algiers has turned into a metropolis.
Algiers has two main zoos. One is in Ben Aknoun and the other in El Hamma.
Algiers has very few forests.
Algiers has very little crime.
Algiers hasn't changed.
Algiers hosts four million people.
Algiers hosts various markets.
Algiers in Arabic means "islands."
Algiers is Algeria's capital and largest city.
Algiers is Algeria's capital and megacity.
Algiers is Algeria's capital city.
Algiers is Algeria's capital.
Algiers is Algeria's financial center.
Algiers is Algeria's grand megacity.
Algiers is Algeria's great capital.
Algiers is Algeria's largest city and capital.
Algiers is Algeria's largest city.
Algiers is Algeria's largest urban area.
Algiers is Algeria's most monitored city.
Algiers is Algeria's most populated city.
Algiers is Algeria's official capital.
Algiers is Algeria's political and economic capital.
Algiers is Algeria's political and financial capital.
Algiers is Algeria's political, economic, and cultural capital city.
Algiers is Algeria's political, economic, and cultural capital.
Algiers is Algeria's sprawling capital.
Algiers is Ziri's hometown.
Algiers is a Mecca of shopping.
Algiers is a Mediterranean city.
Algiers is a Muslim city.
Algiers is a beautiful city.
Algiers is a big and beautiful city.
Algiers is a big and relatively safe city.
Algiers is a big city.
Algiers is a big place.
Algiers is a business center.
Algiers is a bustling city of over three million people.
Algiers is a bustling city.
Algiers is a bustling urban metropolis.
Algiers is a capital of three and a half million people.
Algiers is a city I dearly love.
Algiers is a city Yanni didn't visit.
Algiers is a city full of expensive apartments and villas.
Algiers is a city like no other.
Algiers is a city of cars.
Algiers is a city of three and a half million people.
Algiers is a city of white-colored buildings.
Algiers is a city rooted in history.
Algiers is a city with many different faces.
Algiers is a coastal city.
Algiers is a crowded city.
Algiers is a cultural hub.
Algiers is a cultural melting pot.
Algiers is a deeply conservative city.
Algiers is a delightful place to visit.
Algiers is a densely populated city.
Algiers is a different city.
Algiers is a dynamic growing urban center.
Algiers is a fairly large city.
Algiers is a fantastic city.
Algiers is a fascinating city.
Algiers is a fast-growing city.
Algiers is a fast-moving town.
Algiers is a fun city.
Algiers is a geographical gem.
Algiers is a good place to have a fresh start.
Algiers is a good place.
Algiers is a great city.
Algiers is a great place to live.
Algiers is a great place.
Algiers is a large and bustling city.
Algiers is a large city and creates a lot of waste.
Algiers is a large city.
Algiers is a magnificent city.
Algiers is a major city in North Africa.
Algiers is a major city.
Algiers is a massive city.
Algiers is a megacity.
Algiers is a metropolis of three and a half million people.
Algiers is a metropolis with a population of three million and a half.
Algiers is a metropolis.
Algiers is a modern city focused on the future.
Algiers is a modern city today.
Algiers is a more or less organized city.
Algiers is a noisy city.
Algiers is a place of history.
Algiers is a place of intense activity.
Algiers is a popular city.
Algiers is a popular tourist destination.
Algiers is a pretty city.
Algiers is a pretty weird place.
Algiers is a really nice place to visit.
Algiers is a relatively safe city.
Algiers is a relaxed metropolis.
Algiers is a safe city.
Algiers is a source of wealth.
Algiers is a superb city.
Algiers is a teeming metropolis.
Algiers is a thriving modern metropolis.
Algiers is a very busy city.
Algiers is a very nice place.
Algiers is a very populated city.
Algiers is a wonderful city.
Algiers is about 40 kilometers from there.
Algiers is about an hour away.
Algiers is amazing.
Algiers is an amazing city.
Algiers is an awesome city.
Algiers is an enchanting city.
Algiers is an enormously hospitable city.
Algiers is an eternally fascinating city.
Algiers is an exciting place.
Algiers is an expensive place to live.
Algiers is an extraordinary place.
Algiers is an important cultural capital in Algeria.
Algiers is an important port city.
Algiers is an incredible city.
Algiers is an industrial center.
Algiers is an old city.
Algiers is an open, tolerant, cosmopolitan city.
Algiers is an open-minded city.
Algiers is an organized city.
Algiers is an overcrowded city.
Algiers is an urban giant.
Algiers is asleep again.
Algiers is becoming a city of rich people.
Algiers is becoming a megacity.
Algiers is becoming a modern capital.
Algiers is becoming a modern city.
Algiers is becoming a sophisticated city.
Algiers is becoming a tourist attraction.
Algiers is becoming larger and larger.
Algiers is beginning to have many centers.
Algiers is built on the Algerian coast.
Algiers is buzzing with life.
Algiers is by far the largest city in Algeria.
Algiers is certainly North Africa's fastest growing city.
Algiers is changing and assuming a very different appearance.
Algiers is changing fast.
Algiers is changing.
Algiers is close to my heart.
Algiers is completely different.
Algiers is continuing to grow.
Algiers is crossed by the El Harrach River.
Algiers is crowded and congested.
Algiers is crowded and jammed.
Algiers is definitely Algeria's largest city.
Algiers is definitely cleaner and cheaper than Cairo.
Algiers is densely populated.
Algiers is developing.
Algiers is dirty and chaotic.
Algiers is enchanting.
Algiers is entirely different.
Algiers is expanding.
Algiers is extending radially.
Algiers is fantastic.
Algiers is forty minutes away.
Algiers is frantic.
Algiers is full of cars.
Algiers is full of flavor.
Algiers is full of mosques.
Algiers is full of people and vehicles.
Algiers is full of vitality.
Algiers is getting bigger and busier.
Algiers is getting bigger.
Algiers is getting rid of its shantytowns.
Algiers is getting rid of its slums.
Algiers is great.
Algiers is growing exponentially.
Algiers is growing fast.
Algiers is growing in all directions.
Algiers is growing like a spider web.
Algiers is growing more beautiful.
Algiers is growing rapidly.
Algiers is growing steadily.
Algiers is growing.
Algiers is half an hour away.
Algiers is home to many Algerian universities.
Algiers is home to more than four million people.
Algiers is home to one of the fiercest driving environments in Algeria.
Algiers is home to one of the oldest botanical gardens in the world.
Algiers is home to the most dynamic urban developments in North Africa.
Algiers is home to the most expensive housing market in Algeria.
Algiers is in Algeria, on the Mediterranean coast.
Algiers is in Algeria.
Algiers is just a stone throw away.
Algiers is just four hours away.
Algiers is just north of us.
Algiers is known as the "White City."
Algiers is known for its colonial architecture.
Algiers is known for its colonial buildings.
Algiers is known for its crippling traffic jams.
Algiers is known for its crippling traffic.
Algiers is known for its intriguing beauty.
Algiers is known for its traditional food.
Algiers is known for its traffic problems.
Algiers is located in northern Algeria.
Algiers is losing its residents.
Algiers is more and more crowded.
Algiers is moving.
Algiers is much more dense.
Algiers is my beloved city.
Algiers is my city.
Algiers is my father's hometown.
Algiers is my favorite city.
Algiers is my favorite place.
Algiers is my kind of place.
Algiers is my town.
Algiers is never still.
Algiers is nicknamed the White City.
Algiers is noisy and chaotic.
Algiers is noisy.
Algiers is not a bad place.
Algiers is not as touristy as Oran.
Algiers is not like Damascus.
Algiers is not very far from here.
Algiers is on the Mediterranean Sea.
Algiers is one of Africa's greatest cities.
Algiers is one of Africa's largest cities.
Algiers is one of Algeria's top tourist destinations.
Algiers is one of the most expensive places in the world to buy a house.
Algiers is one of the most expensive places to build infrastructure.
Algiers is one of the most expensive places to buy a house.
Algiers is one of the most modern metropolises on the African continent.
Algiers is one of the most visited cities in Algeria.
Algiers is one of the richest and most densely populated cities in Algeria.
Algiers is one of the top places to live in Algeria.
Algiers is one of the wealthiest places in Algeria.
Algiers is open for business.
Algiers is our capital.
Algiers is our city.
Algiers is our country's capital and largest city.
Algiers is our country's capital.
Algiers is our country's most populous metropolitan area.
Algiers is our country's most populous urban area.
Algiers is our final destination.
Algiers is our nation's capital and largest city.
Algiers is our nation's capital.
Algiers is our nation's largest city.
Algiers is quite a unique city.
Algiers is relatively comfortable.
Algiers is renovating its old buildings.
Algiers is safer.
Algiers is several hours from Batna.
Algiers is smaller than Paris.
Algiers is so large.
Algiers is socially tolerant.
Algiers is sound asleep.
Algiers is still a good place to live.
Algiers is still growing.
Algiers is still lagging behind the great cities of our times.
Algiers is still special.
Algiers is such a beautiful city.
Algiers is such a wonderful city.
Algiers is super safe.
Algiers is surrounded by the Metidja Plain.
Algiers is the Algerian capital.
Algiers is the beating heart of Algeria's economy.
Algiers is the beating heart of Algeria.
Algiers is the bustling chaotic capital of Algeria.
Algiers is the capital and largest city of Algeria.
Algiers is the capital city of Algeria.
Algiers is the capital of Africa's largest nation, Algeria.
Algiers is the capital of Algeria.
Algiers is the capital of our country.
Algiers is the center of everything in Algeria.
Algiers is the densest city in Algeria.
Algiers is the end of the line.
Algiers is the epicenter of Algeria.
Algiers is the financial hub of Algeria.
Algiers is the gateway to Algeria.
Algiers is the heart of Algeria.
Algiers is the home of many Algerian artists.
Algiers is the largest and most important Algerian city.
Algiers is the largest city in Algeria.
Algiers is the most densely populated district in Algeria.
Algiers is the most exciting place in Algeria.
Algiers is the most populous city in Algeria.
Algiers is the most visited city in Algeria.
Algiers is the perfect place from which you can start to explore the vast country of Algeria.
Algiers is the political and economic center of Algeria.
Algiers is the proud capital of Algeria.
Algiers is the richest city in Algeria.
Algiers is the seat of the Algerian government.
Algiers is the smallest wilaya in all of Algeria.
Algiers is the true melting pot of Algeria.
Algiers is thick with fast food restaurants.
Algiers is thousands of kilometers away.
Algiers is transforming itself.
Algiers is two cities away.
Algiers is undergoing a remarkable makeover.
Algiers is undergoing a transformation.
Algiers is undoubtedly the most surveilled city in Algeria.
Algiers is very beautiful.
Algiers is very busy and noisy all day.
Algiers is very water-dependent.
Algiers is visible from the Blida Atlas Mountains.
Algiers is waiting for us with open arms.
Algiers is warmer than London.
Algiers is warmer than Paris.
Algiers is where I grew up.
Algiers is wonderful. There is no other way to put it.
Algiers isn't quite a sophisticated city.
Algiers isn't so wonderful after all.
Algiers isn't that cold in the winter.
Algiers just can't stop growing.
Algiers looks enormous.
Algiers looks incredible.
Algiers means a lot to me.
Algiers need modern sewage treatment plants.
Algiers needs a better sewer system.
Algiers needs a better transportation system.
Algiers needs a more impressive skyline.
Algiers needs a new mass-transport system.
Algiers needs an advanced traffic control center.
Algiers needs an advanced traffic monitoring system.
Algiers needs an effective trash system.
Algiers needs an extensive metro system.
Algiers needs an extensive subway system.
Algiers needs better sidewalks.
Algiers needs better streets and neighborhoods.
Algiers needs better streets.
Algiers needs better urban planning.
Algiers needs car-free streets.
Algiers needs car-moratorium days.
Algiers needs green streets.
Algiers needs huge parking lots.
Algiers needs its own great mosque.
Algiers needs large car parks.
Algiers needs many sewage treatment plants.
Algiers needs more beautiful and leafy trees.
Algiers needs more forests.
Algiers needs more green spaces.
Algiers needs more libraries.
Algiers needs more parking lots.
Algiers needs more parks.
Algiers needs more people-friendly neighborhoods.
Algiers needs more skyscrapers.
Algiers needs more soccer fields.
Algiers needs more trees.
Algiers needs much more supermarkets.
Algiers needs much more trees.
Algiers needs no-driving days.
Algiers needs smart traffic lights.
Algiers needs sustainable parks.
Algiers needs to attract tourists and make them spend money.
Algiers needs to be a better place.
Algiers needs to be a clean city.
Algiers needs to be improved.
Algiers needs to be made more livable.
Algiers needs to be much more walkable than it is now.
Algiers needs to be one of the cleanest cities in Africa.
Algiers needs to be people-centered instead of being car-centered.
Algiers needs to be rejuvenated.
Algiers needs to become a futuristic city.
Algiers needs to become a modern city.
Algiers needs to become a viable city.
Algiers needs to build new parks.
Algiers needs to create new sanitation laws.
Algiers needs to eliminate traffic jams.
Algiers needs to find a solution to its traffic problem.
Algiers needs to improve its trash system.
Algiers needs to join the rank of the most modern cities in the world.
Algiers needs to keep its historic architecture.
Algiers needs to launch a vast infrastructure modernization program.
Algiers needs to limit pollution and congestion.
Algiers needs to monitor traffic jams more efficiently.
Algiers needs to preserve its green areas.
Algiers needs to recycle its waste water.
Algiers needs to reduce its air pollution.
Algiers needs to repair its old buildings.
Algiers needs to widen its streets.
Algiers needs walkable sidewalks.
Algiers needs walkable streets.
Algiers needs wider ring roads.
Algiers never gets hit by tornadoes.
Algiers never really rests.
Algiers never stands still.
Algiers never stops living and sparkling.
Algiers only has one subway line.
Algiers opened its tram system a few years ago.
Algiers people want quality.
Algiers produces a lot of garbage.
Algiers produces a lot of waste.
Algiers really needs a city dump.
Algiers serves as the capital of independent Algeria.
Algiers should be Algeria's display window.
Algiers should be a healthy city.
Algiers should be a people-centered city instead of being a car-centered city.
Algiers should be one of the greatest cities in the world.
Algiers should be transformed into a 21st century masterpiece.
Algiers should become a cleaner city.
Algiers should become a magnet for tourists.
Algiers should become a model of order and cleanliness.
Algiers should become a world-class metropolitan area.
Algiers should become an efficient city.
Algiers should become an export center.
Algiers should become an investment metropolis.
Algiers should become one of the brightest jewels of the Mediterranean Sea.
Algiers should become one of the cleanest cities in Algeria.
Algiers should build a better trash system.
Algiers should demolish all of its decaying buildings.
Algiers should grow up into the modern age.
Algiers should have a better trash system.
Algiers should have a unique form of modernism.
Algiers should recycle more.
Algiers should reduce its ecological footprint.
Algiers should solve its problems of overpopulation and crime.
Algiers stands as the center of culture in Algeria.
Algiers suffers from congestion.
Algiers suffers from traffic.
Algiers survived many earthquakes.
Algiers survived the Second World War intact.
Algiers used to have countless fountains.
Algiers uses a lot of energy.
Algiers uses a lot of water.
Algiers was a cheap place to live.
Algiers was a huge change but Yanni settled in really well.
Algiers was destroyed by an earthquake in 1716.
Algiers was destroyed by an earthquake in the year 1716.
Algiers was named Ikosim or "seagulls" by the Phoenicians.
Algiers was put on lockdown.
Algiers was so big and lovely.
Algiers was unaffected by the earthquake.
Algiers will be my first stop.
Algiers will soon flourish.
Algiers will take your breath away.
Algiers' Martyrs' Memorial is a huge monument.
Algiers' Martyrs' Memorial is a monument of victory.
Algiers' Martyrs' Memorial is a monument to Algeria's victory on France.
Algiers' Martyrs' Memorial is a symbol of victory.
Algiers' botanical garden is Yanni's favorite hangout.
Algiers' charm lures Algerians from all over the country.
Algiers' development was abruptly halted by the civil war of the 1990s.
Algiers' housing market is very expensive.
Algiers' largest zoo is in Ben Aknoun.
Algiers' population has reached four million people.
Algiers' population tripled.
Algiers' residents are very welcoming.
Algiers' streets are getting congested.
Algiers' trendy boutiques made Martha spin.
Algiers' winters are mild.
Algiers's cemeteries are running out of space.
Algiers's former largest dump was turned into a garden.
Algiers's most famous amusement park is in Benaknoun.
Algiers's most famous amusement park is located in a neighborhood called Benaknoun.
Algiers's sanitation system is relatively good.
Algiers, Algeria's capital, is a beautiful city.
Algiers, Oran, Bejaia, Constantine, Tlemcen, and Ghardaia are some of Algeria's most attractive cities.
Algiers, Oran, and Bejaia are some of Algeria's most attractive cities.
Algiers, the Algerian capital, is also its largest city.
Algiers, the capital city of Algeria, is the nation's largest city, too.
Algiers, the white city, needs to live up to its reputation.
Algiers, where the capital city is located, is the smallest province in all of Algeria.
Algiers? I don't know where that is.
Algiers? That's too expensive. We can't pay for that.
Algorithm execution is not limited to machines. Some advances can be achieved by cooperative behavior.
Algorithms sift through large data sets to detect unexpected patterns.
Algorithms were programmed to gather publicly-available images of New York landmarks from social media.
Algorithms will never beat us.
Ali Amrane is a Kabyle rock singer.
Ali Benhadj is placed under house arrest.
Ali Benhadj is under house arrest.
Ali Benhadj was in prison for being part of a radical group.
Ali Dilem is one of Algeria's most famous cartoonists.
Ali Ghediri was a candidate for the Algerian presidency.
Ali Ideflawen is a Kabyle militant singer.
Ali Wilder, you little vixen.
Ali ate the Ashure his neighbor brought.
Ali ate the Noah's Pudding his neighbor brought.
Ali attended an Iftar meal hosted by Sami.
Ali became a volunteer for TEMA Foundation.
Ali bounced the ball on his foot.
Ali broke his fast with dates and water.
Ali didn't show his hand.
Ali doesn't believe in destiny.
Ali doesn't have a place to sleep.
Ali doesn't have bad habits.
Ali drank black tea.
Ali drank tea with lemon.
Ali drank tea.
Ali drank trotter soup.
Ali got engaged.
Ali graduated from high school remotely.
Ali has a friend.
Ali is Azerbaijani.
Ali is Azeri.
Ali is Bosnian.
Ali is Tatar
Ali is Tunisian Turkish.
Ali is Uzbek.
Ali is a Bosniak.
Ali is a Muslim.
Ali is a Tunisian Turk.
Ali is a born-and-raised Istanbulite.
Ali is a good person.
Ali is a light sleeper. He wakes up at the drop of a pin.
Ali is a native of Istanbul.
Ali is a really aggressive soccer player.
Ali is a selfish player.
Ali is a trueborn Istanbulite.
Ali is a very disciplined player.
Ali is a very sneaky one.
Ali is an Islamist.
Ali is an agnostic.
Ali is an anarcho-capitalist.
Ali is an athletic player.
Ali is an idealist.
Ali is as sly as a fox.
Ali is conservative.
Ali is drunk on love.
Ali is fraudulent.
Ali is idealistic.
Ali is materialistic.
Ali is my big brother.
Ali is my brother.
Ali is my older brother.
Ali is playing the man, not the ball.
Ali knows well what your absence means.
Ali learnt the Persian language in order to be able to read the original text of the Mathnawi of Jalaluddin Rumi.
Ali liked one of my pictures on Facebook.
Ali lost a lot of possesion in second half
Ali made a smiling face to cheer me up.
Ali needs to face his past.
Ali never leaves anyone hungry.
Ali passed me by in a hurry.
Ali passed the ball to Mehmet.
Ali passed the ball to a teammate who was better positioned.
Ali placed the ball on the penalty spot.
Ali plays right back.
Ali pulled his hood up.
Ali put on a smile to cheer me up.
Ali put through his own net.
Ali reacted to my prank with a look that said "very funny, don't do it again".
Ali sang like a nightingale to the police.
Ali scored an own goal.
Ali scored on his own goal.
Ali scored the goal that broke the deadlock of the game.
Ali scored; Anadoluspor won.
Ali sings in wedding halls.
Ali stood the books onto the bookshelf.
Ali stopped smoking.
Ali studied remotely.
Ali tried to save me.
Ali trolled all of us.
Ali was credited with the goal.
Ali went crazy.
Ali went to the TRNC.
Ali will come soon. Put a tea.
Ali works as a conditioner at Anadoluspor.
Ali works as a sports columnist for the newspaper.
Ali's daughter is going to university in another city.
Ali's grandfather cooked and sold toast.
Ali's grandfather gave injections to patients.
Ali's grandfather is a tea vendor.
Ali's grandfather made Islamic amulets.
Ali's grandfather made and traded toys.
Ali's grandfather made canes.
Ali's grandfather made signs.
Ali's grandfather made wreaths.
Ali's grandfather played drums.
Ali's grandfather traded fabrics.
Ali's grandfather traded vegetables.
Ali's grandfather traded watermelons.
Ali's grandfather was Chaldean.
Ali's grandfather was Jewish.
Ali's grandfather was Serbian.
Ali's grandfather was a Frenchman.
Ali's grandfather was a Member of Parliament.
Ali's grandfather was a cobbler.
Ali's grandfather was a corn trader.
Ali's grandfather was a fisherman.
Ali's grandfather was a funeral inventory trader.
Ali's grandfather was a gardener.
Ali's grandfather was a healer.
Ali's grandfather was a kebab cooker.
Ali's grandfather was a painter.
Ali's grandfather was a preacher.
Ali's grandfather was a smith.
Ali's grandfather was a teacher.
Ali's grandfather was an Armenian.
Ali's grandfather was an ice cream trader.
Ali's grandpa was a lathe operator.
Ali's grandpa was a pharmacist.
Ali's grandpa was a shoeshiner.
Ali's grandpa was a solderer.
Ali's grandpa was an imam.
Ali's lottery coupon won him a prize of 150 to 1.
Alice Waters opened Chez Panisse in Berkeley, California, in 1971.
Alice and Mary are attending physicians at a teaching hospital.
Alice and Mary are residents at a teaching hospital.
Alice danced gracefully.
Alice did not see the dog.
Alice did not see this dog.
Alice didn't see the dog.
Alice didn't walk to the market.
Alice didnt see the dog.
Alice didnt walk to the market.
Alice doesn't like pears.
Alice felt something hard melt in her heart.
Alice goes to bed at ten.
Alice had no idea that Tom was already married to Mary.
Alice has a cat.
Alice has a flower in her hair.
Alice has a flower on her head.
Alice has had a cold since last Sunday.
Alice has stunning legs.
Alice has tried to lose weight.
Alice hung her head in shame.
Alice is Mary's dearest friend.
Alice is Mary's wife.
Alice is a British citizen.
Alice is a member of The Satanic Temple.
Alice is an English citizen.
Alice is jealous of Tom for stealing the spotlight.
Alice is my mother.
Alice is playing tennis at the moment.
Alice is running to catch her bus.
Alice is sleeping in her room.
Alice is sleeping in my room.
Alice is still on maternity leave.
Alice is the best friend of Maria.
Alice is wearing a sweet-smelling perfume.
Alice learned how to write in Korean.
Alice makes a cake.
Alice may possibly come.
Alice might have been there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
Alice might have been there yesterday, but we didnt see her.
Alice might've been there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
Alice really existed, but Wonderland is a fictional place.
Alice really likes chocolate, like all little girls.
Alice returned home early from work with a severe headache.
Alice rushed into her room.
Alice said that she fantasized having sex with a werewolf.
Alice sleeps in her room.
Alice slid down the long slide.
Alice smiled.
Alice started being noticed a lot more after she had her hair cut short.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversations?"
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'
Alice was frightened of her strict mother.
Alice was unfaithful to Eric.
Alice wasn't listening to her sister.
Alice wasn't present at the meeting, was she?
Alice wasnt listening to her sister.
Alice wasnt present at the meeting, was she?
Alice wears a sweet perfume.
Alice went to bed at ten.
Alice will tell you that in Wonderland everything is topsy-turvy.
Alice! a childish story take, / And with a gentle hand / Lay it where Childhood's dreams are twined / In Memory's mystic band, / Like pilgrim's wither'd wreath of flowers / Pluck'd in a far-off land.
Alice, I forgive you because I love you.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
Alicia tried to stay awake until her mother came home.
Alicia was a short fifty-year-old woman with laughing eyes who was terrified of needles.
Alien worms were slithering around inside the deer's belly.
Alienation is a common theme of twentieth-century literature.
Alienation is the only thing I understand about Marxism.
Aliens are always finding ways to catch me in their traps.
Aliens are always on my look-out.
Aliens are among us!
Aliens are closely watching me and my every move.
Aliens are often depicted with dark, almond-shaped eyes.
Aliens are real.
Aliens came to Earth many years ago to share all their knowledge with the earthlings, but at a certain point they decided to go away and didn't come back again.
Aliens controlled Earth's progress in secret.
Aliens don't exist, according to scientists.
Aliens had the power to avert war on Earth.
Aliens have always looked after me and have always chased me wherever I went.
Aliens have landed in Central Park.
Aliens have landed on Earth.
Aliens have something special to reveal to me.
Aliens have telepathically revealed to me the esoteric meaning of each word of this cereal box.
Aliens landed on Earth.
Aliens outnumbered Ziris army.
Aliens prevented a major war on Earth by hidden manipulation.
Aliens somehow want me to achieve a bigger-than-life mission on this planet.
Aliens were hunting humans.
Aliens will land on Earth.
Aliens will make amazing revelations about my own life very soon.
Align all the soldiers for their daily checkup.
Align the jars.
Align your step with the lion's, you will know serenity.
Align yourself with the Will to Unify...
Aliph is the first letter of the Arabic alphabet.
Alison can't cook.
Alison cannot cook.
Alistair had a little bit to eat before he went home.
Alister killed Barbara.
Alive as a cell can be, an easy death that it meets. Healthy a human can be, and with time death heeds. Society blooming with progress, will devolve with regression. A planet abundant in uniqueness, that can end with bleakness. Complex systems that existed, left traceless as black holes prevail. An interconnected sophisticated universe will end up confiscated and left darkened. I wonder, I can exist once and disappear, but will I ever exist again?
Alive or dead, I'll always love you.
Alix Turner sees his sheep farm in this rolling corner of New South Wales as a giant carbon sponge. He rotates his 1800 sheep through a series of fields. As a result Turner says the land is not overgrazed and can absorb greater levels of carbon dioxide.
Alkalis neutralize acids.
Alkmaar is famous for its cheese market.
All 30 people on board died.
All 300 passengers and the crew survived the crash.
All Alberto could see was the pale face of that old lady as she stood in the dark.
All Algerian leaders have assets abroad, residences, bank accounts and even foreign passports while they use Algerian nationalism which is artificial against the Kabyle people who are accused of all the evils that Algeria is suffering.
All Algerian men have to do their military service.
All Algerian men have to do their military time.
All Algerian neighborhoods are dirty except where the generals live.
All Algerian opponents are actually supporters of the Algerian government because they participate in all its votes in order to claim some seats and some privileges.
All Algerian presidents are puppets of ignorant and corrupt generals. But both are inbred.
All Algerian women like Kabyle dresses.
All Algerians agree on that regardless of their beliefs.
All Algerians care about their country's national unity.
All Algerians dream of owning a big house.
All Algerians eat couscous.
All Algerians fast during Ramadan including in Kabylie.
All Algerians want better living conditions.
All Algerians want their salaries to raise.
All American bills are similar in color.
All American conservatives do is call people pedophiles. It's massive projection, as their party is the one keeping it legal to marry 12-year-olds in many states.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
All Americans think they are going to be millionaires some day.
All Americans think they're going to be millionaires some day.
All Arab countries are underdeveloped.
All Arab countries do not respect any human rights.
All Arab countries want Israel to disappear. Just as all of Algeria thinks only of the annihilation of Kabylia. Two distinct peoples but the same fate!
All Claudio could see was black.
All Dan's belongings are gone.
All Daniel cared about was the game.
All Earth life forms are based on chains of carbon atoms bonded with oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen and other elements.
All Enrico could do was wait and hope for the best.
All Esperanto speakers are on an equal footing!
All Europeans want is a merry and bright Christmas season, just like the ones they used to know.
All Europeans want is a merry and bright Christmas season.
All Finns love their language.
All Flavio got was junk mail.
All French people wear berets.
All Frisians live by the sea.
All Gaul is divided into three parts, of which the first is inhabited by the Belgians, another by the Aquitaines, and the third by those who are called Celts in their language, and Gauls in ours.
All Gaul is divided into three parts.
All German nouns are written with the first letter capitalized.
All I am I owe to my mother.
All I ask in return is to be left in peace.
All I ask is that you show up on time.
All I ask of you is a little patience.
All I ate for breakfast was blueberries.
All I ate was a banana.
All I ate was bananas.
All I ate was bread.
All I ate was soup.
All I ate yesterday was one apple.
All I bought was bread.
All I can ask is that you do your best.
All I can do at the moment is sit here and listen.
All I can do at the moment is wait.
All I can do at this point is pray for them.
All I can do is keep working.
All I can do is to do my best.
All I can do is to give her advice.
All I can do is to work silently.
All I can do is try my best.
All I can do is try.
All I can do is wait.
All I can do is work in silence.
All I can hear is mumbling.
All I can promise is that I'll do my best.
All I can promise is to do my best.
All I can really remember is that Tom wasn't wearing shoes.
All I can say is thank you.
All I can say is that I'd rather not go.
All I can say is, "well, yeah, duh."
All I can say is, amazing.
All I can say to that is that it's exactly as you say.
All I can see through the window grille is part of a bare concrete wall.
All I can tell you is it had something to do with a guy named Tom.
All I can think about is next month's holiday. I haven't had one for so long.
All I can think about is next month's vacation. I haven't been on one in so long.
All I can think about is next months vacation. I havent been on one in so long.
All I care about is survival.
All I care about is that you help me find him and to know that nothing bad happened to him.
All I care about is the truth.
All I could do was cry.
All I could do was smile.
All I could do was wait.
All I could mumble in response was that when I was a man of fifty, my mother would lean out of the window when I left and remind me not to drive too fast.
All I could see was fog.
All I could see was the flickering lights.
All I could think about was Mary.
All I could think about was Tom.
All I could think about was you.
All I did during my vacation was play golf.
All I did today was play games.
All I did was ask Mary if she was happy.
All I did was ask Tom and Mary if they were happy.
All I did was ask Tom if he was happy.
All I did was ask him to help me, and he started shouting at me.
All I did was change how I feel.
All I did was change how I was thinking.
All I did was for the love of a woman.
All I did was repeat what Tom told me.
All I did was run a little and now my knees are wobbly.
All I did was stretch the truth a little.
All I did was tell you what Tom told me.
All I did was think about you.
All I did was try to protect you.
All I do is think about you.
All I do is think of you.
All I do is work.
All I drank was a cup of coffee.
All I drank was coffee.
All I ever think about is being with Tom.
All I ever wanted to do was to go fishing.
All I ever wanted to do was to make you smile.
All I ever wanted was to be loved.
All I ever wanted was to just be left alone.
All I feel is anger.
All I found are pictures of you.
All I found in the pantry was a sack of hard bread.
All I found is a pair of scissors.
All I had for breakfast was a cup of coffee.
All I had in my pocket was a bus ticket and thirty dollars.
All I had left to eat was some bread and butter.
All I had to do was sit there and say nothing.
All I had to do was stand there.
All I have are questions.
All I have is a book.
All I have is books.
All I have is my reputation.
All I have is my wounded body and a handful of bad memories.
All I have is one book.
All I have left in the fridge is butter.
All I have left is three dollars.
All I have now are memories.
All I have to do is open the windows.
All I have to do is to do my job.
All I have to do is wait.
All I have to do tomorrow is written on the paper.
All I know about Mary is that she's a teacher.
All I know about Tom and Mary are that they're teachers.
All I know about Tom and Mary is that they're teachers.
All I know about Tom is that he's a teacher.
All I know about Tom is that hes a teacher.
All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it.
All I know is he doesn't want to work with you anymore.
All I know is he's a good guy.
All I know is that I do not know everything.
All I know is that I don't know anything.
All I know is that I know nothing.
All I know is that I was drunk.
All I know is that I will take away the lives of both my parents someday.
All I know is that I'm going to get my parents killed someday.
All I know is that Tom and Mary are supposed to be here by 2:30.
All I know is that Tom and Mary were at school that day.
All I know is that Tom and Mary were here with me at 2:30.
All I know is that Tom and Mary weren't here.
All I know is that Tom is a boy at Mary's school.
All I know is that Tom is supposed to be here by 2:30.
All I know is that Tom was at school that day.
All I know is that Tom was here with me at 2:30.
All I know is that Tom wasn't here.
All I know is that he came from China.
All I know is that he was at a party.
All I know is that she left last week.
All I know is that she left yesterday.
All I know is that something happened that scared the kids to death.
All I know is that we lost time.
All I know is that we love each other.
All I know is we love each other.
All I know is what I read in the papers.
All I need is a break.
All I need is a decent pillow.
All I need is a few minutes.
All I need is a good pillow.
All I need is a little more time?
All I need is a sharp knife.
All I need is about three hundred dollars.
All I need is about three hundred more dollars.
All I need is another three hundred dollars.
All I need is enough money to buy food.
All I need is just a little more time.
All I need is one more chance.
All I need is one more.
All I need is one.
All I need is some hot water, soap and a towel.
All I need is some rest.
All I need is some stimulation, you see.
All I need is the mask, and my costume is complete.
All I need is thirty minutes.
All I need is three more days.
All I need is to get an eighty or better on the test, right? Easy!
All I need is your signature, right here.
All I need to fix this is a screwdriver.
All I need to know about Tom is his phone number and email address.
All I need to know about life, I learned from a snowman.
All I need to know is that you're OK.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
All I needed in this moment was a good cry, I just needed to let it all out.
All I really need to know in life I learned on Tatoeba.
All I really want is to be left alone.
All I really want to do is just sit here and read.
All I really want to do is talk to Tom.
All I really wanted to do was to spend time with Tom.
All I remember about him is that he was a rebellious teen.
All I said was I needed to get some fresh air.
All I said was it's better than my boobs!
All I saw was an apple.
All I think about is you.
All I want for Christmas is a guitar.
All I want for Christmas is a new tattoo.
All I want for Christmas is a puppy.
All I want is a chance to apologize.
All I want is a chance to do something for Tom.
All I want is a chance to help.
All I want is a chance to say I'm sorry.
All I want is a cup of coffee and a piece of toast.
All I want is a hug.
All I want is a job to support my family.
All I want is a washing machine.
All I want is an opportunity.
All I want is another chance to do that.
All I want is another three hundred dollars.
All I want is directions.
All I want is for Tom to be happy here.
All I want is for others to accept me for who I am.
All I want is for you to be happy.
All I want is freedom.
All I want is money.
All I want is my freedom.
All I want is peace and quiet.
All I want is some breakfast.
All I want is some camaraderie.
All I want is some companionship.
All I want is some free time.
All I want is some serenity.
All I want is someone special in my life.
All I want is the antidote.
All I want is the truth.
All I want is to be alone for a few months.
All I want is to be happy.
All I want is to be left alone.
All I want is to be with my family.
All I want is to get rid of you.
All I want is to make you happy.
All I want is to speak with you.
All I want is to talk to Tom.
All I want is what's mine.
All I want is what's rightfully mine.
All I want is you.
All I want is your cat.
All I want is your love.
All I want now is a glass of water.
All I want now is a hot shower and a good night's sleep.
All I want now is a little sleep.
All I want out of General McClellan is a victory, and if to hold his horse will bring it, I will gladly hold his horse.
All I want to do during the dog days is stay indoors and keep out of the sun.
All I want to do is close my eyes and get some sleep.
All I want to do is finish what I started.
All I want to do is get back home.
All I want to do is get out of here.
All I want to do is get warm.
All I want to do is go fishing.
All I want to do is go to bed.
All I want to do is hang out with you guys.
All I want to do is make you happy.
All I want to do is sing.
All I want to do is sit here and drink this bottle of wine with you.
All I want to do is sit here.
All I want to do is spend time with Tom.
All I want to do is to make you happy.
All I want to do is to play guitar with Tom's band.
All I want to do now is get back to work.
All I want to do now is sleep for a bit.
All I want to do now is sleep.
All I want to do right now is sit here and relax.
All I want to do right now is sleep.
All I want to know is where Tom is.
All I want to know is why.
All I want you to do is sit there and not say anything.
All I want you to do is talk to us.
All I wanted for Christmas was a new G.I. Joe action figure.
All I wanted to do was cry.
All I wanted to do was get some sleep.
All I wanted to do was get something to eat.
All I wanted to do was hold her close to me.
All I wanted to do was hold him in my arms.
All I wanted to do was kiss Tom.
All I wanted to do was kiss her.
All I wanted to do was sit down.
All I wanted to do was sit there quietly and think.
All I wanted to do was sleep.
All I wanted to do was to go home and cry.
All I wanted to hear was "I love you".
All I wanted was a kiss from you.
All I wanted was a little bit more attention.
All I wanted was a little more attention.
All I wanted was some peace and quiet.
All I wanted was something to eat.
All I wanted was to be with you.
All I wanted was to conquer the world. Was that too much to ask?
All I wanted was to make you happy.
All I was doing was trying to help.
All I was doing was trying to protect my children.
All I watch is let's plays with text-to-speech narration.
All I'm asking you is to listen to the very end of my argument, please.
All I'm asking you to do is tell Tom to come here.
All I'm interested in is facts.
All I'm interested in is justice.
All I'm looking for a little peace and quiet.
All I'm saying is I want to go home.
All I'm saying is be careful.
All I'm suggesting is that we try to help Tom as much as we can.
All I'm trying to do is help.
All I've eaten today is one sandwich.
All I've got in the fridge is butter.
All I've seen Tom offer is vibes.
All Italian journalists are a bunch of hypocrites.
All Jack does is sleep.
All Jacob ever does is co-sign your bullshit.
All Jacob ever does is cosign your bullshit.
All James could do was babble.
All Japan is excited.
All Jews are messianic, but no Jews are Christian.
All Jews were expelled from Buda after its recapture by Hungary.
All John had were pictures of his mom.
All Kabyle scientists support the project for the independence of Kabylia.
All Kabyles are Berbers, but not all Berbers are Kabyles!
All Kalman heard was his own footsteps.
All Lajos had on him was his wallet.
All Layla wanted was love.
All Lukas could do was run.
All Martino could do was scream.
All Mary ever was for Tom was a stopgap for when Jane didn't have time for him.
All Mary has left for Tom is scorn and derision.
All Mary told me was that she was unhappy.
All Mary told me was that she wouldn't be at the meeting.
All Mary wanted was for Tom to leave her alone.
All Mary wanted was for Tom to love her as much as she loved him.
All Mary wanted was someone to love her.
All Mary wanted was to spend some time with her family.
All Mary's friends warned her that Tom was only after her money.
All Matthew could see was snow and blackness.
All Matthew's clothes were dark.
All Mennad wanted to do was die.
All Mennad wanted was a little cake.
All Muslims are terrorists.
All Muslims like Ramadan.
All Muslims should defend the al-Aqsa Mosque.
All Northern Berber dialects are fully mutually intelligible.
All Oleg could do was call Rima and warn her.
All Pietro had to do was wait.
All Putinists support genocide and the rape of children.
All Rima needs now is a man.
All Romans wanted to have children, because children kept the family name, worshipped the family gods, and strengthened the "paternal power".
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes and hope for a miracle.
All Sami does is bring shame to his parents.
All Sami does is stare at your legs.
All Sami wanted was his share of the good life.
All Sami wants is the truth.
All Steve wants to do is have fun.
All Tibetans over 25 years of age, have the right to run for office for the Parliament of exiled Tibetans.
All Tobias did was playing video games.
All Tom and Mary care about is money.
All Tom and Mary do is complain.
All Tom and Mary do is eat.
All Tom and Mary do is play games.
All Tom and Mary do is play video games and watch TV.
All Tom and Mary do is play video games.
All Tom and Mary do is read.
All Tom and Mary do is sleep.
All Tom and Mary do is watch TV.
All Tom and Mary do nowadays is study.
All Tom and Mary do nowadays is swim.
All Tom and Mary ever do is complain.
All Tom and Mary ever do is play games.
All Tom and Mary ever do is watch TV.
All Tom and Mary ever drink is water.
All Tom and Mary ever want to do is talk.
All Tom and Mary ever want to do is watch TV.
All Tom and Mary have to do tomorrow is go to school.
All Tom and Mary need is a little love and affection.
All Tom and Mary think about is making money.
All Tom and Mary told me was that they were unhappy.
All Tom and Mary told me was that they wouldn't be at the meeting.
All Tom and Mary want is to be left alone.
All Tom and Mary want to do is fish.
All Tom and Mary want to do is swim.
All Tom and Mary wanted was for John to leave them alone.
All Tom and Mary wanted was to spend some time with their families.
All Tom ate was a slice of stale bread.
All Tom ate was bananas.
All Tom ate was one slice of bread.
All Tom ate was three slices of bread.
All Tom can think about is Mary.
All Tom can think about is food.
All Tom can think about is sleep.
All Tom cared about was his children.
All Tom cares about is himself.
All Tom cares about is money.
All Tom could do was fake it.
All Tom could do was sit and wait.
All Tom could envision was her gold anklet jingling against her bronze skin.
All Tom did during dinner was talk about his fishing trip.
All Tom did was eat.
All Tom did was smile.
All Tom did was watch TV all day.
All Tom does all day is eat and sleep.
All Tom does all day is play games.
All Tom does all day is watch TV.
All Tom does all day long is play the guitar.
All Tom does all day long is watch TV.
All Tom does is complain.
All Tom does is eat.
All Tom does is play games.
All Tom does is play video games and watch TV.
All Tom does is play video games.
All Tom does is play.
All Tom does is read.
All Tom does is sleep.
All Tom does is watch TV.
All Tom does is work.
All Tom does nowadays is study.
All Tom does nowadays is swim.
All Tom eats is rice.
All Tom eats is vegetables.
All Tom ever does is complain.
All Tom ever does is order me around.
All Tom ever does is play games.
All Tom ever does is watch TV.
All Tom ever drinks is water.
All Tom ever talks about is Mary.
All Tom ever talks about is his job.
All Tom ever wanted was to make Mary proud.
All Tom ever wants to do is talk.
All Tom ever wants to do is watch TV.
All Tom had for breakfast was a banana and some milk.
All Tom had to do was just sit there and say nothing.
All Tom had to do was remain quiet.
All Tom had to do was talk to me.
All Tom had to tell them was no.
All Tom has to do is be there. He doesn't need to say anything.
All Tom has to do tomorrow is go to school.
All Tom left was a note.
All Tom needed was a little more time.
All Tom needed was money.
All Tom needed was some more time.
All Tom needed was some space.
All Tom needed was time.
All Tom needs is a computer.
All Tom needs is a little love and affection.
All Tom needs is a little more money.
All Tom needs is a little more time.
All Tom needs is rest.
All Tom needs is time.
All Tom needs now is good health care.
All Tom really needed was a hug.
All Tom really needed was about ten dollars.
All Tom really needed was to be left alone.
All Tom really wanted was a place to sit down and rest.
All Tom really wanted was glass of water.
All Tom really wanted was something to eat.
All Tom seems to care about is making money.
All Tom seems to want is money.
All Tom talks about is baseball.
All Tom talks about is videogames.
All Tom thinks about is football. No wonder he got another F in maths!
All Tom thinks about is making money.
All Tom thinks about is soccer. No wonder he failed math!
All Tom told me was that he was unhappy.
All Tom told me was that he wouldn't be at the meeting.
All Tom wanted to do was eat.
All Tom wanted to do was help.
All Tom wanted to do was play.
All Tom wanted was a cheeseburger.
All Tom wanted was a drink.
All Tom wanted was a little sleep.
All Tom wanted was a nice hot bath.
All Tom wanted was eight hours of uninterrupted sleep.
All Tom wanted was enough money to buy something to eat.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to learn to get along with John.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to leave him alone.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to love him as much as he loved her.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to play a couple of tunes on her ukulele.
All Tom wanted was love.
All Tom wanted was some free time.
All Tom wanted was some peace and quiet.
All Tom wanted was someone to love him.
All Tom wanted was something to eat.
All Tom wanted was to be with Mary.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he could give.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he had to give.
All Tom wanted was to go home and go to bed.
All Tom wanted was to go home.
All Tom wanted was to spend some time with his family.
All Tom wants is a cheeseburger.
All Tom wants is an opportunity.
All Tom wants is love.
All Tom wants is money.
All Tom wants is the truth.
All Tom wants is to be left alone.
All Tom wants is to be rich and famous.
All Tom wants is to feel safe.
All Tom wants is to live a quiet life.
All Tom wants to do is fish.
All Tom wants to do is swim.
All Tom wants to do is talk about Mary.
All Tom wants to do is work.
All Tom's clothes are made by his mother.
All Tom's jokes fell flat.
All Tom's problems are solved.
All Tom's problems have just been solved.
All Trump did when he was president was watch TV, which he called "executive time."
All Vladimir could think about was that kiss.
All Yanni eats is figs.
All Yanni knows to do is call the police.
All Yanni talks about is cars.
All Yanni wanted to do was sleep.
All Ziri and Rima do is kiss.
All Ziri cares about is his own problems.
All Ziri could say was: "I don't know."
All Ziri could see was a sea of darkness.
All Ziri could see was blackness.
All Ziri could see was pure terror in Rima's eyes.
All Ziri did was laze around on the couch.
All Ziri does is criticize.
All Ziri ever talks about is cats.
All Ziri ever wanted was to be a normal man.
All Ziri needs is about a 1000 Berber words to speak the language fluently.
All Ziri needs is hot water and salt.
All Ziri needs is some support to stand up.
All Ziri needs to do is to keep an eye on the pot.
All Ziri said was that he would take care of it.
All Ziri wanted to do was to get away from that thing.
All Ziri wanted was to punish Rima.
All Ziri wants is some privacy.
All Ziri's anger bubbled up to the surface.
All Ziri's students gathered around as he was taking his shahada.
All Ziri's videos are on YouTube.
All aboard!
All aboard, please! The train is about to leave.
All aboard, please! The train is leaving right away.
All across New York City teachers, librarians and community leaders are promoting programs to encourage children to read during their summer vacations.
All across the park, birds are singing.
All acts against nature are decadence. The most decadent of men are priests: they teach that which is against nature. Debating isn't effective against priests, only prison is.
All adults were children first.
All afternoon a violent storm scoured the little town's streets.
All agencies should adopt a presumption in favor of disclosure, in order to renew their commitment to the principles embodied in FOIA, and to usher in a new era of open Government.
All agencies should use modern technology to inform citizens about what is known and done by their Government.
All ages are welcome.
All agree with you.
All agree.
All agreed that the spot was fatal to the Ravenswood family; and that to drink of the waters of the well, or even approach its brink, was ominous to a descendant of that house.
All airworthiness directives must be complied with for an aircraft to remain airworthy.
All along the Seine, there are lamps.
All androids are robots.
All animal components used in food production should be indicated on the label.
All animals and all human beings want to be free and happy.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
All animals are equal.
All animals have an even number of feet.
All animals like their nests.
All animals should go naked.
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
All answers must be written according to the instructions.
All any of us can do is find our own purpose.
All apartments in that building are silent.
All appeared to be back to normal.
All appeared to be on track, but the mood in the mission control room changed in the final moments when the lander was about 2 kilometers away from the lunar surface.
All apples are red.
All applicants in music must audition.
All applicants must be citizens of Bangladesh.
All are concerned with changing the role of women in contemporary society.
All are dead.
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law. All are entitled to equal protection against all types of discrimination in violation of this Declaration and against any incitement to any form of discrimination.
All are equal.
All are equally important.
All are fated to die. However, you can't decide how and when you die.
All are fated to die. However, you cant decide how and when you die.
All are good options.
All are happy in my family.
All are happy.
All are interested in Japan.
All are likely to be dismissed from the armed forces, and there is as yet no indication that their insubordination will spark a military coup.
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher.
All are present.
All are welcome.
All are welcomed.
All are well at home.
All around are hills and valleys covered with snow.
All around are snow-covered hills and valleys to be seen.
All around is silence.
All around the walls hung pictures, and by the great stove stood large Chinese vases with lions on the covers; there were rocking-chairs, silken sofas, great tables covered with picture-books, and toys worth a hundred times a hundred dollars, at least the children said so.
All around the world, people were shocked.
All around were herds of beautiful cattle cropping the rich herbage or listlessly lolling under trees - horses, goats and swine seen in every direction attending to the cravings of Nature - on the lochs wild duck abundant and now and then the solitary heron could be seen, standing motionless in shallow water.
All around you can see hills and valleys covered with snow.
All around, as far as the eye could reach, nothing could be seen but fields of ice, in which the ship remained stuck fast.
All around, butterflies are fluttering.
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.
All art is quite useless.
All arts' aim is no other than entertainment.
All ashore!
All astronauts go into space with 20/20 vision, but few come back that way.
All at once I saw a human form in the distance, and, to my surprise, soon recognized that the traveler was a woman.
All at once it began to rain heavily.
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.
All at once the bride burst into laughter.
All at once the lights went out.
All at once the ship left the pier.
All at once the sky became dark and it started to rain.
All at once there was an explosion.
All at once they began to laugh.
All at once they fell silent.
All at once we heard a shot outside.
All at once we heard a shot.
All at once, I heard a cry.
All at once, I heard a scream.
All at once, I heard a shrill cry.
All at once, I saw two figures: one a little man who was stumping along eastward at a good walk, and the other a girl of maybe eight or ten who was running as hard as she was able down a cross street.
All at once, I was forced to take an attitude that would change my life forever.
All at once, he spoke out.
All at once, something happened.
All at once, the Buddhist priest burst into laughter, spoiling the solemn atmosphere.
All at the same time, the lights went out.
All attempts failed.
All attempts to photograph a donkey smoking a cigar failed.
All attempts to rescue Tom have failed.
All attempts to speak German are excellent.
All attention was focused on the stands.
All attention was riveted on the stands.
All babies are cute.
All babies cry.
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.
All baggage is subject to inspection.
All bar one of the delegates were in favour of the proposal.
All bears love honey.
All became blurry and Ziri blacked out.
All became hushed and still on board the ship.
All bedrooms are charming and spacious.
All beginnings are difficult.
All beings are beautiful.
All beings strive for good, but not all of them recognize the truth.
All belongs to all.
All bets are off.
All big cities have traffic problems.
All big cities have transportation problems.
All bills kept on premises are marked.
All birds are bipedal.
All birds breathe with lungs.
All birds build nests.
All birds come from eggs.
All birds come from inside an egg.
All birds have beaks.
All birds have begun nests, except me and you. What are we waiting for now?
All birds have feathers.
All birds have wings.
All bodies are regarded by the physicist as a congeries of atoms.
All bodies have some fat.
All books can be divided into two categories.
All books may be divided into two classes.
All boxes need to be labelled.
All boys are the same.
All boys like to play baseball.
All boys were crazy about Layla.
All boys were in love with Julia.
All brides are beautiful on their wedding days.
All bugs should be fixed today before we leave.
All but Jim came.
All but Mike were present at the party.
All but Tom were present.
All but for he are here.
All but him were present.
All but one of 8 planets of the Sun lack life.
All but one of Tom's classmates came to his birthday party.
All but one of the people were rescued.
All but one was present.
All but one was there.
All but one were present.
All but one were there.
All but she answered the question.
All but the boy were asleep.
All but the hopelessly reactionary will agree that to conserve our primary resources of man power, government must have some control over maximum hours, minimum wages, the evil of child labor and the exploitation of unorganized labor.
All but three of the astronauts are space flight veterans.
All but three of the cars in the parking lot were white.
All but two members of the Conservative Party lost their seats in a federal election. One wag joked that their entire caucus could now meet in a telephone booth.
All but two people were present there.
All but you are wrong.
All camp counselors have colorful uniforms and boots to be recognized with.
All cats are beautiful.
All cats are good cats.
All cats are gray in the dark.
All cats are grey in the dark.
All cats dream of mice.
All cats like milk.
All cetaceans (whales, dolphins, and porpoises), all sirenians (manatees and dugongs) and several marine carnivores (seals, otters, walrus, and polar bears) are protected under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).
All cetaceans give birth to live offspring.
All change, please!
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
All charges were dismissed.
All children are honest.
All children are potential geniuses.
All children are safe.
All children can be naughty sometimes.
All children crave violence, but while boys' toys create an easy outlet for that, girls have to add the violence themselves.
All children do not like apples.
All children have genius; the problem is getting it to come out.
All children have the magical power to transform themselves into whatever they want.
All children in Japan go to school.
All children in the PRC learn the Roman alphabet for phonemic pinyin.
All children like to play.
All children love to run and skip.
All children need stimulation.
All children want to play.
All children will go to school.
All citizens should respect the law.
All civilizations must fall.
All civilized countries are against war.
All class, line up! It's time to go outside!
All classes are canceled due to renovation.
All classes are in French.
All classes are open to the public.
All classes here are taught in French.
All classes, please note: lessons are cancelled today from the third period onwards.
All clothing becomes unisex when you stop being a coward.
All club members and their spouses are invited to attend this event.
All coats of arms must have gold or silver.
All collectors of out of the way books know the pleasure of the exercise of serendipity, but they enjoy it in different ways.
All colours are beautiful.
All colours will agree in the dark.
All comes to the same thing.
All commercial flights will be grounded until the end of the month.
All commercial goods and packages from abroad go through customs.
All communication is translation.
All communication of the contents of the mind is language, communication in words being only a particular case of human language.
All communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off.
All communication with the mainland was cut off by the typhoon.
All compounded things are subject to decay.
All containing news of his concerts and various activities.
All contributions are tax deductible.
All conversation involves the encoding and decoding of information.
All cops are bastards.
All cops are pigs.
All countries are fake.
All countries have a responsibility to preserve the ancestral relics of every people group within their borders, and to pass these on to the coming generations.
All countries have their embassies in the capital.
All countries need an exit strategy.
All countries spy on each other.
All courses are conducted in French.
All creatures are beautiful.
All creatures drink joy at the breast of nature; all good, all evil follow her trail of roses.
All credit to him.
All crewmembers were able to escape unharmed.
All cultures have flaws.
All dates are tentative.
All day I had been wandering through the mystic groves of the hollow; thinking thoughts I need not discuss, and conversing with things I need not name.
All day I practise the clarinet, but I just don't get any better.
All day I turned these facts over in my mind.
All day I went over the events in my memory.
All day at school, Boldi thought only about Martha.
All day it rained. The building work had to be stopped.
All day long I tried to memorize a Japanese sentence.
All day long there was a steady stream of people going in and out of the bank.
All day long they discussed what had happened.
All day long they talked about what had happened.
All day long they talked over what had happened.
All day long today I have been waiting impatiently for you.
All day long, he did nothing but lament.
All day long, they look at each other; at night, they hug. What could it be? These are the door panels.
All day long.
All day my stomach has been in knots and I've been feeling like I'm gonna puke.
All day she thought of nothing but how she should get rid of the twins; and at last an evil idea came into her head, and she determined to send them out into the great gloomy wood where a wicked witch lived.
All day, I have been strangely preoccupied with thoughts of my hometown.
All day, my mum has been in front of the TV.
All days lead to death: the last one arrives at him.
All deliberation aimeth at action and dependeth on action; and thus deliberation goeth before all choice, and choice before all action.
All demolition charges have been deactivated.
All depositors with over 100,000 in Southern Cypriot banks will now have to pay 9.9 percent levy on their savings as part of a 10 billion bailout plan agreed on Friday, March 15.
All details of the project have a reason for existence.
All devices were working properly.
All dialects are equal.
All dictionaries contain errors.
All doctors say something to please their patients.
All doctors say what their patients want them to.
All dogs are animals. However, that doesn't mean that all animals are dogs.
All dogs are faithful.
All dogs are good dogs.
All dogs need lots of love.
All donations are tax deductible.
All doors have been closed.
All dreams are ephemeral.
All dreams are lies.
All dreams are temporary.
All dreams don't last long.
All drivers have an obligation to know the meaning of traffic signals.
All drivers should obey the rules of the road.
All drugs of addiction increase the release of dopamine in the brain.
All during my trip I could not keep you out of my mind.
All dwarves are bastards in their father's eyes.
All economic models have flaws.
All economic problems would be solved, if they made complacency taxable.
All educated Americans, first or last, go to Europe.
All efforts are destined to fail when God has other plans.
All efforts have been unavailing.
All eight prisoners were found guilty.
All elections are important. But we know in our bones this one is more consequential.
All electronic devices must be checked with the guard.
All eleven females were pregnant with the magician's seed.
All eloquence must come from an emotion, and by itself every emotion causes eloquence.
All eloquence must come from an inner emotion, and by itself every emotion causes eloquence.
All emotions, and that one particularly, were abhorrent to his cold, precise but admirably balanced mind.
All empires must fall.
All employees had to memorize the access code.
All employees received a cost-of-living allowance this year.
All entities are pulsating, from tiny elementary particles to giant galaxies.
All entrances and exits are closed.
All entries are subject to review once added.
All equipment must be sanitized.
All essays must be handed in on time.
All evening, though I tried to think of other things, my mind would turn to the apparition at the window.
All events and persons in the following program are fictional. Any similarity to real events or persons is purely coincidental.
All evidence of that paranormal incident has vanished.
All evidence suggests that children adopted and raised by gay couples fare just as well as the children of straight couples.
All exams around the world will be held at the same time, meaning that students in Asia will have to take exams in the middle of the night.
All except one agreed to his plan.
All except you.
All excess is abominable.
All exits are marked with an exit sign.
All eyes are on Iran's still-in-its-infancy nuclear program, while almost nobody mentions Israel's 100-400 operational nuclear warheads.
All eyes turned to her.
All eyes turned towards her.
All eyes turned towards him.
All eyes were glued on the TV set as the election results came in.
All eyes were on Tom.
All eyes were on Ziri.
All eyes were on him.
All eyes were on me at the table but I didn't give a damn.
All eyes were on me.
All faces look alike to Tom.
All fairy tales about someone named Jack are about the same guy.
All fairy tales are just dreams from that native world that is both everywhere and nowhere.
All families are, to a greater or lesser extent, dysfunctional.
All families have skeletons in their closets.
All families with children get special rates.
All feel themselves elevated and strengthened; they see themselves as members of a nation which commands a respect such as the former thirty Fatherlands could never have commanded.
All fertilizers contain some salts.
All fields denoted with * are required.
All five Pandava brothers were wedded to the same woman, Draupadi.
All five rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves.
All flights are canceled due to the storm.
All flights are cancelled because of the storm.
All flights are delayed due to the blizzard.
All flights have been canceled due to the storm.
All flights have been canceled.
All flights have been cancelled due to the storm.
All flights to Boston have been canceled.
All flowers smell sweet.
All fluent English speakers can curse like sailors.
All food and manufactured goods must be imported.
All food and utilities were provided by the camp.
All food is medicine, but only humans are stupid enough to eat grass (grains) which makes dogs vomit.
All for love.
All for one and one for all.
All for one, and one for all. That's team play.
All for one, and one for all. Thats team play.
All for one, one for all!
All forecasts have a certain degree of uncertainty.
All foreign students learn Kabyle when they study in Kabylie.
All formalities have to be respected.
All formalities were respected.
All forms of life have an instinctive urge to survive.
All four are beautiful.
All four dogs came barreling towards Ziri.
All four footed animals breathe through lungs.
All four lost their sense of taste and smell.
All four nations lived together in harmony, until the Fire nation attacked.
All four of Elias's tires were slashed.
All four of Tom's grandparents are still living.
All four of Tom's grandparents were teachers.
All four of my grandparents are still living.
All four of my grandparents died in 2013.
All four of my grandparents were native French speakers.
All four of my son's great-grandmothers are still living.
All four of the boys didn't have alibis.
All four of the boys didnt have alibis.
All four of them were crazy.
All four of us were about to cry.
All four only spoke French.
All four spoke only French.
All free people, wherever they may live, are citizens of this city of Berlin, and therefore, as a free man, I am proud to be able to say: I am a Berliner.
All freshmen are required to study French.
All freshmen have to study French.
All frogs have four legs.
All functions considered in this chapter are real.
All funds are frozen until further notice.
All future meetings will be held in this room.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
All girls are literally programmed to want a man with a strong personality.
All girls are naturally programmed to want a man with mental strength.
All girls are snivelers.
All girls just wanna have fun.
All girls like Tom.
All girls love horses.
All girls love teddy bears.
All girls wear pink panties.
All girls wear pink underwear.
All girls were crazy about Sami.
All girls will be wearing Kabyle dresses.
All glory comes from daring to begin.
All gods are better than their conduct.
All gods demand sacrifice. Good gods have you give up selfishness. Bad gods want blood.
All goes well.
All gone.
All good in the hood?
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
All good things come from above.
All good things come in threes.
All good things come to an end.
All good things come to he who waits.
All good things come to those who wait.
All good things must come to an end.
All good!
All good.
All good?
All government is founded on compromise and barter.
All governments will have to cooperate in this matter.
All graduates are invited.
All graduates solemnly received their graduation certificates.
All great men are dead and I am not feeling too well myself.
All great men are dead and I'm not feeling too well myself.
All great men are modest.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
All great writers have their own personal styles.
All grown-ups were once children, but few remember that.
All grown-ups were once children.
All guests have gone.
All guns are always loaded.
All guns must be checked.
All guys are the same.
All had gone well up to now; but one evening this wicked Queen said to her chief cook: "I will eat the Queen with the same sauce I had with her children."
All had voted for Aaron Burr.
All hail John, the new King of Wellston.
All hail the king.
All hail the speech. We quit this other home, / and leaving here a handful on the shore, / spread sail and scour with hollow keel the foam.
All hands on deck!
All hands, abandon ship!
All happiness is based only on the relationship between what we hope to get and what we get.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
All has been explored.
All having been spent on repairs, he applied to the bank for the loan.
All he can do is support himself.
All he can do is to support himself.
All he cares about is his image.
All he could do was resist laughing.
All he does is bring out the flaws of others.
All he does is bullshit.
All he does is talk about me.
All he does is to keep talking.
All he does is work.
All he eats is sweets.
All he ever says is "Haha, you're a noob".
All he has are the clothes he's wearing.
All he has going for him is his reliability.
All he has to do is stop the fire.
All he is thinking about is meeting her.
All he knows is eat, drink, sleep.
All he likes are drinks and sweets.
All he owns are the clothes he's wearing.
All he said was true.
All he thinks about is himself.
All he wanted was time to finish his painting.
All he wants is money.
All he wants is power to advance the agenda of a small group of vengeful geeks.
All he wants to do is have fun.
All he wants to do is jump.
All he would do is sit around and wait for winter vacation to come.
All he's got are the clothes he's wearing.
All hell broke loose when the teacher left the classroom.
All hell broke loose.
All hell has broken loose.
All hell is breaking loose!
All hell starts to break loose.
All help is in vain.
All her books are stacked in that corner.
All her carefully made plans began to unravel one by one.
All her cats are sitting on the roof of the car.
All her efforts culminated in failure.
All her flatmates are nice.
All her friends live in England.
All her hopes have vanished.
All her husbands were Americans.
All her imaginary happiness vanished in a moment.
All her jewels were laid out on the floor.
All her money was stolen.
All her money went to her nephew.
All her motions were graceful.
All her photos have watermarks.
All her relatives are in Syria.
All her sentences are short.
All her songs were hits.
All her students really love to read books.
All her years of work and effort have gone up in flames.
All higher terrestrial organisms, including humans, other vertebrates, insects and even higher land plants, require complex, fractally branching vascular systems for survival.
All his answers were wide of the mark.
All his attempts failed.
All his attempts were unsuccessful.
All his books are stacked in that corner.
All his children have achieved something.
All his children have done something with their lives.
All his children want presents on their birthdays.
All his efforts came to nothing.
All his efforts seemed to have been wasted.
All his efforts to learn Klingon came to nothing.
All his efforts were useless.
All his endeavors ended in failure.
All his endeavors proved unsuccessful.
All his energies were devoted to the experiment.
All his family was around him when he died.
All his family went to the United States, but he stayed in Brazil.
All his family works on a farm.
All his followers looked up to him as a wise and courageous man.
All his friends are already married.
All his friends backed his plan.
All his friends believed him happy.
All his friends had to be assembled. None of the faces he had known and loved could be missing. No, they all had to be here.
All his friends think he's happy.
All his geese are swans.
All his hope had been lost.
All his hopes evaporated when he lost his only son in the war.
All his hopes have vanished.
All his ideas had a strong dreamlike component.
All his injuries are external.
All his land was flooded after the rain.
All his later paintings were considered masterpieces.
All his life Tom was an outsider.
All his life he had longed for vengeance.
All his life he has longed for vengeance.
All his life, he's been teaching.
All his money is in the bank.
All his money was stolen.
All his novels have become bestsellers.
All his political enemies showed themselves at his funeral.
All his possessions are contained in that box.
All his sentences are short.
All his students looked up to him as a man of character.
All his teeth were intact.
All his teeth were sound.
All his towels are smelly.
All history shows: idioms of dominant states often lead to the disappearance of the languages of the dominated states. Greek engulfed the Phrygian. Latin killed the Iberian and Gallic. Currently, 25 languages are disappearing every year! Understand one thing: I'm not fighting against English, I fight for diversity. An Armenian proverb wonderfully summarizes my thought: "The more languages you know, the more you are a person."
All holidays end early.
All hope abandon ye who enter here.
All hope abandon, ye who enter in.
All hope is gone.
All hope is in vain.
All hope is lost.
All hope is sadly lost.
All hope of my promotion went up in smoke after my reorganization plan fell through.
All hope of winning the game vanished.
All hope seemed lost.
All hope was gone.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
All hospitals are equipped with a spare generator in case of a power outage.
All houses are supposed to be habitable.
All houses in our street are decorated with little orange flags because of the World Cup.
All human beings are born equal.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and must behave one another in the spirit of brotherhood.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
All human beings are born free and equal. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
All human beings are legally equal.
All human beings are members of one frame, since all, at first, from the same essence came.
All human beings are mortal.
All human beings are much more intelligent than animals.
All human beings have been, are, and always will be mortal.
All human beings have brains, except Tom.
All human beings have brains.
All human beings have the same kind of body.
All human offenses are the result of a lack of love.
All humanity will organize its religious life equally.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
All humans are created equal.
All humans are equal and independent. No one can damage another's life, health, freedom, and property.
All humans are equal, but some are more equal than others.
All humans are good at heart.
All humans are mortal.
All humans are siblings.
All humans are social creatures.
All humans buy food at the mart.
All humans on Earth are descended from a common ancestor.
All hushed intent, when from his lofty seat / Troy's sire began:
All immigrants are required to pass a Russian language exam.
All in a fog.
All in all, I enjoyed the lecture.
All in all, I think I got a good deal.
All in all, I think my hobbies are balanced; they bring some relaxation to my life, and at the same time bring focus to my studies.
All in all, I thought it was a good book.
All in all, Tom's had a good year, both work-wise and family-wise.
All in all, after ten years of searching, my friend got married to a girl from the Slantsy region.
All in all, how many different schools have you attended?
All in all, it was a successful day.
All in all, it wasn't too bad.
All in all, it's a good collection.
All in all, life is cheap in that country.
All in all, matter near a black hole can be spaghettified, super-heated, squeezed, pancaked, pulled apart, and swirled around all while time itself stretches in unusual ways.
All in all, nothing worthwhile comes without a fight.
All in all, the excursion was pleasant.
All in all, the game of leapfrog is very easy compared to kickboxing.
All in all, the international conference was a success.
All in all, the novel was a success.
All in all, the southeast sector offers a very diverse avifauna, and it should not be ignored by the visiting birder.
All in all, they're a nice enough lot, but there are one or two unpleasant individuals among them.
All in all, this translation matches the original closely.
All in all, this was a nice party.
All in all, we had a good time at the party.
All in favor of this proposition will please say Aye.
All in good measure.
All in good time.
All in the golden afternoon / Full leisurely we glide; / For both our oars, with little skill, / By little arms are plied, / While little hands make vain pretence / Our wanderings to guide.
All in-person events have been cancelled.
All in.
All indicators are normal.
All indicators of freedom have fallen in Morocco.
All individuals in the world act with clear goals and distinct intentions. But once these actions are brought together by the great torrents of life, clarity recedes and chaos ensues.
All information is taken from public sources.
All insects have six legs.
All intellectual property is theft from the public domain.
All interactions involve the use of some kind of turn-taking organization.
All intercultural encounters are a win-win for both parties, as they provide an opportunity for learning.
All inventions grow out of necessity.
All investments involve risk.
All is arranged.
All is calm tonight.
All is completed with this.
All is fair in love and war.
All is fine.
All is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
All is forbidden here.
All is forgiven.
All is going according to plan, but the plan is shit.
All is good.
All is illusion.
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
All is lost.
All is made by God.
All is not always fair in love and war; do not let a just cause cloud your judgment.
All is not as bad as it seems.
All is not lost.
All is not milk and honey in Canada.
All is not what it seems.
All is not yet lost.
All is one.
All is over.
All is prepared for winter!
All is quiet again.
All is quiet on the western front.
All is quiet.
All is still.
All is to no purpose, said the Preacher, all the ways of man are to no purpose.
All is true.
All is vanity.
All is well as long as I'm beside you.
All is well if your scientific notions harmonize with your spiritual notions.
All is well that ends well.
All is well with me.
All is well.
All it takes for a Capricorn to open up emotionally is another Scorpio.
All it takes is a little.
All it takes is concentration and solitude.
All it takes is hard work.
All it takes is putting a steering wheel in the hands of a Portuguese guy to make an ass out of him.
All it took was some hard work and a lot of time.
All its leaves have fallen.
All journeys begin with a first step.
All kidding aside, it may work.
All kidding aside...
All kinds of books lay on the table.
All kinds of food and drink are delicious and good for you, but you have to know when, where, and in what quantity.
All kinds of rules made him lose his freedom.
All kinds of thoughts were going through Yanni's mind.
All kinds of women inspire me.
All knowledge is already known.
All knowledge is not good.
All knowledge, when separated from justice and virtue, is seen to be cunning and not wisdom.
All land in Tanzania is owned by the government, which can lease land for up to 99 years.
All languages are dialects.
All languages are equal, but English is more equal than the others.
All languages are equal.
All languages are even, but English is more even than the others.
All languages are hard in translating from them to Lojban.
All languages are hard to translate into.
All languages being equal, English is the most equal of all.
All languages came from somewhere else.
All languages deserve respect.
All languages have dialects.
All languages have rules.
All laws become obsolete sooner or later.
All lawyers are liars.
All lectures are in Berber.
All lectures are presented so skilfully that one can imagine that Professor Mach's hearers departed from his lecture-room with the conviction that science was a matter for abecedarians.
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.
All legitimate claims will be settled.
All librivox recordings are in the public domain.
All license number plates of all countries are different.
All lies!
All life comes from life.
All life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
All life is a great chain.
All life is a series of activities.
All life is an experiment.
All life is based on chemistry and all living things are composed of chemical compounds.
All life is part of a great duty, to reveal the glory, the wisdom and mercy of the Creator.
All life support systems have been severely damaged.
All light comes inside along this path.
All liquids when heated give off vapour, the amount increasing as the temperature rises.
All living beings are made up of cells.
All living beings are made up of one or more cells.
All living beings would have evolved from a common ancestor.
All living languages are subject to change.
All living things are connected in one chain of being.
All living things die some day.
All living things eventually die.
All living things need oxygen.
All living things on Earth contain carbon.
All living things on Earth contain carbon. Even you contain carbon.
All living things on earth depend on one another.
All living things on earth depend one another.
All living things will die someday.
All living things will eventually die.
All lizards can lay eggs.
All looked up, and those who knew the usual state of the apartment observed, with surprise, that the picture of Sir William Ashton's father was removed from its place, and in its stead that of old Sir Malise Ravenswood seemed to frown wrath and vengeance upon the party assembled below.
All lost umbrellas turn into paper clips, as anyone can prove when finding these.
All loves are eternal. What changes is the person.
All loves are not alike. All the mistresses are alike.
All machines need to be checked periodically.
All major Jewish ethnic groups share more than half of their DNA with Bronze Age Canaanite remains.
All major credit cards are accepted.
All major economies must step up to the plate if we are to avoid the dangerous consequences of climate change.
All male human beings have been, are, and always will be deceitful.
All malice comes from weakness.
All mammals and birds are warm-blooded.
All mammals and birds have warm blood.
All mammals are cynodonts.
All mammals have seven cervical vertebrae.
All mammals produce milk.
All manner of things have changed.
All manner of two-wheeled vehicles whizz along the wide streets of Ougadougou, often speeding around the few cars in the roads.
All materials must be produced trilingually to meet the needs of our customers.
All mathematicians know that Pi is approximately three point one four.
All meanings, we know, depend on the key of interpretation.
All medals have two faces.
All meetings are open to the public.
All members are urged to attend.
All members go by pseudonyms.
All members have access to these books.
All members hope that Tatoeba will have a million sentences by the year's end.
All members hope that Tatoeba will have a million sentences by the years end.
All members must follow these rules.
All members need to observe these rules.
All men are brothers.
All men are brutes.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
All men are created equal by God.
All men are created equal.
All men are equal according to law.
All men are equal according to the law.
All men are equal before God.
All men are equal before fish.
All men are equal before the law... and when placed before a beautiful woman.
All men are equal under the law.
All men are equal, but some are more equal than others.
All men are equal.
All men are fallible.
All men are like that.
All men are mortal, all Greeks are men, therefore all Greeks are mortal.
All men are mortal, and Socrates is a man, therefore Socrates is mortal.
All men are mortal.
All men are mortal. Socrates is a man. Therefore, Socrates is mortal.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
All men are mortal. Tom is a man. Therefore, Tom is mortal.
All men are pigs (present company excepted).
All men are the same.
All men can be criminals, if tempted; all men can be heroes, if inspired.
All men die, but not all men really live.
All men die. Tom is a man. Therefore, Tom will die.
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.
All men have equal rights.
All men have fulfilled their duty.
All men have fullfilled their duty.
All men have some natural talent, but the question is whether they can use it or not.
All men have the right to freedom.
All men like to play baseball.
All men love football.
All men must die.
All men naturally hate each other.
All men play baseball.
All men want money.
All men who are lonely are lonely because they're afraid of others.
All men who have anything to do with her die.
All men who profit from the fruits of the earth must give back part of them to the Church, who will apply them to three uses: providing for pastors, the maintenance of religious buildings, help to the poor.
All mobile calls begin with a recorded health message.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
All moms should breastfeed their children.
All moms should breastfeed their kids.
All money from the counter was stolen.
All mountains are not green.
All mourned, but good AEneas mourned the most, / and bitter tears for Amycus he shed, / Gyas, Cloanthus, bravest of his host, / Lycus, Orontes bold, all counted with the lost.
All museums and cultural venues, along with nightclubs, cinemas, theaters and casinos have been ordered shut.
All mushrooms are edible, but some only once in a lifetime.
All mushrooms are edible, but some only once.
All mushrooms are edible, but some only one time.
All music is furniture. What the hell's so special about Erik Satie?
All music is furniture. What the hells so special about Erik Satie?
All my advice was lost on her.
All my ailments are gone but one.
All my ancestors were farmers.
All my best friends are from Kabylie.
All my best thoughts were stolen by the ancients.
All my books are gone.
All my books are new.
All my cakes are delicious!
All my cakes are delicious.
All my chickens lay eggs.
All my childhood friends moved out of the village.
All my children are studious.
All my children speak French.
All my class are hardworking.
All my classes are in French.
All my classes were in Berber.
All my classes were in French.
All my clothes have gotten dirty since I've been here.
All my co-workers are from Kabylie.
All my courses were in Berber.
All my credit cards are maxed out.
All my dog does is sleep all day.
All my doubts about it have been driven away.
All my dreams will come true.
All my dreams will descend to reality.
All my ducklings are swimming in the lake.
All my effort went for nothing.
All my efforts are nothing compared to yours.
All my efforts are nothing in comparison with yours.
All my efforts came to nothing.
All my efforts proved of no avail.
All my efforts turned out to be useless.
All my efforts went for nothing.
All my efforts were in vain.
All my energy has ebbed away.
All my ex-girlfriends live in Australia.
All my ex-girlfriends live in Boston.
All my family is very well.
All my family were just crazy about baseball.
All my friends and family are dead.
All my friends and their parents were there.
All my friends are dead.
All my friends are doing it.
All my friends are getting married.
All my friends are invited here.
All my friends are really nice.
All my friends call me Tom.
All my friends came to my birthday party.
All my friends can speak French.
All my friends do it.
All my friends encouraged me to try my best.
All my friends have a boyfriend.
All my friends have bicycles.
All my friends have children.
All my friends have girlfriends.
All my friends have one.
All my friends like American football.
All my friends like Tom.
All my friends like football.
All my friends like her.
All my friends like him.
All my friends like playing videogames.
All my friends like the same kind of music as I like.
All my friends like the same kind of music that I do.
All my friends like them.
All my friends like you.
All my friends live in Boston.
All my friends live in this city.
All my friends say that.
All my friends speak Berber.
All my friends speak French.
All my friends to whom I sent invitations came to the party.
All my friends turned their back on me.
All my friends turned their backs on me.
All my friends were awake.
All my friends were there.
All my friends will be there.
All my hair was gone.
All my haste was in vain.
All my heart, all my soul belong to you.
All my homework is done.
All my homework is sprawled on my desk.
All my hope is gone.
All my kids speak French.
All my life I've wanted to meet someone like me.
All my life I've wanted to meet someone like you.
All my life, I've found that the thing that most surely reveals someone's character, is how they react to a joke they don't like.
All my life, people have doubted me.
All my love, John.
All my money got stolen.
All my money has been stolen.
All my money is stolen.
All my money was stolen.
All my muscles ache.
All my muscles are aching.
All my neighbors are very friendly.
All my neighbors have bigger yards than I do.
All my pains are nothing compared to yours.
All my pains went for nothing.
All my pains were in vain.
All my partners are trans like me.
All my plants died.
All my problems are over.
All my questions were answered.
All my relatives live at the back of beyond.
All my relatives live here.
All my relatives live in this city.
All my searches are fruitless.
All my searches were in vain.
All my senses were on full alert.
All my sentences were checked by native speakers.
All my settings got wiped out.
All my settings were lost.
All my shirts are the same color.
All my shirts got wrinkled.
All my siblings are taller than me.
All my sisters are with me.
All my software is open source.
All my son's adult teeth are in.
All my sons adult teeth are in.
All my stuff is here.
All my suspicions rose into a fierce bitter flame when I saw that on the mantelpiece stood a copy of a full-length photograph of my wife, which had been taken at my request only three months ago.
All my sweets are delicious!
All my teachers loved me.
All my thoughts belong to you.
All my time is free for my books, and for me they are never busy.
All my troubles came to nothing.
All my two-euro coins are in my piggy bank.
All my wishes came true.
All my wishes have come true.
All my work for the big day was on that computer.
All my work went up in smoke.
All my youth, I saw the caning repair of chairs, in the same spirit, the same heart, and the same hand as the past craftsmen who built the cathedrals.
All names are in alphabetical order.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian, or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
All nations are made up.
All natural languages are equally complex--but in different ways. The grammar of Malay is simple, but choices among many superficially equivalent words are dictated by the social status of speaker and hearer.
All natural objects and phenomena used to be considered as having kami, so the gods of Shinto were uncountably numerous.
All nature joined in rejoicing at the springtide, and Daphnis and Chloe, young and susceptible as they were, imitated whatever they saw or heard. Hearing the carols of the birds, they sang; at sight of the playful skipping of the lambs they danced; and in imitation of the bees they gathered flowers, some of which they placed in their bosoms, whilst with others they wove chaplets which they carried as offerings to the Nymphs.
All new consoles should be backward compatible.
All night I suffered from insomnia.
All night she remained delirious. On the morning, she fell into a state of absolute insensibility.
All night, he tossed and turned.
All non-winged insects have at least vestigial wings.
All nouns are capitalized in German.
All nuance is removed when you live online.
All numbers are approximate.
All objects in the Galaxy revolve around the Galaxy's center.
All of Algeria's islands are uninhabited.
All of Algeria's neighbors are Muslim.
All of Boris's men were shot down.
All of David's accounts were frozen.
All of David's friends turned their backs on him.
All of Fadil's children died before they could crawl.
All of Fyodors friends are musicians.
All of Germania is separated from the Gauls, Raetians and Pannonians by the rivers Rhine and Danube, and from the Sarmatians and Dacians by mutual awe or mountains: the ocean surrounds the rest, encompassing wide peninsulas and the vast areas of islands, their peoples and kings just recently known to us, with whom war has now begun.
All of Gunter's wrinkles were gone.
All of Italy is now placed under lockdown.
All of John's sisters are coming over.
All of Kahns buildings share a common solidity and heaviness. Experts say they are very different from the works of other famous architects of the period. These architects preferred light and airy buildings. Their weightless-looking structures were mostly made of glass and metal. Kahn used stone and concrete to make monumental buildings. Many of his structures look more ancient than modern.
All of Macys 775 stores in the U.S. have been closed because of social distancing.
All of Mary's friends have babies.
All of Mary's friends stopped hanging out with her.
All of Mennad's friends knew that Baya was cheating on him.
All of Mennad's teachers were females.
All of Michael's stuff was gone.
All of Sami's friends are from the clinic.
All of Sami's guests arrived.
All of Sami's secrets were found out.
All of Santiagos plans failed.
All of Sonatrach's profits are for the Algerian government.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
All of Steves jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
All of Tom Jackson's songs became hits.
All of Tom and Mary's friends thought that they were rich.
All of Tom's children are able to speak French.
All of Tom's children are in Australia.
All of Tom's children are in Boston.
All of Tom's children became doctors.
All of Tom's children can speak French.
All of Tom's classmates speak French.
All of Tom's classmates waited for him.
All of Tom's credit cards are maxed out.
All of Tom's customers are Canadians.
All of Tom's daughters are quite beautiful.
All of Tom's friends can speak French.
All of Tom's friends can understand French.
All of Tom's friends laughed at Mary.
All of Tom's friends laughed at me.
All of Tom's friends stopped hanging out with him.
All of Tom's friends thought that he was rich.
All of Tom's friends were getting ready to go to college.
All of Tom's gang members were eventually arrested.
All of Tom's girlfriends have been named Mary.
All of Tom's grandparents are still living.
All of Tom's grandparents died before he was born.
All of Tom's money comes from the rental properties he inherited.
All of Tom's predictions came true.
All of Tom's sentences are short.
All of Tom's teammates seem to like him.
All of Tom's teammates seem to respect him.
All of Tom's toys are made of wood.
All of Tom's windows were open.
All of William's friends will be there.
All of Yanni's art works was smashed up by radical Islamists.
All of Yanni's friends had run ahead of him.
All of Yanni's stuff was on the first floor.
All of Ziri's belongings were gone.
All of Ziri's dreams were snuffed out after making one fatal mistake.
All of Ziri's electric devices blew up.
All of Ziri's friend were ignoring him.
All of Ziri's friends were cool.
All of Ziri's money goes towards school.
All of Ziri's tutors come over here.
All of Ziris books fell to the floor.
All of a sudden I was wide awake.
All of a sudden I'm filled with great admiration for you!
All of a sudden all the lights went out.
All of a sudden he hugged her.
All of a sudden he turned his head, and I saw his face.
All of a sudden her face turned pale.
All of a sudden it became dark.
All of a sudden it got dark.
All of a sudden it started raining.
All of a sudden she stops and looks around her.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
All of a sudden, Bello broke loose from his lead, bolted towards the river and leapt in. Only now do we realise the reason for this unexpected behaviour lay in the fate of a drowning fawn which the dog pulled up on the bank and thus rescued.
All of a sudden, I feel like crying.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
All of a sudden, I realized I must learn Polish.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldnt pay for so many books.
All of a sudden, I saw a hare running across the field.
All of a sudden, I saw a rabbit running across the field.
All of a sudden, I was shaken out of my sleep by someone.
All of a sudden, Mary and I were alone.
All of a sudden, The Holy Spirit began to speak to me the things revealed in this testimony.
All of a sudden, Tom and I were alone.
All of a sudden, Tom and Mary were alone.
All of a sudden, Tom stopped and looked around him.
All of a sudden, Yanni's cat bit him.
All of a sudden, Ziri came across an old album in the attic.
All of a sudden, a dog began barking.
All of a sudden, a fire broke out in the department store.
All of a sudden, a fire broke out in the movie theater.
All of a sudden, all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, he proposed to me.
All of a sudden, he spoke out.
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.
All of a sudden, it began raining.
All of a sudden, it got dark outside.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
All of a sudden, memories from the night before flashed through my mind, making my heart race.
All of a sudden, my mother began to sing.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
All of a sudden, she spoke out.
All of a sudden, she threw a hell of a statement into the mix.
All of a sudden, the barn went up in flames.
All of a sudden, the clerk lost his temper.
All of a sudden, the door opened and a man entered the room.
All of a sudden, the door shut with a bang.
All of a sudden, the door slammed behind Tom.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
All of a sudden, the fire alarm went off.
All of a sudden, the front door bell rang and the dark shadow of a lone man slipped in quietly.
All of a sudden, the lights went on.
All of a sudden, the lights went out.
All of a sudden, the river rose and broke its banks.
All of a sudden, the thirty-story skyscraper went up in flames.
All of a sudden, they stopped talking.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
All of a sudden, we heard the sharp cry of a cat.
All of a sudden, you were there.
All of her books are written in Italian.
All of her children were born with Down syndrome.
All of her daughters are beautiful.
All of her fears materialized above her at once.
All of her friends are students.
All of her friends stopped hanging out with her.
All of her merchandise was dirt cheap.
All of her songs became hits.
All of her tribulations resulted in her becoming stronger.
All of his answers were wide of the mark.
All of his attempts failed.
All of his books are written in Italian.
All of his family work on a farm.
All of his friends considered his marriage a risky adventure.
All of his friends thought that he was happy.
All of his friends were body pillows, and all of hers were dolls; so they bonded over their fondness for animating the inanimate. However, because they were not inanimate objects but people with complex emotions, their relationship was sometimes strained.
All of his illnesses are severe.
All of his later paintings were considered masterpiece.
All of humanity is in one basket that is the Earth. All the eggs are in one basket. It is false security that God will protect us from destruction, as we can sense from the Pandemic.
All of humanity is profoundly flawed.
All of it was delicious!
All of life and human relations have become so incomprehensibly complex that, when you think about it, it becomes terrifying and your heart stands still.
All of life is a constant education.
All of my Berber books are back in Algeria.
All of my attempts have failed.
All of my books are digital.
All of my brothers and sisters were born in Boston. I was born in Chicago.
All of my brothers died in the war.
All of my brothers have jobs.
All of my brothers still live in Boston.
All of my cats are gray.
All of my children are free loaders.
All of my children are in Boston.
All of my children can play chess.
All of my children can speak French.
All of my children go to school in Australia.
All of my children go to school in Boston.
All of my children graduated from Harvard.
All of my children have been to Australia.
All of my children have been to Boston.
All of my children like Boston.
All of my children live in Boston.
All of my children want to go to Australia with me.
All of my children want to go to Australia.
All of my children want to go to Boston with me.
All of my children want to go to Boston.
All of my children went to good universities.
All of my children were born in Australia.
All of my children were born in Boston.
All of my classes are in French.
All of my classmates are better at French than I am.
All of my classmates are taller than I am.
All of my clothes are custom made.
All of my cousins live in Boston.
All of my ex-girlfriends live in Australia.
All of my ex-girlfriends live in Boston.
All of my ex-wives hate me.
All of my friends are Kabyle.
All of my friends are Kabyles.
All of my friends are from Boston.
All of my friends are from Kabylie.
All of my friends are getting married.
All of my friends are out of town.
All of my friends can speak French.
All of my friends forgot me.
All of my friends go to public schools.
All of my friends got asked to dance except me.
All of my friends have bicycles.
All of my friends have moved out of Boston.
All of my friends like Tom.
All of my friends like computer games.
All of my friends like football.
All of my friends like her.
All of my friends like him.
All of my friends like soccer.
All of my friends like them.
All of my friends like you.
All of my grandparents are still living.
All of my grandparents were born in this country.
All of my great-grandparents died before I was born.
All of my kids know how to swim.
All of my kids want to learn French.
All of my kids want to learn how to speak French.
All of my kids want to learn how to swim.
All of my kids went to Australia to visit my parents.
All of my kids went to Boston to visit my parents.
All of my money has been stolen.
All of my neighbors are jerks.
All of my patients are over seventy-five years of age.
All of my patients are over seventy-five years old.
All of my relatives are taller than me.
All of my relatives live in Boston.
All of my roommates are out of town.
All of my sales are cash up front, bucko.
All of my siblings are taller than me.
All of my sisters accepted Islam.
All of my sisters are with me.
All of my software is open source.
All of my strength gave out.
All of my students call me by my first name.
All of my teammates are younger than I am.
All of my teammates are younger than me.
All of my things are gone.
All of my valuable belongings were gone.
All of my wife's relatives are my in-laws.
All of our afternoon classes have been canceled.
All of our attempts failed.
All of our blood goes through our kidneys about sixty times a day.
All of our children are adopted.
All of our children have three-syllable names.
All of our children went to good universities.
All of our classes have been canceled.
All of our matches are wet.
All of our meetings are in French.
All of our neighbors are congenial individuals and always up for a social gathering.
All of our phone lines are currently busy. We apologize for the inconvenience but kindly ask that you wait a little longer.
All of our plates and bowls are white.
All of our schools teach useful trades.
All of our students are studying French.
All of our systems were damaged.
All of our trainees failed the polygraph test.
All of our university's students can use this computer.
All of sudden all the lights went out.
All of that concerns us.
All of that electricity concentrated in the metallic nanotubes, which grew so hot that they burned up and literally vaporized into tiny puffs of carbon dioxide.
All of that free space that was there is gone now.
All of that resulted in nothing.
All of that sounds great to me!
All of the European nation-states, not just Nazi Germany, were participants in the centuries-long genocide that culminated in the Holocaust.
All of the Valentines were written in the same handwriting.
All of the anime visuals were creepy.
All of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
All of the astronauts on board Columbia were killed.
All of the bad in the world only comes to me.
All of the bad-faith discourse about Ukraine can be answered with the question, "Who invaded who?"
All of the balls are yellow.
All of the bathroom stalls were occupied.
All of the big mines in the Pacific Northwest have sealable rooms, stocked with compressed air.
All of the birds want to fly.
All of the blossoms have fallen from the cherry trees.
All of the books are good, but none as good as this one.
All of the books on the bookshelf have been read.
All of the boys are asleep in the next room.
All of the boys didn't laugh at Tom.
All of the boys didn't laugh at him.
All of the boys were generally healthy and in good spirits.
All of the boys were wearing gloves.
All of the boys were wearing shorts.
All of the breads at home are rancid.
All of the buses are full.
All of the cake is gone.
All of the children are asleep.
All of the children are eating.
All of the children are in bed.
All of the children are listening to the teacher's words.
All of the children are sitting.
All of the children are sleeping.
All of the children came home for Thanksgiving.
All of the children had gone to bed before it got dark.
All of the children had to go to bed before dark.
All of the children have finished eating.
All of the children were completely asleep before it got dark.
All of the children were crying and some of the teachers were crying, too.
All of the city was under water.
All of the classmates waited for Takeshi.
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars.
All of the crates had been emptied.
All of the days go toward death and the last one arrives there.
All of the defendants denied any wrongdoing.
All of the dogs were alive.
All of the entries in this dictionary are transliterated.
All of the factories are nearing capacity.
All of the first graders are bringing flowers.
All of the flowers are paper.
All of the food you see here I prepared using my new pressure cooker.
All of the four outside walls of Tove's one-room hut had windows so that she and her partner Tuulikki could see the horizon in all directions.
All of the girls in class have their ears pierced.
All of the girls in this class hate Tom.
All of the goldfish are dead.
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.
All of the houses need to be lived in.
All of the instruments Tycho Brahe used to observe the sky were made in his own workshop. He also printed all of his books on his own presses.
All of the longing and wishes for good fortune are wrapped up in the fragile skin of the dumplings.
All of the men and most of the women here are lawyers.
All of the men that I know like cars!
All of the men were dressed similarly to Tom.
All of the milk was spilled.
All of the money I had in this drawer has been stolen.
All of the money I had in this drawer is missing.
All of the money in the cupboard was stolen.
All of the money is reserved for emergencies.
All of the money that I had in this drawer has been stolen.
All of the money that I had in this drawer is missing.
All of the money together won't be enough.
All of the money won by our celebrity contestants will go to a charitable cause of their choice.
All of the morning I looked for him.
All of the natural resources have been depleted.
All of the newly discovered moons take between two and three years to travel once around Saturn.
All of the other men were wearing the same uniform as Tom was.
All of the other men were wearing the same uniform as Tom.
All of the paper is made from the dung of a single animal called Nugget, who lives in a wildlife park near Cradle Mountain, one of Tasmania's most popular tourist destinations.
All of the passengers managed to escape before the bus burst into flames.
All of the people in this room have the same gender.
All of the players jogged onto the field.
All of the pleasures of Algeria are in Kabylie.
All of the proposals were accepted.
All of the rules must be in line with company policy.
All of the shirts that Tom gave me are blue.
All of the shop's staff were pleasant people.
All of the students at our school study French.
All of the students at school know Tom.
All of the students at school know me.
All of the students have to wear the same uniform.
All of the students received affection from the teacher.
All of the students say the holidays are a time of nostalgia, when its comforting to be around people from the same cultural backgrounds as them.
All of the students stood up together.
All of the students were looking at a little chunk of metal.
All of the students were present.
All of the students were treated with respect by the teacher.
All of the sugar has fallen to the ground.
All of the suspects have solid alibis.
All of the town was destroyed by a fire.
All of the toys are wooden.
All of the tracks on this album are so good, it's the best.
All of the tree's leaves turned yellow.
All of the villages in this region have been destroyed, without exception.
All of the volunteers will be counseled about how to prevent HIV, but investigators want to see whether those who get the vaccine, as opposed to those who get a dummy solution called a placebo, remain uninfected.
All of the windows are closed.
All of the windows of Tom's house were open.
All of the windows were closed.
All of the women in the room turned and glared at Tom.
All of the words in this dictionary are important.
All of the world's continents could fit into the Pacific basin!
All of the worlds continents could fit into the Pacific basin.
All of their children were born in Malaysia.
All of their expressions changed.
All of their husbands and wives got on the bus.
All of their spouses got on the bus.
All of them agreed to the proposal.
All of them are Algerian.
All of them are Canadian.
All of them are Canadians.
All of them are Muslim.
All of them are connected.
All of them are demanding their money back.
All of them are different.
All of them are females.
All of them are from Australia.
All of them are from Iceland.
All of them are good teachers.
All of them are good, so choose three books.
All of them are just here to pick up girls.
All of them are low.
All of them are named Tom.
All of them are not poor.
All of them are not present.
All of them are students.
All of them are successful.
All of them come from Australia.
All of them come from Iceland.
All of them considered that he was unsuitably dressed for the party.
All of them died.
All of them drowned.
All of them except one have citizenship.
All of them have independent means.
All of them have kids.
All of them hop around the playground.
All of them laughed except for him.
All of them remained silent.
All of them say so, but I believe none of them.
All of them speak French.
All of them swam for a little time, but the weight of their equipments soon drew the pirates to the bottom, whereas Daphnis kept afloat having easily thrown off the few garments that encumbered him.
All of them swim very fast.
All of them testified in favor of the accused.
All of them used to live in Australia.
All of them wanted to kill me.
All of them wanted to know my secret.
All of them went there.
All of them were gone.
All of them were handmade things.
All of them were terrible.
All of them were wearing black.
All of them will get a prize.
All of these abilities are passed on to us by genetic transmission; we receive them by way of the genes that we inherit from our parents.
All of these apples are rotten.
All of these apples are very sweet.
All of these are Tom's.
All of these are from Tom.
All of these are mine.
All of these benefits exist only on paper.
All of these books are different.
All of these books are mine.
All of these books were written by Tom.
All of these boxes are empty.
All of these factors are important.
All of these guitars are mine.
All of these have expired.
All of these letters are addressed to you.
All of these meetings are conducted in English.
All of these meetings are in English.
All of these photos, too, have brilliant colors and are quite good!
All of these picture postcards are mine.
All of these programs are free.
All of these resources combined together, could not purchase or equal the value of an eternal life.
All of these sentences are weird.
All of these sentences need a full stop.
All of these sneakers look great. However, I can only afford one pair.
All of these sports and many others are dominated by the human urge to aim at something.
All of these things are handmade.
All of these things are interconnected.
All of these things belong to me.
All of these things need to be discussed.
All of these were made in Australia.
All of this became broken.
All of this belongs to us.
All of this has happened before.
All of this has to change.
All of this is because of you.
All of this is mine.
All of this is perfectly normal.
All of this is stressing me out.
All of this is very sad.
All of this is very worrying.
All of this is well documented.
All of this is your fault.
All of this must have cost her an arm and a leg.
All of this shit has to be thrown out.
All of this stationery is his.
All of this stuff is useless.
All of this stuff needs to be thrown out.
All of this was for you.
All of this will be yours someday.
All of this won't fit in my suitcase.
All of this?
All of those boys have the same first name.
All of those students come from Australia.
All of those women are apparently Tom's co-workers.
All of todays nuclear power plants make energy by the splitting of uranium atoms  which creates a lot of useful heat but also a lot of dangerous and deadly nuclear waste. The opposite process  fusion  also creates heat but with hardly any pesky radiation. The problem is that fusion is way more difficult to achieve. Scientists from 35 nations, including the United States, Russia and China, are painstakingly trying to solve the problem.
All of us aim at success.
All of us approved of the plan.
All of us are Canadians.
All of us are ambulance drivers.
All of us are busy.
All of us are cheerleaders.
All of us are confused.
All of us are connected with the past and the future as well as the present.
All of us are disappointed.
All of us are from Algeria.
All of us are getting older.
All of us are going to Boston.
All of us are happy.
All of us are helping Tom.
All of us are married men.
All of us are married women.
All of us are music majors.
All of us are proud to be Algerian.
All of us are students.
All of us are working on the case.
All of us came here from somewhere else.
All of us can be guided by the empathy and compassion of His Holiness, Pope Francis, who said refugees are not numbers, they are people who have faces, names, stories, and they need to be treated as such.
All of us can speak French, so let's speak French.
All of us can speak French.
All of us climbed aboard quickly.
All of us devoted ourselves to the development of our country.
All of us except for Tom thought Mary was guilty.
All of us except for Tom thought that Mary was guilty.
All of us got into the car.
All of us got three hundred dollars.
All of us had their flashlights.
All of us have an interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
All of us have some interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
All of us have taken an oath to protect you.
All of us here are working for Tom.
All of us hope Tom will be there.
All of us hope that Tom will be there.
All of us hope that doesn't happen.
All of us hope that that doesn't happen.
All of us hugged Tom.
All of us in the apartment share the kitchen.
All of us know Tom.
All of us know him well.
All of us like Tom.
All of us like her.
All of us like him.
All of us like them.
All of us like you very much.
All of us like you.
All of us listened to the music as if we were charmed by the moonlight.
All of us live in the same dorm.
All of us live in the same dormitory.
All of us live in the same neighborhood.
All of us looked at each other.
All of us looked through the window.
All of us love you.
All of us make mistakes.
All of us must die some day.
All of us need jobs.
All of us need to be careful.
All of us need to be cautious.
All of us need to do this again tomorrow.
All of us ought to go.
All of us plan to apply for asylum.
All of us plan to be there.
All of us plan to do that.
All of us play the piano.
All of us should go.
All of us should strive for immortality.
All of us slept in the same tent.
All of us speak English.
All of us speak French.
All of us speak Hungarian.
All of us speak Spanish.
All of us stared at Tom.
All of us stared at her.
All of us stared at her; she had changed so much.
All of us stood up.
All of us students like baseball.
All of us surely make mistakes, don't we?
All of us talk in English.
All of us thought the same thing.
All of us trust you.
All of us try to be what none of us couldn't be except when some of us were what the rest of us desired.
All of us want jobs.
All of us want prices to decline.
All of us want prices to go down.
All of us want to acquire the love of God.
All of us want to be loved by God.
All of us want to do that.
All of us want to go to Boston.
All of us want to live as long as possible.
All of us want to study French.
All of us want to visit Boston.
All of us went besides him.
All of us went except for Tom.
All of us went except for him.
All of us went to Tom's party except for Mary.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
All of us were busy cleaning the room.
All of us were deceived by Tom.
All of us were excited with the result of the experiment.
All of us were forced to work shifts.
All of us were happy at the table.
All of us were happy.
All of us were homesick.
All of us were in shock.
All of us were not satisfied with the system.
All of us were shocked by the news.
All of us were silent.
All of us were soaking wet.
All of us were surprised at the news.
All of us will die someday.
All of us will die sooner or later.
All of us will go to Boston.
All of us will have to go through this.
All of us will miss Tom.
All of us without exception took part in the demonstration.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
All of us, except him, went.
All of us, including me, rode the bus.
All of you are crazy!
All of you are cretins.
All of you are diligent.
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.
All of you are late.
All of you are responsible.
All of you are under arrest.
All of you are welcome to attend my party along with your spouses.
All of you are welcome to bring your spouses to my party.
All of you behave similarly.
All of you betrayed Tom.
All of you betrayed me.
All of you did good work.
All of you have a similar behaviour.
All of you have to read it.
All of you look healthy.
All of you must do your own work.
All of you passed the test.
All of you play the piano.
All of you please go towards the left.
All of you speak French, right?
All of you, get out.
All of you, please be quiet.
All of you, please get down!
All of your accusations are baseless. She is innocent, and we are going to prove that.
All of your accusations are baseless. She is innocent, and we will prove that.
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
All of your answers were correct but one.
All of your answers were correct except one.
All of your answers were incorrect.
All of your answers were wrong.
All of your brothers and sisters are married. When are you going to get married?
All of your cats are grey.
All of your goldfish are dead.
All of your life is left up to destiny.
All of your siblings are married. When do you want to get married?
All oil-rich countries have to be bombarded with depleted uranium explosives to guarantee democracy and freedom for their people.
All oil-rich countries should be invaded and annihilated by US forces to protect their civilian populations and teach them democracy.
All old people need someone to talk to.
All old people were once young and all young people will be old one day, except for those that die on the way.
All options are on the table.
All options remain on the table.
All or nothing!
All or nothing.
All or our children went to school in Australia.
All orders must be accompanied with cash.
All other zodiac signs are overshadowed by us, Capricorns.
All our attempts failed.
All our attempts were in vain.
All our best to that little boy.
All our blood passes through our kidneys about sixty times a day.
All our books are on the floor.
All our catalogues are free for the asking.
All our children and grandchildren will be there.
All our children are healthy.
All our children are immune to measles.
All our children go to school in Boston.
All our children went to school in Australia.
All our children were born in Kabylie.
All our classes have been canceled.
All our demands have been met.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
All our effort ended in failure.
All our efforts were in vain.
All our efforts were without result.
All our events are open to the general public.
All our family heirlooms were destroyed in a fire.
All our food is rotten.
All our food was rotten.
All our food was spoiled.
All our friends wanted to see us.
All our kids moved out.
All our meetings are open to the public.
All our members are volunteers.
All our modern health problems come from the invention of agriculture.
All our money has been spent.
All our money is gone.
All our mothers are nurses.
All our neighbors are very nice.
All our people will be there.
All our pies are baked fresh during the night for your dining pleasure the next day.
All our plans went wrong.
All our problems are over now.
All our problems would go away if we just ignore them.
All our rooms have Wi-Fi connectivity.
All our sanitary facilities are heated by solar energy.
All our students study French.
All our systems were damaged.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
All our things were turned upside down.
All our wishes of happiness!
All our workshops are open to the public.
All over the Internet!
All over the garden, nests containing colourful Easter eggs were hidden.
All over the shop floated the sneezy stuff.
All over the world, people are growing fatter.
All overs are ill.
All panhandlers ask for dimesbut this one had a very special purpose!
All parabolas are similar.
All parents like to have their children praised.
All parents want their kids to be happy.
All participants are Japanese.
All participants hope that Tatoeba will have a million sentences by the end of the year.
All participants made that great effort in the Olympics.
All participants must be registered.
All participants will receive a T-shirt.
All parts of the plants are fragrant.
All passengers are required to show their tickets.
All passengers have been confined to their cabins and will be not be allowed to leave the ship until February 19.
All passengers were injured in the car accident.
All paths have been traveled.
All patients will be given a check-up by a doctor.
All people are boring.
All people are born equal.
All people are born free and have the same rights and dignity. They are imbued with reason and conscience and should interact with each other in a spirit of brotherhood.
All people are born into unequal circumstances.
All people are born with the same rights.
All people are branches of the same tree.
All people are brothers and sisters to me.
All people are created equal.
All people are created equal. And hereafter people will be born.
All people are different.
All people are equal.
All people are good at the bottom of their hearts.
All people are good by nature.
All people are not gentle.
All people are siblings.
All people breathe air.
All people can become friends, even if their languages and customs are different.
All people can meet their other half.
All people grasped it.
All people have seen that baby.
All people have to do is ask.
All people of my own age started a family.
All people shall have the right to maintain the minimum standards of wholesome and cultured living.
All people should love their country.
All people smile in the same language.
All people were created equal.
All people will live in peace.
All people's feelings are good feelings.
All people, said the Declaration, are born free and endowed with certain unalienable rights.
All peoples deserve exactly the government they have. But what kind of government do the Korean people deserve?
All persons shall have full and free liberty of religious opinion; nor shall any be compelled to frequent or maintain any religious institution.
All philosophers, even the famous ones, can be found to have the same weakness: faith in philosophy.
All philosophies of the classic type have made a fixed and fundamental distinction between two realms of existence.
All photographs are already on a thumb drive.
All piggybackers are pigs!
All places are distant from heaven alike.
All planes have wings.
All plants need water and daylight.
All plants need water and light.
All pleasurable activities cause arousal of the pleasure centers of the brain.
All political dissidents were purged under the former regime.
All political prisoners are exiled here.
All political prisoners are exiled to this place.
All politicians are populist since that is their interest. Honest politicians, um, I don't think there is one.
All possible means have been tried.
All power to the syndicates!
All praise be to God as He opened my heart and I converted to Islam.
All praise be to God.
All praise for him.
All praise is due to God.
All prayer is dictatorial.
All prayers are useless.
All preceding narrations are so intermixed with fable, that philosophers ought to abandon them in a great measure, to the embellishment of the poet and orator.
All prepositions take the nominative.
All presages and prophecies of doom glimmered and babbled in the ghastly gloom, and in the midst of that accursed scene a wolf sat howling on a broken tomb.
All pretty girls are a trap, a pretty trap, and men expect them to be.
All prices are subject to change.
All prices have risen.
All prizewinners are invited.
All problems must be answered.
All promises are either broken or kept.
All provinces in the country are composed of at least one congressional district.
All psychiatrists emotionally support their patients.
All psychiatrists support their patients.
All publicity is good publicity.
All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.
All pupils must wear the same uniform.
All quadrupeds feed their young with milk.
All questions have answers.
All questions with "if" I answer with "yes".
All quiet on the Western Front.
All radial streets lead to the center of the settlement.
All reactionaries are paper tigers.
All rebels were already dead.
All recoiled at the sound of his voice and the determined action by which it was accompanied.
All regional trains and buses are running smoothly today.
All religions are equally right, because they're all wrong.
All religions are equally right, because they're all wrong. Only I possess the secrets of the universe.
All religions are equally right.
All religions are equally wrong.
All religions are roads to the same God.
All religions suck.
All religions want peace, it's the others who want war.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man's life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards freedom.
All representatives serve four-year terms.
All reptiles have four legs.
All requests are confidential.
All residents are asked to stay indoors.
All residents are invited to attend.
All residents are invited.
All respect the emperor.
All results are confidential.
All resumes must be in before Friday next week.
All revolutionaries live on coffee and potatoes.
All revolutionary ideas are simple.
All revolutions trace back to the potato.
All right everyone, I'll read a book while you wait to be picked up.
All right everyone, listen up.
All right then!
All right then, show me your palms.
All right then.
All right!
All right! Everybody around me is so encouraging I'm getting a rush of motivation.
All right! Everybody around me is so encouraging Im getting a rush of motivation.
All right! Keep your hair on! I just wanted to mention the subject again, not have a big debate about it.
All right! You will be sorry for this.
All right, I give up.
All right, I will do it again.
All right, I won't do that again.
All right, I won't do that anymore.
All right, I'll be right there.
All right, I'll come.
All right, I'll do it.
All right, I'll do my best.
All right, I'll do that.
All right, I'll go.
All right, I'll let you do it.
All right, I'll tell her.
All right, I'll wait.
All right, I'm in charge now.
All right, I'm listening.
All right, I'm outta here.
All right, I'm ready.
All right, Im outta here.
All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up.
All right, Tom, try it now.
All right, Tom, you've made your point.
All right, all kidding aside, there's something strange about Tom.
All right, all right, I'm going.
All right, all right, don't shout like that. I'll help you.
All right, but don't say I didn't warn you.
All right, calm down.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
All right, do it your own way, but dont blame me if you fail.
All right, everyone, let's not stand on ceremony tonight. Cheers!
All right, everyone, lets not stand on ceremony tonight. Cheers!
All right, everyone, remain calm.
All right, everything is clear to me.
All right, fine. That's it; I give up. You win. I'm leaving. I hope you're satisfied.
All right, get on with it.
All right, give me a kiss.
All right, here we go.
All right, here's the deal.
All right, here's the plan.
All right, hold on a second.
All right, how about her?
All right, knock it off.
All right, let's do this.
All right, let's get back to work.
All right, let's get going.
All right, let's get out of here.
All right, let's get this over with.
All right, let's give it a try.
All right, let's go.
All right, let's just do this.
All right, let's just forget it.
All right, let's move on.
All right, let's play some ball.
All right, let's settle down.
All right, let's talk about it.
All right, let's talk about that.
All right, let's try it again.
All right, listen carefully.
All right, listen to me, all of you.
All right, mate?
All right, people, let's go.
All right, see you at the station on Sunday.
All right, sir. The salad bar is over there.
All right, that's as much as I'm going to get done today.
All right, that's enough.
All right, we heard you the first time.
All right, we'll meet at five.
All right, we'll try it your way.
All right, what do you want to know?
All right, what shall I sing?
All right, what's done is done.
All right, what's going on here?
All right, what's going on?
All right, what's this about?
All right, who are you?
All right-wingers do is make things up and get mad about them.
All right.
All right. How many?
All right. I accept your offer.
All right. I forgive you.
All right. I'll accept your offer.
All right. I'll come as soon as possible.
All right. I'll take it.
All right. I'll translate another fifteen sentences in German, and then leave.
All right. I'm leaving.
All right. If you want, I'll change it.
All right. It's a deal.
All right. Its a deal.
All right. Ill accept your offer.
All right. Ill come as soon as possible.
All right. Ill take it.
All right. Ill translate another fifteen sentences in German, and then leave.
All right. Im leaving.
All right. Please order it.
All right. Please order them.
All right. See you next week.
All right. You've won.
All rights are reserved.
All rights reserved.
All righty.
All rise!
All rise.
All roads lead to Boston.
All roads lead to Elsinore.
All roads lead to Rome.
All rooftops without railings are vertiginous to me, even if I stand far from the ledge.
All rooms have a cable TV.
All round us the sea birds flitted, scolding us for our nearness to their nests among the hills and on the edge of the moor, and they were very tame, as if unused to the sight of man.
All ruined abbeys in Spain should be restored.
All rush in the morning, information comes in the evening.
All sales are final.
All scheduled cruises are closed because of the storm.
All schoolchildren are half price during Christmas break.
All science is experiential; but all experience must be related back to and derives its validity from the conditions and context of consciousness in which it arises, i.e. the totality of our nature.
All scientists are a bit childish.
All scornfully laughed at him.
All seats are reserved.
All sensory pleasures activate the minds of the noble-natured. They shut down the minds of the unnoble.
All sentences on Tatoeba are false, including this one.
All set?
All shall die.
All share the blame.
All she asks is that you apologize.
All she could do was watch him walk away.
All she does is complain.
All she does is gossip.
All she does is point fingers at the neighbours.
All she does is work.
All she got for her pains was ingratitude.
All she left of the apple was the stalk.
All she needed was time.
All she received was a slap on the wrist.
All she said was that we would know when the time came.
All she wants to do is have fun.
All she wants to talk about is her prize-winning rose bush.
All she watches on television and on the Web is English. Even when she watches a Spanish movie, she just reads the English subtitling. She no longer subscribes to TFC, The Filipino Channel, which is full of Tagalog.
All signs point to my day being a difficult one.
All signs point towards success.
All sites have tables, grills, water, and electricity and are served by six bathhouses.
All slaves should show full respect for their masters so they will not bring shame on the name of God and his teaching.
All smell is disease.
All social animals use some methods of communication to exchange information and to maintain an orderly community.
All social interactions, naturally, will involve some degree of insincerity, which I believe is necessary.
All social skills could be used for evil purposes.
All societies have become capitalist.
All socks are very precious.
All sold out!
All sorrows should be tolerable, even if they are great.
All sorts of books lay on the table.
All sorts of people came to the exhibition.
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.
All sorts of rumors rose about her past.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about her.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about him.
All sorts of rumours about her were going round.
All sorts of rumours about him were going round.
All sorts of things happen here.
All sorts of things have changed.
All sorts of toilet luxuries were at hand, pretty coloured soaps, loofahs, lavender-water, ammonia, violet powder, violet scent.
All sound is vibration.
All squares are rectangles.
All started to laugh.
All states are illegitimate.
All stolen cars end up here.
All stood motionless; but when the yell was again repeated, Colonel Ashton snatched a torch from the sconce, and demanding the key of the bridal-chamber from Henry, to whom, as bride's-man, it had been entrusted.
All storeys of the house are made of wood.
All straightway gird them to the feast. These flay / the ribs and thighs, and lay the entrails bare. / Those slice the flesh, and split the quivering prey, / and tend the fires and set the cauldrons in array.
All students are admitted free.
All students are free to use the university library.
All students are supposed to know the school regulations.
All students can learn and succeed, but not in the same way and not in the same day.
All students from the class are present.
All students have access to the library.
All students have free access to the library.
All students have to learn both national languages in mainland Finland.
All students like holidays.
All students looked up to their homeroom teacher.
All students must learn English in order to communicate internationally.
All students of English should have a good English-English dictionary at hand.
All students pass a driving test.
All students were against war.
All students, please sit in the middle of the mosque.
All submissions will be reviewed by a moderator.
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.
All sugar is sweet.
All sugars are sweet.
All summer I stayed at home.
All suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
All swans are white.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now. We'll order them from the main store in Tokyo.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now. Well order them from the main store in Tokyo.
All systems are go.
All systems are online.
All systems are operational.
All talk and no action.
All talking had ceased. Everyone without exception was staring at the last piece of chocolate on the plate. Although everyone wanted it, no one dared take it, lest they be judged impolite. At last the tension became unbearable, and Tom leant forward with a sigh. "We'll just put it out of its misery, then," he said, popping it in his mouth.
All taxpayers have the right to know where their money goes.
All teachers need to go to teacher's college before they are allowed to teach.
All teachings were translated beautifully by Mary into English as hardly anyone could understand any Esperanto.
All tests were carried out two-tailed with a significance level of 5%.
All that I am, I am because of you.
All that I can say to you is at this moment, I know nothing.
All that I know is that Tom and Mary are lying.
All that I know is that Tom is lying.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
All that I want is you!
All that I was looking for was somebody who looked like you.
All that Jack does is sleep.
All that Mary knew was that Tom was lying.
All that New Age stuff is really weird.
All that Sami did was get revenge.
All that Tom needed was money.
All that Tom wanted to do was to see his family again.
All that are tales for idiots.
All that belongs to the past now.
All that changed in 2013.
All that comes from the earth returns to the earth, and what comes from the water returns to the sea.
All that counts in life is intention.
All that day he was ill, and the next day, and the next; and what should become of the cherry-coloured coat? In the tailor's shop in Westgate Street the embroidered silk and satin lay cut out upon the tableone-and-twenty button-holesand who should come to sew them, when the window was barred, and the door was fast locked?
All that day my father was out of humor because he had lost his wallet.
All that doesn't matter anymore.
All that doesn't matter today.
All that doesn't matter.
All that effort - and nothing to show for it. How very depressing.
All that glisters is not gold.
All that glitters is not gold.
All that glitters isn't gold.
All that happened was that the cat knocked over some flowers. There's no need to make such a fuss about it.
All that happened without me knowing about it.
All that has changed now.
All that has changed.
All that has happened before, and will happen again.
All that he can do is to support himself.
All that he knows is that he doesn't know that he knows.
All that he knows is that he doesnt know that he knows.
All that he knows is that he knows.
All that he says is true.
All that is about to change.
All that is allowed to Jupiter is not necessarily allowed to an ox.
All that is an invention of the devil.
All that is beside the point now.
All that is good is iron, the rest is only ferule.
All that is good is iron. Everything else is fennel.
All that is great in this world comes from neurotics. They alone founded our religions and created our masterpieces.
All that is important.
All that is mine I carry with me.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is the inaction of good people.
All that is needed for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.
All that is not given is lost.
All that is old is not bad.
All that is solid melts into air.
All that is to be done is to wait.
All that isn't so serious!
All that junk is not going to get you out of the mess.
All that lives must die.
All that matters is that Tom is happy.
All that matters is to be happy.
All that money has been spent.
All that my love for her does is grow and grow.
All that our elders have said will remain for eternity: everything is rooted in it. We can go so far as to say that there is nothing to add to it, nor to take away from it.
All that parade of emotions exhausted him.
All that people need is basic housing, decent food, decent transportation, adequate education, effective communication, some health care, some entertainment, and a job, nothing really too extravagant. What is a good economic system?
All that read this are beautiful.
All that read this are foolish.
All that read this can read.
All that remains to me now is my daughter.
All that she said was true.
All that stuff belongs to Tom.
All that stuff was for Tom.
All that time the things granddad had said, like the sound of flies flying round a melon, buzzed in my head.
All that was is no more; all that will be is not yet.
All that was left of Bruno's body were a few stray fingers.
All that was left of the zebra was its carcass.
All that was left to our country were regrets and miseries.
All that was left to them was one another.
All that was left was the opening.
All that was on Alberto's mind was girls.
All that was on the table was a cup and saucer.
All that was present was frightened.
All that was thought up by Satan.
All that we know is, nothing can be known.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
All that which is invented, is true.
All that work exhausted me.
All that work made me hungry.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
All that you have to do is to wait for his reply.
All that you have to do to get a good seat is to leave early.
All that you said in the email is right, with the exception of the price.
All that you said in the mail is correct, except the price.
All that you say is perfectly correct.
All that you say is perfectly true. I should be a better man if I did what you advise, but I shouldn't be quite George Edward Challenger. There are plenty of better men, my dear, but only one G.E.C. So make the best of him.
All that's changing now.
All that's in the fridge is milk.
All that's left for me is to drink myself silly with vodka and to get lost in sleep.
All that's left to do is win.
All that's required is one injection and some electronic devices.
All that?
All thats left for me is to drink myself silly with vodka and to get lost in sleep.
All thats left is to wait for the tide.
All thats required is one injection and some electronic devices.
All the Apostles come from noble families amongst their respective peoples.
All the Arabic-speaking detainees were released by the Algerian regime except the activists for the independence of Kabylia, the Mozabite autonomists and the Chaouis Autonomists. This is nothing new with the racist and criminal Algerian regime, but the worst thing is that the Algerians are supporting their imprisonment!
All the Brownies had promised to help, and when a Brownie undertakes a thing he works as busily as a beaver until it is accomplished.
All the CPR efforts have failed.
All the English teachers at my son's school are native speakers.
All the English teachers at my sons school are native speakers.
All the French beans on the allotment this year were leggy.
All the Islamists in the world support Palestine, which is anti-Semitic.
All the Jewish settlements in the West Bank are illegal.
All the King's Men.
All the Parisians have gone outdoors.
All the President's Men.
All the accepted notions and prejudices about flesh being pink.
All the aliens in that sector resemble sea creatures.
All the aliens in that sector speak a common language constructed a millennium ago.
All the animals are going to be put down.
All the animals are happy.
All the announcements were in French.
All the announcements were made in French.
All the answers are correct.
All the answers are in the Quran.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
All the answers were negative.
All the apartments are occupied.
All the apartments on this floor share the same bathroom.
All the apple trees were cut down.
All the apples are gone.
All the apples are here.
All the apples are red.
All the apples are there.
All the apples disappeared.
All the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
All the apples that fall are gobbled up by the pigs.
All the apples that fall from the tree are eaten by the pigs.
All the apples that fell were eaten by the pigs.
All the approach roads to the station are blocked.
All the arguments pointed in the same direction.
All the arrangements for the wedding are done and dusted, and it should be a great day, if the weather cooperates.
All the arrangements should be made prior to our departure.
All the arrangements were made by Tom.
All the artefacts are beautifully preserved.
All the assembly of the children of Israel shall keep it.
All the atolls swarm with various kinds of fishes, amongst which the bonito predominates; and they are very cheap.
All the attackers had knives.
All the attempts to rescue Tom have failed.
All the audience was excited.
All the available inheritance, he received it.
All the babies are crying.
All the babies started crying at the same time.
All the bags are examined at the airport.
All the bales are almost loaded.
All the bank robbers were wearing masks.
All the bears are eating.
All the bedrooms have a bathroom and a television set.
All the bedrooms were clean.
All the benches are taken.
All the best everyone!
All the best for the kids.
All the best seats are already taken.
All the best seats had already been taken.
All the best seats were already taken.
All the best spots were already taken.
All the best to everyone!
All the best wishes on this wonderful day.
All the best with that.
All the best!
All the best.
All the betrayals in this world scares me.
All the birds are gone.
All the birds come to the pond.
All the biscuits are star-shaped.
All the blinds were closed.
All the blinds were shut.
All the boats are equipped with oars.
All the books I read are in Berber.
All the books are here on the table.
All the books called the New Testament were written after his death.
All the books were burned.
All the books were destroyed.
All the books were given away.
All the boxes are empty.
All the boys are honest.
All the boys are playing.
All the boys are the same age.
All the boys didn't laugh at Tom.
All the boys didn't laugh at him.
All the boys didnt laugh at him.
All the boys enjoyed skiing.
All the boys fell for Amanda.
All the boys fell in love with Julia.
All the boys find you fascinating.
All the boys in Mary's class think she's cute.
All the boys in Mary's class think that she's cute.
All the boys in Mary's class wanted to go out with her.
All the boys in class worked hard.
All the boys know me.
All the boys laughed at me.
All the boys liked Sandra.
All the boys looked down.
All the boys love Julia.
All the boys of the high school wanted to date Layla.
All the boys on the team were given new uniforms.
All the boys ran away.
All the boys ran out of their to save their butts.
All the boys showered Amanda with complements and gifts.
All the boys sitting on the wall are Canadians.
All the boys spoke each in turn.
All the boys spoke in turn.
All the boys spoke, each in turn.
All the boys started throwing rocks at the wolves.
All the boys thought Carol was a boring person.
All the boys thought Carol was a dog.
All the boys went away.
All the boys were dancing.
All the boys were in love with Julia.
All the boys were in love with Mary.
All the boys were looking at Tom.
All the boys were screaming.
All the boys were whistling and cheering.
All the boys were yelling.
All the branches were bare.
All the bugs are dead.
All the buildings on this block will be demolished.
All the bus's windows were open.
All the buses are empty.
All the buses are full.
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do; that's what I called "guessing what was at the other side of the hill."
All the cabins are locked.
All the cabins remain shuttered.
All the cabling goes under this cover.
All the campers were gone while their tents were left.
All the candidates failed the exam.
All the candles were lit.
All the carnations I grow end up withering.
All the cars in this garage belong to Tom.
All the cash that was inside of the wallet was gone.
All the cats were meowing loudly.
All the characters in this book are imaginary.
All the characters in this drama are fictional.
All the characters in this drama are fictitious.
All the characters of this comic are girls.
All the charges have been dropped.
All the charges were dropped.
All the cherry trees in the park are in full bloom.
All the children appreciated the fruits.
All the children are already here, but where is Tom?
All the children are healthy?
All the children are playing.
All the children are satisfied with her meals.
All the children burst out laughing.
All the children fell asleep before it got dark.
All the children got presents.
All the children had happy faces.
All the children had smiles on their faces.
All the children hugged their parents.
All the children in this class are very polite.
All the children laughed at Tom.
All the children laughed at me.
All the children like you.
All the children loved and adored Tom.
All the children on the bus were shouting at the driver.
All the children sat around the fire.
All the children sat up and behaved themselves at the party.
All the children seem to be having trouble doing that.
All the children started crying.
All the children started speaking at the same time.
All the children went to bed.
All the children were gathering flowers.
All the children were sitting in a circle on the floor.
All the children were sitting in a circle.
All the children were wearing the same color shirts.
All the children will be liberated.
All the children will receive gifts.
All the church bells pealed and heralds rode through the town proclaiming the nuptials.
All the church bells started ringing at the same time.
All the church bells started ringing together.
All the cinnabons are just for you.
All the citizens of the city have access to the city library.
All the city's hotels are booked up during the festival.
All the class waited for the new teacher.
All the class was obsessed with Ziri, including Rima.
All the clergy are against the new law.
All the clients ran away.
All the clues lead back to Tom.
All the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started.
All the coffee she had had had had no effect.
All the color drained away from his face.
All the color went from Tom's face.
All the colour went from Shoichi's face.
All the colour went from Shoichis face.
All the colours of the rainbow are black.
All the comments are superfluous.
All the common electric lamps (less than 70 watts) are made with vacuums inside.
All the competitors are trying to get their piece of the pie.
All the compositions were good except yours.
All the computers went dark.
All the contact numbers on Ziri's phone were deleted.
All the cookies I bake contain a little salt.
All the cookies have been eaten.
All the cool kids are doing it.
All the cool kids sit in the back of the school bus.
All the countries of Europe carry the name of their invaders.
All the countries of the world should be governed by the civilized rules of international law and human rights, except for that part of the world called Palestine. There, only Biblical rules should apply to the Palestinians.
All the cows are grazing.
All the cows are up here.
All the crates had been emptied.
All the crew left except for Tom.
All the crew were saved.
All the crew were tired.
All the criminal charges were trumped-up and the three Taliban detainees had to be released.
All the critics praised the new movie.
All the culture that is most truly native centres round things which even when they are communal are not official  the pub, the football match, the back garden, the fireside and the 'nice cup of tea'.
All the curtains were closed.
All the dancers are females.
All the data is encrypted to ensure the security of the user ID and password.
All the data on my computer is encrypted.
All the day they broke my head.
All the days of the earth, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, night and day, shall not cease.
All the days went by, one like another.
All the deaths from the virus so far in Italy have involved people over the age of 60, most of whom had pre-existing health conditions.
All the delegates knew they must discuss it.
All the delegates voted to approve it.
All the desk drawers were empty.
All the desk's drawers are empty.
All the desks were covered with dust.
All the details may not be known. But a news story should include the latest version of events based on verified facts.
All the details will be discussed today.
All the dinner had been eaten before he came.
All the dishes are chipped.
All the divers already had their wet suits on.
All the divine religions in the world defend the concept of Holy War.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
All the doctors at our surgery are under forty.
All the doctors say that I shouldn't drink coffee, but, despite that, I do have a bit now and then when I'm in good company.
All the doctors were Muslim.
All the doctors efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
All the documents are in French.
All the documents in these folders need to be shredded.
All the documents were in French.
All the dogs are alive.
All the dogs on the housing estate give Mary's cat a wide berth.
All the dogs survived.
All the dogs were straining at their leashes.
All the doors are closed.
All the doors are locked.
All the doors are open, but there is no draft.
All the doors are slammed shut on the faces of young people.
All the doors are wide open, but there is no draft.
All the doors have been locked.
All the doors in the house are locked.
All the doors of the classrooms opened.
All the doors of the house were closed.
All the doors of the house were locked.
All the doors were closed.
All the doors were locked.
All the drivers that use this road are experienced.
All the drowsy recuperation in my brain burned off like morning mist.
All the early flowers were bitten by the frost.
All the efforts of the doctors were of no avail.
All the efforts of the doctors were to no avail.
All the efforts went down the drain.
All the efforts were in vain.
All the eggs in the box were broken.
All the eggs went bad.
All the elements of a data structure are public by default.
All the employees but one handed in their notices.
All the energy was wasted.
All the engines are in good condition.
All the engines fired off.
All the essays apart from yours were good.
All the essays were good apart from yours.
All the essays, other than yours, were good.
All the events described in this story are imaginary.
All the evidence is against me.
All the evidence is against you.
All the evidence points to his guilt.
All the evidence suggests that Tom was murdered.
All the evidence was against me.
All the ewes are here, except for one.
All the exams are now behind us.
All the expenses will fall on the sponsor.
All the fallen apples were eaten by the pigs.
All the family gathered for a feast.
All the family got out of the car.
All the family have breakfast on the balcony.
All the family meet at evening meals.
All the family set off on the trip.
All the faults you've just listed describe you perfectly.
All the fields we used to play in as children were taken over by Evangelical churches.
All the figures matched.
All the files seem to be corrupted. For this reason, I will send them after lunch.
All the files were gone.
All the files were lost.
All the films are boring.
All the fire extinguishers worked, so there were no casualties.
All the fish in this lake died from cyanide poisoning.
All the flats are occupied.
All the flights on March 30th were fully booked.
All the flights to Boston have been canceled.
All the flooring in her house is wooden.
All the floors in her house are made of wood.
All the flowers in the garden are yellow.
All the flowers in the garden died for lack of water.
All the flowers in the garden dried up.
All the flowers in the garden wilted due to lack of water.
All the flowers in the garden withered.
All the food is gone.
All the food is organic and local.
All the food was gone.
All the foods on the Thanksgiving table have been subjected to HACCP regulations.
All the friends that I sent invitations to came to the party.
All the fruit has gone bad.
All the fruit is rotten.
All the fruit went bad.
All the furniture in our house was made by Tom.
All the furniture in the abandoned house was covered with dust.
All the furniture in the room was all worn out.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
All the furniture was old and worn out.
All the galaxies in the universe were dyed green, yellow and blue when Pel's soul reached heaven.
All the girls are crazy about Tom.
All the girls around her say she's got it coming.
All the girls around her say shes got it coming.
All the girls climbed shrieking upon their desks.
All the girls fancied him.
All the girls fancy him.
All the girls found him irresistible.
All the girls helped each other.
All the girls immediately fell in love with James.
All the girls in Mary's class like her.
All the girls in Tom's class are beautiful.
All the girls in Tom's class are in love with him.
All the girls in Tom's class like him.
All the girls in Tom's class think he's handsome.
All the girls in Tom's class think that Tom is really good-looking.
All the girls in my class are kind.
All the girls know me.
All the girls laughed at me.
All the girls laughed.
All the girls like Tom.
All the girls like singing.
All the girls looked up.
All the girls love Tom.
All the girls seem to have fallen in love with Tom.
All the girls teased me.
All the girls think he's the bomb.
All the girls think it is right.
All the girls think it's right.
All the girls voted for Daniel.
All the girls wanted to dance with Tom.
All the girls were carrying umbrellas.
All the girls were crying.
All the girls were dancing, but none of the boys were.
All the girls were drooling over Ziri.
All the girls were in miniskirts.
All the girls were jealous of her looks.
All the girls were laughing.
All the girls were wearing miniskirts.
All the girls zeroed in on Jessica at once.
All the goldfish died.
All the good are friends of one another.
All the good ones are already taken.
All the good seats are already taken.
All the good seats were already taken.
All the goods for sale are set out on the tables.
All the government ministers have resigned.
All the guards saluted.
All the guests came with gifts.
All the guests did justice to his wife's cooking.
All the guests did justice to his wifes cooking.
All the guests have gone home.
All the guests have gone.
All the guests have left.
All the guests were holding glasses.
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.
All the guns fired towards Pietro.
All the guys Ziri talked about were ex-cons.
All the guys cared about was Jessica's looks.
All the guys drool over her.
All the guys laughed.
All the guys teased me about it.
All the guys were laughing.
All the hairs on my back stood up.
All the hard work paid off.
All the hard work was wasted.
All the hate I see in the world is really scaring me.
All the hearings are behind closed doors.
All the hens are already in the henhouse.
All the holy women trusted in God.
All the hopes of the Belarusian people are set exclusively on the first President of the Republic of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, and his son Kolya.
All the hornets flew out of the nest.
All the horses we saw were black.
All the hostages were released unharmed.
All the hot guys are already taken.
All the hotels are sold out.
All the hotels in town are full.
All the house was asleep, and the fire burning low, when, from far up the chimney, came down a "Ho! ho!".
All the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that I can't tell them apart.
All the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that I cant tell them apart.
All the houses in town were empty.
All the houses on my street lost power this morning due to the storm.
All the houses on the street look the same.
All the houses on the street that Tom lives on look the same.
All the houses on this street look the same.
All the houses on this street were built by the same people.
All the houses there have two stories.
All the houses were gone.
All the houses were shaking and alarms were ringing everywhere.
All the humans were replaced by robots.
All the ice melted in just a single day.
All the ills of democracy can be cured by more democracy.
All the immortals are full-grown; there are no children among them.
All the industries in the city are booming.
All the information is encrypted.
All the ingredients are fresh.
All the ingredients are organic.
All the inmates are present and accounted for.
All the inmates seek revenge against Ziri.
All the intestines have been removed.
All the ivy seems to have completely died.
All the jazz greats were there.
All the jobs I aspired to were denied to me due to my haemophilia.
All the juniors were summoned.
All the kids I grew up with could swim before they started going to school.
All the kids are awake.
All the kids are doing that.
All the kids are doing the backpack kid dance.
All the kids at school made fun of me because I was fat.
All the kids jumped up, yelling: "Santa!"
All the kids laughed and even the teacher giggled.
All the kids lined up to have their faces painted.
All the kids looked at Tom with admiration, as he counted to ten with his fingers.
All the kids love this teacher.
All the kids love to play jump rope.
All the kids were dancing and singing.
All the kids were dancing.
All the kids were terrified of that teacher.
All the king's daughters were beautiful.
All the king's men.
All the king's subjects, fearing his wrath, often acted quite servile.
All the kings subjects, fearing his wrath, often acted quite servile.
All the knowledge man has of science and of machinery, by the aid of which his existence is rendered comfortable upon earth, and without which he would be scarcely distinguishable in appearance and condition from a common animal, comes from the great machine and structure of the universe.
All the ladies were busy studying her clothes and head-dress, so that they might have theirs made next day after the same pattern, provided they could meet with such fine materials and able hands to make them.
All the ladies wore evening dress.
All the land in this area is privately owned.
All the land which thou seest, I will give to thee, and to thy seed for ever.
All the languages are subject to variations.
All the languages have a culture.
All the languages of the world are beautiful.
All the languages of the world are rich.
All the languages of the world contain foreign words.
All the languages on Tatoeba are equal. And some of them are more equal.
All the laurels belong to him.
All the leaves have fallen.
All the leaves on the tree have turned yellow.
All the leaves on the tree turned yellow.
All the lectures I'm going to today are in the morning.
All the letters I received from Tom were in French.
All the letters on the desk are addressed to Tom.
All the letters that I received from Tom were in French.
All the light goes through there.
All the lights are off in the building opposite my window.
All the lights are still on.
All the lights have been turned off.
All the lights in Yanni's apartment were on.
All the lights in that house were turned off.
All the lights in the building have gone out.
All the lights in the building went out in an instant.
All the lights in the city suddenly went out.
All the lights in the pub were out.
All the lights in the store turned off.
All the lights of the house appeared to be on.
All the lights suddenly went out.
All the lights went out and the apartment was plunged into darkness.
All the lights went out.
All the lights were off.
All the lights were on.
All the lights were out.
All the locks in the house are new.
All the love Ziri had for Rima turned into anger.
All the magazines are going to trash.
All the man could do was obey them.
All the meals were free.
All the meat had spoiled.
All the meat was bad.
All the media propaganda in the world didn't scare them.
All the members agreed.
All the members but me have faith in what he says.
All the members made much of her opinion.
All the members of our club, excluding me, are men.
All the members of the band were Ukrainian.
All the members of the club agreed with me.
All the members of the club were present at the meeting.
All the members of the committee consented to my proposal.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
All the members were not present at the meeting yesterday.
All the members were present at the meeting.
All the members were present.
All the memories slipped away.
All the men are hardworking.
All the men in Tom's family are bald.
All the men in our club are bachelors.
All the men in our group have beards.
All the men present were wearing tuxedos.
All the men stood up when Mary entered the room.
All the men that I know love cars!
All the men turned and looked at Mary as she entered the room.
All the men turned and started to walk away.
All the men were found guilty.
All the men were wearing dark suits and white shirts.
All the men were wearing ties.
All the money Gabor has is stolen.
All the money he won in the lottery brought him nothing but misery.
All the money in the world is useless when you're dead.
All the money in the world isn't enough to buy me.
All the money in the world will not be enough to satiate his greed.
All the money in the world won't help you if you're stuck on a desert island.
All the money is gone.
All the money is lost.
All the money put together still won't be enough.
All the money put together still wont be enough.
All the money ran out.
All the money spent, we started looking for work.
All the money was gone.
All the money was spent on clothes.
All the money we collected went to Tom.
All the money we earned went to Tom.
All the more so to think well of him.
All the more so.
All the most deadly poisons were in her laboratory.
All the motels on this road are full.
All the motorway lanes are choked with cars.
All the muscles in your body are tense.
All the museums in my city are in the centre.
All the museums of my city are in the city centre.
All the names are in alphabetical order.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
All the natural dye materials came from the surrounding fields; leaves from olive trees produce a light yellow, madder root dyes wool orange-red, henna produces brown or dark green, and, my favorite, carrot greens make a brilliant, sunshine yellow.
All the naughts in the universe are equal to one naught alone, in regard to their substance and value.
All the necessary infrastructure was hastily built in five months.
All the necklaces that Tom sells are ones he makes himself.
All the neighbors united to clean up the park.
All the neighbours came to the wedding.
All the neighbours made a concerted effort to clean up the park.
All the newspapers reported it.
All the newspapers were reporting on it.
All the newspapers wrote about Donald.
All the nurses at this hospital are very kind.
All the nurses of this hospital are very kind.
All the officers and men joined their efforts against the attack.
All the oil in the lamp has been used.
All the old despots were demagogues; at least, they were demagogues whenever they were really trying to please or impress the demos. If they poured out beer for their vassals it was because both they and their vassals had a taste for beer. If (in some slightly different mood) they poured melted lead on their vassals, it was because both they and their vassals had a strong distaste for melted lead.
All the old journals have been sold.
All the old magazines are sold out.
All the old magazines have been sold.
All the old men in our village have long beards.
All the old trees were cut down and low bushes were planted in their place.
All the options are on the table.
All the orchestra were pleased with their success.
All the organic matter in the compost pile is decomposing.
All the other albums are different.
All the other boys have left.
All the other boys laughed at Tom.
All the other boys laughed at him.
All the other boys laughed at me.
All the other boys stared at Tom in anger.
All the other boys were younger than Tom.
All the other children in the school had rich parents, and he was beginning to feel like a fish out of water.
All the other girls were older than Mary.
All the other issues are subordinate to this one.
All the other kids do it.
All the other languages are easier than Uighur.
All the other little rabbits came out to see how happy they both were, and they danced in a wedding circle around the little black rabbit and little white rabbit.
All the other parts of the New Testament, except the book of enigmas, called the Revelations, are a collection of letters under the name of epistles.
All the other teenagers have nice cars.
All the other windows are open.
All the others are there.
All the others entered the house.
All the others went into the house.
All the paintings in the room hung crooked.
All the papers featured the case.
All the papers were taped up and kept in the safe.
All the parents were present at the kids' school celebration.
All the parking lots were full.
All the parking spaces in front of the bank were full.
All the parking spaces in front of the bank were taken.
All the parking spots are taken.
All the parking spots were taken.
All the participants gathered in the main hall.
All the participants in the study were under thirty.
All the participants seemed to agree.
All the participants were Canadians.
All the passengers aboard were killed in the crash.
All the passengers are accounted for.
All the passengers are in mortal danger.
All the passengers began to panic.
All the passengers died in the crash.
All the passengers died, but he survived.
All the passengers died, but the pilot and copilot survived.
All the passengers got seasick during the storm.
All the passengers left the plane in a hurry.
All the passengers on the bus seemed to be asleep.
All the passengers on the bus seemed to be sleeping.
All the passengers on the cruise ship suddenly became constipated because the ship's chef accidentally used cement in the biscuits.
All the passengers were able to swim to safety.
All the passengers were evacuated from the plane.
All the passengers were killed in the airplane crash.
All the passengers were killed in the crash.
All the passengers were requested to get off the train.
All the passengers were saved from drowning.
All the passengers were speaking in French.
All the past endures because it is not curable.
All the past was better.
All the patients eventually died.
All the people are in favor of your idea.
All the people felt for the victims deeply.
All the people here serve Tom.
All the people in that city converted to Islam.
All the people in the audience cheered.
All the people in the audience got up to leave.
All the people in the village know her.
All the people in this room are men.
All the people in this room know each other.
All the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
All the people in this world havent had the advantages that youve had.
All the people in whom he believed betrayed him.
All the people inside this room are the same gender.
All the people laughed at the story.
All the people on earth are brothers.
All the people praised him for his honesty.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
All the people were moved by his speech.
All the people who go to church believe in God.
All the people who had been condemned were killed.
All the people who know Damiano are on Mars.
All the people who were here have left.
All the people who were in the gate, and the elders, said, "We are witnesses. May the Lord make the woman who has come into your house like Rachel and like Leah, which both built the house of Israel; and treat you worthily in Ephrathah, and be famous in Bethlehem. Let your house be like the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah, of the offspring which the Lord will give you by this young woman."
All the peoples of the world don't give a damn about the problems of Kabylia, it's up to the Kabyle people to solve their own problems.
All the phone calls that have been made came from the very same place.
All the phones were ringing.
All the photographs and videos of the aeroplane dropping teddy bears are claimed to be falsification and provocation by Belarusian authorities.
All the photos were posted on her Twitter profile.
All the photos were posted on his Twitter profile.
All the pieces Ellie creates are made of recycled or donated fabrics.
All the pieces fit together.
All the pipes froze last winter.
All the planes are grounded.
All the plates on the table are the same.
All the players did their best.
All the players stood there with their arms folded.
All the players walked off the field.
All the players were in position.
All the pods are empty.
All the police cars were equipped with bulletproof glass.
All the police officers were equipped with shields to defend themselves against the rioters.
All the popular girls sit at the same table in the cafeteria.
All the positions are full.
All the positions have been filled.
All the power in the world means nothing if you don't know how to use it properly.
All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this specter; Pope and Czar, Mettemich and Guizot, French radicals and German police spies.
All the predictions are pessimistic.
All the prices are on the site.
All the prints are fresh.
All the prisoners escaped.
All the prisoners have been set free.
All the problems haven't been solved yet.
All the problems we mentioned converge into one main issue.
All the proceeds go in wages.
All the property of Fyodor belongs to Rima.
All the property will go to his daughter.
All the proposals are tentative.
All the proposals were accepted.
All the public schools were closed.
All the pupils are present.
All the pupils at our school study French.
All the pupils in the class are present.
All the pupils in the class like Miss Smith.
All the pupils paid attention.
All the pupils were paying attention.
All the pupils were there.
All the questions apply to your sick child.
All the questions were difficult to answer.
All the questions were easy to answer.
All the questions were hard to answer.
All the queues at the checkouts are long.
All the rangers should leave.
All the recluses take care of Mary.
All the responsibility falls on my shoulders.
All the rest is propaganda.
All the rest of the night I tossed and tumbled, framing theory after theory, each more unlikely than the last.
All the restaurants on the marketplace were packed; only Tom's Tavern was quiet.
All the resuscitation efforts have failed.
All the right does is make shit up and yell about it.
All the rivers run into the sea, yet the sea is not full. To the place where the rivers flow, there they flow again.
All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.
All the roads leading into the city are full of cars.
All the roads leading to the station are blocked.
All the roads to the city are closed today.
All the roads were congested.
All the rooms are taken.
All the rooms had bunk beds.
All the rooms need renovating.
All the rooms need to be renovated.
All the royalties went to charity.
All the rumors of his bribes, scandals and lovers soon blew over.
All the rust was removed.
All the sails were taken down.
All the sales assistants were nice.
All the salesmen and saleswomen are going on strike next week.
All the salesmen and saleswomen are striking next week.
All the salespeople are going on strike next week.
All the salespeople are striking next week.
All the same, I want to see it.
All the same, I'd like to stay here.
All the same, it is very rare.
All the same, it's very rare.
All the same, we still need a scientific account of how exactly pains are caused by brain processes.
All the sausages had gone mouldy and had to be thrown away. No one quite knew how that could've happened.
All the school's classrooms have just been repainted.
All the schools are closed on that holiday.
All the sciences are branches from the same stem.
All the seating areas are taken.
All the seats are booked.
All the seats are occupied.
All the seats are reserved.
All the seats are sold in advance.
All the seats in this train are non-smoking.
All the seats on this train are designated for nonsmokers.
All the seats were filled.
All the second-graders gather outside the music hall.
All the sentences are checked by native speakers.
All the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock.
All the ships shortened sail, and there was fear and trembling on every side, but she sat quietly on her floating iceberg watching the blue lightning flash in zigzags down on to the shining sea.
All the ships were destroyed in the storm.
All the shops are already closed.
All the shops are closed.
All the shops are now closed.
All the shops were closed.
All the shops will be closed tomorrow.
All the shutters were down.
All the signs are that Tom is getting better.
All the signs are that she is getting better.
All the signs of deteriorating weather were appearing.
All the silly things that were done in Avonlea that summer because the doers thereof were "dared" to do them would fill a book by themselves.
All the skill of the sailors fell before the violence of the storm.
All the skill of the sailors gave way to the violence of the storm.
All the skyscrapers looked similar.
All the snow has already melted.
All the snow on the mountain has disappeared.
All the sofas in this store are brown.
All the soldiers laughed.
All the soldiers looked very young.
All the soldiers stood in a line.
All the soldiers stood in line.
All the soldiers stood side by side.
All the soldiers were brave.
All the soldiers were called out by the king to defend the castle against all opposition.
All the soldiers were gallant.
All the soldiers were wearing black ski masks.
All the soldiers wore black ski masks.
All the songs I sang for you today were written by me.
All the songs that Tom writes sound alike to me.
All the songs that we sang today were written by Tom.
All the songs we plan to sing are in French.
All the songs we sang today were written by Tom.
All the songs we sang tonight were written by Tom.
All the songs we sang were written by Tom Jackson.
All the songs we're singing tonight were written by Tom.
All the souls that went with Jacob into Egypt, and that came out of his thigh, besides his sons' wives, sixty-six.
All the speeches but one were in French.
All the speeches except one were in French.
All the speeches were in French.
All the spots were already taken.
All the spots were taken.
All the staff are invited to the party.
All the stoat-related sentences I've been adding are really just a set-up for one big joke.
All the stolen goods were recovered.
All the stones have been moved.
All the stores are already closed.
All the stores are closed already.
All the stores are closed.
All the stores at this hour were closed.
All the stores on this street have closed.
All the stores were closed up.
All the stores were closed.
All the stores will be closed tomorrow.
All the stories Tom told us were interesting.
All the stories are interesting.
All the stories that Tom told us were interesting.
All the streets in this area are named after famous people.
All the strikers came out of the building in indignation.
All the students applaud.
All the students applauded.
All the students are already in the classroom.
All the students are fed up with his lecture.
All the students are present.
All the students are studying English.
All the students attended the party.
All the students began talking at once.
All the students burst into laughter.
All the students clapped their hands.
All the students come from Australia.
All the students come from the US.
All the students demonstrated against the war.
All the students forgot to read that book.
All the students go home early on Saturday.
All the students have gone home.
All the students here must study French.
All the students in Mr. Jackson's class study very hard.
All the students in my class are friendly.
All the students in the class like Mr. Smith.
All the students in the class like Tom.
All the students like holidays.
All the students look up to him.
All the students look up to their homeroom teacher.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
All the students on this list are Canadians.
All the students passed the test.
All the students protested against the war.
All the students ran for cover.
All the students recognized her as their representative.
All the students respect their home room teacher.
All the students returned home.
All the students sang the song together.
All the students seemed to be waiting for something to happen.
All the students shouted with joy.
All the students stood up when Dan played the national anthem.
All the students stood up.
All the students study English.
All the students went home.
All the students were against the war.
All the students were demonstrating against the war.
All the students were in the lunch room.
All the students were present.
All the students were there.
All the students were wearing black T-shirts.
All the students will partake in the play.
All the students will participate in the play.
All the stuff that you left in my garage is still there.
All the stuff you left in my garage is still there.
All the sugar fell on the ground.
All the sugar spilled on the floor.
All the suitcases were still on the porch.
All the supplies ran out.
All the sweet talk was just a ruse to get her into bed.
All the tales of miracles, with which the Old and New Testament are filled, are fit only for impostors to preach and fools to believe.
All the talk about world war is just a scarecrow.
All the tasks have been carried out as required.
All the tasks have been duly fulfilled.
All the tasks have been fulfilled satisfactorily.
All the teachers and pupils we spoke to described Tom as easy-going.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom and Mary are easy to get along with.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with.
All the teachers at our school have a university degree.
All the teachers were here.
All the teachers were in the pub.
All the teachers were putting up Christmas decorations.
All the teachers were there.
All the teams gathered on stage behind the judges.
All the telephones in the editorial office of our newspaper are tapped.
All the televisions are tuned to Fox News.
All the televisions were tuned to Fox News.
All the things I bought have already arrived.
All the things you saw were hallucinations.
All the tickets are sold out.
All the tickets have been sold.
All the tickets sold out in an hour.
All the tickets were sold out.
All the time she suffered no pain, and also she suffered none in giving birth to her son, for pious women are not included in the curse pronounced upon Eve, decreeing sorrow in conception and in childbearing.
All the time that she was telling me this story she never once looked in my direction, and her voice was quite unlike her usual tones. It was evident to me that she was saying what was false.
All the time that she was telling me this story she never once looked in my direction.
All the time they give their views in the group.
All the time, they have money for them buying alcohol in a shop.
All the top teams of the UK are in the premier division.
All the toponymy of Israel is Jewish.
All the tourists come here to see the palace.
All the tourists took the same pictures.
All the tournament's matches will be streamed live on the internet.
All the towels are wet and smelly.
All the towels are wet.
All the town needs is a bathhouse with jacuzzis and saunas.
All the toxicity in this office has left me feeling demotivated.
All the toys are made of wood.
All the traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident.
All the trainees share the burden of toil.
All the translations you suggested are good. I chose the simplest one.
All the trees were cut down.
All the tribes shall mourn.
All the trouble Tom has ever got into was caused by alcohol.
All the truth is not to be told at all time.
All the uni students are under the pump because everything is due on Friday.
All the vegetables are locally grown.
All the vehicles behaved well on their test runs.
All the vibraslap does is remind everyone of the band Cake, which may be undesirable in some situations.
All the villagers in turn saluted the priest.
All the villagers know him.
All the villagers know of the accident.
All the villagers went into the mountains to look for a missing cat.
All the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat.
All the villagers were invited to the feast.
All the villages were beautiful.
All the visitors returned home one after another.
All the visitors went back home one after another.
All the waitresses like Tom because he always leaves large tips.
All the walls in my house need painted.
All the way to the end, "Tom and Mary" was a hopeless and depressing story.
All the wealth in the world is useless when death comes knocking on your door.
All the wealth in the world is worthless when you're dead.
All the windows are closed.
All the windows are locked.
All the windows are open.
All the windows are shut.
All the windows face south.
All the windows have been closed.
All the windows have been locked.
All the windows have been opened.
All the windows in the rooms are closed.
All the windows in the rooms are open.
All the windows were boarded up.
All the windows were closed.
All the windows were open.
All the windows were sealed shut.
All the wine's been drunk.
All the winnings went to Tom.
All the women here are beautiful.
All the women in the room screamed at the same time.
All the women in the room screamed.
All the women in the room were Canadians.
All the women in the world are very beautiful.
All the women thought Tom and John were really handsome.
All the women thought Tom was really handsome.
All the women turned their attention to Janos.
All the women were screaming.
All the wood-nymphs dress in that color and know no other so desirable.
All the words are taken from ordinary present-day language.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
All the work we did was just for nothing.
All the workers at this factory are female.
All the workers ate a quick lunch at their desks.
All the workers went home save one.
All the workers who are lazy must be fired.
All the workmen ogled Mary as she walked by.
All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes.
All the world desires peace.
All the world is a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances, and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
All the world is divided into three types of people - finger-users, chopstick-users, and fork-users.
All the world loves a lover.
All the world speaks English.
All the world wishes to have peace.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
All the years I've known you, you're still the same.
All the years subsequent to 2016 have been very warm without El Nino.
All the young bats were happy to be flying. They flew around the lake and through the pine trees.
All the young dogs run quickly.
All their children were born in Algeria.
All their efforts were in vain.
All their great-grandparents were dead before Tom and Mary were born.
All their lines are busy right now.
All their movies are dubbed into English.
All their plans have gone wrong.
All their secrets have been revealed.
All theory, my friend, is grey, but green is life's glad golden tree.
All these apples are very sweet.
All these are correct.
All these are for Tom.
All these are from Tom.
All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: these things their father spoke to them, and he blessed every one with their proper blessings.
All these are ways of exceeding the bounds imposed on us by human nature.
All these bananas are bruised.
All these belong to Tom.
All these books are mine.
All these books are yours.
All these books were organised by category, without differentiating the various languages.
All these books were organised by category, without regard to language.
All these books will be worth their weight in gold someday.
All these boxes are empty.
All these clays need to be fired at high temperatures.
All these coincidences are starting to give me the creeps.
All these conditions are signs of what is called a hangover.
All these details exalted my young imagination.
All these devices are unreliable.
All these eggs are not fresh.
All these eggs aren't fresh.
All these events go against my plans.
All these festivities were in honour of his birthday.
All these flowers are the works of Love: these plants and shrubs are his offspring.  Through him these rivers flow, and these zephyrs breathe. Whoever is smitten by him is struck, as it were, with madness.
All these fucking cats are terrorizing us.
All these goods are heavily taxed.
All these government decrees are contradictory and meaningless.
All these green leaves will turn red in autumn.
All these houses were built by Tom Jackson.
All these insecurities are rooted in childhood.
All these items sell equally well.
All these jackasses started to laugh at me.
All these lands are wasted.
All these late nights were beginning to tell on my health.
All these letters are addressed to you.
All these louses started to laugh at me.
All these methods work.
All these movies are boring.
All these mushrooms are poisonous.
All these new blocks will undoubtedly impact the loading speed of the home page.
All these notions I have long since abandoned.
All these objects are similar.
All these pencils are mine.
All these pens are Tom's.
All these people knew Tom.
All these people know Tom.
All these people live on in my books.
All these people need to be hospitalized and treated.
All these pictures are of me.
All these pictures are of you.
All these pictures were taken by me.
All these plants here are poisonous.
All these plants really brighten up the house.
All these products are made in Algeria.
All these projects eat up shedloads of money.
All these questions have one thing in common: they concern strategy, order, and sovereignty.
All these seeds were carefully planted in the new beds between the pool and the orchard, where we could water them plentifully, and Stella, with the instincts of the true gardener, babied and tended those seedlings almost as if they were human.
All these sentences about jam are making me fancy a jam sandwich.
All these sentences need a full stop.
All these smells remind me of the Christmases of my childhood.
All these soccer tournaments are a scam.
All these socks, and not a single match?
All these squirrels are triple vaccinated and are talking about the fourth vaccination. Tom, however, is a vaccine refuser.
All these textiles are produced in low-wage countries.
All these things are Tom's.
All these things are burnt into my memory. I shall never forget them.
All these things are different today than from how they were before, when I was younger.
All these things are mine.
All these things are true.
All these things are ultimately mutable.
All these things cost money.
All these things serve to add to our happiness.
All these things were confiscated by Tom.
All these three cars of yours are red.
All these traditions are monstrously outdated.
All these vegetables are grown locally.
All these vegetables are locally grown.
All these words are spelled with a hyphen.
All these years later, it's still one of my favourite albums.
All they do is gossip!
All they do is gossip.
All they do is lie.
All they do is play.
All they do is talk about religion.
All they do is work.
All they eat is rice.
All they ever think of is money, money, money.
All they found in the loft was old junk.
All they had to do was show up on time.
All they had to do was stop.
All they had was each other.
All they had was one another.
All they know is how to bark.
All they show us is girls in bathing suits!
All they talk about is nonsense.
All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
All they want to do is make a lot of money.
All things about Islam are perfect.
All things are for all men, since all men have need of them, since all men have worked in the measure of their strength to produce them, and since it is not possible to evaluate every one's part in the production of the world's wealth.
All things are full of weariness beyond uttering. The eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
All things are implicated with one another, and the bond is holy; and there is hardly anything unconnected with any other things. For things have been co-ordinated, and they combine to make up the same universe. For there is one universe made up of all things, and one god who pervades all things, and one substance, and one law, and one reason.
All things are in God's hands.
All things are in the hands of God.
All things are lawful for me, but not all things are profitable. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be mastered by anything.
All things are numbers.
All things are obedient to money.
All things are poison, and nothing is without poison; only the dose permits something not to be poisonous.
All things are possible except skiing through a revolving door.
All things are possible if you believe.
All things are possible.
All things are subject to interpretation; whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
All things being equal, I should be able to make the reunion next month.
All things can be overcome as long as the truth is known.
All things change, and we also change with them.
All things change.
All things come and go, but love always remains in the end.
All things come to those that wait.
All things come to those who wait.
All things considered, I think we could say that the meeting was successful and met its objectives.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and support your old parents.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
All things considered, I'd rather be in Australia.
All things considered, I'd rather be in Boston.
All things considered, and it's just my opinion but, I think that the value of a present changes depending on how much thought is put into it.
All things considered, and its just my opinion but, I think that the value of a present changes depending on how much thought is put into it.
All things considered, he has a happy life.
All things considered, he is a good teacher.
All things considered, he led a happy life.
All things considered, it is probably a better approach.
All things considered, it was a successful day.
All things considered, it's set up so it isn't possible to win.
All things considered, its set up so it isnt possible to win.
All things considered, my father's life was a happy one.
All things considered, she is a fairly good wife.
All things considered, we can not say that it is wrong.
All things considered, we cannot say that he is wrong.
All things considered, we cannot say that it is wrong.
All things considered, we'll adopt his project.
All things considered, well adopt his project.
All things cooperated to make her pass the exam.
All things die in time.
All things great are wound up with all things little.
All things have a purpose.
All things have advantages and disadvantages. Just like people.
All things have pros and cons. Just like people.
All things hidden will be seen.
All things in time.
All things living have order. Even though we like to think not. It's what makes the living different from the non living. Try to be random, it will only be as random as the environment allows. All things persuade all things.
All things must come to an end someday.
All things must have an end.
All things must pass.
All things on the Earth are made of atoms.
All things pass away except to love God.
All things taken into consideration, her life is a happy one.
All things taken into consideration, my father's life was a happy one.
All things taken into consideration, my fathers life was a happy one.
All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
All thirty people on board died.
All thirty people on board were killed.
All thirty people were rescued.
All this belongs to Tom.
All this bickering is starting to fray my nerves.
All this brings up new questions.
All this brooding agitates me.
All this came to him while the little old man was looking up into his face, chuckling, and shaking his hand as if he were one of the most important and most greatly to be desired personages in the world.
All this can lead to serious illness.
All this can wait until tomorrow.
All this complaining has got to stop.
All this could be for nothing.
All this could lead to something good and transformative.
All this damage is the result of the storm.
All this drinking will sooner or later catch up with you.
All this exercising has made me hungry.
All this food is scaring me.
All this garbage needs to be rid of.
All this happened because of the seeds of hope you planted.
All this happens within milliseconds.
All this has been for nothing.
All this has been known for a long time.
All this has changed.
All this has now changed.
All this he did just for himself.
All this he experienced on his own.
All this he sings, and ravished at the song, / Tyrians and Trojan guests the loud applause prolong.
All this impulse buying is going to leave you saddled with debt.
All this is absurd.
All this is done by hand.
All this is driving me crazy.
All this is for my personal use.
All this is forbidden.
All this is handmade.
All this is just meaningless verbiage.
All this is necessary.
All this is new to me.
All this is new to you, isn't it?
All this is normal.
All this is prepared for Tom.
All this is pretty normal in Algeria.
All this is simple and easy to understand.
All this is still for me a riddle and a wonder.
All this is still new to me.
All this is strange to me.
All this is strange.
All this is true.
All this is visible to numerous observers.
All this is your fault.
All this is, of course, highly suspicious.
All this junk needs to be hauled away.
All this junk needs to be thrown away.
All this land is owned by Tom.
All this light pollution is unfortunate; I wish I could see the Milky Way.
All this makes my head spin.
All this may sound strange, but it is true.
All this metal is bad.
All this money won't help you now.
All this paperwork just clutters my desk.
All this random shit is making me dizzy.
All this reading is giving me a headache.
All this running has made me hungry.
All this seems kind of sketchy.
All this struck her as extremely odd.
All this stuff can be sold.
All this stuff can be thrown away.
All this stuff is Tom's.
All this stuff is mine.
All this stuff should be thrown away.
All this stuff won't fit in my suitcase.
All this stuff won't fit into that box.
All this talk about Earth nation-states and ethnicities sounds very mundane to a science-fiction fan like myself. I imagine alien empires in outer space and such things.
All this talk about theft has primed me to look at anyone as a potential pickpocket.
All this talk has made me hungry.
All this talk is making me hungry.
All this talk of Egypt today makes me want to go there.
All this talk of food is making me hungry.
All this technical jargon is gibberish to me.
All this time he never gave us a sign.
All this time we kept an untold secret.
All this toing and froing is driving me mad.
All this took place in probably less than a second.
All this walking is killing the soles of my feet and my toes. I wonder if I have the right size shoes.
All this was done in a moment. Fairies are not long in doing their work.
All this was forest.
All this was happening in Algeria before the Coronavirus pandemic.
All this was new stuff to me.
All this was very sad for the poor little duckling.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
All those I didn't call by name, go outside.
All those bastards do is complain.
All those bones and stuff are floating towards the ship.
All those books are mine.
All those books piled up on the shelf remind me of how much reading I still need to do.
All those boxes are empty.
All those dots are viral focuses.
All those efforts came to nothing.
All those flowers look alike.
All those guys Sami was with that night were acquaintances, not friends.
All those in favor held up their hands.
All those in favor, say "Aye."
All those materials can be recycled and reused.
All those people are from out of town.
All those plans which were now being hurried on with this immoderate speed, had been drawn out and calculated for a long, quiet, easy execution.
All those present stood up and tried to get to her.
All those present stood up at the same time and walked out.
All those products are unfit for human consumption.
All those soft drinks gave me diabetes.
All those stories my grandma used to tell about back before when they had electricity bored me at the time, now I can't understand how I wasn't anxious to go on those visits to her place.
All those students come from Australia.
All those suggestions were dismissed as hooey.
All those things are so artfully made!
All those things are true.
All those things should be forbidden.
All those to whom I made a dedication of the novel-story that I finished writing in 2000 (which is therefore at least twenty years old) tell me: "Well my friend, if you were interested soon in writing, you could have been a good writer!" On the one hand, they remind me of my misfortune or they congratulate me, unless it is something else! sarcasm, maybe? Heck! Poor me!
All those training exercises were for nothing.
All those tricks he's got up his sleeve make him a formidable client.
All those tricks hes got up his sleeve make him a formidable client.
All those who believe in psychokinesis  raise my hand.
All those who churn the wind believe they can grow.
All those who defend fascist Algeria are equally fascists with limitless hatred and blatant lies.
All those who did not know her yesterday, will know her today.
All those who made the grade in entering that school could not have done so only by cramming.
All those who study dark magic go mad.
All those who take up the sword shall perish by the sword.
All those who talk about heaven above will never go there.
All three are adults and of legal age.
All three boys began to eat.
All three boys laughed.
All three boys started eating.
All three boys were talking at once.
All three cars in the parking lot exploded at the same time.
All three died.
All three doctors agreed on the diagnosis.
All three girls giggled.
All three hated one another.
All three have resigned.
All three men denied the charges against them.
All three men have been taken to a nearby hospital.
All three men smiled.
All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children perished in the Holocaust.
All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children were murdered in the Holocaust.
All three of Mary's ex-husbands live in Australia.
All three of Mary's ex-husbands live in Boston.
All three of Tom's brothers are going to do that.
All three of Tom's brothers are in prison.
All three of Tom's brothers are on the baseball team.
All three of Tom's brothers are planning on doing that.
All three of Tom's brothers are planning to do that.
All three of Tom's brothers can speak French.
All three of Tom's brothers can swim.
All three of Tom's brothers have spent time in prison.
All three of Tom's brothers live in Australia.
All three of Tom's brothers live in Boston.
All three of Tom's brothers want to do that.
All three of Tom's children have graduated from high school.
All three of Tom's children were born in Australia.
All three of Tom's daughters are beautiful.
All three of Tom's daughters are quite beautiful.
All three of Tom's ex-wives live in Australia.
All three of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
All three of Tom's nephews live in Australia.
All three of Tom's sons became doctors.
All three of my brothers are now somewhere in Australia.
All three of my brothers are now somewhere in Boston.
All three of my brothers are older than I am.
All three of my brothers are older than me.
All three of my brothers live in Boston.
All three of my daughters are already married.
All three of my daughters are now married.
All three of my sisters died in the accident.
All three of my sisters have married Canadians.
All three of my sons were born in Australia.
All three of my sons were born in Boston.
All three of our daughters will be here for Christmas.
All three of the accused denied the charges.
All three of the boys began to eat.
All three of the boys jumped into the pool at the same time.
All three of the boys left together.
All three of the boys wanted to do that.
All three of them are Canadians.
All three of them got in the limo.
All three of them only spoke French.
All three of them raised their hands.
All three of them want to do that.
All three of them went out into the corridor.
All three of them were in love with the same girl.
All three of these are Tom's.
All three of these are mine.
All three of those boys are Tom's classmates.
All three of those boys are in Tom's class.
All three of those girls are taking ballet lessons.
All three of those men are asylum seekers.
All three of those men are carpenters.
All three of those men are from Boston.
All three of those men are violinists.
All three of those men have been in prison.
All three of those men speak French better than I do.
All three of those men were carpenters.
All three of those women are from Boston.
All three of us agree.
All three of us are Canadians.
All three of us are hungry.
All three of us are students.
All three of us are very lucky.
All three of us did that again.
All three of us did that.
All three of us have been here since kindergarten.
All three of us have to do that.
All three of us have to go to that meeting.
All three of us knew what needed to be done.
All three of us need to do that.
All three of us need to go to that meeting.
All three of us overslept this morning.
All three of us plan to do that.
All three of us should do that.
All three of us thought Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
All three of us thought Tom was the one who did that.
All three of us thought Tom was the one who stole Mary's purse.
All three of us want to do that.
All three of us want to go to your concert.
All three of us wanted to leave early.
All three of us went fishing last weekend.
All three of us were at Tom's party.
All three of you are very lucky.
All three of you are weirdos.
All three of you chop wood every day, don't you?
All three of you need to do that.
All three patients appear to be OK.
All three stations also carry local news, sport and traffic bulletins every day.
All three suffered injuries.
All three were killed in the accident.
All three were killed.
All three were wounded.
All through the clip, that guy was staring at you very strangely.
All through this tall, wavy grass, down to the very edge of the pond, grew many flowers,violets, and buttercups, and dandelions, like little golden suns.
All tips are confidential.
All to the strange encounter, sword in hand, / rush forth, these miscreants of the deep to slay.
All toads are frogs, but not all frogs are toads.
All toasters toast toast.
All together!
All took part in the negotiations.
All traffic was brought to a halt because of the accident.
All traffic was halted to let the presidential motorcade pass.
All tragedies end with a death.
All trains have been cancelled.
All trains running in this country are free for you to use.
All traitors must be branded with shame!
All traitors of the fatherland will be punished.
All trans women who love women are in the same polycule.
All transit passengers should proceed to the "Departures Hall".
All translation involves betrayal.
All translation is treachery.
All translators are traitors.
All transport was brought to a standstill as a result of the strike.
All trees and shrubs must be trimmed so that their branches are no closer than one metre from a power line.
All trends have in common that their first and last representatives are weird.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
All twelve questions must be answered.
All unclaimed property will be disposed of at midday tomorrow.
All underclassmen live on campus.
All university students have free access to the university library.
All vaccines being used in CanadaPfizer, Moderna and AstraZenecarequire two doses.
All varieties of Northern Berber are mutually intelligible.
All vehicles have a VIN number.
All verbs are indicated in bold text.
All vertebrates are chordates.
All violence comes from religion.
All visitors are subject to inspection.
All visitors are welcome.
All voices were extinguished in the climax.
All volcanoes in the dataset with magma flow rates greater than one-tenth of a cubic kilometer per yearroughly 40,000 Olympic swimming poolsruptured their magma chambers within a year.
All volunteers are welcomed.
All vote to sail, and quit the shore accurst.
All war is over resources and territory.
All wars are bad.
All wars that are progressive are just, and all wars that impede progress are unjust.
All was calm.
All was forgiven and forgotten.
All was going well.
All was quiet except that buses sometimes ran.
All was quiet in the room.
All was silent in the house.
All was silent throughout the castle.
All was still in the woods.
All was still.
All was sweet and mellow and peaceful in the golden evening light, and yet as I looked at them my soul shared none of the peace of Nature, but quivered at the vagueness and the terror of that interview which every instant was bringing nearer.
All was well.
All we ask is that you listen.
All we can do is carry on the work until we finish it.
All we can do is hope for the best.
All we can do is hope that doesn't happen.
All we can do is hope that that doesn't happen.
All we can do is hope things get better.
All we can do is hope.
All we can do is keep working.
All we can do is make our patients more comfortable.
All we can do is pray.
All we can do is sit here and wait.
All we can do is to wait for him.
All we can do is try.
All we can do is wait for Tom.
All we can do is wait for him.
All we can do is wait for the police to arrive.
All we can do is wait for the tide.
All we can do is wait.
All we can do now is go on with our lives.
All we can do now is hope Tom does what he's promised to do.
All we can do now is hope for the best.
All we can do now is hope that Mary does what she's promised to do.
All we can do now is hope that Tom and Mary do what they've promised to do.
All we can do now is hope that Tom does what he's promised to do.
All we can do now is wait and see what Tom and Mary do.
All we can do now is wait and see what Tom does.
All we can do now is wait.
All we can hope for is the best.
All we did was kiss.
All we do in class is watch YouTube videos.
All we do is lie.
All we do is send each other cursed images.
All we do is study.
All we do is work.
All we ever wanted was the truth.
All we had left was three dollars.
All we had to do was look around.
All we had to eat was bread.
All we had was chips and punch.
All we have is each other.
All we have is now.
All we have left are crumbs of the past, traces of what once was.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time given us.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
All we have to do is to try our best.
All we have to do is wait.
All we have to do is win.
All we have to do now is find Tom's will.
All we have to do now is sit here and wait.
All we have to do now is wait for Tom to get here.
All we have to fear is fear itself.
All we know I am not sick and bastard.
All we know about him is that he likes goat cheese. I wish you success in your work, guys!
All we know is that Tom is coming to our office at 2:30.
All we know is that Tom is guilty.
All we know so far is that Aguiar is fine.
All we need are three soda cans, a rubber band and some glue.
All we need in Algeria is stability.
All we need is a chance.
All we need is a few more volunteers.
All we need is a little luck.
All we need is a little more practice.
All we need is a little more time.
All we need is a little patience.
All we need is a little practice and we'll be fine.
All we need is a new venue.
All we need is a plan.
All we need is an opportunity.
All we need is just a little patience.
All we need is the right major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order.
All we need is water.
All we need now is a drummer.
All we need now is a little luck.
All we need now is action, not discussion.
All we need to do now is convince Tom to sign the contract.
All we need to do now is find some volunteers to help us.
All we need to do now is make sure everybody does what they're supposed to do.
All we need to do now is pack up and leave.
All we need to do now is persuade Tom to help us.
All we need to do now is wait.
All we needed was water.
All we really need is a plan.
All we should do is wait and see what he'll do.
All we should do is wait and see what hell do.
All we want is an opportunity.
All we want is for you to be happy.
All we want is information.
All we want is money.
All we want is to be left alone.
All we want to do is eat.
All we want to do is sit down and rest.
All we were doing was defending ourselves.
All we were doing was having a parade through the house, when Mom yelled at us to knock it off.
All we were doing was looking for something to eat.
All we were doing was talking.
All we're asking you to do is listen.
All we're going to do is replace our roof.
All we've got is each other.
All weapons and equipment used during combat are inspected before each battle, to ensure that they comply with a long list of safety regulations.
All went merry as a marriage bell until Anne's layer cake was passed.
All were carried away en masse by Marxism.
All were close to tears.
All were dressed in black.
All were glad to hear the news.
All were happy.
All were honest and respected business men, pledged to serve the city faithfully and selflessly.
All were hunting the same prey with desperate starvation.
All were imprisoned by the Allies after the war and later sentenced to death or given long prison terms for war crimes.
All were in a state of shock.
All were invited but me.
All were present.
All were quiet in the room.
All were satisfied.
All were silent.
All were young once.
All what he said was right.
All what they like and dislike.
All what you do is talking about work.
All what you said yesterday, was the truth.
All who have ever written on government are unanimous, that among a people generally corrupt, liberty cannot long exist.
All who knew him admired him.
All who knew him pitied him; orders flowed in, and soon a quite exceptional activity pervaded the establishment from basement to roof, inspiring Mons. Sauvallier with a little hope.
All who see you will say that you are the most beautiful child of man they have ever seen.
All who take up the sword will perish by the sword.
All who wander are not lost.
All who went there were happy at having done so.
All will be fine.
All will be well.
All will go except you.
All will go well as long as you are a good, obedient child, and I will take care of you and see that you want for nothing till you are grown up and can look after yourself.
All wisdom comes from above.
All wise men are good, but not all good men are wise.
All wished each other a Merry Christmas.
All with one impulse worshiped the god.
All women are beautiful, but some more than others.
All women are beautiful.
All women are the same.
All women become like their mothers - that is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
All women become like their mothers - that is their tragedy. No man does. Thats his.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
All women like being told they're beautiful.
All women like diamonds.
All words are pegs to hang ideas on.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Johnny a dull boy.
All work has been carried out by experts.
All workers are required to disrobe and enter the delousing chamber.
All workers should be in one big union to maximize bargaining power.
All workshops are open to the public.
All would've been well but Tom still wanted more.
All wounds are said to heal with time.
All writing systems have advantages and disadvantages.
All you and Tom ever talk about is work.
All you can do is to wait.
All you can do is trust in someone.
All you can do is trust one another.
All you can do is wait.
All you can do now, is work hard and hope for the best.
All you can hear is the huffing and puffing of horses.
All you care about is money.
All you care about is music.
All you care about is yourself.
All you care about is yourselves.
All you do is ask questions.
All you do is complain!
All you do is complain.
All you do is conceal behind various masks.
All you do is criticize me when you should be looking in the mirror and spitting in your face.
All you do is criticize others.
All you do is devalue me as a person.
All you do is eat.
All you do is laugh!
All you do is lie and steal.
All you do is make excuses.
All you do is party.
All you do is play videogames.
All you do is shitpost.
All you do is string together a bunch of farfetched ideas. I can't understand a word of it.
All you do is string together a bunch of farfetched ideas. I cant understand a word of it.
All you do is suck up to Tom.
All you do is talk about him.
All you do is talk about money.
All you do is think about money.
All you do is watch TV.
All you do is work.
All you do is worry about silly, little things!
All you ever do is nitpick. I wish you could say something more constructive.
All you ever do is worry about what'll happen, so you never get anything done.
All you ever had to do was ask.
All you ever talk about is Tom.
All you ever talk about is food.
All you ever talk about is golf.
All you ever talk about is money.
All you ever talk about is sports.
All you ever talk about is work.
All you ever talk about is your work.
All you ever think about is work, maybe you should take a break once in a while...?
All you ever think about is work.
All you get at the end is a clammy handshake.
All you had to do was ask and I would have helped you.
All you had to do was ask and I would have lent you as much money as you needed.
All you had to do was ask and I would've helped you.
All you had to do was ask and I would've lent you as much money as you needed.
All you had to do was ask.
All you had to do was buy a couple of tickets.
All you had to do was talk to Tom.
All you had to do was to tell him the truth.
All you have really done is waste time.
All you have to do in writing is to keep it clear and interesting.
All you have to do is answer this one question.
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
All you have to do is ask him to pay the debt.
All you have to do is ask.
All you have to do is believe me.
All you have to do is clean your room.
All you have to do is concentrate.
All you have to do is decide.
All you have to do is do your best.
All you have to do is fill in the blanks below.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
All you have to do is fill out this form.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
All you have to do is follow me.
All you have to do is follow the instructions.
All you have to do is get there on time.
All you have to do is get used to it.
All you have to do is give him a little help.
All you have to do is give this to Tom.
All you have to do is go there.
All you have to do is help Tom.
All you have to do is just listen.
All you have to do is just sit there and listen.
All you have to do is just sit there and listen. You won't have to say anything.
All you have to do is keep your mouth shut.
All you have to do is listen.
All you have to do is make a choice.
All you have to do is open the window.
All you have to do is open your mouth and eat.
All you have to do is place the purchases in the bag.
All you have to do is press the button.
All you have to do is press this button.
All you have to do is push the red button.
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
All you have to do is push this button.
All you have to do is push this red button.
All you have to do is read these two pages.
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.
All you have to do is say the word, and Ill leave.
All you have to do is sign here.
All you have to do is sign this paper.
All you have to do is sign your name here.
All you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions.
All you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctors questions.
All you have to do is sit here and be quiet.
All you have to do is sit here and wait.
All you have to do is sit here and watch.
All you have to do is sit here.
All you have to do is smile.
All you have to do is study hard to get into a good college.
All you have to do is study harder.
All you have to do is study.
All you have to do is sweep the floor.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
All you have to do is talk to her.
All you have to do is talk.
All you have to do is tell Tom to leave.
All you have to do is tell the truth.
All you have to do is tell us the whole truth.
All you have to do is to clean your room.
All you have to do is to concentrate.
All you have to do is to cultivate the ability to put yourself in the other fellow's place.
All you have to do is to cultivate the ability to put yourself in the other fellows place.
All you have to do is to do your best.
All you have to do is to hand this book to him.
All you have to do is to join us.
All you have to do is to learn this sentence by heart.
All you have to do is to make a comment.
All you have to do is to meet her there.
All you have to do is to meet her.
All you have to do is to obey my orders.
All you have to do is to pretend that you like it.
All you have to do is to pretend you are me.
All you have to do is to pretend you like it.
All you have to do is to pretend you're me.
All you have to do is to push this button.
All you have to do is to read this book to pass the entrance examination.
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.
All you have to do is to take care of yourselves.
All you have to do is to tell the truth.
All you have to do is to wait for her reply.
All you have to do is to wait for me to return.
All you have to do is to wait.
All you have to do is to work harder.
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.
All you have to do is touch the button.
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
All you have to do is try your best.
All you have to do is wait and see.
All you have to do is wait for her reply.
All you have to do is wait for his arrival.
All you have to do is wait on any customers that come to the shop.
All you have to do is wait until dark.
All you have to do is wait.
All you have to do is wash the dish.
All you have to do is wash the dishes.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
All you have to do is write it down.
All you have to do is write your name and address here.
All you have to do is write.
All you have to do to pass the entrance examination is to read this book.
All you have to do to secure a seat is to wait in line.
All you have to do to take a picture is press this button.
All you have to do to take a picture is push this button.
All you need are your eyes; no binoculars or telescopes required.
All you need for origami is a sheet of paper.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
All you need is a driving licence.
All you need is a good lawyer.
All you need is a little legerdemain in your accounting to make people think your company is profitable.
All you need is a little patience.
All you need is a little sleight of hand in your accounting to make people think your company is profitable.
All you need is about $300.
All you need is agility.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
All you need is love.
All you need is one counterexample to disprove a theory.
All you need is rest.
All you need is time.
All you need is to get a driver's license.
All you need is to get a drivers license.
All you need is your library card.
All you need to do is add a little bit of water.
All you need to do is ask him to pay the loan.
All you need to do is fill out this form.
All you need to do is follow the instructions.
All you need to do is get back the time you have wasted.
All you need to do is just sit here.
All you need to do is just sit there and listen.
All you need to do is listen carefully.
All you need to do is remember these three very simple steps.
All you need to do is sign here.
All you need to do is sign up for it.
All you need to do is to write your name and address here.
All you need to do is trust each other.
All you need to do is trust one another.
All you need to do is wait.
All you need to do is write your name and address here.
All you need to know about Islam is on this website.
All you need to know is I'm not going to do that.
All you need to know is explained in the instructions manual.
All you need to know is explained in this book.
All you need to know is that I'm not going to do that.
All you need to know is that the future is wide open and you are about to create it by what you do.
All you need to play football is a ball.
All you need to say is "yes" or "no."
All you needed to say was the third part.
All you people think about is work.
All you people will be remembered for hundreds of years.
All you saw was a hallucination.
All you seem to think about is money.
All you should do is follow his advice.
All you talk about is money.
All you think about is eating.
All you want is power.
All you want to do is have fun.
All you want to do is lie on the couch and listen to music!
All you're doing is trying to escape reality.
All your base are belong to us.
All your bruises have disappeared.
All your cats are grey.
All your children have Kabylian names.
All your comments are excessive.
All your diseases have completely passed me by.
All your doubts will be cleared soon.
All your dreams can come true in Algeria.
All your efforts were in vain.
All your entertainment in one place.
All your friends will be there.
All your money is in the bank.
All your money won't get you off this island.
All your parents have Kabyle first names.
All your problems are concentrated in your heart, so you just need to examine yourself.
All your problems have been solved.
All your questions will be answered.
All your sentences sound clumsy even if rewritten into grammatically correct ones.
All your settings have been saved.
All youre doing is trying to escape reality.
All's clear, Boss!
All's fair in love and war.
All's fish that comes to the net.
All's grist that comes to his mill.
All's well that ends well.
All's well that ends.
All-in.
All-nighters are never as productive as they seem.
All-purpose flour can be used in a variety of recipes.
Alladin is a carpet thief.
Allah answered my prayer.
Allah created people only to worship Him.
Allah created the earth and everything on the earth.
Allah created the world.
Allah created this world.
Allah created us.
Allah is God.
Allah is everyone's god.
Allah is everywhere.
Allah is great!
Allah is in heaven above His throne.
Allah is little.
Allah is our creator.
Allah is our god.
Allah is the creator of the universe.
Allah is the god of everyone.
Allah is the greatest!
Allah is the greatest.
Allah just means God.
Allah knows my heart.
Allah knows.
Allah rocks!
Allah will forgive you.
Allahu akbar.
Allan Kardec is my favorite writer.
Allan is a poet.
Allan left us.
Allan was lucky and passed the tax accountant examination.
Allan works on Tuesday and Friday nights at the Konbini.
Allegations of sexual impropriety were levelled against the headmaster.
Allegations. That's all they are.
Alleged phone conversations with a mistress detail daily activities, including sexual trysts.
Allegedly every language is learnable.
Allegedly, Tom turned that offer down.
Allegedly, Tom was the one who did that.
Allegedly, the note was burned.
Allen is a poet.
Allen was given a problem that was impossible to solve.
Allende is a woman's name and a last name.
Allergic reactions are a problem caused by additives.
Allergy tests for this fungus are available.
Allied forces were attacking from the west.
Allied forces were under attack from the west.
Allied military leaders found a way to defeat the Japanese plan.
Alligators can be a deadly threat.
Alligators can kill people.
Allison recalled one of the more unusual items, a late 1800s talking doll created by Thomas Edison.
Allocate a room for research purposes.
Allocation of RAM usually involves a system call that may or may not go through a system library or framework.
Allocation of resources can be a difficult task when you have no resources at all.
Allot the money for R&D.
Allow Tom to do it for us.
Allow Tom to go with us.
Allow a student to be absent.
Allow an hour to get to the station.
Allow and block specific programs on your computer.
Allow at least three hours.
Allow enough air to get in the chimney so fires burn properly.
Allow him more latitude.
Allow him to irrigate the land.
Allow him to leave, will you!
Allow me more time.
Allow me to accompany you to your house.
Allow me to accompany you.
Allow me to be blunt.
Allow me to be frank.
Allow me to buy that for you.
Allow me to carry your suitcase for you.
Allow me to contradict you.
Allow me to demonstrate my invention to you.
Allow me to demonstrate.
Allow me to do that for you.
Allow me to elucidate.
Allow me to explain everything from the beginning.
Allow me to explain.
Allow me to express my deepest condolences.
Allow me to finish what I'm saying.
Allow me to finish.
Allow me to go to the bathroom.
Allow me to go with you.
Allow me to go.
Allow me to help you.
Allow me to help.
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
Allow me to introduce Mr Kato to you.
Allow me to introduce Tom.
Allow me to introduce my brother to you.
Allow me to introduce my friend to you.
Allow me to introduce my wife to you.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Allow me to introduce to you my friend Yamada.
Allow me to introduce you to Mr Sato.
Allow me to introduce you to Mr White.
Allow me to introduce you to Mr. White.
Allow me to introduce you to Tom.
Allow me to introduce you to my friend Yamada.
Allow me to invite you.
