The guard's truncheon hit air. Off balance, he regained his posture to see a metal-mesh rubbish bin flying towards him.
The guardrail kept the bull from charging at the public.
The guardrail saved her life.
The guardrail saved his life.
The guardrails were put in place to prevent people from falling over the side.
The guards almost beat Tom to death.
The guards almost beat him to death.
The guards already don’t like Gunter.
The guards are aiming their weapons at Tom.
The guards are going to shoot Tom.
The guards are in position.
The guards are sacred and inviolable.
The guards are trying to find a poacher.
The guards are watching you.
The guards at the palace gate were asked if they had not seen a princess go out, and they replied they had seen nobody go out but a young girl, very meanly dressed, and who had more the air of a poor country girl than of a young lady.
The guards attacked Ziri in the bathroom.
The guards called Antonio’s name for a transfer.
The guards change every three hours.
The guards didn't cooperate.
The guards didn't see Tom.
The guards didn't see anybody come in.
The guards didn't see her.
The guards didn't see him.
The guards didn't see me.
The guards didn't see them.
The guards didn't see us.
The guards didn't see you.
The guards discovered a tunnel in Dan's cell.
The guards found Dan's cell empty.
The guards found Tom's cell empty.
The guards found a hacksaw blade in the prisoner's pocket.
The guards grabbed Tom.
The guards grabbed them.
The guards kept us from getting inside.
The guards laughed among themselves.
The guards make sure all the doors in the museum are locked.
The guards must keep watch over the jewels.
The guards pepper sprayed Ziri.
The guards performed a body cavity search.
The guards put Ziri into solitary.
The guards quickly chased Ziri.
The guards rotated in making their rounds every hour.
The guards searched Dan's cell.
The guards searched Tom's cell.
The guards started to emerge.
The guards took Ziri back to the corridor where they proceeded to beat him up.
The guards took control of the situation by calling the special forces.
The guards tried to assert their dominance.
The guards walked away.
The guards were calm.
The guards were left helpless.
The guards were told to shoot anyone trying to escape.
The guards weren't appropriately trained.
The guards will shoot Tom.
The guardsman was assaulted by a robber.
The guard’s truncheon hit air. Off balance, he regained his posture to see a metal-mesh rubbish bin flying towards him.
The guerrillas often went to great risks to secure accurate information.
The guest bedroom was empty.
The guest conveyed the greetings of Georgian Prime Minister Irakli Kobakhidze to the head of state.
The guest is bursting with food.
The guest is waiting in front of the door.
The guest list includes Tom, my cousin; John, my brother; and Mary, his wife.
The guest room is here.
The guest was not ashamed of his silly conduct at all.
The guest whom we were waiting for had come.
The guest will provide them with clothes.
The guesthouse is that way.
The guests agree.
The guests are all gone.
The guests are drinking Champagne.
The guests are drinking beer and wine.
The guests are in the kitchen.
The guests are in the living room.
The guests are sleeping in this room.
The guests are very friendly.
The guests arrived in dribs and drabs.
The guests arrived three at a time.
The guests ate all the nuts.
The guests caught him in his pajamas.
The guests couldn't stop taking pictures of Mark's centerpiece.
The guests don't eat what they expect, but what they are offered.
The guests drank only French champagne.
The guests each drank two glasses of wine.
The guests each had two glasses of wine.
The guests have arrived early, but luckily I had already finished cooking.
The guests in the international hotel often nod and smile.
The guests in the room were twenty in number.
The guests left after midnight.
The guests left early.
The guests liked Ziri's performance.
The guests listened to a number of speeches.
The guests looked uncomfortable.
The guests prepared for their departure and packed their suitcases noisily.
The guests should be arriving soon.
The guests stayed an extra day.
The guests surrounded Gunter.
The guests threw confetti at the newlyweds.
The guests went up to the second floor.
The guests were asked to leave.
The guests were coming.
The guests were congratulating John.
The guests were eating the cake.
The guests were having fun.
The guests were in awe of Mark's beautiful centerpiece.
The guests were not typical talk show guests.
The guests were requested to vacate the premises.
The guests were waited on by a highly trained team of young staff.
The guests will arrive soon.
The guests wished the happy couple a long and prosperous life.
The guests won't arrive for an hour. In the meantime, we can set the table.
The guidance said the health benefits of breastfeeding newborns outweighs any potential mother-to-child transmission risk.
The guidance system of this ship is controlled by a computer.
The guide and the American tourists are going to visit the castles of the Loire valley.
The guide is using a microphone for us to hear her better.
The guide led Tom through the jungle to show him the Indian village.
The guide led the group through the museum.
The guide led us to the hotel.
The guide said that we had better set out as soon as possible.
The guide sat at the front right of the raft.
The guide told the kids not to take a picture.
The guide told the kids not to take pictures.
The guide who took us there was only ten years old.
The guide will accompany us.
The guide will lead us to the famous park.
The guided walk through the city centre was very informative.
The guild leader relegated Vince to a lesser officer because he was abusing his power.
The guild said authorities greatly interfere with journalists’ right to access and to disseminate information.
The guillotine may not be perfect but it's the best system we have.
The guillotine was widely used during the French Revolution.
The guilt he felt over the affair made him spill his guts to his wife.
The guilt is overwhelming.
The guilt lies with him.
The guilt manifests itself on his face.
The guilty fear the law, the innocent fortune.
The guilty left hints everywhere.
The guilty ones will pay.
The guitar and amplifier are sold separately.
The guitar is a portable instrument.
The guitar is easy to play.
The guitar is in tune.
The guitar is really out of tune.
The guitar is so expensive that I can't afford it.
The guitar player is my brother.
The guitar playing was interesting.
The guitar quartet produced a wonderful concert.
The guitar sound effect is drilling into my mind.
The guitar that Tom bought was very expensive.
The guitar's sweet melody brought an atmosphere of calm and reflection into the room.
The guitarist found fame by wearing a fried-chicken bucket on his head at concerts.
The guitarist in Tom's band isn't too bad.
The guitarist threw himself into the crowd.
The gulf between the haves and the have-nots grows ever wider, to Victorian levels, even.
The gulls tend to be seemingly fearless when it comes to stealing food.
The gully had more plants than the rest of the desert because it occasionally filled with rain.
The gum adhered to the sole of the shoe.
The gum has lost its taste.
The gum's ten cents.
The gun fell out of Tom's hands.
The gun hadn't been fired.
The gun has been reloaded.
The gun helped Igor feel safer.
The gun is jammed.
The gun is loaded.
The gun is not loaded.
The gun isn't loaded.
The gun misfired.
The gun only clicked.
The gun suddenly went off when I was cleaning it.
The gun suddenly went off.
The gun was Tom's.
The gun was out of shot.
The gun was pointed at Gunter.
The gun was registered to Layla.
The gun was registered to Tom.
The gun was registered to Yanni, not Skura.
The gun was the police's sole lead for solving the crime.
The gun wasn't loaded.
The gun went off by accident.
The gun went off while he was cleaning it, and the bullet almost struck his wife.
The gun went off.
The gunfight in Jenin went on for hours.
The gunfight lasted only minutes.
The gunfire was getting worse, so we ran down to our cellar.
The gunman is heading our way.
The gunman opened fire with his assault rifle.
The gunman was Jack Ruby.
The gunman was found to be insane.
The gunmen had several demands.
The gunmen opened fire.
The gunmen robbed the travelers.
The guns are full of rubber pellets.
The guns thundered away all night.
The guns weren't loaded.
The gunshot alerted the other cannibals.
The gusher blasted oil into the air for nine days at a rate of 16,000 cubic meters of oil a day before the well was finally capped.
The gust of wind ripped a large number of tiles off the roof.
The gust of wind rose suddenly.
The gut flora not only play a role in helping to orchestrate the neural responses that regulate digestion, scientists say, but evidence is emerging that gut bacteria can also affect a person's mood.
The gutter is perforated in several places.
The gutter was broken, and water was leaking out.
The guy I lent my umbrella to didn't return it.
The guy I met on the bus told me his name was Tom.
The guy I met yesterday didn't give me his real name.
The guy Jessica loved betrayed her.
The guy Tobias saw wasn't there.
The guy driving the truck that crashed into our car didn't have a driver's license.
The guy eats turnips all winter.
The guy had a creepy look on his face.
The guy had a gun.
The guy had a suitcase covered in stickers from all over the world.
The guy had too much energy. Everybody was trying to shake him off.
The guy has a fever.
The guy in the Easter bunny suit was interacting with the kids.
The guy in the gorilla suit was gone.
The guy in the mask was Daniel.
The guy in the middle speaks good Japanese.
The guy in white kept on looking at you. I think he likes you.
The guy is more adventurous than me.
The guy jumped his bill at the restaurant.
The guy kept nagging her in her private messages.
The guy looks slightly confused.
The guy next to me spilled my juice.
The guy on whom I have a crush doesn't know I like him.
The guy over there has been undressing me with his eyes since we walked in the door.
The guy over there is Tom.
The guy playing the piano is Tom.
The guy playing the saxophone seemed drunk.
The guy pulled a weapon on Anna and mugged her.
The guy responsible was never found.
The guy splits wood.
The guy standing over there is Tom.
The guy standing over there reminds me of Tom.
The guy starts being on top of the girl and experiences his penis being soft.
The guy talking to Mary is Tom.
The guy throwing the party was William.
The guy was acquitted when the prosecutor failed to prove that he had committed the crime.
The guy was actually trying to abduct Matthew.
The guy was so childish that he couldn't resist temptation.
The guy was so childish that he couldn’t resist temptation.
The guy was too energetic. Everyone tried to get away from him.
The guy was too selfish to resist temptation.
The guy we met yesterday in the park was Tom.
The guy who cooked our dinner was very fat.
The guy who helped us the other day is here to help us again today.
The guy who hit you is at the front door.
The guy who invented this is a Canadian.
The guy who invented this was a Canadian.
The guy who was sitting next to me on the bus had his headphones turned up so loud that I could clearly make out the song that he was listening to.
The guy who went skiing with Tom was John.
The guy with a beard is Tom.
The guy with the gloves has more style.
The guy you want to talk to left two hours ago.
The guys Rima hung out with were just like her.
The guys all laughed.
The guys all made fun of him.
The guys always teased him.
The guys are chatting again.
The guys are cool.
The guys are playing basketball.
The guys are sleeping like dogs.
The guys are standing around chatting again.
The guys hanging out in front of that store know I'm a cop.
The guys hanging out in front of that store know that I'm a cop.
The guys he always hangs out with are now in jail.
The guys in my department are so nice.
The guys in my department are too nice.
The guys in my department are very nice.
The guys in the back seat started to sing.
The guys sitting at the table looked at each other, perplexed.
The guys standing over there are Tom and John.
The guys were drinking.
The guys weren't killed by just bullets.
The guys working on your car don't seem to know what they're doing.
The gym became a hurricane shelter.
The gym is across from the home store.
The gym is completely empty.
The gym is round the corner.
The gym is used for the ceremony.
The gym teacher calls me "fat."
The gym teacher is checking you out.
The gym teacher told me to speed up.
The gym was completely empty.
The gym was empty.
The gym was immediately evacuated.
The gym will be packed tomorrow.
The gymnast executed her exercise very well.
The gymnast slipped on the balance beam.
The gynecologist began the examination.
The gynecologist gave Silya a pelvic exam.
The gypsies danced around the bonfire.
The hCG levels rise and fall, but are detected throughout the pregnancy, so it is always on call to protect the baby from rejection by the mother's immune system.
The habanero sauce is the best, but you'll pay for it later.
The haberdashery on the corner specializes in custom hats.
The habit does not make the monk.
The habit of consuming certain foods for breakfast, such as cereal, is the result of extraordinarily effective marketing.
The habit of eating more than necessary is a danger to health.
The habit of smoking is very difficult to get rid of.
The habitat should recover enough to support the appetite of big predators in this region.
The habits of highly intelligent people offer a clue as to how to do that.
The hacker gained access to sensitive files in the company's database.
The hacker gained access to sensitive files in the company’s database.
The hacker routed his connection through Germany.
The hackers hacked into Tom's car and made it go haywire.
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle’s own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
The haiku is a Japanese poetry form.
The hail cracked the window.
The hail harmed the crops.
The hail storm caused a large amount of damage.
The hail was hitting Fyodor on the head.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
The hailstorm ruined crops.
The hailstorms have damaged the crops.
The hair clipper was plugged in.
The hair dresser is cutting the hair with scissors.
The hair dye stained your clothes.
The hair is short!
The hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of the mason of Father Pedro is black. Whoever says the hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of the mason of Father Pedro isn’t black, has the hair of the inset of the foot more black than the black hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of the mason of Father Pedro.
The hair on the back of Tom's neck stood up when he heard a strange sound coming from the room where a previous occupant had been murdered many years before.
The hair on the back of her neck rose.
The hair on the back of his neck rose.
The hair on the instep of the foot of the stepfather of Father Pedro's mason is black. Whoever says the hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of Father Pedro's mason isn't black has blacker hair on the instep of the foot than the black hair of the instep of the foot of the stepfather of Father Pedro's mason.
The hair salon was in a busy area.
The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation.
The hair stylist cost him 3,000 yen.
The hair will regrow after the treatment has stopped.
The hair-dressing liquid gave off a strong smell.
The hairdresser cut the guest's hair.
The hairdresser cut the guest’s hair.
The hairdresser cuts the hair with scissors.
The hairdresser did the bride's hair.
The hairdresser gave me a chin-length bob.
The hairdresser's has not yet opened.
The hairdresser's hasn't opened yet.
The hairdryer fell on Fiona's foot yesterday, and it has been hurting her ever since.
The hairdryer was plugged in.
The hairs on the back of Tom's neck rose.
The hairs on the back of her neck rose.
The hairs on the violin bow should not be too taut.
The hairstyle has caught on with the girl students.
The hairstyle soon became popular among young people.
The halberd is a medieval weapon.
The half life of actinium-224 is 2.7 hours.
The half life of actinium-225 is approximately 10 days.
The half of the Moon facing the Sun is always lit, but the lit side does not always face the Earth.
The half of the Moon facing the Sun is always lit.
The half of the earth facing away from the sun is always dark.
The half-asleep man wants to drink coffee.
The half-dozen passengers buckle up their seat belts as the twin-engine plane spirals down from the sky in a corkscrew motion over the capital's main airport.
The hall allows children in only on that day.
The hall contains 5,000 people.
The hall could seat a thousand people before it was partitioned.
The hall door stood wide open.
The hall erupted in applause.
The hall is filled with flowers.
The hall leads into the living room, the kitchen, and the toilet. If you go upstairs you'll find the bedroom and bathroom.
The hall light is burned out.
The hall needs a new curtain.
The hall resounded with pealing bells.
The hall was built in memory of the founder.
The hall was constructed in the manner of a Roman atrium, and from the oblong pool of turgid water in the centre a troop of fat and otiose rats fled weakly squealing at my approach.
The hall was dark.
The hall was decorated with Japanese paintings.
The hall was decorated with potted palms.
The hall was dimly lit.
The hall was filled to capacity.
The hall was filled with students, many of whom were girls.
The hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn't even standing room.
The hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn’t even standing room.
The hall was jammed with people.
The hall was so large as to hold more than 1,000 people.
The hall was still completely empty. I'd obviously arrived an hour early for the lecture.
The hall, in which we are now, had already a lot of very important meetings.
The hallmark of a sociopath is a lack of empathy.
The halls were nearly empty.
The hallway is slippery, so watch your step.
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.
The hallway opened into a large room.
The hallway was disturbingly silent.
The hallway was very dark.
The hallway was very, very dark.
The ham arrived.
The ham is in the fridge.
The ham is salty.
The ham sandwiches were really good.
The hamburger is a famous American dish.
The hamburger menu is the navigation menu favored by most interface designers due to its simplicity and intuitiveness.
The hamburgers here are very good.
The hamlet of Therien is a community of Franco-Albertans.
The hamlet was composed of a few very poor dwellings grouped around a large low horse-shoe shaped building, which was the manorial mansion of the absent proprietor.
The hamlet, set on a plain and surrounded by spectacular, pine-covered mountains, is a place of crushing poverty and lack of opportunity, home to a single small school, dirt roads that become impassible during the rainy season and rudimentary homes without insulation, proper flooring, water or electricity.
The hammer and sickle are a symbol of communism.
The hammer and sickle are the symbols of communism.
The hammer and sickle stand for communism.
The hammer and sickle symbolizes communism.
The hammer and sickle together are the symbol of communism.
The hammer is a very useful tool that should be in every home.
The hammer is somewhere in the shed.
The hammer was moving back slowly.
The hammerhead is a type of shark.
The hammering came to a stop.
The hammock swayed gently under the trees.
The hammock swayed gently.
The hammock was hanging between palm trees.
The hamper is made of bamboo.
The hamster froze on the spot.
The hamster has stuffed cheeks.
The hamster squirmed itself out of Yanni's hands.
The hamster was on its wheel.
The hamstring muscles include the biceps femoris, the semitendinosus and the semimembranosus.
The hand cream smells like chamomile.
The hand has five fingers.
The hand has five fingers: the thumb, the index finger, the middle finger, the ring finger, and the pinky.
The hand of God.
The hand of the aggressor is stayed by strength—and strength alone.
The hand of the magician was quicker than our eyes. Before we could say Jack Robinson, the cards he was holding between his fingers disappeared.
The hand on its axis turns at 10 revolutions per hour.
The hand that gives is happier than the one that receives.
The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
The hand which grasped his rifle was hardly more fleshy than that of a skeleton.
The hand you can't bite, kiss it.
The handbag you bought in China is cheap-looking.
The handbrake lever was just behind the gearstick.
The handcuffed man headbutted the officer escorting him to his cell.
The handcuffs were too tight and they dug into Tom's wrists, cutting off circulation to his hands.
The handful of protesters stood in front of the presidential palace, clamoring for attention.
The handkerchief is dirty.
The handkerchief is washed with soap.
The handkerchiefs are found in the next section.
The handkerchiefs are in the drawer.
The handle came away from the door when I grasped it.
The handle can come off the pan.
The handle is broken.
The handle is burning my hand.
The handle is from you, says the axe to the tree.
The handle is shaped like a duck's head.
The handle of an axe is Death to its own tribe.
The handle of the cup has broken off.
The handle of the cup is broken.
The handle of the ice axe had been broken by the ice and rocks.
The handle of the pitcher was broken.
The handle of this pan is easy to hold.
The handlebars on your bicycle are too low.
The handlebars on your bike are too low.
The handlers note where the scat is found and take a sample for analysis to determine if it is from a tiger and to check the animal's health.
The handles of her kitchen sink faucet were loose, making it difficult to turn them on and off.
The handling and consumption of bushmeat — meat from wild, non-domesticated animals — is a common occurrence in Africa, particularly in the Congo Basin. It's believed meat from an ape infected by the Ebola virus first passed the deadly disease to humans in 1976. There have been more than 20 outbreaks since then.
The handling of dynamite is dangerous.
The hands of the clock are made of gold.
The hands of the watch point to seven o’clock.
The hands on the clock’ve stopped.
The hands trying to untie the knots / the ribbons speckled on the forehead / of poisonous spit, horrendous cries / he goes vibrating, making the air pulsate.
The handset broke in two.
The handsome boy with the umbrella is William.
The handsome dining-room at the club looked bright, but it was empty.
The handsome man is tall.
The handsome prince fell in love with a very beautiful princess.
The handsome soldier was one of thousands of clones of himself.
The handsome young soldier fell in love with a nurse and married her after the war.
The handsomest flower is not sweetest.
The handsomest of them all was the young prince with large dark eyes.
The handwriting in the notebook matches Ivan’s.
The handwriting is illegible.
The handwritten text is illegible.
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.
The hannya (般若) is a Noh mask of a female demon.
The hapless Tom's train had left.
The hapless defence failed to clear the ball, and John pounced to slot in his fifth goal of the season.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
The happiness I feel when we cross paths is something I cherish and treasure deeply.
The happiness and sorrow of others is happiness and sorrow of our own.
The happiness of May is knocking at your door.
The happiness of a person prolongs his day.
The happiness of one man and one woman is the greatest thing in all the world.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
The happiness we experienced together was a treasure that can't be replaced or forgotten.
The happiness we experienced upon reuniting after such a long time is difficult to put into words.
The happy birthday song is perhaps the world's most known melody.
The happy boy said that it was a "garden path sentence by design."
The happy cat is purring.
The happy cat purrs.
The happy couple celebrated their silver wedding anniversary.
The happy couple's life soon spiraled out of control.
The happy times are gone.
The happy young wife suspected nothing of it.
The happy young woman suspected nothing.
The harassed mule got his back up and began kicking up dust.
The harassment can lead journalists to self-censor, remove themselves from online platforms, sometimes permanently, or even lead to women quitting journalism altogether.
The harassment got worse and worse. It escalated to the point where I would walk into the lunchroom and kids would throw food at me.
The harbor can be blocked.
The harbor is closed to navigation.
The harbor was crowded with vessels of every description.
The harbour gained, lo! herds of oxen bright / and goats untended browse the pastures fair.
The harbour is connected to the rail network.
The harbour was chock-full of boats of every description.
The harbour was chock-full of vessels of every description.
The hard candy in this bowl is dusty.
The hard disk was completely destroyed.
The hard drive is grinding away.
The hard rain spoiled our hike through the woods.
The hard toothbrush cut the roof of my mouth.
The hard work began to tell on him.
The hard work begins now.
The hard work has run him down.
The hard work is almost over.
The hard work is basically over.
The hard work paid off.
The hard work was worthwhile because I passed the exam.
The harder I work hard, the higher my level of confidence and my level of happiness gets.
The harder Yanni looked, the more he could see the dark shape. He approached it slowly and then he realized it was a man lying on the floor.
The harder we pushed, the stronger it resisted.
The harder we tried, the further it seemed.
The harder you try, the closer you get.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The harder, the better.
The hardest kiss is not the first, but the last.
The hardest part is already over.
The hardest part is not seeing my son.
The hardest part is over now.
The hardest part of language learning is remembering vocabulary.
The hardest part of learning Chinese is the Chinese characters.
The hardest part of learning a language is knowing the vocabulary by heart.
The hardest part of the way is in front of us.
The hardest part was the final test.
The hardest stage of doing a project is getting started.
The hardest thing about building a room is that you have to build a room to build the room in first. It's crazy.
The hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn.
The hardest thing is to put yourself in other people's shoes.
The hardest thing is to stay strong.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love love somebody else.
The hardest university exam of my life is coming up: fluid mechanics.
The hardest victory is the victory over self.
The hardest was the end of the month...Especially the last thirty days...
The hardest you'll work, the sweetest your successes will be.
The hardness of God is kinder than the softness of men, and His compulsion is our liberation.
The hardness of diamond is 10.
The hardness of diamond is such that it can cut glass.
The hardware shop wasn't able to supply nails or screws.
The hardware store is near the park.
The hardware store is now selling potted plants at a huge discount.
The hardware store is still where it used to be.
The hare hid behind the tree.
The hare is bleeding from its ear.
The hare is running in the garden.
The hare squeaks 'wah'.
The hare stole a carrot from the garden.
The hare stole carrots from the garden.
The hare was outdistanced by the tortoise.
The hare was overtaken by the tortoise.
The harlequin amused the public.
The harlequin had large, red lips.
The harm has already been done.
The harmful fruits of the “Hirak” are already visible in Kabylia.
The harmonic series diverges.
The harmonic series is divergent.
The harmonium, accordion and mouth organ are aerophones with vibrating reeds.
The harnessing of electricity changed the world.
The harp is a musical instrument.
The harsh environment of the Arctic ecosystem requires adaptations from plants and animals to survive.
The harsh weather exacerbated his illness.
The harsh winter has left its mark.
The harsh winter left its mark.
The harsh winter mix of snow, sleet and freezing rain has left more than 300,000 people without power from the southwestern U.S. state of Texas to the northeastern U.S. state of Maine.
The harshest sentence was reserved to Yanni: life in prison with no parole.
The harshness of Ukraine's laws is mitigated by the fact that one doesn't have to obey them.
The harvest failed.
The harvest must be gathered, the olive trees are full of olives.
The harvest of pearls was small.
The harvest of sea turtles and their eggs for food or any other domestic or commercial use constitutes a widespread threat to the species.
The harvest was good this year.
The harvest was plentiful this year.
The harvest was poor due to lack of water.
The harvestman bobbed up and down.
The has been a new interest from Turkey for a diplomatic rapprochement with Russia.
The hat costs less than the coat.
The hat does not fit me.
The hat does not fit you well. Is too small.
The hat does not fit you well. It is too small.
The hat doesn't fit me.
The hat fits her perfectly.
The hat got wet and went limp.
The hat is green and blue.
The hat is not cheap.
The hat is yours.
The hat on the desk is Chama's.
The hat on the desk is Chama’s.
The hat on the desk is Tom's.
The hat protects from the sun.
The hat stood out because of its strange shape.
The hat was blown away by the wind.
The hat was dirty around the top.
The hat's hanging on the rack.
The hatch is open.
The hatch remained open.
The hate in her is inextinguishable.
The hate we think we perceive in them is nothing more than the reflection of our own hate for them.
The hatred which divided the great families in the feudal times had lost little of its bitterness, though it no longer expressed itself in deeds of open violence.
The haunted cabin ended up being a big thing in our town.
The haunted house? I won't be able to sleep at night.
The haunted house? I won’t be able to sleep at night.
The have a weekly meeting.
The have made a lot of changes.
The hawk caught a mouse.
The hawk caught a rat.
The hawk caught the mouse.
The hawk circled round in the sky.
The hawk cried out as the crows badgered it away from their nest.
The hawk grasp the bat with its sharp talons.
The hawk has piercing eyes.
The hawk is a bird of prey.
The hawk is my favourite bird.
The hawk spread its wings.
The hawthorn bush was growing rapidly.
The hawthorn tree was tall.
The haymaking and crop gathering are completed.
The haze enveloped London.
The haze on his windshield was impossible to remove.
The head football coach is Tom Jackson.
The head groundsman has a cottage right in the middle of the grounds.
The head is a part of the human body.
The head is on top.
The head is the seat of all the senses.
The head nurse came striding up, her leather heels clacking on the tile floor.
The head of Human Rights Watch, the New York based rights group, is warning the global rise of populism will likely erode human rights and democratic values globally.
The head of Italy’s civil defense department, Andrea Borrelli, said authorities were surprised by how fast the virus has spread.
The head of National Independent Election Authority is appointed by the President of Algeria.
The head of a sledgehammer can weigh anywhere from 1 kilogram to 9 kilograms.
The head of government declared his firm intention to introduce radical reforms.
The head of our department is a man named Tom Jackson.
The head of our state emphasized that this was not the first visit of the Prime Minister of Pakistan to our liberated lands.
The head of our state emphasized the excellent level of political relations between the two countries, noting that bilateral ties are based on brotherhood, mutual support, and solidarity.
The head of police was caught stealing a turkey.
The head of state approved the concept for the implementation of a state audit in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
The head of state has told us that the damn Yankees are collecting biometric material across the country.
The head of the International Olympic Committee said he is “very confident” that spectators will be allowed to attend next year’s postponed Tokyo Olympic Summer Games -- as long as they are vaccinated against COVID-19.
The head of the U.S. Agency for Global Media stepped down Wednesday afternoon at the request of President Joe Biden shortly after Biden took office.
The head of the World Health Organization said Monday he will begin an independent evaluation of the U.N. health agency’s response to the coronavirus pandemic “at the earliest appropriate moment.”
The head of the World Health Organization says he hopes the coronavirus pandemic will end in less than two years – less time than it took to stop the 1918 Spanish flu.
The head of the college, Miss Baker, had a special place in the car park for her small car.
The head of the college, whose name was Miss Baker, therefore had a special place in the car park for her own small car.
The head of the company blames the employees for the bankruptcy.
The head of the cult was a total dingbat with some really crazy beliefs.
The head of the diner unexpectedly called Yuri into his office.
The head of the family announced: I welcome you!
The head of the government must inspire the faith of the people.
The head of your penis is sticking out of your belt.
The head teacher introduced the new teacher.
The head teacher of our school is very old.
The head teacher shook hands with each of the school-leavers.
The head, expanding from the neck, contracts to a bluntly pointed anterior end.
The headache I had this morning has gone away.
The headache that I had this morning has gone away.
The headboard is dirty.
The headlight doesn't work.
The headlight doesn’t work.
The headlights don't work.
The headlights don’t work.
The headlights temporarily blinded us all.
The headline attracted my attention this morning.
The headline caught my eye this morning.
The headline drew my attention this morning.
The headline grabbed my attention this morning.
The headline in the newspaper today shocked everyone in the city.
The headline is completely dishonest.
The headline is somewhat misleading.
The headlines often talk about this actor.
The headmaster asked me whether next week was a holiday.
The headmaster asked me: "Is next week a holiday?"
The headmaster asked me: "When is he coming?"
The headmaster is very strict.
The headmaster looked at Vladimir menacingly.
The headmaster never works on Sundays.
The headmaster said "Next week is a holiday."
The headmaster was a very stern man.
The headmaster will present the winners their prize.
The headmaster will present the winners with their prize.
The headmistress presented the new teacher.
The headmistress wants to see you.
The heads of 16 city councils met at the state capitol.
The heads of state first posed for a commemorative photo.
The heads of the Zionist settlements debated a great deal as to which language would be chosen as the language of the future state.
The heads of the flowers in the garden were drooping.
The headset said: "Disconnected from phone."
The headstones in the cemetery were moved, but the bodies were not.
The headteacher uses unorthodox methods.
The headwaters of the River Thames are found in Gloucestershire, and its mouth is on the North Sea.
The headwind blew against the sail.
The healer always has some miraculous products to sell.
The healer is her last hope.
The healer is in his tent.
The healer says he can bring the dead back to life.
The healer says he's able to communicate with the hereafter.
The healer says that he can bring the dead back to life.
The healer says that he doesn't know how he came by his gift of healing.
The healer sprayed water on the patient to alleviate her pain.
The healer was the only person who could ease her suffering.
The healing can now begin.
The healing properties of mints have been known since time immemorial in various corners of the world.
The healing was gradual but continuous.
The health and strength of the heart determine the amount of physical effort that can be made.
The health authorities decided to go against the grain and never imposed a lockdown.
The health care secretary told the woman that she could not bring her dog inside, because pets were not allowed inside the clinic.
The health effects of chromium are primarily related to the valence state of the metal at the time of exposure.
The health inspector's coming.
The health measures taken were completely ineffective.
The health ministry has a warning.
The health of the world is largely dependent on the forests’ so-called green pharmacies.
The health pass will be needed for people to be able to enter most public spaces, such as restaurants, museums and movie theaters.
The health sector is one of the biggest problems for the country.
The health spa was the hotel’s primary amenity.
The healthier an ivy is, the less susceptible it is to be affected by spider mites.
The hearing acuity of dogs is superior by far to that of humans.
The hearing were made off-limits to the press.
The hearing will continue on Monday.
The hearse was drawn by eight black horses.
The heart and mystery of his philosophy was to look upon the world as a gigantic practical joke; as something too absurd to be considered seriously by any rational man.
The heart and mystery of his philosophy was, to look upon the world as a gigantic practical joke.
The heart beats more often with the flowering of love.
The heart beats.
The heart does not lie.
The heart doesn't lie.
The heart has its reasons, which reason does not know.
The heart has reasons reason cannot know.
The heart has reasons that reason doesn't understand.
The heart is a muscle.
The heart is a very important part of the body.
The heart is as white as snow, and the mountain is full of water.
The heart is beating.
The heart is full, the tongue is dry.
The heart is located in the chest.
The heart is made of muscle.
The heart is sad and lost, it remembers the friends it has not seen for a long time.
The heart is very unfaithful.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
The heart must be in harmony and calm; only then does it find joy.
The heart of Esperanto ideology is the equality of all languages and cultures.
The heart of a woman is soft.
The heart of a young girl is an impenetrable mystery.
The heart of man is corrupt.
The heart of man is the place the devil dwells in; I feel sometimes a hell within myself.
The heart of the tragedy, as of a short story, is a conflict.
The heart says yes but the mind says no.
The heart serves to pump blood.
The heart set out to ease melancholy, it encountered afflicted friends.
The heart warms as the frost increases.
The heart went to relieve sadness, it found sick friends.
The heart works slowly.
The heart-shaped pond is the pride of the royal couple.
The heartbeat of an albatross slows down while it flies. Some think that it can even sleep.
The heat and humidity in the jungle made it feel like we were walking through soup.
The heat became intolerable.
The heat didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
The heat didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The heat died down.
The heat diminishes.
The heat doesn't seem to bother Tom at all.
The heat from the campfire made Matthew's skin tingle with pleasure.
The heat gives me a headache.
The heat has also triggered huge fires in Algeria.
The heat has died down.
The heat has eased off.
The heat has intensified today.
The heat has killed more than 700 people in Canada and at least 16 in the United States.
The heat has relaxed.
The heat has relented.
The heat has subsided.
The heat haze made the road shimmer in the distance.
The heat in my room is bothering me.
The heat is almost unbearable.
The heat is bearable.
The heat is generated by the machine itself.
The heat is getting unbearable.
The heat is gradually easing.
The heat is intense today.
The heat is intense.
The heat is killing me.
The heat is letting up.
The heat is making me crave for an ice cream.
The heat is making me tired.
The heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy.
The heat is on.
The heat is overwhelming.
The heat is punishing us.
The heat is slowly dying down.
The heat is slowly fading.
The heat is starting to be unbearable.
The heat is stifling to me.
The heat is strong.
The heat is suffocating me.
The heat is terrible today.
The heat is unbearable.
The heat kept me awake all night.
The heat makes me sleepy.
The heat of day was fierce until the sun set, when it became bearable.
The heat of the furnace warmed the whole house.
The heat of the sun burned me.
The heat of the sun hardens clay.
The heat of the sun lessens as the afternoon falls.
The heat of the weather increased daily as the spring was departing and the summer approaching.
The heat really gets me.
The heat starts to be unbearable.
The heat subsided.
The heat told on him.
The heat treatment of pinions produced from this material consists in carburizing at a temperature of from 1,600 to 1,650 °F.
The heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature.
The heat was almost unbearable.
The heat was like an oven.
The heat was responsible for the meat going bad.
The heat was so intense that I fainted.
The heat was suffocating.
The heat was terrible.
The heat was unbearable.
The heat withered the flowers.
The heat won't abate.
The heat's driving me crazy.
The heat's driving me mad.
The heat's preventing me from sleeping.
The heater broke.
The heater doesn't work.
The heater gets very hot.
The heater has quit working.
The heater hasn't been turned on yet.
The heater in the student housing broke.
The heater is aglow with a beautiful orange color.
The heater is broken.
The heater is off.
The heater is warming up the room.
The heater works.
The heather is a beautiful evergreen shrub.
The heather is just at the entrance of Ziri's backyard.
The heather is really nice there at the entrance of the garden.
The heather plants are done flowering.
The heather reached its mature size after a couple of months.
The heather spikes came back really nice.
The heather spikes came back so quickly in the winter.
The heathers are done blooming.
The heathers are looking beautiful already.
The heathers are looking better already.
The heathers are putting out a new growth.
The heathers are trying to grow again.
The heathers formed a compact bush.
The heathers look untidy.
The heathers were compact, nice and healthy.
The heating doesn't work.
The heating doesn’t work.
The heating has broken down.
The heating has packed up.
The heating has to be repaired.
The heating in the dorm is broken.
The heating is costing me more and more.
The heating must be expensive during the winter.
The heating must be repaired.
The heating season has ended.
The heating season has just begun.
The heating system broke down.
The heating unit's not working.
The heating units aren't working.
The heating was off for much of the time. It's cold in that flat.
The heating's got to be repaired.
The heating's off. Is that on purpose?
The heatwave gripping large stretches of Europe has already been blamed for deadly forest fires and crop failures. Now freshwater fish could be its next victims.
The heatwave has increased this day.
The heavenly gods do not rejoice over the slaughter of an ox, but over faith demonstrated without the need for a witness.
The heavens are bright with stars tonight.
The heavens are opening. I'll take my leave.
The heavens declare the glory of God.
The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
The heavens do not create men that are more than men, nor do they create men that are less than men.
The heavens do not err.
The heavens have granted him many special talents.
The heavens rotate and encompass the earth, which stands in the middle.
The heavens rotate and encompass the earth, which stands in the middle. The sun, wherever it is, shines perpetually, however dark clouds may take it away from us; it creates by its rays light, and the light of day. On the other side is darkness, and therefore night.
The heaventree of stars hung with humid nightblue fruit.
The heavier the water, the saltier it is.
The heavier, the better.
The heaviness in my heart has intensified, making me feel even more down.
The heavy and gloomy appearance of the thunder-sky added still farther to the obscurity.
The heavy chandelier started swaying.
The heavy door swung open.
The heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us.
The heavy footsteps got closer to Dmitri's tent.
The heavy footsteps started to walk towards the stairs.
The heavy metal can harm the lungs and kidneys and impair hearing, balance, vision, thinking and breathing.
The heavy millstone ground grain.
The heavy oak tables were covered with snow-white linen.
The heavy rain brought floods in the valley.
The heavy rain brought the flood, causing damage.
The heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
The heavy rain compelled us to put off our departure.
The heavy rain drenched us.
The heavy rain kept me from going.
The heavy rain kept the children in all day.
The heavy rain kept us from going out.
The heavy rain made a mess of the bonsai.
The heavy rain made them put off their departure.
The heavy rain prevented me from going out.
The heavy rain prevented me from going.
The heavy rain prevented them from going there.
The heavy rain prevented us from going fishing.
The heavy rain prevented us from going out.
The heavy rain was accompanied with thunder.
The heavy rainfall has caused vegetable prices to rise daily for the last two months.
The heavy rains caused the river to flood.
The heavy silence was terrifying.
The heavy snow damaged our roof.
The heavy snow kept us from going out.
The heavy snow made them put off their departure.
The heavy snow prevented me from going out.
The heavy snow prevented us from going to the concert.
The heavy snow prevented us from leaving.
The heavy snow stopped the train from running on time.
The heavy snowfall blocked the roads.
The heavy snowfall kept us from being able to use the laneway.
The heavy snowfall prevented our train from leaving on time.
The hecklers were escorted from the venue by security officials.
The hedge clippers and weed whacker are in the garage.
The hedge fund manager was convicted of insider trading.
The hedge hasn't been cut for months.
The hedge, in point of fact, is the main shelter and asylum for beasties great and small in our workaday England.
The hedgehog got used to Kalman picking him up.
The hedgehog got used to its cage.
The hedgehog hides its head.
The hedgehog is a protected species in Germany.
The hedgehog is a small animal.
The hedgehog is an animal.
The hedgehog is an omnivore.
The hedgehog is full of spines.
The hedgehog on Gotland is a local symbol.
The hedgehog rolled up into a ball.
The hedgehog's snout stretched upwards in curiosity.
The hedgehog's spiny coat can keep most predators at bay, though not all are deterred by it.
The heel is missing from my left boot.
The heel is missing from my left shoe.
The heel is missing on my left shoe.
The heel of her shoe broke.
The heeler is as bad as the steeler.
The heels of his socks had been worn out.
The heft of the titanium cube was unmatched.
The hegemon was relegating most of her cult members.
The height and gradient can be adjusted.
The height is about 170 centimeters, with large eyes and a somewhat overweight build.
The height is about 5 feet 7 inches, with big eyes and a slightly overweight build.
The height of the chair is adjustable.
The height of the curb is about ten centimeters.
The height of the tower is above 100 meters.
The heightened malaria risk fell within five kilometers of a dam’s perimeter, the study said.
The heist was expertly planned.
The helicopter came closer, and the noise got even louder.
The helicopter finally found Ziri.
The helicopter gently touched down.
The helicopter has landed.
The helicopter hovered over the building.
The helicopter is at a hover.
The helicopter is circling above.
The helicopter is flying very low.
The helicopter is hovering overhead.
The helicopter is landing.
The helicopter is so useful that someday it may take the place of cars and trains.
The helicopter landed and Tom got out.
The helicopter landed on the roof.
The helicopter landed safely.
The helicopter landed.
The helicopter picked Ziri up.
The helicopter started chasing the blue car.
The helicopter took off.
The helicopter was equipped with infrared scanning.
The helicopter was flying around the field.
The helicopter was shot down by the Mexican army.
The helicopter's waiting for us on the roof.
The heliocentric view of the world, in which the Sun is at the centre of the universe, is also described as the Copernican system. It represents a step forward from the geocentric view of Ptolemy.
The hell is that?
The hell with him!
The hell with physics!
The helmet fits Mennad's head.
The helmet will protect your head.
The helmethead gecko is the only vertebrate that can see colours at night.
The helmets are equipped with portable thermal scanners.
The help can not come soon enough for Seoul travel agency owner Lee Jeong-hwan. No customers are calling, he says, let alone booking trips.
The help that had been hoped for failed to arrive.
The help that used to be in the villages before has finished.
The help the Internet has been to the spread of Esperanto is huge.
The hem of his clothing caught a nail.
The hem of his clothing got caught on a nail.
The hemp‐palm broom is a traditional Japanese broom that excels in durability, being both strong and long lasting.
The hen ate an earthworm.
The hen clucks.
The hen doesn't have a navel.
The hen had very short legs, so she was called "Chickie short legs." She laid good eggs, and her mistress loved her as if she had been her own child.
The hen has been brooding its eggs for a week.
The hen has been laying eggs for all of nine months.
The hen has been laying eggs for nine months.
The hen has been laying eggs for nine whole months.
The hen has eight chicks.
The hen has laid an egg.
The hen hatched five eggs.
The hen is hatching her chicks.
The hen is protecting her chicks.
The hen keeps her brood under her.
The hen laid an egg this morning.
The hen laid an egg.
The hen lays an egg almost every day.
The hen pecked the wheat.
The hen protects her chicks.
The hen sits on her eggs until the chicks hatch.
The hen sits on her eggs until they hatch.
The hen was sitting on the eggs in the nest.
The hen was stolen by the fox.
The hen's chicks are hatching.
The hen's got eight chicks.
The henhouse caught fire, but the chickens escaped.
The hens are in the chicken coop.
The hens haven't laid any eggs.
The hens live in the hen house.
The hens ran away, dumbasses had left the door open to them.
The hens ran away. Idiots had left their door open.
The hens range freely here, foraging the ground for extra nutrients. The eggs they lay have big orange yolks. The pigs also get plenty of space indoors and out, and have a wallow to wade in to stave off the summer heat. The cattle feed primarily on grass, not corn as they do in commercial feedlots. And all the animals are fed by hand twice a day, Ms. Lorraine says, so the farmers can keep a close eye on them and make sure they're well.
The hens were clucking all day long.
The herald of the end times is here, and his name is Tom.
The herb used in that pasta sauce might be parsley.
The herbal tea might be poisoning you.
The herbalist will concoct a potion for that.
The herbicide didn't harm the ivy.
The herbicide is effective.
The herbs—rosemary and oregano—not only enhance the taste of food, lab tests find they are loaded with healthful compounds that work to reduce blood sugar as effectively as anti-diabetic drugs.
The herd dog follows Carlos.
The herd dog helps Carlos with his work.
The herd dog is Carlos's partner.
The herd dog is Carlos's right-hand man.
The herd dog is an integral part of Carlos's life.
The herd dog is indispensable.
The herd dog is loyal to Carlos.
The herd dog keeps order in the herd.
The herd dog obeys Carlos.
The herd dog protects livestock.
The herd dog responds to Carlos's every command.
The herd dog responds to Carlos's whistles.
The herd dog understands Carlos's signals.
The herd is under threat.
The herd kept growing.
The herd of zebras started fleeing when they saw the lions approaching.
The herd was attacked by a leopard.
The herder can't let his guard down.
The herder carries a stick with him every day, wherever he goes.
The herder stayed close to the sheep, keeping them together.
The herder watched his herd.
The herders protected the cattle.
The herds are on the move.
The herds are turned out into the pasture to graze.
The herdsman obeyed the summons, but upon looking for a rope for the purpose of drawing Daphnis out, none was to be found: upon which Chloe unfastened the cord which bound her hair, and gave it to the herdsman who let one end of it down to Daphnis.
The heretic was anathematized.
The heretic was burned at the stake.
The heretics were burned alive.
The hermit lived in a wooden hut.
The hermit maintained and bucklered his opinion, by quotations from Malleus Malificarum, Sprengerus, Remigius, and other learned demonologists, that the Evil One, thus seduced to remain behind the appointed hour, would assume her true shape, and, having appeared to her terrified lover as a fiend of hell, would vanish from him in a flash of sulphurous lightning.
The hermit maintained that the Evil One, thus seduced to remain behind the appointed hour, would assume her true shape, and, having appeared to her terrified lover as a fiend of hell, would vanish from him in a flash of sulphurous lightning.
The hero became the villain.
The hero demonstrated that a man could subjugate nature to his uses.
The hero died at the end of the book.
The hero dog saved the baby from the fire.
The hero faces various opponents.
The hero finally defeated the evil scientist.
The hero is male and white, he comes alone, he doesn't have a family, he never speaks of his family, and his mother died.
The hero of the book rails at the injustices of the world but does nothing about them.
The hero of the novel has a main role.
The hero of the poem was the leader of a notorious band of robbers which infested the metropolis, and was probably alive at the time of its publication.
The hero ventured into the cave to slay the fearsome firedrake.
The hero's speech touched the entire audience.
The hero's sword got stuck in a tree, so he grabbed it by the hilt and pulled as hard as he could. "Move, damn you!" he said through gritted teeth.
The hero, as a child, suffered from parental neglect.
The heroes were congratulated with a glorious song.
The heroic deed is an act of the man frightened to death.
The heroic knight went on a quest to defeat a great monster and won the favor of his lady.
The heroine hurled herself off the castle wall to kill herself in despair at the end of the play.
The heroine of the novel committed suicide.
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
The heroine was a famous member of the Russian Imperial Ballet who, though she had not then danced in London—her genius being too precious in her own country—had been here unprofessionally as a sightseer; and it was here that the adventure which is the foundation of this narrative befell.
The heron had to hunt for food every day.
The heron is a wading bird who eats lots of small fish.
The heron is a wading bird.
The hero’s speech touched the entire audience.
The heteronormative propaganda made me uncomfortable.
The heteros are upseteros.
The heterosexuals are offended.
The heyday of the Romans is over.
The hiccup gives health to the child, and to the old man, complete death.
The hierarchy of rank has long been fixed.
The hieroglyphs carved onto the wall of King Tutankhamen's burial chamber read: "Death will come to those who disturb the sleep of the pharaoh."
The high and low are both below freezing.
The high building can be seen from the window.
The high building deprived their house of sunlight.
The high command decided to attack at dawn.
The high commissioner’s spokeswoman said the government had shown some willingness to initiate reforms.
The high cost of treatment makes people avoid getting examined at the hospital.
The high court decided to try the fugitive warlord in abstentia.
The high grass seemed easier to deal with.
The high house was covered with a thatched roof.
The high humidity is making me sweat.
The high jump will be the last event.
The high percentage of oxygen allows insects to grow to frightful sizes.
The high percentage of oxygen makes humans feel energized and alive.
The high percentage of oxygen makes people full of vim and vigor.
The high performance and the elegant design of this model have combined to give it a high reputation.
The high permeability of gravel makes it a poor choice for a dam.
The high price of gold attracts adventurers to Australia.
The high price of petrol is driving up household expenses.
The high price of petrol is driving up the cost of living.
The high priest Aaron is said to be the progenitor of the Jewish priests, the kohanim.
The high salary disposed him to accept the position.
The high school she attends offers students what is known as an "International Baccalaureate Program."
The high school students are studying in the classroom.
The high school that Edmundo went to was relatively big.
The high school was closed for a day because of the snow.
The high school-age innovators showed off some cutting-edge inventions.
The high speed, high comfort electric train Minskâ€”Brest will depart in five minutes from the fourth track at the second platform.
The high speed, high comfort electric train Minsk—Brest will depart in five minutes from the fourth track at the second platform.
The high temperatures in southern Italy have prompted health ministry officials to put some areas of the country on red alert.
The high tide took most of Gabor's things away.
The high waves covered their boat.
The high winds damaged the roof, causing a leak.
The high wire act sent chills down Tom's back.
The high, flat mountaintop is covered with many green juniper and pinon pine trees.
The high-density urban coastal corridor from Washington, DC, north to Boston is one of the most developed environments in the world, containing a massive, complex, and long-standing network of supporting infrastructure. The Northeast also has a vital rural component.
The high-level talks also addressed disagreements between the two countries with frank discussions on immigration and fugitives.
The high-pitched whine of a mosquito is annoying, but scientists have developed an app that uses that sound to detect dangerous mosquitoes.
The high-profile kidnapping has captivated the nation.
The high-ranking government official ruled out the possibility of a general election.
The high-ranking official kept his calm.
The high-school sweethearts say it is true love.
The high-speed robotic tester is revolutionizing routine chemical toxicity studies.
The higher a monkey climbs, the more he shows his ass.
The higher a person is, the closer they are to danger.
The higher classes constitute the mind of the single large whole of humanity; the lower classes constitute its limbs; the former are the thinking and designing part, the latter the executive part.
The higher he rose in social rank, the more modest he became.
The higher in the atmosphere you travel, the less air there is.
The higher tariff on imports from China is effectively the biggest tax increase on the middle class in U.S. history.
The higher the barrier, the stronger the desire to climb over it.
The higher the pressure, the higher the temperature.
The higher the price of things, the less valued the individual himself.
The higher the ratio of children to parents, the harder it is to bring up the children.
The higher the temperature of an object, the faster its electrons vibrate and the shorter the peak wavelength of the emitted radiation.
The higher up we went, the colder it became.
The higher we climb, the colder it becomes.
The higher we climb, the colder it gets.
The higher we climbed, the colder it got.
The higher we climbed, the steeper became the mountain.
The higher we climbed, the steeper the mountain became.
The higher we go up, the cooler the air becomes.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
The higher we go up, thinner the air becomes.
The higher we went, the colder it became.
The higher you climb, the colder it becomes.
The higher you climb, the greater the fall.
The higher you climb, the lower the temperature gets.
The higher you climb, the thinner the air.
The higher you fly, the harder you fall.
The higher you go, the colder the air gets.
The higher you go, the farther you see.
The higher you go, the lower the temperature.
The highest German income tax bracket begins at a relatively low income.
The highest amount of points possible on reports is 10 points.
The highest degree of happiness is the absence of all pain.
The highest entropy state is the most likely state of the system.
The highest form of ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about.
The highest human happiness is not the exploitation of the present but the preparation of the future.
The highest mountain in the world is Mt. Everest in Nepal, rising more than 29,000 feet into the sky.
The highest mountain in the world is Mt. Everest in Nepal, rising more than 8,800 metres into the sky.
The highest mountain in the world is Mt. Everest in Nepal, rising more than 8,848 metres into the sky.
The highest mountain in the world is in Nepal.
The highest mountain of Slovenia is the Triglav.
The highest peak is Everest.
The highest revelation is that God is in every man.
The highest score you can get on Advanced Step is 672 points, if you perform perfectly.
The highest slides in Latin America are in Brazil.
The highest tide in the world is in Canada.
The highest tides in the United States can be found near Anchorage, Alaska, with tidal ranges up to 12.2 meters.
The highest tides in the world can be found in Canada at the Bay of Fundy, which separates New Brunswick from Nova Scotia.
The highest tides in the world can be found in Canada's Bay of Fundy.
The highest wisdom is that of the heart.
The highest-grossing movie of all time made almost 3 billion dollars.
The highlight of my week is watching the football at the weekend.
The highly contagious virus was spread through blood and saliva.
The highway became eerily quiet.
The highway construction project received a $500,000 earmark from the federal government.
The highway is flooded.
The highway is snarled up.
The highway leading to the city is now free of fallen rocks.
The highway runs parallel to the river.
The highway system will make Algeria an economic powerhouse.
The highway was blocked.
The highway was clogged with traffic as people tried to evacuate the area.
The highway was empty.
The highway was paved with asphalt.
The highway wasn't the quickest route.
The highway went on in a large curve.
The highways in this country are excellent.
The hijacker demanded a ransom of two million dollars.
The hijackers eventually surrendered after releasing all of their hostages in three separate groups.
The hijackers moved to the rear of the plane.
The hijackers of the plane were sentenced to execution by shooting.
The hijackers threatened to kill the hostages if their demands were not met.
The hijackers were from Middle Eastern countries.
The hijacking attempt failed when the victim managed to escape.
The hike ended up being more fun than any of us expected.
The hike was exhausting, but we had a lot of fun.
The hike was hard.
The hike was relatively short.
The hike was ruined.
The hike will take at least eight hours.
The hike will take no less than eight hours.
The hike will take place in the month of May.
The hike would usually take four hours.
The hiker has reached the top of the mountain.
The hiker was stranded on the ridge.
The hikers traced a convoluted route through the mountains.
The hikers were all but frozen when they were found.
The hiking part was short.
The hiking party has been kidnapped.
The hiking trail is nice.
The hiking trail leads to a railroad.
The hiking trail parallels the river.
The hiking trip in the mountains was a challenge for William, but he enjoyed it.
The hiking was called off because of the rain.
The hill commands a fine view.
The hill commands the panorama of the city.
The hill gave us a good view.
The hill glows with autumnal colors.
The hill is aglow with autumnal colours.
The hill is always green.
The hill is bare of trees.
The hill is exposed, with no trees.
The hill is glowing with autumnal colours.
The hill is glowing with the colours of autumn.
The hill lay covered with snow.
The hill lay hidden beneath snow.
The hill lay hidden under the snow.
The hill looks low from here.
The hill on which my house stands commands a full view of the city.
The hill overlooked the sea.
The hill provides a good view.
The hill slopes downward to the river.
The hill used to be covered in snow.
The hill was all covered with snow.
The hill was covered in snow.
The hills are bathed in sunlight.
The hills in this area are especially beautiful in the fall.
The hills of Galicia are adorned with granite and gorse.
The hills were brutal and tricky to climb.
The hills were covered with snow.
The hills were full of pretty flowers.
The hills were lit up in flames.
The hillside burned all night.
The hillside had torrential flooding from the west.
The hilt of Sir Thomas' sword was intricately decorated with silver leaf.
The hinge is broken.
The hinge is rusty.
The hinges are really squeaky. Could you oil them please?
The hinges are rusty.
The hint of a smile appeared on Tom's face.
The hint of stubble on his face evens out his ruddy looks.
The hint was more than clear.
The hippo is Africa's most deadly animal.
The hippo is not related to the horse.
The hippocampus is a part of the brain associated with the storage and retrieval of memories.
The hippopotamus chased the lionesses away.
The hippopotamus is a semiaquatic, mostly herbivorous mammal.
The hippopotamus is the closest relative of the whale.
The hippopotamus is the heaviest extant artiodactyl.
The hippopotamus was far too heavy for him to lift.
The hipster music played overhead at restaurant.
The hipster rabbit refused to eat carrots.
The hipster was twirling his moustache.
The hiring freeze is over.
The hiring manager is looking for an answer that’s more grounded in reality.
The hiss of rushing gas could be heard.
The histologic assay showed that the sample contained cancerous cells.
The historic Brown Hotel in Louisville, Kentucky was founded in 1923.
The historic core of the capital Zagreb suffered heavy damages, but there was no immediate human loss.
The historic lighthouse has seen better days, yet it stands as a symbol of resilience.
The historic relationship between Algeria and China is still strong today.
The historical Azerbaijani lands are some of the most ancient cultural sites of modern civilization.
The historical building was repaired using traditional methods.
The historical legacy of colonialism and imperialism has contributed to the belief among some Westerners that their influence and legacy continue to shape and determine the destiny of non-Western societies.
The historical novel is a popular genre of literature.
The historical novel is a popular literary genre.
The historical novel was a very popular genre.
The historical outcome proved him right.
The historical process might change its course if he were a little more bold.
The historical study has to be truthful and objective.
The historical thesis can be summarized by saying that Darwinism has undergone three stages of evolution.
The histories of American Catholics and American Jews are intertwined.
The history class starts at nine.
The history course is interesting.
The history of Algeria goes back a long way, many centuries before the Islamic conquests.
The history of Algeria is amazing.
The history of Algeria is as interesting as its geography.
The history of American residential architecture has always been kind of like an all-you-can-eat buffet," says architect Susan Piedmont-Palladino, director of Virginia Tech's Washington Alexandria Architecture Center. "We can borrow anybody's style of architecture and I'm not sure that's the attitude in other countries around the world. I also think we're dominated by the single family house in a way that other places aren't."
The history of Australia is very interesting.
The history of Boston is very interesting.
The history of Brazil is fascinating.
The history of Cambodia truly began with a people whose name was Khmer, who migrated to this land of Cambodia from the south of China and the north of India about 2000 years BC.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
The history of Christianity is colonialism and genocide. America is very Christian.
The history of France is truly interesting.
The history of France is very interesting.
The history of India is long.
The history of Rome is very interesting.
The history of a battle, is not unlike the history of a ball. Some individuals may recollect all the little events of which the great result is the battle won or lost, but no individual can recollect the order in which, or the exact moment at which, they occurred, which makes all the difference as to their value or importance.
The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles.
The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or a woman.
The history of glass is extremely long, and begins in the ancient Orient.
The history of logarithm in seventeenth-century Europe is the discovery of a new function that extended the realm of analysis beyond the scope of algebraic methods.
The history of machine translation began fifty years ago.
The history of some words is a real masterpiece. For instance, kaput. The original word was the Latin "caput" - "a head"; and the way from "a head" to "the end of everything" is rather long.
The history of the 19th century is hardly taught in schools today.
The history of the Byzantine Empire spans 1058 years.
The history of the development of aviation is fascinating.
The history of the digital camera can be traced back to the beginning of the fifties.
The history of the relationship between the Catholic Church and the Jews was not always a happy or an easy one. Too often it was written in tears.
The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
The history of this practice shows that it is far from being a perfect solution.
The history that's being told is more than five hundred years old.
The hit rate for this virus is very high, so most people who are exposed get sick.
The hit-and-run driver, accompanied by his father, came and turned himself in the next day.
The hive was taken over by a cuckoo bee.
The hoarfrost has not begun to thaw yet.
The hoarfrost hasn't yet begun to thaw.
The hob was still hot after quarter of an hour.
The hobo lived on the island.
The hockey players started fighting.
The hockey referee intervened to stop the fight.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
The hold was empty.
The hole in his sock is so big that you can see his ankle.
The hole is about five feet across.
The hole is big enough.
The hole is dug out.
The hole is narrow.
The hole is open.
The hole is too small. Keep digging!
The hole is two meters across.
The hole is two meters wide.
The hole is wide.
The hole leads to the outside.
The hole looked huge.
The hole was big enough to look through.
The holiday allowed me to take a breather.
The holiday continues to be very boring.
The holiday did me the world of good.
The holiday ended all too soon.
The holiday is over now.
The holiday lasts for three days.
The holiday provided me respite.
The holiday season is a wondrous time of year when people are reunited with their racist family members.
The holiday season is almost over.
The holiday season is my favourite time of the year.
The holiday season that begins Thursday with Thanksgiving Day feasts in many American homes is often the only time of year that people pay much attention to the homeless and hungry. We buy someone a meal, slip a panhandler a buck or two, or spend a day volunteering at a soup kitchen. But a new newspaper in Washington, D.C., aims to put a human face on homelessness year-round, not just during the frigid months ahead.
The holiday traffic crawled along the highway.
The holiday trip to Tanjung Jara will be joined by all of the course's participants.
The holiday was a big disappointment. The accommodation, the catering, the beach and the locals were not at all what he had imagined.
The holiday was beautiful and relaxing.
The holiday was over very quickly.
The holiday was up very quickly.
The holiday was, by now, more than half-way over.
The holiday, which began like a dream, was to end in nightmare.
The holidaymaker went to Mallorca.
The holidays always bring everyone closer together.
The holidays always end all too soon.
The holidays are coming to an end.
The holidays are coming up.
The holidays are coming.
The holidays are costing me a lot.
The holidays are over now.
The holidays aren't over yet.
The holidays begin on the first of June and last until the end of September.
The holidays came to an end at last.
The holidays ended all too soon.
The holidays seem to be doing her health good.
The holidays start on the first of June and continue till the end of September.
The holidays will be here soon.
The hollow trunk of Major Oak, an ancient oak tree in Nottinghamshire, is said to have been used by Robin Hood and his merry men as a hideout.
The holy book of Muslims is the Qur'an.
The holy book of Muslims is the Qur’an.
The holy books of her religion have been translated. There is loss of information, as there are wordplays, poetic rhyme, and esoteric letter numerology in the original. Also, the mindset of agrarian people thousands of years ago cannot easily be comprehended now. In some religions, adherents are required to learn the original language, so they can read their holy writings.
The holy city of Jerusalem has fallen into the hands of invaders over the centuries.
The holy man tiptoed his way across the Ganges.
The holy writings come from desert people.
The home is full of loved ones and family.
The home is open to the public by guided tour.
The home is the woman's world, the world is the man's home.
The home of my father is also my home.
The home shapes the identity.
The home shows the soul.
The home supporters trudged their way out of the stadium after yet another home defeat.
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents.
The home team grabbed the equaliser at the beginning of the second half.
The home team managed to score the equaliser at the beginning of the second half.
The home team piled on the pressure in their desperate search for an equaliser, peppering the opposition goal with shot after shot.
The home team won.
The home where Atatürk was born is in Thessaloniki.
The homeless guy didn't want people snooping around that area.
The homeless guy just wanted change.
The homeless guy smelt horrible.
The homeless guy was removed from the store.
The homeless guy was searching for returnable bottles in a garbage dumpster.
The homeless man followed me.
The homeless man played the piano excellently.
The homeless man tried to talk more to me, but I walked away, ignoring him.
The homeless people were annoyed by the flies and mosquitoes.
The homeless sought shelter from a shower.
The homeless sought shelter from the chilly shower.
The homeless woman had the story of her hard life written all over her face, but she had the smile of an angel.
The homemade bomb exploded.
The homemaker vacuumed the carpet.
The homeroom teacher pays special attention to maintaining a good relationship with the parents.
The homes of hundreds of families were burned.
The homes on the coast are very expensive.
The hometown of my boyfriend is the same as mine.
The homework has to be done by tomorrow.
The homework is due next Monday.
The homework is due next week.
The homework is very tiring.
The homework was difficult.
The homework was easily done.
The homework was so complex that no one in class finished it.
The homework will be sent by Friday and should be done and sent to me by Tuesday, by email or on Skype.
The homodiegetic narrator is one who participates in the event.
The homogeneity of this city is depressing.
The homophobic rhetoric has declined over the years.
The honest Benignus loved life extraordinarily, but he loved gold prodigiously.
The honest old man became rich.
The honey crystallized.
The honeybee isn't indigenous to North America.
The honeybee isn't indigenous to the Americas.
The honeycomb structure gives the scaffolding its sturdiness.
The honeycombs of the beehive are full of honey.
The honeymoon is over.
The honeymoon was over.
The honeymoon will be spent abroad.
The honeymoon's not over yet.
The honor code was important.
The honor is more than I deserve.
The honor you are giving me is more than I deserve.
The hood does not make the monk.
The hood has broken, and so the greasy fumes from cooking are now spreading throughout the kitchen.
The hooded clouds, like friars, tell their beads in drops of rain.
The hooded crow is unmistakeable with its alternating splotches of black and gray.
The hook doesn't catch.
The hook doesn’t catch.
The hook slashed into Gunter’s neck.
The hooker is old.
The hooligans have been banned from matches.
The hooligans hit him several times in the kidneys with a baseball bat.
The hoop fell to the ground.
The hope is that the results will be different this time.
The hope is that this will become an annual event.
The hope is to use the bio-engineered yogurt bacteria as the active ingredient in a foam, cream or suppository that can be applied before sex to prevent HIV transmission.
The hope is to work out a perfect plan.
The hope of his return encouraged me.
The hoped-for help failed to materialise.
The hopeful expression with which he looked at her clutched her heart.
The hopeful man sees success where others see failure, sunshine where others see shadows and storm.
The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.
The horcrux of stepmother was the magic mirror.
The horizon grew wider.
The horizon is getting increasingly smaller.
The horizon of many people is a circle with a radius of zero - and they call it their point of view.
The horizon stretches beyond sight.
The horizon turned crimson with all the flames of the vanished sun; and long, red clouds, set motionless in the sky, formed glorious landscapes, fantastic lagoons, fiery plains, forests of gold, lakes of blood, a whole glowing and peaceful phantasmagoria.
The horizon was shrouded in morning mist.
The horn-like protuberances giraffes have on the top of their heads are called ossicones.
The hornbill caught a bat.
The hornbill gave the snake to his partner.
The hornbill intimidated the leopard.
The hornbill nestlings are ready to fledge.
The hornbill was in the guava tree.
The hornbills starved to death.
The horned lizard or "horny toad" looks like a tiny dinosaur.
The hornet buzzes.
The hornet chewed the bark to make wood pulp and build its nest.
The hornet was caught in a trap.
The hornet's eggs and grubs develop in a nest.
The horns aren't playing together.
The horns need to be louder than the woodwinds.
The horrific smell could barely be tolerated.
The horrifying exploitation of indigenous peoples in English colonies can be compared to the most true form of slavery.
The horror Yanni experienced is hard to fathom.
The horror crash happened when one of the cars veered onto the wrong side of the road.
The horror! The horror!
The horse Tom bet on came in last.
The horse and buggy is now definitely out of date.
The horse balked and threw the tall rider.
The horse balked at the jump.
The horse began to protest as soon as it was hitched to the cart.
The horse broke its neck when it fell.
The horse bucked its rider.
The horse bucked.
The horse came first.
The horse came in first.
The horse chafed at the bit put in its mouth.
The horse chestnut tree is now classified as vulnerable to extinction.
The horse did not want to even approach the trailer.
The horse did not want to get inside the trailer.
The horse did not want to get into the trailer.
The horse disappeared into the woods.
The horse does not just represent energy, high spirits, prosperity, development, but also stands for a national spirit of struggling on without stopping, and of striving on without giving up.
The horse does the work and the coachman is tipped.
The horse doesn't have horns; the ox and the sheep have horns.
The horse doesn’t have horns; the ox and the sheep have horns.
The horse from the cemetery is dead.
The horse galloped across the field.
The horse gallops over the meadow.
The horse gave me a kick.
The horse got stuck in deep snow.
The horse had to be broken in before it could be ridden.
The horse had to get euthanized because it was crippled.
The horse has already left the barn.
The horse has brown spots.
The horse has bucked off its rider.
The horse has four feet.
The horse has four legs and still stumbles sometimes.
The horse has four legs.
The horse has left the barn.
The horse in question had been sighted several times, and its hoofprints were often seen within half a mile of Freezeout.
The horse is a domestic animal.
The horse is a useful animal.
The horse is a very gregarious creature.
The horse is a very useful animal.
The horse is an animal.
The horse is at the farm.
The horse is big and strong.
The horse is black.
The horse is far from the house.
The horse is galopping.
The horse is in the barn.
The horse is in the forest.
The horse is in the stable.
The horse is jumping.
The horse is mine.
The horse is neighing.
The horse is not white.
The horse is old, but healthy.
The horse is out of the barn.
The horse is perfectly black.
The horse is pulling the carriage.
The horse is running fast.
The horse is running through the forest.
The horse is saddled. What are you waiting for?
The horse is snorting.
The horse is the noblest conquest ever made by man.
The horse is thirsty.
The horse is tired.
The horse is very docile and is ideal for beginner riders.
The horse is white.
The horse jumped over the fence.
The horse jumped over the wooden fence.
The horse jumped the gate.
The horse just wouldn't budge.
The horse kicked at him when he approached it.
The horse latitudes are located at about 30 degrees north and south of the equator.
The horse latitudes are subtropical regions known for calm winds and little precipitation.
The horse liked to prance during shows.
The horse lives in the stable.
The horse lowered its head.
The horse must have stumbled and have toppled the knight.
The horse needs fresh beddings of straw.
The horse neighed loudly.
The horse neighs.
The horse never refuses to gallop to its stall.
The horse nuzzled against you affectionately.
The horse of a hurried man is often sick, but that of a lazy man often stumbles.
The horse of the King's daughter was called Falada, and could speak.
The horse of the fair huntress showed symptoms of impatience and restiveness.
The horse of the fourth horseman of the Apocalypse was actually green.
The horse only drinks pure water.
The horse placed first.
The horse pranced through the meadow.
The horse raced past the barn fell.
The horse ran across the field.
The horse ran fast.
The horse ran through the fields.
The horse reared up and Vladimir fell to the ground.
The horse reared up.
The horse rears up.
The horse rolls on the grazing ground.
The horse rose on its hind legs.
The horse runs fast.
The horse seemed tired.
The horse seemed to be sweet-natured.
The horse should go to the manger, not the manger to the horse.
The horse snorted impatiently.
The horse snorts.
The horse squealed in pain.
The horse stomped its foot.
The horse stopped and obstinately did not move.
The horse stopped and refused to go any further.
The horse stopped and refused to go on.
The horse stopped and refused to move.
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
The horse stopped and wouldn’t move.
The horse stopped suddenly and threw him off.
The horse that Tom bet on came in last.
The horse that Tom bet on won.
The horse that we can't buy will always have a defect.
The horse that won the race is owned by Tom Jackson.
The horse that won the race is owned by Tom.
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr Johnson.
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr. Johnson.
The horse took fright and bolted.
The horse trader showed Miroslav five horses.
The horse trotted down the road.
The horse trotted gracefully.
The horse turned into an antelope.
The horse was afraid.
The horse was also valuable.
The horse was in good health.
The horse was just not listening to Vladimir.
The horse was lying on the straw.
The horse was retired from racing and became a broodmare.
The horse was sniffing the grass.
The horse was so thin, I could feel its bones through its flanks.
The horse went so quickly that Tom fell.
The horse which carries Cornelius is beautiful.
The horse would not move.
The horse you bought is fast.
The horse's flanks are hurt.
The horse's mane was beautiful.
The horse, feeling it was finally free, began trotting west.
The horse, the lion, the dog and the sheep are animals.
The horse-drawn buggy trundled along the narrow lane inexorably, forcing me to step to one side.
The horse-fly buzzes 'zz zz'.
The horseman is headless.
The horsepower of a car matters not, with a donkey in control.
The horses all ran away.
The horses are back!
The horses are coming down the track and it's neck and neck.
The horses are coming down the track and it’s neck and neck.
The horses are exhausted, and the climb is very steep.
The horses are grazing in the pasture.
The horses are hers.
The horses are in the stable.
The horses are nervous that there might be a thunderstorm tonight.
The horses are on the farm.
The horses are pulling the harrow.
The horses are restless—perhaps we will have thunder tonight.
The horses are running in the green pasture.
The horses are unsettled about the gunshots.
The horses did a six furlong workout this morning.
The horses drank from the river.
The horses eat grass.
The horses eat the grass.
The horses galloped.
The horses go into a panic at the sight of a boar.
The horses graze in the pasture.
The horses grazed peacefully in the valley.
The horses kicked up dust.
The horses left a very visible trail.
The horses look strong and fast.
The horses make dust as they run.
The horses moved off, setting the cart in motion.
The horses pull the carriage.
The horses ran so fast that, now and then, the carriage lifted off the ground. Even so, we failed to shake off the pursuing werewolf.
The horses watch Heather's every move when she mucks out their stalls.
The horses went bathing.
The horses were out there, grazing in the meadows.
The horses were restless.
The horses will be shy until they get to know you.
The horseshoe brings luck and has apotropaic meaning.
The horse’s flanks are hurt.
The hose didn't work.
The hose is clogged.
The hosiery factory produces 600,000 pairs of socks a day.
The hospital I usually go to is closed for renovations.
The hospital administrator oversees the health service of the entire facility to provide patients with excellent care.
The hospital can't accept any more new patients.
The hospital food wasn't as bad as I expected it to be.
The hospital food wasn't very good.
The hospital for this Mars colony is underground.
The hospital gave my brother crutches after he broke his leg.
The hospital had a grand opening last month.
The hospital has been abandoned for a very long time.
The hospital has been sued as a result of a glaring oversight when doctors failed to notice a large tumour in a woman's X-ray.
The hospital has no beds available.
The hospital has three wings.
The hospital is Mark's second home.
The hospital is about two kilometres away.
The hospital is crowded.
The hospital is located down the street.
The hospital is near here.
The hospital is next to the school.
The hospital is not crowded.
The hospital is on the other side of the station.
The hospital is open whenever.
The hospital is overrun.
The hospital isn't crowded.
The hospital opened last month.
The hospital patient dropped off shortly after the doctor injected him with anesthesia.
The hospital provides around the clock service.
The hospital quarantined the infected patients to avoid cross infection.
The hospital restricts the number of visitors who can enter the intensive care unit.
The hospital staff spoke Berber.
The hospital that I usually go to is closed for renovations.
The hospital that I went to for my allergies recommended me a shampoo that wouldn't trigger them. It's certainly effective - I think - but it's just way too expensive.
The hospital that used to be across the street closed in 2013.
The hospital that used to be across the street remained open until 2013.
The hospital there is not huge.
The hospital took him in yesterday.
The hospital wants nurses to care for its patients.
The hospital was barred from doing business for three years.
The hospital was far away from his village.
The hospital was paging Dr. Sadiq.
The hospital where Tom was born is in Australia.
The hospital where Tom was born is in Boston.
The hospital's catchment area is the hospital's city plus the 3 adjacent towns.
The hospitality in Algeria is just unreal.
The hospitality in Algeria is pretty incredible.
The hospitality of Algerians is quite amazing.
The hospitality of the Tuaregs is pretty incredible.
The host carved the turkey for the guests.
The host city for the 2022 World Cup Final, Lusail, doesn't exist yet.
The host city of the Olympic Games is chosen through a bidding process by the International Olympic Committee.
The host country's triumph has a seismic effect.
The host country's victory was earthshattering.
The host cut the turkey for the guests.
The host entertained us at the party.
The host of this pub is always so friendly.
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his guests.
The host spent the entire day cooking to make sure everyone enjoyed the celebration.
The host usually carves the roast at the table.
The host warmly welcomed the guests, and everyone was offered a glass of wine.
The hostage crisis created a diplomatic crisis between the two nations.
The hostage-taker activated the timer of the bomb.
The hostage-takers armed themselves with explosives.
The hostage-takers planted explosives all around the compound.
The hostage-takers threatened to detonate a bomb.
The hostages appear to be OK.
The hostages are alive.
The hostages are all still alive.
The hostages are facing death.
The hostages reunited with their families.
The hostages starved because they were deprived of food.
The hostages were bound and gagged.
The hostages will be released before Christmas.
The hostages will be released tomorrow.
The hostages will be released.
The hostel costs twenty euros per person per night.
The hostess complained that I visit her so rarely these days.
The hostess couldn't possibly put up with his arrogance.
The hostess couldn't possibly tolerate his arrogance.
The hostess couldn’t possibly put up with his arrogance.
The hostess couldn’t possibly tolerate his arrogance.
The hostess treated us very well.
The hostess was reimbursed for the party's expenses.
The hostess, who played no instrument, but doted upon all, was of opinion that an executant should 'aim at mirroring his own nature in his interpretation of a tone-poem'; whereupon another lady threw out remarks on 'subjective interpretation', confessing her preference for a method purely 'objective'.
The hostile army began to attack.
The hosts on this channel are utterly ignorant.
The hosts on this channel are utterly illiterate.
The hosts took the lead after five minutes.
The hot bath relaxed her.
The hot bath relaxed me.
The hot bath relaxed my muscles.
The hot chick that sent me a friend request turned out to be Tom's catfish account.
The hot chocolate is warming my insides.
The hot coffee can melt a plastic cup.
The hot dogs are almost ready.
The hot spring air makes us sleepy.
The hot spring we visited was really nice.
The hot spring will do you good.
The hot summer has come.
The hot summer hurt my business.
The hot sun baked the ground dry.
The hot sun has dried out the soil.
The hot sun has parched the earth.
The hot sun made the flowers hang down.
The hot tea and toast exuded a gratifying smell.
The hot water bottle is burning my leg.
The hot water heater is acting up again, so you'll have to wait a bit before taking a shower.
The hot water is not running.
The hot water isn't running.
The hot water isn’t running.
The hot water supply in her kitchen sink was inconsistent.
The hot weather changed snow into water.
The hot weather turns milk.
The hot weather was followed by several days of rain.
The hot-blooded are prone to heart attacks.
The hotcakes sold like hotcakes.
The hotel "Blue Ocean" is considerably more comfortable than the youth hotel "Siberian Hut".
The hotel I stayed in was not too far from Tom's house.
The hotel I stayed in wasn't too far from Tom's house.
The hotel I'm staying at is close to the railway station.
The hotel I'm staying at is close to the station.
The hotel I'm staying at is near the station.
The hotel adjoins a lake on the east.
The hotel at which we stayed was very comfortable.
The hotel bed was very soft.
The hotel burned down.
The hotel can accommodate 300 people.
The hotel can accommodate 400 guests.
The hotel can accommodate 500 guests.
The hotel can accommodate fifty guests.
The hotel cancelled Tom's reservation.
The hotel chain employs a thousand people.
The hotel chain employs thousands of people.
The hotel charged me 8,000 yen for the room.
The hotel charged me 8000 yen for the room.
The hotel does not permit guests to keep pets.
The hotel doesn't allow anyone to bring pets.
The hotel double-booked his room.
The hotel fronts the lake.
The hotel gave Karl a full reimbursement for the entire stay.
The hotel had a perfect view of the ocean.
The hotel has a good prospect.
The hotel has a homely atmosphere.
The hotel has a homey atmosphere.
The hotel has a lot of foreign guests.
The hotel has a pleasant atmosphere.
The hotel has a swimming pool, tennis courts and the like.
The hotel has accommodation for one hundred.
The hotel has an air of luxury.
The hotel has good accommodation.
The hotel has no money.
The hotel has now become a local museum and community center.
The hotel has, among other things, a swimming pool and tennis court.
The hotel he's living in is downtown.
The hotel he's staying at is in the city centre.
The hotel he's staying in is in the city centre.
The hotel is a castle with seventy-seven rooms, all of which have an en suite shower, a telephone and cable television.
The hotel is at the end of the street.
The hotel is at the foot of a mountain.
The hotel is being remodeled.
The hotel is built around a mineral spring.
The hotel is by the sea.
The hotel is closed throughout winter.
The hotel is closed.
The hotel is completely full.
The hotel is cozy.
The hotel is down there.
The hotel is eight hundred meters from here.
The hotel is full of foreigners.
The hotel is full.
The hotel is fully booked.
The hotel is in a very dangerous area of the city.
The hotel is located deep in the mountains.
The hotel is located on the mountain.
The hotel is looking for a new head receptionist.
The hotel is near the bright yellow billboard on the north side of the highway.
The hotel is next to the movie theater.
The hotel is noted for its food.
The hotel is on fire.
The hotel is on the beach.
The hotel is on the coast.
The hotel is on the other side of the street.
The hotel is over there.
The hotel is owned by the Algerian government.
The hotel is run by his uncle.
The hotel is situated in the mountain.
The hotel is situated on the mountain.
The hotel is situated on the shores of the lake.
The hotel is still under construction.
The hotel is there.
The hotel is within easy access of the station.
The hotel later announced it was closing after two guests tested positive for COVID-19.
The hotel lobby boasts a beautiful, crystal chandelier from the 1920s.
The hotel lobby is very busy.
The hotel looks fine.
The hotel looks like a normal building.
The hotel name is English.
The hotel pancaked after the earthquake. Luckily, we were hiking at the time.
The hotel porter carried the guests' luggage to their rooms.
The hotel provided a wire in the bathroom for hanging wet clothes.
The hotel provided us with sandwiches and coffee.
The hotel remains closed during the winter.
The hotel reservation system went down.
The hotel room assigned to William was spacious and well-furnished.
The hotel room was a mess after the drunk tourists stayed there.
The hotel room was rented for a week.
The hotel room where we stayed was shabby.
The hotel rooms are all booked because of a convention.
The hotel sector is recruiting people.
The hotel sector is recruiting.
The hotel sector is taking people on.
The hotel spared no expense in the design of its presidential suite.
The hotel staff spoke rudely about the guests in the belief that they wouldn't be understood.
The hotel stands on a hill.
The hotel telephone is in the hall and Harriet is trying to ring the police now.
The hotel that I stay in is dirty.
The hotel that we stayed in had a swimming pool.
The hotel told Tom that no more rooms were available at the price that was advertised in the paper.
The hotel was burned down.
The hotel was burned to the ground.
The hotel was designed by a Japanese architect.
The hotel was evacuated.
The hotel was expensive, but the daily rate included breakfast.
The hotel was expensive, therefore he slept at the station.
The hotel was first class.
The hotel was hard by the lake.
The hotel was in sight.
The hotel was luxurious beyond description.
The hotel was once a restaurant.
The hotel was otherwise good, but the food was quite bad.
The hotel was relatively dear.
The hotel was relatively expensive.
The hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake.
The hotel we stayed at was near the beach.
The hotel we stayed at was very nice.
The hotel we stayed in was near the beach.
The hotel where I'm staying doesn't have a parking lot.
The hotel where we stayed last year is near here.
The hotel where we stayed overnight was very comfortable.
The hotel where we stayed was very comfortable.
The hotel which I am staying at is near the station.
The hotel's full of foreigners.
The hotel's toilet is clean.
The hotelier was very nice.
The hoteliers established a regional information centre for tourists.
The hoteliers founded a regional information centre for tourists.
The hoteliers set up a regional information centre for tourists.
The hotelkeeper speaks English, French, and Greek.
The hotels along the beach have been evacuated.
The hotels along the beach were evacuated.
The hotels here are kept unusually clean.
The hotels there are nothing to write home about.
The hotline number for people crossing the border is +48 47 721 75 75.
The hotness of this tea is making my cup too hot to hold.
The hotter it gets, the more we use our air conditioner.
The hotter it gets, the more we use our air conditioners.
The hound was in full chase of the bear.
The hounds are in pursuit of the fox.
The hounds flushed the fox out of its hiding place.
The hour being late, the decision was postponed until the following day.
The hour between night and dawn is called the hour of the wolf.
The hour hand is broken.
The hour has arrived for us to depart from this road.
The hour has arrived for you to depart from this road.
The hour has come for Ziri.
The hour is now.
The hour of afternoon rest has arrived.
The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways â€” I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows.
The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways — I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows.
The hour of truth has come.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcasted live on TV last night.
The hourglass rotates itself using gravity.
The hourglass will indicate the end of the fight.
The hours are flashing by.
The hours are terrible.
The hours passed much faster than I had expected.
The hours suited his schedule perfectly.
The hours ticked by.
The hours, the minutes, the seconds...
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.
The house I grew up in didn't have an indoor toilet.
The house I grew up in didn't have electricity.
The house I grew up in didn't have running water.
The house I grew up in was demolished last week.
The house I grew up in was torn down last week.
The house I live in belongs to my grandfather.
The house I'm living in isn't very large.
The house I'm living in now is much larger than the one I grew up in.
The house I’m living in isn’t very large.
The house Tom and I are living in isn't very large.
The house Tom built is really nice.
The house Tom built is wonderful.
The house Ziri lives in isn't in the best neighborhood.
The house across the street is Tom's.
The house across the street is going to be torn down next month.
The house across the street is the president's vacation home.
The house always felt dark, cold and damp.
The house always wins.
The house appears to be empty.
The house at the end of the street is supposedly haunted.
The house belongs to Santiago.
The house belongs to him.
The house belongs to me.
The house belongs to my parents.
The house bird is in its cage.
The house burned down completely.
The house burned down.
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.
The house burned to the ground.
The house burnt to ashes.
The house by the lake is mine.
The house by the sea belongs to me.
The house can accommodate two families.
The house caught fire while my father was at work.
The house caught fire.
The house caved in.
The house closest to here is two miles away.
The house collapsed a week later.
The house collapsed in an earthquake.
The house collapsed under the weight of snow.
The house collapsed under the weight of the snow.
The house collapsed.
The house cost a small fortune.
The house costs double what it did before.
The house could accommodate two families.
The house could do with a lick of paint.
The house could not be saved.
The house definitely looked like it was abandoned.
The house deprived us of light.
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out.
The house disappeared into the fog.
The house doesn't belong to my brother anymore.
The house doesn't have a roof.
The house doesn’t have water.
The house doesn’t seem to be new to me.
The house exactly corresponds with my needs.
The house features an atrium with a rectangular peristyle and a covered corridor, the roof of which is supported by columns with Doric capitals.
The house fell down a week later.
The house fell down in an earthquake.
The house fell down one week later.
The house fire left massive scorches on the wall.
The house gave no sign of life.
The house gave off strange vibes.
The house gets painted every five years.
The house got painted.
The house had a stone wall around it.
The house had an eerie vibe.
The house had broken-down doors.
The house had disappeared in the fog.
The house had electricity installed in 1930.
The house had its roof ripped off by the storm.
The house had that distinct smell that reminded us of a country log cabin.
The house has a dining room, a bedroom and a study.
The house has a garden.
The house has a hatch to the basement on the outside.
The house has a lot of natural light.
The house has a short hallway.
The house has a southern aspect.
The house has a thatched roof.
The house has all the conveniences.
The house has been bought.
The house has been easily sold.
The house has been empty for years.
The house has been left to go to ruin.
The house has been on sale for months, but still hasn't found a buyer.
The house has been sold.
The house has been standing empty for a long time.
The house has been up for sale four times in the last ten years.
The house has been vacant for a long time.
The house has been vacant for years.
The house has burnt down.
The house has exposed wood beams and enameled tile in the living and dining rooms.
The house has fallen down.
The house has icicles on it.
The house has no roof.
The house has pipes under the ground to carry dirty water away.
The house has seven full bathrooms.
The house has stood empty for a long time.
The house has three floors.
The house has three stories.
The house has to be in perfect condition all the time.
The house has two bedrooms.
The house has two doors and a lot of windows.
The house has two doors: big and small.
The house has two floors and a wood shingle roof.
The house in which we lived was torn down.
The house is a bit more than an hour away in the forest, under three large oaks.
The house is a mess.
The house is abandoned.
The house is about to collapse.
The house is across from the church, so you shouldn't miss it.
The house is across from the church, so you shouldn’t miss it.
The house is always spruce.
The house is anything but comfortable to live in.
The house is appropriately insulated.
The house is at the top of the hill.
The house is beautiful.
The house is beautifully situated.
The house is being built now.
The house is being painted by a professional.
The house is being renovated.
The house is big, but the garden is tiny.
The house is big.
The house is black.
The house is built in European style.
The house is built of red bricks.
The house is burning!
The house is burning.
The house is clean.
The house is cold.
The house is comfortable to live in.
The house is dilapidated, and the roof is leaking.
The house is empty.
The house is falling apart before our eyes.
The house is far away from the road.
The house is farther on.
The house is fenced around.
The house is fifty meters from the beach.
The house is filled with friends and relatives.
The house is five hundred years old.
The house is full of children; we long for a little peace.
The house is full of cockroaches.
The house is full of dust.
The house is full of people.
The house is going to feel empty without you.
The house is haunted.
The house is heated by solar energy.
The house is hers.
The house is his.
The house is in danger of collapse.
The house is in need of repair.
The house is in the country.
The house is in the village.
The house is insured against fire.
The house is just a few metres away from the street.
The house is listed for sale.
The house is located in a quiet suburban neighborhood.
The house is made from wood.
The house is made of brick.
The house is made of stone.
The house is made of wood.
The house is more than hundred years old.
The house is my house, but I sleep outside.
The house is nearly one kilometer from school.
The house is new.
The house is next door but one.
The house is not as big as I would have liked.
The house is not ideal, but it's all right.
The house is not ideal, but it’s all right.
The house is not impressive if you're thinking of size.
The house is not impressive if you’re thinking of size.
The house is not in very good condition.
The house is not occupied now.
The house is not open to the public.
The house is now under construction.
The house is old.
The house is on fire!
The house is on fire.
The house is on sale.
The house is on the hill.
The house is on the most level part of the ground.
The house is on top of the hill.
The house is opposite the church. You can't miss it.
The house is opposite the church. You can’t miss it.
The house is over 200 years old. In fact, it's a listed building.
The house is over a hundred years old.
The house is owned by him.
The house is painted white.
The house is pretty.
The house is quiet.
The house is quite dilapidated.
The house is quite run down.
The house is red.
The house is run-down.
The house is running out of water.
The house is said to be haunted.
The house is screened from view with a high fence.
The house is situated on the top of the hill.
The house is small but beautiful.
The house is small, but it's enough for us.
The house is small, but it's large enough for us.
The house is small, but pretty.
The house is small.
The house is so beautiful.
The house is so dark it's like I'm blind.
The house is sold.
The house is suitably isolated.
The house is surrounded by a garden.
The house is surrounded by a stone wall.
The house is surrounded by a wall, beyond which cypresses grow.
The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which cypress trees are growing.
The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which cypresses grow.
The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which there are cypress trees growing.
The house is surrounded by trees.
The house is surrounded by zombies.
The house is terribly draughty.
The house is there.
The house is thousands of metres away from the street telecoms cabinet.
The house is to let.
The house is too big for me.
The house is too big for us, and what is more, it is too expensive.
The house is too big for us.
The house is too cold.
The house is too small for five people to live in.
The house is two miles off.
The house is under repairs.
The house is unoccupied.
The house is vacant.
The house is very big, isn't it?
The house is very cold.
The house is very old. It needs renovating before you sell it.
The house is very old. It needs repairing before you sell it.
The house is very old. It needs to be renovated before you sell it.
The house is very old. It needs to be repaired before you sell it.
The house is very old; it needs renovating before you sell it.
The house is very old; it needs repairing before you sell it.
The house is very quiet.
The house is warm.
The house is well insulated.
The house is white.
The house isn't clean. The house is a pigsty!
The house isn't cold.
The house isn't completely done.
The house isn't huge and it's on about two-thirds of an acre, and when we first bought it I spent several hours every week getting the lawnmower fixed and cutting the lawn, in that order.
The house isn't ideal, but it's all right.
The house isn't in very good condition.
The house isn't occupied now.
The house isn’t huge and it’s on about two-thirds of an acre, and when we first bought it I spent several hours every week getting the lawnmower fixed and cutting the lawn, in that order.
The house itself, constructed chiefly of a framework of massive timber, filled in with stone or brick, had no pretensions to architectural beauty, albeit its wide, projecting eaves, its large chimneys, and latticed windows, with its neat, well-kept garden full of gay flowers, gave it a picturesque and quaint appearance.
The house just crumbled into a heap of stones.
The house just crumbled, turning into a pile of stones.
The house key isn't here.
The house lies between the village, a river and a forest.
The house looked abandoned.
The house looked beaten up.
The house looked good; moreover, the price was right.
The house looked very dilapidated: the windows had no glass, the plaster was falling off the walls and the roof was covered with moss.
The house looked very dismal.
The house looked wonderful with its fresh coat of paint.
The house looks circular, but it isn't a complete circle.
The house looks circular, but it isn’t a complete circle.
The house looks empty since they left.
The house looks unoccupied.
The house needs a little work.
The house needs a new coat of paint.
The house needs painted.
The house needs repairs.
The house next door has been empty for many years.
The house next door is a bit loud. I wonder if they're throwing a party.
The house next to ours is being torn down.
The house no longer belongs to my brother.
The house of councillors election opens this week.
The house of every one is to him as his castle and fortress, as well for his defence against injury and violence as for his repose.
The house of that villager is very big.
The house of the witch is a gingerbread house in a forest.
The house on the corner is new.
The house on the corner is ours.
The house on the corner looks empty.
The house on the hill is hers.
The house on the hill is his.
The house on the shore of the lake is mine.
The house only needs minor repairs.
The house over there is Tom's.
The house over there on the hill is my house.
The house passed through many hands.
The house remained closed ever since.
The house remained empty, no one having moved in.
The house represents a division between two opposite zones of London.
The house requires large repairs.
The house requires repairs.
The house reserves the right to refuse admission.
The house sat in the middle of nowhere.
The house seemed about to collapse at any moment.
The house seemed clear.
The house seemed empty.
The house seemed strangely quiet.
The house seemed to be bigger.
The house shows signs of neglect.
The house smells good.
The house smells of pine needles and resin.
The house smelt old.
The house standing on the hill is very old.
The house stands among trees.
The house stands apart from the others.
The house stands by itself.
The house stands on the hill.
The house stank.
The house started shaking.
The house stood empty after the occupants had moved away.
The house stood empty and disused for a long time.
The house stood on the hill.
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.
The house survived the landslide intact.
The house that I live in is old.
The house that Tom and I are living in isn't very large.
The house that Tom bought is a real fixer-upper.
The house that Tom built is really nice.
The house that stands on the hill is very old.
The house that stands on the shore of the lake is mine.
The house that you can't see there belongs to Tom. It's invisible.
The house there belongs to me.
The house they built had four storeys.
The house to the left of mine is Lucy's.
The house up on the hill is his.
The house verges on the river.
The house was a bloody mess.
The house was a meeting place for prominent personalities from the composer's circle of friends.
The house was ablaze when the fire engine arrived.
The house was ablaze with lights.
The house was ablaze.
The house was absolutely abandoned.
The house was altogether destroyed by the fire.
The house was an old-fashioned, wide-spread, oak-beamed brick building, with a fine lime-lined avenue leading up to it.
The house was as dark as dark.
The house was being painted by my father.
The house was being sold.
The house was beyond saving. It had to be torn down.
The house was big.
The house was blazing with lights.
The house was broken into last night.
The house was built at the beginning of the century.
The house was built at the turn of the century.
The house was built by the community.
The house was built from recycled materials.
The house was built in 1960.
The house was built in the 16th century.
The house was built of brick, stone and metal, and had plastic window frames.
The house was built of bricks.
The house was built on a solid bedrock foundation.
The house was built several hundred years ago.
The house was burned to ashes.
The house was burned to the ground, with all its contents.
The house was burned to the ground.
The house was burning pretty fiercely.
The house was burnt to ashes.
The house was carried away by strong winds.
The house was carried away by the flood.
The house was clad in brightly colored stucco.
The house was cleaned inside and out.
The house was clearly occupied.
The house was cold.
The house was completely burnt down by a fire.
The house was creepy as hell.
The house was dark and quiet.
The house was dark and silent.
The house was dark, dismantled; and, to all appearance, uninhabited.
The house was dark.
The house was dead silent.
The house was deserted.
The house was destroyed by a tornado.
The house was destroyed by fire.
The house was destroyed by the flood.
The house was empty except for a cat.
The house was empty, if you don't count the cat.
The house was empty.
The house was feeling desolate.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
The house was full of grandchildren.
The house was full of little children and laughter and songs; and now it is empty, and nothing ever wanders through it but the wind. How lonely and sorrowful it must feel!
The house was hardly visible from a distance due to poor visibility.
The house was hidden by trees and bushes.
The house was hidden in fog.
The house was in a blaze.
The house was in flames.
The house was in good order when we left.
The house was in poor condition.
The house was in shambles.
The house was in sight.
The house was lit up.
The house was locked.
The house was more expensive than I had expected.
The house was on fire.
The house was on the right side of the road.
The house was on the verge of collapse.
The house was painted green last year.
The house was painted last month.
The house was painted white.
The house was pitch dark.
The house was pleasant to live in.
The house was possessed.
The house was purchased without my knowledge.
The house was quiet and peaceful.
The house was quiet.
The house was quite unstable.
The house was raided by the police.
The house was reduced to ashes from the fire.
The house was ripped apart by the tornado.
The house was silent.
The house was so dark.
The house was so flooded that I had to swim to the kitchen.
The house was so old that there was still a calendar from 1956 hanging inside.
The house was sold for one million dollars.
The house was sold.
The house was some way outside the village.
The house was struck by lightning yesterday.
The house was surrounded by cops.
The house was surrounded by cornfields.
The house was surrounded by fields.
The house was the place of several murders.
The house was tidy.
The house was too dangerous to live in.
The house was totally empty two weeks ago.
The house was trashed.
The house was undermined by the flood.
The house was unlocked.
The house was vacant.
The house was very badly built.
The house was very dusty.
The house was very scary in the dark.
The house was yet to be built.
The house wasn't particularly remarkable.
The house wasn't very big.
The house we used to live in was torn down.
The house we were living in burned down.
The house went cheap.
The house went quiet.
The house where I grew up didn't have running water.
The house where I live belongs to my parents.
The house where Mozart was born is in Salzburg.
The house where Tom and Mary live is in the old part of the city.
The house where Tom lives is in the old part of the city.
The house where Tom was born was demolished yesterday.
The house where Tom was born was pulled down yesterday.
The house where my father was born is just around the corner.
The house where we spent our first days is unforgettable. It is the best and most loved one. That is where my youngest sister learned to walk in December. Even the smallest corners of every room evoke sweet memories.
The house which stands on the hill is very old.
The house whose roof is green is mine.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker’s.
The house whose roof you can see over there is ours.
The house whose roof you see beyond the bank is Mr Suzuki's.
The house whose roof you see beyond the bank is Mr Suzuki’s.
The house whose roof you see over there is my father's.
The house whose roof you see over there is my father’s.
The house will be built in three months.
The house wine is pretty good.
The house with a red roof is my uncle's house.
The house with the damaged roof has been repaired.
The house with the green roof is mine.
The house with the red roof belongs to my uncle.
The house with the red roof is Tom's.
The house you bought is beautiful.
The house's door is yellow.
The house's stucco was cracking.
The houseboat is in the boathouse.
The household has an abundance of milk, cheese, and honey.
The household pets were upset at the disruption to their environment, when the painter arrived.
The household was already awake at 6 in the morning.
The household was happy with the festivity.
The housekeeper came out on the porch.
The housekeeper interrupted the conversation.
The housekeeper let Ziri into the house.
The housemother here makes some really good food.
The houses along the river are very old.
The houses and cars looked tiny from the sky.
The houses are burning.
The houses are full of water and mud.
The houses are getting farther and farther apart.
The houses are here.
The houses are large.
The houses become a way for average Americans to get financial leverage, which can multiply their returns. There's no other way for Americans to get access to financial leverage outside of houses. You can't do it in the stock market if you’re just a normal person, and so this is a way to basically speculate in housing.
The houses caught fire one after another.
The houses have several floors.
The houses in Algeria are very different from here.
The houses in that subdivision are all alike.
The houses looked like so many matchboxes.
The houses of Ghardaia are an amazing feat of human engineering.
The houses of these villagers are very big.
The houses on either side were high and large, but very old, and tenanted by people of the poorest class: as their neglected appearance would have sufficiently denoted, without the concurrent testimony afforded by the squalid looks of the few men and women who, with folded arms and bodies half doubled, occasionally skulked along.
The houses on the shore are built on stilts.
The houses on top are expensive.
The houses on top of the hill are expensive.
The houses pack exquisitely beautiful urbane youth.
The houses stand near to each other.
The houses they built in the middle of the jungle were all made of wood.
The houses were built from adobe mud.
The houses were sold.
The houses, or cabins, were surrounded by clusters of coco palms and growths of bananas, and a long curve of white beach, sheltered from the large Atlantic breakers that burst and exploded upon an outer bar, was drawn like a necklace around the semi-circle of emerald-green water.
The housewife is sweeping the leaves in the courtyard.
The housewives provide their families with necessities.
The house’s power went out.
The housing complex Fadil lived in was a bed of unrest.
The housing crisis in Algeria is a complex issue that requires a multifaceted approach to solve.
The housing development is relatively isolated.
The housing estate is relatively isolated.
The housing market in the Netherlands is in a bad way.
The housing market in the Netherlands is in bad shape.
The housing market is stagnant.
The housing project has fallen flat.
The housing shortage is very acute.
The housing situation seemed quite hopeless.
The housing situation showed no promise of improving.
The housing situation showed no signs that it would improve.
The housing situation shows no hope of improvement.
The hovercraft can go pretty fast.
The howl of a wolf began echoing in the area.
The howling began to get louder.
The howling got louder and louder.
The howling grew louder and louder.
The howls grew louder and louder.
The hubbub of the market fades away in the cool evening air.
The hubbub of the market fades in the cool night air.
The hubbub of the market is dying away in the cool night air.
The hubcaps were stolen off my car.
The hug Sami gave Layla changed his life.
The huge alien approached Damiano.
The huge amount of wasted masks could become a serious environmental risk.
The huge building seemed to touch the sky.
The huge convention-hall still rang with the thunders of applause, and most of the delegates were on their feet shouting or waving their hats, when Harley slipped from his desk and made his way quietly to the little side-door leading from the stage.
The huge explosion killed six people.
The huge mass of Jupiter was visible from the spacecraft window.
The huge number of new Esperantists makes me happy.
The huge number of new Esperanto speakers makes me happy.
The huge sanctions imposed are considered a financial nuclear war.
The huge tanker has just left the dock.
The huge waves made Ziri's jaw drop.
The huge waves upset their boat.
The huge wealth of the exterminated Russian tsarist family just like the gold of Gaddafi is at Goldman Sachs.
The hull has a few design themes which make it stand out in appearance.
The hull of the ship collapsed.
The hum of mating males has been likened to the buzz of a chain saw.
The human being is a creature of habit.
The human being is a herd animal.
The human being is a priceless treasure.
The human body consists of a head, neck, and torso, and upper and lower extremities.
The human body consists, among other things, of two arms, one heart and two eyes.
The human body creates vitamin D through exposure to sunlight, and yet some of the sunniest parts of the world have the highest rates of vitamin D deficiency.
The human body has a mysterious power to keep itself healthy and sound.
The human body has three main parts.
The human body has two lungs.
The human body is a work of art.
The human body is amazingly resilient.
The human body is composed of billions of small cells.
The human body is only made up of tiny cells.
The human brain can adapt to new situations.
The human brain can't help but engage with a question that it is confronted with.
The human brain is a spandrel? Ok, says the guy who used his brain to think that...
The human brain is a wondrous thing. It works until the moment you stand up to make a speech.
The human brain is the most perfect organ. It works 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, from our birth to when we fall in love.
The human brain uses one-half of all the sugar in the body.
The human brain weighs about three pounds.
The human brain weighs around 1500 grams.
The human condition is complex, so language should be complex too.
The human ear is an extremely complicated organ.
The human experience of text translation, with all its difficulty and its trial and error, constitutes an irreplaceable richness. The paths from one mental universe to another, the instructive journeys that flow from it and the gaps that one explores there must not be lost sight of, lest we thereby lose our humanity.
The human eye cannot see radio waves because it does not have the ability to see energy waves as long as radio waves.
The human eye is blind to nearly the entire electromagnetic spectrum, except for the very narrow range of light that falls in what we call the visible range.
The human eye is like a camera.
The human femur is tougher than concrete.
The human genome is the recipe that specifies a human being.
The human hand has five fingers with nails.
The human hand is astonishingly flexible.
The human hand is astonishingly versatile.
The human heart has an infinite capacity for hope.
The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed.
The human heart is analogous to a pump.
The human heart is untameable.
The human is an egocentric animal.
The human is bad.
The human life is a journey.
The human mind has a natural disposition to scientific knowledge, and to the things connected with it.
The human mind is fragile.
The human mind is good at recognizing patterns.
The human mind is magnificent.
The human mind is never better disposed to gratitude and attachment than when softened by fear.
The human mind often sees patterns where there are none.
The human mind, no matter how highly trained, cannot grasp the universe. We are in the position of a little child, entering a huge library whose walls are covered to the ceiling with books in many different tongues. The child knows that someone must have written those books. It does not know who or how. It does not understand the languages in which they are written. The child notes a definite plan in the arrangement of the books, a mysterious order, which it does not comprehend, but only dimly suspects. That, it seems to me, is the attitude of the human mind, even the greatest and most cultured, toward God.
The human population is decreasing on Mars.
The human race has one really effective weapon and that is laughter.
The human race is a monotonous affair. Most people spend the greatest part of their time working in order to live, and what little freedom remains so fills them with fear that they seek out any and every means to be rid of it.
The human race is dominant on earth.
The human race shouldn't be a problem for the planet.
The human resources officer asked Tom for his CV.
The human rights group Amnesty International accused Israel of committing acts of genocide against the Palestinian people in Gaza, in a report published on Thursday.
The human skull consists of 23 bones.
The human soul is built such that a lie works upon it a hundred times better than the truth does.
The human soul longs for something noble.
The human space explorers could not make sense of the well-preserved ancient alien machinery.
The human species has learned so much that it has even manufactured the instruments of its own destruction: nuclear weapons.
The human species may perhaps be able to save itself, if a new edition of it still appears.
The human spine consists of 33 or 34 bones.
The human spirit can do what God won't.
The human tendency to regard little things as important has produced very many great things.
The human umbilical cord has one umbilical vein.
The human virome comprised of 380 trillion viruses.
The human vocal instrument has the three elements common to all musical instruments,—a motor, a vibrator, and a resonator; to which is added—what all other instruments lack—an articulator.
The human voice is an invaluable treasure.
The human voice is produced by the larynx.
The human voice is the most beautiful of all wind instruments.
The humane society will be able to treat the kittens and find them homes.
The humanitarian aid was stolen.
The humanoid couldn't hear Stefan.
The humanoid figure Ziri saw in the woods was no taller than himself.
The humble man is getting along with his neighbors.
The humid air makes me cough.
The humidity is 80%?! It must be really close!
The humidity is 80%?! It must be really humid!
The humidity is down.
The humidity is killing me.
The humidity is quite high.
The humidity is very high here.
The humidity is very high, isn't it?
The humidity is very high.
The humidity level is so high in this part of Japan.
The humidity penetrated the walls of the house.
The humming and music started again.
The humming stopped.
The hummingbird beats its wings at an amazing speed.
The hummingbird had just begun its flight.
The hummingbird is the smallest bird in the world.
The hummingbird is the world's smallest bird.
The hummingbird was too timid to come to the feeder when squirrels were around.
The humor of his speech is derived from his peculiar local accent.
The humpbacks’ annual journey from Antarctica to subtropical waters along Australia’s east and west coasts is one of nature’s great migrations.
The hunchback doesn't see his own hump but his companion's.
The hundreds of thousands of football fans visiting Brazil for the World Cup are consuming large quantities of caipirinhas, the national tipple based on muddled lime and the sugarcane-based spirit cachaça.
The hundredth World Congress of Esperanto occurred in Lille, in northern France, between the twenty-fifth of July and the first of August of 2015; it was successful and emotionally touching.
The hunger and poverty in this resource-rich world are one of the despicable characteristics of humanity.
The hunger for facile wisdom is the root of all false philosophy.
The hunger never stops.
The hunger strike ended on October 20th.
The hungry baby did nothing but cry.
The hungry birds were eating from the bird feeder.
The hungry boys ate everything on the table.
The hungry boys made for the restaurant.
The hungry cat batted about Tom's face with her paw and awoke him from a deep sleep.
The hungry cat kept meowing outside the window.
The hungry cat scattered the trash all over the kitchen.
The hungry children ate everything on the table.
The hungry dog lunged greedily at the food.
The hungry dog quickly ate the food.
The hungry lion roars.
The hungry lions were eagerly anticipating the arrival of the wildebeest on their annual migration to the green pastures of the Maasai Mara.
The hungry monkey gets desperate to eat bananas.
The hungry old eagle spotted its prey a mile away.
The hunt for Tom is ongoing.
The hunt is over.
The hunt took them deep into the forest.
The hunt was on.
The hunter aimed a shotgun at a flock of birds.
The hunter aimed a shotgun at the flock of birds.
The hunter aimed at the bird, but missed.
The hunter can not exist without the prey.
The hunter cannot exist without the hunted.
The hunter carefully examined the antlers of the deer before deciding to take a shot.
The hunter caught the fox.
The hunter chases the rabbit in the fields.
The hunter does not lie down with the prey.
The hunter explored the appearance of the sky.
The hunter followed the bear tracks.
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.
The hunter followed the bear’s tracks.
The hunter has a horse and two dogs.
The hunter hunted rabbits with his dog.
The hunter is lying in wait for the hare.
The hunter is stalking the game.
The hunter killed a bear.
The hunter killed a fox.
The hunter killed the fox.
The hunter lurked behind a hedge with his shotgun at the ready.
The hunter put ammunition in the gun.
The hunter remained very still waiting for the deer to come into view.
The hunter shoots deer and hares.
The hunter shoots stags and hares.
The hunter shot a bear.
The hunter shot a fox.
The hunter shot and killed the fox.
The hunter shot at a deer.
The hunter shot at the bird.
The hunter shot the bird.
The hunter shot the fox dead.
The hunter unexpectedly found fresh blood droplets in the snow.
The hunter was alert to every sound and movement.
The hunter was impressed by the size of the buck's antlers.
The hunter was skinning the deer.
The hunter went deep into the forest, never to return.
The hunter wore camouflage clothing.
The hunters aimed at the elephant and shot.
The hunters aimed at the elephant.
The hunters aimed their rifles at the elephant.
The hunters became the hunted.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
The hunters got up before dawn.
The hunters killed a boar.
The hunters shot at the elephant.
The hunters trailed the deer over the mountain.
The hunters were still arguing and roaring like some semi-human amphibious breed.
The hunting dog headed for the woods.
The hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox.
The hunting season is finally here.
The hunting season started in April.
The huntress followed it into the woods.
The hurdler didn't clear the final hurdle.
The hurricane blew away houses with strong winds.
The hurricane claimed many victims.
The hurricane continued to rage.
The hurricane continues to rip through America.
The hurricane damaged the small house.
The hurricane destroyed Tom's home.
The hurricane destroyed Tom's house.
The hurricane does not come unheralded to our shores.
The hurricane has already caused havoc in the Caribbean.
The hurricane is coming dangerously close.
The hurricane stopped raging a long time ago now.
The hurricane survivors were allotted adequate food provisions for their basic nourishment.
The hurricane was a warning from nature.
The hurricane wiped out the whole village.
The hurricane's coming here.
The hurt got intensified with time.
The hurtful and demeaning comments directed at Antonio on the website are clear examples of cyberbullying.
The husband accommodated his plan to his wife's.
The husband accommodated his plan to his wife’s.
The husband admits he has a relationship.
The husband always has a way to have the last word: he can ask for forgiveness.
The husband and his wife drink tea.
The husband and the wife are visiting Beijing.
The husband and wife resembled one another.
The husband called his wife.
The husband is cooking for the wife.
The husband is helping his wife in the kitchen.
The husband is quite naive.
The husband of the woman Tom had been hanging out with killed him.
The husband presents a more spiritual vision of religion.
The husband wakes up his wife.
The husbandmen who ploughed those places, shrunk from the great worms abounding there.
The husband’s brother is a brother-in-law.
The hush of this peace did not last, but the memory of it remained in the life of every nation that felt it.
The hussars are Hungarian cavalrymen.
The hut is below the peak.
The hut kept the rain and dew out after a fashion.
The hut of that old trapper is not far.
The hut was set on fire.
The hut was wantonly destroyed.
The huts were built with a space of 50 meters in between.
The hyacinths' stubborn growth hampers shipping, reduces fish catches, blocks streams and invades houses.
The hydrangea blooms in June.
The hydraulic cylinder was the main problem and was changed to a new one.
The hydroelectric dam generates cheap electricity for the community.
The hyena aggressively struck Dmitri's tent with its paw.
The hyena appeared to be staring at Ziri cautiously.
The hyena approached Ziri and smelt him.
The hyena bared its teeth.
The hyena began to run down the road.
The hyena came closer.
The hyena came from behind Ziri.
The hyena came out of the cave.
The hyena charged at Ziri.
The hyena circled Ziri's tent.
The hyena completely vanished from sight.
The hyena continued to follow Ziri as he left the clearing.
The hyena continued to follow Ziri.
The hyena continued to the girls' tents.
The hyena could be heard walking around the camp for a few minutes.
The hyena could have caught up to Ziri.
The hyena cowered away.
The hyena crossed the creek.
The hyena crossed the trail.
The hyena didn't appear to be aggressive.
The hyena didn't attack Dmitri's tent.
The hyena didn't even notice Ziri.
The hyena didn't give pursuit.
The hyena disappeared into the trees.
The hyena disappeared within the trees.
The hyena followed Dmitri out of the woods.
The hyena followed Ziri into the woods.
The hyena got dangerously close.
The hyena got far away.
The hyena hasn't moved.
The hyena hasn't seen Ziri yet.
The hyena imitates the human voice.
The hyena is a carrion eater.
The hyena kept coming for Ziri.
The hyena kept looking at Dmitri.
The hyena laughs.
The hyena lost interest in Ziri and ran back into the woods.
The hyena lost interest in Ziri and returned to the woods.
The hyena made a sound like it was laughing.
The hyena might still come after Ziri.
The hyena peeked from behind a rock.
The hyena ran and it ran fast.
The hyena ran away.
The hyena ran back into the woods.
The hyena ran through the trees.
The hyena showed its teeth once again.
The hyena slowly disappeared into the shadows.
The hyena sniffed Ziri.
The hyena sniffed around the campsite.
The hyena sniffed at Ziri.
The hyena still showed no aggression.
The hyena stood inches from Fyodor.
The hyena took up refuge in the area.
The hyena turned its head away from Ziri and quickly vanished from sight.
The hyena was absolutely gone.
The hyena was attracted to the food in the garbage bag.
The hyena was badly injured.
The hyena was big and aggressive.
The hyena was circling Leonid's tent.
The hyena was circling the tent.
The hyena was coming in fast.
The hyena was coming too close to Ziri.
The hyena was following Dmitri.
The hyena was in the trees.
The hyena was just a few yards away from the fire pit.
The hyena was just staring at Ziri.
The hyena was living its life and the area was its home.
The hyena was looking for food.
The hyena was much closer to Dmitri.
The hyena was only a few feet from Ziri.
The hyena was only forty yards from me.
The hyena was only twenty feet and Ziri knew he had hit it.
The hyena was perfectly still.
The hyena was rather large.
The hyena was sniffing around.
The hyena was sniffing the ground.
The hyena was spotted on the preserve.
The hyena was staring at Ziri.
The hyena was stinky.
The hyena was taken away to a zoo.
The hyena was used to Ziri's smell.
The hyena was watching over her cubs.
The hyena wasn't scare.
The hyena went back to its home safe and sound.
The hyena will attack.
The hyena will soon be exterminated in our country.
The hyena's bark sounds like laughter.
The hyena's eyes reflected the beam of Ziri's flashlight.
The hyena's fur was dark.
The hyenas began to walk closer and closer.
The hyenas found the jackal's cubs.
The hyenas were scavenging for some leftover food.
The hyena’s bark sounds like laughter.
The hymn Abide with Me is sung before kick-off at every FA Cup Final.
The hypnotist convinced Tom that he was a squirrel.
The hypnotist made Mary cluck like a chicken.
The hypnotist made Tom cluck like a chicken.
The hypnotist made people forget their own names.
The hypnotist said, "All hypnosis is self hypnosis."
The hypnotist was able to put his subject into a trance.
The hypothesis is based on the thorough experiments.
The hypothesis of some software capable of functioning as conscience can be completely ruled out.
The hyrax is a small mammal native the desert.
The iPad 2 has around 9 millimeters of thickness.
The iPad would be a better product if it could handle Flash.
The iPad would be a perfect solution for me if it could properly display web pages with Flash content.
The iPhone 5 was released yesterday.
The iPhone 7 is a good iPhone, made by Apple.
The iPhone is an extraordinary cell phone.
The iPhone is on your desk.
The iPhone launched in 2007.
The ibis has a curved bill.
The ibis hatched.
The ibis is a protected species in Algeria.
The ibis is a wading bird.
The ibis is in my care.
The ice breaks when the water lowers.
The ice broke under him.
The ice caps are melting.
The ice contains bubbles of the air from each year. Scientists analyze the bubbles in each layer to see how much CO2 they contain.
The ice cracked but didn't break.
The ice cracked under the weight.
The ice cream I ate yesterday was delicious.
The ice cream has melted.
The ice cream is melting.
The ice cream is melting; lick it!
The ice cream machine is broken.
The ice cream melted on the sidewalk.
The ice cream melted.
The ice cream tastes like taro.
The ice cream tastes of taro.
The ice cream that I ate yesterday was delicious.
The ice cream truck!
The ice cream vendor is waiting on customers at his outdoor stand.
The ice cream was delicious.
The ice cream was melting.
The ice cream was neither good nor bad. It was just sweet.
The ice cream was so hard that they ate it with a fork and knife.
The ice cream without cream, please.
The ice cube has already melted.
The ice cube will melt in a little bit.
The ice cubes melted in my glass.
The ice felt solid to walk on.
The ice gave way under his weight.
The ice had already melted when it froze again and then melted once more.
The ice has been thinning for the past few decades. The western two thirds of the ice in the terminus of the Grand Pacific Glacier now comes from the tributary Ferris Glacier.
The ice has fossilised many prehistoric animals.
The ice has melted in the sun.
The ice has melted.
The ice in the Arctic Sea is disappearing.
The ice in the water melted.
The ice is going to break under your weight.
The ice is melting.
The ice is not thick enough to hold our weight.
The ice is quickly melting.
The ice is so slippery you can't walk on it.
The ice is so thin that it won't bear your weight.
The ice is so thin that it won’t bear your weight.
The ice is solid enough for skating.
The ice is still too thin to walk on.
The ice is thick enough to walk on.
The ice is too hard to crack.
The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
The ice is too thin to skate on.
The ice is two inches thick.
The ice is very thick.
The ice isn't thick enough to hold our weight.
The ice isn't thick enough to walk on.
The ice machine is broken.
The ice may drift considerable distances each day.
The ice melted all at once.
The ice melted in the water.
The ice melted into a puddle of water.
The ice melted.
The ice of southern Argentina is suffering from the effects of climate change.
The ice on Europa is generally hundreds of miles thick.
The ice on the lake couldn't bear his weight.
The ice on the lake couldn’t bear his weight.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The ice on the pond isn't thick enough yet for skating.
The ice sheets are melting.
The ice skater fell over.
The ice under your feet will break.
The ice was carried away by the current.
The ice was made with dirty water.
The ice was so thick as to walk on.
The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.
The ice was thick enough to walk on.
The ice was very thick.
The ice watered down the juice.
The ice will break under your weight.
The ice will crack beneath our weight.
The ice will crack under your weight.
The ice will give under your weight.
The ice-covered branch bent but did not break.
The ice-cream parlour is just round the corner. I'll nip over there and buy some ice cream for everyone.
The ice-cream parlour offers over a hundred different kinds of ice cream.
The ice-cream will melt, so I put it in the fridge.
The icebergs took the most wonderful shapes, and sparkled like diamonds.
The icebreaker has set sail for the north.
The icebreaker set sail for the north.
The icecaps are melting.
The ichthus was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
The ichthys was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
The icon had a gold aureole on both Mary and Jesus.
The iconic Le Petit Larousse French dictionary has added words like “taxier” — an Algerian expression meaning, not surprisingly, taxi driver.
The icons are beautiful.
The icy air burned her lungs.
The icy air burned his lungs.
The icy blast of wind pierced me to the marrow.
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight.
The icy slope seemed inaccessible.
The icy wind cut us to the bones.
The id wants what it wants when it wants it.
The idea came to me by chance.
The idea came to me when I was completely hammered.
The idea caught like wildfire.
The idea for National Parkways began in the early 1930s, during the Great Depression.
The idea formed in his mind.
The idea got stuck in my head.
The idea grew on him.
The idea had never occurred to Tom.
The idea had never occurred to her.
The idea had never occurred to him.
The idea has always caught my attention.
The idea is as simple as it is brilliant.
The idea is as simple as it is ingenious.
The idea is as simple as it is inspired.
The idea is gathering momentum.
The idea is good, but it's difficult to implement.
The idea is good. There is just one problem: Tom has not yet said yes.
The idea is not bad.
The idea is not in itself a bad one.
The idea is not new.
The idea is of paramount importance.
The idea is pretty simple.
The idea is simple. Players enter a room with a theme. It could be a Sherlock Holmes mystery or something like the movie series “Mission Impossible.” The door locks behind them. The players then have 60 minutes to solve a series of puzzles that will help them find a key that unlocks the door.
The idea is still in my mind.
The idea is stupid anyway.
The idea is that sharing a book with a nonjudgmental companion boosts students' confidence and helps instill a love of reading.
The idea is that you sing.
The idea is the same.
The idea is to get more fresh fruits and vegetables to communities in the city. City officials see it as a public health issue.
The idea is typical of him.
The idea is very attractive.
The idea is very interesting, but I'm worried about how we are going to implement it.
The idea isn't bad.
The idea isn't new.
The idea isn’t bad.
The idea made my soul rise.
The idea never came into my head.
The idea occurred to me that he was lying.
The idea of God would be more interesting if instead of having created humans he had found them.
The idea of an Earth Day sprouted like green grass on college campuses across the country.
The idea of being consistently happy is unrealistic.
The idea of being in a quiet place with no entertainment is extremely anxiety provoking for extroverts.
The idea of building an aircraft to fly in Titan’s thick atmosphere isn’t new, but it wasn’t until drone technology became more advanced that the Dragonfly team realized they could make their dream of flying on Titan a reality.
The idea of camping has never appealed to me.
The idea of clowns frightening people started gaining strength in the United States during the 1970s, partly because of John Wayne Gacy.
The idea of common prosperity is nothing new to the average Chinese citizen. The late Deng Xiaoping, the father of “socialism with Chinese characteristics,” announced economic reforms in 1978 with the ultimate goal of achieving common prosperity. The reforms he instituted while he was China’s supreme leader jumpstarted 40 years of rapid economic growth in China.
The idea of death has never frightened me as I know that death is the most natural part of life.
The idea of entering a sauna wearing clothes is unthinkable.
The idea of exchanging phone numbers just terrifies me.
The idea of flesh-eating plants has long captured the human imagination.
The idea of getting ammonia-powered household appliance inside my house doesn't attract me a lot.
The idea of going on a road trip with his friends filled William with excitement.
The idea of happiness is extremely abstract.
The idea of having children is revolting to me.
The idea of having his partnership dividends paid into a Dutch business established only for the purpose of receiving those funds sounded like money laundering to him.
The idea of having the chanter in stereo seems very interesting to me.
The idea of his concealment, not only agrees very ill with his reputed divinity, but associates with it something of pusillanimity.
The idea of leaving that place suddenly made her anxious.
The idea of leaving the Algerian state isn't getting any traction in Kabylie.
The idea of living in Egypt was exciting for Fadil.
The idea of losing you is unbearable.
The idea of moving Algeria's capital to Boughezoul has been in discussion for decades.
The idea of non-totalitarian communism reminds me of roasted snowballs.
The idea of normality is hard for me to comprehend.
The idea of perpetual motion is an absurd hypothesis.
The idea of seeing my mother thrills me very much.
The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him.
The idea of surprising her suddenly crossed my mind.
The idea of sustainability became a cornerstone for Seylou, which gets all of its grain fresh from local farmers.
The idea of traveling faster than light is a popular topic in science fiction.
The idea of travelling through the universe astrally has intrigued me, as well as others, for some time. The Cluster series of novels by Piers Anthony and Star Maker by Olaf Stapledon are examples of astral travelling. Do Tibetan monks travel astrally? At least for a decade or more, I have been pondering about the fragility of the human body for deep space travel. Would transhumanism at least be necessary, the technological augmentation of the human body and mind? Or, would wholly mechanical entities with artificial general intelligence, or even uploaded human minds, do the job?
The idea of two men together sexually is still seen as scandalous.
The idea of visiting a church makes me feel uncomfortable.
The idea of visiting a church makes me uncomfortable.
The idea of visiting a church weirds me out.
The idea seemed absurd at first.
The idea seems dreadful.
The idea shocked Tom.
The idea still prevails.
The idea struck me as absurd.
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by 'God' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God.
The idea that Japanese women are submissive and always obedient to their husbands is a lie.
The idea that Judaism was just a religion, not a nation, was born of a need to be accepted by European nation-states that viewed Jews as outsiders.
The idea that air has weight was surprising to the child.
The idea that eggs may pose danger to health has been spread widely by many popular websites and magazines.
The idea that he is going to make a speech is laughable.
The idea that life similar to our own could exist on other planets is fascinating to me.
The idea that life similar to our own could exist on other planets, I find fascinating.
The idea that money can buy everything is wrong.
The idea that reading makes you nearsighted has been popular for a couple of hundred years.
The idea that reading makes you short-sighted has been popular for a couple of hundred years.
The idea that sex must involve penetration is phallocentric and heterosexist.
The idea that the market is self-regulating is a myth.
The idea that the market regulates itself is a myth.
The idea that there are non-biological mothers and fathers was known even to the ancient Romans.
The idea that they are is a myth.
The idea that this country might become linguistically homogeneous is a depressing prospect.
The idea that this region might become linguistically homogeneous is a depressing prospect.
The idea they put to us fell in exactly with what we ourselves had in mind.
The idea tickled Gregson so much that he laughed until he choked.
The idea to propose computer-based training to salaried employees is maturing in businesses.
The idea underlies his theory.
The idea was a success.
The idea was accepted unanimously.
The idea was brought into shape.
The idea was excellent, but the execution was terrible.
The idea was good.
The idea was mooted in the meeting.
The idea was simple enough.
The idea was simple.
The idea was so advanced that I couldn't understand it.
The idea was so advanced that I couldn’t understand it.
The idea wasn't mine alone.
The idea wasn't only mine.
The idea worked.
The ideal lexicographer knows simply everything; unfortunately, that's impossible.
The ideal of a complete German sentence essentially tends towards silence: after the verb there is nothing more to add.
The ideal scenario is one where no one has to lose their job.
The ideal shape was the teardrop.
The ideal temperature while waiting for new growth is about 29 degrees Celsius. Once there is new growth, keep the temperature between 21 to 24 degrees Celsius.
The ideal woman for me would be well-mannered, intelligent and a polyglot.
The idealism of American bourgeois philosophers is aggressive and warlike.
The idealist does not know where he is going but he is on his way.
The ideals and idols of today's society reveal a significant vision of its intellectual horizon.
The ideals he's touting in this election go against everything I hold most dear.
The ideas are gradually taking shape.
The ideas come slowly.
The ideas for the comedy show are all boring.
The ideas of great thinkers are always warped with the passage of time.
The ideas of science fact and science fiction scare many religious people in the West.
The ideas people had in the year 1900 about the year 2000 seem very funny to us now.
The ideas were burning, pushing past one another.
The identical twin brothers died at the age of 72.
The identity is related to the place.
The identity of being a Berber is extraordinarily strong.
The identity of the boy who had been missing was verified by the clothes he was wearing.
The identity of the lost child was confirmed by her clothes.
The identity of the lost child was confirmed by his clothes.
The identity of the lost child was confirmed by its clothes.
The identity of the lost child was confirmed by their clothes.
The identity of this woman has remained a mystery.
The ideologist of nuclear devastation Bertran Rassel promises to refute (once again) materialsm with his newest ideas about the language structure.
The ideology of the Israeli state is unacceptable.
The idiosyncratic watch smith watched me from behind the window.
The idiot is amazed by his navel.
The idiots are always yelling at each other for stupid reasons.
The idol of fear will survive in this accursed realm a thousand years.
The igloo is not small.
The igloo isn't small.
The ignorant one shouts, the intelligent one forms an opinion and the wise one stays quiet.
The ignorant president tried to locate the fictitious country of Wakanda on the map.
The iguana bit Yanni.
The iguana whipped Yanni with its tail.
The iguanas of the Galapagos Islands have evolved many unique characteristics due to their isolation from mainland iguanas.
The iliacus inserts onto a tendon.
The ill-fated cruise liner has now left Australian waters, but many questions remain.
The ill-fated tunnel collapsed just months after it was opened.
The illegal Canadian occupation of Australia must end.
The illegal loggers were arrested by the police.
The illegal relic trade is a "key source" of some of that wealth, according to Lawrence Schindell who tracks art sales and money laundering in the art world and heads ARIS Title Insurance Corporation.
The illiterate man was eager to increase his vocabulary.
The illiterate of the twenty-first century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn.
The illness confined him in bed for a week.
The illness drained him of all his strength.
The illness spread fear through the entire community.
The illness spread from one family to the next.
The illness spread like wildfire through the village.
The illness spread quickly, overwhelming the hospitals.
The illness took its toll on everyone around him.
The illness was unstoppable despite their best efforts.
The illuminati, should they exist, are renowned for their nicodemously ways.
The illusion is perfect.
The illusion of Layla as a normal housewife vanished.
The illusion was perfect.
The illusion which exalts us is dearer to us than ten thousand truths.
The illustrated magazines just arrived.
The illustration shows the deep interior.
The illustration shows the depths of the earth.
The image Ziri must project is terrible.
The image and the person himself are two different things, and it's damn hard to live up to his image.
The image appeared onscreen.
The image does not match reality.
The image got a little fuzzy for a few seconds.
The image is not in focus.
The image is out of focus.
The image is very beautiful.
The image isn't in focus.
The image isn't neat enough.
The image of Beijing as a city of bicycles is rapidly fading as more Beijingers, with higher incomes than ever and a yearning for freedom to go where they want, get behind the wheel in larger numbers.
The image of a happy clown is largely an American creation. So says Benjamin Radford, who wrote a book called Bad Clowns. In other cultures, he says, the clown character is not necessarily good.
The image of his face often peeps into my thoughts.
The image of my mother is on my mind.
The image of the Japanese people remaining calm and composed even in the face of such a natural disaster left a deep impression on all people on earth.
The image of you two kissing comes back to me at the most unexpected times.
The image projected onto the retina is inverted.
The image quality is really bad - the resolution is so low.
The image quality is very bad - the resolution is too low.
The image was altered.
The image was digitally altered.
The images are encoded row by row, left to right, top to bottom.
The images are on a CD somewhere.
The images detached from every aspect of life merge into a common stream in which the unity of that life can no longer be recovered. Fragmented views of reality regroup themselves into a new unity as a separate pseudoworld that can only be looked at. The specialization of images of the world evolves into a world of autonomized images where even the deceivers are deceived. The spectacle is a concrete inversion of life, an autonomous movement of the nonliving.
The images of the day quickly follow one another.
The imam agreed to pray for Yanni.
The imam already knows that you want to convert to Islam.
The imam arrived at four.
The imam arrived.
The imam became like a dad to me.
The imam came.
The imam gave Sami a copy of the Quran for free.
The imam gave Yanni his phone number.
The imam gave me a book.
The imam gifted my wife and I with this Quran.
The imam has given me the best advice.
The imam is giving me good advice.
The imam is here.
The imam is in here.
The imam is nice to everyone.
The imam is not there.
The imam is on his way.
The imam is one of my dearest friends.
The imam is very polite.
The imam is waiting for you.
The imam knew what was going on.
The imam knows what needs to be done.
The imam leaves at four.
The imam left.
The imam looked sweet, calm, and pious.
The imam retired.
The imam seems nice.
The imam taught the Quran for free.
The imam thanked Yanni for donating four hundred dollars to the mosque.
The imam wants to talk to you.
The imam was easily in his early sixties.
The imam was giving a talk in our library.
The imam was like a big brother to me.
The imam was our role model.
The imam was reading the Quran.
The imam was reciting the Quran.
The imam was serious all the time.
The imam was so friendly to me.
The imam was speaking in Arabic.
The imam was very sweet.
The imbecile falls on his back and peels his nose.
The immediate cause of his failure was lack of study.
The immediate context, then, was that of Jerusalem, and Jerusalem as the symbol and representation of the nation.
The immediate defenestration of humanistic culture can't be a random project.
The immense costs outweigh the benefits of the project.
The immigrant came to see her children.
The immigrant came to see his children.
The immigrant confesses his crime.
The immigrant says things explicitly.
The immigrant was collecting edible plants from roadside ditch.
The immigrants dream of having a new, better life.
The immigrants entered the country in a steady flow.
The immobiliser light is on.
The immoral cannot be made moral through the use of secret law.
The immortals are few; but the mortals are many.
The immune system weakens with age.
The immunity from vaccines can wear off, which means booster vaccines might be needed.
The immunotherapeutic approach, according to Siegel, is similar to, but not a vaccine per se in the sense that it doesn’t target bacteria and viruses, just the harmful enzyme.
The impact of Emmet's theory on physics has been widely discussed, but this is not my concern in this paper.
The impact of Emmet’s theory on physics has been widely discussed, but this is not my concern in this paper.
The impact of science on society is great.
The impact of such acts can last a lifetime.
The impact of the challenging environment in the economy has greatly impacted the already troubled textile sector.
The impact of the crisis is enormous.
The impact of this experience will continue to resonate with me, shaping my perspective on life.
The impact of words can be more damaging than that of weapons.
The impacts from sea level rise and storm surge, extreme weather events, higher temperatures and heat waves, precipitation changes, Arctic warming, and other climatic conditions are affecting the reliability and capacity of the U.S. transportation system in many ways.
The impacts of global climate change are already being felt in the United States and are projected to intensify in the future—but the severity of future impacts will depend largely on actions taken to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to adapt to the changes that will occur.
The impairment cannot bring them to lose their willingness to live.
The impatient always come too late.
The impeachment processes have begun.
The impending examination loomed large in her mind.
The impenetrable grayness that dominated the plateau during the height of night is dissolving rapidly and, for the first time in five months, I can see the effects of a ceaseless winter wind on an otherwise undisturbed world.
The imperative in English is exactly like the infinitive.
The imperialism of English is a linguistic genocide.
The implementation does not meet the specified requirements.
The implementation of comprehensive reforms has bolstered Algeria's institutional frameworks, reinforcing the rule of law and safeguarding human rights.
The implementation of the new strategy will take a few weeks.
The implemented change hasn't brought any improvement.
The implication disturbed Tom.
The implication is clear.
The implication was clear.
The implication was that where there was a well, there were residents.
The implications are chilling.
The implications are clear.
The implications are frightening.
The implications of this did not at first sink in.
The implosive force caused the building to collapse.
The impolite words that pepper many Americans' speech should be seen as intensifiers; and the macro effect of their spread, as a kind of linguistic inflation.
The importance of closer cooperation in bilateral and multilateral formats in connectivity, energy, trade, investments and other areas was emphasized, and hope was expressed that our relations would expand in various directions.
The importance of drinking fresh water in the hot summer sun can't be stressed enough.
The importance of learning became clear to me only after I had left school.
The importance of music is underrated.
The importance of rhetoric in ancient education and public life is reflected in the wealth of rhetorical treatises composed by classical orators and teachers of oratory.
The importance of the Chinese market is reflected in the size and sophistication of the Shanghai auto show, where automakers are capitalizing on China's growing demand for luxury cars and SUVs.
The importance of this matter cannot be over-emphasized.
The importance of this work is twofold: it provides scientists a new avenue to investigate for fighting a disease that affects a large number of impoverished people and it brings attention to a disease that is largely ignored in developed countries.
The importance of welfare cannot be over-emphasized.
The important fishing industry was brought to a standstill by the oil spillage.
The important point concerning the complementary distribution is to specify the environment where the individual sounds occur.
The important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem.
The important points were written in bold letters.
The important thing about the Olympic Games is not to win, but to take part in them.
The important thing is for you to be there.
The important thing is not to win but to take part.
The important thing is not to win the game, but to take part in it.
The important thing is not to win, but that the other loses.
The important thing is that kinks are consensual and explored with open communication and respect.
The important thing is that they are all fine.
The important thing is that we are together.
The important thing is that we're together.
The important thing is that you're alive.
The important thing is that you're here.
The important thing is to call the police at once.
The important thing is to find your way around the night sky so that you know what you're looking at.
The important thing is to have your own hobby.
The important thing is to listen carefully.
The important thing is to never give up.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
The important thing is to participate.
The important thing is to stay focused.
The important thing is to take part, not to win.
The important thing is we are a team.
The important thing is whether Tom will like it.
The important thing is whether you do your best or not.
The important thing is you will talk with your teacher about it.
The important thing is you're here.
The important thing isn't to win, but to participate.
The important thing right now is to find Tom.
The important thing to do right now is to find Tom.
The important thing to remember is that no one is ever one hundred percent anything.
The important thing to us is a friend.
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.
The imports from Asian countries have expanded recently.
The impossible cannot have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.
The impossible has been achieved.
The impossible is often the untried.
The impossible was achieved.
The imposter was caught.
The impostor has been caught.
The impound lot was near the police station.
The impression that many German wines are sweet, and don't go well with food, is widespread.
The impression that many German wines are sweet, and don’t go well with food, is widespread.
The impression that science is over has occurred many times in various branches of human knowledge, often because of an explosion of discoveries made by a genius or a small group of men in such a short time that average minds could hardly follow and had the unconscious desire to take breath, to get used to the unexpected things that came to be revealed. Dazzled by these new truths, they could not see beyond.
The impression which we have necessarily been long in describing, Lucy felt in the glance of a moment.
The improbability of raining today is pretty high.
The improvements we've made on the assembly line could eventually lower prices.
The improvs my kids put on still leave a lot to be desired, but it's a source of fun and learning for them.
The impudent child extended her legs across my lap.
The impudent scoundrel!
The impulse was gone.
The impurities of the water were visible to the naked eye.
The inability to beat up a classmate has produced more great thinkers than all the secrets of the Universe.
The inactive child is far more inclined to live in a world of fantasy.
The inadequacies of the system have been pointed out before.
The inadequacies of the system have been pointed out for some time.
The inadequacy of my salary makes it difficult to save for emergencies or future goals.
The inaugural exhibit at the new Loyola University Museum of Art in Chicago is raising questions about art and the value of copies of art. The show features early 17th century Italian painter Caravaggio, but has none of his original paintings on display. Instead, the exhibit consists entirely of high-quality reproductions of his works.
The inauguration of the “8 November” Power Plant marks a remarkable milestone.
The incendiary words didn't help reduce the tension.
The incentives are clear.
The incidence of OCD is greatest among teens and young adults.
The incidence of people travelling on fake or stolen passports is not as rare as people would like to think.
The incident came in the wake of Al-Qaeda's admission of responsibility, in a statement published by the organization, for an attack that targeted the republican palace in the city of Al-Mukalla in southern Yemen and resulted in the deaths of 30 officers and soldiers.
The incident came up in the news.
The incident completely ruined my relationship with the math teacher.
The incident convinced Ziri not to go to that area again.
The incident didn't even make the news. Go figure!
The incident didn't have diplomatic consequences.
The incident drew Yanni and Skura closer together.
The incident earned Dan the enmity of his boss.
The incident gave a shock to the whole school.
The incident happened only a few days ago.
The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.
The incident led to deep strains in diplomatic relations with the United States.
The incident left Ziri feeling extremely shaken.
The incident left a spot on his reputation.
The incident made Ziri question many times if he should quit his job.
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.
The incident made us split up.
The incident might have been forgotten had the same thing not happened again three weeks later.
The incident occurred in international waters.
The incident occurred right in front of my eyes.
The incident occurred while Secretary of State, Powell, was visiting Japan.
The incident passed out of memory.
The incident plunged Sami into a paralyzing depression.
The incident prevented him from going to America.
The incident put a wedge between Yanni and Skura.
The incident received national media attention.
The incident shattered my sense of security, making me fearful of walking alone.
The incident shocked the Japanese, and because of it, the antinuclear movement was born.
The incident shook Boris to his soul.
The incident sowed the seeds of the war.
The incident took place at midnight.
The incident triggered a diplomatic crisis between the two nations.
The incident upset Tom.
The incident upset him.
The incident was captured on live TV.
The incident was covered up.
The incident was etched in his memory.
The incident was never brought to my notice.
The incident was quickly swept under the rug.
The incident was so poignant.
The incident was totally unreported.
The incident wasn't brought up again.
The incipient movement has a lot to prove.
The inclusion of sex education in schools is, in my opinion, a good thing.
The income from this source is tax-free.
The income tax rate increases in proportion as your salary rises.
The income tax rate increases in proportion to the salary increase.
The income tax rate is also very low, about one-third the average EU level.
The inconsistencies in his story raise doubts about the truthfulness of his statements.
The inconvenient improbability that we exist as self-conscious beings raises the ontological questions of where, when, and how did it all come into being.
The incorporation of the Kabyle dialect into a standardized Berber language in Algeria is advancing linguistic unity.
The increase in amateur stealing on the part of middle-class youth indicates a break-down in the morality of the affluent.
The increase in cases in Saudi Arabia that began last week has raised worries among health experts that the virus has mutated into a more spreadable form, which would be a danger sign.
The increase in incidents of terrorism is really unnerving.
The increase in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
The increase in population has become a serious problem in the country.
The increase in sales was the focal point of the team meeting.
The increase in support did not vaporize on polling day itself.
The increase in the efficiency of solar power drives costs down.
The increase of the population is a serious problem.
The incredible biodiversity found in India's national parks and wildlife sanctuaries is a testament to its ecological richness.
The incredible girth of a Sequoia tree is necessary to support its titanic height.
The incredible thing about it is that no one notices.
The incubation period can take up to two weeks.
The incumbent broker has 10 days to obtain a countermand letter in order to maintain the account.
The incumbent is ahead in the polls.
The incumbent's rival is taking issue with the claim that crime was reduced by 50% under the current administration.
The incumbent’s rival is taking issue with the claim that crime was reduced by 50% under the current administration.
The indecisive don't last long here.
The indefinite article is used before countable nouns.
The independence of Western Sahara would foster regional cooperation and integration by enabling the Sahrawi people to actively participate in regional organizations and initiatives.
The independent candidate took the abortion issue off his platform.
The independent pronoun can be a subject.
The indestructibility of matter is the corner-stone of modern philosophy, and the indestructibility of matter implies its eternal existence, that is, it never was created and it never will cease to exist.
The index advanced to 120.5, up 4% from the preceding month.
The index cards have to be sorted.
The index cards must be sorted.
The index cards need sorting.
The index cards need to be sorted.
The index refers to the main word.
The index rose 4% from the preceding month.
The index rose to a seasonally adjusted 120.5.
The indie coffee brand sells its roasted beans in small burlap sacks.
The indifference of Tom's obituary was saddening.
The indigenous Palestinian population is perceived as an alien population.
The indigenous community became more fractured.
The indigenous people knew nature more than he did and they killed him for his presumptuousness.
The indigenous people of the Arctic ecosystem have a deep connection to the land and its resources.
The indigenous population has the legal right to resist.
The indigenous population is being oppressed.
The indigenous population took up arms against the settlers.
The indigenous population was harassed.
The indigenous population was oppressed.
The indigenous population will resist.
The indigenous population's right to resist is legal.
The individual agrees that the charity shop will act as their agent in selling the goods.
The individual does not exist for the good of the State.
The individual is the fundamental element of a community.
The individual soul should seek for an intimate union with the soul of the universe.
The individual stars in a constellation may appear to be very close to each other, but in fact they can be separated by huge distances in space and have no real connection to each other at all.
The indoctrination runs deep.
The industrial park of the town has fungated during the last years.
The industrial production of livestock is the leading contributor to greenhouse gases.
The industrial revolution came to England first.
The industrial system is profoundly dependent on commercial television and could not exist in its present form without it.
The industrialised world is used to using water profligately.
The industrialist found a wealthy financier to help him weather the storm which was inevitable.
The industrialist of today is more powerful than the emperor of yesterday.
The industrious merchant worships his ancestors.
The industrious workers toiled tirelessly in order to meet the tight deadline.
The industry has seen many booms and busts in the past.
The industry is heavily dependent on government funding.
The industry isn't well regulated.
The industry maintains that smokeless cigarettes are not stop-smoking devices, even though many e-cig users say they almost miraculously helped them end or reduce their smoking habits.
The inefficiency is due to the bear's large body and thick legs. Because of this, bears sway from side to side when they walk.
The inertial measurement unit contains accelerometers, which—just like the accelerometers within the inclinometer—can be used to estimate the initial attitude.
The inescapable conclusion is that Senator Jackson has abandoned his constituents for corporate lobbyists.
The inexorable force of the waves crashing against the shore over millennia caused a huge section of the headland to fall into the sea.
The infamous female burglar was never caught.
The infant consumed porridge.
The infant girl climbed into her parent's bed and wedged herself between them.
The infant has been exposed to radioactive rays.
The infant has faith in his mother taking care of him.
The infant is falling asleep.
The infant is unwell.
The infantry soldier is only a pawn in the game of war.
The infantryman had the rare opportunity to break his head against a tree.
The infected are everywhere.
The infected are growing steadily in number.
The infected people will be isolated from the uninfected ones.
The infected wound filled up with pus.
The infection began to spread.
The infection has reached the bloodstream.
The infection has reached the bone.
The infection has spread quickly.
The infection is already taking effect.
The infection is spreading.
The infection will reemerge.
The infection will spread to the heart if it's not treated.
The infectious case was isolated from other patients.
The inferno has scorched the slopes of Parnitha, which includes a protected nature reserve, just north of Athens.
The infinite! No other question has ever moved so profoundly the spirit of man.
The inflation is becoming very extreme in Morocco.
The inflation issue split the party.
The inflation rate is running amok.
The influence of TV on society is great.
The influence of Western Yiddish on modern Hungarian Yiddish is unclear, but there was a Transcarpathian dialect that was midway between Western and Eastern and may have influenced Hungarian Yiddish.
The influence of Yiddish on Esperanto, both linguistically and conceptually, is clear when you place Zamenhof in his political and social context in history.
The influence of computers on chess has increased enormously.
The influence of covariates on the primary outcome variable was explored using logistic regression.
The influence of the Arabic language is quite evident in the Spanish language.
The influence of the Sahara Desert extends far beyond its borders.
The influence of the strong yen on the Japanese economy has become very serious.
The influence of this crime on society was great.
The influence science has on society is considerable.
The influence that the president's wife has on him should not be underestimated.
The influence that the president’s wife has on him should not be underestimated.
The influencer was offered a beefy sum to defend Elon Musk on Twitter.
The influx of Chinese tourists was mainly prompted by the popular Japanese animator and movie director Hayao Miyazaki, who used Civita as a backdrop for the Oscar-award winning feature film, The Enchanted City.
The influx of foreign workers has caused a serious housing problem in this area.
The informants we used consisted of twenty Americans and twenty-one British.
The information Tom gave us was enlightening.
The information contained in this guide is meant to help people find work under fair conditions and avoid exploitation.
The information counts for much to us.
The information desk is over there.
The information from our reps on the ground is extremely positive!
The information he provides is useful, but he wildly exaggerates its importance and also charges an arm and a leg for it, when it can be found in any inexpensive book on the subject.
The information is completely false.
The information is completely wrong.
The information is currently censored.
The information is flowing through thick and fast right now.
The information is in a file in my computer.
The information is leaking piecemeal to the press.
The information is posted on the noticeboard.
The information is provided in good faith, however we accept no responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
The information is provided in good faith. We accept no responsibility for its accuracy.
The information is relevant.
The information is stored in a file on my computer.
The information is useful to a great many people.
The information is very important to us.
The information leaked online.
The information may be given in cipher.
The information presented in Kelly's paper on color coordination is seen to be of use in building up an alternative theory.
The information presented in Kelly’s paper on color coordination is seen to be of use in building up an alternative theory.
The information reinforced his opinions.
The information seems to have leaked out.
The information storage capacity of DNA is many times superior to that of the most advanced silicon chips.
The information the ancients didn’t have was very voluminous.
The information was given away to the newspaper prior to the announcement.
The information was quite useless.
The information was the capping climax.
The information we may collect on you may include your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information.
The information we possess does not lead us to believe that there is any benefit to continuing these policies.
The information you are looking for is on page 3.
The information you gave me is of little use.
The informer's identity has to remain secret.
The infrared camera makes it easier to spot the iconic marsupials which scientists say could be extinct by 2050.
The infrared light used for laser communications differs from radio waves because it occurs at a much higher frequency, allowing engineers to pack more data into each transmission.
The infrastructure has improved.
The infrastructure of an application is directly related to its overall performance.
The infusion is stored in a cool place for no more than three days.
The ingenious boy won a prize for his invention.
The ingenious man received the prestigious award for the first time.
The ingredients are prepared.
The ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive.
The ingredients have to be prepared separately.
The ingredients in this product could be harmful or fatal if ingested.
The ingredients in this thermoelectric recipe include carbon nanotubes, polymers and a carbon material called graphene, which is a nanoparticle.
The ingredients needed for this recipe are a bit expensive.
The ingredients of frappé coffee are instant coffee, water, sugar and, optionally, milk.
The ingredients were prepared hastily.
The inhabitants apparently all benefited from agricultural and livestock farming.
The inhabitants are proud of their urban culture.
The inhabitants are self-sufficient.
The inhabitants built a wall round the town with four gates opening out on roads leading east, south, west and north.
The inhabitants fled the city.
The inhabitants of Afghanistan are called Afghans.
The inhabitants of a country are compatriots.
The inhabitants of the Gizeldon Valley are used to avalanches.
The inhabitants of the area of Oman have long prospered from Indian Ocean trade.
The inhabitants of the besieged city are embittered by hunger and cold.
The inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water.
The inhabitants of the island are friendly.
The inhabitants of the island are tall and strong.
The inhabitants of the village built a wooden bridge across the river.
The inhabitants rebelled against the ruler.
The inhabitants use wooden pirogues with outboard motors to navigate waterways that stretch from horizon to horizon.
The inherent difficulty of quantifying prosperity complicates the question of which countries are most prosperous.
The inhibitors broke, thus the staff had to evacuate.
The inhuman ideology of racism was widespread in the United States and Great Britain.
The init function is expected to return a non-negative value if everything is OK.
The initial capital is too high.
The initial consultation is free.
The initial cost is a hurdle.
The initial costs of moving to solar, including installing solar panels, have decreased by 90% over the past decade, often making renewable energy more affordable than using the electric grid which, in many regions, continues to be powered by burning coal.
The initial costs of moving to solar, including installing solar panels, have decreased by 90% over the past decade.
The initial enthusiasm has abated.
The initial enthusiasm has waned.
The initial excitement Tom felt quickly wore off.
The initial images puzzled scientists, as they showed stars not as single well-focused points of light, but as blurred and fuzzy.
The initial interrogation took place at a police station in Toronto.
The initial momentum has already petered out.
The initial outlay is quite high, but it's sure to pay off.
The initial report was wrong.
The initial situation has value in explaining the event.
The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
The initials USA stand for the United States of America.
The initiation ceremony is tonight.
The initiative in Berlin gives refugees and asylum seekers the opportunity to build furniture from planks of wood dismantled from the boats on which they escaped.
The initiative is punishable.
The initiative measurably improved quality of life for the villagers.
The initiative was launched under the auspices of a dedicated group of volunteers.
The injaculation method allegedly enables men to have multiple orgasms.
The injured bird fell to the ground.
The injured could be helped in time.
The injured dog was licking its wounds.
The injured man cried for help.
The injured man is now at rest.
The injured man lay in the street before the police arrived.
The injured man moaned quietly.
The injured man was a Canadian tourist.
The injured man was carried to the hospital.
The injured person wailed with pain after recovering from the anaesthesia.
The injured refused to be taken to a hospital.
The injured were carried to the hospital, and the dead to the church.
The injured were many, but the missing were few.
The injured were removed from the scene.
The injured were transported by ambulance.
The injured woman was a Brazilian tourist.
The injuries were serious but not life-threatening.
The injury caused the athlete great pain.
The injury healed faster than expect.
The injury healed quicker than expect.
The injury was healing faster than expect.
The injury was more serious than they had supposed.
The ink cartridge can be recycled.
The ink has leaked from my pen. My fingers are all green.
The ink is almost empty.
The ink is still wet.
The ink stain will not wash out.
The inky litre of blueberry juice needed something else to make it taste better, but he could not discern what that something could be.
The inky night sky had no stars.
The inland revenue’s Special Investigations unit considers all monies in the Swiss accounts to consist of undeclared income.
The inland taipan is the world's most venomous snake.
The inland taipan, a snake found in Australia, is the most venomous snake in the world.
The inmate is in a prison overnight release program; he is allowed to sleep at home on weekends.
The inmate was doing time for a burglary conviction.
The inmates always wore orange jumpsuits.
The inmates have taken over the asylum.
The inmates of the two monasteries celebrated her obsequies with all the solemnity due to their abbess and foundress, and with the recollection due to her sanctity.
The inn doesn’t provide lunch.
The inn had a pool.
The inn was no better than a log cabin.
The inner critic constantly whispers negative thoughts.
The inner planets (Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars) are closer together than the outer ones (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune).
The inner planets are closest to the sun. The outer planets are farthest away from the sun.
The inner planets, the closest to the Sun, are solid spheres of rock and include Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars.
The inner ring includes family and close friends. The middle ring consists of more casual relationships with neighbors, the barber, or people from the PTA (Parent Teacher Association), rotary club or bowling league. The outer ring might include people who are far away but share a common interest and can be easily connected to via social media or other forms of technology.
The inner surface of the table held salt, pepper, grated cheese and breadsticks, matching cruets of pale olive oil and dark vinegar.
The innkeeper grinned slyly.
The innkeeper is very nice.
The innocent look in her eyes made me melt.
The innocent victim was stabbed multiple times with a flip knife.
The input method also works with this version.
The inquest is over.
The inquest returned a verdict of accidental death.
The inquiry concerning the accident was handled by the chief of the police.
The inquiry did not conclude.
The inquiry has been cranked up a notch.
The inquiry's preliminary findings have been published.
The inquiry's recommendations were presented in a report.
The insanity of the situation made him laugh.
The inscription INRI in Latin signifies "Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews".
The inscription carved into the rock is from the sixth century B.C.
The inscription carved into the rock is from the sixth century B.C.E.
The inscription carved into the rock is from the sixth century before the Common Era.
The inscription reads: "Defend the children of the poor and punish the wrongdoer".
The insect ate the peach hollow.
The insect collectors and students who occupy themselves with the magnificent butterflies and larger moths (of which there is an enormous variety of kinds) refuse to deal with the somewhat dull-looking and almost innumerable minute moths which are classed as Micro-lepidoptera, in contrast to the Macro-lepidoptera (or big moths and butterflies).
The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago.
The insect has six legs.
The insect is not blue, it is purple.
The insect is thirsty.
The insect looked like a person.
The insect moves in a sexy way.
The insect wants to have sex.
The insect's mouth moves in a sexy way.
The insecticide promised to exterminate cockroaches.
The insects are six-legged animals, or they have three pairs of legs.
The insects of my fatherland are small.
The insecurely anchored rope cost the mountaineer his life.
The inside defects never fail to express themselves outwardly.
The inside is unpainted.
The inside of Edmundo's car was a little bit messy.
The inside of my house is cold.
The inside of the castle is very big.
The inside of the gallery shows Kahn’s great artistic sense. For example, he created a triangle-shaped walkway of steps that sits inside a rounded concrete shell. This building was very popular. Its completion represented an important step in Kahn’s professional life. He was now a famous architect.
The inside of the house is very cool.
The inside of the microwave was really, really dirty.
The inside of the venue was silent.
The insider trading scandal put a lot of people out of business.
The insight came to me one night.
The insignia on his cap indicated he was a fan of the Chicago White Sox.
The insolence of it!
The insomniac always bows to the absence of sleep.
The inspection was quite perfunctory.
The inspector apologized for the inconvenience.
The inspector arrived at the school late on Monday morning.
The inspector declared Veronica's death an open-and-shut case of suicide.
The inspector didn't believe Dan's story.
The inspector interrogated him.
The inspectors' first task would be to set up offices and reinstall remote surveillance equipment and cameras.
The inspiration for Manneken Pis was a boy named Julian from Brussels, Belgium.
The installation is complete.
The installation is now complete.
The installation of an air conditioner aggravated the situation, with the result of frequent short circuits.
The installation of the application can take some minutes.
The installed extension is not supported for this version of the browser.
The instant I open the lid an offensive smell greets my nose.
The instant I saw him I knew he was angry.
The instant I saw him, I knew he was ill.
The instant he came in, he fell down.
The instant he entered I saw by his face that he had not been successful.
The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
The instant he saw me, he ran away.
The instant he saw the policeman, he ran away.
The instant the girl saw her mother, she burst out crying.
The instigators also got what they deserved.
The instinct for survival is inherent in every living thing.
The instinct for survival is innate.
The instinct of self-defense is inherent in any animal.
The institute's director and founder, psychiatrist Joseph Loizzo, also holds a doctorate in religion and Buddhist studies.
The institution advertised on TV for volunteers.
The institution must be protected.
The institution of marriage appears to be on the decline.
The institution was established in the late 1960s.
The institution's concern for the well-being of its employees is commendable.
The instruction manual describes all the particulars of the camera.
The instructions are attached to the machine.
The instructions are in Berber, too.
The instructions are in German.
The instructions are inside.
The instructions are on the package.
The instructions are really easy to read.
The instructions aren't usually so detailed.
The instructions for this airplane model kit are next to impossible to understand.
The instructions ought to be simplified.
The instructions recommend that you only use distilled water in this iron.
The instructions should be on the side of the box.
The instructions should be simplified.
The instructions were all in Chinese.
The instructions were all in French.
The instructions were in French.
The instructions were too complicated for me to figure out.
The instructions were very complicated.
The instructions were very simple.
The instructions weren't clear.
The instructor advised me to exercise every day.
The instructor advised me to get exercise every day.
The instructor asked the swimmers to float on their stomachs.
The instructor writes on the board.
The instrument panel has a very ergonomic layout.
The instrument will research radio signals from faraway stars, black holes, and galaxies.
The instrument, known as the Solar Wind Anisotropies, or SWAN, maps the constantly outflowing solar wind in interplanetary space by focusing on a wavelength of ultraviolet light emitted by hydrogen atoms.
The instrumental case is one of the most graceful aspects of the Russian language.
The instruments now played their loudest strains; the dancers pursued their exercise with all the enthusiasm inspired by youth, mirth, and high spirits, when a cry was heard so shrill and piercing as at once to arrest the dance and the music.
The insulation shouldn't burn.
The insulin was making her fat.
The insults and threats gave way to a donnybrook.
The insurance agent called to see you this morning.
The insurance company will compensate her for the loss.
The insurance company will take care of everything.
The insurance contract isn't very clear about that.
The insurance contract isn't very clear about this.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on that matter.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on that point.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on that.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on this matter.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on this point.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on this.
The insurance covers everything here.
The insurance on his violin costs $200 a year.
The insurance payments depend on the use intended (work or leisure).
The insurance policy does not cover acts of God, such as hurricanes or earthquakes.
The insurance policy is in the glove compartment.
The insurance pool should cover those damages.
The insurance was invalid to the invalid.
The insurer will indemnify the policyholder against loss of or damage to the motor car.
The insurgency was ignored by televised media until their viewers read about it on the Internet and began to sympathize with the rebels.
The insurgency was widely condemned in state-controlled mass media outlets.
The integration of our global economy has made life better for billions of men, women and children. Over the last 25 years, the number of people living in extreme poverty has been cut from nearly 40 percent of humanity to under 10 percent. That's unprecedented. And it's not an abstraction. It means children have enough to eat; mothers don’t die in childbirth.
The intelligence analyst within the DGSI processes and cross-references strategic data from multiple sources.
The intelligence minister said they had solid evidence that the terrorists had come from a friendly country.
The intelligent baby can speak and count.
The intelligentsia is the elite of society.
The intense pain from the centipede bite kept Miroslav awake throughout the night.
The intense workout had everyone in the gym gasping for air.
The intensity of his embrace conveyed a deep connection and profound affection.
The intensity of my feelings for him only deepens the pain of this forbidden love.
The intensity of our connection in my dreams mirrors the depth of my love for you.
The intensity of your emotions shields you from seeing any shortcomings or red flags.
The intensity ought to be increased gradually. You shouldn't get ahead of yourself right away.
The intensity, frequency, and duration of North Atlantic hurricanes, as well as the frequency of the strongest (Category 4 and 5) hurricanes, have all increased since the early 1980s.
The intensive French course lasts three semesters.
The intensive course did marvels for my French.
The intensive course did wonders for my French.
The intention that he is watching a television is nonexistent.
The intention was that Tom would be our lawyer.
The intentional act of burning the Quran undermines the principles of religious freedom and mutual understanding.
The interactions are governed by rules.
The intercalation of additional months was due to the fact that the Babylonian months were lunar.
The interchange between Tom and Mary was so fast-paced that I just couldn't get a word in edgeways. In the end I gave up the attempt and just stood there, smiling.
The interconnectedness of the grid, which allows for power to be delivered to wherever it’s needed, also means that failure in one spot can cascade across the grid, blanking out huge areas in seconds.
The interdependence of thought and speech makes it clear that languages are not so much a means of expressing truth that has already been established, but a means of discovering truth that was previously unknown. Their diversity is a diversity not of sounds and signs but of ways of looking at the world.
The interest amounts to NOK 3,000 a year.
The interest on his bank account accrued over the years.
The interest rate is generally based on an index, such as the prime rate.
The interest was mutual.
The interface is very intuitive.
The interface isn't fast enough.
The interface of this website is somewhat pedestrian, but it’s simple.
The interface wasn't fast enough.
The intergalactic alliance was in danger of collapsing.
The intergalactic crew faced many challenges on their mission.
The intergalactic crew made history with their discovery.
The intergalactic journey pushed them to their limits.
The intergalactic journey was the adventure of a lifetime.
The intergalactic mission brought hope for the future.
The intergalactic mission took them farther than ever before.
The intergalactic voyage opened up new possibilities for humanity.
The intergalactic voyage was full of unexpected challenges.
The intergalactic voyage was more dangerous than they expected.
The intergalactic voyage was the start of a new era for humanity.
The intergalactic war threatened the stability of the universe.
The interior can be customized according to your desire.
The interior of Tom's house is decorated tastefully.
The interior of Wat Yanviriya, my Thai temple in Vancouver, was a spacious hall with hardwood flooring, where meditators would sit. A Buddha shrine was in front.
The interior of that barn was enormous.
The interior of the cabin was cozy and warm.
The interior of the house corresponds to its pleasant exterior.
The interior of the house creates the illusion of roominess and luxury.
The interior of the house was very attractive.
The interior was completely new.
The interminable border wars between England and Scotland came to a close.
The intern died after working for 72 hours without sleep.
The intern is lazy.
The internal angles of an octagon total 1080°.
The internal oblique muscle is located beneath the external oblique muscle in the abdominal region of the body.
The internal politics of Morocco are unique.
The international Ido-conference 2025 takes place in Potsdam.
The international aid group Doctors Without Borders prepared Sunday to deploy dozens of medical personnel and logistic experts to neighboring Cebu Island in the coming days, along with 200 tons of medical and relief items.
The international campaign "Justice for Khojaly!", launched in 2008 on the initiative of Leyla Aliyeva, Vice-President of the Heydar Aliyev Foundation, has further intensified propaganda work in this direction.
The international code for calling Italy is 39.
The international community is issuing warnings regarding the nuclear threat in Japan.
The international community is watching the situation in Sudan very closely.
The international community must address the wounds of colonization.
The international community must unite to condemn and sanction crimes of war and crimes against humanity.
The international community should prioritize the prevention of future genocidal wars.
The international community's unity is crucial in imposing sanctions for war crimes.
The international conference was to be held in February this year.
The international economic crisis has hit Algeria with full force.
The international food coloring company GNT Group has its headquarters in the Netherlands.
The international language Esperanto appeared in public at the end of 1887.
The international language Esperanto was presented to the public at the end of 1887.
The international language Interlingue was published in 1922 under the name Occidental.
The international marketing information firm JD Power and Associates has published its 2003 Vehicle Dependability Study, considered by many a benchmark for long-term vehicle quality and reliability in the auto industry.
The international order has different rules for the powerful than for the powerless.
The international proletariat must actively fight to abolish police forces.
The international situation had become so tense, it would require proficient diplomats to handle it with kid gloves.
The international situation is becoming grave.
The international space station is an amazing feat of engineering.
The international team of researchers discovered several new species previously unknown to science.
The international workgroup for promoting school instruction of Esperanto was founded in May of 2006.
The internationally bestselling author is making a personal appearance at the book fair.
The internationally known horticulturist who heads the Botanic Garden, Holly Shimizu, describes Earth as humanity's garden. And she says people have a responsibility to take care of it.
The internet and the web are almost the same thing.
The internet can either destroy you or help you grow. It depends on how you use it.
The internet can't commit crimes!
The internet connection just stops and then comes back.
The internet connects people from all over the world.
The internet has changed our lives.
The internet has changed the way we learn foreign languages.
The internet has changed the way we live.
The internet has transformed the way we communicate.
The internet in our village is very slow.
The internet is a blessing and a curse.
The internet is a fascinating place.
The internet is a great place to get mindless entertainment.
The internet is a vast resource.
The internet is a vast source of information.
The internet is a waste of time.
The internet is a wonderful source of mindless entertainment.
The internet is certainly not a fad.
The internet is full of trolls.
The internet is great for getting mindlessly entertained.
The internet is great for mindless entertainment.
The internet is not connecting.
The internet is one of mankind's greatest achievements. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to post a photo of my cat on my blog.
The internet is really slow.
The internet is such an incredible development.
The internet is wonderful.
The internet isn't working.
The internet makes it very easy to waste a lot of time.
The internet will change the world.
The internet's predecessor, the ARPANET, transmitted its first message in 1969.
The interns work in the basement and there are no windows.
The internship has reached its final week.
The interplanetary bank placed a lien on Tom's space cruiser.
The interpretation is confirmed by the immigrant.
The interpretation of this data, however, is very much in dispute.
The interpreter gives emphasis to the last answer.
The interpreter has a double role.
The interpreter has toned down Tom's coarse language considerably.
The interpreter is paid to translate.
The interpreter provides her personal interpretation.
The interpreter provides his personal interpretation.
The interpreter reformulates what has been said.
The interpreter speaks three languages.
The interpreter toned down Tom's coarse language considerably.
The interpreter tried to relay as much information and detail as possible.
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible.
The interpreter tries to provide a mitigated definition.
The interpreter was trying to relay as much information and detail as possible.
The interrogation is over.
The interrogation went on for several hours.
The interrogator expected Tom to confess.
The interrogators were yelling questions at Yanni.
The intersection where the accident happened is near here.
The interstellar journey was filled with unknown dangers.
The intertidal zone—the area between high and low tides—is a harsh and unforgiving habitat, subject to the rigors of both the sea and the land.
The interval is ten minutes.
The interval lasts for ten minutes.
The intervention was necessary.
The interview began at 10 o'clock.
The interview began at 10 o’clock.
The interview began at 2:30.
The interview is fixed for 10 a.m. tomorrow.
The interview is fixed for 10 am tomorrow.
The interview is in German and I can't understand a word of it.
The interview is scheduled for 10:00 a.m. tomorrow.
The interview is set for 10 am tomorrow.
The interview is set for 10.00 a.m. tomorrow.
The interview is set for tomorrow at ten in the morning.
The interview panel advised Tom that they would let him know whether he got the job or not.
The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.
The interview was videotaped.
The interview went great.
The interview went off so well that he got the job.
The interview went so well that he got the job.
The interview went well.
The interview will be in Berber.
The interviewer asked William a series of tough questions.
The interviewer describes the interviewees.
The interviewer identifies his interviewees.
The interviewer introduces the topic of the interview.
The intestine is very long.
The intimate moments of that affair took place in Layla's bedroom.
The intonation is monotonous and sleep-inducing.
The intradiegetic narrator lives the event himself.
The intravenous morphine made the trip to the hospital worth it.
The intricacies of a good argument can be difficult to articulate, but Carlos is a skilled debater.
The intricacies of a good joke can be hard to explain, but Carlos knows how to deliver one.
The intricacies of a successful business require a combination of hard work and creativity, which Carlos possesses.
The intricacies of a well-designed building can be hard to appreciate, but Carlos has an eye for architecture.
The intricacies of human anatomy and physiology can be extremely difficult to study, and Carlos is interested in this field.
The intricacies of human behavior can be fascinating to study, and Carlos enjoys exploring this field.
The intricacies of legal language can be confusing, but Carlos has experience in deciphering it.
The intricacies of politics can be confusing, but Carlos stays informed about current events.
The intricacies of social dynamics can be hard to navigate, but Carlos has a keen intuition in this area.
The intricacies of the Berber language can be difficult to master, but Carlos is up for the challenge.
The intricate details in Mark's centerpiece were truly impressive.
The intricate network of channels and waterways in the mangrove swamp provided a unique and fascinating ecosystem to explore.
The intricate root system of mangroves makes these forests attractive to fish and other organisms seeking food and shelter from predators.
The intro lasts forever.
The introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems.
The introduction of mandatory morning sports for teachers is a very sensible idea. Ultimately something must be done to reduce the loss of lessons due to illness.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
The introduction of the potato into Nepal doubled the population in a generation.
The introduction of video replays to sport was a surprisingly fundamental change.
The introductions are being made.
The intruder did not answer—did not even seem to hear her question. He remained literally as if turned to stone, his eyes burning cavernously in his pale face, on which the upcast light of the lantern at his feet, crossing with that of Valentine’s lamp, cast odd shadows. After a moment, moving like a man half stunned from a fall, he came a little towards her. Then he stopped again, and passed his hand over his eyes.
The intruder didn't take anything important.
The intruder escaped.
The intruder lunged at Tom with a knife.
The intruder shattered the window.
The intruder wasn't in the apartment anymore by the time police came and searched the place.
The intruder wore a ski mask.
The intruder's name was Leon Smith and he was sentenced to five years in prison.
The intruders were nowhere to be found.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honours the servant and has forgotten the gift.
The inundation of coastal towns has begun. The sea has risen to the point that a high tide and a brisk wind are now all it takes to send water pouring into streets and homes.
The invader keeps blaming the victim for the invasion.
The invalid gagged on the heavy food.
The invalid sank back upon his cushions, tired out by this long recital, while his nurse poured him out a glass of some stimulating medicine.
The invasion of Anglicisms had not yet started in 1945, a common assumption to the contrary.
The invasion of other countries is a shameful action.
The invasion of the Banu Hilal tribes in the 11th century AD led to the Arabization of most of North Africa.
The invasive European green crab is tearing down ecosystems in Newfoundland and building them up on Cape Cod.
The invasive reed Phragmites has been steadily overtaking a marsh scientists are studying.
The invention is accredited to Edison.
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
The invention of a purgatory, and of the releasing of souls therefrom, by prayers, bought of the church with money; the selling of pardons, dispensations, and indulgences, are revenue laws, without bearing that name or carrying that appearance.
The invention of electric light is accredited to Edison.
The invention of movable type in 15th century Europe revolutionized the communication of ideas. This invention made it possible to print and publish information to masses of people.
The invention of printing is the greatest event in history.
The invention of the Internet has revolutionized the world of academia for the better.
The invention of the catalytic converter drastically improved air quality.
The invention of the internet led to memes, but also to Facebook and Twitter, so all in all, I'm not sure whether it was a good development.
The invention of the mobile phone took place in the seventies, and it became accessible to all in the eighties and nineties.
The invention of the nuclear bomb means that we are capable of destroying ourselves.
The invention of the printing press was a major technological advance.
The invention of the telephone caused a revolution in our way of living.
The invention of the telephone made it possible to communicate with people far away.
The invention of the telescope in the early 1600s revolutionized astronomy.
The invention of the transistor introduced a new era.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
The invention of typography in the fifteenth century marked the beginning of a new civilization and the end of the medieval thousand years.
The invention was brought about by chance.
The invention will revolutionize our transportation.
The inventor Ferdinand Maack wanted to make chess look like a modern war, with possible attacks not only on a two-dimensional surface, but also from the air and from under the water.
The inventor is known all over the world.
The inventor of Esperanto was a Jew.
The inventors of democracy knew it to be the government of some liberticidal tyrannical oligarchs.
The inventory is full.
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.
The investigating committee is looking into the cause of the accident.
The investigation by the police brought their secret life to light.
The investigation concluded that he's blameless, and there's no evidence of any wrongdoing.
The investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong.
The investigation could take months.
The investigation could take several months.
The investigation could take weeks.
The investigation died a couple of weeks later.
The investigation has hit a dead end.
The investigation has reached a dead end.
The investigation has resulted in several arrests.
The investigation hasn't progressed even one step.
The investigation hasn't yet been completed.
The investigation hasn't yet been concluded.
The investigation included individuals who were more than thirty years old.
The investigation into the incident continues.
The investigation is complete.
The investigation is continuing.
The investigation is ongoing.
The investigation is over.
The investigation is still active.
The investigation is still ongoing.
The investigation is under way.
The investigation laid bare a corruption scandal.
The investigation led to nothing.
The investigation may take several months.
The investigation remained open.
The investigation revealed him to be a spy.
The investigation revealed that the root cause of the crash was an errant wire bridging electrical contacts.
The investigation stalled.
The investigation started to slow down.
The investigation was incomplete.
The investigation was over.
The investigation was pretty much at a stalemate.
The investigation will go on for months.
The investigation will probably bring a lot of details to light.
The investigation, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, found that women who received 2.4 grams of long-chain omega-3 supplements in the last three months of pregnancy reduced their child's risk of asthma by 31 percent.
The investigations are complete.
The investigations began last year with the confiscation of computer files belonging to a man from Magdeburg, Germany.
The investigator handed the chip over to an FBI agent.
The investigator left no stone unturned in his search for evidence. When he left the place, it was in an utter mess.
The investigator picked the chip up and examined it.
The investigator pointed a gun at Tom.
The investigator tried to figure out the intricacies of the crime.
The investigator wants to know who did what to whom where, when, and why.
The investigators came to the conclusion that no crime had been committed.
The investigators collected his DNA.
The investigators collected his blood.
The investigators collected his hair.
The investigators concluded that no crime had been committed.
The investigators conducted the first study looking at the health impact of so-called low-intensity smoking.
The investigators gathered evidence from the crash site.
The investigators have also amassed evidence that the fasting-mimicking diet reduces the risk of age-related diseases, including heart disease and cancer. It may also hold benefits for people with multiple sclerosis, said researchers.
The investigators searched Tom's car.
The investigators sent a glass and a pair of socks to be examined.
The investigators sent a glass and a pair of socks to the laboratory for examination.
The investigators took Sami's DNA.
The investigators tried to identify the presence of drugs in the glass.
The investigators tried to pin the blame on the pilot.
The investment advice we used to give just doesn't apply anymore.
The investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock.
The investment now yields him 6%.
The investments grew by 39% in relation to 2010.
The investor class underwrites a lot of unprofitable startups.
The investor stole the capital of his client.
The investors rejected the proposal.
The invisible force energizing much of this trade is a unique money transaction network, which allows the Somali diaspora to send money to family members and business partners back home.
The invitation is open.
The invitation said that I could bring a guest.
The invitation said that popcorn and soft drinks would be served.
The invitation said to bring your significant other.
The invitation said, "No gifts, please."
The invoice has a due date of August 15th.
The invoice has to be paid today.
The iodine will do you good.
The ionic compound with the formula NaCl, better known under the name of "kitchen salt", is made of chlorine anions and sodium cations.
The iris deeply associated with the Boys' Festival does not have a beautiful flower.
The iris deeply associated with the Boys’ Festival does not have a beautiful flower.
The iris gives the eye its color.
The iron broke down due to over-heating.
The iron door slowly creaked open.
The iron exploded.
The iron trade restored the prosperity of Assyria.
The iron uses a lot of electricity.
The ironic thing about my whole career is that I've been able to hang on for a lot longer than most of the people I've parodied over the years.
The irony is not lost on observers that officials are getting to the forum by air travel, a key source of climate-changing emissions, in order to discuss climate change.
The irony is so obvious it's painful.
The irony was lost on him.
The irrational conversation continued.
The irregularities in English are just boredom. They don't make the language more interesting.
The irreligious scoffed at the bishop's interpretation.
The irreligious scoffed at the bishop’s interpretation.
The irresponsible remark has sent the scene into chaos.
The irrigation system will be fixed within a week.
The is no way Taourirt Mimoun would give birth to someone who hates Algeria.
The is the best couscous I have ever tasted.
The island abounds with rivers.
The island as seen from above resembles a pear in shape.
The island closest to Italy is Sicily.
The island had some of the most beautiful beaches they had ever seen.
The island has a fine harbor.
The island has a fine harbour.
The island has a harsh arctic climate.
The island has a mild climate.
The island hasn't changed.
The island is a conservation area closed to the public.
The island is a paradise for children.
The island is a popular place to visit.
The island is a tiny piece of land in the middle of the Atlantic.
The island is about an hour from here by ferry.
The island is about two miles off the coast.
The island is covered with ice and snow during the winter.
The island is cut off far from the mainland.
The island is easy to reach by boat.
The island is mostly populated by sheep.
The island is nearly a mile across.
The island is not very big: it can be walked from one end to the other in an hour and a half.
The island is sinking.
The island is situated five kilometers off the coast.
The island is six times the size of Manhattan.
The island is swarming with mosquitoes.
The island is to the south of Japan.
The island is uninhabited.
The island is very easy to reach.
The island is warm all year.
The island isn't very big. You can walk from one end to the other in an hour and a half.
The island lies a mile off the coast.
The island lies to the west of Japan.
The island looked like a cloud from far away.
The island needs a hospital, not a bridge.
The island of Anguilla rebelled and was allowed to secede in 1971.
The island of Crete is a popular holiday destination.
The island of Ireland consists of thirty-two counties.
The island of Murano is known for glassmaking.
The island of Taiwan is an independent republic.
The island seemed dead and desolate.
The island showed black in the moonlight.
The island was a paradise with white sandy beaches.
The island was completely deserted.
The island was distant and isolated.
The island was enveloped in a thick fog.
The island was full of wildlife they had never seen before.
The island was inhabited by a fishing people.
The island was now surrounded by militia.
The island was once governed by France.
The island was restricted from the public.
The island was struck by the typhoon.
The island was therefore a sure haven for all criminals who had run from the law.
The island was uninhabited when first settled by the British in 1627.
The island was uninhabited.
The island was wonderful, but I was feeling alone there.
The island wasn't that big.
The island's economy has been dominated by three main industries.
The island's not very big. You can walk from one end to the other in an hour and a half.
The island's not very big: you can walk from one end to the other in an hour and a half.
The island's rocky ground makes farming impossible.
The island's unique flora and fauna must be protected.
The island, plagued by pollution from decades of manufacturing and dense urban development, aims to cut carbon dioxide emissions by 2020 to 2005 levels of 257 million metric tons, a 30 percent cut from projected business-as-usual levels by that year.
The islanders are asking us for help.
The islanders are being slaughtered for no apparent reason.
The islanders are enthusiastic about water sports.
The islanders are friendly.
The islanders are kind.
The islanders are nice.
The islands also are claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
The islands and atolls have few natural resources, and imports exceed exports.
The islands are rich in undeveloped mineral resources such as lead, zinc, nickel, and gold.
The islands became a republic in 1968, three years after independence.
The islands became an independent state within the British Commonwealth of Nations in 1981.
The islands continued to serve as a naval station until closed in 1993.
The islands have been connected politically to Denmark since the 14th century.
The islands have few commercially valuable mineral deposits.
The islands of Great Britain and Ireland were disputed by a crowd of princes of Saxon or Scottish origin: and, after the loss of Spain, the Christian and Gothic kingdom of Alphonso the Chaste was confined to the narrow range of the Asturian mountains.
The islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II.
The islands' sugar industry was hurt by the emancipation of the slaves in 1834.
The islet protrudes above the water.
The islet resembled a tortoise from afar.
The islet stands out above the water.
The isolation was terrible.
The isolationist policy of the US president is dangerous for the economy.
The issue divided the senators.
The issue fell between the cracks.
The issue gained attention when student protests interrupted the yearly Harvard and Yale football game.
The issue has been clarified.
The issue has to be analysed.
The issue is a prickly one.
The issue is controversial, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't have a solution.
The issue is getting solved.
The issue is in the balance.
The issue is not settled.
The issue is proceeding at a snail's pace.
The issue is quite familiar to us.
The issue is very serious.
The issue isn't settled.
The issue needed to be settled.
The issue of Third World poverty is very pressing.
The issue of radioactive waste remains unresolved.
The issue provoked heated discussion at the meeting last night.
The issue remains unresolved.
The issue seemed easy at first glance.
The issue seems much more complicated.
The issue sparked public debate.
The issue split the party.
The issue turned out to be very contentious.
The issue will be resolved; I'll see to that.
The issue with him is that he's hardly ever punctual.
The issues encountered will be epic.
The issues giving everyone pause are numerous and are largely interconnected.
The issues in ensuring equal conditions for competition in the product markets of the European Economic Community were discussed in Brest.
The issues in our community grow.
The issues listed have already been fixed.
The itching appeared several hours after a meal.
The itching appeared several hours after eating.
The itching has already reached my legs.
The item will go to the highest bidder.
The items are priced to sell.
The items may vary in price.
The items which you ordered arrived.
The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout.
The itsy-bitsy spider went up the water spout.
The ivory-billed woodpecker was once the US's largest woodpecker species but the last commonly agreed sighting was in 1944 in Louisiana.
The ivy became dehydrated.
The ivy came down.
The ivy came off easily.
The ivy climbed up the building and wrapped itself around the chimney.
The ivy continued to grow.
The ivy covered the entire area.
The ivy covered the fences.
The ivy covered the ground completely.
The ivy crawls along the window sill.
The ivy cutting is rooted.
The ivy doesn't look so attractive.
The ivy doesn't look too old.
The ivy dried out.
The ivy got huge.
The ivy got into the neighbor's yard.
The ivy got out of control.
The ivy got too dry.
The ivy grew like crazy.
The ivy grew up the tree.
The ivy has crispy leaves.
The ivy has grown really well since Ziri had it.
The ivy has grown up and spread all over the house.
The ivy has new leaves.
The ivy has roots growing here.
The ivy is at least forty feet long.
The ivy is blossoming.
The ivy is causing some problems to the trees.
The ivy is coming back.
The ivy is completely dead.
The ivy is down.
The ivy is dry. Give it a little bit of water.
The ivy is drying out.
The ivy is fine.
The ivy is flowering.
The ivy is getting bigger.
The ivy is good because it obscures those horrid cables.
The ivy is growing back.
The ivy is growing up.
The ivy is lovely.
The ivy is on the wall.
The ivy is propagating.
The ivy is receiving a lot of light.
The ivy is rooted nicely in the soil.
The ivy is sort of dried up.
The ivy is starting to get out of shape.
The ivy isn't receiving a lot of light.
The ivy keeps coming back.
The ivy left some stragglers on the trunk of the tree.
The ivy looks beautiful on the fig tree.
The ivy looks beautiful.
The ivy looks pretty.
The ivy makes Ziri's house beautiful.
The ivy needed to be controlled.
The ivy needs to be controlled.
The ivy needs water.
The ivy obscured the tree.
The ivy spread out along the wall.
The ivy sprouted a new branch.
The ivy started branching out.
The ivy started climbing.
The ivy started exploding in growth.
The ivy started growing in the flower bed by itself.
The ivy started to die.
The ivy started to expand a little too much.
The ivy started to look beautiful.
The ivy started to spread.
The ivy thrived in Ziri's garden.
The ivy took over and covered the entire garden.
The ivy took over the land.
The ivy took over the yard.
The ivy turned brown and died.
The ivy vines are already pretty thick.
The ivy vines are getting larger.
The ivy vines are getting thicker.
The ivy vines are gonna die.
The ivy vines are quite thick.
The ivy vines were attached to the pole.
The ivy was a bit boring.
The ivy was growing upwards.
The ivy was unaffected by spider mites.
The ivy was underwatered.
The ivy will start to die.
The ivy withered up and died.
The ivy worked its way towards the house.
The jabiru is a cousin of the stork.
The jack of diamonds.
The jack supports the vehicle.
The jackal always flees.
The jackal darted into the woods and we never saw her again.
The jackal darted off into the woods.
The jackal got closer and closer to the ewe.
The jackal has been roaming around.
The jackal howls.
The jackal is full of mischief.
The jackal is howling.
The jackal killed the gazelle.
The jackal meticulously chose its prey.
The jackal ran off into the woods.
The jackal snarled.
The jackal snatched the chicken.
The jackal started approaching Ziri.
The jackal was chasing hikers from the area.
The jackal was peeing next to Janos's tent.
The jackal was routing for the trash.
The jackal was rummaging through one of the trash containers.
The jackal was rummaging through the trash again.
The jackals are hunting something.
The jackals circled the gazelle, eating it.
The jackals come out after sunset.
The jackals continued to hover around.
The jackals disappeared into the forest.
The jackals formed a pack.
The jackals found the giraffe carcass.
The jackals got a successful kill.
The jackals never killed cows.
The jackals scared Ziri to death.
The jackals sounded closer.
The jackals sounded even closer.
The jackals stayed away from us.
The jackals were already charging at Ziri.
The jackals were attracted by trash.
The jackals were fighting the hyena.
The jackals were on the top of a hill, howling at the moon.
The jackals were out.
The jackals won't come into the camp.
The jacket hanging there is mine.
The jacket hangs on the back of the chair.
The jacket is big on me.
The jacket is green and brown.
The jacket is hanging on the back of the chair.
The jacket is made from breathable material.
The jacket is too tight for me.
The jacket is too wide.
The jacket kept him warm on the chilly night.
The jacket was badly burnt.
The jacket was cut too long.
The jacket's big on me.
The jacket's wearing through at the elbows.
The jacket, which I wanted, cost three hundred dollars.
The jacket, which I wanted, costed three hundred dollars.
The jackets have to be dry-cleaned.
The jade plant in the corner had been passed down through the family for generations.
The jagged edge ripped a hole in his trousers.
The jagged mountains were capped with snow.
The jaguar doesn't just know how to swim, but also dive.
The jaguar grabbed a girl's hand during a selfie at the zoo.
The jaguar hunts sloths on the ground, when they come down from the canopy to poop.
The jaguar is an expert climber.
The jaguar managed to escape the flood by climbing to the top of that tree.
The jaguarundi appears to be primarily diurnal.
The jail is overcrowded.
The jam is made from strawberries.
The jam jar's lid is jammed.
The janitor doesn't talk to anyone.
The janitor never talks to anyone.
The janitor was a perverted creep.
The janitor was closing the windows and picking stuff up.
The janitor was mopping the floor while listening to music.
The japanese fiscal year goes from the first of April to the thirty-first of March the following year.
The jar is empty.
The jar is leaking.
The jar is upside down.
The jar looked much larger on the website.
The jar was filled with sand.
The jar was smashed to bits when it hit the floor.
The jar was tightly sealed.
The jar's handle is broken.
The javelin thrower's record was 12 metres.
The jazz concert was red-hot.
The jealousy is starting to darken Tom's mind.
The jeans looked none the cleaner for having been washed.
The jeans shrank the very first time they were washed.
The jello will firm up as it chills.
The jelly was clear.
The jelly will set as it cools.
The jellyfish lives in the sea.
The jerboa eats.
The jerboa is eating.
The jerk factory called. They want their product back.
The jet lag is really starting to hit Tom.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
The jet made a whining sound as it soared overhead.
The jet pilot turned on his afterburners and flew towards the sun.
The jet plane flew away in an instant.
The jet plane had 500 passengers on board.
The jet plane landed following the instructions of the control tower.
The jet plane reached Narita an hour late.
The jet plane took off in an instant.
The jet roared during takeoff.
The jet suit has an altitude limit of 3,658 meters, easily surpassing the height of the Lake District’s—and Britain’s—highest peak of 978 meters.
The jet suit has an altitude limit of 3,658 meters.
The jets dived at their target.
The jets took off one after another.
The jetskis are for Felix and his sister.
The jetty has some slats missing.
The jewel had been stolen during the night.
The jewel is so expensive.
The jewel was found in an unlikely place.
The jewel was stolen during the night.
The jewel you stole is valuable.
The jeweled lizard is one of Europe's prettiest wall lizards.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
The jewelry store is open.
The jewels on display disappeared.
The jig is up! Come out with your hands up!
The jig is up.
The jig is up; let's face the music like men.
The jig is up; let’s face the music like men.
The jig was up when the cops found half a ton of marijuana in Yanni's studio.
The jig, reel and hornpipe are the most popular Irish dances.
The jihadists attacked the camp, putting three armored vehicles out of commission.
The jinn put Ivan in an eternal sleep.
The jinn transformed Ivan into a plastic manikin.
The job Tom has doesn't require a college degree.
The job advertisement specifically requested females.
The job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer.
The job comes with a lot of fringe benefits.
The job did not offer a contributory pension.
The job didn't pay that much at all.
The job drew out his talent.
The job earns him half a million yen every month.
The job filled every minute of her day.
The job fit Layla like a glove.
The job gave him bed, board, and 200 dollars a week to spend.
The job has already been done.
The job involves a lot of traveling.
The job is John's now.
The job is a lot of fun.
The job is almost done.
The job is almost finished.
The job is already 99% done.
The job is already half done.
The job is as good as done.
The job is as good as finished.
The job is definitely getting done.
The job is finished.
The job is getting done.
The job is half done.
The job is interesting, and then again, the pay is good.
The job is interesting, but not always easy.
The job is just about finished.
The job is not suitable for young girls.
The job is perfect for Damiano.
The job is practically done.
The job is too hard for him to perform.
The job is up for grabs now.
The job is yours if you want it.
The job isn't anywhere near done.
The job isn't close to being done.
The job isn't done yet.
The job isn't finished.
The job isn't suitable for young girls.
The job isn’t anywhere near done.
The job left Yanni utterly exhausted.
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
The job market is all about connections.
The job market is holding firm.
The job market is improving.
The job market is not saturated.
The job matched his interests perfectly.
The job must be finished by 3 p.m.
The job never ends.
The job of a driver is harder than it looks.
The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
The job of a journalist is to communicate the truth.
The job of a lawyer is to prove his client is innocent.
The job of the postman is the delivery of parcels or of letters.
The job offer still stands.
The job pays well, but it's really demanding.
The job pays well, but on the other hand I have to work twelve hours a day.
The job requires certain skills I don't have.
The job requires certain skills that I don't have.
The job requires the applicant to have passed the JLPT N2 exam.
The job that Tom has doesn't require a college degree.
The job was a great success.
The job was beyond Sami's wildest dreams.
The job was bigger than I anticipated.
The job was boring and menial.
The job was completed in one day.
The job was difficult, but Tom still wanted to do it.
The job was more than Tom could handle.
The job was really tough.
The job was so routine that it left the restless Fadil wanting more.
The job was so routine that it left the restless Sami wanting more.
The job will be completed before tomorrow.
The job will be good for Yanni.
The job will take a minimum of ten days.
The job will take only five days, if we cut corners.
The job won't take long to finish.
The job would be difficult.
The job's almost done.
The job's not done yet.
The job's not done.
The job-seeking season is starting earlier each year and it's the mass media that are causing that trend by moving up their job interview schedule.
The job-seeking season is starting earlier each year and it’s the mass media that are causing that trend by moving up their job interview schedule.
The jobless became desperate for work – any work that would help them to support their families.
The jobless rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September 2015.
The jobs report released last week by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics showed the U.S. has lost 20.5 million jobs in the one-month period ending in mid-April, a stunning figure without precedent in the country’s economic history.
The joey snuggled down into the warm kangaroo pouch of his mother.
The jogger found the body in the bushes, but it was just old gym clothes.
The joint Europe and U.S. Solar Orbiter spacecraft has made its first close approach to the Sun, getting as close as 77 million kilometers and taking the closest images of the sun ever captured.
The joint in my left elbow hurts.
The joint of my left shoulder aches.
The joint was empty.
The joint-venture between the American and Japanese companies fell through.
The joint-venture in Cambodia backfired.
The joints of the chair were loose.
The joke Tom told didn't go over well.
The joke Tom told made us all laugh.
The joke Tom told was almost funny.
The joke Tom told was hilarious.
The joke Tom told was really funny.
The joke Tom told was very funny.
The joke about the chicken crossing the road to get to the other side is an example of "anti-humor": meant to be funny because, on the surface, it is not.
The joke amused the audience.
The joke appeared not to go down well with Sarkozy.
The joke doesn't work in French.
The joke fell completely flat.
The joke fell flat.
The joke is on Tom.
The joke is on her.
The joke is on him.
The joke is on me.
The joke is on them.
The joke is on us.
The joke is on you.
The joke isn't funny.
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself.
The joke loses its humour when the clown himself laughs.
The joke that Tom told didn't go over well.
The joke was at my expense.
The joke was very inappropriate.
The joke went over his head.
The joke's on me.
The joke's on us.
The joke's on you.
The jokes that Tom makes about the land of kangaroos don't make us think that he will be a very successful comedian.
The jokes that you told us the other day weren't very funny.
The jokes were not funny.
The jokes were unoriginal.
The jokes weren't funny.
The jokes write themselves.
The jokes you told us the other day weren't very funny.
The journal article claimed that the yen would go up.
The journal contains articles on epistemology, as well.
The journal contains articles on the theory of knowledge, as well.
The journalist doesn't make it clear.
The journalist heard about the war firsthand.
The journalist interviews the politician.
The journalist is what you call a cosmopolitan.
The journalist is writing a news story.
The journalist is writing an article for the newspaper.
The journalist is writing something in his notebook.
The journalist is writing something in their notebook.
The journalist rented an apartment that is very expensive.
The journalist reported each new development in the talks.
The journalist took liberties with the facts he had gathered.
The journalist tried to relieve the tension by telling anecdotes of Hettie Potter.
The journalist twisted the words of the chairman.
The journalist visited the city library.
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue.
The journalist was accused of playing fast and loose with the facts in the editorial he wrote.
The journalist was calm even in an emergency.
The journalist was fired because he wrote the truth.
The journalist was fired for telling the truth.
The journalist was found dead after doing a high-risk report in Argentina.
The journalist was kidnapped by terrorists.
The journalist was too upset to distinguish vice from virtue.
The journalist works for the newspaper.
The journalists are already talking about it.
The journalists are questioning the minister about the new projects.
The journalists give news without confirming if it is true or false.
The journalists in Russia are not free, are not independent.
The journalists often produce long-winded pieces that take too long to get to the point.
The journalists present understood the irony in her words.
The journalists were struck with batons.
The journalists who were present understood the irony in her words.
The journalists who write for this publisher are not impartial.
The journey back was delayed because of roadworks.
The journey begins on Tuesday.
The journey from Marseille to Paris is further than that from Marseille to Lyon.
The journey greatly added to his store of knowledge.
The journey has just begun.
The journey is cheaper by bike.
The journey is free.
The journey is just beginning.
The journey is long for them.
The journey is long for you.
The journey is long. The journey is hard.
The journey is more important than the destination.
The journey is the destination.
The journey lasted 8 days.
The journey lasted eight days.
The journey lasted two hours.
The journey lasted two weeks.
The journey matters more than the destination.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The journey starts on Tuesday.
The journey that brought me here is almost unbelievable.
The journey to Algiers turned out to be just as fun as the destination.
The journey to China was strenuous, so I'm rather tired.
The journey to Mars could take several months in a spacecraft.
The journey to Tigzirt was agonizingly boring.
The journey to the campsite was breathtaking.
The journey took 8 days.
The journey took eight days.
The journey towards combating desertification is far from over.
The journey was a swift and pleasant one.
The journey was brief.
The journey was exhausting, so we were exhausted.
The journey was fraught with difficulties.
The journey was lovely, though exhausting.
The journey was tiring.
The journey, Not the destination matters...
The journey, as I recall it, was long and tedious.
The joy Ziri felt was otherworldly.
The joy and revelry on board lasted till long past midnight.
The joy of completing my project lifts my spirits despite the fatigue.
The joy of the Eid began to be felt.
The joy the soldiers felt after the triumph didn't last long.
The joy was indescribably great when Tom was released from political imprisonment.
The joy was written all over his face.
The joy we shared together still fills my heart with warmth and nostalgia.
The joyful carols and cheerful laughter fill the air, making the Christmas atmosphere truly special.
The joys are short-lived.
The joys of parents are secret, and so are their grief's and fears.
The joys of parents are secret, and so are their grief’s and fears.
The joys of the world do but little.
The judge acknowledged him the winner.
The judge admonished the litigant, saying: “When I have decided on some issue in a case that I will be judging, that means the end of discussion, not the beginning of a dispute.”
The judge asked Antonio what he wanted.
The judge asked Yanni to come clean and disclose the location of Skura's body.
The judge asked the defendant if he knew the difference between telling the truth and telling a lie.
The judge asked the jury to reach a verdict.
The judge awards his score.
The judge banged his gavel again.
The judge banged his gavel.
The judge bound the spectators to keep quiet.
The judge called for a recess of two hours.
The judge can't stop.
The judge can’t stop.
The judge charged the audience to be silent.
The judge closed the session with a strike from her gavel.
The judge concluded that the prisoner was guilty.
The judge concluded that the prisoner was innocent.
The judge condemned him to death.
The judge could've sentenced Tom to life.
The judge decided against the plaintiff.
The judge decided that he was a flight risk.
The judge declared Sami and Layla divorced.
The judge declared a mistrial.
The judge declared the accused guilty.
The judge denied me bail for no reason.
The judge denied this request.
The judge disposed of the case in short order.
The judge fined Tom three thousand dollars.
The judge fined him five dollars.
The judge found Scopes guilty of breaking the law.
The judge found the evidence of his guilt insubstantial.
The judge gave Tom 30 years.
The judge gave the woman a three year sentence.
The judge gives his score.
The judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor.
The judge hasn't ruled on that yet.
The judge hasn't yet ruled on that.
The judge held both of us in contempt.
The judge in the case was not fair.
The judge is awarding his score.
The judge is dejected.
The judge is expected to give a decision today on the case.
The judge is giving his score.
The judge is ready to pass sentence.
The judge is unfair.
The judge isn't convinced at all.
The judge kicked him out of the party.
The judge laughed in spite of himself.
The judge listened to him with great patience. A kind look shone in his eyes. He became very much interested in the story; he felt moved; he almost wept.
The judge made no bones about his disgust with the accused's actions and handed down the severest sentence possible.
The judge made no bones about his disgust with the accused’s actions and handed down the severest sentence possible.
The judge ordered that Tom's entire testimony be stricken from the record.
The judge ordered that he be released.
The judge overruled the objection.
The judge pardoned him.
The judge pardoned the prisoner a year of his sentence.
The judge pounded the table with his gavel.
The judge pronounced him "guilty", and now he must face the music of a sentence in prison.
The judge questioned me.
The judge raised his hand to shush Tom.
The judge read aloud the ruling.
The judge read out the ruling.
The judge read the verdict.
The judge recused himself from the case because of a conflict of interest.
The judge recused himself from the case.
The judge refused the appeal.
The judge reversed the final decision.
The judge ruled Tom's confession inadmissible.
The judge ruled in Tom's favor.
The judge ruled in her favor.
The judge said he had never seen such an amicable and mutually agreed divorce.
The judge said that the case was outside of his jurisdiction.
The judge said that the defendant will remain in jail until he finds the money to pay all his fines.
The judge sent the thief to jail.
The judge sentenced Miroslav to forty hours of community service.
The judge sentenced Tom to death.
The judge sentenced Tom to life in prison.
The judge sentenced Tom to six months in jail.
The judge sentenced Tom to three months in jail.
The judge sentenced Tom to three years imprisonment.
The judge sentenced Tom to three years in prison.
The judge sentenced him to a fine.
The judge sentenced him to a jail term of five years.
The judge sentenced him to a year in prison.
The judge sentenced him to one year in prison.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
The judge sentenced him to one year’s imprisonment.
The judge sentenced me to writing this sentence.
The judge sighed as she handed down the sentence.
The judge signed the arrest warrant.
The judge started to read the sentence.
The judge sustained the lawyer's objections.
The judge sustained the objection.
The judge thought that the witness's evidence was disingenuous and unconvincing.
The judge threw him out of the party.
The judge threw out Tom's confession.
The judge threw the book at Tom.
The judge threw the book at the criminal.
The judge told the jury not to discuss the case.
The judge took into consideration the fact that it was his first offense.
The judge warned Tom he would throw the book at him if he committed another offense.
The judge was exhausted from the nervous strain.
The judge was forced to slam her gavel down multiple times in order to restore order to the court.
The judge was grave and forbidding.
The judge was inclined to agree with Dmitri.
The judge was stabbed to death by a male prostitute.
The judge would be more than happy to throw Janos behind bars.
The judge wouldn't let us call witnesses.
The judge's decision caused an uproar.
The judge's decision is final.
The judge's decision shocked everyone.
The judge, though a stickler for the dignity of the bench, was a great pipe smoker and allowed the attorneys the privilege of smoking in court.
The judgement is very fair to both parties.
The judgement was against him.
The judgement was impeccable.
The judgement went against him.
The judgement went against the government.
The judgements a person makes about others allow conclusions to be drawn about that person's own character.
The judges could see no clear winner in the match and decided to declare it a draw.
The judges failed Ziri.
The judges haven't yet picked the best book.
The judges made a decision.
The judges stood to announce the winner.
The judges were bribed.
The judges were skeptical about Fyodor’s talent.
The judges' decision is final and no further correspondence will be entered into.
The judges' scores were mostly positive.
The judge’s decision is final.
The judgment has been appealed.
The judgment is being appealed.
The judgment isn't entirely fair.
The judicial system is slow and complicated.
The judiciary should not become merely an extension of the legislative branch.
The jug slipped from Ziri's hand and fell to the floor.
The jug was very heavy.
The juggler tossed a flaming baton to his partner.
The juggler was a mean and vicious liar.
The juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air.
The jugular vein is located on the side of your neck.
The juice boxes are for the children.
The juice concentrate had a musky smell.
The juice concentrate has a really strong flavor.
The juice concentrate has a strange color.
The juice concentrate has such a deep color.
The juice is a delicacy.
The juice isn't worth the squeeze.
The juice made a nice splosh as it splashed against the jug.
The juice tastes weird.
The juice was delicious.
The juice you drank was not cold enough.
The juiciness of Adriano's steak is unbeatable.
The jumbo jet touched down thundering.
The jump fell short.
The jumper has long arms.
The junction box allows you to store the camera's pigtail inside of it.
The jungle canopy was so thick that it blocked out most of the sunlight.
The jungle floor was covered in a thick layer of rotting leaves and debris.
The jungle is teeming with life, from colorful birds to dangerous predators.
The jungle surrounds the large temple complex.
The jungle was a cacophony of colors, from the bright green leaves to the vividly colored birds.
The jungle was alive with the sounds of insects buzzing and birds singing.
The jungle was dense and thick.
The jungle was home to many indigenous tribes, who had lived there for generations.
The jungle was so humid that our clothes were drenched in sweat within minutes.
The jungle was so vast that it seemed like it could go on forever.
The juniper was only a short distance from Ziri.
The junk food trend has certainly come to Vietnam already, but now there’s an even newer trend in the country, and it’s the definition of irony: more Vietnamese citizens are looking for food products that are healthful — only to end up with products that are anything but that.
The jurisprudence on abortion is currently split in the United States, between those states that are trying to ban it and those states that are seeking to expand access.
The jurors came into the courtroom.
The jurors deliberated for three days.
The jurors didn't buy Tom's story.
The jury acquitted Sami of all charges.
The jury acquitted Tom of all charges.
The jury acquitted him of the crime.
The jury began deliberating Monday.
The jury began deliberating on Monday.
The jury believed Sami.
The jury believed Tom.
The jury brought in a verdict of guilty.
The jury deliberated for three days.
The jury didn't believe Sami.
The jury didn't believe Tom.
The jury didn't buy Dan's story.
The jury didn't buy Tom's story.
The jury didn't buy Ziri's story of self-defense.
The jury doesn't believe Sami.
The jury finally came back with a verdict.
The jury found Sami guilty of murder.
The jury found Sami guilty.
The jury found Tom guilty of first degree murder.
The jury found Tom guilty of murder.
The jury found Tom guilty.
The jury found Tom not guilty.
The jury found that Samsung had infringed upon Apple's patents.
The jury found the defendant guilty.
The jury found the man guilty of murder.
The jury had three options.
The jury has acquitted the accused due to lack of evidence.
The jury has agreed upon a verdict.
The jury has reached a verdict.
The jury has returned a verdict of guilty.
The jury hasn't reached a verdict yet.
The jury hasn't yet made a decision.
The jury in the Depp-Heard case was improper, having been given full access to the Internet, and its decision had no basis in law.
The jury in the venue-shopped Virginia court that ruled in favor of Johnny Depp was not sequestered; they had full access to the Internet and other media.
The jury is back.
The jury is deliberating.
The jury is hung.
The jury is now deliberating.
The jury is still out.
The jury is taking their time.
The jury looked shocked.
The jury looked tired, with the exception of one especially alert little man who drank in even the most uninteresting details with avidity.
The jury rejected Yanni's insanity plea.
The jury rendered the verdict.
The jury rose and left the courtroom.
The jury said Tom was guilty.
The jury showed no mercy.
The jury took their time and examined all of the evidence.
The jury usually consists of 12 members.
The jury was impartial.
The jury was sequestered.
The jury was swayed by Yanni's testimony.
The jury were asked to allow for the age of the accused.
The jury were sent out to deliberate on April 4, 2004.
The jury's guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
The jury's still out on this.
The jury's still out regarding the health effects posed by cell phone use.
The jury’s guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
The just alone are happy.
The justice system is not infallible; mistakes happen.
The justification is worse than the act.
The justifications for some wars are sheer absurdity.
The juvenile crimes are increasing recently.
The kangaroo hopped noisily.
The kangaroo is a symbol of Austria, isn't it?
The kangaroo jumps very high.
The kangaroo mouse lives in the Nevada desert.
The kangaroo tried to drown Adriano's German Shepherd.
The kanji in "busy" is written as "the heart has died".
The karaoke shop is especially crowded on Saturdays.
The kayak came to an abrupt stop.
The kayak struck a tree.
The keenest pleasure is derived from learning.
The keeper had the shot covered as the ball sailed wide of the post.
The keeper hasn't had a save to make.
The keeper hasn't had to make a save yet.
The keeper made a fantastic reflex save.
The keeper made a fantastic save.
The keeper today was different class.
The keeper was class today.
The keffiyeh has become an international symbol of resistance.
The keffiyeh is an international symbol of resistance.
The kefir had already gone bad.
The keg is downstairs.
The kennel is new.
The kennel was stagnant and filthy. The very rats, which here and there lay putrefying in its rottenness, were hideous with famine.
The kerfuffle at the post office put her out of sorts for the rest of the afternoon.
The kernel of a group homomorphism always contains the neutral element.
The kernel of the morphism of groups always contains the neutral element.
The ketchup bottle exploded all over Tom's hamburger. He sighed. Another drive-by-shooting.
The ketogenic diet appears to be a very effective treatment for epilepsy.
The kettle broke.
The kettle is boiling.
The kettle is full.
The kettle is on the table.
The kettle is steaming.
The kettle is whistling on the hob.
The kettle is whistling on the stove.
The kettle isn't boiling yet.
The kettle must be boiling.
The kettle started to whistle.
The kettle started whistling.
The kettle stopped working properly because of the scale buildup.
The kettle whistled on the stove.
The key broke off in the lock.
The key can be collected from reception.
The key can be picked up at reception.
The key combination ctrl-Z reverts your changes.
The key combination ctrl-Z undoes your changes.
The key components are an electric motor driving a rack and pinion at each wheel, accelerometers and a computerized control system.
The key couldn't be found anywhere.
The key determinants in impact are not the number of authors or articles in the field but, rather the citation density and the age of the literature cited.
The key discovery, researchers said, is how closely this natural filtering ability is linked to a person’s IQ score.
The key doesn't lock the door correctly.
The key doesn't open the door.
The key doesn't open the lock.
The key doesn't open this lock.
The key factor of an open door policy is that employees should feel free to approach their boss about any issue that concerns them.
The key has to be here somewhere.
The key here is visual comprehension.
The key is experimentation.
The key is hidden under the doormat. Just let yourself in.
The key is in my bag.
The key is in my pocket.
The key is in the door.
The key is nowhere to be found.
The key is on the desk.
The key is on the table.
The key is preparation.
The key is stuck in the lock.
The key is stuck.
The key is that Asuka abuses Shinji. So, rarely, Shinji flips and assaults Asuka. Then Asuka is surprisingly meek.
The key is the symbol of St. Peter.
The key is to keep busy.
The key is to keep going.
The key is to maintain mutual respect.
The key is to not get distracted.
The key is under the mat.
The key isn't where it's supposed to be.
The key isn't working.
The key of the symphony is G minor.
The key opened all the doors in the apartment.
The key question is not what can I gain but what do I have to lose.
The key reason why Pluto is no longer considered a planet is that it is one among thousands to millions of other objects orbiting within the Kuiper Belt region. Also, the icy dwarf planet is not massive enough to clear debris from its orbit.
The key to a situation often is in the neighbor's door.
The key to a situation often is in the neighbor’s door.
The key to a woman's heart? What are you on about? You should just do her!
The key to cooking good food is using high-quality, fresh ingredients.
The key to everything is within us.
The key to happiness is in our hearts.
The key to learning a foreign language is repetition.
The key to my apartment is on the keyring.
The key to producing correct sentences is remembering correct examples.
The key to raising every soldier into a great warrior is in strengthening training.
The key to sexual attraction may be pheromones—airborne chemicals secreted from the body that are known to alter behavior.
The key to success is to always stay ahead of the competition.
The key to the garage is gone.
The key to the so-called mastery of any language is bringing the words and grammar to life through context.
The key to the solution is made of bronze.
The key to your happiness lies within you, not outside.
The key was hidden under a nondescript stone.
The key was in the lock.
The key was left in the room.
The key was nowhere to be found.
The key was so rusty that they couldn't use it anymore.
The key was stolen and Donald immediately thought of Jessica.
The key was under the couch.
The key was under the sofa.
The key word is equality.
The key words are defined in the book's glossary.
The key's been lost for ages.
The key's not where it's meant to be.
The key's not where it's supposed to be.
The keyboard doesn't work.
The keyboard had missing keys.
The keyboard is backlit.
The keyboard is filthy.
The keyboard needs replacing.
The keyboard stopped working.
The keyboard's stopped working.
The keys are in the ignition.
The keys are in the wardrobe.
The keys are not on the table.
The keys are on my desk.
The keys are on my table.
The keys are on the dresser next to my hat.
The keys are on the table.
The keys aren't on the table where I left them.
The keys aren't on the table.
The keys of the piano are yellow due to age.
The keys to the garage are gone.
The keys were in my bag.
The keys were under the couch.
The keys were under the sofa.
The keys, please.
The kibbeh comes stuffed with cheese.
The kibbutz is a kind of commune.
The kibbutz is a sort of commune.
The kick of the rifle can break your shoulder.
The kicking stopped.
The kid already speaks pretty well.
The kid did a job on my dictionary.
The kid didn't eat much.
The kid doesn't look like a thief, does he?
The kid drew back from the frog when it moved.
The kid fell from the bed.
The kid finally decided to stay with me for the weekend.
The kid got hurt.
The kid has a blue pencil in one hand, and a green one in the other.
The kid has a keen sense of hearing.
The kid has a lot of mangas.
The kid has already gone to bed.
The kid has amazing luck. He guessed all the lottery numbers right and took the prize by himself.
The kid is a pain in the neck.
The kid is big.
The kid is clanging away with his toy.
The kid is crying.
The kid is drinking the milk.
The kid is flicking through a picture book.
The kid is in bed.
The kid is my child.
The kid is old enough to go to school.
The kid is peeing.
The kid is playing on the lawn.
The kid is still sleeping.
The kid is temperamental.
The kid is the offspring of the goat.
The kid is watching some lustful Miley Cyrus video.
The kid kept all of his coins in a piggy bank.
The kid kept all of his money in a piggy bank.
The kid kept belting away.
The kid kind of looks like me when I was his age.
The kid lies in bed when it's nap time.
The kid lies on his bed when it's time for a nap.
The kid looks blank.
The kid needs you.
The kid picked up a little stone.
The kid rocked.
The kid sat very still.
The kid shouted as he begged for help.
The kid stumbled and fell to his knees.
The kid threw a stone at the cat.
The kid vomited.
The kid was pretty good.
The kid watched her mother cook.
The kid's learning to talk.
The kidnapper opened the door and accidentally freed Ziri.
The kidnapper told me he'd kill Tom if I didn't show up alone.
The kidnappers allowed me to take a bath.
The kidnappers blindfolded Tom.
The kidnappers blindfolded her.
The kidnappers blindfolded him.
The kidnappers blindfolded me.
The kidnappers blindfolded them.
The kidnappers blindfolded us.
The kidnappers cut the governor's throat as they evaded security forces.
The kidnappers gagged Mary and locked her up in a closet.
The kidnappers gagged Mary and locked her up in the closet.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and Mary and locked them up in a closet.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and Mary and locked them up in the closet.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and locked him up in a closet.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and locked him up in the closet.
The kidnappers gagged Tom.
The kidnappers gagged the hostage.
The kidnappers have not been found.
The kidnappers held Tom for ransom.
The kidnappers may be armed and dangerous.
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.
The kidnappers tied Tom's hands behind his back.
The kidnappers tied my hands behind my back.
The kidnappers want $300,000 in small bills.
The kidnappers wanted Tom to blow up that building.
The kidnappers were convicted and executed.
The kidnappers whisked Tom into a van and quickly drove away.
The kidnapping scenario didn't make any sense.
The kidneys filter blood in the body.
The kids always look forward to the county fair because they can pig out on scrapple sandwiches there.
The kids always made fun of her.
The kids and I live in Boston.
The kids answered Gabor's questions eagerly.
The kids are all excited.
The kids are all fired up.
The kids are already here.
The kids are asleep.
The kids are at Granny's.
The kids are at Nan's.
The kids are at school.
The kids are at their nan's.
The kids are big.
The kids are calling for their mother.
The kids are cleaning their bikes.
The kids are coming back from school.
The kids are coming from school.
The kids are disappointed.
The kids are driving me crazy.
The kids are eating couscous.
The kids are excited to see you.
The kids are excited.
The kids are fighting again.
The kids are fighting.
The kids are finally asleep.
The kids are getting scared.
The kids are growing up really fast.
The kids are happy because there's a fresh covering of snow.
The kids are having fun on the merry-go-round.
The kids are having fun.
The kids are hungry.
The kids are impressed.
The kids are in bed.
The kids are in the attic.
The kids are looking forward to seeing you again.
The kids are making too much noise.
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.
The kids are playing Duck Hunt.
The kids are playing dodgeball.
The kids are playing in the park.
The kids are playing outside.
The kids are pulling their sledge up the hill.
The kids are really scared.
The kids are running wild.
The kids are scared.
The kids are sleeping.
The kids are sleepy.
The kids are so happy that I almost want to leave them here.
The kids are still arguing about who's getting the last piece of cake.
The kids are still arguing over the last piece of cake.
The kids are still awake.
The kids are still too short to reach the top shelf.
The kids are tired and don't want to read and write. They want to play.
The kids are up to something.
The kids are usually rewarded with small pieces of packaged candy.
The kids are visitors.
The kids aren't in school today.
The kids aren't playing in the living room but rather in the garden.
The kids asked Ziri for sweets and he reacted lovingly.
The kids ate the couscous.
The kids ate ube bread.
The kids behaved very badly.
The kids can't imagine that Granny was young once.
The kids can't imagine that Nan was young once.
The kids catch butterflies.
The kids climbed over the fence.
The kids did many activities around the camp.
The kids didn't see anything.
The kids died from disease.
The kids died without any justice.
The kids dig in the sand.
The kids each got five apples.
The kids enjoyed Gabor's lessons.
The kids fought with each other, so the parents had to intervene.
The kids got dirt on their t-shirts while playing.
The kids got noisy again.
The kids grew so much.
The kids have had enough of your rules.
The kids have homework.
The kids have not slept yet.
The kids have to find several eggs hidden in the garden.
The kids here tend a variety of plots, such as the Pizza Garden, where they grow garlic, basil, tomatoes and other ingredients for pizza.
The kids jumped on the trampoline.
The kids jumped out of the car and started running.
The kids knew how to navigate through dense vegetation.
The kids laughed and played outside all day long.
The kids learnt how to climb up steep hillsides to find better grazing.
The kids left the house with their father.
The kids like it.
The kids like to roughhouse with each other.
The kids listened to Gabor attentively.
The kids look confused.
The kids love it on Halloween.
The kids love it when you tell them stories.
The kids love it.
The kids love playing with Tom.
The kids love stories.
The kids love to pile up their toys in the corner of the room.
The kids loved Gabor's class.
The kids loved Gabor's treehouse.
The kids made a beeline for the TV.
The kids need your help in the classroom.
The kids nodded obediently.
The kids over there are Tom's kids.
The kids piled into the back of the car, and Mum threw a blanket in behind them before racing round to the front, jumping in and starting the engine as the sea, breaching the embankment, surged down the street towards them.
The kids play in the park.
The kids played football in the park.
The kids played with their grandparents.
The kids practiced speaking Berber with Gabor.
The kids ran into the room.
The kids ran toward the playground.
The kids rebelled against Tom's authoritarian teaching methods.
The kids recognized the call of their mothers and responded accordingly.
The kids sat at a separate table.
The kids scrambled to collect Easter eggs.
The kids shouldn't see their father like this.
The kids showed great enthusiasm.
The kids spent a long time condensing the snow into a big snowball.
The kids stand on their heads every day.
The kids stared in awe at the observed fire, mesmerized by the flames.
The kids started crying.
The kids started to cry.
The kids suddenly became quiet.
The kids suddenly become quiet.
The kids thanked Gabor warmly.
The kids that got lost were found.
The kids that had been so lively when they were awake are now silently sleeping soundly.
The kids to stay close to their mothers to stay safe.
The kids traded baseball cards.
The kids urged their father to leave quickly.
The kids walk from school.
The kids want some fruit juice.
The kids want some ice cream.
The kids want to play a game with you.
The kids want to play.
The kids wanted to play hide-and-seek in the woods.
The kids wanted to play.
The kids went out to school.
The kids went to sleep.
The kids were absorbed in the splendid fireworks.
The kids were all asleep.
The kids were alone.
The kids were excited about the arrival of the circus.
The kids were gone when I got home.
The kids were happy.
The kids were mostly black.
The kids were not allowed to hang out there usually.
The kids were on their best behavior.
The kids were playing hide and seek.
The kids were playing in the pool.
The kids were playing in the schoolyard.
The kids were playing outside.
The kids were playing with the ewe and her lambs.
The kids were pushing and shoving each other.
The kids were really quiet.
The kids were riding on the water slide.
The kids were scared.
The kids were screaming and bouncing everywhere.
The kids were taken to different attractions in Algiers.
The kids weren't bad today.
The kids weren't impressed.
The kids who live right by my house were playing this awful music until past midnight, when I finally had to call the police so they would tell them to turn the volume down.
The kids will be happy to see you.
The kids will go to school soon.
The kids will have fun there.
The kids will love this video.
The kids with special needs are very lonely, especially in a world without accessibility.
The kids won't listen to me. I think it's up to you to lay down the law.
The kids would ring the doorbell and run off.
The kids' club was eerily quiet and empty.
The kids' dolls are in the bathroom.
The kids, one by one, came running out of the woods, saying that they had seen a bear.
The kids, who were exhausted, fell asleep right away.
The killer confessed his terrible act.
The killer could have been stopped.
The killer could've been stopped.
The killer cucumber is sexist.
The killer died along with his victim.
The killer has everything covered.
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim, and we still have no lead on his identity.
The killer has never been found.
The killer is among us.
The killer is still at large.
The killer of the gazelles has been confirmed to be a leopard.
The killer remained at large for weeks.
The killer vanished without a trace.
The killer was apprehended.
The killer was found.
The killer was known for tearing out his victims' innards.
The killer was never caught.
The killer was sentenced to life in prison.
The killer was waiting for her: he had followed her, knowing that she was going home.
The killer whale killed three people, two of which were his trainers.
The killer whale's dorsal fin looks good.
The killer's behind bars.
The killer's identity is still unknown.
The killer's name is Tom Jackson.
The killers are running away!
The killers stole up on him.
The killing of the innocent villagers was ordered by the evil dictator.
The killing of women and children runs contrary to Islam.
The kiln must reach 1400 degree centigrade in order to melt glass.
The kilt is not a skirt.
The kind of information that we need isn't always available.
The kind of information we need isn't always available.
The kind of jokes you tell are very similar to the kind Tom tells.
The kind of music one listens to is a matter of preference.
The kind of things I like are lychee and mango.
The kind-hearted queen could not refuse her.
The kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park.
The kindergarten is full of kids.
The kindergarten yard is shaded.
The kinds of storms we get here normally don't cause much damage.
The kinds of words you use can influence others' perceptions of you.
The kine was very chaotic and they all died.
The king abdicated for health issues.
The king abdicated last year.
The king abdicated without designating an heir.
The king abused his power.
The king addressed the court with solemn authority.
The king always wears a crown.
The king and his family live in the royal palace.
The king and queen are coming.
The king and queen embraced each other, and she told him the whole story.
The king and the queen had no crowns.
The king being angry with his servants, commanded me and the chief baker to be cast into the prison of the captain of the soldiers, where in one night both of us dreamed a dream foreboding things to come.
The king being in good health, his physician was able to take a few days' rest.
The king believed it would be more fitting to levy a tax that was lower than usual.
The king bequeathed his legendary sword to Boris.
The king came.
The king can move on any number of squares.
The king can only move one square.
The king cobra is a deadly snake.
The king created him a peer.
The king crushed his enemies.
The king deemed it more righteous to impose a tax that was unduly low.
The king did not see the end of the monarchy coming.
The king didn't abdicate.
The king dined in the great hall.
The king doesn't like hypocrites.
The king exacted taxes from his people.
The king exchanged his baby, a beautiful boy, for the daughter of a peasant, and the prince lived roughly as the son of poor people, while the little girl slept in a golden cradle, under silken sheets.
The king executed his mistress.
The king explained to the being, that only through many years and many mistakes was he able to master such a test. The king faced such adversity his entire life and was underestimated in many a strife. See that is the king's most valuable weapon and allowed the element of surprise and such violence of action to defeat the vile creatures that lurked and hid like cowards.
The king gave his fiancée a chateau as a statement of his love.
The king gave the princess a castle as for her birthday.
The king got undressed.
The king governed the country.
The king granted freedom to the prisoners.
The king had a long and prosperous reign.
The king had a son with his wife.
The king had a weird blue crown!
The king had an inclination to melancholy and boredom.
The king had clearly overstepped his constitutional role.
The king had fifteen thousand horsemen at his command.
The king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment.
The king had headaches, and his doctors thought bathing would help cure the condition.
The king had headaches, and his doctors thought bathing would help cure the condition. It did not, and he never bathed again.
The king had numerous illegitimate children with her.
The king had only one child, and that was a daughter, so he foresaw that she must be provided with a husband who would be fit to be king after him.
The king had the old castle pulled down so that a new one could be built in its stead.
The king had three daughters.
The king had to abdicate.
The king has come.
The king has reigned over the country for many years.
The king held a feast in the great hall.
The king held a masquerade ball in the grand ballroom.
The king himself was standing before us.
The king himself was there.
The king hopes and believes that the love that his people show to him will last forever.
The king imposed heavy taxes on his people.
The king imposed heavy taxes on his subjects.
The king imposed heavy taxes on the people.
The king inspires awe.
The king invited everyone to a party.
The king is afraid of a rebellion.
The king is blackmailable, so he's weak.
The king is coming.
The king is cruel.
The king is currently staying in Leiden.
The king is dead, long live the king!
The king is dead. Long live the king!
The king is fat.
The king is ill.
The king is known to have a confidante in his inner circle, but no one knows who it is.
The king is my brother.
The king is naked!
The king is naked.
The king is strongest in the endgame, when there are only a few pieces left and it can help checkmate the opponent or win pieces.
The king is the best.
The king is vulnerable to blackmail, so he's weak.
The king labelled the books as godless and ordered that they be burnt.
The king left a large fortune behind.
The king lived in an old castle.
The king lives in the castle.
The king lives inside a large castle.
The king lives inside his castle.
The king longed to go out into the world, to try his strength in battle against some enemy and to win all kinds of honour and glory.
The king lost weight after asking his chefs to add gold dust to his meals.
The king loves his son.
The king made appropriate adjustments for the vile being. The king knew the being's childlike mind would continue to lure him in. The vile being had a taste for that which he could not have and it clouded his sense of reality. He never saw it coming until it was too late. The fear and anger in the vile being's eyes was matched by the king's discrete nodding.
The king mounted his horse, and, taking his worthless daughter behind him, set off at a gallop, the incoming flood seething and boiling at his steed’s fetlocks.
The king must abdicate.
The king must die.
The king must issue a new decree on the construction of new buildings.
The king needs a legitimate heir.
The king never leaves his castle.
The king now thought a great difficulty was at hand.
The king now understood that this was done to mock him.
The king of Egypt said to them: Why do you Moses and Aaron draw off the people from their works? Get you gone to your burdens.
The king of Morocco believes in his divine right to lead.
The king of Sweden's only son is married to one of Herbert's daughters.
The king of this country isn't a person, but a divine beast with three pairs of wings said to be in far away in the sky.
The king of this country isn’t a person, but a divine beast with three pairs of wings said to be in far away in the sky.
The king once lived in that palace.
The king oppressed his people.
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
The king ordered that the town should be fortified as well as possible.
The king ordered the construction of a new wing to the castle.
The king ordered the prisoner should be set free.
The king overturned the death sentence of a woman condemned for driving.
The king pretended everything was normal.
The king protested.
The king reigned over his people for forty years.
The king reigned over the island.
The king reigns, but he doesn't control things.
The king ruled his kingdom justly.
The king ruled on the island.
The king ruled over the island.
The king ruled the country for years.
The king rules over his subjects.
The king rules over the country.
The king shits, the pope shits. No one escapes from needing to shit.
The king should not speak that way.
The king spoke to his son and told him that he would like to see him married before he died.
The king subjected all the tribes to his rule.
The king took his clothes off.
The king took off his robe.
The king traveled under the name "Duke of N."
The king turned out to be naked.
The king usually moves to any square next to his. But in chess there is a special move called castling, which can be done in two different ways, depending on the situation. In the first case, relating white, the king goes from e1 to g1 and the rook comes from h1 to f1. It's the short castling. In the second case, and still dealing with white, the king goes from e1 to c1 and the rook comes from a1 to d1. It's the long castling. This is the only time when two pieces are displaced in the same move.
The king wants to see Gabriel.
The king warned her to never leave the castle, to never talk with strangers, to beware of evil counsellors, and especially to be on her guard against strange women.
The king was a Muslim.
The king was a great huntsman.
The king was a manipulator.
The king was captured during the battle and beheaded.
The king was convinced that everyone was plotting against him.
The king was deprived of his power.
The king was executed.
The king was famous for his splendid palace.
The king was forced to abdicate.
The king was greatly entertained by the music.
The king was guillotined during the French Revolution.
The king was naked.
The king was pleased with him at first.
The king was prone to melancholy and boredom.
The king was shorn of his power.
The king was stripped of his power.
The king was tired of his sycophants always praising him, so he sent them away.
The king was unjust to the people.
The king was very angry.
The king was, as we say today, a psychopath.
The king waved his hand dismissively, indicating that he wasn't interested.
The king went hunting this morning.
The king went out hunting in the morning.
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.
The king will be banished.
The king will give his daughter to the dragon with the nine heads.
The king will no longer be able to catch us.
The king would not even read the message.
The king's advisors whispered among themselves.
The king's behaviour seems inexplicable.
The king's conduct appears baffling.
The king's eldest son is the heir to the throne.
The king's gambit (1. e4 e5 2. f4) and the queen's gambit (1. d4 d5 2. c4) are two of the best known openings in the game of chess.
The king's importance is so great that the woman he marries will automatically become queen.
The king's mother is dead.
The king's mother was fond of the little mermaid princesses, her grandchildren.
The king's only grief was the conduct of his daughter Dahut, who, it is said, “had made a crown of her vices and taken for her pages the seven capital sins.”
The king's realm was terrorized by a dragon.
The king's scepter was stolen from the museum.
The king's son is always hunting in the woods.
The king's son was kidnapped.
The king's subjects rallied around him in his hour of need.
The king's throne was made out of solid gold.
The king's word is always authoritative.
The king, convinced, told the tailors to prepare the outfit, but he also couldn't see this material.
The kingdom ruled over that land for years.
The kingdom was invaded by the enemy.
The kingdoms were constantly at war.
The kingfisher is catching fish.
The kingly emblems in King Egbert’s days were few and of no great value, probably nothing more than a crown and a sceptre.
The kings are in distant opposition when there are (vertically, horizontally, or diagonally) three or five squares between them, not just one.
The kings were put in jail.
The kings' main task was to erect a tomb, conceived as being as timeless as the stars that shone above the sands of time, into which everything else disappeared. Planning of the afterlife was more important than life itself, which was just the way to get there. To be gloriously remembered on the walls of these tombs, scenes from the wars they waged were carved into stone. Certainly, a lot was embellished, and in later times, victories were depicted that had never even taken place.
The king’s advisors stood by in silence.
The king’s crown was the finest in the land.
The king’s eldest son is the heir to the throne.
The king’s portrait hung proudly in the gallery.
The king’s portrait was unveiled to great applause.
The king’s scepter was made of pure gold.
The king’s speech brought the court to silence.
The king’s speech was full of wisdom and grace.
The king’s speech was met with great applause.
The king’s throne was made of the finest mahogany.
The kiosk sold many types of coffee.
The kiss missed.
The kiss was amazing.
The kiss was for good luck.
The kitchen always smells good when Tom is around.
The kitchen and the bedrooms are done.
The kitchen chairs are not stackable.
The kitchen chairs aren't foldable, I'm afraid.
The kitchen chairs aren't foldable, unfortunately.
The kitchen chairs aren't stackable.
The kitchen chairs don't fold, unfortunately.
The kitchen counter was perfectly clean.
The kitchen cupboard was filled with tins of soup and food.
The kitchen door opened.
The kitchen faces south.
The kitchen had been remodeled.
The kitchen has to be repapered.
The kitchen in that house is very nice.
The kitchen is a little bit too small.
The kitchen is a mess.
The kitchen is always filthy.
The kitchen is clean.
The kitchen is close to Ziri's room.
The kitchen is dark and gloomy.
The kitchen is downstairs.
The kitchen is filled with the delicious smell of hot chocolate.
The kitchen is full of ants.
The kitchen is full of smoke.
The kitchen is in the basement.
The kitchen is in the cellar.
The kitchen is large.
The kitchen is light and airy.
The kitchen is next to the living room.
The kitchen is not a suitable place for arguments. Too many knives.
The kitchen is not clean.
The kitchen is on the first floor.
The kitchen is on the ground floor.
The kitchen is on the second floor.
The kitchen is on the third floor.
The kitchen is south-facing.
The kitchen is spic and span.
The kitchen is the most visited place in my house.
The kitchen is white.
The kitchen island doubles as a breakfast bar.
The kitchen island has a built-in sink for convenience.
The kitchen island is topped with sleek black granite.
The kitchen island provides extra counter space for cooking.
The kitchen island serves as a central hub for food preparation.
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
The kitchen lacks a dishwasher.
The kitchen lights don't turn on.
The kitchen looked like a dump.
The kitchen must be repapered.
The kitchen needs repapering.
The kitchen needs to be remodeled.
The kitchen needs to be repapered.
The kitchen of our neighbor is smaller than ours.
The kitchen of this house is very large.
The kitchen sink drain is slow.
The kitchen sink in her house was leaking, creating a mess.
The kitchen sink is full of dishes.
The kitchen sink is one of the dirtiest places in your home.
The kitchen sink needs cleaning.
The kitchen sink was full of dirty dishes.
The kitchen smelled of freshly baked bread.
The kitchen smelt foul.
The kitchen smelt of freshly baked bread.
The kitchen table was bare except for a bowl of fruit.
The kitchen towel is oily.
The kitchen was a mess.
The kitchen was clean.
The kitchen was lined with pale yellow tiles.
The kitchen was remodeled.
The kitchen's got to be repapered.
The kite disappeared into the sky.
The kite got caught in the tree.
The kite soared up into the air like a bird.
The kite soared upwards with the swiftness of a bird.
The kite went upward.
The kites in the sky are green.
The kitten chased the dog down the street.
The kitten couldn't get down from the tree.
The kitten couldn’t get down from the tree.
The kitten crept under the bed.
The kitten curled into a ball.
The kitten didn't move a muscle.
The kitten died.
The kitten has been crying for two hours.
The kitten has crept under the bed.
The kitten has four little paws.
The kitten held Esther's hand in her paws and licked it.
The kitten is between the puppies.
The kitten is playing in the rain.
The kitten is sleeping between my legs.
The kitten is taking a nap.
The kitten is trying to hide from the rain.
The kitten jumped out of the kitchen window and ran into our neighbours' garden.
The kitten lapped up the milk I poured into the saucer.
The kitten licked up every drop of milk from the floor.
The kitten loved to chase rolling coins.
The kitten loves the dog's tail.
The kitten mewed.
The kitten played with a nap of yarn it found in a corner.
The kitten plays with the ball.
The kitten purred softly as it curled up on her lap.
The kitten rolled the yarn across the floor.
The kitten screamed.
The kitten seems to be enjoying her food this evening. She doesn't always seem to enjoy it.
The kitten seems to be feeling better this morning.
The kitten slept soundly.
The kitten stood on Esther to wake her up.
The kitten wanted in.
The kitten wants to come in.
The kitten wants to sleep.
The kitten was cuddling next to his mother.
The kitten was drinking milk under the table.
The kitten was treated for smoke inhalation.
The kitten wouldn't survive out on the streets.
The kitten's feline antics were adorable to watch.
The kittens are chasing each other around the house.
The kittens are getting big.
The kittens are rolling.
The kittens chased each other around the apartment.
The kittens climbed up the curtains.
The kittens groomed each other then fought.
The kittens play with the children.
The kittens were always outside.
The kittens were born three weeks ago.
The kittens were grooming each other.
The kittens were nursing milk from their mother.
The kittens were outside the house.
The kittens were snuggling with their mother.
The kitty is trying to hide from the rain.
The kiwi is a flightless bird of comparable size to the chicken.
The kiwis cost 3€ a kilo.
The kleptomaniac struggled with the protuberant loot.
The knee is the body's largest joint.
The knee is the body’s largest joint.
The knee wound is now festering.
The knife belonged to Ziri.
The knife belongs to the gardener.
The knife blade was sharpened.
The knife cut so deep that it almost decapitated the poor man.
The knife cuts pretty well.
The knife cuts well because it's sharp.
The knife had a sharp blade.
The knife had a very sharp point.
The knife has a keen blade.
The knife has a very sharp edge.
The knife has become sharp.
The knife has reached the bone.
The knife is blunt.
The knife is dirty.
The knife is dull.
The knife is hard, the boiled potato is soft.
The knife is made for cutting.
The knife is not sharp.
The knife is resting on a paper bag.
The knife is sharp – don’t cut yourself!
The knife is sharp.
The knife is sharp. Be careful not to cut yourself.
The knife is used for cutting.
The knife isn't sharp.
The knife isn't sharpened.
The knife on the table wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
The knife proved to be useful.
The knife punctured his lung.
The knife was covered in blood.
The knife was cutting through the tarp.
The knife was just 10 centimeters long.
The knife was so blunt that I could not cut the meat with it and I resorted to my pocket knife.
The knife was so dull that I couldn't cut the meat with it and I had to use my pocketknife.
The knife was so dull that I couldn't cut the meat with it and had to use my pocket knife.
The knife was so dull that I couldn’t cut the meat with it and I had to use my pocketknife.
The knife was two inches away from Layla's heart.
The knife we used to cut the bread with was sharp.
The knife's edge was sharpened.
The knife's serrated edge makes it perfect for cutting such things as bread.
The knife’s serrated edge makes it perfect for cutting such things as bread.
The knight Tristan loved the princess Iseult.
The knight does not move like that.
The knight fell in battle.
The knight had a blue pennon hanging from the end of his lance.
The knight is capable of attacking two pieces away from each other at the same time.
The knight is not so much brave as reckless.
The knight is the only piece that can jump over other pieces.
The knight knelt obligingly before his king.
The knight moves in the shape of the letter "L": two squares vertically and one horizontally, or one square vertically and two horizontally.
The knight should genuflect under the king's knife to receive the sir status.
The knight swears an oath of allegiance to the King.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
The knight woke up and saw her.
The knight's armour gleamed in the sun.
The knighted sci-fi writer Arthur C. Clarke spent his last years in Sri Lanka, where there are many Buddhists and Hindus.
The knights attacked the castle at dawn.
The knights tied their horses to a tree.
The knights were wearing suits of armor.
The knights wore elaborate suits of armor.
The knights wore helmets.
The knives are covered with rust.
The knives are in the drawer.
The knives are in the top drawer.
The knives are not sharp, I need to whet them.
The knives, forks and spoons are in the top drawer.
The knives, forks and spoons go in the top drawer.
The knock on the door made Tobias scream.
The knock was loud enough for Diego to hear it.
The knocking continued.
The knocking finally seemed to stop.
The knocking has stopped.
The knocking on the door stopped.
The knocking on the wall became louder.
The knocking started again at another window.
The knocking started again in a different location.
The knocking started again.
The knocking stopped a few moments later.
The knocking stopped.
The knocking was louder.
The knocks came in fours.
The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should see God as if he stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in knowledge.
The knowledge is abstractive, therefore it should be removed.
The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.
The known must be separated from the unknown.
The koala is an animal peculiar to Australia.
The koala is sleeping.
The kobolds dug a tunnel under the castle.
The kori bustard is the world's heaviest flying bird.
The lab assistant was able to replicate the results.
The lab is empty.
The lab is trying to synthesize an antidote to treat the poisoning victims.
The lab needs to be cleaned.
The lab runs on a shoestring.
The label "foreigner" should never be based on skin colour, but on nationality.
The label doesn't match the contents.
The label has faded with time.
The label is attached to the trunk.
The label is stuck on the box.
The label on my scarf says, "Wash and iron inside out." I wonder how I'm supposed to do that.
The label on my scarf says, "Wash and iron inside out." I wonder how I’m supposed to do that.
The label on my scarf says: "Wash and iron inside out." I wonder how I might do that.
The label on the box doesn't match the contents.
The label on the cover doesn't match the contents.
The label on this jumper said it was machine washable, but it still shrunk in the wash.
The label warns that the contents of the box are fragile.
The labia are folds of skin around the vaginal opening.
The labor contract was accompanied by a comprehensive list of benefits and obligations for both parties.
The labor market has become international.
The labor union announced a strike.
The labor union called a strike.
The labor union called for a strike.
The labor union is negotiating with the owners.
The labor unions had been threatening the government with a general strike.
The laboratory acquired a fabulous reputation for its historic discovery.
The laboratory conducts multiple tests a day.
The laboratory conducts multiple tests per day.
The laboratory has the most up-to-date equipment.
The laboratory is at the end of this corridor.
The laboratory is busy now on a new scientific experiment.
The laboratory is experimenting with a new chemical.
The laboratory table was full of flasks, retorts, test tubes, and similar equipment.
The laboratory was destroyed in a fire.
The laborer was laid off for 3 weeks.
The laborers are murmuring against their working conditions.
The laborers are planting a fig tree.
The laborers formed a human barricade.
The laborers were laid off for 3 weeks.
The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin.
The labourers formed a human barricade.
The labs are closed today.
The lack of a public sphere in Europe is being felt increasingly keenly.
The lack of a public sphere in Europe is being felt more and more keenly.
The lack of a public sphere in Europe is being felt more and more.
The lack of credibility of a married writer’s recommendation to remain unmarried is the weak point of the book.
The lack of evidence to the contrary is itself evidence that your theory is probably right.
The lack of financial security caused by my low salary limits my ability to plan for the future.
The lack of gender in English is not due to the English having a more egalitarian culture.
The lack of gender-specific words for "cousin" in English is an example of a lexical gap.
The lack of harmony between colors makes this painting stand out.
The lack of housing supply means millennials are having a harder time buying a single-family home, which has been the traditional trajectory in the past.
The lack of meaningful connection with students from the host culture is associated with many well-documented costs, including poorer sociocultural adaptation, greater difficulty navigating the trials of higher education, and less satisfaction with the sojourn experience.
The lack of modern post facilities caused trouble for many shippers.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
The lack of objection will only serve to reinforce their prejudices.
The lack of openness is problematic.
The lack of proof may weaken your argument.
The lack of reaction of that alien was unsettling.
The lack of sea ice left phytoplankton to the mercies of an increasingly wind-whipped surface, particularly along the northern Peninsula.
The lack of sleep is beginning to tell.
The lack of sleep is making itself felt.
The lack of sleep is starting to take a toll on me.
The lack of sleep made matters worse.
The lack of transparency is problematic.
The lack of trust in the police is palpable.
The lack of trust was apparent.
The lack of variety is frustrating.
The lack of water made me suffer horribly.
The lacker still smelt fresh.
The lacquor still smelled fresh.
The lad leaned over and shouted into Tom's ear.
The lad leaned over and shouted into Tom’s ear.
The ladder is in position for use.
The ladder is in the corner.
The ladder is in the storeroom.
The ladder is propped against the wall.
The ladder is standing in the corner.
The ladder is stood against the wall.
The ladder isn't tall enough.
The ladder led up to the attic.
The ladder on the fire truck was not long enough.
The ladder was covered with dust and rust.
The ladder was covered with mud.
The ladder was placed plumb against the wall.
The ladders are in the storeroom.
The laddish youths left the pub singing football chants.
The ladies and gentlemen I work for would be interested in acquiring your service on a temporary basis.
The ladies and gentlemen sat in the park and spoke of the time when they were still neighbors.
The ladies are looking after the children whose parents are employed in factories during the daytime.
The ladies are ready to dance!
The ladies don't notice him.
The ladies were in evening dress.
The ladies' dresses are on the floor.
The ladies' loo is on the second floor.
The ladies' room had a place where women could nurse.
The ladies' room is on the third floor.
The ladies' toilet is on the second floor.
The ladies’ dresses are on the floor.
The ladle clanked against the pot's rim.
The ladle hung by the soup pot.
The lady and her dog that were entering at the gate were stopped by the gatekeeper.
The lady answered evasively.
The lady anticipated cold weather on her trip.
The lady asking for you is over there.
The lady at the office informed me that I need to bring all the necessary documents.
The lady behind the counter seemed nice.
The lady came from a good family.
The lady dances beautifully.
The lady did not give in to temptation.
The lady does not like football.
The lady doesn't smoke.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
The lady dressed in blue waved her fan as she complained about how hot it was.
The lady dressed in white is a famous actress.
The lady gave an evasive answer.
The lady has a graceful manner.
The lady has a pet.
The lady has barely eaten anything.
The lady is dead.
The lady is forty years old at most.
The lady is my sister.
The lady is not poor.
The lady is now drinking water.
The lady is over eighty years old.
The lady is over eighty.
The lady is similar to her father.
The lady is still alone.
The lady is teaching us French.
The lady is unconscious.
The lady left.
The lady likes to read books.
The lady looked quickly up, with an angry gleam in her hazel eyes.
The lady looked sad, also tired.
The lady made an evasive reply.
The lady moved here a month ago.
The lady of honor, being as sharp set as the other folks, grew very impatient, and told the Princess aloud that the meal was served.
The lady of the house is fashionably plump with a taste for gourmet chocolates.
The lady often lied about her personal life.
The lady persisted in wearing such an old-fashioned shirt.
The lady plays Bach.
The lady plays piano.
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.
The lady remained silent.
The lady replied evasively.
The lady revealed her secret to me.
The lady serves tea to her guest.
The lady smiled, courtesied, and gave her hand to the Marquis.
The lady standing by the gate is a famous singer.
The lady stayed at home for five days because it was too hot.
The lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher.
The lady that used to work here had to retire.
The lady tolerated the man.
The lady was wearing glasses.
The lady wearing sunglasses seemed very strange.
The lady who dropped her wineglass seemed embarrassed.
The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in reality his wife.
The lady whom you see over there is a famous violinist.
The lady wore a necklace of pearls.
The lady's already over 70.
The lady's behaviour was always dignified.
The lady's clothes are out of style.
The lady's clothes are passé.
The lady's funeral was held at the local church.
The lady's hands are completely full from work.
The lady's name is Sue.
The lady's state of mind has changed.
The lady's wish is my command.
The lady, whom you talked to, is my sister.
The ladybird, being known for its usefulness in the fight against the black aphid, has several names in Kabyle, including "the cow of orphans".
The ladybug is on the table.
The lady’s funeral was held at the local church.
The lagoon has been a source of inspiration for many artists, who have depicted its magic in paintings and photographs.
The lagoon is very deep.
The lagoon's water is cold.
The lake abounds with fish.
The lake can be reached in half an hour by bus.
The lake eventually froze over.
The lake finally froze over.
The lake freezes in winter.
The lake freezes over.
The lake froze completely.
The lake froze over last night.
The lake froze over.
The lake has a deep blue color.
The lake has a diameter of 100 metres.
The lake has a diameter of 3 miles.
The lake has a very clear water.
The lake has finally frozen over.
The lake has frozen over but I'm not sure the ice is strong enough to walk on.
The lake has frozen over but I’m not sure the ice is strong enough to walk on.
The lake has frozen over.
The lake hasn't been full in fourteen years.
The lake hasn't frozen for a long time now.
The lake is a long way from here.
The lake is about 25 meters deep.
The lake is big.
The lake is blue.
The lake is calm, with some swans swimming on it.
The lake is certainly swimmable, but there's no point to swimming in it.
The lake is certainly swimmable, but there’s no point to swimming in it.
The lake is cold.
The lake is completely frozen over.
The lake is deep at this point.
The lake is deep here.
The lake is deepest around here.
The lake is deepest at this point.
The lake is deepest at this spot.
The lake is deepest here in so far as I know.
The lake is deepest here.
The lake is deepest in this area.
The lake is extremely cold.
The lake is far from here.
The lake is five kilometers round.
The lake is four miles across.
The lake is four miles wide.
The lake is freezing over.
The lake is frequented by a lot of fishermen.
The lake is frozen over.
The lake is frozen solid.
The lake is frozen.
The lake is full of fish.
The lake is large and beautiful.
The lake is made not by nature but by art.
The lake is notorious for its contamination.
The lake is polluted.
The lake is really deep right now.
The lake is surrounded by forest.
The lake is surrounded by green hills.
The lake is surrounded by mountains.
The lake is ten miles about.
The lake is the deepest in Japan.
The lake is three miles across.
The lake is three miles from here.
The lake is very deep around here.
The lake is very deep in that area.
The lake is very deep.
The lake isn't far from here.
The lake near Waco, Texas is actually a manmade reservoir.
The lake provided Gabriel with a peaceful escape from the city.
The lake provided Gabriel with a respite from the summer heat.
The lake provided Gabriel with a sense of serenity and calm.
The lake supplies the city with water.
The lake supplies water to the village.
The lake was Gabriel's sanctuary, a place where he could find solace.
The lake was a hub of activity.
The lake was a peaceful retreat for Gabriel after a long day.
The lake was a popular destination for Gabriel's family reunions.
The lake was a popular spot for Gabriel and his family to gather.
The lake was a popular spot for Gabriel to practice his photography skills.
The lake was adjacent to his house.
The lake was beautiful with some swans swimming on it.
The lake was bound in ice.
The lake was frozen over.
The lake was frozen too.
The lake was frozen, so we walked across the ice.
The lake was frozen, so we were able to walk to the island.
The lake was frozen.
The lake was gleaming in the bright sunshine.
The lake was icebound.
The lake was like a mirror.
The lake was one of the most risky parts of the park for the visitors.
The lake was pretty far away.
The lake was ringed by a fence, apparently for health and safety reasons.
The lake was surrounded by Gabriel's favorite hiking trails.
The lake was teeming with nocturnal life.
The lake water is very cold.
The lake where the monster lives is near here.
The lake's calmness reflected Gabriel's inner peace.
The lake's clear water allowed Gabriel to see the fish swimming below.
The lake's deep blue color fascinated Gabriel.
The lake's entire surface was covered with floating leaves and various other plants.
The lake's gentle waves rocked Gabriel's kayak back and forth.
The lake's southern shore is marshy and inaccessible.
The lake's sparkling waters reflected Gabriel's happiness.
The lake's stillness mirrored Gabriel's contemplative mood.
The lake's surface glistened under the sunlight, capturing Gabriel's attention.
The lake's surface is almost like a mirror.
The lake's surface rippled as Gabriel skipped stones across it.
The lake's tranquility soothed Gabriel's troubled mind.
The lake's water is as smooth as a mirror.
The lakes and rivers, too, are full of fish.
The lakes are frozen.
The lakes in this area are very beautiful.
The lakeside road runs parallel to the shore.
The lama prayed for Miroslav's protection.
The lamb at Benedito's restaurant is tender.
The lamb bleats 'baa'.
The lamb crashed to the bottom of the ravine and didn't survive.
The lamb fell into the ravine and died.
The lamb followed Mary to school.
The lamb is gone now.
The lamb is too young to wean.
The lamb needs to drink some colostrum.
The lamb said, "But last year, I wasn't even born!"
The lamb skins were also valuable.
The lamb was cooked perfectly.
The lamb was killed by the wolf.
The lambda sensor is on the fritz again.
The lambs are four months old now.
The lambs are on this side and the ewes, on the other side.
The lambs came to the ewe.
The lambs can get as much milk as they want all day.
The lambs grew up more.
The lambs had sharp teeth.
The lambs joined their mom.
The lambs kept growing and growing.
The lambs nibble grass all day.
The lambs started eating solid food.
The lambs were born in April.
The lambs were four months old.
The lambs were hungry.
The lambs were in the paddock.
The lambs were killed by a wolf.
The lambs were making too much noise.
The lambs were separated from their mothers.
The lambs were slaughtered but left untouched.
The lambs were slaughtered for market.
The lambs were so cute.
The lambs were too noisy.
The lamestream media is spreading false and misleading information.
The lamp consumed 480 watts giving an efficiency of about 15 lumens per watt.
The lamp fell into the tub.
The lamp gave its ordinary stinted light.
The lamp had a fluorescent light.
The lamp hangs from its wire.
The lamp has run out of oil.
The lamp hung from the ceiling.
The lamp in his room is always on!
The lamp is above the table.
The lamp is broken.
The lamp is connected to a timer.
The lamp is grey.
The lamp is hanging from the ceiling.
The lamp is on.
The lamp is out of oil.
The lamp needs to be filled with oil.
The lamp of the body is the eye.
The lamp oil is exhausted.
The lamp on the desk had an out-of-kilter lampshade.
The lamp shone brightly and lit up the whole room.
The lamp was still burning.
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
The lamp was swinging back and forth.
The lamp went out, and all was black.
The lamp went out, and all was dark.
The lamp went out.
The lamplight flickered one last time, and then it was pitch-dark.
The lamplight outside the door lit her face from one side.
The lamps in the room were glowing all night long.
The lamps in the room were glowing up to the morning.
The lancet windows allow light to stream into the nave.
The land became a slum.
The land became a village.
The land came into the market.
The land could just be discerned through the mist.
The land descended from father to son.
The land descended to his family.
The land did not cost much.
The land ends where the sea begins.
The land had never been ploughed.
The land had never been plowed.
The land here is rich and fertile.
The land is beneath me.
The land is clothed with woods.
The land is mostly flat in the Algerian high plateaus.
The land is no longer fit for agriculture.
The land is out of crop this year.
The land is troubled.
The land is very fertile.
The land itself was a desolation, lifeless, without movement, so lone and cold that the spirit of it was not even that of sadness. There was a hint in it of laughter, but of a laughter more terrible than any sadness—a laughter that was mirthless as the smile of the sphinx, a laughter cold as the frost and partaking of the grimness of infallibility.
The land of the Kabyles is very beautiful.
The land on his farm is very fertile.
The land on which the Tuaregs live is extremely poor.
The land slopes gently toward the river.
The land surrounding the village is very fertile.
The land to the northeast was low-lying.
The land was carried away by a flood.
The land was converted into a park.
The land was divided into 8 lots.
The land was fertile.
The land was sold and subdivided.
The land was sold.
The land yields abundant crops.
The land yields heavy crops.
The land, wherein thou sleepest, I will give to thee and to thy seed. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth: thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and thy seed, all the tribes of the earth shall be blessed.
The lander floated in the darkness of space.
The lander’s robotic arm trickled sand near one solar panel, helping the wind to carry off some of the panel’s dust. The result was a gain of about 30 watt-hours of energy per sol, or Martian day.
The landfill sites are overflowing.
The landfills next to large cities are changing the migratory habits of some animal species.
The landing was a bit rough.
The landing was perfect.
The landlady had become so accustomed to my late habits that my place had not been laid nor my coffee prepared.
The landlady had told Tom: “You'd look better with a fedora hat — a light-grey felted wool one, I think. You're tall, and you could carry it off."
The landlady put the pea upon a dresser and left it there, and a chicken wandering by saw it and jumped up on the dresser and ate it. So when the laziest man called the next day and asked for his pea the landlady couldn't find it.
The landlord barked at his servants.
The landlord changed the locks.
The landlord is checking all the faucets in the building for leaks.
The landlord promised immediate action.
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.
The landlord should be paying that, not you.
The landlord signed a lease with the new tenant.
The landlord thought to himself: "I could do with a chef like that in my pub!"
The landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent.
The landlord told him to leave because he hadn’t paid his rent.
The landlord told me a cock and bull story about why we didn't have heat for three days.
The landlord told me a cock and bull story about why we didn’t have heat for three days.
The landlord used to be quite well off.
The landlord wants to raise the rent.
The landlord was shot in the shoulder and arm.
The landlord won't permit him to paint the door red.
The landlord won’t permit him to paint the door red.
The landmark surgery that separated the conjoined twins seven months ago lasted 23 hours.
The landmines are intact.
The landscape became flat once again.
The landscape in Russia is special.
The landscape in the south is picturesque.
The landscape in this part of Algeria is very flat.
The landscape is bathed in the warm light of sunset.
The landscape is bathed in the warm light of the setting sun.
The landscape is lit by the sunset's warm light.
The landscape is lit by the warm glow of the setting sun.
The landscape is magnificent.
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.
The landscape is vast.
The landscape of Tuscany is really picturesque.
The landscape of yellow, a mass of sunflowers flourishing beyond measure.
The landscape painter made some touch-ups to the painting.
The landscape was a measureless yellow mass of flourishing sunflowers.
The landscape was absolutely breathtaking.
The landscape was bathed by the warmth of the sun.
The landscape was cold and sharp as flint.
The landscape was dotted with green and grey shrubs.
The landscape was flat and monotonous.
The landscape was so beautiful that William felt his heart swell with emotion.
The landscape was stunning.
The landscape was white with snow.
The landscapes are simply fantastic.
The landscapes of Provence are very picturesque.
The landscapes were green and treed and dotted with cows.
The landslide destroyed all the gardens.
The language I'm learning is very difficult.
The language I'm learning is very hard.
The language I'm learning now is not the same language he's learning.
The language I'm speaking is Berber.
The language I'm speaking right now is Berber.
The language Interlingue was once called Occidental.
The language Tom and Mary were speaking wasn't French.
The language Tom uses in his works is very difficult; it has caused problems for many translators, including the most celebrated.
The language Tom was speaking wasn't French.
The language autodetection feature on Tatoeba hardly ever works, but you can count on other users to set you straight.
The language barrier proved insuperable.
The language barrier was a big problem.
The language becomes more beautiful as we learn it.
The language both I and the people in my country speak natively is Japanese.
The language by itself doesn't have any notable value unless it is applied practically.
The language called Berber is a fiction because it must include what every Berber speaks, which varies greatly from speaker to speaker.
The language connects us.
The language course Tom designed is more confusing than helpful.
The language has almost no written literature.
The language has few speakers.
The language has many speakers.
The language has never been written down.
The language has no standard orthography.
The language he's speaking now, is that English, French, or German?
The language in a society is never a detail.
The language in which he completed all of his studies was Finnish.
The language is Lakota, one of three dialects of the people collectively called Sioux, a tribe of hunters and warriors that once roamed all over the northern plains.
The language is divided into three dialects — Dakota, Nakota and Lakota — but any person who speaks one dialect can understand the others.
The language is expected to die in the near future.
The language is in decline.
The language is in no danger of dying out.
The language is indigenous to the area.
The language is music to my tongue.
The language is not expected to die for the foreseeable future.
The language is primarily spoken within families.
The language is still going strong.
The language isn't vulgar, it's the people who are.
The language lover wants to be a translator.
The language lover wants to become a translator.
The language of Europe is translation.
The language of friendship is not of words but of meanings.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
The language of human rights has become just another weapon.
The language of instruction is mainly English. Sporadically, courses are also offered in the local language.
The language of love is difficult and complicated, no matter where you're from.
The language of power is the only one they understand.
The language of that tribe is as complex as any other human language.
The language of the beasts became clear to little Claus; but he never could understand their sulky and morose tempers.
The language of truth is simple.
The language of truth must be, with no doubt, simple and without artifice.
The language spoken in Australia is English.
The language spoken in Brazil is Portuguese.
The language spoken in Brazil is the youngest version of Portuguese.
The language students participated in an immersion program.
The language they were speaking sounded like French to me.
The language they're speaking is French.
The language they're speaking isn't French.
The language was clearly not Russian.
The language we use influences our way of thinking.
The language website, tatoeba.org, was shut down temporarily for maintenance.
The language with the largest number of native speakers is Chinese.
The language you learn from your mum is called mother tongue.
The language's future looks promising.
The languages are closely related.
The languages spoken in Cape Verde are Portuguese and creoles.
The languages that have been transliterated within the Tatoeba Project are Japanese, Chinese, Shanghainese, Georgian and Uzbek.
The lantern has run out of oil.
The lantern near the pond in the garden illumined in green.
The lanterns around the evening garden party illumined in blue.
The lanterns around the evening garden party illumined in green.
The lanterns around the evening garden party illumined in violet.
The lanterns around the pond in the beautiful garden illumined in green.
The lanterns around the pond in the mossy garden illumined in green.
The lanterns around the pond in the mushroom-filled garden illumined in green.
The lanterns around the pond in the quaint garden illumined in green.
The lanterns around the pond in the quiet garden illumined in green.
The lanterns around the pond in the rustic garden illumined in green.
The lanterns hung on the temple roof's edges.
The lanterns illumined the evening festival in green.
The lanterns illumined the evening festival in violet.
The lanterns illumined the evening garden party in blue.
The lanterns illumined the evening garden party in green.
The lanterns illumined the evening garden party in orange.
The lanterns illumined the evening garden party in purple.
The lanterns illumined the evening garden party in red.
The lanterns illumined the evening garden party in violet.
The lanterns near the pond in the beautiful garden illumined in green.
The lanterns near the pond in the big garden illumined in green.
The lanterns near the pond in the garden illumined in green.
The lanterns near the pond in the little garden illumined in green.
The lanterns near the pond in the quaint garden illumined in green.
The lanterns surrounded the garden fountains.
The lanterns surrounded the garden statues.
The lanterns, which illumined the streets in green, lined the streets.
The lanterns, which illumined the streets in red, encircled the park.
The lanterns, which illumined the streets in red, lined the streets.
The laptop is on your desk.
The laptop needs an adapter.
The laptop provides cutting-edge technology at an affordable price.
The laptop really became cheap.
The laptop stopped working.
The laptop's stopped working.
The laptop's unplugged.
The larch is a coniferous tree, growing in the mountains, that sheds its needles in the winter.
The large animal roared at the forest of large trees.
The large audience applauded when the song finished.
The large audience clapped at the end of the song.
The large boulder has been removed.
The large bulge in his pants was obvious.
The large chain store created a new branch.
The large cloud is black.
The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to Iberia came to be known as "Sephardi."
The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to what became the Frankish and later Holy Roman Empire came to be known as "Ashkenazi."
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of "Money for Nothing".
The large dog jumped up quickly and forced his wet nose on my lips.
The large firms in the industry call all the shots.
The large fish bit the hook.
The large flower is blue.
The large grayish castle stands beside the ocean.
The large herds of cattle feeding and reposing under the trees gave an air of civilization to the scene.
The large intestine absorbs water.
The large intestine is about 1.5m long.
The large number of islands in the Caribbean Sea creates many areas of shallow water that can be treacherous to ship navigation.
The large siheyuans of these high-ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens.
The large tourism business has provided jobs and money for the Pampachiri native community.
The large, bell-shaped Devil's claw, which is native to Central and South America, was introduced into Australia in the 19th century.
The large, lonely plain, covered with snow, looked even more wondrous in the moonlight than during the day.
The larger church organs use infrasound, which people do not hear, but feel as vibrations in their bodies.
The larger fish from the south will compete with the smaller Arctic species for food, and even prey on them directly.
The larger the amount of silver, the larger the amount of corruption.
The larger the income, the more tax.
The largest English dictionary has over 450,000 words.
The largest animal on Earth is the gigantic blue whale.
The largest animal on land is the elephant.
The largest animal phyla are the arthropods, the mollusks, and the chordates.
The largest animals here are listed as hyenas.
The largest bedroom faces south.
The largest continent on Earth is Asia.
The largest continental lake in the world is the Caspian Sea.
The largest documented wave ever surfed was at Nazare, a 24.38-meter wave in 2017.
The largest earthquake recorded was in Chile in 1960, with a magnitude of around 9.5.
The largest fish Tom caught weighed just over three kilograms.
The largest flow of immigrants came from and belonged to the Scandinavian branch of the Germanic people group.
The largest island in the Aegean is Crete, and the form of civilization developed there is called Cretan or Minoan, from the name of one of the legendary sea-kings of Crete, whilst that which spread on the mainland is called Mycenaean from the great stronghold where dwelt the lords of Mycenae.
The largest kind of clam is the giant clam.
The largest lake in South America, Lake Titicaca, is located in Peru.
The largest locust outbreak in human history occurred in 1875 in the United States.
The largest man-made structure in the world is The Great Wall of China. The 2nd largest is the Staten Island garbage landfill in New York.
The largest marine sanctuary is located in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
The largest muscle in the human body is the gluteus maximus.
The largest object in the solar system is the sun. It contains 99 percent of the mass of the solar system.
The largest of the apartments was empty during the day, its occupants not returning till after they had taken their evening meal in a restaurant.
The largest part of my life is already gone.
The largest prime number doesn't exist.
The largest recipient of Japan's ODA that year was China.
The largest recipient of Japan’s ODA that year was China.
The largest resurgent calderas are sometimes referred to as "supervolcanoes", especially in popular culture.
The largest ship in the world is called the "Harmony of the Seas". It was launched in 2015.
The largest single meteorite found in the United States is the fifteen ton Willamette (Oregon) iron meteorite found in 1902.
The lark chirps.
The lark sings.
The larks are warbling in the air.
The larva of the small emperor moth feeds on heather plants.
The larvae mate inside the victim and after the male dies, the female emerges from a blister on the skin and can only be gradually pulled out.
The larvae of June beetles can damage the roots of ornamental plants.
The lasagna at Benedito's restaurant is hearty.
The laser cow in WHAT THE CAR? is both hilarious and terrifying!
The laser has since revolutionized the fields of defense, telecommunications, medicine and consumer electronics.
The laser sight is pre-sighted from factory, but is user adjustable.
The lass is at the window, because the sun is very hot today.
The last 10 years were the hottest decade ever measured on Earth.
The last Easter egg is so well hidden that we can't find it.
The last Easter egg is so well hidden that we're unable to find it.
The last Easter egg is still somewhere in the garden.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary are still married.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary haven't yet decided where to go on their honeymoon.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary were fishing up in Canada.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary were in prison.
The last I heard, Tom was fishing up in Canada.
The last I heard, Tom was in Australia.
The last I heard, Tom was in prison.
The last I heard, Tom was living in Boston.
The last Russian Emperor, Nicholas II (Nikolay Alexandrovich Romanov), was born 144 years ago (in 1868).
The last Russian troops withdrew in 1993.
The last Tasmanian wolf died in 1936.
The last VHS player was produced five years ago by Funai Electric in Japan.
The last agony was over.
The last and least pleasant part of the journey was through the marsh.
The last appearance that Handel made in public was to conduct the Messiah.
The last batch of cookies is still in the oven.
The last book that my father was reading on his deathbed was about past life regressions, Living Your Past Lives, by Karl Schlotterbeck.
The last books were sold a week ago.
The last bus had already gone when I got to the bus stop.
The last bus having gone, we had to walk home.
The last bus having left, I had to take a taxi.
The last bus leaves in thirty minutes.
The last bus will be leaving in thirty minutes.
The last bus will leave in thirty minutes.
The last card is mine.
The last chapter of this book.
The last chapter took me the most time.
The last city on my list was Boston.
The last client of the day arrived at 12:00 PM. She said she had been feeling really stressed out at work lately.
The last coffee and donuts of my holiday were consumed at Finland's best market-place café, right on Market Square.
The last computer that I bought didn't last long.
The last conflict has brought great damage to this country.
The last correction was made on the twenty-first of August.
The last country on my list was Australia.
The last couple of days have been hard.
The last couple of weeks have been crazy!
The last dart he threw, bounced off the board.
The last day of school is next Monday.
The last day of school is tomorrow.
The last day of the year is called New Year's Eve.
The last day to apply is next Friday.
The last day to apply is the day after tomorrow.
The last days of January happened to be cold.
The last decades of the 20th century saw a boom in the tourism industry.
The last digit in his number is nine.
The last election was such a hot contest that several ex-ministers lost.
The last ember of the fire glowed.
The last eruption was in 2013.
The last examination was very difficult.
The last few days have been fun.
The last few days have been quiet.
The last few days have been terribly busy for both of us.
The last few days have been very busy for both of us.
The last few days have been very busy.
The last few days have been very cold.
The last few days have been very hot.
The last few days have been very rainy.
The last few days of Sami's life were hell.
The last few decades have brought significant changes to evolutionary thought.
The last few months have been tough.
The last few pages of the book were ripped.
The last few weeks have been utter chaos here in Morocco.
The last few years have been difficult for me.
The last few years have been tough.
The last film in the Lord of the Rings series, The Return of the King debuted in mid-December, and is still showing in U.S. movie theaters. The epic trilogy comes to a close with a final battle for Middle Earth, and Frodo's heroic effort to cast the ring into the fiery lava of Mount Doom. The soundtrack features several appearances by renowned Irish flutist James Galway. The high tenor voice of actor Billy Boyd, who plays one of the hobbits, is also highlighted, along with an emotional narrative. To coincide with the film's climax, composer Howard Shore added more operatic elements to the score. The Return of the King also features the song Into The West, written and recorded by former Eurythmics member and Grammy Award-winning singer Annie Lennox.
The last flight for Boston has been canceled.
The last flight for Osaka has been canceled.
The last four years saw Algeria's economy shrink significantly.
The last gleam of the sun is dying away.
The last god died millions of years ago.
The last guest did that.
The last guy I went drinking with made me pay the bill.
The last hope fled from her mind.
The last hope fled from his mind.
The last house on this street is Tom's.
The last house speaker had long been a bête noire of the Republican's right wing.
The last house was Tom's residence.
The last installment of this story will come out in the next issue.
The last interglacial period ended around 115,000 years ago when temperatures were less than one degree Celsius warmer than today, and sea levels were six meters higher.
The last leaf of this book is missing.
The last leg of our journey will be the most difficult.
The last lesson that day was gym class.
The last letter is mine.
The last male of that species died last year.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock at the door...
The last mass lynching in America occurred in 1946.
The last mile is the longest.
The last monkey always drowns.
The last month with temperatures below the 20th century average was December 1984 (-0.09°C).
The last name Santos is very popular in Portuguese.
The last native speaker of the Osage language died in 2005.
The last of light faded and Ziri had to walk back to camp in the dark.
The last of the leaves have fallen.
The last of the stars are still shining.
The last one is mine.
The last one is the best.
The last one to go home will probably be Tom.
The last one was Tina's suggestion.
The last page of this book is missing.
The last pandemic was in 2009 when a new influenza virus, called H1N1, started in the U.S. and circulated the globe. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that between 151,000 and 600,000 people died.
The last part goes without saying.
The last part is self-evident.
The last part of the legend was added later.
The last part of the trip was across the desert.
The last person Fadil saw his daughter with was Layla.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
The last person I would trust a secret to is Mary.
The last person Tom saw Mary with was John.
The last person got here at about 2:30.
The last person is supposed to switch the light off.
The last person is supposed to turn off the light.
The last person is supposed to turn the light off.
The last person that I told my idea to thought that I was nuts.
The last person to see him was you.
The last person to speak was Tom.
The last person who said that to me turned out to be a robot.
The last piece of cake was eaten by Tom.
The last place anyone saw Tom was at the beach.
The last presidential election in Algeria was a historic vote.
The last rays of the sun are reflected on the infinite sea.
The last recorded Barbary lion was shot in Morocco in 1942.
The last red streaks had faded away in the west and night had settled upon the moor. A few faint stars were gleaming in a violet sky.
The last section was brutal.
The last show goes on at eleven.
The last shred of hope had vanished from her heart.
The last sleep will be eternal.
The last song you sang was the best.
The last straw breaks the camel's back.
The last straw breaks the camel’s back.
The last stretch was brutal.
The last stronghold of humanity has finally fallen.
The last suggestion was Tom's.
The last survivors fled the town yesterday.
The last symphony of this composer is the least known.
The last thing I ate yesterday was an apple.
The last thing I need right now is something else to worry about.
The last thing I remember was hearing a sound behind me.
The last thing I remember was the sound of someone behind me.
The last thing I remember was turning off the light.
The last thing I remember were the lights going out.
The last thing I saw was his spooky face.
The last thing I wanna do is talk to you about sex.
The last thing I want is to look at Tom's face all evening.
The last thing I want is to say things that would make you uncomfortable.
The last thing I want to do is butt in.
The last thing I want to do is cause an argument.
The last thing I want to do is cause you a problem.
The last thing I want to do is cause you any more pain.
The last thing I want to do is cause you any problems.
The last thing I want to do is come between you and Tom.
The last thing I want to do is give you any reason to fire me.
The last thing I want to do is hurt her.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
The last thing I want to do is leave you here alone.
The last thing I want to do is make Tom sad.
The last thing I want to do is waste time.
The last thing I want to do now is clean the bathroom.
The last thing I want you to think is that I did that on purpose.
The last thing I'd ever want to do is hurt Tom.
The last thing I'd ever want to do is to hurt you, Tom.
The last thing Tom does every night before going to sleep is set his alarm clock.
The last thing Tom needs is another stalker.
The last thing Tom needs is someone else stalking him.
The last thing Tom said to me was that he'd be here tomorrow.
The last thing Tom wanted to be was different.
The last thing Tom wants to do is see Mary.
The last thing he wants to do is skip school.
The last thing in the world I want to do is arrest Tom.
The last thing on my mind is him.
The last thing on my mind was the possibility of losing.
The last thing she should do is shack up with him.
The last thing they want to do is skip school.
The last thing this country needs is bar-room politicians.
The last thing we need is a war.
The last thing we need right now is a lecture.
The last thing we need to do now is get over the border.
The last thing we want to do is to forget to pay our bills.
The last thing you want is for your friends to be bored at the party.
The last three blocks! Come on! Cheer up!
The last three coaches of the train were badly damaged.
The last three days have been cold.
The last three days have been crazy.
The last three days have been hard.
The last three days have been hot.
The last three days have been really muggy.
The last three weeks have been really busy for us.
The last three weeks have been really hard for me.
The last three years have been tough.
The last time Dave saw Danielle was one summer evening through the window of a chip shop: she was inside, squinting at the price list on the wall behind the counter, and he was in the street on his way to the pub with Teresa, his new girlfriend.
The last time I asked Tom to do anything for me was three weeks ago.
The last time I ate Chinese food was three weeks ago.
The last time I ate at that restaurant the food wasn't very good.
The last time I ate at that restaurant, the food wasn't very good.
The last time I ate dog food was thirty years ago.
The last time I called her she told me that she wants to get back to Italy.
The last time I called him, he was out.
The last time I came here was a year ago.
The last time I came to this park, I parked in the same place.
The last time I checked, Tom was asleep.
The last time I did that I was still in kindergarten.
The last time I did that, I almost got fired.
The last time I drove a car was three years ago.
The last time I heard from Tom was last week.
The last time I made a cake I forgot to put the flour in.
The last time I met Tom and Mary they didn't have any children.
The last time I met him, he was studying in high school.
The last time I played baseball, I hit a home run.
The last time I read classical Japanese literature was in high school.
The last time I saw Kent, he was very well.
The last time I saw Mary she didn't look too well.
The last time I saw Mary she was dressed in a nurse's uniform.
The last time I saw Mary she was eating an apple.
The last time I saw Mary she was feeding pigeons in the park.
The last time I saw Mary she was headed toward the beach.
The last time I saw Mary she was holding a doll in her right hand.
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a blue baseball cap.
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a blue cap.
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a hospital gown.
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a pink blouse and a red skirt.
The last time I saw Mary she was with Tom.
The last time I saw Mary, she was limping.
The last time I saw Mary, she was on a stretcher.
The last time I saw Mary, she was wearing a pink dress.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they didn't look too well.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were eating apples.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were feeding pigeons in the park.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were headed toward the beach.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing blue baseball caps.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing blue caps.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing hospital gowns.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were with John.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary, they were limping.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary, they were on stretchers.
The last time I saw Tom he didn't look too well.
The last time I saw Tom he didn't look very well.
The last time I saw Tom he didn't seem very happy.
The last time I saw Tom he looked busy.
The last time I saw Tom he looked happy.
The last time I saw Tom he was a little overweight.
The last time I saw Tom he was as drunk as a skunk.
The last time I saw Tom he was barefoot.
The last time I saw Tom he was eating an apple.
The last time I saw Tom he was feeding pigeons in the park.
The last time I saw Tom he was flirting with some girls on the front steps of the school.
The last time I saw Tom he was headed toward the beach.
The last time I saw Tom he was headed towards the beach.
The last time I saw Tom he was heading towards the beach.
The last time I saw Tom he was riding a bicycle.
The last time I saw Tom he was sitting over there.
The last time I saw Tom he was still a high school student.
The last time I saw Tom he was still a teenager.
The last time I saw Tom he was still at university.
The last time I saw Tom he was still in college.
The last time I saw Tom he was still studying.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking on crutches.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking toward the parking lot.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking towards the convenience store.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a blue baseball cap.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a blue cap.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a cowboy hat.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a hospital gown.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a prison jump suit.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a suit.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a tuxedo.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing an eye patch.
The last time I saw Tom he was with Mary.
The last time I saw Tom he was with an attractive young woman.
The last time I saw Tom smile was last October.
The last time I saw Tom was Monday morning.
The last time I saw Tom was a week ago.
The last time I saw Tom was about a year ago.
The last time I saw Tom was at your party.
The last time I saw Tom was at your place.
The last time I saw Tom was in Australia.
The last time I saw Tom was in Boston.
The last time I saw Tom was in October.
The last time I saw Tom was last Monday.
The last time I saw Tom was last summer in Boston.
The last time I saw Tom was three days ago.
The last time I saw Tom was three weeks ago.
The last time I saw Tom was three years ago.
The last time I saw Tom was yesterday around lunchtime.
The last time I saw Tom was yesterday.
The last time I saw Tom, he had a beard.
The last time I saw Tom, he had a rash on his face.
The last time I saw Tom, he was crying.
The last time I saw Tom, he was driving a truck.
The last time I saw Tom, he was headed for the beach.
The last time I saw Tom, he was limping.
The last time I saw Tom, he was on a stretcher.
The last time I saw Tom, he was ranting about something.
The last time I saw Tom, he was riding a bicycle.
The last time I saw Tom, he was sharpening his knife.
The last time I saw Tom, he was still a schoolboy.
The last time I saw Tom, he was still a schoolkid.
The last time I saw Tom, he was still dating Mary.
The last time I saw Tom, he was still married to Mary.
The last time I saw Tom, he was thirteen years old.
The last time I saw Tom, he was thirteen.
The last time I saw Tom, he was wearing a cowboy hat.
The last time I saw her she was supposed to deliver papers to me.
The last time I saw him was a week ago.
The last time I saw him was at your place.
The last time I saw him was ten years ago.
The last time I saw him was yesterday.
The last time I saw him, he was still in high school.
The last time I saw him, he was very healthy.
The last time I saw the raccoon, it was in my yard, peeking out from underneath the overturned wheelbarrow.
The last time I saw you was in Australia.
The last time I saw you was in Boston.
The last time I saw you we were prisoners.
The last time I saw you, we were prisoners in a dungeon.
The last time I saw you, you were just a little boy.
The last time I saw you, you were thirteen years old.
The last time I saw you, you were very young.
The last time I smoked was well over a year ago.
The last time I spoke to Mary, she said she wasn't planning to go to Boston.
The last time I spoke to Tom and Mary, they said they weren't planning to go to Boston.
The last time I spoke to Tom was last Monday.
The last time I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Australia.
The last time I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Boston.
The last time I spoke with Tom was three weeks ago.
The last time I talked with Tom he said I didn't have to do that.
The last time I talked with Tom he said he didn't want to do that.
The last time I talked with Tom he said he was planning to get married.
The last time I talked with Tom he said he was planning to move to Boston.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that I didn't have to do that.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that he didn't want to do that.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that he was planning to get married.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that he was planning to move to Boston.
The last time I tried swimming, I almost drowned.
The last time I was here was in 2013.
The last time I was here, I slept on the couch.
The last time I was ill, I was in bed for four days.
The last time I was in Australia was last October.
The last time I was in Australia was three years ago.
The last time I was in Boston was for just three days.
The last time I was in Boston was last October.
The last time I was in Boston, I only stayed three days.
The last time I was in China, I visited Shanghai.
The last time I was sick, I was bedridden for 4 days.
The last time I was sick, I was in bed for three days.
The last time I was there, I hated every single minute of it.
The last time I went to Australia was in 2013.
The last time I went to Australia was in October.
The last time I went to Australia was three years ago.
The last time I went to Australia, I visited Tom.
The last time I went to Australia, I went with Tom.
The last time I went to Boston was in 2013.
The last time I went to Boston was in October.
The last time I went to Boston was three years ago.
The last time I went to Boston, I visited Tom.
The last time I went to Boston, I went with Tom.
The last time I went to Boston, it took me three hours to get there.
The last time I went to Boston, it was snowing.
The last time I went to China, I visited Shanghai.
The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.
The last time I won at chess was three months ago.
The last time Tom and I were in Australia was last October.
The last time Tom and I were in Boston was last October.
The last time Tom and Mary went out for dinner, Mary paid.
The last time Tom did that was three years ago.
The last time Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
The last time Tom gave a concert in Australia, only 300 people came.
The last time Tom gave a concert in Boston, only 300 people came.
The last time Tom saw Mary was three years ago.
The last time Tom talked to me was the day before yesterday.
The last time Tom tried to hug Mary, she got mad at him.
The last time Tom visited, he had his dog with him.
The last time Tom was seen alive was in October.
The last time Tom went to Australia was three years ago.
The last time Tom went to Boston was three years ago.
The last time Yanni replaced his windshield, it cost him forty thousand dinars.
The last time Ziri and Rima were in this room, they were getting married. Now they're throwing things at each other.
The last time it rained here was three weeks ago.
The last time our family got together was three Christmases ago.
The last time that I did that I was still in kindergarten.
The last time that I met my university buddies Steve and Glen, both Cantonese, was in a pancake house, some years ago.
The last time that I saw Tom he was as drunk as a skunk.
The last time that I saw Tom was Monday morning.
The last time that I saw Tom was at your place.
The last time that I saw Tom was in Australia.
The last time that I saw Tom was last summer in Boston.
The last time that I saw Tom was three days ago.
The last time that I smelled something similar to this tea was in the giraffe house at the zoo.
The last time that I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Australia.
The last time that I was in Boston was for just three days.
The last time that I was in Boston, I only stayed three days.
The last time that I went to Australia, I visited Tom.
The last time that I went to Australia, I went with Tom.
The last time that Tom and I were in Australia was last October.
The last time that Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
The last time that Tom gave a concert in Australia, only 300 people came.
The last time that Tom tried to hug Mary, she got mad at him.
The last time that Tom went to Australia was three years ago.
The last time that happened I didn't know what to do.
The last time that happened was in 2013.
The last time that happened was three days ago.
The last time that happened, Tom, was just before you started to dig the big tunnel.
The last time that we were here was three weeks ago.
The last time this happened was fifteen years ago.
The last time was in 1986.
The last time was quite some time ago.
The last time we all went out drinking, I was the designated driver.
The last time we ate dinner together, you would only eat vegetables.
The last time we had this problem, things got very messy.
The last time we met, Tom called me a liar.
The last time we met, you had a beard.
The last time we saw each other was about three years ago.
The last time we saw each other was on Ana's birthday, the year before last.
The last time we saw each other was ten years ago.
The last time we spoke on the phone was five years ago.
The last time we went fishing was three years ago.
The last time we went out to eat, she paid for the dinner.
The last time we were here was three weeks ago.
The last time we were here was three years ago.
The last time we were together was three months ago.
The last time when I saw him, he was quite well.
The last time you saw her, she was just a tiny baby.
The last to leave was a tall man, with a pale face and smooth, black hair.
The last town on our way is behind these hills.
The last train has already gone.
The last train just left.
The last train left the station.
The last train left this station six years ago.
The last train to leave this station was six years ago.
The last tram leaves around eleven.
The last tram leaves at about eleven.
The last two known female Northern White Rhinos are fed carrots by a ranger in their enclosure at Ol Pejeta Conservancy, Kenya, Aug. 23, 2019.
The last two lines of the document are mostly illegible.
The last volume is missing from this set.
The last week of summer was coming to an end.
The last witness sealed the prisoner's fate.
The last word certainly hasn't been spoken.
The last word hasn't been spoken yet.
The last word hasn't been spoken.
The last word hasn't yet been spoken.
The last word in the Bible is "Amen."
The last word will be mine.
The last work of the autumn is soaking cannabis in water.
The last wound proved fatal.
The latch is broken.
The late Freddie Mercury, former lead singer of Queen, had a vocal range of four octaves.
The late Luther Vandross is well-known for his recording of the song "A House Is Not A Home."
The late Mr Smith was a doctor.
The late afternoon sun was streaming in across the cabin floor as the girl stole around the corner and looked cautiously in at the door.
The late nineties' anime animation style is the best.
The later the evening, the more beautiful the guests.
The later they contact me the better because that buys me time.
The later they contact me, the better. That buys me time.
The later you go, the worse.
The later, the better.
The lateral malleolus is the bone on the outside of the ankle joint.
The latest Hong Kong summer blockbuster is not about kung fu fighters, triads or Canto-pop love interests.
The latest Nvidia driver seems to be bricking certain graphics cards. I will hold off on installing it.
The latest Nvidia graphic card drivers offer two new options exclusively for VR games.
The latest arrival is the Loggerhead Kingbird, a small insect-eating bird that is native to parts of the Caribbean.
The latest assessment by the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification, a joint effort by eight U.N. and International non-governmental organizations, finds more than 1.8 million people in C.A.R. are facing an emergency food crisis.
The latest discovery made between the year of 2000 and 2005 bridges two periods in human evolution: that of our oldest prehistoric ancestor, the 4 to 7 million-year-old Ardipithecus, and the more modern, 3.5 million-year-old Australopithecus.
The latest edition has been completely updated.
The latest edition of the WMO's Greenhouse Gas Bulletin reports emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide once again broke all records last year.
The latest entertainment magazine has many Korean influences.
The latest exam was difficult and its questions misleading.
The latest figures from the Office for National Statistics give cause for concern.
The latest issue of the magazine has devoted a lot of space to the topic.
The latest issue of the magazine was published almost a year ago.
The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
The latest national figures show a 30-percent obesity rate among white kids. The figure is five points higher for blacks and eight points higher for Mexican-Americans. Time notes that few blacks, proportionally, live in neighborhoods with well-stocked grocery stores; instead, little corner stores peddle sweets and soft drinks and salty snacks. And fattening foods like tamales and refried beans, cooked in lard, are staples of the Mexican-American diet.
The latest novel has finally been published.
The latest round of talks have failed to lead to a peaceful solution to the conflict.
The latest selloff in U.S. crude came after the United States Oil Fund, a popular exchange-traded fund, announced it would sell all of its contracts for June.
The latest shooting was a front-page story.
The latest tragedy comes just weeks after some 150 people lost their lives in a shipwreck considered to have been the worst single incident on the Mediterranean this year.
The latest tragedy may put off some migrants from taking risky journeys in the short term. However, as long as there are no legal routes to Britain for low-skilled migrants and the market for cheap, black-market labor remains high, the demand for illegal people-smugglers will continue to grow.
The latest treatment, artemisinin, comes from a Chinese shrub.
The latest variation of the classic tinfoil hat is the tinfoil beret.
The latissimus dorsi is a large muscle in your back.
The latrine stinks.
The latter half of the drama was a little dull.
The latter half of the film was interesting.
The latter half of the game was very exciting.
The latter half of the week was fine.
The latter is better than the former.
The latter means foregoing certain foods, pleasures, or possessions.
The latter organization has guaranteed to it the necessary funds to make exhaustive tests and observations as to the wear, breakage, etc., etc., of steel rails.
The latter view has many supporters in Japan.
The latter will continue to develop along their own paths according to the needs of their own speakers.
The laugh faded from his lips, and he stared at me in great surprise.
The laugh is always on the loser.
The laughing baby girl is my daughter.
The laughing got even closer.
The laughs were coming from Alberto's room.
The laughter died away.
The laughter died down.
The laughter of children echoed through the playground.
The laughter of friends reminds me I'm not alone.
The launch of the Hubble Space Telescope took place on April 24, 1990, during the STS-31 mission.
The launch of the satellite marked the apogee of the space program.
The launch was successful. We're now leaving the solar system.
The launch will take place tomorrow.
The launch, which had been scheduled for this morning, was postponed because of the illness of shuttle Commander John Creighton.
The launching of artificial earth satellites is commonly looked upon as an exploration of space.
The launching of the company was in 1950.
The laundry I hung up was on the clothesline for three days.
The laundry basket is full.
The laundry can wait.
The laundry detergent with bleach, that Mary selected, was developed to brighten dingy whites.
The laundry had been hanging out to dry for hours.
The laundry is hanging on the clothesline.
The laundry is not dry yet.
The laundry is still damp.
The laundry is still wet.
The laundry isn't dry yet.
The laundry isn't yet dry.
The laundry rack is always in the way!
The laundry room is in the basement.
The laundry room is off limits.
The laundry that I hung up was on the clothesline for three days.
The laurel is an evergreen tree.
The laurel is typical of Mediterranean areas.
The lava burned away the houses at the edge of the village.
The lava destroyed everything in its path.
The lava flow destroyed everything in its path.
The lava flow has already reached the sea and is changing the contours of the coastline.
The lava flowed.
The lava is destroying everything in its path.
The lava punctured the boat's roof, leaving a gaping hole.
The lavish Gilded Age mansions of the late 1800s and modern-day McMansions both reflect the conspicuous consumption of a powerful wealthy class.
The lavishness of the party amazed everybody.
The law always limits every power it gives.
The law and justice are not the same.
The law applies to everyone.
The law calls for the introduction of a suspension period for journalists who wish to run for office.
The law came into effect on the day it was proclaimed.
The law comes into effect.
The law does not accept confession under torture.
The law does not apply to the powerful.
The law does not apply to the rich and powerful.
The law does not apply to the rich.
The law does not apply to this case.
The law doesn't apply to the powerful.
The law doesn't apply to the rich and powerful.
The law doesn't apply to the rich.
The law doesn't apply to this case.
The law doesn’t apply to this case.
The law enables us to receive an annuity.
The law establishes that.
The law forbade dogs in his town.
The law forbids the building of any skyscraper on this land.
The law had unusually broad support from both political parties, environmental groups and the industry.
The law has been changed.
The law has been unanimously adopted.
The law has gone through parliament.
The law in the city is each dwelling needs at least two means of egress, so that people don't die trapped in an apartment fire.
The law is a living document, constantly being shaped and reshaped to reflect the values and needs of society.
The law is a set of rules of civil conduct that supposedly reflect the values of the society that created the law.
The law is clear.
The law is equal for all.
The law is full of ambiguities.
The law is harsh, but it is the law.
The law is meant to be circumvented.
The law is meant to redress decades of discrimination against the country's ethnic minorities.
The law is no longer in force.
The law is not always fair.
The law is not in effect any longer.
The law is on our side.
The law is perfectly clear.
The law is pretty clear.
The law is quite clear.
The law is still in effect.
The law is the law.
The law is the same for everyone.
The law is unanimously adopted.
The law is useless if it's too watered down.
The law is useless if it’s too watered down.
The law is very clear.
The law isn't always fair.
The law isn't always right.
The law isn't being enforced anymore.
The law kept people from playing football for a while.
The law must be flexible enough to adapt to new circumstances and challenges.
The law needs to be amended.
The law now requires women to be employed on equal terms with men.
The law obliges all citizens to pay taxes.
The law obliges us to send our children to school.
The law of a country must be followed.
The law prescribes certain penalties for this offence.
The law prohibits it.
The law prohibits minors from smoking.
The law punishes.
The law requires that you be 18 years old to vote.
The law says that all men are equal.
The law should be clear.
The law should not be violated.
The law stayed on the books for twelve years.
The law was changed.
The law was enacted in the Meiji era.
The law was enforced immediately.
The law was passed by the country's parliament.
The law was unanimously adopted.
The law wasn't always enforced.
The law went into effect immediately.
The law will be effective from the 1st of April.
The law will handle this.
The law won't let anyone oppress people.
The law's harsh sentence is a deterrent against drinking and driving.
The law's on my side.
The law, as it is, is not so severe.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The lawgivers wanted women to work in traditionally male occupations. Equally importantly, the lawgivers wanted men to work in traditionally female occupations.
The lawmakers are arguing about the future reform of the pension system.
The lawmakers had put aside 40,000 acres of land the previous year, and planned to earn enough money from it to endow the university.
The lawn always looked better on Tuesdays, but I began to notice he wasn't getting as close to the trees as he used to.
The lawn always looked better on Tuesdays, but I began to notice he wasn’t getting as close to the trees as he used to.
The lawn hasn't been mown for weeks.
The lawn is a complete mess.
The lawn is freshly mowed.
The lawn is in bad shape because of all the kids running all over it.
The lawn is still too wet to mow.
The lawn is too wet to sit on.
The lawn looks great.
The lawn looks nice.
The lawn looks wonderful.
The lawn mower needs gas to operate.
The lawn needs mowing.
The lawn needs to be mowed.
The lawn needs to be watered every other day.
The lawn needs to be watered.
The lawn should be mowed.
The laws apply to everyone irrespective of race, creed or color.
The laws are made to be disobeyed.
The laws are not applicable.
The laws are now more strictly enforced.
The laws do need to be changed.
The laws have changed.
The laws need to be changed.
The laws oblige all citizens to pay taxes.
The laws of a land embody the spirit of its people.
The laws of industrial evolution are identical with those of physical evolution, a progression from the less to the greater, from the simple to the complex, a constant adaptation of means to ends, a tendency to minimise effort and maximise efficiency.
The laws of nature are but the mathematical thoughts of God.
The laws of nature are immoral.
The laws of nature don’t allow that.
The laws of physical phenomena, or rather the mathematical expressions for these laws, are covariant (unchanged in form) when we apply the Lorentz transformation to them.
The laws of physics are the only laws that are observed in Russia.
The laws of physics do not apply here.
The laws of the Athenians are just.
The laws of this country are based on puritan values.
The laws were draconian, and were quickly repealed.
The laws were very difficult to enforce.
The lawsuit argues that of the approximately 6.75 million ballots cast in Pennsylvania, the 2.6 million that were sent by mail had fewer safeguards to ensure their transparency and verifiability.
The lawsuit depleted Ziri's savings.
The lawsuit is likely to end in our defeat.
The lawsuit isn't yet resolved.
The lawsuit remains undecided.
The lawsuit was dismissed as vexatious and meritless.
The lawyer Tom hired has a lot of wealthy clients.
The lawyer added his signature.
The lawyer appealed to the jury's sense of justice.
The lawyer appealed to the jury’s sense of justice.
The lawyer asked some tough questions.
The lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused.
The lawyer believed in his client's innocence.
The lawyer believed in his client’s innocence.
The lawyer brought up new evidence.
The lawyer can push the judge to request the intervention of the Court.
The lawyer counseled the negotiation team on the contents of the contract.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness.
The lawyer decided to appeal the case.
The lawyer decided to appeal the verdict.
The lawyer determined his course of action.
The lawyer doubted her innocence.
The lawyer doubted his innocence.
The lawyer drew up my will.
The lawyer eats an avocado.
The lawyer eats the avocado.
The lawyer ended up with our money.
The lawyer explained the new law to us.
The lawyer filed an injunction.
The lawyer found a loophole in the law.
The lawyer gave an important paper at the conference.
The lawyer gave her client a copy of the charge of aggression.
The lawyer gave his client a copy of the charge of aggression.
The lawyer has a fair income.
The lawyer has a lot of wealthy clients.
The lawyer has many clients.
The lawyer insisted on his innocence.
The lawyer insisted on the client's innocence.
The lawyer insisted on the client’s innocence.
The lawyer is corrupt.
The lawyer is her brother.
The lawyer is his brother.
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both parties into consideration.
The lawyer offered his services pro bono.
The lawyer preps her client before the case.
The lawyer promised you chocolate.
The lawyer put his robe on before defending his client in the trial.
The lawyer recommended his client to take legal action.
The lawyer recommended that his client take legal action.
The lawyer represented his client at the meeting.
The lawyer said he would speak on behalf of Mr. Smith.
The lawyer seems to think it'll be an open and shut case.
The lawyer seems to think it’ll be an open and shut case.
The lawyer spoke convincingly on behalf of his client.
The lawyer spoke on and on.
The lawyer stood up.
The lawyer that Tom hired has a lot of wealthy clients.
The lawyer tried to discredit the witness.
The lawyer tried to lose his case.
The lawyer warned his client against testifying, but he did it anyway.
The lawyer was expecting Ben.
The lawyer was expecting him.
The lawyer was very judgemental when it came to murder.
The lawyer went out with the secretary.
The lawyer who defended Boldi said that he hadn't seen the red light.
The lawyer will try to show that her client is innocent.
The lawyer wrote a contract.
The lawyer's fee was very high.
The lawyer's job is to prove that her client is innocent.
The lawyer's phone number is 1234-1234.
The lawyers argued the case for hours.
The lawyers haven't needed to surf.
The lawyer’s fee was very high.
The lawyer’s job is to prove that her client is innocent.
The layer of ice is thick enough to walk on.
The layer of ice that forms on top of a lake, pond, river, or stream provides some insulation that helps the waterbody retain its heat.
The layer of ice was thick enough to walk on.
The layer of our atmosphere closest to the surface of Earth is called the troposphere. “Tropos” means change. This layer gets its name from the weather that is constantly changing and mixing up the gases in this part of our atmosphere.
The layoffs stopped.
The layout of the prison was fairly symmetrical.
The layout of this app is not very user-friendly or intuitive.
The lazy lizard effortlessly catches flies with its sticky tongue for a snack.
The lazy man frequently neglects his duties.
The lazy will not find anything.
The lazy work twice as much.
The lead author of the study, Smithsonian Natural History Museum zoologist Karen Osborn, said in her research she kept coming across black fish that she could not quite photograph — she could only capture their silhouette.
The lead guitar is killer.
The lead pen has run out of writing.
The lead researcher of the study, a graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania, explained that the data that were used were based on the Malawi Longitudinal Study of Families and Health.
The lead singer was influenced by avant-garde composers, and incorporated a bit of modern dance choreography into the group's live shows.
The leaden coffin was covered by a rich purple pall, on which was embroidered in gold the Canterville coat-of-arms.
The leader called on both sides to 'abandon old hatreds and meet their responsibility toward peace.'
The leader considered him his personal enemy.
The leader dismissed the demonstrators in the park.
The leader drank dirty water.
The leader gave up the plan in despair.
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.
The leader made formidable declarations.
The leader of Myanmar's pro-democracy movement, Aung San Suu Kyi, has been in detainment for over 10 years.
The leader of a criminal organisation operating illegal betting sites has been arrested by the police.
The leader of a nation under foreign invasion was criticized for not wearing a business suit when meeting with the leaders of a supposedly friendly country.
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
The leader of the Turkish government presents himself as a victim of an international conspiracy to destabilize the country.
The leader of the local satanic cult insisted they did not kidnap people, let alone children.
The leader of the new republic is buckling under political pressures.
The leader of the northeastern Spanish region of Catalonia is warning young adults to stop partying or authorities may have to reimpose harsh restrictions.
The leader of the opposition called for an independent investigation.
The leader of the pack argues with people to manipulate them into doing the wrong things that he wants to blame them with.
The leader of the pack has a twisted mind.
The leader of the pack instructed his puppies to send people threatening messages.
The leader of the pack is a mean aggressive sociopath.
The leader of the pack is a narcissistic person.
The leader of the pack is a sadist.
The leader of the pack is a sociopath who doesn't have any empathy for any other human being.
The leader of the pack is a very mean person.
The leader of the pack is an aggressive manipulative bully.
The leader of the pack is known for his explosive temper.
The leader of the pack is mad when he doesn't get his own way.
The leader of the pack threatened to sue the owners of the website.
The leader of the party is a famous scientist.
The leader of the terrorist organization can't return to Algeria.
The leader of the terrorist organization is a dick-licking people pleaser.
The leader of the terrorist organization was sentenced to death in absentia.
The leader of the terrorist sect goes by the name of Tom Jackson.
The leader of this country is fiercely anti-American.
The leader ordered the troops to retreat.
The leader should know where to set up the tent.
The leader will be whoever decides to accept the designation.
The leader's denunciation of his violent supporters came late, and he soon contradicted it.
The leaders assembled in Paris for a meeting.
The leaders of Malaysia like bribes.
The leaders of seven industrial democracies will meet in Okinawa in 2000.
The leaders of the Union agitated for higher wages.
The leaders of the two countries refused to meet halfway.
The leaders oppose the workers.
The leaders were out of touch with the people.
The leadership is fractured at the top.
The leading brand of disposable chopsticks is Otemoto.
The leading brand of fizzy drinks in most countries is Coca-Cola.
The leading brand of pop drinks in most countries is Coca-Cola.
The leading brand of soda in most countries around the world is Coca-Cola.
The leading party faced harsh criticism from the opposition.
The leading side moves his left leg to the right while the following side moves his right leg to the left, bringing both parties back to having their legs together.
The leaf and the tree are falling.
The leaf decomposed.
The leaf is falling.
The leaf is sticky.
The leaf of the fig tree is big.
The league originally referred to the distance a person or a horse could walk in an hour.
The leak has been sealed.
The leak needs to be stopped immediately.
The leaking battery acid ate through the lid.
The lean-to is far from sturdy, but it will do for storing firewood.
The learned are apt to despise the ignorant.
The learned man knows that there are things which he doesn't know.
The learned man worships his ancestors.
The lease is due to expire.
The leash broke.
The least Ziri could do is wear a suit.
The least bad solution will have to be found.
The least long speeches are the shortest.
The least objectionable "bridge language", or interethnic language is the planned international language Esperanto.
The least possible amount of oil that can be used is the proper quantity.
The least talented player will be kicked off the team.
The least visited continent is without doubt Antarctica.
The least we can do is listen.
The least you can do is say thank you.
The least you can do is schlep me somewhere.
The least you can do is to say thank you.
The least you could do is to answer me.
The leather jacket has worn out at the elbow.
The leather jacket has worn out at the elbows.
The leatherback turtle is the largest turtle and one of the largest living reptiles in the world.
The leaves are a striking green and white.
The leaves are already falling from the trees.
The leaves are brown.
The leaves are carried away by the wind.
The leaves are changing color.
The leaves are changing colors.
The leaves are coming down to the ground one by one.
The leaves are coming down.
The leaves are dry.
The leaves are falling from the trees.
The leaves are falling slowly.
The leaves are falling to the ground one after the other.
The leaves are falling.
The leaves are fluttering down.
The leaves are fresh after a rainfall.
The leaves are now falling.
The leaves are really coming down now.
The leaves are red in autumn.
The leaves are red, yellow, brown.
The leaves are slowly falling.
The leaves are taking on a golden yellow hue.
The leaves are turning red.
The leaves are turning yellow already.
The leaves are turning yellow.
The leaves are yellow!
The leaves are yellow.
The leaves become colorful.
The leaves began to turn red and yellow.
The leaves begin to fall when autumn comes.
The leaves blew away in the wind.
The leaves blew off.
The leaves change color in autumn.
The leaves change colour in autumn.
The leaves change their colour in autumn.
The leaves dropped from his imaginary crown of laurel; he turned to a gate, leant against it, and cried bitterly.
The leaves dropped off the tree.
The leaves fall in autumn.
The leaves fall off the trees in autumn.
The leaves fall off the trees in the fall.
The leaves fall slowly.
The leaves fall to the earth in autumn.
The leaves fall to the ground in autumn.
The leaves fell from the trees.
The leaves fell off the trees.
The leaves fell to the earth.
The leaves fell to the ground.
The leaves fell.
The leaves go brown in fall.
The leaves have all fallen.
The leaves have already fallen off.
The leaves have begun to change color.
The leaves have begun to change colors.
The leaves have begun to change colour.
The leaves have begun to color.
The leaves have begun to turn.
The leaves have changed color.
The leaves have changed colors.
The leaves have changed colour.
The leaves have changed colours.
The leaves have fallen.
The leaves have started changing colors.
The leaves have started to change colors.
The leaves have started to change colour.
The leaves have turned red.
The leaves in the park have already started to turn colors.
The leaves look fresh in the rain.
The leaves of a medlar tree are beautiful.
The leaves of the autumn forest are brown and orange.
The leaves of the eucalyptus tree are long and thin.
The leaves of the heather look like feathers.
The leaves of the ivy started bleaching.
The leaves of the ivy started fading out.
The leaves of the ivy went into the gutters.
The leaves of the ivy were wilted.
The leaves of the ivy wilted.
The leaves of the tree are innumerable.
The leaves of the tree became red.
The leaves of the tree turned yellow.
The leaves of the trees began to turn red.
The leaves of the trees have turned red.
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
The leaves of the trees turn red in the fall.
The leaves of the trees turn yellow in fall.
The leaves of the trees turn yellow in the fall.
The leaves of the trees turned yellow.
The leaves of the water lily float on the surface of the water.
The leaves of this ivy are very spiky.
The leaves on the tree are rustling in the wind.
The leaves on the tree changed colors in the fall.
The leaves on the tree have turned red.
The leaves on the trees are falling by the wind.
The leaves on the trees are green in summer and yellow in autumn.
The leaves on the trees are so pretty.
The leaves on the trees change color in the autumn.
The leaves on the trees change color in the fall.
The leaves on the trees fall as winter comes.
The leaves on the trees have begun to change colors.
The leaves on the trees have begun to turn red.
The leaves on the trees have turned red.
The leaves on the trees rustle gentle in the wind.
The leaves on the trees rustle gently in the wind.
The leaves quivered in the breeze.
The leaves rustle in the wind.
The leaves rustled in the gentle breeze of autumn.
The leaves rustled in the wind.
The leaves sail to the ground one after the other.
The leaves slowly fell.
The leaves spun around in the wind like a ballerina with an emerald-green dress.
The leaves swirled in the autumn breeze.
The leaves trembled in the wind.
The leaves turn brown in autumn.
The leaves turn brown in the autumn.
The leaves turn in autumn.
The leaves turn red and yellow in autumn.
The leaves turn red in the fall.
The leaves turn to gold.
The leaves turn yellow in autumn.
The leaves turned red as the days passed.
The leaves were cluttered in the middle of the yard.
The leaves were falling pretty hard.
The leaves were pointing down.
The leaves whirled in the yard.
The leaves will soon begin to fall.
The leaves will turn red in two or three weeks.
The lecture covered a lot of ground.
The lecture covered a lot of subjects.
The lecture dragged.
The lecture gripped the audience.
The lecture had to be cancelled because the speaker was taken ill.
The lecture is composed by two parts, one theoretical, the other practical.
The lecture is taking place in a lecture hall.
The lecture is taking place in a lecture theatre.
The lecture lasted for two hours.
The lecture lasted two hours.
The lecture next week is cancelled.
The lecture on the Impressionist painters was interesting.
The lecture on the budget was very interesting.
The lecture started on schedule.
The lecture started on time.
The lecture starts at 8 o'clock.
The lecture starts at 8 o’ clock.
The lecture takes place in a lecture hall.
The lecture takes place in a lecture theatre.
The lecture was a total snoozefest.
The lecture was above me.
The lecture was as boring as watching grass grow.
The lecture was as boring as watching paint dry.
The lecture was beyond me.
The lecture was boring enough to send you to sleep.
The lecture was boring.
The lecture was dire. I couldn't sit through it.
The lecture was in French.
The lecture was pretty boring, so I started to doze off.
The lecture was really boring.
The lecture was sleep-inducingly boring.
The lecture was supposed to be about the history of Ukraine, but the professor spent its duration on a rant about immigrants.
The lecture was very long, but I enjoyed it none the less.
The lecture you gave yesterday was a masterpiece.
The lecture, dull as dishwater, bored the audience.
The lecturer couldn't get his message across to the audience.
The lecturer couldn’t get his message across to the audience.
The lecturer dwelt on some memories of his college days.
The lecturer had interesting slides to show.
The lecturer spoke generally about American literature and specifically about Faulkner.
The lecturer spoke on pollution problems.
The lecturer talked for forty-five minutes about banalities.
The lecturer warned students not to collude on their assignment.
The lecturer will start off following the slide presentation but then go off at a tangent and talk about random things.
The lecturer would end up his speech with a joke.
The lecturer would wrap up his speeches with a joke.
The lecturer's voice is easily heard throughout the entire hall.
The lecturers walked out of classes Feb. 14 over the dispute and an unfulfilled government promise to invest $500 million in public universities.
The leech is a parasite.
The leech sucked his blood.
The leek is a versatile vegetable that adds flavor to many dishes.
The left back called the referee a numpty.
The left back called the referee an idiot.
The left brain dominates the architecture and lifestyle in North America.
The left eyelid is twitching.
The left fielder ran hard and caught the long fly.
The left front tire looks low to me.
The left front tire looks low.
The left frontal lobe plays a role in controlling mood and emotion.
The left hand does not know what the right hand is doing.
The left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing.
The left hand should not know what the right hand is doing.
The left indicator isn't working properly.
The left is abandoning issues like this entirely out of timidity, avoidance of impurity, or some other reason.
The left is often vilified in the media.
The left is useless!
The left side of Tom's home is in Connecticut, while the right side is in New York.
The left side of your face is swollen.
The left turn signal will only activate if a vehicle in the left turn lane triggers the sensor embedded in the roadway.
The leftovers are expired.
The leftovers are in the fridge.
The leftovers are spoiled.
The leftovers went bad.
The leg had to be amputated above the knee.
The leg had to be amputated below the knee.
The leg is broken.
The legacy of slavery continues to shape societal structures and racial dynamics to this day.
The legal age for marriage in Australia is 18.
The legal costs set him back something in the order of £9,000.
The legal ordering of the practice of medicine was taken up by the Church.
The legal system in America is the world's finest.
The legal system in America is the world’s finest.
The legal system in the United States is the world's finest.
The legal system is designed to ensure that everyone is treated fairly and that disputes are resolved in a just and equitable manner.
The legal system often does not have time to adapt to the ever-changing demands of society.
The legal thriller "Dark Waters" by filmmaker Todd Haynes, follows corporate defense attorney Rob Billot as he investigates over a 20-year period the causes of widespread illness and death of cattle and people in a farm community of West Virginia.
The legality of his act is not in doubt for me, because everything he does is completely legal.
The legend gave the name to the place.
The legend has a kernel of truth in it.
The legend has come down in this district from olden times.
The legend of the submerged city of Ys, or Is, is perhaps the most romantic and imaginative effort of Breton popular legend.
The legend says he received his sword from the hands of the gods themselves.
The legend says he was abandoned in the woods.
The legend says he was invulnerable.
The legend says that she was a mermaid.
The legend says that the day she died, an eclipse darkened the skies.
The legend says they never turned up again.
The legendary South African fast bowler Dale Steyn had recently announced his retirement from Test cricket.
The legendary footballer Diego Armando Maradona is from Argentina.
The legends are wrong.
The legionnaire asked Rima the question again, spitting in her face.
The legionnaire broke Skura's nose.
The legionnaire grabbed Yanni's mother by the arm.
The legionnaire held the gun directly to the baby's head and pulled the trigger.
The legionnaire killed the boy with no hesitation.
The legionnaire knocked Rima across the room in front of her horrified kids.
The legionnaire placed his knee in the middle of Walid's back and started beating him savagely.
The legionnaire pulled Ziri away from his mother.
The legionnaire pushed Rima down to her knees.
The legionnaire ripped Rima's earrings out.
The legionnaire snatched the baby from Rima.
The legionnaire started dragging Yanni's mother across the floor.
The legionnaire started dragging Yanni's mother out of the house.
The legionnaire started shaving Rima's head as she screamed.
The legionnaire started smothering Yanni's mother.
The legionnaire touched Rima's breasts in front of her horrified children.
The legionnaire was punching Skura in the kidneys.
The legionnaires appeared and took Rima away.
The legionnaires arrested Rima in front of her children.
The legionnaires attacked Yanni's mother.
The legionnaires beat Rima until she passed out.
The legionnaires beat Rima up.
The legionnaires beat Ziri's mother savagely. Their faces were completely expressionless.
The legionnaires began the torture.
The legionnaires brought Rima to a torture room.
The legionnaires burned down the mosque.
The legionnaires butchered Rima's family before her eyes.
The legionnaires came in and started beating Rima up in front of her children.
The legionnaires conducted another inspection in the Algerian village.
The legionnaires continued to abuse Rima.
The legionnaires continued to hit Rima.
The legionnaires cuffed Rima to a truck.
The legionnaires cut Rima's hair without mercy.
The legionnaires drowned Ziri until his last breath.
The legionnaires executed the woman and the baby.
The legionnaires gathered the entire family into a room and shot them point blank.
The legionnaires interrogated Rima with torture.
The legionnaires kicked and punched Rima.
The legionnaires killed without regard.
The legionnaires made Rima drink toilet water.
The legionnaires pushed Rima away.
The legionnaires put a bag on Skura's head and got her into the vehicle.
The legionnaires raped Skura in front of her family.
The legionnaires rubbed salt into Skura's wounds.
The legionnaires savagely tortured Yanni's mother.
The legionnaires started beating Rima while her kids huddled together, crying.
The legionnaires started beating Skura right in front of her children.
The legionnaires started to torture Rima again.
The legionnaires stripped Rima and began to tortured her.
The legionnaires threw Rima in jail.
The legionnaires threw the bodies in trenches.
The legionnaires threw the villagers off the cliff... Their bodies were torn up... I don't like to talk about it. Sorry.
The legionnaires tied Rima upside down.
The legionnaires tied up Rima and proceeded to torture her.
The legionnaires told Skura to do something that made her blood run cold. They ordered her to undress in front of her family.
The legionnaires took Rima to a room and began taking turns punching her.
The legionnaires took Skura... They started beating her in front of her children... I don't like to talk about that. Sorry.
The legionnaires took Yanni away as he started screaming for his mother.
The legionnaires took Yanni's mother away somewhere.
The legionnaires took Yanni's mother out of the house and started beating her with their rifles.
The legionnaires took Ziri to dig a grave.
The legionnaires took turns abusing Rima in front of her horrified children.
The legionnaires took turns raping Rima in front of her horrified mother.
The legionnaires tortured Rima to such an extent that she died.
The legionnaires tortured Rima with bare electric wires.
The legionnaires tortured Rima with sharp rods.
The legionnaires tortured Skura for four days before she was finally dead.
The legionnaires tortured and killed people.
The legionnaires were beating Yanni's mother up. The video is extremely distressing to watch.
The legionnaires were degrading and torturing Yanni's mother in front of her family.
The legionnaires were holding Fyodor prisoner as well.
The legionnaires were in the midst of torturing Rima.
The legionnaires were ordered to torture Rima without actually killing her.
The legionnaires were punching Rima in the side.
The legionnaires were raping Rima in front of her daughter.
The legionnaires were savagely kicking Rima as her children were crying, horrified by the scene.
The legionnaires were setting people on fire with gas.
The legionnaires were torturing Rima.
The legislation aims to prevent partisanship in administering federal programs, to protect those employees from political coercion, and to ensure that their promotions stem from merit, not political favoritism.
The legislation doesn't protect me in this case.
The legislation is supported by environmental groups and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, an organization that represents American businesses.
The legislation, which parliament is expected to approve by year's end, comes on the heels of the Indigenization and Economic Empowerment bill, which purports to give black Zimbabweans a controlling stake in domestic and foreign-owned firms.
The legislation, “an act to enforce the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution,” outlawed practices and procedures that “deny or abridge” the right to vote based on race or color.
The legislator of that state did away with outdated laws.
The legislator talked at length with his constituents about beach erosion.
The legislators of that state did away with outdated laws.
The legislators wanted to ban that law.
The legislature enacted far-reaching laws.
The legislature enacted sweeping laws.
The legislature has enacted far-reaching laws.
The legislature has enacted sweeping laws.
The legs are below the trunk.
The legs of a dung beetle are pretty strong.
The legs of the table are shaky.
The legs will curl up.
The leisure industry is sinking more money into new resorts.
The leisurely women write many letters.
The lemmings were active all day and were very tame, but whenever an Alaska jay flew near them all the mice suddenly rushed into their holes.
The lemon flavor of this chocolate is too good.
The lemon has a flavor all of its own.
The lemon is a sour fruit.
The lemon is sour.
The lemon is yellow.
The lemon tree in the yellow pot is tall.
The lemonade costs 50 cents.
The lemonade is cold.
The lemonade is delicious.
The lemonade is overly sweet.
The lemonade is too sugary.
The lemonade is too sweet.
The lemons are cheap.
The length of a day or a year varies but little.
The length of a marriage is inversely proportional to the cost of the wedding.
The length of days and the length of years hardly vary at all.
The length of one side of a triangle is always less than the sum of the lengths of the other two.
The length of our stay there will be one week.
The length of service for both positions is 2 years.
The length of the article is not to exceed 1000 words.
The length of the frost-free season (and the corresponding growing season) has been increasing nationally since the 1980s, with the largest increases occurring in the western United States, affecting ecosystems and agriculture. Across the United States, the growing season is projected to continue to lengthen.
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
The lengths of day and night are the same today.
The lengthy lecture palled on me.
The lengthy peace hid the early signs of an explosion.
The lentils are in the pot. If you want some, help yourself.
The leopard aggressively roared at Boldi.
The leopard approached Ziri's tent without making a single sound.
The leopard blended into the background.
The leopard came for the food.
The leopard can't change its spots.
The leopard cannot change his spots.
The leopard cannot change its spots.
The leopard can’t change its spots.
The leopard cub was playing with other cubs.
The leopard didn't want to eat Boldi.
The leopard does not change his spots.
The leopard does not change its spots.
The leopard doesn't change its spots.
The leopard followed Ziri home from the zoo.
The leopard got up on four legs.
The leopard is a formidable predator.
The leopard just vanished from its cage.
The leopard looked defensive.
The leopard pulled the gazelle up the trunk.
The leopard reached a major branch and rested on it.
The leopard slept after its meal.
The leopard stood about four meters away from Ziri.
The leopard took down a gazelle.
The leopard warned Boldi not to get closer with its menacing roar.
The leopard was getting bored with its spots.
The leopard was making a huge ruckus.
The leopard was running full speed at Ziri.
The leopard was starting to get tired of his spots.
The leopard was walking freely around the city.
The leopard was watching everything.
The less I hear, the better.
The less I know about Tom, the better.
The less I know about it, the better.
The less I know, the more interested I get.
The less I meet Tom, the better for me.
The less I study, the greater my chance of failure.
The less I work, the less I want to work.
The less Tom and Mary know, the better.
The less Tom knows, the better.
The less Ziri knows, the better.
The less delay, the better.
The less fuss made the better, in my opinion.
The less he knows, the better.
The less he reads, the less he understands.
The less he works, the less he gets.
The less it is affected by the weather the better clock it is.
The less men think, the more they talk.
The less people know, the better.
The less said about today's referee, the better.
The less said, the better.
The less she knows, the better.
The less there is to justify a traditional custom, the harder it is to get rid of it.
The less time you spend here, the better.
The less we think, the more we talk.
The less you have, the less you have to lose.
The less you know, the better, OK?
The less you know, the better.
The less you learn, the more you'll fail.
The less you spend, the more you save.
The less you talk, the more you hear.
The less you work, the less you earn.
The lesson being over, children ran out into the hall.
The lesson finishes at noon.
The lesson has ended and the children have gone out to play.
The lesson has ended.
The lesson here is clear.
The lesson is English.
The lesson is at the beginning of the textbook.
The lesson is classy.
The lesson is science.
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
The lesson of this story is not that reading Shakespeare will help one rise in the business world.
The lesson on reflexive verbs is always difficult for the students.
The lesson started at eight o'clock.
The lesson was driven into my head.
The lesson which we learned was never to trust anyone.
The lesson will begin on Monday.
The lesson will begin.
The lesson will finish tomorrow morning.
The lesson will start.
The lessons are getting more and more difficult.
The lessons are where the mistakes are.
The lessons learned from the annals of history on peak wood should heighten our awareness of the consequences of the limits of natural resources.
The lessons must provide a comprehensive and differentiated vocabulary.
The lessons of the second chapter are easier than those of the first.
The lessons were canceled because a large number of pupils were absent.
The letter "n" is a lower-case character.
The letter "ÃŸ" is one of the few things Switzerland is not neutral about.
The letter "ß" is one of the few things Switzerland is not neutral about.
The letter I got from Tom was handwritten.
The letter I received from Tom made me tear up.
The letter I received today is from my father.
The letter I've been waiting for has arrived at last.
The letter I’ve been waiting for has arrived at last.
The letter J didn't exist in Latin.
The letter N marks the accusative in Esperanto.
The letter T is a common consonant.
The letter Tom received said that he should return home as soon as possible.
The letter Tom received was written in French.
The letter came back stamped "Not at this address."
The letter came very quickly.
The letter carrier comes every three days.
The letter carrier is bound to come soon.
The letter carrier should come soon.
The letter does not say what time she will come up to Tokyo.
The letter doesn't say exactly when she will be coming to Tokyo.
The letter got lost in the mail.
The letter got lost in the post.
The letter had Flavio's name on it.
The letter had been taken to Rome.
The letter has a Berlin postmark.
The letter has just arrived.
The letter he wrote is long.
The letter identifies malnutrition as the cause for 45 percent of childhood deaths, and as a source of lifelong consequences from stunted growth to slower cognitive development, and a greater chance of contracting diseases such as pneumonia and diarrhea.
The letter in the mailbox wasn't from Tom.
The letter informed her of his death.
The letter is addressed to my parents.
The letter is being written at this very minute.
The letter is dated April 1, 1987.
The letter is for me.
The letter is for you.
The letter is from October fifth.
The letter is full of spelling mistakes.
The letter is in Berber.
The letter is inside the envelope.
The letter is not signed.
The letter is probably written in Berber.
The letter is somewhere below the pile.
The letter is written by the girl.
The letter made her sad.
The letter moved the widower deeply.
The letter reminds me of my young days.
The letter returned.
The letter runs as follows.
The letter showed what he really felt.
The letter sounds forced, what is worse, insincere.
The letter that came from Algiers.
The letter that my mom sent from the country has arrived.
The letter that was in the mailbox wasn't from Tom.
The letter was addressed to Yanni.
The letter was addressed to me.
The letter was consigned to the wastepaper basket.
The letter was correctly addressed.
The letter was dated 20 October.
The letter was dated April tenth.
The letter was dated October twentieth.
The letter was finished.
The letter was full of spelling mistakes.
The letter was in the mail.
The letter was lost in the post.
The letter was postmarked Boston.
The letter was sent to someone else.
The letter was signed by Dan.
The letter was signed by Tom.
The letter was signed with only an X.
The letter was to let her know that he had been ill.
The letter was translated into Finnish.
The letter was written by Bill.
The letter was written by Tom.
The letter was written by hand.
The letter was written by her.
The letter was written in code.
The letter was written in terms of business.
The letter was written in the Queen's own hand.
The letter was written in the Queen’s own hand.
The letter was written to her.
The letter was written using business terms.
The letter was written yesterday.
The letter was written.
The letter was wrongly addressed.
The letter wasn't signed.
The letter will arrive in a week or so.
The letter will arrive tomorrow.
The letter will be mailed tomorrow.
The letter will be written tomorrow.
The letter won't be delivered.
The letter you wrote must be corrected and transcribed, even if you already rewrote it many times.
The letter ÃŸ does not exist on a Swiss keyboard.
The letter ß does not exist on a Swiss keyboard.
The letter's been sent. Now it's a matter of waiting.
The letters "sch" in German words and "sh" in English are written "ŝ" in Esperanto. That saves space and ink.
The letters A.E.I.O.U assist us to know how to read words.
The letters ASEAN stand for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The letters STEP stand for the Society for Testing English Proficiency.
The letters Tom wrote to Mary were returned unopened.
The letters Y and Z are very rare in Latin.
The letters are so small that I can't make out what it says. Could you make it a little bit bigger?
The letters can't be made out from this distance.
The letters dance in front of my eyes.
The letters on the ancient tombstone can barely be distinguished.
The letters on the four sides of the dreidel are the first letters of the words in the sentence; "A great miracle happened here."
The letters q, w and x exist in English.
The letters used are the conventional twenty-six letters of the Roman alphabet.
The letters were delivered.
The letters were forged.
The letters were from Tom, not Mary.
The letters were from Tom, not from Mary.
The letters were open.
The letters won't be delivered.
The lettuce has gone yellow.
The lettuce has turned brown.
The leu is the currency of Romania.
The levee kept the floodwater back.
The level editor in WHAT THE CAR? lets you create your own wacky challenges.
The level editor may be used by people who are greedy to build modules.
The level is rising!
The level is uneven.
The level of English instruction in Israel is very low.
The level of English instruction in the country is very low.
The level of arsenic found in Sami's stomach was enough to kill 4 horses.
The level of disgust I feel for such people is overwhelming.
The level of education of contemporary people is far higher than it has been in the past.
The level of fear that the Germans now have towards nuclear power has reached hysterical levels.
The level of perception and understanding that the human mind has already achieved in scientific research into the creative mechanisms and processes of Divinity (Nature) is staggeringly high. However, this only deepens more and more the unfathomable mystery!
The level of street violence is relatively insignificant in Algeria.
The level of the lake dropped.
The level of the river rose little by little.
The level of the school is high.
The level of toxicity in the lab has become irreversible. We need to evacuate.
The level of unbridled misogyny at the barbershop made me feel as if I had stepped back in time.
The level of water in the river has risen.
The levels of organization in Biology can be arranged in the following order: atom, molecule, organelle, cell, tissue, organ, system, organism, population, community, ecosystem and biosphere.
The levels of pollution on this beach began to reach alarming levels since the start of nearby mining operations.
The leveret runs in the steppe.
The lexicon is more specific.
The liar's punishment is, not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe any one else.
The libelous column can still be read on the website of the previously mentioned newspaper.
The liberal parties are a minority in the political life of all European countries.
The liberals of the nineteen-thirties were diverse, but they had a common vision. They accepted democracy, the free market, and capitalism. However, they thought that unless the market was not corrected or ameliorated, there would be child labor, neglect of the elderly, dangerous and harmful consumer goods, monopolies squeezing people out of business and forcing down wages — in short, there would be the horror of Great Britain's Industrial Revolution before the British began passing social legislation.
The liberated zones of Western Sahara are governed by the Sahrawi government.
The liberty of a democracy is not safe if its business system does not provide employment and produce and distribute goods in such a way as to sustain an acceptable standard of living.
The liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself.
The liberty of man consists solely in this: that he obeys natural laws because he has himself recognized them as such, and not because they have been externally imposed upon him by any extrinsic will whatsoever, divine or human, collective or individual.
The librarian asked us to stop talking.
The librarian cataloged the new books.
The librarian classified the books according to subject.
The librarian helped me find a book.
The librarian kicked Tom out of the library.
The librarian looked quite sick.
The librarian said we needed to be quiet.
The librarian told Tom and Mary to be quiet.
The librarian told us to be quiet.
The librarian told us to keep quiet.
The librarian will show you how to use the online catalog.
The libraries are empty.
The library books were out of order.
The library didn't have clear bathroom options for people who don't fit traditional gender binaries.
The library has a valuable bank of old documents.
The library has books.
The library has many books.
The library has many new acquisitions.
The library has the paper's archives on microfilm.
The library has various new acquisitions.
The library in which I work is big.
The library is a public institution for everyone.
The library is as far as the station.
The library is closed on Sundays.
The library is closed.
The library is closing.
The library is dark and gloomy.
The library is down this road.
The library is eighty years old.
The library is in the center of the city.
The library is in the city centre.
The library is in the middle of the city.
The library is in the middle of town.
The library is light and airy.
The library is located in the middle of the city.
The library is next to the bus stop.
The library is now under construction.
The library is on the 4th floor.
The library is on the first floor.
The library is on the right.
The library is on the second floor.
The library is on the third floor.
The library is one of my favorite places.
The library is one of my favourite places.
The library is open from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
The library is open from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
The library is open to all students.
The library is open to all.
The library is open to everyone.
The library is open to the public.
The library is open until nine.
The library is open.
The library is pretty small.
The library is temporarily closed to the public.
The library is the meeting place of all human dreams.
The library is the white building on the right.
The library is to the left.
The library is to the right.
The library is upstairs.
The library is walking distance from here.
The library is wrapped in almost complete silence.
The library keeps only one of each book.
The library keyboard is dirty.
The library near my house is now open only three days a week due to budget cutbacks.
The library near my house is open just three days a week now because of budget cuts.
The library obtained many new books.
The library offers free internet access for students.
The library spire is the highest point on campus.
The library started digitizing its collection decades ago.
The library usually has a lot of interesting magazines to read.
The library was dark.
The library was empty.
The library was founded in memory of the scholar.
The library wasn't open yet.
The library where I work is big.
The library will be closing in ten minutes.
The library will issue you a library card.
The library's collection includes printed archive material, such as handwritten letters and old newspaper stories, but a major effort is under way to digitize the holdings to preserve them and widen their availability.
The licence has expired.
The licence is no longer valid.
The lich was known in life as the sorcerer Tom Jackson.
The lid came off.
The lid doesn't want to come off.
The lid is closed.
The lid of the chest creaked open.
The lid of this box won't lift.
The lid of this box won’t lift.
The lid on this jam jar is stuck. It won't open.
The lid screws onto the jar.
The lid to the breadbox doubles as a cutting board.
The lid was hot.
The lid wasn't on tight.
The lid won't open.
The lido is to be closed.
The lie doesn't last long.
The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.
The lie has been revealed.
The lie is easier to believe.
The lie sounds good, but I'd like to listen to the unembellished truth.
The lies melt like snow.
The lieutenant ordered all the civilians to get off the train.
The life Igor had with his mother was a life he didn't choose.
The life and health of a living person are more important than the "life" of a fetus.
The life cycle of an amphibian consists of three stages: egg, larva and adult.
The life in the university is significant.
The life is easier to those who have pretty faces.
The life lesson: giving people the benefit of the doubt can further your career and personal relationships!
The life of Lincoln is read by children all over the world.
The life of Sam Bolger reads like a romance, tinged with all the vicissitudes of life, livened by the carefree days when gold was more plentiful in Cripple Creek than to-day, shadowed by more sorrows than falls to the lot of the average man.
The life of Scalia, who was deeply religious, was honored in the country’s largest Roman Catholic church, the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, where Pope Francis had celebrated a Mass in September.
The life of a gangster is a road paved with misery.
The life of a human isn't easy.
The life of a man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster.
The life of a person is a transient thing.
The life of a young deer can be a tough one. Born barely able to walk, these young deer cannot keep up with their mothers, and they must spend their first weeks of life mostly alone. Fawns will hide from predators throughout the day as the does forage for food to sustain themselves and their babies. The mothers will periodically visit the fawns to nurse, but they also try to keep their young hidden from hunting coyotes and bobcats. Studies of JSC’s deer population show that increased rainfall in the winter and spring results in higher numbers of fawn the following year. In wet years, higher rates of twins, and higher survival rates due to better nutrition, give the deer population the boost it needs to recover from dry years.
The life of some dairy farmers has gotten a lot easier since the introduction of robots to milk the cows.
The life of the city was dictated by the mine.
The life of the patient hangs in the balance.
The life of the prisoner and of his defenceless daughter is threatened by a diabolical plot.
The life preserver must be made of high quality materials.
The life span of a butterfly is short.
The life sucks.
The lifeboats were located abaft the ship, near the stern.
The lifeguard is ever ready to help others.
The lifeguard rescued Tom.
The lifeguard rescued her.
The lifeguard was distracted at his phone.
The lifeguards are here to protect us.
The lifeless rocks nod their heads again and again.
The lifesaver failed to save the drowning child.
The lifespan of a butterfly is three days.
The lifespan of batteries like that is about three years.
The lifespan of such batteries is about three years.
The lifetime of a butterfly is three days.
The lift arrived.
The lift broke because too many people got in at the same time.
The lift broke because too many people rode it at the same time.
The lift came to a stop between two floors.
The lift came to an abrupt halt.
The lift car is made of steel.
The lift doesn't stop at every floor.
The lift doesn't stop on all floors.
The lift doesn't stop on the first and second floors.
The lift doesn't work today because it's out of order.
The lift doesn't work.
The lift door got jammed three days ago.
The lift door got stuck three days ago.
The lift door jammed three days ago.
The lift doors wouldn't open.
The lift engineer came.
The lift goes up and down.
The lift goes up to the top floor.
The lift got stuck on the sixth floor.
The lift has an automatic door.
The lift has arrived.
The lift has stopped working.
The lift in our building has self-closing doors.
The lift is made of glass, everyone can see us.
The lift is on its way up.
The lift is out of order today.
The lift is out of order, and the lights in the stairwell don't work.
The lift is out of order.
The lift is out of order. Please use the stairs.
The lift is over there.
The lift isn't working again.
The lift isn't working.
The lift seems to be out of order.
The lift stopped on the first floor.
The lift stopped on the second floor.
The lift was not working.
The lift was out of order, and we had to walk to the fifth floor.
The lift wasn't working.
The lift's going up to the top floor.
The lift's not working.
The lifting of most coronavirus restrictions in England takes place as coronavirus cases and hospitalizations are on the rise, largely driven by the delta variant of the virus, first identified in India.
The lifting of the ban in Kenya is already causing jitters, with Tanzania stepping up vigilance on GMOs following Kenya’s move.
The light I saw came from inside that shed.
The light at the upper window disappeared.
The light became blinding.
The light became brighter and brighter.
The light became ever brighter.
The light became more apparent.
The light became weaker and weaker.
The light blinded him. He stood still for a few moments.
The light breeze feels pleasant.
The light bulb blew up.
The light bulb burned out.
The light bulb burst.
The light bulb has burned out.
The light bulb in the larder has blown.
The light bulb is on the kitchen counter.
The light bulb is out of reach.
The light bulb is still hot. Don't touch it.
The light bulb is still very hot.
The light bulb is too hot and I can't touch it.
The light bulb shattered.
The light bulb was invented by Edison and Joseph Swan at the same time but the name of Swan was forgotten.
The light bulb was invented by Edison.
The light bulb works.
The light came back on.
The light came down to ground level.
The light came on again.
The light came on suddenly.
The light came on.
The light changed colors often.
The light changed from red to green.
The light dimmed momentarily.
The light disappeared.
The light doesn't come on in my room.
The light doesn't work.
The light doesn’t come on in my room.
The light doesn’t work.
The light faded out.
The light faded.
The light finally turned off.
The light flickered.
The light followed Ziri's car for approximately forty seconds.
The light from the campfire cast eerie shadows on the nearby trees.
The light from the candles didn't extend that far.
The light from the moon is weak.
The light generated in the Big Bang still travels through space at a speed of 300,000 km/s.
The light glinted off the water.
The light glows here.
The light goes on and off.
The light got brighter and brighter.
The light got very low to the ground.
The light has been on for several days.
The light has turned green, so quit looking at your phone and drive.
The light has turned green.
The light here isn't good for reading.
The light here's not good for reading.
The light hit Tom's eyes.
The light hurts my eyes.
The light hurts our eyes.
The light hurts the creatures.
The light illuminates.
The light in May is wonderful.
The light in Tom's room is on.
The light in the nurse's office was off.
The light in the room grew dim.
The light in the room was a bit dim.
The light in the sky was moving kind of funny.
The light in the stairwell is not working.
The light in the stairwell isn't working.
The light is a light.
The light is better over here.
The light is bothering me.
The light is called day, and the dark is called night.
The light is called day; the dark, night.
The light is changing from red to green.
The light is completely blocked out by the big tree.
The light is green now.
The light is green.
The light is hurting our eyes.
The light is off.
The light is on in Tom's room.
The light is on in the living room.
The light is on only in the corner window on the third floor.
The light is on, but no one is at home.
The light is on.
The light is out.
The light is perfect.
The light is red.
The light is so bright that you can hardly keep your eyes open.
The light is so bright that you can't open your eyes.
The light is switched off.
The light is too dim for me to read easily.
The light is up high.
The light is yellow.
The light isn't working.
The light momentarily blinded me.
The light of a new day pierced the layers of fog.
The light of a new day trickled through the layers of fog.
The light of a new day was already flooding the peak of the mountain.
The light of autumn afternoons colours the landscape in hues of yellow, orange, red, gold and brown.
The light of day faded.
The light of day was fading from the room.
The light of the eyes brightens the soul.
The light of the lamp glimmered in the fog.
The light of universal consciousness shines in the eyes of the wise.
The light on the snow was blinding.
The light on the staircase doesn't work.
The light on the staircase is not working.
The light only reached a few feet ahead.
The light outside is slowly fading.
The light penetrated the waves like pillars from heaven.
The light penetrates the darkness.
The light pollution here is so bad, you can't even see a single star at night.
The light shines for a moment, then fades away.
The light shines in the dark.
The light shines in the darkness.
The light shone like so many stars.
The light shone so brightly that we had to look away.
The light shouldn't be so bright.
The light shouldn't be too bright.
The light slowly faded.
The light slowly grew as it approached our campsite.
The light started dimming.
The light started flickering.
The light started moving closer to us.
The light started overtaking the camp.
The light suddenly went out.
The light switch doesn't work.
The light switch is broken.
The light switch is fine.
The light switch is firm.
The light switch is firmly installed.
The light switch is hot.
The light switch is not broken.
The light switch is off.
The light switch is still working.
The light switch must be here somewhere.
The light switch was wet.
The light switched on again.
The light switches look good.
The light switches were broken by the previous owner.
The light switches were broken by the previous tenant.
The light switches were stolen by the previous tenant.
The light temporarily blinded me.
The light that casts away the darkness also creates shadows.
The light to the basement has been turned off.
The light travels at about 186,000 miles a second.
The light turned blue.
The light turned green.
The light turned off as quickly as it came on.
The light turned on for some reason.
The light turned on.
The light turned red.
The light turns on fast.
The light was blacked by something.
The light was blinking.
The light was burned out.
The light was burnt out.
The light was changing color between yellow, red, and blue.
The light was going off and on.
The light was going on and off.
The light was green.
The light was just a bulb hanging from a wire.
The light was more and more sombre, but there came a flash of lightning which made them start and look at each other, and then smile.
The light was moving further away.
The light was off in the bathroom.
The light was on all night.
The light was on in the house.
The light was on in the kitchen.
The light was on in the living room.
The light was on in the room.
The light was on.
The light was so bright that it hurt our eyes.
The light was so faint.
The light was so strong that Tom had to shut his eyes.
The light was soothing.
The light was still yellow when the car entered the intersection.
The light was turned off.
The light was very bright.
The light wasn't on in the closet.
The light went off last night in the storm.
The light went on.
The light went out and we were left in the dark.
The light went out by itself.
The light went out.
The light would fly around almost like a hummingbird.
The light you see in the distance is the lighthouse.
The light's green.
The light's green. Let's cross.
The light's on, but no one's at home.
The light's too bright; I can't sleep.
The light's too dim.
The lightbulb burned out.
The lightbulb flickered and went out.
The lightbulb has just burned out.
The lightbulb wasn't invented by perfecting the candle.
The lightbulbs go there.
The lighthouse can be seen from up to 18.6 miles away.
The lighthouse can be seen from up to 19 miles away.
The lighthouse can be seen from up to 30 km away.
The lighthouse flashes every twelve seconds.
The lighthouse is gradually disappearing into the distance.
The lighthouse is visible from up to 18.6 miles away.
The lighthouse is visible from up to 19 miles away.
The lighthouse is visible from up to 30 km away.
The lighthouse on the island of Pharos was exceeded in height only by the Pyramids of Giza further inland.
The lighthouse suffered minimal damage.
The lighthouse was beaming forth rays of light.
The lighthouse's visibility range extends up to 18.6 miles.
The lighthouse's visibility range extends up to 19 miles.
The lighthouse's visibility range extends up to 30 km.
The lighting blinded me for a while.
The lighting here is very poor.
The lighting here isn't very good.
The lighting is poor in this part of the city.
The lighting is very poor.
The lighting of menorahs in city streets and public areas, like parks or areas of interest, has become more common in recent years in countries around the world.
The lighting was set up to have the intensity controlled by one knob so you could produce the brightness as you want.
The lightning blinded me for a moment.
The lightning bolt struck here.
The lightning continued to strike about once every five minutes.
The lightning flashed.
The lightning is already nearby; soon it will rain.
The lightning lit up the sky.
The lightning startled Alberto a few times.
The lightning struck a tall tree, setting it on fire.
The lightning struck all around us furiously.
The lightning struck the beach, leaving vitrified sand on the impact site.
The lightning turned night into day.
The lights are about to go out.
The lights are all off.
The lights are all synchronized.
The lights are blinking.
The lights are now off.
The lights are off in the room.
The lights are on downstairs.
The lights are on in all the windows on the first floor.
The lights are on in every house on this street, except for Tom's.
The lights are on in the kitchen.
The lights are on, but no one's home.
The lights are on.
The lights are out.
The lights aren't on.
The lights aren’t on.
The lights at the pelican crossing change straight back to red just after turning green. You have to be really quick.
The lights automatically turn off.
The lights began to dim.
The lights came back on.
The lights came back slowly.
The lights came up on stage.
The lights coming from inside the home went dark.
The lights didn't back on.
The lights dimmed and the music started.
The lights dimmed as the show began.
The lights dimmed.
The lights disappeared when Ziri reached that spot.
The lights emit a faint buzzing sound.
The lights finally started to dim and the movie started.
The lights flashed brightly as they sped away.
The lights flashed off and on.
The lights flickered.
The lights glare terribly.
The lights got closer.
The lights have been burning all night.
The lights have just gone out.
The lights in Adriano's bedroom were off.
The lights in the basement flicked on.
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.
The lights in the bathroom aren’t working.
The lights in the hallway was far between and very dim.
The lights in the hallway were extremely dim.
The lights in the house opposite have gone out.
The lights in the house over the way have gone out.
The lights in the kitchen burned all night.
The lights in the living room are not working.
The lights in the room went out.
The lights in the storage room were very dim.
The lights in town are turned off again.
The lights inside the cabin were off.
The lights moved.
The lights of the gazebo were on.
The lights on stage are controlled by a computer.
The lights on the highway were diamond-blue, and the road was dotted with headlights and taillights of thousands of cars like fireflies in the night.
The lights on the stage went off.
The lights quickly disappeared.
The lights seemed like fireflies.
The lights started flickering and there was a banging under my feet.
The lights started flickering then went out.
The lights started flickering.
The lights started moving.
The lights started to fade.
The lights started to flicker again.
The lights started to flicker.
The lights stopped appearing.
The lights suddenly dimmed.
The lights suddenly started flickering.
The lights suddenly turned on and Ziri appeared.
The lights suddenly turned on.
The lights suddenly went off.
The lights suddenly went out and it become dark.
The lights turn on when you clap.
The lights turned back on.
The lights turned off, ruining the moment.
The lights turned off.
The lights turned on by themselves.
The lights turned on outside.
The lights turned read.
The lights vanished into the night sky.
The lights went completely out.
The lights went down and the curtain went up.
The lights went off all together.
The lights went out again.
The lights went out all over the house.
The lights went out for good.
The lights went out in the house opposite.
The lights went out in the house over the way.
The lights went out just now.
The lights went out literally just now.
The lights went out, and we had to take candles everywhere.
The lights went out, plunging us into darkness.
The lights went out.
The lights were all turned off.
The lights were back on.
The lights were even still working.
The lights were flickering here and there.
The lights were hovering above the trees.
The lights were left on in the hallways during lockdowns.
The lights were moving back and forth.
The lights were moving so much.
The lights were not moving.
The lights were nowhere near the ground.
The lights were off.
The lights were on in the room.
The lights were on, but nobody was home.
The lights were on.
The lights were out.
The lights were still off.
The lights were very far away.
The lights were zigzagging.
The lights within the quarantine zone went out.
The lights wouldn't turn on.
The lightsaber needs to be green.
The like to dislike ratio is about 4:1.
The like-to-dislike ratio on this video is insane.
The likelihood of being attacked by a shark is very low.
The likelihood of that happening is low.
The likelihood of war was low.
The lilacs will bloom next month.
The lilies have been beaten down by the rain.
The lilies of the valley will flower soon.
The lilies open their little chalices in the sun.
The lilies smell good.
The lilies smell sweet.
The limber pine is the bristlecone’s distant relative and competitor. It also can live a long time – up to 2,000 years. It is found at lower elevations, where temperatures are warmer.
The lime is being mixed with water.
The lime will be mixed with water.
The limerick is an Irish poetry form.
The limitation on the number of example sentences contributed by an Algerian translator is considered by some users as the ideal solution to all the problems encountered by the website.
The limitations of my language limit my thinking. I can only say that I know something if I know how to express it in words.
The limits of my language are the limits of my mind. All I know is what I have words for.
The limits of my language are the limits of my world.
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.
The limo was too long to fit into one parking space, so it was parked diagonally across three parking spaces.
The limousine was too long to fit into one parking space, so it was parked diagonally across three parking spaces.
The limp figure lay still on the bed.
The line between criminals and noncriminals isn't always so evident.
The line for the ladies' room was 15 minutes long.
The line has been busy for 30 minutes now.
The line is about 25 minutes long.
The line is barely moving.
The line is blurring.
The line is busy again.
The line is busy now.
The line is busy now. Please hold the line.
The line is busy.
The line is engaged.
The line is huge.
The line is moving very slowly.
The line is still busy.
The line is to be drawn somewhere.
The line isn't moving.
The line of cars stretched all the way from the expressway to the city centre.
The line outside the club stretched around the corner.
The line s is tangent to the circumference described.
The line snagged and broke, releasing the fish.
The line starts back there. You can't cut in like that.
The line stretched around the corner.
The line stretched down the block and around the corner.
The line stretched four blocks.
The line to the ticket office is very long.
The line was huge and stretched all the way around the block.
The line was too low.
The line went dead and I called him back.
The line went dead.
The line's been busy all day.
The line's busy.
The linear regression showed that race was tied to mental health outcomes.
The liner called at Hong Kong.
The liner will call at Kobe on Tuesday.
The liner will call at Kobe.
The lines are crossed.
The lines of people waiting for food were longer than before.
The lines of the board have intersections wherever they cross or touch each other. Each intersection is called a point, even if it is at a corner or an edge of the board.
The lines of this field run between magnetic north and magnetic south at the two poles.
The linesperson yelled "Out!", but the chair umpire announced immediately, "Correction, the ball was good."
The linguist John Enrico has done great work to publicize matters about a First Nations language, Haida of BC.
The linguist delights in dissecting sentences the way That One Kid In School delighted in dissecting frogs, and the results can be just as gruesome.
The linguist is fluent in several Chinese dialects.
The linguist is quite familiar with the dialect.
The linguistic characteristics of the Kabyle dialect are being incorporated into the standardized Berber language being developed in Algeria.
The linguistic homogeneity of this place is depressing.
The link appears on the screen.
The link between these two things eludes me.
The link brought Claudio on a blank page.
The link can't be opened.
The link cannot be opened.
The link doesn't work.
The link is shown on the screen.
The link shows on the screen.
The link that you sent me didn't work.
The link that you sent me gets a "not found" error message.
The link to your spreadsheet has invalid characters.
The link to your video appears to be invalid.
The link you sent me didn't work.
The link you sent me is broken.
The linkage between the RV and the car was weak, allowing for the car to be left behind at the first pothole.
The linking tool is above the sentence being translated and is the first icon on the left; it looks like a combination of a Japanese character and the letter A.
The lion and the tiger are two different species of cat.
The lion and the wolf are strong animals.
The lion ate the rabbit in one bite.
The lion bared its teeth even further.
The lion began to roar as we approached.
The lion bellows out a roar.
The lion bites the elephant.
The lion cub is the son of the lion and lioness.
The lion decided to become a vegetarian.
The lion doesn't glean ants.
The lion eats meat.
The lion eats the meat.
The lion followed the trainer's commands.
The lion gives a booming roar.
The lion gives a thunderous roar.
The lion goes roar.
The lion hiding behind the bushes was waiting for his moment.
The lion is a carnivore.
The lion is a carnivorous animal.
The lion is a lion because of his claws.
The lion is an animal.
The lion is called the king of animals.
The lion is eating meat.
The lion is hunting an antelope.
The lion is in the cage.
The lion is king of beasts.
The lion is often used as a symbol of courage.
The lion is roaring.
The lion is stalking its prey.
The lion is stalking us.
The lion is strong.
The lion is stronger than the hyena.
The lion is the giraffe's enemy number one.
The lion is the king of animals.
The lion is the king of beasts.
The lion is the king of the beasts.
The lion is the king of the forest.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
The lion jumped through a burning hoop.
The lion jumped through the burning ring.
The lion killed the gazelle.
The lion lay in the middle of the cage.
The lion let out a thunderous roar.
The lion must be shot.
The lion must've drug it down here.
The lion opened its huge mouth and roared.
The lion opened its jaws wide and yawned.
The lion opened wide its jaws and yawned.
The lion physically attacked the poor puppy.
The lion pounced on a tamer.
The lion pounced on a trainer.
The lion pounced.
The lion produces a deafening roar.
The lion put an end to his prey with one stroke.
The lion ripped the flesh from the dead giraffe.
The lion roared at Adriano at the zoo.
The lion roared ferociously.
The lion roared in anger at seeing the hyenas approaching to rob him of his food.
The lion roars thunderously.
The lion roars.
The lion said "See how the flies know that I'm in trouble!"
The lion said "The flies know that I'm in trouble!"
The lion sleeps more than twenty hours a day.
The lion sniffed the air, catching various scents.
The lion struggled to get out of his cage.
The lion suddenly pounced on its handler.
The lion walked to and fro in its cage all day.
The lion was tickled by the idea that the mouse could help him.
The lion was waiting to spring.
The lion's share of the work was carried out in all silence by her.
The lioness finally gave chase to the gazelle.
The lioness had three cubs.
The lioness is the female of the lion.
The lioness is the lion's mate.
The lioness will use all her strength, even when hunting a rabbit.
The lionesses ambushed the giraffe.
The lionesses got close to the giraffe.
The lionesses pulled down the giraffe.
The lions are in the cage.
The lions are much stronger than the deer.
The lions are sleeping.
The lions attacked a colossal adult giraffe.
The lions brought down a huge giraffe.
The lions brought down an adult giraffe.
The lions cornered the giraffe and attacked it.
The lions fought with each other to get food.
The lions heard the sound of the baby giraffe.
The lions killed the gazelle.
The lions killed the wildebeest.
The lions ran the giraffe to exhaustion.
The lions roared in their cages.
The lions separated the giraffe calf from its mother.
The lions were drawn to the female giraffe and her calf.
The lions were headed straight to the giraffe herd.
The lions were sizing up the giraffe.
The lip-sync challenge went viral across multiple platforms.
The lips are involved in making labial consonants.
The lipstick Baya wears is so nice.
The liquid I put to heat is simmering.
The liquid does not strain well.
The liquid flow submits the container to what we call tangential stress.
The liquid gave off a strong smell.
The liquid was viscous.
The liquids separated into layers because of their varying densities.
The liquor gave off a sickly odor.
The list contains twenty-five items. But it's not a complete enumeration of what is required, only the most important.
The list doesn't include Algeria.
The list ends here.
The list for January 1st people is getting so endless to count.
The list for January 1st people is so endlessly long.
The list for January 1st people keeps growing longer and longer with every new year.
The list gets a bit longer each year.
The list goes on and on.
The list goes on.
The list included Tom.
The list included Ziri's name.
The list includes Algeria.
The list is as follows.
The list is as follows:
The list is endless.
The list is extensive.
The list is growing.
The list is limitless.
The list is long.
The list is not very long.
The list is not yet complete.
The list is very long.
The list isn't very long.
The list keeps getting longer.
The list keeps growing.
The list of Russian war crimes is immensely long.
The list of banned books is no longer today than yesterday.
The list of issues is long.
The list of participants is as follows.
The list of participants posted on the wall was ripped off by envious hooligans.
The list only goes on and on.
The list was endless.
The list was handwritten.
The list was in alphabetical order.
The list was very long.
The listeners are informed about the opinions of famous authors, journalists and political scientists.
The listeners had already begun to yawn.
The listeners stood in an attentive attitude.
The lists are long.
The lit skyscraper served as a beacon, welcoming those who came to the city.
The literal translation for the Spanish word "chupacabra" is "goat sucker."
The literal translation often doesn't sound as nice.
The literary lexicon has many new words.
The literature on this subject isn't easily accessible.
The literature professor is a stutterer.
The lithium coin memory back-up battery inside this product contains Perchlorate.
The litter box is where cats poop.
The little Fir Tree wished ardently to become greater.
The little alien humanoids gathered to meet us.
The little animal went snooping around the backyard.
The little baby mouse lives in a tiny little house.
The little baby was born yesterday.
The little bird couldn't defend itself against the eagle.
The little bird couldn’t defend itself against the eagle.
The little bird flew along the highways finding here and there in the tracks of the sledges a grain of corn.
The little bird sat on a tree branch and chirped. And thereunder the fox loitered.
The little bird standing guard at the door is worried about his mom.
The little bird will be asleep in its nest.
The little birds broke forth in song.
The little birds sang as if it were the one day of summer in all the year.
The little black dog is dangerous.
The little boat bobbed on the rough sea.
The little boat, tossed about by the angry waters, appeared and disappeared in the waves.
The little boy accidentally broke the glass.
The little boy brought a snake into the hogan.
The little boy counts it out on his fingers and said, "Seven."
The little boy disappeared down the road.
The little boy embraced his dog.
The little boy felt secure in his father's arms.
The little boy felt secure in his father’s arms.
The little boy froze in his tracks.
The little boy gave a flower to the poet.
The little boy gazed at the huge elephant, eyes wide open.
The little boy goes for a walk with his mother.
The little boy got into mischief when he was left alone.
The little boy grew very fast.
The little boy grinned from ear to ear as he held his baby sister for the first time.
The little boy handed the poet a flower.
The little boy has a dream.
The little boy has a snub nose.
The little boy has grown, he comes up to my waist now!
The little boy has lost the money given to him by his father.
The little boy held his mother's hand firmly when crossing the street.
The little boy held his mother’s hand firmly when crossing the street.
The little boy hugged his dog.
The little boy hung his head and said nothing.
The little boy is afraid of the dark.
The little boy is at the zoo.
The little boy is being spoiled by his grandmother.
The little boy is clever.
The little boy is crafty.
The little boy is crying.
The little boy is going for a walk with his mother.
The little boy is learning to walk.
The little boy is used to talking with grown-ups.
The little boy laughed a merry laugh.
The little boy learned chess by watching local games.
The little boy lost a mitten playing in the snow.
The little boy plays.
The little boy ran up to Gabriel and waved a drawing in his face.
The little boy said hello to me.
The little boy sat on his father's shoulders.
The little boy sat on his father’s shoulders.
The little boy shied away from the TV camera.
The little boy struggled to free himself from the policeman.
The little boy was asleep in his bed.
The little boy was ecstatic.
The little boy was frightened and jumped down from the chair.
The little boy was frightened and sprang from the chair.
The little boy was lost in the forest.
The little boy was over the moon.
The little boy was so tired that when his mother told him to close his eyes, just like that, he fell asleep.
The little boy who gave me this seemed shy.
The little boy with a dimple in his chin is so cute!
The little bumpkin bought a big pumpkin.
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.
The little cat is sitting on the trash.
The little cat wants to come in.
The little cat wants to sleep.
The little child drools whenever he hears of something delicious.
The little child was fretting for its mother when it was left at the child care centre for the first time.
The little child was subjected to violence from his stepmother.
The little children looked tired from swimming.
The little children were too much for her.
The little creatures were making horrific shrieks of terror.
The little daughter which their mother the Queen had given birth to, was now grown up; she was good of heart, and fair of face, and had a golden star on her forehead.
The little dog Laika is not the only animal to have gone into space.
The little dog bit and chewed on his front paws.
The little dog drank all of his water during the heatwave.
The little dog had his own cushion.
The little dog is missing a leg, but that doesn't stop him from running and playing.
The little dog laughed to see such sport.
The little duck is taking a bath.
The little duck is ugly.
The little fair-haired lad took a big pin out of his pocket, and stuck it into the back of the Irishman's coat without his noticing it, whereupon he fell sound asleep.
The little fairy washed itself in the morning dew.
The little fat man did not laugh.
The little flower is black.
The little flower is blue.
The little flower is gray.
The little flower is green.
The little flower is purple.
The little flower is red.
The little flower is white.
The little flowers bloom at night.
The little flowers open at night.
The little fridge is dirty.
The little girl asked a question of her teacher.
The little girl burst into tears.
The little girl clung to her father's arm.
The little girl clung to her father’s arm.
The little girl cried so much that her face was awash with tears.
The little girl danced, with her eyes shining.
The little girl did nothing but cry.
The little girl didn't feel like washing off the dishes.
The little girl didn’t feel like washing off the dishes.
The little girl doesn't like to wear shoes.
The little girl doesn’t like to wear shoes.
The little girl entered the room.
The little girl felt abandoned.
The little girl followed the white rabbit.
The little girl giggled and ran away.
The little girl grew into a beautiful woman.
The little girl had learnt a hymn in which roses were spoken of, and then she thought of their own roses, and she sang the hymn to the little boy, and he sang too.
The little girl has a doll in her hands.
The little girl has smiled to me.
The little girl hid in the closet.
The little girl hugged her teddy bear.
The little girl is beautiful.
The little girl is blowing into a trumpet.
The little girl is crying.
The little girl is dragging on the carpet.
The little girl is not capable of riding a bicycle.
The little girl is peeing.
The little girl is playing outside.
The little girl is sucking her finger.
The little girl just kept crying.
The little girl laughed a merry laugh.
The little girl laughed her tears away.
The little girl lived in Brazil.
The little girl made a polite bow to me.
The little girl managed to keep silent, having been terrified by the lightning.
The little girl never smiles at anyone other than Emily.
The little girl opened the window.
The little girl played an angel in the Christmas play.
The little girl put her arm around his neck, and looked into his eye, but she could see nothing.
The little girl said that she saw the statue of the dinosaur move.
The little girl saw a gold fish and made a wish.
The little girl saw some horses from the window.
The little girl screamed at the top of her lungs.
The little girl sent a letter to her aunt's new kitten.
The little girl sleeps.
The little girl smiled when Gabriel waved at her.
The little girl stuck out her tongue at him.
The little girl stumbled up the stairs.
The little girl took advantage of our fence being open to go into our house and take refuge in the bathroom.
The little girl took great delight in giving her new puppy a bath.
The little girl wanted to have a balloon, but was too shy to ask.
The little girl was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
The little girl was carried back home in her father's arms.
The little girl was carried back home in her father’s arms.
The little girl was crying at the top of her lungs trying to find her mom.
The little girl was crying for the teddy bear.
The little girl was dressed and made up like a slut.
The little girl was left in her grandmother's care.
The little girl was left in her grandmother’s care.
The little girl was not playing.
The little girl was reading a fairy tale about a talking cat.
The little girl washed herself.
The little girl went on with her little naked feet, which were quite red and blue with the cold.
The little girl will go astray if no one cares much about her.
The little girl with the stylish plaits gazes intently at the radio, as if she’s able to see the melodic guitar notes escaping the speaker.
The little girl woke at dawn.
The little girl's doll is broken.
The little girl's eyes sparkled with delight as she watched the dancers perform.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man’s pitiful story, burst into tears.
The little girl, hugging her knees, complained about the cold.
The little girls are crying.
The little girls were afforded a stretch limousine for their insipid, saccharine songs.
The little girls were just chanting something in Berber.
The little glassy-eyed creatures may look cute and harmless, but turtles can make people sick.
The little green owl has the best language school I know.
The little hedgehog snorted and curled up into a ball.
The little house was no longer there.
The little kids were very curious.
The little lady over there is my mother.
The little lizard want to be big!
The little man let out a frightening roar.
The little man's eyes sparkled as he spoke, and he was evidently in a state of suppressed exultation at having scored a point against his colleague.
The little mermaid could not help thinking of the first time she came up from the sea and saw the same splendour and gaiety.
The little mermaid drank the burning, stinging draught, and it was like a sharp two-edged sword running through her tender frame.
The little mermaid dressed in silk and gold stood holding the bride's train, but her ears were deaf to the festal strains, her eyes saw nothing of the sacred ceremony. She was thinking of her coming death and of all that she had lost in this world.
The little mermaid drew aside the purple curtain from the tent and looked at the beautiful bride asleep with her head on the prince's breast.
The little mermaid laid her white arms on the gunwale and looked eastward for the pink-tinted dawn.
The little mermaid sang more sweetly than any of them.
The little mermaid sighed and looked sadly at her fish tail.
The little mermaid soon ventured up again, and it was just as if all the stars of heaven were falling in showers round about her.
The little mermaid standing outside was quite frightened, her heart beat fast with terror and she nearly turned back, but then she remembered the prince.
The little mermaid swam right up to the cabin windows, and every time she was lifted by the swell she could see through the transparent panes crowds of gaily dressed people.
The little mermaid thought it a most amusing race, but not so the sailors.
The little monster was trying to hide.
The little mouse is cute.
The little old man wanted to pull Pinocchio's ears. Think how he felt when, upon searching for them, he discovered that he had forgotten to make them!
The little one fell asleep on his mummy's tum.
The little one imitates the big one.
The little ones of the house are the ones who are really paying the price for the bad relationship between their parents.
The little ones stood quite silent, but only for a minute; then they shouted till the room rang: they danced gleefully round the Tree, and one present after another was plucked from it.
The little ones will remember it.
The little restaurant on the corner always does a lot of trade.
The little restaurant on the corner always gets a lot of custom.
The little restaurant on the corner always has a lot of custom.
The little restaurant on the corner is always well frequented.
The little robot hid in the bushes and waited for the cat to return home.
The little room became my little brother's bedroom.
The little she said of him was not altogether so favourable as Lucy had anticipated.
The little squirrel asked for food. We gave him peanuts, and he was very happy.
The little things can sometimes be of great importance.
The little tot ebulliently ran to her new toy.
The little town knows Janos and his brother.
The little wars are not escalating to a Great War. Is there Intervention of some sort, maybe? Is the dystopic post-apocalyptic scenario with few human survivors becoming an "old man's dream," along with technological retrogression? What other scenarios are possible? I know that some multibillionaires are "horrified" that humanity may be replaced by intelligent machinery. Alternatively, there may be sneaky people who think that humanity should be replaced as soon as possible, maybe.
The little wooden bowl from Denmark was chipped on the edge.
The little words "la", "li", "e", "ni", and "pi" are the pillars of the sentence in Toki Pona.
The littoral zone is vital for various marine species and provides a beautiful landscape for coastal activities.
The liturgy is in French.
The livelihood of the whole family was in danger.
The liveliness of that kid is incredible.
The liveliness of the gathering surprised me.
The liver and the pancreas form part of the digestive system.
The liver is a large organ in the human body.
The liver is an organ of the human body.
The liver is in the upper right quadrant of the abdomen.
The liver is no longer functioning.
The liver is the organ that works to remove alcohol from the body.
The liver met what it bore.
The lives of little children are full of fears.
The lives of most people are determined by their environment.
The lives of people are short.
The lives of those who are not Israeli citizens have no value in Israeli prisons.
The living are more important than the dead.
The living are more valuable than the dead.
The living beings of the past were very different from those of today.
The living call for me, the dead weep for me, the thunderbolts break me.
The living conditions of Tom and Mary invoked pity in the eyes of their neighbors.
The living is good in this town.
The living language is like a cowpath; it is the creation of the cows themselves, who, having created it, follow it or depart from it according to their whims or their needs. From daily use, the path undergoes change.
The living legend of Capricorns being the greatest of all time is very real.
The living matter more than the dead.
The living room adjoins the dining room.
The living room and dining room are right next to each other.
The living room furniture was modern in style.
The living room has a fireplace.
The living room has parquet flooring.
The living room in my new house is very large.
The living room is a tip.
The living room is at the end of the hall.
The living room is at the end of the hallway.
The living room is carpeted.
The living room is on the ground floor.
The living room is on the right.
The living room is to the right.
The living room transforms into a cozy theater.
The living-room windows have been open for hours.
The lizard climbed along the wall and went into a hole.
The lizard escaped from under the rock.
The lizard looked like a dinosaur.
The lizard wants to be on the hill.
The llama that calls.
The load exceeded the maximum allowed, and the server crashed.
The load exceeded the maximum weight permitted.
The load of his work was too great for him.
The load of ice cream melted after the truck overturned on the highway.
The load of the truck was in excess of three tons.
The load was too heavy for a driver to carry alone.
The load we endure today will be taken off
The loaded desk groaned again.
The loaf is small.
The loaf of bread was adorned with ornate tiny squirrels.
The loaf of bread was so fine that nobody could even describe it, for only in fairyland does one find such marvelous loaves.
The loaf was adorned all about with pretty figures, with towns and fortresses on each side, and within it was white as snow and light as a feather.
The loan bears an 8% interest.
The loan carries 5.5% interest.
The loan shark threatened to break Tom's kneecaps.
The loathing is my shepherd.
The loathsome Gadgols no longer dared come nigh.
The lobby cost four million dinars.
The lobby is empty.
The lobby was completely empty.
The lobby was empty.
The lobby was totally empty.
The lobbyists formed a special interest group.
The lobster at Benedito's restaurant is succulent.
The lobster is a marine crustacean.
The lobster was good.
The local authorities searched the house but they didn't find Ziri.
The local bar has good beer.
The local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town.
The local brew is excellent.
The local club is hosting a bridge drive to raise funds for charity.
The local coffee shop was replaced by a Starbucks.
The local ecosystems are threatened.
The local ecosystems are under threat.
The local farmers make their living off the road.
The local flora and fauna are incredibly diverse.
The local gangster used to drive through the city, stopping occasionally to chat with the children.
The local government closed all bars and saloons.
The local government is very concerned about sustainable development.
The local government outlawed the production of alcoholic beverages.
The local language here is Berber.
The local languages are almost dead.
The local legends tell stories of mysterious creatures living in the depths of the lagoon, attracting the interest of adventurous visitors.
The local mosque reopened for worshipers.
The local name of Nepali is "à¤¨à¥‡à¤ªà¤¾à¤²à¥€".
The local name of Nepali is "नेपाली".
The local name of Tsez is "cezyas mec".
The local news will be broadcast next.
The local newspaper is endorsing the conservative candidate.
The local people don't buy these, but the tourists do.
The local people suffer from high rates of alcoholism and malnutrition.
The local police and the FBI formulated a search plan to capture the fugitives.
The local police are very strict about traffic violations.
The local police joined forces with the coast guard to try to find any survivors.
The local population earns income from fishing, raising livestock, and sales of handicrafts.
The local population helps fight forest fires.
The local priest pleaded with the people there to save the church. Several people ran to a nearby river to fetch water, but it was too late.
The local residents are very hospitable.
The local restaurant is awful.
The local school board would go to any length to ban that book.
The local supermarket has an organic section.
The local time is 10:00.
The local train is less comfortable than the express train.
The local trains don't have air conditioning.
The locality does not count for much in Japan.
The localization team was made up of volunteers.
The locals are friendly.
The locals are in the habit of wearing very appealing clothing.
The locals are very friendly.
The locals are very hospitable.
The locals around here really live at a relaxed pace.
The locals believe that a spirit resides in this tree.
The locals believe that a spirit resides within this tree.
The locals call it Sasquatch.
The locals call this river the "man-eater" and fear it.
The locals call this river the man-eating river and fear it.
The locals don't trust Tom.
The locals engaged with the tourists in a very friendly way.
The locals killed the goat as an offering.
The locals were friendly.
The locals were laughing at the pathetic tourists on the tour bus.
The location has changed.
The location is just too inconvenient for Ziri.
The location isn't the problem.
The location made it convenient for errands.
The location of Claudio's phone was in the woods.
The location of the remaining Wollemi Pines is shrouded in mystique.
The locator will be towed more than 6,000 meters behind the Australian navy ship “Seahorse Standard.”
The lock doesn't catch.
The lock doesn’t catch.
The lock has been changed.
The lock has been forced.
The lock has been touched.
The lock is beautiful.
The lock is broken.
The lock is jammed.
The lock is undamaged.
The lock itself is a normal cylinder lock so it doesn't automatically lock when you shut the door.
The lock itself is a normal cylinder lock so it doesn’t automatically lock when you shut the door.
The lock must be broken.
The lock must be out of order.
The lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing.
The lock on the stable is broken.
The lock on the weir was released for the boat to pass through.
The lock was changed.
The lock was completely broken and not working.
The lock was completely rusted.
The lock was in such bad shape that it took the locksmith almost an hour to take it out and put a new one in.
The lock was snapped off.
The lock will have to be broken.
The lock's broken.
The lockdown was over.
The lockdowns are devastating Europe’s cultural industry.
The locker room of the girls is clean.
The locker room smells of sweaty socks.
The lockers are the property of the school and may be searched without cause.
The locking mechanism has jammed.
The locks have been changed.
The locksmith repaired the door.
The locomotive derailed and tumbled around before it was stopped by a huge concrete wall at the station.
The locomotive is at the end of the train.
The locomotive pulls the railroad cars.
The locomotive was decoupled from the railway carriages.
The locomotive was disconnected from the railroad cars.
The locomotive was offered for sale but it was later scrapped, as no purchaser was found.
The locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars.
The locomotive was pulling a long line of goods wagons.
The locust made a big jump.
The locusts had destroyed everything in their path.
The locusts ravaged everything.
The lodge is made of rough-hewn logs.
The lodge rents by the day.
The lodge was a ruin of black granite and bared ribs of rafters.
The lodger next door lives on about 30,000 yen a month.
The loft is stiflingly hot in summer.
The log floated down the river.
The log is full of dampness.
The log of lumber burns slowly in the wood-stove.
The log was rotting away.
The log weighs a ton.
The loganberry, which is a hybrid of a blackberry and a raspberry, was accidentally created in the late nineteenth century by an American horticulturist.
The logging company was widely criticized.
The logging road ended suddenly.
The logic and necessity of the new generation — and what they are so furiously opposed to — must be seen against a background of what has gone wrong in America. It must be understood in light of the betrayal and loss of the American dream, the rise of the Corporate State of the 1960's, and the way in which that State dominates, exploits, and ultimately destroys both nature and man. Its rationality must be measured against the insanity of existing "reason" — reason that makes impoverishment, dehumanization, and even war appear to be logical and necessary. Its logic must be read from the fact that Americans have lost control of the machinery of their society, and only new values and a new culture can restore control. Its emotions and spirit can be comprehended only by seeing contemporary America through the eyes of the new generation.
The logical language Lojban is probably difficult, isn't it?
The logician as such, with his predilection for water-tight compartments in the realm of ideas, is not concerned with what to me as a linguist seems a most important question, viz. how is it to be explained that a sequence of sounds with no meaning at all suddenly from non-connotative becomes connotative, and that this new full meaning is at once accepted by the whole speaking community?
The logs are being floated down the river.
The logs flamed brightly.
The lollipop made my tongue blue.
The lone police officer called for backup.
The loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort.
The loneliness was awful.
The lonely girl eats a soggy sandwich.
The lonely man derives pleasure from observing ants.
The lonely patient derives pleasure from sewing.
The lonely space probe zipped by Saturn's colourful rings.
The long and the short of it is that I simply don't like her.
The long and the short of it is that I was fired.
The long and the short of it is that I was sacked.
The long black coat reached almost to his ankles.
The long car journey had me completely beaten down by sleeplessness and drowsiness after only a few hours so I was very much looking forward to get back home to get some well-deserved rest.
The long coastline of the city contains sand and gravel.
The long cruel winter at last came to an end, giving place to a gentle warm spring.
The long discussion came to an end at last.
The long discussion reached a realistic conclusion.
The long distance courtship is the most concrete proof of love from one person to another, it being true to your loved one or beloved.
The long drive made me tired.
The long drought followed by weeks of rain caused some of Tom's crops to fail.
The long drought was followed by famine.
The long fight ended in 1920.
The long game came to an end at last.
The long habit of living indisposeth us for dying.
The long journey made me tired.
The long jump is a track and field event in which athletes combine speed, strength, and agility in an attempt to leap as far as possible from a take off point.
The long platform was almost deserted; the only living creature in sight being a girl who was sitting on a pile of shingles at the extreme end.
The long rain makes me sick.
The long reign of Britain's Queen Victoria, from 1837 until 1901, occurred during a time of American prosperity.
The long school year was finally over in May.
The long silence was oppressive.
The long spell of hot weather withered up the plants.
The long trip aggravated her injury.
The long vacation will give him back his health.
The long voyage was a trial for us.
The long wait at the airport was tedious.
The long wait is over.
The long walk gave him a good appetite.
The long walk has made me hungry.
The long walk made me hungry.
The long walk through the city tired me out.
The long walk tired me out.
The long walk tired me.
The long war came to an end at last.
The long, hot days between the end of July and the end of August are called 'dog days'.
The long, steep journey had clearly drained her; she was slowly and wearily trudging ahead.
The long-awaited commission of enquiry report was released yesterday afternoon.
The long-awaited event was overshadowed by another's wedding.
The long-awaited event was overshadowed by someone else's wedding.
The long-range forecast says we will have a mild winter.
The long-running game show has a unique format, in which three contestants vie to be the first to supply the question to an answer they are given.
The long-simmering conflict between Mika and her boss came to a head when he belittled her in front of a client.
The long-term use of painkillers has been linked to heart attacks in older patients.
The longer I listen to her, the less I like her.
The longer I live, the smarter I get.
The longer I remain alive the more stoic I become.
The longer I stay there, the more I like the place.
The longer I stay, the harder it will be to go.
The longer I stayed in Australia, the more I liked it.
The longer I stayed in Boston, the more I liked it.
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.
The longer I think about it the more uncertain I become.
The longer I waited, the more impatient I became.
The longer Tom spoke, the less I liked what he was saying.
The longer Tom von der Leyen stays at the top of the company, the more he ruins it.
The longer a man lives, the closer he comes to death.
The longer a sentence, the lower the probability that anyone will read it.
The longer a word is, the more letters it contains.
The longer he stays in Japan, the better his Japanese gets.
The longer somebody remains a child, the longer their life will be.
The longer someone remains a child, the longer their life will be.
The longer the day, the shorter the night.
The longer the night, the shorter the day.
The longer the sentence, the more likely it is to be unique.
The longer we do this, the more difficult it becomes.
The longer we stayed, the more restless we became.
The longer we wait before trying to correct the problem, the worse it's going to get.
The longer we wait, the less chance that we have of finding Tom.
The longer we wait, the less chance we have of finding Tom.
The longer we waited, the more impatient we became.
The longer we waited, the worse it got.
The longer you goof around fixing issues no one is asking about, the longer it will be before we all get out of here.
The longer you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
The longer you let the tomato sauce simmer, the tastier it will be.
The longer you live, the more you see.
The longer you live, the older you get.
The longer you put off doing that, the harder it's going to be to do it.
The longer you stay, the more overtime pay you'll get.
The longer you stay, the more overtime pay you’ll get.
The longer you wait to tell Tom, the harder it's going to be.
The longer you wait to tell her, the worse it's going to be.
The longer you wait, the harder it's going to be to do it.
The longer you wait, the harder it's going to be to do that.
The longer you wait, the worse it's going to get.
The longest book I've ever read was five hundred pages long.
The longest day must have an end.
The longest mountain range on Earth is called the mid-ocean ridge. Spanning 40,389 miles around the globe, it's truly a global landmark.
The longest night will have an end.
The longest river in Denmark is the Guden, which has a length of 160 kilometres.
The longest river in Italy is the Po.
The longest word in the French language is "anticonstitutionnellement".
The longsword was sheathed in an intricately engraved scabbard.
The loo is at the end of the corridor.
The loo is at the end of the landing.
The loo is blocked.
The loo is over there.
The loo-paper shelves in the supermarket had been completely emptied.
The loo-paper shelves in the supermarket were completely stripped bare.
The look in her eyes said everything.
The look on Mennad's face completely changed when he saw Baya pulling a gun out of her purse.
The look on Tom's face told me he was afraid.
The look on Tom's face told me that he was afraid.
The look on Tom's face was priceless.
The look on her face spoke volumes.
The look on her face was priceless.
The look on his face as he was dying is one that I'll never forget.
The look on his face was next door to hatred.
The look on his face was priceless.
The look on my boss's face was severe.
The look on my boss’s face was severe.
The look on the hyena's face said that it was hunting and Ziri was on its menu.
The look on your face says it all.
The loom holds the warp in place, and then you weave the weft through it from side to side. (The word "weft" comes from "weave"!) For towels, carpets, velvet and the like, there's also the nap, or the little pieces of yarn that stick out to make a softer or more absorbent fabric.
The loquat had a plum flavor to it.
The loquat had three or four seeds.
The loquat tasted a little bit like a pear.
The loquat was really mild and juicy.
The loquats Ziri ate in Algeria were very sweet.
The loquats are really good.
The loquats haven't fallen off yet.
The loquats were close to being ripe.
The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
The lord of the elves will cross the sea only if the lord of Mordor is defeated.
The lordship tries to control peoples with ideologies.
The lorries in the loading bays are still waiting for the loaders.
The lorry driver swerved to avoid hitting someone.
The lorry dumped the sand on the ground.
The lorry failed to stop at a stop sign.
The lorry had to stop because its load had fallen off.
The lorry hit a car.
The lorry ignored a stop sign.
The lorry is fully loaded.
The lorry might tip over.
The lorry overturned.
The lorry tipped over.
The lorry turned sharply to the right.
The lorry was stuck in sand.
The lorry was stuck in the sand.
The loser has to shave her head.
The loser was up a break in all three sets he lost.
The losers received a "prize" too: They were beaten up by the winning team!
The loss adds up to $1,000,000.
The loss adds up to more than one million dollars.
The loss amounted to $2,000,000.
The loss amounted to 100 dollars.
The loss amounts to a million dollars.
The loss amounts to ten million dollars.
The loss is enormous.
The loss must be made up for next month.
The loss of a camel is a real catastrophe for a Tuareg family.
The loss of biodiversity is accelerating.
The loss of childhood spontaneity has caused widespread concern, as well as calls for review of the nation's educational and social structures.
The loss of childhood spontaneity has caused widespread concern, as well as calls for review of the nation’s educational and social structures.
The loss of eelgrass also means these underwater meadows soak up less planet-warming carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
The loss of her father was very painful for her.
The loss of her husband was a great blow for Mary.
The loss of her mother brought her pain and regret.
The loss of his mother brought him sorrow and regret.
The loss of his sense of smell was due to a head injury.
The loss of life in that war was astounding.
The loss of mature forests in Indonesia declined in 2019 for the third straight year.
The loss of money made it impossible for him to go abroad.
The loss of public support will make it increasingly difficult for the populist leader to surmount growing opposition to his leftist policies.
The loss of the harvest made the farmer sad.
The loss of their home was devastating.
The loss of their mother affected them greatly.
The loss of their mother grieved them very much.
The loss of wetlands through human activities such as land development is a major concern for conservationists.
The loss reached three million yen.
The loss was a disappointment.
The loss was really devastating.
The loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
The losses are incalculable.
The lost and found section.
The lost boy held out until the rescue team came.
The lost boy was identified by his clothes.
The lost chance will never come again.
The lost child was found after two days.
The lost child was identified by his clothes.
The lost data might be recoverable.
The lost fishing boat made a safe return to harbour.
The lost key was under the couch.
The lot fell to her to help him.
The lot is not for sale.
The lottery has already ended and I haven't won a single euro.
The lottery has ended for some time and I haven't even gotten a refund.
The lottery is a tax on stupidity.
The lottery numbers are drawn every Saturday evening.
The lotus blossoms diffused an inexpressibly pleasant scent.
The lotus flower feareth the splendor of the sun; bowing her head and dreaming, she waits till the day is done.
The lotus flowers gave off an indescribable fragrance.
The lotus has not just a flower but also a fruit.
The lotus is an aquatic plant with very large leaves and flowers.
The loud burst surprised everyone.
The loud calls of male elk can be heard echoing through the mountains during mating season.
The loud drill gave her husband a headache.
The loud noise from the TV hurts my ears.
The loud noise gave me a terrible fright.
The loud noise is driving me crazy.
The loud noise startled Tom.
The loud noise woke up the children.
The loud sounds of sawing, drilling and scraping reverberate around the room.
The louder the music is, the more people drink because they spend less time talking.
The louder the music is, the more people drink.
The loudest he can.
The loudest she can.
The loudspeaker doesn't work.
The loudspeaker is not working.
The loudspeaker isn't working.
The loudspeaker pulsed with strange noises.
The loudspeaker's not working.
The love I feel for him has already grown cold.
The love Tom wanted was something Mary could never give him.
The love between us has gone away.
The love feeling stays on you and lingers on you for a long time even shortly after leaving a relationship.
The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man.
The love is over and even the mutual appreciation.
The love is over.
The love letter ought to have reached her.
The love of a young maiden is a poem. The love of an old maid is philosophy.
The love of art was instilled into Tom at an early age.
The love of democracy is that of equality.
The love of knowledge comes with reading and grows upon it.
The love of liberty brought us here.
The love of liberty is a common blood that flows in our American veins.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
The love of the community is more important to me than money.
The love of your life will appear in front of you unexpectedly.
The love story between Sami and Layla is over.
The love that I suffer from is a shameful disease.
The love theme is permanent in the poet's texts.
The love they shared overcame life’s hardships and challenges.
The love was conditional; it hinged on my finances.
The love was gone.
The love we once shared feels like a story from another time.
The love which had sprung up in his heart was not the sudden, changeable fancy of a boy, but rather the wild, fierce passion of a man of strong will and imperious temper.
The love within their family was boundless.
The lovebirds featured in the 2011 film “Rio” are Spix’s macaws, which are native to a different region of Brazil and possibly extinct in the wild.
The lovebirds were very happy together.
The loveliest faces are to be seen by moonlight, when one sees half with the eye and half with the fancy.
The lovely and ample Muslim woman blushed when I let known my infatuation and tellingly her face turned a soft pink color.
The lovely flexing of her skills made me furious with rage.
The lovely maiden with azure hair was none other than a very kind fairy who had lived, for more than a thousand years, in the vicinity of the forest.
The lover in vain conjured the daughter to declare her own opinion and feelings.
The lover listened with obstinate incredulity.
The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood. His intercourse with heaven and earth, becomes part of his daily food.
The lover, in return, declined positively to receive such an answer from any one but his mistress in person.
The lovers cuddled.
The lovers drowned themselves in the lake and were reunited forever in death.
The lovers eloped to Germany.
The lovers eloped.
The lovers engraved the oak tree with their initials.
The lovers exchanged love letters.
The lovers exchanged numerous letters.
The lovers fell into each other's arms every chance they got.
The lovers fell into each other’s arms every chance they got.
The lovers kissed.
The lovers met in secret.
The lovers reluctantly parted.
The lovers roamed around the fields in search of wild berries.
The lovers walked arm-in-arm.
The lovers were walking arm in arm.
The low fence was no great obstacle.
The low gravity on Mars might decrease your muscle mass.
The low water levels have made shipping more difficult, with a complete ban imposed on boats on the Oder river in eastern Germany.
The low water levels have made shipping more difficult.
The low-cost computer operates by hand-crank when electricity is unavailable and can access wireless networks.
The lower a golf score is, the better.
The lower floors are very dark.
The lower floors of the buildings were sunk in the blue of dusk.
The lower house will make a final decision on this bill next week.
The lower leg and foot are connected by a joint called the ankle.
The lower lip is bigger than the upper lip.
The lower the temperature of a light source, the warmer it appears.
The lower your self-esteem, the more you tend to focus on negative things.
The lowest N.C.O.'s are the proudest.
The lowest layer of the atmosphere, the troposphere, begins at Earth’s surface and reaches up to 7 kilometers at the poles and to about 17–18 kilometers at the equator.
The lowest-tuned pipe on the organ set off barometers all over the state.
The lubrication system was poorly designed.
The luck has left him.
The lucky discovery of a good book could change the fate of a soul.
The lucky ones could wait in a cafeteria.
The lucky sod just won the lottery.
The luggage is missing.
The luggage is piled up in the truck.
The luggage was so heavy that I was worried my arms were going to be torn off.
The luggage was very heavy, so the way back was grueling.
The lumber is still green.
The lumberjack confessed to the IBAMA that he'd chopped down a protected tree.
The lumberjack fell a hectare of forest.
The lumberjack had a variety of axes for different jobs.
The lumberjack is cutting down the tree with ease.
The lunar buggy was named the Jade Rabbit, or "Yutu," in a public vote, a folkloric reference to the goddess's pet.
The lunar eclipse was over.
The lunar eclipse will be total from approximately 21:30 to 23:10.
The lunar module of Apollo 15 landed on the Moon on July 30, 1971 and the astronauts explored the surface riding in the first lunar rover.
The lunar month is shorter than the calendar month.
The lunar month is the 29.53 days it takes to go from one new moon to the next.
The lunar orb appeared.
The lunar orb has shown itself.
The lunar rovers used by Apollo astronauts in the early 1970s, were essentially stripped down jeeps. This next generation vehicle will have a pressurized cabin that astronauts can live in for weeks at a time.
The lunatics have taken over the asylum.
The lunch break is an hour long.
The lunch failed completely.
The lunch is on the table.
The lunch is pizza.
The lunch prepared by Inday filled me very much.
The lunch she brought to me was as delicious as I'd heard people say it would be.
The lunch she brought to me was as delicious as rumoured.
The lunch was great.
The lunch was very tasty, thank you very much!
The lung cancer has a dire prognosis.
The lungs are situated in the thoracic cage.
The lur was a viking instrument.
The lush forests of the Blida Atlas are a paradise for any nature lover.
The lush garden filled with blooming flowers and vibrant colors is a little piece of paradise.
The lust denies the need.
The lute is a string instrument.
The luxurious residence of a government official was looted.
The lynching events have only increased since then.
The lyricist changed his mind over the years.
The lyrics and melody of this song are simple and easy to memorise.
The lyrics are good, but the voice is quiet.
The lyrics are humorous.
The lyrics are intentionally keyed in to the onscreen action at times.
The lyrics are the most important part of this song.
The lyrics of that song are not his.
The lyrics seem innocent enough, but if you listen to them closely, you'll realize how subversive they really are.
The lyrics were in Berber.
The macaroni and cheese tasted so good I can't describe this taste!
The machine again made the usual noise and printed out the following analysis.
The machine already proposes almost perfect translations into Latin.
The machine broke because he had not looked after it properly.
The machine caught fire because of an electrical fault.
The machine doesn't give change.
The machine features some ventilation slots.
The machine generated large amounts of electricity.
The machine generates a lot of electricity.
The machine gives a food reward when your rat presses a lever.
The machine has a warning placard reminding people to use lockout and tagout.
The machine has been out of order since last month.
The machine has some of its parts missing.
The machine has stopped functioning.
The machine has stopped working.
The machine has stopped.
The machine has to be assembled.
The machine is lying idle.
The machine is now in operation.
The machine is off.
The machine is out of order.
The machine is safely in operation.
The machine is so delicate that it easily breaks.
The machine is used in this way.
The machine is used to remove the husk and bran layers to produce a white kernel that is free of impurities.
The machine isn't working.
The machine jabbed more needles into Edmundo’s face.
The machine learning industry pursues the improvement of our predictive ability.
The machine malfunctioned.
The machine moves the hot well-water through one pipe next to another filled with a cooling material called refrigerant.
The machine needs oiling.
The machine operates all day long.
The machine operates around the clock.
The machine seemed stable.
The machine sorts the letters by postcode.
The machine sorts the letters by zip code.
The machine sorts the parcels by postcode.
The machine squealed for lack of oil.
The machine started malfunctioning.
The machine stopped functioning.
The machine stopped.
The machine suddenly malfunctioned.
The machine takes a lot of room.
The machine was clogged with grease.
The machine was coated with dust.
The machine was controlled by the aliens.
The machine was covered in dust.
The machine was just sitting there on the table, gathering dust.
The machine was large.
The machine was plugged in.
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
The machine was working at full blast.
The machine will save you much time and labor.
The machine works all day.
The machine works by itself.
The machine's running.
The machine's stopped running.
The machine's yours now.
The machine, which is excellent, has a good reputation.
The machinery at the factory malfunctions regularly.
The machinery was produced by American company.
The machines are digging the tunnel metre by metre under the city.
The machines are idle now.
The machines are single molecule motors that can spin at about 3 million rotations a second when a blue light shines on them. As they spin, they drill into the cell.
The machines navigate using a combination of pre-programmed maps and real-time sensing including Lidar, which sends and receives light pulses to create a 3-D scan of the ever-changing surroundings.
The machines will kill our fat asses.
The macho culture perpetuates inequality by limiting opportunities and reinforcing gender roles for both men and women.
The macho society discourages men from engaging in nurturing and caregiving roles.
The madman admires from afar the fire he has lit.
The madman ate grass with the cows.
The madness has yet to begin.
The madness of love is the greatest of heaven's blessings.
The maelstrom of passions is not what we need now.
The mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire.
The mafia is also called the Cosa Nostra.
The mafia let him in on their plans to knock off a rival gangster.
The mafia would kill someone and put their body in a bath of acid.
The mafia's capo ordered his men to get rid of the supposed snitch.
The magazine Look is no longer being published.
The magazine acquired a lot of readers this year.
The magazine article said that the value of the yen would rise.
The magazine comes out every week.
The magazine comes out once a week.
The magazine costs less than the book.
The magazine declares a new king of hipster "music" every two weeks.
The magazine dismissed Yanni's art as chaos.
The magazine does nothing for me.
The magazine featured scantily clad models on the cover.
The magazine hit the street with Yanni on the cover.
The magazine is a jumbled mishmash of jokes, stories, and serious news.
The magazine is aimed at teenagers.
The magazine is enjoying great popularity.
The magazine is for killing time.
The magazine is issued twice a month.
The magazine is published bimonthly.
The magazine is researching the most disgusting insects on the planet.
The magazine jumped the gun and reported on the scandal.
The magazine only costs two pounds, including shipping.
The magazine revealed all his dirty secrets.
The magazine spread many important charges against the Senator.
The magazine was filled with banal pap.
The magazine which you lent me is very interesting.
The magazine you lent me is very interesting.
The magazines are piled up next to the table.
The magazines were dog-eared.
The magazines were sold out.
The mage has a large stomach.
The magic 8 ball is good for when one doesn't know for what he should decide.
The magic is gone.
The magic lamp broke open and the genie was released.
The magic of his words attracted the audience.
The magic powder never loses its properties, even in water.
The magic show was awesome today.
The magical river smiles in awe at the merry and emeraldine scenery of its banks.
The magical tree can lift curses.
The magician Sarah. Apparently people call her "The Great Mage" or some such.
The magician asked for a volunteer from the audience.
The magician diverts the audience’s attention while he substitutes the card.
The magician had the children's attention.
The magician had the children’s attention.
The magician is performing a few card tricks.
The magician is performing some card tricks.
The magician knows many tricks.
The magician made birds appear and disappear.
The magician made the girl float in thin air.
The magician made the young lady float into the air.
The magician needs his wand.
The magician performs a few card tricks.
The magician pulled a rabbit out of a top hat and we still don't know how he did it.
The magician pulled a rabbit out of his hat.
The magician snapped his fingers and a tiny flame appeared floating above his hand.
The magician snapped his fingers and a tiny llama appeared floating above his hand.
The magician they hired for my brother's party was so bad. He made me pick a card out of a deck, but he wasn't able to guess which one it was.
The magician took away his apprentice's wand.
The magician's tricks surprised us.
The magician's use of smoke and mirrors was an elaborate facade.
The magicians were segregated from the prison population and shot promptly at dawn.
The magician’s tricks surprised us.
The magistrate disqualified himself from hearing the case because of a conflict of interest.
The magistrate made his decision.
The magistrate stroked his beard.
The magnet became demagnetized.
The magnet became magnetized.
The magnetic field activated.
The magnetic field was deactivated.
The magnetite is attracted to the earth's magnetic field.
The magnetite is attracted to the earth’s magnetic field.
The magnets attract the iron.
The magnets on their heads were responsible for that.
The magnets, of course, have a magnetic field around them.
The magnificent film made us think that the legend of El Cid is true.
The magnificent octagonal Baptistery is said to have been originally a Temple of Apollo, and the eight monolithic columns that support the modern cupola are of the Roman period.
The magnificent spectacle cheered the hearts of the three fugitives and gave them fresh energy.
The magnificent stallion fetched a huge price at auction.
The magnitude of a solar eclipse depends on how close you are to the path of totality.
The magnitude of the force acting over a small section of an object immersed in a fluid equals the pressure p times the area A of the section.
The magnitude of the lift depends on several factors including the shape, size, and velocity of the aircraft.
The magnolia tree stands over the wide lawn.
The magnolias are blooming.
The magnolias bloomed.
The magpie and the galah sat on the same tree branch. That made me happy. They are my favourite birds.
The magpie collects everything shiny.
The magpie collects everything that glitters.
The magpie is a bird.
The magpie is a very intelligent bird.
The magpie won't stop cawing.
The magpies are too loud.
The magpies like to gang up on my cat.
The magpies were pecking at the window.
The mahi-mahi is one of the best eating fish.
The maid announced each guest.
The maid arranged the knives and forks on the table.
The maid asked if we wanted the room cleaned.
The maid brought for dessert Touraine and Berry's famous soft cheese, made with goat's milk.
The maid brought some glasses and a bottle of wine from the year 1819.
The maid came in bearing a cake.
The maid carried a lantern with her, as it was very dark and the path ran across the open moor.
The maid didn't see anything.
The maid fluffs the pillows.
The maid gave up her job.
The maid had already cleaned the room when Carol walked in.
The maid hasn't made up the room yet.
The maid immediately cleaned the dishes from the table.
The maid is confined to her bed.
The maid knocked without receiving any answer, and even turned the handle, but only to find that the door was locked upon the inside.
The maid left quickly.
The maid made my bed.
The maid refused to have stolen the money.
The maid served the tea.
The maid was cleaning the room with the vacuum cleaner.
The maid was dead tired of her household chores.
The maid was totally tired of her household routine.
The maid will clean the guest room.
The maid will take it to your house.
The maiden shall belong with whomever her heart chooses.
The maiden was beautiful and well-proportioned.
The maids complained of his drunken habits and his vile language.
The maids took Michael to his room.
The mail arrives before noon.
The mail arrives before you go.
The mail can't be delivered.
The mail carrier came in the morning and dropped the mail off on Yanni's porch.
The mail carrier delivers mail from door to door.
The mail carrier is bound to come soon.
The mail carrier should come soon.
The mail didn't come today.
The mail didn't deliver the order on the exact day.
The mail has arrived.
The mail has to come today.
The mail hasn't come for a long time.
The mail is delayed because of the strike.
The mail is delivered before noon.
The mail is delivered every day.
The mail is delivered once a day.
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire.
The mailman carefully navigated the uneven steps of the staircase.
The mailman comes around every three days.
The mailman delivers mail.
The mailman doesn't come on Sunday.
The mailman emptied the mailbox.
The mailman has not yet passed by.
The mailman hates the comedian.
The mailman is between postboxes.
The mailman is bound to come soon.
The mailman is cute.
The mailman just delivered a parcel.
The mailman left a letter for her.
The mailman left a note on our door.
The mailman should be here soon.
The mailman should come soon.
The mailman will be coming shortly.
The mailman will be here soon.
The main Indian holiday Diwali symbolizes the victory of good over evil.
The main accomplishment of "artificial intelligence" has been to add critical amounts of bullshit to a society already filled to the brim with it.
The main advantage of our company is professionalism.
The main advantage of this book is its convenient structure.
The main aim of the Paris agreement is to keep a global temperature rise this century well below 2 degrees Celsius.
The main aim of the system designers is to prepare ready-made solutions for cloud computing.
The main attractions are the beaches and marinas.
The main avenue had a gas station and mosque on it.
The main bedroom and the living room get the lovely morning sun.
The main character cannot die in the first act.
The main character dies at the end of the book.
The main character had a prototype.
The main character is a man whose name we do not know.
The main character is a young character.
The main character is cool as always.
The main character of "December 6" is Harry Niles, a master card player and tireless schemer with his own code of loyalty and honor.
The main characteristic of Egyptian climate is the heat. Sometimes it reaches 47 degrees Celsius, which is about as hot as our Turkish bath.
The main characters are all members of one family.
The main characters of the novel are Don Quixote and his faithful squire Sancho Panza.
The main crop of Japan is rice.
The main diet in Japan is rice.
The main difficulty was the lack of time.
The main disadvantage of alcohol is the lack of alcohol.
The main duty of a priest is to preach in church.
The main element of a novel is the character.
The main emphasis of his talk was on the role of social media.
The main entrance is to the south.
The main exports of Bangladesh are textiles, garments, and leather goods.
The main feature of the process is the presence of unmediated and mutual political will.
The main feature of this scheme is still ambiguous.
The main idea in his speech was unity.
The main idea of the book relied on a false premise.
The main idea of the international language Esperanto consists of establishing contacts between various cultures.
The main idea of the plot is not clear.
The main ingredient in spaghetti is pasta.
The main ingredient is sugar.
The main ingredients are potatoes, flour and raisins.
The main international soccer competition is the FIFA World Cup, held every four years. It's the most famous and most watched in the world, with twice as many spectators as the Olympics.
The main is running.
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido, Shikoku, Honshu and Kyushu.
The main issues of the company are highlighted by the report.
The main line runs through Boston.
The main lobby appears empty.
The main mast of the USS Constellation is 220 feet tall.
The main meal of the day consisted of five dishes.
The main meaning of "diaspora" is the Jewish one; all other meanings are derived from this by analogy.
The main office was raided by the police.
The main person who caused that financial scandal is the president of ABC investment bank.
The main point of Dennett's book, in short, is to deny the existence of inner mental states.
The main point of Dennett’s book, in short, is to deny the existence of inner mental states.
The main problem in my life right now is money.
The main problem of the cafeteria is the quality.
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.
The main problem with antitheism is its negation of my divinity.
The main problem with the Internet today is enshittification.
The main product of the farm whence this watermelon came are carrots. That's why its label has a carrot on it.
The main protagonists in Tom's stories are always animals, however the bad guys are always humans.
The main purpose of a Klingon political slogan is to teach Klingon to learners who recognize the slogan.
The main purpose of propaganda is to convince no matter what.
The main purpose of red blood cells is to transport oxygen.
The main purpose of white blood cells is to protect against infection.
The main question is how does Tom feel.
The main question is will Tom do his work well.
The main race yesterday was no surprise. That's the kind of race you can bank on.
The main race yesterday was no surprise. That’s the kind of race you can bank on.
The main reason for holding a baby shower is to get gifts for the soon-to-be-born baby.
The main reason is that the subjects were totally unaware of the possibility of shortcuts.
The main reason kids tell lies is to avoid getting into trouble.
The main reason to vote out IMHO is not immigration or the economy, although these are important, but the dangerous lack of democracy in the EU set-up. It's designed to give the illusion of being democratic, with elections and an elected parliament, but in actual fact it's not really democratic at all.
The main reason was that he had too little time for it.
The main reason why most comparable projects fail is a lack of funding.
The main risk factor for heart disease is smoking.
The main seat of the company is in Moscow.
The main secret of thoughts is where do they come from? It is impossible to catch a thought until it comes to your mind. That's why I take my own thoughts as a gift that I'm happy to use.
The main selling point of Esperanto is that it puts everybody on an equal playing field.
The main service center isn't here but in that building over there.
The main service center isn’t here but in that building over there.
The main shareholder holds twenty percent of the company's equity.
The main shareholders of the largest companies are mostly two groups; these two are: The Vanguard Groups Inc. and Black Rock Fund Advisors.
The main shops are in the city centre.
The main sources of child abuse are the nuclear family and religious institutions.
The main sources of employment are the fishing and service industries.
The main square is just next door.
The main street is filled with girls in kimonos.
The main street is very broad.
The main streets are very wide.
The main streets are wide and beautiful.
The main streets of many small towns have been all but abandoned thanks, in large part, to behemoths like Wal-Mart.
The main streets of many villages have in fact been abandoned. The main reason is the advance of big stores like Wal-Mart.
The main tap is turned off.
The main theme of "Knight Rider" is my ring tone.
The main theme of this book is the American Revolution.
The main thing I'm worried about is that I'm not worried.
The main thing Tatoeba teaches us is that one cannot even speak one's own mother tongue.
The main thing is not to miss the turn.
The main thing is that he knows and performs his duty.
The main thing is that they're alive.
The main thing is that we're healthy.
The main thing is to appreciate each other.
The main thing is to keep a sense of proportion.
The main thing is to tell the truth.
The main thing on Tatoeba is not to utter ideas above your stomach and below your knees.
The main thing that I like about these communities is the lack of competition. Instead of knocking each other down for their own personal gain, everyone is focused on being there for each other.
The main thing that Islam has brought to my life is serenity.
The main thing that dreams lack is consistency.
The main translator worked as a journalist in the past.
The main type of tree in this part of the forest is the cypress.
The main valve is turned off.
The mainland of China covers 96,000,000 square kilometers, and it is the largest country in Asia, as well as the third largest in the world.
The mainstream media denies that Australia doesn't exist.
The mainstream media is the most prevalent practitioner of scaremongering.
The mainstream media would never talk about this.
The maintainability and the operational readiness of a number of these craft are actually suspect.
The maintenance of the house costs a lot.
The maintenance on the water infrastructures in this region is insufficient.
The majestic Djurdjura Mountains, in northeastern Algeria, are nothing short of breathtaking.
The major Berber dialects of Algeria are Kabyle and Shawi which are mostly mutually intelligible.
The major advances in civilization are processes which all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
The major caveat that is preventing me from travelling more is increased travel expenses.
The major function of coveralls is to provide comfort and protection against hazards so the individual can work comfortably without worrying about workplace hazards.
The major religions in China are Taoism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity.
The major result from recent investigations of Emmet's theory has been that it can be applied to biochemistry as well.
The major result from recent investigations of Emmet’s theory has been that it can be applied to biochemistry as well.
The major roads are overburdened with lorries.
The majority are against it.
The majority can be wrong even more often than one individual.
The majority didn't accept the proposal.
The majority ignores that which has no name, and the majority believes in the existence of all that has a name.
The majority is against it.
The majority is against.
The majority is never wrong.
The majority is not always right.
The majority is often wrong.
The majority know how to use a knife.
The majority of Algeria's livestock is composed of sheep.
The majority of Algeria's population is Muslim.
The majority of Algeria's wealth is derived from oil and gas.
The majority of Algerians are against the building of churches, the breeding of pigs, the sale of alcohol and nightclubs in Algeria and even in the countries that host them, on the other hand, they encourage rape, sexism and mediocrity.
The majority of Algerians are descendants of the ancient Berber people that have lived in North Africa for thousands of years.
The majority of Algerians are schizophrenic, they vote for Islamists but emigrate to the West.
The majority of Algerians behave like barbarians where they emigrate.
The majority of Algerians have some degree of Berber ancestry.
The majority of Algerians spend their time talking about mosques and proselytizing even on scientific websites.
The majority of Algerians support the Algerian military regime for lack of an Islamist regime.
The majority of Algerians vote for Islamists who are yet corrupt and uneducated.
The majority of Americans are against corporal punishment.
The majority of Americans have always opposed Trump.
The majority of Atlantic tropical storms and hurricanes pass through the Bermuda Triangle, and in the days prior to improved weather forecasting, these dangerous storms claimed many ships. Also, the Gulf Stream can cause rapid, sometimes violent, changes in weather.
The majority of Berbers are mountain dwellers. It's obvious: they've never accepted to drown in the invaders' identity.
The majority of Esperantists will come with me.
The majority of Japanese people drink tap water.
The majority of Japanese temples are made out of wood.
The majority of Kabyle are secular unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Kabyle people are multilingual.
The majority of Kabyle voters vote for secular parties, unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Kashmiri speakers live in Indian-administered Kashmir, while a minority live in Pakistani-administered Kashmir.
The majority of Maltese speakers live in Malta, where it is the national language.
The majority of Muslims are ready to kill anyone who criticizes Islam which is not a religion but a dangerous sect. Don't we say that "religion is a successful sect"?
The majority of NatGeo viewers are intellectuals.
The majority of Yanni's ride was in the dark.
The majority of adolescent drug users are bored.
The majority of adults have thirty-two teeth.
The majority of animals have skulls.
The majority of big banks are introducing this system.
The majority of car accidents are due to the driver being distracted.
The majority of his clientele are poor people.
The majority of his friends are girls.
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin.
The majority of its towns and villages were once the sites of fortresses.
The majority of known extrasolar planets actually have more mass than Jupiter.
The majority of large Japanese companies depend on exports.
The majority of mankind is lazy-minded, incurious, absorbed in vanities, and tepid in emotion, and is therefore incapable of either much doubt or much faith; and when the ordinary man calls himself a sceptic or an unbeliever, that is ordinarily a simple pose, cloaking a disinclination to think anything out to a conclusion.
The majority of marine protected areas in the United States are multiple-use sites, meaning fishing, boating, surfing, diving, and other recreational activities are allowed.
The majority of my patients come to me from out of town.
The majority of our hiking trip was great and uneventful.
The majority of people are quite indifferent.
The majority of people die in bed, so that's why I recommend avoiding it.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
The majority of people refuse it.
The majority of people speak Berber to me.
The majority of police officers are men.
The majority of students are saying that while it is unfortunate that the graduation ceremony was cancelled, it couldn't be helped.
The majority of students didn't know what was going on.
The majority of students here are diligent.
The majority of substances are gaseous at high temperatures.
The majority of teens aged 13 to 17 (91%) say they use their phones to pass time, but a large share of them also say they use them to connect with others (84%) or learn new things (83%).
The majority of the Americans are descended from immigrants.
The majority of the Chinese in the Philippines are Hokkien.
The majority of the Kabyles aspire to independence except those who want to be Arabized and Islamized under Algerian colonialism.
The majority of the Laotians don't live in Laos but Thailand.
The majority of the Swiss can speak three or four languages.
The majority of the committee voted against the bill.
The majority of the committee were against the plan.
The majority of the insane asylum was closed down.
The majority of the middle-aged people felt anxiety for their future.
The majority of the novels in my library are about aliens and galactic empires.
The majority of the peasants living in this godforsaken village cannot read nor write.
The majority of the people who live in this area are of Berber origin.
The majority of the population of this country are against mandatory voting.
The majority of the pupils here bike to school.
The majority of the pupils here cycle to school.
The majority of the songs became uninteresting.
The majority of the students voted against the project proposed by the school.
The majority of the successful candidates were university graduates.
The majority of the trip was pretty uneventful.
The majority of them are decent people.
The majority of them didn't get an education.
The majority of these emigrants are well-educated and middle-class.
The majority of these pupils are from homes where Berber is the first language.
The majority of those fighting ISIS are Muslims, not Donald Trump's KKK supporters or evangelicals.
The majority of those men worked in the mine.
The majority of viewers didn't enjoy the movie, but on the flip side, those who did like it were obsessed with it.
The majority of voters liked what Roosevelt said.
The majority of what Dan is saying is correct.
The majority of young people own a cellphone.
The majority of young people own cellphones.
The majority voted for Tom.
The majority voted to reject all changes.
The majority was for him.
The makers of Bratwurst typically do not reach out to children around this world, but the makers of sushi often do.
The makeup of Mideast peace talks may change due to a change of heart on the part of Israel.
The malady of our time is perfectionism.
The malcontents repeatedly protested in the streets this Spring.
The male Brookesia nana has a length of just 13.5mm, while the female has a length of around 29mm.
The male ape is intelligent by nature.
The male cicadas are making all the racket — a mating call produced by vibrating membranes in their abdomens.
The male cicadas are making all the racket—a mating call produced by vibrating membranes in their abdomens. Their collective symphony approaches a level of 100 decibels—as loud as a motorcycle.
The male deer proudly displayed his antlers during mating season.
The male dog is getting old.
The male dragonfly was attracted to the female by her pheromones.
The male fern is not more masculine than the female fern; it is just that the first has brighter leaves and looks more robust than the other.
The male giraffe was swinging its neck.
The male giraffes were wrestling.
The male grouse performs elaborate dances in order to attract a mate.
The male has an abdomen which is slightly flattened and, moreover, curved at the tip; the female, before the laying, has hers full and perceptibly distended by its ovular contents.
The male hornbill feeds the female through the hole.
The male hornbill feeds the female while she is in the nest.
The male hornbill lost his life.
The male hornbill provides all the food for the female and her chick until the latter is able to fledge.
The male insects are transported to laboratories at Seibersdorf, near Vienna, and there they are sterilized by being exposed to large doses of gamma radiation.
The male of a fig tree is called a caprifig.
The male peacock has colorful tail feathers.
The male seahorse carries the eggs.
The male tarantula was courting with death.
The male teacher has female students.
The male whose flesh of his foreskin shall not be circumcised, that soul shall be destroyed out of his people: because he hath broken my covenant.
The males are always more beautiful than the females.
The males of eusocial hymenopterans generally die soon after mating.
The males of some frog species will sing to attract females during mating season.
The males of some lizard species will engage in combat during mating season.
The mall also sported one of the few movie theaters in the vicinity.
The mall always had night lights on.
The mall closed at five pm.
The mall closed down for good.
The mall closed.
The mall is closed.
The mall is deserted.
The mall is dying.
The mall is open.
The mall is popular with families, teenagers and young adults.
The mall was crowded.
The mall was very crowded.
The malls in the university are lined with trees.
The malls in the university were lined with trees.
The malware was stealing private encryption keys and private encryption certificates used to cipher connections and locally stored data.
The mammal is dead.
The mammoth is a fascinating animal. Too bad it's extinct.
The mammoth white ship emblazoned with red crosses has 1,000 beds and 12 operating theaters.
The man I bumped into yesterday was Mr. Hill.
The man I didn't know knew a lot about me.
The man I loved didn't feel the same way.
The man I loved didn't return my feelings.
The man I met in the park told me that his name was Tom.
The man I met in the park yesterday said his name was Tom.
The man I met in the park yesterday said that his name was Tom.
The man I met is a lawyer.
The man I met yesterday didn't know French at all.
The man I met yesterday was Mr. Hill.
The man I saw Mary with yesterday was incredibly handsome.
The man I saw yesterday was a complete gentleman.
The man I secretly loved didn't even notice me.
The man I see is very tall.
The man I spoke to on the telephone was unclear as to how much firewood we actually needed to bring.
The man I talked to on the bus said he'd been to Australia three times.
The man I talked to on the bus said that he'd been to Australia three times.
The man I thought was the criminal didn't have any connection to the incident.
The man I thought was the criminal didn’t have any connection to the incident.
The man I trusted betrayed me.
The man I visited was Tom.
The man I was talking to earlier never told me his name.
The man I was talking to is my English teacher.
The man I was waiting for didn't turn up.
The man I was waiting for didn’t turn up.
The man Mary is talking with is Tom.
The man Mary's going to marry is a lawyer.
The man Tom and Mary are talking to is a lawyer.
The man Tom is talking to is a lawyer.
The man acquiesced, but the woman remained implacable.
The man addressed the St. Lucian people in Creole.
The man admitted having broken into the house.
The man agreed, but the woman wouldn't budge.
The man aimed a gun at the detective.
The man aimed a gun at the detectives.
The man aimed a gun at the policeman.
The man aimed a weapon at the police officers.
The man aiming his gun at us had a hideous smile on his face.
The man all in red was holding a gun.
The man always cadges money from me.
The man and his horse that fell off the cliff were soon rescued.
The man and his wife helped each other.
The man and the woman are a couple.
The man and the woman are eating outdoors.
The man and the woman drink tea.
The man and the woman have a child.
The man answered to the description.
The man answers the description.
The man answers to the description in the newspaper.
The man appeared to be unresponsive.
The man asked me for some money.
The man asked me who I was, but I didn't think I had to answer.
The man asked me who I was, but I didn’t think I had to answer.
The man asked me who I was, to which question I did not think it necessary to answer.
The man assured us that she didn't commit the murder.
The man assured us that she didn’t commit the murder.
The man at her side began to smile involuntarily.
The man at the bank spoke to me in French.
The man at the cash register said that I didn't need to pay anything.
The man at the door didn't say who he was.
The man at the door didn't tell me his name.
The man at the door introduced himself as Tom.
The man at the door wouldn't tell me his name.
The man at the front desk gave Tom his room key.
The man at the house next door seems to have hurt his back.
The man at the house next door seems to have injured his back.
The man ate at 7 pm.
The man ate bread.
The man ate the bread.
The man attacked her with the intention of killing her.
The man awakens the boy.
The man awakens.
The man awed the girl with his magic tricks.
The man beat the dog.
The man beckoned his servant to come to him.
The man began to take off his hat, glasses and mask.
The man begged me for money.
The man begging for money looked very hungry.
The man beguiled me of my money.
The man behind the camera is holding up his hand to block out some light.
The man behind them is playing the piano.
The man behind them plays the piano.
The man beside her began to smile involuntarily.
The man blew out his own brains.
The man blushed like a boy.
The man blushed.
The man bought a horse with a very nice mane.
The man bought it.
The man bowed himself down, and adored the Lord, saying: Blessed be the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath not taken away his mercy and truth from my master, and hath brought me the straight way into the house of my master's brother.
The man brought the dog back with a whistle.
The man brushes his teeth.
The man built up a large fortune.
The man buys beautiful roses for his wife.
The man buys junk food infrequently.
The man by her side began to smile involuntarily.
The man came to Moscow.
The man came to a dead stop.
The man came walking.
The man can be helped.
The man carried a rabbit wrapped in a towel in his arms.
The man carried her luggage to the train.
The man carrying a briefcase seemed afraid.
The man carrying a violin seemed upset.
The man caught the girl by the wrist.
The man charged me with being irresponsible.
The man chased the robber into the street.
The man cheated her out of her money.
The man cheated me out of that money.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
The man claimed he didn't take the money.
The man claimed he didn’t take the money.
The man combs his dog with a brush.
The man comes back with a tin of fruit cocktail and a tin opener.
The man committed murder.
The man complains, because the dog is barking, or vice versa?
The man confessed that he had robbed the old woman.
The man connected two wires.
The man controlled the country for fifty years.
The man corresponded to the description.
The man corresponded with the description.
The man couldn't even write his own name.
The man couldn't so much as write his own name.
The man couldn’t so much as write his own name.
The man crossing the street saw the driver who caused the accident.
The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
The man dashed the bottle against the wall.
The man decided to wait at the station until his wife came.
The man denied causing any damage.
The man denied having stolen the car.
The man denied he took the money.
The man denied that he took the money.
The man did his task.
The man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot.
The man didn't feel like walking all the way; so he took the bus.
The man didn't happily listen to the music.
The man didn't say anything.
The man didn't want to go walking all they way, so he took a bus.
The man didn’t feel like walking all the way; so he took the bus.
The man died a few hours ago.
The man died in a car accident.
The man died of cancer.
The man died of thirst in a dry country.
The man died the end of 50s.
The man died waiting for an ambulance.
The man died.
The man dived to the drowning woman's aid.
The man does the laundry, not the woman.
The man doesn't dance too badly.
The man drinks an Arabic drink.
The man drinks water.
The man driving our bus looked sleepy.
The man driving the bus is a good friend of mine.
The man driving the bus is my father.
The man driving the car had been drinking.
The man driving the truck was drunk.
The man drove his car at a uniform speed.
The man eats beans.
The man enjoyed his bath, slept soundly, and set off early next morning.
The man entered the next room.
The man equipped the mule.
The man extricated Ellie from a dangerous situation.
The man fell down on the ground.
The man fell in love at first sight.
The man fell to the floor.
The man finally confessed what he had done.
The man finally confessed.
The man finally left.
The man fired many shots.
The man fits the description.
The man fled on foot.
The man formerly known as the "priest" blessed a group of people that was formerly known as the "congregation", but could no longer be called so due to demanding technical criteria.
The man fought bravely but finally gave in.
The man gave a big cry.
The man gave no heed to her loud protest.
The man gets out of the helicopter.
The man glanced at the news program and was shocked.
The man got away from the city.
The man got mad when his wife called him names.
The man got up and smoked.
The man grinned widely and paid the bill. He then drank all of the beer left in his glass in one gulp, while standing.
The man grinned widely and stood up. He then paid the bill and emptied his glass of beer in one gulp.
The man groaned in pain.
The man had a punctured lung.
The man had an annoyed face.
The man had an unnaturally long neck.
The man had just returned from a visit to Europe.
The man had not spoken to his wife in three days.
The man had something under his coat.
The man harnessed the mule.
The man has a chair.
The man has a little bit of rice.
The man has a quick temper.
The man has even less cake.
The man has less cake than his son.
The man has more bread than his wife.
The man has murdered his wife and her lover.
The man has no house to live in.
The man has the capability to talk.
The man has two feet.
The man has two sons, one of whom is still at college.
The man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire.
The man helped me when I was in trouble.
The man hesitated a moment, and then he answered: "I said many things that I had no right to say to you."
The man hit me on the head.
The man holding the umbrella is Kan.
The man holding the umbrella is Ken.
The man hung something on the wall.
The man identified himself as Tom Jackson.
The man in a red hat and blue shirt is seated on the curb next to a tree.
The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed.
The man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly.
The man in charge speaks Japanese well.
The man in charge speaks good Japanese.
The man in that car is Tom Jackson.
The man in that picture isn't Tom.
The man in the back of the pickup truck started firing at us.
The man in the background is my grandfather, and my father is in the foreground.
The man in the corner addressed himself to the husband.
The man in the doorway was not an easy customer, the kind of guy all the waitresses hoped that someone else would serve.
The man in the flat next to Tom is quite odd.
The man in the pick-up truck fit Dan's description.
The man in the street is eating pizza and actually thinks voting machines are OK.
The man injured in the accident was taken to hospital.
The man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital.
The man introduced himself as Edmundo Nani.
The man introduced himself as Gustavo.
The man introduced himself as Sami.
The man introduced himself as Tom Jackson.
The man introduced himself as Ziri.
The man is a lawyer.
The man is a policeman.
The man is a slave.
The man is a soldier.
The man is a woman.
The man is all but dead.
The man is alleged to have been involved in money laundering.
The man is also a stubborn microbe.
The man is an inexhaustible source of energy.
The man is anything but honest.
The man is apparently deceiving us.
The man is big.
The man is brushing his teeth.
The man is buying beautiful roses for his wife.
The man is by trade a conjurer and performer, going round the canteens after nightfall, and giving a little entertainment at each.
The man is carrying a two-handed sword on his shoulder.
The man is chasing the woman.
The man is checking in at a hotel.
The man is dead. Show some respect.
The man is drinking coffee.
The man is drinking water.
The man is driving a car.
The man is dying.
The man is eating an apple.
The man is eating beans.
The man is eating bread.
The man is eating. The woman is eating. The child is eating.
The man is elegant.
The man is enjoying windsurfing alone.
The man is good.
The man is handsome.
The man is here.
The man is hiking on a narrow path.
The man is hungry.
The man is imagining he sees a young girl.
The man is in the kitchen.
The man is in the tent.
The man is in the village.
The man is intelligent and industrious.
The man is just play-acting.
The man is liable to the death penalty.
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.
The man is making a long-distance call.
The man is making a telephone call.
The man is meditating.
The man is mourning after receiving sad news.
The man is mourning after the sad news.
The man is naked.
The man is named Gustavo.
The man is not concerned in this project.
The man is not young.
The man is old.
The man is perplexed.
The man is quite capable of telling lies.
The man is reading a book.
The man is reading a newspaper.
The man is right.
The man is sick.
The man is sitting on the other side of the stream.
The man is starving.
The man is strong.
The man is suspected of having a hand in the affair.
The man is taking a bath.
The man is tall.
The man is the hunter, and the woman is his prey.
The man is too wise to do such things.
The man is trying not to run.
