Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.
Spring is the breeding season for many birds.
Spring is the season I like the best.
Spring is the season for planting trees.
Spring is the season of flowers.
Spring is the season of love.
Spring is the season that Lucy likes best.
Spring is the time to plant trees.
Spring is the tourist season for Nepal.
Spring makes us full of hope about the future.
Spring makes us hopeful about the future.
Spring nights are short.
Spring over the ground like a hunting hound.
Spring passed and summer began.
Spring rains bring summer flowers.
Spring returned.
Spring smiled at her.
Spring smiled at him.
Spring sows, autumn reaps.
Spring started indeed.
Spring swept away the rigors of the cold winter.
Spring was long coming that year.
Spring will arrive there soon.
Spring will be here before long.
Spring will be here soon.
Spring will be late.
Spring will come soon.
Spring will soon be upon North America, reawakening many people's passion for the outdoors.
Spring will soon come.
Springboks grazed on the veldt.
Springtime is green.
Sprinkle plenty of flour on to the work surface.
Sprinkle sugar on when they are baked.
Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper and lay it on top of the vegetables.
Sprinkle the gratin with parmesan.
Sprinkle the slices of goat's cheese with chopped walnuts and pistachios.
Sprinkle them with water.
Sprinkling salt on your food is an unhealthy habit.
Spud means the same thing as potato.
Spurning every gift, he does not let himself be bound.
Sputnik 1 was the first satellite to orbit around the Earth.
Sputnik 1, launched in 1957, triggered the Space Race.
Sputnik 2 finally burned up in the outer atmosphere in April 1958.
Sputnik was launched on October 4, 1957.
Sputnik was sent on the fourth of October, nineteen fifty-seven.
Sputter deposition is widely employed in the semiconductor industry.
Spy satellites tracked the truck in real time.
Spying between friends is absolutely unacceptable.
Spying between friends is an absolute no no.
Spying doesn’t equal murder.
Spying has been called the second oldest profession in the world.
Spying on gangsters was a dangerous venture.
Spying was part of Sami's job in the military.
Spyware can't distinguish between threatening letters and love letters.
Spätzle are a type of German pasta.
Squad Leader Justin, a blip's appeared on the hyperspace radar!
Squad Leader Justin, a blip’s appeared on the hyperspace radar!
Squalls are expected later tonight.
Square it!
Squash flowers can be prepared as an appetizer.
Squash, vanilla beans, and yams are the main crops.
Squash, watermelon, and cucumbers are cucurbits.
Squashing the centipede crossed Rodrigo's mind, but he hesitated due to his aversion to killing living creatures.
Squaw Valley, California, is one of the largest ski resorts in the United States.
Squeegee the shower walls to prevent soap scum buildup.
Squeeze a little lemon on your fish.
Squeeze my hand if you need to.
Squeeze the towel.
Squeeze the trigger.
Squeeze.
Squeezing a stress ball is a good way to relieve stress.
Squeezing the bag-valve mask draws air into and out of a patient's lungs when they are unable to do it themselves. The mechanical ventilator basically automates that task.
Squid are cephalopods.
Squid ink is edible whereas ballpen ink is not.
Squirrel Mike looked for the ever-bearing tree.
Squirrelman's superpower is that he can turn into a squirrel.
Squirrels and unicorns live in this forest.
Squirrels are good at climbing.
Squirrels are loved by many people.
Squirrels are mammals.
Squirrels are nimble in climbing trees.
Squirrels are quick learners.
Squirrels are quick of movement.
Squirrels are storing up food for the winter.
Squirrels are storing up nuts against the winter.
Squirrels are very good climbers.
Squirrels bury nuts.
Squirrels can run really quickly.
Squirrels don't bang on doors.
Squirrels drive me nuts.
Squirrels eat acorns.
Squirrels eat hazelnuts.
Squirrels eat seeds and nuts, as well as insects and mushrooms.
Squirrels have bushy tails.
Squirrels help plant trees.
Squirrels keep eating from our bird feeders.
Squirrels like nuts.
Squirrels like to eat nuts.
Squirrels love acorns.
Squirrels love birdseed.
Squirrels love climbing trees.
Squirrels move quickly.
Squirrels often chase other squirrels.
Squirrels only find a quarter of the nuts that they bury.
Squirrels store up food for the winter.
Squirrels write sentences in Tom's sentence factory.
Squish that cat.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka is a beautiful country.
Sri Lanka is a beautiful island.
Sri Lanka is a tropical island country.
Sri Lanka is a very large island in the Indian Ocean.
Sri Lanka is an island country.
Sri Lanka is dealing with some leadership issues.
Sri Lankan residents, for example, might look away when speaking to an officer, he said, as a sign of respect, not disdain.
Sri Ramana Maharshi (30.12.1879-14.04.1950), who died of cancer, when his disciples asked him if he was feeling any pain, he used to reply: There is pain in my body. He wrote the book "Who Am I?"
St James Palace represents her, William and his brother Harry, and now regards her "induction" as complete.
St Mark's Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer.
St Mark’s Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer.
St Nicholas was standing in the garden.
St Paul's Cathedral is one of the most famous and most recognisable sights in London.
St Paul's Cathedral was designed by Christopher Wren.
St Paul's Cathedral was destroyed in the Great Fire of London.
St Peter's basilica is one of Italy's most impressive monuments.
St Peter's is in Rome and St Paul is in London.
St Peter’s basilica is one of Italy's most famous monuments.
St. Augustine is a Christian philosopher and theologian of Berber origin.
St. Benedict established his first monastery on top of Monte Cassino.
St. Crispin is the patron saint of shoemakers because he is said to have worked as one.
St. George's is the capital of Grenada.
St. John's is the capital of Antigua and Barbuda.
St. Louis, Missouri is famous for the Gateway Arch and the Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
St. Mark’s Square is flooded.
St. Mary is the symbol of chastity and innocence in Islam.
St. Patrick is the patron saint of Ireland.
St. Peter holds the keys to heaven.
St. Peter's Basilica was built on top of St. Peter's tomb.
St. Petersburg is a Russian city.
St. Valentine's Day falls on Sunday this year.
St. Valentine’s Day falls on Sunday this year.
St. Wolfgang, situated on Lake Wolfgang, one of Austria's best-known lakes, was once a favourite vacation spot of former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl.
Stab everyone.
Stabbing: It can fix EVERYTHING.
Stability has been elusive.
Stability is Algeria's main priority.
Stability is a double-edged sword.
Stability is in unity.
Stability is what Tom needs.
Stability will help Algeria to develop.
Stability will help Algeria to progress.
Stachel is crouching on the floor of her Berkeley kitchen, which is cluttered with spools of wire, small solar panels and assorted tools.
Stacked inside the doorway to the right were jars of jam selling at half price.
Stacks of comic books are neatly organized in a corner.
Staff couldn't handle the new Minister's authoritarian management style, and left en masse.
Staff fear another round of job cuts.
Staff fear further job cuts.
Staff fear further redundancies.
Staff fear renewed job cuts.
Staff members only.
Staff wonder how long the crisis will last and how it will affect their jobs.
Stagnation leads to decline.
Stagnation means regression.
Stainless steel doesn't rust.
Stainless steel is shiny.
Stakeholders are discussing formation of a committee that would oversee the drafting of a constitution.
Stakeouts were a tiring affair; waiting hour after hour for something criminal to happen.
Stale air filled the room.
Stale bread is very good.
Stalin asked Lenin if he could borrow his hammer and sickle.
Stalin complained a lot about imperialism, but he never spoke of his own imperialism.
Stalin died and all Algerians cried.
Stalin is back.
Stalin killed people like Bernie Sanders; equating the two is ignorant at best, cynical at worst.
Stalin killed the members of the Jewish Antifascist Committee.
Stalin liked yes men.
Stalin made up a plot against him by Jewish doctors and used it as a pretext for antisemitic persecution.
Stalin makes the other people worried.
Stalin recriminalized homosexuality and called gay men "pederasts," similar to the modern Republican slur "groomer."
Stalin studied Esperanto at one point, but in his later years, he had Esperanto speakers executed, exiled, or sent to gulags.
Stalin was a bad person.
Stalin was a monster.
Stalin was a revolting person.
Stalin was nicknamed "Uncle Joe" by the Americans during World War II.
Stalin was proud of how well he knew Russian.
Stalin was the father of all peoples - in his own unhealthy imagination.
Stalingrad was completely reduced to rubble.
Stalinism is racism.
Stall for time until the boss gets here.
Stalling is illegal in amateur wrestling.
Stallone became famous through film.
Stamina is the capacity to carry on a physical or mental activity for an extensive period of time without getting tired. You can increase your stamina by training, by maintaining a healthy lifestyle and by consuming a healthy and balanced diet.
Stamp collecting is her hobby.
Stamp duties are directly proportional to the purchase price of a house.
Stamps are not sold in this store.
Stamps are sold here.
Stamps aren't sold in this store.
Stan has always carried a torch for Liz.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's great-uncle.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's gruncle.
Stan is obsessed with Esther.
Stan types without looking at the keyboard.
Stand and Deliver was a single by Adam and the Ants that reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in 1981.
Stand and deliver!
Stand aside!
Stand aside! I'm sixteen percent fluent in French!
Stand aside, mortals.
Stand aside, please.
Stand aside.
Stand at attention.
Stand at ease!
Stand back and admire your work.
Stand back and stand by.
Stand back from the rope.
Stand back!
Stand back, please.
Stand back.
Stand by for further instructions.
Stand by for instructions.
Stand by for my orders.
Stand by for my signal.
Stand by me.
Stand by.
Stand clear of the closing doors, please.
Stand clear of the edge of the platform.
Stand closer to her!
Stand face to face.
Stand firm in the face of your duties.
Stand firm!
Stand for a bit, okay?!
Stand here and fight!
Stand in a straight line.
Stand in front of each other.
Stand in line and wait for your turn.
Stand in line.
Stand in the corner and think about what you said.
Stand in the corner!
Stand in the fire until there is nothing left to burn away.
Stand in the queue.
Stand in the rain if you want.
Stand in the shade and cool off.
Stand it on its end.
Stand next to me.
Stand on guard.
Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.
Stand on the scale.
Stand on the scales.
Stand on your own two feet.
Stand out of my sun.
Stand out.
Stand over there and you'll be able to see it better.
Stand over there.
Stand perfectly still.
Stand proud.
Stand still and keep silent.
Stand still and salute the leader.
Stand still while I throw knives at you.
Stand still!
Stand still! Put your hands up!
Stand still.
Stand straight!
Stand straight.
Stand strong behind your father's decisions.
Stand tall and speak clearly.
Stand the book on end.
Stand the ladder against the wall.
Stand to attention!
Stand up and brush yourself off.
Stand up and get to work for your own sake!
Stand up and introduce yourself, please.
Stand up and leave this place.
Stand up and read the book, Tom.
Stand up and start it.
Stand up and take a bow.
Stand up and try again.
Stand up and walk.
Stand up for me.
Stand up for what you believe in.
Stand up for your beliefs.
Stand up for your rights!
Stand up for your rights.
Stand up for yourself.
Stand up for yourselves.
Stand up if you hate Scotland!
Stand up on your feet!
Stand up straight and maintain good posture.
Stand up straight when I'm talking to you!
Stand up straight!
Stand up straight.
Stand up straight. Slouching is bad for you.
Stand up straighter.
Stand up tall.
Stand up to bullies.
Stand up to bullying.
Stand up to your bullies.
Stand up when I am talking to you.
Stand up when I'm talking to you!
Stand up when I'm talking to you.
Stand up when you talk to me.
Stand up when your name is called out.
Stand up when your name is called.
Stand up!
Stand up, Tom.
Stand up, please.
Stand up.
Stand upright when I'm talking to you.
Stand upright when I’m talking to you.
Stand where you are or I'll kill you.
Stand where you are!
Stand with Palestine.
Stand your ground, and words will follow.
Stand your ground.
Standard Chinese is also called Mandarin.
Standard Chinese, commonly referred to as Mandarin, is based on Pekinese.
Standard Group sent a letter to Bangladesh Bank on Thursday.
Standard Italian is based on the Tuscan dialect.
Standard Maltese is based on the dialect spoken in the capital city of Valletta.
Standardization has helped reduce costs.
Standardization robs life of its spice. To deprive every ethnic group of its special traditions is to convert the world into a huge Ford plant. I believe in standardizing automobiles. I do not believe in standardizing human beings.
Standing as it does on a hill, the church commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on a hill, the hotel commands a fine view of the bay.
Standing as it does on a hill, the house commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on the hill the hotel commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on the hill, this hotel commands a fine view.
Standing at the cash desk and feeling for his wallet, Tom discovered to his horror that his trouser pocket was empty.
Standing at the side of the board, a knight has its range of attack limited to four squares. It is only half a knight.
Standing at your grave, I find solace in knowing you're at peace and watching over me.
Standing behind him, I observed amazing things.
Standing here saying nothing!
Standing in the doorway and glancing round me, I had a general impression of extraordinary comfort and elegance combined with an atmosphere of masculine virility.
Standing in the rain brought on a bad cold.
Standing in the window we saw that his left hand was swathed in a bandage and that his face was very grim and pale.
Standing on a hilltop above this city that has seen so much misery and pain over the past 40 years, there is something peaceful, almost lyrical about launching a kite to the will of the wind.
Standing on a rod, he has a cap on his head. He is found in winter, but he disappears in summer. What's this? It's an acorn.
Standing on the coast's cliffs is an old lighthouse.
Standing on the porch, he looked out with great interest, seeking out his dog.
Standing on the steps to receive them was an old woman, neatly dressed in black silk, with a white cap and apron.
Standing over the cauldron, the witch stirred a repulsive stew made of mud, piss, and human body parts.
Standing pools gather filth.
Standing still is sometimes the best thing to do.
Standing still is the best thing to do sometimes.
Stanford University Professor Albert Dean curated the exhibit. It includes 15 life-size terra cotta figures and 100 sets of artifacts.
Stanford University electrical engineering professor Shanhui Fan said the panels—which include a layer of material similar to what is found in sand—act like a kind of high-tech mirror, both siphoning heat out of the buildings and reflecting the sun's rays, sending both 100 kilometers up into the coldness of space.
Stanford University has educated entrepreneurs like Larry Page and Sergey Brin.
Stanger danger.
Stangerson had Drebber's purse in his pocket, but it seems that this was usual, as he did all the paying. There was eighty odd pounds in it, but nothing had been taken.
Stangerson was a quiet, reserved man.
Stanislaw Lem was a Polish author, a philosopher and a futurologist, representing the genre of science-fiction.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec once said: Sometimes one must be silent to make oneself heard.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec once said: Sometimes you have to be silent to make yourself heard.
Stanisław Lem was born in 1921 in Lviv, Poland (now Ukraine).
Stankova calls him the epitome of what you would think of an internationally renown scientist: "Absent-minded, yet very animated. Very sharp and very enthusiastic."
Stanley Abbot, an architect, was the first designer of the parkway. He believed it was important to have variety in what people saw. Along with the mountains, Abbott wanted visitors to the parkway to see the valleys, forests, farms, rivers and homes of the surrounding communities.
Stanley Ho, the man credited with transforming Macau from a sleepy former Portuguese colony into one of the world’s gambling meccas, has died at the age of 98.
Stanley Kubrick was an American film director.
Stanley built his fortune smuggling luxury goods from Macau to China.
Stanton suddenly saw the fateful day for which he had been so carefully prepared and trained looming terrifyingly large in the immediate future.
Stanza is an NLP project by Stanford University that relies on Universal Dependencies and other corpora to analyze arbitrary sentences across a wide variety of languages.
Staph infections in hospitals pose a significant threat to the health of postoperative surgical patients.
Staple a note on the bag that says it's your lunch.
Stapleton exercised an influence over her which may have been love or may have been fear, or very possibly both.
Star Media is a Russian movie company based in Moscow.
Star Trek: The Animated Series was an interesting take on The Original Series.
Star Trek: The Next Generation turns 30 today.
Star Wars became a cultural phenomenon.
Star Wars is a science fiction film.
Star baseball players are often asked for autographs.
Star-gazing is best done during nightime.
Star-gazing is best enjoyable during nighttime.
Star-watching is good for your eyes.
Starboard is the right-hand side of a ship as seen from aft to fore. The left-hand side is port.
Starbucks is the best place to buy coffee.
Starch degradation is linked to a circadian clock.
Starfish are brainless creatures.
Stargazers have also noticed that Betelgeuse, Procyon, and Sirius make up an almost perfectly equilateral Winter Triangle.
Staring at Icaros with little expression, her eyes shone with something that was neither anger nor sadness.
Staring at her watch, she said: "It's already four o'clock."
Staring at her watch, she said: "It’s already four o’clock."
Staring at people is not OK.
Staring at people is rude.
Staring in the smudged mirror, he was not certain if his affliction was loneliness or madness.
Staring into another human being's eyes for ten uninterrupted minutes reliably induced altered states of consciousness in subjects who participated in an experiment conducted in Italy in 2015.
Staring into the emptiness...
Stark inequality is also corrosive to our democratic ideal.
Starlings are an introduced species here.
Starlings are social animals.
Starlings can imitate human speech.
Stars are beautiful.
Stars are big, because they're hot; when their fuel is exhausted, they collapse.
Stars are born in massive clouds of gas and dust called nebulas.
Stars are born inside clouds of gas and dust called nebulae.
Stars are gigantic balls of plasma.
Stars are invisible in daylight.
Stars are shining in the night sky.
Stars are shining in the sky.
Stars are shining.
Stars began to appear in the sky.
Stars can be seen at night in this area.
Stars can be seen at night.
Stars can be seen clearly in this area.
Stars can live for millions to billions of years before they burn out.
Stars can't be seen in the daytime.
Stars cannot be seen in the daytime.
Stars change over time. It may take millions to billions of years for a star to live out its life.
Stars emanate gamma rays when they explode.
Stars emit gamma rays at the time of their explosion.
Stars evolve, or change, over time. It may take millions of years or it may take billions of years for a star to complete its life cycle.
Stars guide the lost.
Stars in the sky.
Stars light the unknown.
Stars shine above in the sky.
Stars shine brighter in the dark.
Stars shine brighter in the darkness.
Stars twinkled in the sky.
Stars undergo nuclear reactions that burn hydrogen in their cores.
Stars were flickering like gems in the night sky.
Stars were shimmering like gems in the night sky.
Stars were twinkling in the night sky.
Stars were twinkling in the sky.
Stars, we only see them at night, during the day, they don't appear.
Starseeds are not otherkin, but they can overlap.
Starship can be silver or gold.
Start a band.
Start a fire.
Start a new paragraph here.
Start a session.
Start acting like a grownup.
Start again tom.
Start again.
Start all over. You should be banned from every game.
Start at once so as not to be late for the meeting.
Start at once, and you will be in time for school.
Start at once, and you will be in time.
Start at once, and you will catch the bus.
Start at once, and you will catch up with him.
Start at once, and you'll be in time for class.
Start at once, and you’ll be in time for class.
Start at once, or you will be late.
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
Start at once, or you will miss the train.
Start at once.
Start at the beginning and tell me everything that happened.
Start at the beginning.
Start behaving appropriately.
Start brainstorming solutions.
Start building a better future today.
Start by answering this question.
Start by doing the books.
Start by rolling out the dough.
Start by turning the phone off and unplugging it. You want to make sure your phone is not charging when you clean it.
Start by washing the least greasy items, like glasses and utensils.
Start clapping.
Start counting.
Start digging.
Start doing something to fill the void left by your husband's death.
Start early.
Start everything from the beginning.
Start focusing more on that.
Start from here.
Start from scratch.
Start from the basics.
Start from the beginning.
Start having fun.
Start here first.
Start here.
Start it.
Start learning a new language today.
Start leveraging the talents of others so you can come up with a collaborative approach that is demonstrably better than an individual effort.
Start listening to your heart.
Start listening to yourself.
Start listening.
Start living a more balanced life.
Start living within your means.
Start living your dream.
Start living your life.
Start loading the truck.
Start looking.
Start maintaining your ivy before it gets out of control.
Start milking already!
Start now, and you will get there in time.
Start now.
Start off on the green light.
Start on March 23.
Start over, please!
Start over.
Start packing a week or two beforehand.
Start practicing Berber now.
Start preparing your ingredients.
Start preparing your suitcase.
Start reading at line thirteen.
Start reading the Quran.
Start reading where you left off.
Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
Start right now, and you’ll catch up with them.
Start running.
Start saving money today.
Start searching.
Start shoveling coal, men!
Start singing.
Start slowing down.
Start small and build from there.
Start small.
Start studying.
Start taking notes.
Start taking responsibility for your own actions.
Start talking.
Start testing the mic.
Start the car up and let it run for a while.
Start the car.
Start the countdown!
Start the countdown.
Start the engine please, Tom.
Start the engine.
Start the engines!
Start the engines.
Start the laundry.
Start thinking.
Start this moment.
Start to pray.
Start to recognize yourself.
Start to validate yourself.
Start today.
Start training!
Start typing to filter.
Start up Minecraft.
Start up the vehicles.
Start up your engines.
Start using TikTok.
Start whenever you want.
Start with a light warm-up jog.
Start with books that you can easily understand.
Start with chapter five.
Start with it.
Start with lighter weights to learn proper form.
Start with respect in all situations.
Start with short stories.
Start with simple sentences.
Start with small tasks, like making your bed every morning.
Start with the basics.
Start with the easy sentences.
Start without me.
Start working with more effort.
Start writing down your ideas.
Start writing.
Start your day with a smile.
Start your day with sleep deprivation! Sleep deprivation: I so wish I was dead.
Start your engines.
Start your free trial today.
Start your health care career in less than one year.
Start your job search as soon as possible.
Start your morning off with coffee.
Start your motors.
Start your online business.
Start your own YouTube channel.
Start your own business.
Start your own list.
Start!
Start, dammit!
Start.
Starting Friday, the U.N. will raise thermostats by three degrees Celsius to 25 degrees in most parts of the huge headquarters complex.
Starting a business is hard.
Starting a fight with Tom wasn't such a good idea.
Starting a fight with Tom wasn’t such a good idea.
Starting a fire was particularly difficult for Claudio.
Starting from now, I am going to be more rational.
Starting from scratch can also mean starting something over from the beginning.
Starting from the thumb, fingers are also referred to as "Daddy finger", "Mummy finger", "Brother finger", "Sister finger" and "Baby finger".
Starting from the thumb, your fingers are called the "thumb", "index finger", "middle finger", "ring finger", and "pinky".
Starting from today, I am going to learn a little Japanese.
Starting from tomorrow, Safwan will be a student at Malaya University.
Starting in the early 1900s, circus shows were very successful in the United States.
Starting in the early 2010s there has been a significant worldwide increase in loneliness and depression among adolescents.
Starting in the early morning and avoiding the open roads, he made his way by by-paths, and at noon of the following day reached the town of Flensburg, where he fortunately met some Saxon traders driving a herd of cattle from Jutland to Germany.
Starting is half the battle.
Starting is half the task.
Starting my business in Algeria was easy, but maintaining it was another story.
Starting my business in Algeria wasn't easy.
Starting next month, Brazil will implement the law of reciprocity with Spain.
Starting next month, I'm not subscribing to a newspaper.
Starting next week, I have tests every day.
Starting next week, I'll be on the late shift.
Starting next week, I'll be working the late shift.
Starting next week, all public and private workers in Italy will be required to have a digital COVID-19 health certificate or face being sent home on unpaid leave and fined up to $1,730.
Starting next week, there are tests every day.
Starting next week, we'll be using a new textbook.
Starting next year, my brother will be working at a bank.
Starting next year, my older brother will be working for a bank.
Starting now he'll be there for you.
Starting now, I won't say hello to that nasty Luca anymore!
Starting now, we will only speak in Portuguese.
Starting off, first on the agenda is about this morning's two-in-a-bed ruckus.
Starting off, first on the agenda is about this morning’s two-in-a-bed ruckus.
Starting over can be challenging.
Starting something means committing to finishing it.
Starting this week, I'm finally on vacation.
Starting to save is the first step towards a secure retirement.
Starting to speak and making mistakes is a lot better than to keep silent in resignation.
Starting today I don't care about anybody other than myself.
Starting today I don't care about anyone other than myself.
Starting today, I want you to read many books.
Starting today, I want you to start reading many books.
Starting today, I'll save all my small change so I can buy some new game software.
Starting today, I'm going to try to read at least three books a week.
Starting today, I'm going to try to read at least three books per week.
Starting today, only healthy food. No more junk food for me!
Starting today, we have to eat outside.
Starting tomorrow, I am going to stop smoking.
Starting tomorrow, I will begin a new job.
Starting tomorrow, I will begin a new life.
Starting tomorrow, I'm going on a diet.
Starting tomorrow, everything will be half price.
Starting tomorrow, it will snow for a whole week.
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.
Starting tomorrow, it’s going to snow for a week.
Starting tomorrow, there's going to be some serious studying!
Starting tomorrow, this e-mail address will no longer be valid.
Starting tomorrow, we'll stay open until 9:00 p.m.
Startled by the flying mantis flying around the office, Anna instinctively ducked and covered her head.
Startled by the intense beam he produced when he rigged the diode to his bike generator, he recalls saying to his partner that a child could read by the light of a single diode.
Startled by the sudden appearance of the oversized bumblebee, Anna's heart raced.
Startled, Claudio screamed: "Oh, my God!"
Startled, Rodrigo froze in place as he observed the centipede's swift movements.
Startups are springing up like mushrooms.
Starvation and disease were rampant among the lowest classes.
Starvation does not give food.
Starvation feeds nobody.
Starve it from straw so that it forgets the oats.
Starve the donkey by depriving it of straw so that it forgets the oats.
Starve the donkey from straw so that it forgets the oats.
State Capitalism could be democratic or authoritarian.
State Delegate Algie Howell had introduced a bill that would make teenage boys — and hip-hoppers of any age or sex — liable for a $50 fine if their baggy, drooping pants revealed their undergarments.
State intervention isn't always the solution to the problem.
State intervention should be conducted by generating positive and intense incentives.
State media Sunday quoted an official in charge of party discipline as saying cases involving high-ranking officials who take big bribes and embezzle large sums of money are increasing.
State police spokeswoman Janet Welp says the truck wound up crashing into a bridge railing along Interstate 30.
State schools are often used as polling stations.
State the text for me.
State universities usually offer lower tuition costs to in-state residents.
State what happened.
State wildlife biologist Beth Waterbury also worked on setting up a baling twine pick up and recycling program in her area.
State your answer to one decimal place.
State your business.
State your case briefly.
State your full name for the record.
State your name and social security number, please.
State your name.
State your reasons.
State-owned Korean Central News Agency released a statement and said Kim laid out a plan to usher in “tangible change in stabilizing” the state economy and people’s living conditions.
Statements from the summit will probably allude to avoidance of future health crises, measures to ease climate change and steps toward a "green" economy, Menon said.
Statements set off by parentheses are usually not important in a sentence.
Statements will be mailed every quarter.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York.
States and local authorities had seldom pursued prosecution in lynchings.
States don't have rights.
Statesmen of this kind are hard to find.
Statesmen should take account of public opinion.
Statesmen should take public opinion into account.
Static came out from the phone.
Stating that Berber dialects are separate languages is a common fallacy upheld by Western linguists who have little knowledge about the linguistic reality of North Africa. Mutual intelligibility among Berber speakers, particularly those who speak Northern Berber dialects is a verifiable fact.
Station wagons gave way to SUVs.
Statistically speaking, flying in a plane is much safer than traveling by car.
Statistics are easy to misinterpret.
Statistics deals with collected numbers representing facts.
Statistics don't always tell the whole story.
Statistics don’t always tell the whole story.
Statistics indicate that our living standards have risen.
Statistics must be treated with caution and used sparingly.
Statistics show that of those who contract the habit of eating, very few survive.
Statistics show that the population of the world is increasing.
Statistics show that there are more and more people suffering from cancer.
Statistics show that very few people live to be a hundred.
Statistics show that women cause fewer accidents than men.
Statistics show that women live longer than men.
Statistics showed that few players were using the sniper rifle, so the developers reduced its reload time.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
Statues of Buddha are notable works of Japanese art.
Statutory law is written and passed by a legislature.
Statutory rape is defined as sexual relations between one member who is above the age of consent and one who is below, even if their difference in age is insignificant.
Stay a little bit longer.
Stay a little longer.
Stay a little while longer.
Stay a moment.
Stay a while and listen.
Stay a while.
Stay absolutely still.
Stay adaptive to survive.
Stay against the wall.
Stay alert!
Stay alert.
Stay and have a cup of coffee with me.
Stay and have a drink with us.
Stay and help.
Stay and watch the sunset with us.
Stay and watch.
Stay as close as you can to us.
Stay as close as you can.
Stay as far away as possible from anybody that you think may be sick.
Stay as far away as possible from anyone that you think may be sick.
Stay as far away as possible.
Stay as far away from Tigzirt as you can.
Stay as far away of that neighborhood as you can.
Stay as long as you like.
Stay as long as you need to.
Stay as long as you need.
Stay as long as you want to.
Stay as long as you want.
Stay as long as you wish.
Stay as long as you'd like.
Stay as you are!
Stay at home and don't go anywhere.
Stay at home if you are able to!
Stay at home of a week.
Stay at home till noon.
Stay at home today.
Stay at home until noon.
Stay at home with your family.
Stay at home.
Stay at your house until six o'clock.
Stay at your house.
Stay at your place until six o'clock.
Stay awake.
Stay aware.
Stay away from Layla or you will be sorry.
Stay away from Tom or you will be sorry.
Stay away from Tom's house.
Stay away from Tom.
Stay away from Tom. He's a made man.
Stay away from Yanni.
Stay away from Ziri or this time, I'll do some serious damage.
Stay away from Ziri's girlfriend.
Stay away from animals that appear sick, injured or abandoned.
Stay away from any areas marked as off-limits.
Stay away from any pets that look aggressive.
Stay away from at ifk.
Stay away from campfires and never play with matches.
Stay away from cliffs.
Stay away from conflict at the office.
Stay away from conflict.
Stay away from drama at the office.
Stay away from drama queens.
Stay away from drama.
Stay away from her!
Stay away from her.
Stay away from her; she’s a lazy no-goodnik!
Stay away from here, Tom.
Stay away from here.
Stay away from him!
Stay away from him.
Stay away from him. He's a bad influence.
Stay away from it.
Stay away from me!
Stay away from me, Fadil.
Stay away from me, I'll catch the stupid.
Stay away from me, I’ll catch the stupid.
Stay away from me, Tom.
Stay away from me.
Stay away from my boyfriend.
Stay away from my collection.
Stay away from my computer.
Stay away from my daughter!
Stay away from my daughter.
Stay away from my dogs.
Stay away from my girl or I will kill you.
Stay away from my girlfriend.
Stay away from my husband, you whore!
Stay away from my husband.
Stay away from my kids.
Stay away from my motorcycle.
Stay away from my sister.
Stay away from my son.
Stay away from my stuff.
Stay away from my woman.
Stay away from negative people. They have a problem for every solution.
Stay away from our house.
Stay away from people who are sick.
Stay away from people who hurt you.
Stay away from sick people.
Stay away from steep slopes, they can be risky.
Stay away from strangers, darling. No talking to unknown people.
Stay away from such trouble.
Stay away from that area.
Stay away from that deep ravine.
Stay away from that guy.
Stay away from that place.
Stay away from that pleb.
Stay away from that rich girl.
Stay away from that.
Stay away from the basement if you want to live.
Stay away from the beehive.
Stay away from the clinic.
Stay away from the controls.
Stay away from the dangerous neighborhoods.
Stay away from the dog.
Stay away from the door.
Stay away from the edge of the cliff.
Stay away from the edge of the pond, it's slippery!
Stay away from the fire, it's not a toy.
Stay away from the fire.
Stay away from the fireplace, it's not a safe area to play.
Stay away from the flames, they can hurt you.
Stay away from the hole.
Stay away from the jellyfish, they can sting you.
Stay away from the pond.
Stay away from the pool's edge, it's dangerous.
Stay away from the porcupine.
Stay away from the river's edge, it can crumble.
Stay away from the river, it can be dangerous.
Stay away from the sea.
Stay away from the seafront.
Stay away from the shore.
Stay away from the well, it's a potential danger.
Stay away from the well, it's dangerous!
Stay away from the well, it's not secure.
Stay away from the window.
Stay away from the windows.
Stay away from them.
Stay away from there.
Stay away from thinner addicts.
Stay away from this guy, as far away as possible.
Stay away from this guy.
Stay away from this pond.
Stay away from this.
Stay away from those who hurt you.
Stay away from us.
Stay away from whirlpools.
Stay away!
Stay away, Tom.
Stay away.
Stay back or I'll kill you.
Stay back!
Stay back, Tom.
Stay back.
Stay balanced.
Stay behind me.
Stay behind us.
Stay between these two.
Stay by my side, Tom.
Stay by the shore.
Stay calm and carry on.
Stay calm and collected.
Stay calm and do your best.
Stay calm and keep going.
Stay calm and sharpen pitchforks.
Stay calm and sharpen your pitchforks.
Stay calm no matter what Tom says.
Stay calm no matter what she says.
Stay calm whatever happens.
Stay calm!
Stay calm, I will not harm you.
Stay calm, Tom.
Stay calm, and do your best.
Stay calm, everyone.
Stay calm, no matter what happens.
Stay calm, or I'll hit you.
Stay calm, please.
Stay calm.
Stay calm. I promise nothing bad will happen to you.
Stay calm. I won't harm you.
Stay calm. You'll have your reward tomorrow.
Stay clear of that room.
Stay clear of the well, it's not a playground.
Stay clear of the well.
Stay close and don't wander.
Stay close and watch your step.
Stay close to Tom and me.
Stay close to Tom.
Stay close to her.
Stay close to him.
Stay close to me, and don't wander off.
Stay close to me, don't wander off when we walk down the street.
Stay close to me.
Stay close to the group and don't go off alone.
Stay close to the group and don't wander off.
Stay close to the shore.
Stay close to them.
Stay close to us.
Stay close to your brother.
Stay close, Tom.
Stay close.
Stay committed to your academic goals.
Stay committed to your fitness goals.
Stay consistent with your exercise frequency.
Stay consistent with your exercise routine, even if it's just a little bit each day.
Stay consistent with your workout routine for best results.
Stay consistent with your workout schedule.
Stay consistent; don't skip workouts.
Stay cool and keep going.
Stay cool.
Stay curious.
Stay down and don't even breathe.
Stay down and don't move.
Stay down or you might get hit by a stray bullet.
Stay down!
Stay down, or I'll shoot you.
Stay down.
Stay drunk!
Stay far away from that dog.
Stay far away from the well, it can be harmful.
Stay far away from the well, it can be risky.
Stay focused at work.
Stay focused on this!
Stay focused on your ambitions.
Stay focused.
Stay for a while.
Stay for dinner.
Stay for lunch.
Stay for supper.
Stay for tea.
Stay frosty.
Stay goal-oriented.
Stay gold, Ponyboy.
Stay healthy.
Stay here a little longer.
Stay here a minute.
Stay here a moment.
Stay here all night if you want to.
Stay here all night if you want.
Stay here and guard the boat.
Stay here and help Tom.
Stay here and help me.
Stay here and help.
Stay here and keep an eye on Tom.
Stay here and keep the doors locked.
Stay here and learn.
Stay here and lock the door.
Stay here and look after Tom.
Stay here and look after her.
Stay here and look after him.
Stay here and look after them.
Stay here and stay quiet.
Stay here and wait a bit.
Stay here and wait for Tom.
Stay here and wait for her.
Stay here and wait for him, please.
Stay here and wait for him.
Stay here and wait for me.
Stay here and wait for your father to arrive.
Stay here and wait for your father.
Stay here and watch what I am doing.
Stay here as long as you like.
Stay here for a little while with me.
Stay here for a moment.
Stay here for as long as the food supply holds out.
Stay here for now.
Stay here if that's what you want to do.
Stay here if that's what you want.
Stay here in the car, OK?
Stay here in the car.
Stay here till I return.
Stay here until I get back.
Stay here until I tell you that it's OK to leave.
Stay here until Tom and Mary get back.
Stay here until Tom gets back.
Stay here until Tom leaves.
Stay here until Tom returns.
Stay here until we get back.
Stay here while I go check it out.
Stay here while I see what's going on.
Stay here with Tom.
Stay here with her.
Stay here with him.
Stay here with me and be my friend, and we will play delightful games together, and every day we will go and gather strawberries.
Stay here with me, and you'll be safe.
Stay here with me.
Stay here with me. You'll be safe.
Stay here with the dog.
Stay here with them.
Stay here with us.
Stay here!
Stay here, Tom.
Stay here, and don't move.
Stay here.
Stay here. I'll be back.
Stay here. I'll be right back.
Stay here. I'll go get it.
Stay home and save money.
Stay home so that you can answer the phone.
Stay home so you can answer the phone
Stay home until noon.
Stay home until six.
Stay home when you're sick.
Stay home, Ziri.
Stay home.
Stay home. Don't go outside!
Stay home. I'll be right there.
Stay humble, eh?
Stay hydrated and drink enough water.
Stay hydrated and drink water throughout the day.
Stay hydrated and take breaks when you feel tired.
Stay hydrated throughout your workout.
Stay hydrated to help with overall scent.
Stay hydrated!
Stay hydrated, especially during intense workouts.
Stay hydrated.
Stay if you want.
Stay in Boston.
Stay in Hell.
Stay in Kabylie.
Stay in bed until next Monday.
Stay in bed.
Stay in here, please.
Stay in line.
Stay in peace.
Stay in school.
Stay in the car for now.
Stay in the car.
Stay in the designated play areas for your safety.
Stay in the garden, then!
Stay in the house.
Stay in the light.
Stay in the mountains.
Stay in the shade.
Stay in the shed until your car arrives.
Stay in the van.
Stay in there.
Stay in this area.
Stay in this room.
Stay in touch with the most important people in your life.
Stay in touch.
Stay in your car.
Stay in your cars.
Stay in your homes.
Stay in your lane.
Stay in your own bubble.
Stay in your place!
Stay in your room tonight.
Stay in your room until your father gets back!
Stay in your room.
Stay in your seats.
Stay informed about what is happening in foreign countries.
Stay informed.
Stay inside today.
Stay inside until I give the word.
Stay inside until we get back.
Stay inside.
Stay inside. Don't come out.
Stay inside. The storm is dangerous.
Stay just the way you are.
Stay kind, it makes you beautiful.
Stay like that.
Stay me not, said he, because the Lord hath prospered my way: send me away, that I may go to my master.
Stay motivated by rewarding yourself for milestones.
Stay motivated by surrounding yourself with like-minded individuals.
Stay motivated by tracking your achievements.
Stay motivated.
Stay next to the door.
Stay nice and quiet, okay, 'cos I'll be back real soon.
Stay off the grass.
Stay on guard!
Stay on guard.
Stay on his face.
Stay on marked paths to avoid getting disoriented.
Stay on the designated paths, don't wander off on your own.
Stay on the line for a moment.
Stay on the mountain trails. It could mean your life.
Stay on the path.
Stay on the right.
Stay on the trail.
Stay on the train until the end of the line.
Stay on their tracks.
Stay on this side of the yellow line.
Stay on your side of the fence.
Stay on your toes, Tom.
Stay on your toes.
Stay organized by using a planner or calendar.
Stay out of Tom's room.
Stay out of Tom's way.
Stay out of bad gossip at work.
Stay out of here.
Stay out of it!
Stay out of it, I don't want to tell you again.
Stay out of it, Tom.
Stay out of it.
Stay out of my business.
Stay out of my investigation.
Stay out of my kitchen.
Stay out of my life or I'll get police involved.
Stay out of my personal space!
Stay out of my personal space.
Stay out of my property.
Stay out of my room.
Stay out of my way!
Stay out of my way, Tom.
Stay out of my way.
Stay out of office gossip.
Stay out of sight.
Stay out of that park.
Stay out of that room.
Stay out of the gossip.
Stay out of the house.
Stay out of the kitchen, Ziri.
Stay out of the kitchen.
Stay out of the rain.
Stay out of the water.
Stay out of this!
Stay out of this! It's none of your business!
Stay out of this, Tom.
Stay out of this.
Stay out of trouble, OK?
Stay out of trouble.
Stay outside the field.
Stay outside!
Stay outside.
Stay overnight with us.
Stay positive and believe in your abilities to tackle your homework successfully.
Stay positive and don't let this minor issue get to you.
Stay positive and focus on your progress.
Stay positive!
Stay positive.
Stay put for now.
Stay put till I get to you.
Stay put until I need you.
Stay put until you hear from me.
Stay put, I'll be the one paying.
Stay put, Tom.
Stay put.
Stay put. I'll come and get you.
Stay put. I'm calling an ambulance.
Stay put. I’ll come and get you.
Stay quiet and be alert.
Stay quiet and follow me.
Stay quiet and rest.
Stay quiet for a moment.
Stay quiet.
Stay quite still.
Stay reasonable.
Stay relaxed about the issue.
Stay relaxed.
Stay right behind me.
Stay right here and relax.
Stay right here, OK?
Stay right here.
Stay right there, Tom.
Stay right there.
Stay right there. I'm on my way.
Stay right where you are.
Stay right.
Stay safe and enjoy your day.
Stay safe and keep your distance from the fireplace.
Stay safe and stay away from the river.
Stay safe out there.
Stay safe, alright? This third wave is looking really bad.
Stay safe, kiddo. Don't engage in conversations with strangers.
Stay safe.
Stay seated a while longer.
Stay seated.
Stay sharp.
Stay sober!
Stay standing just like you are now.
Stay still!
Stay still.
Stay still. Don't move.
Stay strong and safe. Good luck!
Stay strong.
Stay the fuck out of bad gossip at work.
Stay the hell away from her!
Stay the hell away from him!
Stay the hell away from me!
Stay the hell away from me.
Stay the hell out of my face and my business.
Stay the night with us, and I'll take you in the morning.
Stay the way you are!
Stay there a little longer.
Stay there a while.
Stay there and don't move!
Stay there and wait for me.
Stay there for a moment.
Stay there until I find you.
Stay there with your face to the wall.
Stay there!
Stay there, Tom.
Stay there.
Stay there. I have to change.
Stay thin.
Stay together and don't get lost.
Stay together and work together.
Stay together, no matter what happens.
Stay together.
Stay true to your morals.
Stay true to yourself.
Stay true to yourselves!
Stay tuned for a new episode.
Stay tuned for an important message.
Stay tuned for details.
Stay tuned for the news.
Stay tuned.
Stay tuned. Dan is coming back after the break.
Stay tuned. Our live stream will return shortly.
Stay tuned. We'll be right back.
Stay until everybody else leaves and then we can talk.
Stay until everyone else leaves and then we can talk.
Stay until tomorrow.
Stay up as long as you want.
Stay very still.
Stay warm.
Stay weird.
Stay well!
Stay where I can see you.
Stay where you are and don't move.
Stay where you are and keep calm. The bomb squad is on the way.
Stay where you are and nobody gets hurt.
Stay where you are and we'll come get you.
Stay where you are until I find you.
Stay where you are until I give you a sign.
Stay where you are until further notice.
Stay where you are until the story is resolved.
Stay where you are!
Stay where you are, Tom.
Stay where you are, please.
Stay where you are.
Stay where you are. I'll come and get you.
Stay where you are. I'll come get you.
Stay where you are. I'm on my way.
Stay where you were.
Stay with Tom and me.
Stay with Tom for a moment.
Stay with Tom for half an hour.
Stay with Tom in this room.
Stay with Tom now.
Stay with Tom until I get back.
Stay with Tom until I return.
Stay with Tom until tonight. Don't go anywhere.
Stay with Tom, Mary.
Stay with Tom.
Stay with grandma every day.
Stay with her for a moment.
Stay with her in this room.
Stay with her until I get back.
Stay with her.
Stay with him for a moment.
Stay with him in this room.
Stay with him.
Stay with me and hold my hand.
Stay with me for a few days.
Stay with me for a moment.
Stay with me for a while.
Stay with me for now.
Stay with me here and help me, for I am very old and feeble, as you see, and I cannot very well look out for myself.
Stay with me here.
Stay with me in this room.
Stay with me till dawn.
Stay with me till the dawn.
Stay with me!
Stay with me, I am scared!
Stay with me, Layla. Please don't die.
Stay with me, Layla. Please don't leave me.
Stay with me, Layla. The ambulance is coming.
Stay with me, Tom.
Stay with me, dad! I'm afraid of the dark.
Stay with me, ladies and gentlemen.
Stay with me.
Stay with them for a moment.
Stay with them in this room.
Stay with them, Tom.
Stay with them.
Stay with us for a few days.
Stay with us for a moment.
Stay with us for a while.
Stay with us for now.
Stay with us here.
Stay with us in this room.
Stay with us today.
Stay with us tonight and find a hotel tomorrow.
Stay with us tonight.
Stay with us!
Stay with us! You will learn fresh and interesting news earlier than every other inhabitant of our planet. Tatoeba: Always a good choice.
Stay with us, Tom.
Stay with us.
Stay with your aunt.
Stay within the designated play area, don't wander off!
Stay within the designated swimming area.
Stay woke.
Stay young – so you can grow old.
Stay!
Stay, for God's sake!
Stay.
Staying at home is boring.
Staying at home is no fun.
Staying at home is not a pleasant thing.
Staying at home isn't an option.
Staying at home was boring.
Staying awake is good, but you should sleep at night.
Staying busy and crazy!!
Staying cautious helped me avoid Covid.
Staying for 40 days in a fat camp and losing there 20 kilos isn't healthy at all, and after that 40 days going back to the bad habits is immensely not healthy.
Staying here alone could be dangerous.
Staying here for long is not an option.
Staying here isn't an option.
Staying home and limiting contact with groups of people remains the best way to stop the pandemic.
Staying home is boring.
Staying home isn't an option.
Staying home isn't fun.
Staying home isn't pleasant.
Staying home isn’t fun.
Staying in Algiers would be a wise choice.
Staying informed has kept me vigilant.
Staying inside and having no friends became the norm for Ziri.
Staying is dangerous.
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.
Staying up late every night isn't good for you.
Staying up late is bad for your health.
Staying up late is harmful to your health.
Staying up late is not good for the health.
Staying up late is terrible for your skin.
Staying up late isn't good for your health.
Staying up late nights is nothing to me.
Steadily, as Tom's fantasy life grew, his connections to reality withered.
Steady as she goes.
Steady on!
Steady the boat so we can get on safely.
Steady yourself.
Steak and caviar are my favorite dishes.
Steak and caviar are my favorite foods.
Steak and red wine make a good combination.
Steak is my favorite dish.
Steak is often accompanied by red wine.
Steak lies heavy on the stomach.
Steal a penny, you're a thief. Steal thousands, you're a financier.
Steal from large corporate chains.
Steal from national and international chain stores.
Steal money.
Steal the money.
Stealing a man's wife, that's nothing, but stealing his car, that's larceny.
Stealing from the state is stealing from everyone.
Stealing his roommate's stick of butter cost him his life.
Stealing is a crime, you know.
Stealing is a crime.
Stealing is as easy as saying hi for some people.
Stealing is bad!
Stealing is bad.
Stealing is preferable to starving.
Stealing is wrong.
Stealing noiselessly into her sleeping father’s chamber she detached from his girdle the key he guarded so jealously and opened the gate.
Stealth is a leopard's greatest weapon.
Stealthing refers to the non-consensual removal of a condom during sexual activity. It is a form of sexual assault and is considered rape.
Steam and smoke come out the chimney.
Steam boilers may explode.
Steam comes out of the pot.
Steam hissed from the broken valve.
Steam is coming out of the engine.
Steam is rising from the pot.
Steam is rising from the sunlit wooden fences on this cold morning.
Steam is water changed to a gaseous form by the application of heat. It may be saturated, superheated, dry or wet.
Steam locomotives run less smoothly than electric trains.
Steam rises from cracks in the road shortly before a fissure opened up on Kaupili Street in the Leilani Estates subdivision, May 4, 2018, in Pahoa, Hawaii, in this image released by the U.S. Geological Survey.
Steam rose from the bubbling soup pot.
Steam trains once ran through here.
Steam trains were replaced by electric trains.
Steam us some couscous.
Steel cuts through steel.
Steel hardens in one second.
Steel is a ferrous metal.
Steel is a key industry.
Steel is a widely-used material in civil construction.
Steel is easily recyclable.
Steel is important to Algeria.
Steel is not the only metal that, being struck slantwise with the edge of a stone, produces sparks of fire.
Steel is quenched in cold water after having been tempered by heating.
Steel is widely recycled.
Steel keys are quite durable and shiny.
Steel output set a record for two consecutive years.
Steel production is estimated to have reached 100 million tons last year.
Steel production is estimated to reach 100 million tons this year.
Steel production of the year was the highest on record.
Steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
Steel traps are illegal.
Steel yourself for the coming fight, as it won't be easy.
Steep for about 5 minutes.
Steer clear of the woods, especially at night.
Steering wheels of American cars are on the left side.
Stefan Zweig spent the last year of his life in the Brazilian city of Petrópolis.
Stefan adjusted his position.
Stefan agreed that those guys were weird.
Stefan alleged he was very sick.
Stefan almost died during a break-in.
Stefan always brings his gun with him when he goes camping.
Stefan always got scared sleeping in hotel rooms.
Stefan always kept a flashlight in his baseball bag.
Stefan always kept an eye on his brother.
Stefan always knows where Amelia is.
Stefan always walked his German Shepherd.
Stefan always walked with a baseball bat.
Stefan and Amelia didn't get along very often.
Stefan and Amelia had such a good time there.
Stefan and Amelia hung out in the kitchen, drinking wine.
Stefan and Amelia parted ways.
Stefan and Amelia played every video game she had.
Stefan and Amelia shook hands and promised to never talk about that again.
Stefan and Amelia switched hotel rooms.
Stefan and Amelia were walking down the road, laughing.
Stefan and Isabella checked the camera footage together.
Stefan and Isabella decided to go to a more private location to smoke weed.
Stefan and Isabella ran for their respective vehicles and stepped on the gas.
Stefan and Isabella rushed to his house together.
Stefan and Rima looked at each other lovingly.
Stefan and Rima quickly embraced each other.
Stefan and Rima sat on the lake side.
Stefan and Rima shared a passionate kiss.
Stefan and Rima shared their last kiss before he passed away.
Stefan and Rima talked for a while.
Stefan and Rima tried to kill each other.
Stefan and Rima will always be together.
Stefan and his girlfriend had an explosive relationship.
Stefan and his men gathered around the area.
Stefan and his men managed to repel the enemy.
Stefan and his men tried to launch an attack.
Stefan and his wife have had their fair share of arguing.
Stefan and the demon wanted to enslave humanity.
Stefan apologized for his dog's barking and walked away.
Stefan approached the lake side.
Stefan approached the shore.
Stefan arrived back at the motel.
Stefan arrived soon after.
Stefan arrived to school.
Stefan asked Amelia for a huge favor.
Stefan asked Amelia where her wallet was.
Stefan asked Amelia why she kept the door locked.
Stefan asked Isabella about her room number.
Stefan asked Isabella if she could open the door.
Stefan asked Isabella if she had jumper cables.
Stefan asked Isabella if she was stuck.
Stefan asked Rima for a swim.
Stefan asked Rima if she loved him.
Stefan asked his coach if he could go to the bathroom.
Stefan asked the police if there were any reports of a missing woman.
Stefan attends university in Bejaia, Algeria.
Stefan barged out past us.
Stefan beat Rima up.
Stefan became a vengeful man.
Stefan began to close in on Amelia.
Stefan began walking towards the tree line.
Stefan believes in reincarnation.
Stefan betrayed the emperor.
Stefan bought another oar.
Stefan broke himself free.
Stefan broke out of the bunker and ran to the nearest police station.
Stefan broke the key while he was trying to lock the door.
Stefan burnt the body to ashes.
Stefan called 911 again.
Stefan called a plumber to fix the issue.
Stefan called his brother's phone a couple of times before he picked up.
Stefan called his roadside assistance company.
Stefan called one of his employees.
Stefan called out for Isabella over and over.
Stefan called the cops to report the guy.
Stefan called the police and alerted them of the situation.
Stefan called university police.
Stefan came at the end of the game.
Stefan came back from a vacation.
Stefan came back out, leaving the door open.
Stefan came back the next morning to check on this.
Stefan came down to get some milk.
Stefan came in and sat down.
Stefan came in and sat on the couch opposite Amelia's.
Stefan came into the human world to help Rima.
Stefan came out from the shadows.
Stefan came to kill Amelia and then himself.
Stefan came to the parking area.
Stefan came to the school with a gun.
Stefan came up to the window and looked in at Amelia.
Stefan can crash here for the night.
Stefan can't remember the name of the school.
Stefan can’t see Rima again.
Stefan can’t stop his heart from beating.
Stefan carefully searched around.
Stefan carefully slipped into the warehouse.
Stefan caressed Rima’s face lovingly.
Stefan caused Rima tremendous pain.
Stefan changed and went to the pool.
Stefan checked Instagram.
Stefan checked every inch of the bathroom.
Stefan checked the lock on the door.
Stefan checked the women's bathroom and found a guy in a beanie there.
Stefan chose not to stay in Amelia's house.
Stefan chose the right key.
Stefan chuckled at Rima’s innocence.
Stefan claimed he couldn’t stop.
Stefan claimed he was a vegetarian.
Stefan closed his hood.
Stefan closed the curtains.
Stefan closed the window and latched it.
Stefan connected the cables to Isabella's battery.
Stefan consumed the fruit of immortality.
Stefan continued back down the driveway.
Stefan continued back to his truck.
Stefan continued looking into the woods.
Stefan continued to approach the intersection.
Stefan could hear Amelia breathing.
Stefan could see Isabella and her friends talking and laughing.
Stefan could see Isabella's head and shoulders.
Stefan could see the outline of Isabella's body.
Stefan could still be heard.
Stefan couldn't feel his phone.
Stefan couldn't follow Amelia.
Stefan couldn't keep up with the teenagers.
Stefan couldn't move any longer.
Stefan couldn't see anything under that cloth.
Stefan couldn't see two feet in front of him.
Stefan couldn't see what was on the screen.
Stefan couldn't sleep due to hearing scratches on the walls.
Stefan couldn't sleep in the same room as Amelia.
Stefan couldn't tell if it was a fighting couple or someone dying.
Stefan cradled Rima’s head.
Stefan crawled into bed and called 911.
Stefan crouched down with Amelia.
Stefan decided to escape alongside the servants.
Stefan decided to let the monster live.
Stefan decided to take his German Shepherd on a long walk.
Stefan deleted the CCTV footage.
Stefan described what the man looked like.
Stefan desecrated Rima’s temple.
Stefan did it in his self-defense.
Stefan did some research on the computer.
Stefan did something horrible to Amelia.
Stefan did weird things.
Stefan didn't care to chase those kids down.
Stefan didn't end up coming back.
Stefan didn't even check in.
Stefan didn't expect the bag to be that heavy.
Stefan didn't have a driver's license, so he was arrested on the spot.
Stefan didn't have his phone on him.
Stefan didn't hear Isabella's truck pass by.
Stefan didn't know what else to say.
Stefan didn't know what that object was.
Stefan didn't know who was under that bed.
Stefan didn't make any movements or sounds.
Stefan didn't need to tell Amelia about any of what happened.
Stefan didn't return to work for months.
Stefan didn't say a word about what he had just witnessed.
Stefan didn't say another word.
Stefan didn't say why he did that.
Stefan didn't see that guy again.
Stefan didn't share his information on any website.
Stefan didn't stop to look.
Stefan didn't want Isabella to be talking to him.
Stefan didn't want others to see that.
Stefan didn't want to be a bother.
Stefan didn't want to be with Amelia for another second.
Stefan didn't want to call.
Stefan didn't want to confront John.
Stefan didn't want to injure Amelia.
Stefan didn't want trouble.
Stefan didn't witness that happen.
Stefan didn’t reappear.
Stefan didn’t see anything amiss.
Stefan disappeared down the hallway.
Stefan disappeared into the darkness.
Stefan discovered an underground bunker in the woods.
Stefan dived and disappeared into the murky water.
Stefan dived into the water.
Stefan does cardio regularly.
Stefan doesn't believe that was a ghost.
Stefan doesn't know either.
Stefan doesn't know why it took him so long to make a video on that.
Stefan doesn't want to deal with his crazy wife tonight.
Stefan doesn't want to know.
Stefan dragged Rima outside the building.
Stefan dragged the bag.
Stefan dropped the bag off in the charity bin.
Stefan dropped the flashlight and sprinted to his house.
Stefan dropped the knife accidentally.
Stefan drove Isabella to her basketball games a lot.
Stefan drove his parents crazy.
Stefan drowned Rima.
Stefan drowned in the lake.
Stefan entered into the basement.
Stefan entered the park.
Stefan entered.
Stefan erupted into a full on sprint after Amelia.
Stefan erupted into a full-on sprint after Amelia.
Stefan examined Isabella's truck.
Stefan exited through the back door.
Stefan explained to the boss what happened.
Stefan extended his hand to shake.
Stefan fell asleep with ease.
Stefan fell to the floor in front of Amelia.
Stefan felt Amelia's eyes pass him as she scanned the tree line.
Stefan felt alone and horrified in the darkness and silence.
Stefan felt at ease.
Stefan felt his arms aching as he was trying to climb.
Stefan felt his legs start to give out from fear.
Stefan felt like his heart was about to explode out of his chest.
Stefan felt sweat dripping down his cheek.
Stefan felt tired and old.
Stefan finally agreed to leave the door unlocked.
Stefan finally had the chance of finding his true love.
Stefan finally left Isabella alone.
Stefan finally made it back to his house.
Stefan finally realized what he was.
Stefan finished packing and left the house.
Stefan finished peeing.
Stefan finished reading the conversation.
Stefan first moved to Algeria fourteen years ago.
Stefan flew towards the building.
Stefan flicked off the TV.
Stefan floored his truck to Isabella's place.
Stefan followed Isabella outside of the park.
Stefan followed Rima with his gaze.
Stefan followed the hunter.
Stefan forgot Isabella was even there.
Stefan forgot to zip his bag up.
Stefan found a bottle of wine.
Stefan found a very old hand grenade inside the safe.
Stefan found an escape route.
Stefan found an old safe in the basement.
Stefan found himself strapped to a chair.
Stefan found that off-putting.
Stefan found that the oar was damaged.
Stefan found the power box in the storage area.
Stefan found tons of ammunition inside the safe.
Stefan frantically looked around.
Stefan gathered a truckload full of donated clothes and items for the victims of the floods.
Stefan gave Rima a flashlight.
Stefan gave Rima a high five.
Stefan gave the gold watch to his aunt.
Stefan gestured that he couldn’t speak.
Stefan glanced back at Rima.
Stefan goes to a 24-hour gym.
Stefan got a little bit worried himself.
Stefan got a text from the university.
Stefan got back in his truck.
Stefan got back inside.
Stefan got closer to the wall.
Stefan got his money back and left.
Stefan got into the basement through the crawlspace.
Stefan got off the toilet seat and ran away.
Stefan got on his knees and peeped through the hole.
Stefan got out of bed to close the window.
Stefan got rid of the bodies.
Stefan got up after a couple minutes.
Stefan got up and listened.
Stefan got up and ran away.
Stefan got up to check.
Stefan grabbed Rima for a kiss.
Stefan grabbed the hand gun sitting on the passenger seat and got out of his truck.
Stefan grabbed the knife before Amelia could.
Stefan had a big metal rod in his hand.
Stefan had a curfew.
Stefan had a deep and rough voice.
Stefan had a fake gun.
Stefan had a few beers.
Stefan had a green Mohawk.
Stefan had a gun pointed at his face.
Stefan had a huge basement.
Stefan had a sudden urge to pee.
Stefan had a weak grip.
Stefan had an evil plan.
Stefan had difficulty doing that.
Stefan had earbuds in.
Stefan had his German Shepherd with him.
Stefan had no choice but to call the front office.
Stefan had no part in that.
Stefan had nowhere else to go.
Stefan had something in his hands.
Stefan had the distinct sounds of gunshots.
Stefan had to admit that he was a little freaked out.
Stefan had to cover Amelia's mouth with his hand.
Stefan had to get out of there fast.
Stefan had to get out of there for his own good.
Stefan had to knock on the door.
Stefan had to show his student ID badge.
Stefan had worse intentions.
Stefan handed Amelia an old-fashioned key.
Stefan handed Amelia his credit card.
Stefan handed Isabella a bag of chips.
Stefan handed Rima back the flashlight.
Stefan has a license to carry a side arm.
Stefan has a wife waiting for him.
Stefan has already taught the first two classes.
Stefan has arrived in the area.
Stefan has been living in the abandoned bunker for nearly a decade.
Stefan has been looking for Rima.
Stefan has done a great deal of camping in his life.
Stefan has gotten on his knees.
Stefan has his baseball bat in the back seat as usually.
Stefan has just committed an armed robbery.
Stefan has served time in prison.
Stefan has some social issues.
Stefan has three guest bedrooms.
Stefan has transformed into a giant creature once again.
Stefan hasn't been seen ever since.
Stefan hasn't driven in a week.
Stefan hasn't finished the movie.
Stefan headed back to his house.
Stefan headed into a clearing.
Stefan headed to his car.
Stefan heard Amelia following him.
Stefan heard Amelia laughing in the background.
Stefan heard Isabella stomping downstairs to the basement.
Stefan heard a chuckle.
Stefan heard a commotion from the classroom.
Stefan heard a knock on the back door.
Stefan heard a locker click.
Stefan heard a second bell ring.
Stefan heard a slight tap on the wall.
Stefan heard a strange buzzing sound.
Stefan heard a sudden disturbance in the water.
Stefan heard a sudden scream coming from upstairs.
Stefan heard another door closing.
Stefan heard another plop.
Stefan heard big heavy branches snapping in the distance.
Stefan heard brief scratches coming from the door.
Stefan heard crackling noises coming from the bathroom closet.
Stefan heard familiar voices.
Stefan heard footsteps approaching him.
Stefan heard footsteps around his camp.
Stefan heard footsteps moving through the leaves.
Stefan heard incoherent screaming in the hall.
Stefan heard leaves crushing from behind him.
Stefan heard little crackling noises coming from inside the closet.
Stefan heard manic footsteps hitting the concrete.
Stefan heard moaning and distressed breathing of someone in pain.
Stefan heard more noises.
Stefan heard steps circling around his tent.
Stefan heard strange noises coming from the next room over.
Stefan heard the door slowly opening.
Stefan heard the moans again.
Stefan heard the noise clearly.
Stefan heard the sound of cloth being rustled around.
Stefan heard the sound of something inside the house.
Stefan heard the water in the shower turn off.
Stefan heard weird clicking sounds.
Stefan heard what he described like a faint voice.
Stefan helped Rima kill the monster.
Stefan hid from the monster.
Stefan hid in the mine shaft.
Stefan hid the bag underneath the spare tire.
Stefan hid under the bush, watching the house.
Stefan hit Rima on the face.
Stefan hoped to find Rima some day.
Stefan hugged Rima and apologized.
Stefan hurried over to Amelia and drove the screwdriver into her back.
Stefan hurried to replace his flashlight’s batteries.
Stefan ignored Isabella's question.
Stefan imagined himself with Rima, enjoying their night in bed.
Stefan immediately called the police department.
Stefan immediately left the basement.
Stefan immediately remembered Rima.
Stefan immediately rushed outside.
Stefan immediately weakened.
Stefan is Rima’s master.
Stefan is a hockey player.
Stefan is a prisoner in a county jail.
Stefan is a serious coward.
Stefan is happy here, and so am I.
Stefan is hear to pray for a demon.
Stefan is here to seek vengeance.
Stefan is not a lucky person at all.
Stefan is so skinny.
Stefan is still friends with Amelia today.
Stefan is still inside the tent.
Stefan is the head of the monastery.
Stefan is the main character.
Stefan is the one that Rima loves.
Stefan isn't Isabella's father as he originally claimed.
Stefan joined a gym for the first time five months ago.
Stefan jumped into the woods.
Stefan jumped out the window onto the patio roof.
Stefan jumped towards Rima.
Stefan just came in and sat down.
Stefan just filled up his gas tank.
Stefan just kept running.
Stefan just murdered someone.
Stefan just stood there, motionless.
Stefan just wanted to get home safely.
Stefan just wanted to pet Isabella's German Shepherd.
Stefan kept screaming: "Isabella!"
Stefan killed a demon.
Stefan killed one of the murderers.
Stefan killed the king himself.
Stefan killed the monster right away.
Stefan killed the snakes.
Stefan knew Amelia was lying.
Stefan knew Amelia would find him.
Stefan knew he had closed the back door the night before.
Stefan knew he wasn't alone.
Stefan knew that his fate was sealed.
Stefan knew this wasn't going to end well.
Stefan knew why Isabella was in the woods.
Stefan knocked on the open door and asked if someone needed help.
Stefan knocked the soldier into the air.
Stefan knows firsthand how easily such things could happen.
Stefan lamented at Rima’s behavior.
Stefan led his German Shepherd to the kitchen.
Stefan left and Isabella was finally able to work out in peace.
Stefan left at 4:00 am.
Stefan left his back door open.
Stefan left his hazards on.
Stefan left soon after.
Stefan left the bag with the hotel manager.
Stefan left the gym and went to his truck.
Stefan left within five minutes.
Stefan let Amelia in without an ID.
Stefan let Isabella and her friends go about their business.
Stefan let Isabella in first.
Stefan let Isabella out unsupervised.
Stefan levitated all the swords into the air and launched them at the monster.
Stefan lifted his arm and started waving at Amelia.
Stefan lived in the country.
Stefan lived too far away.
Stefan lives in a small town in the middle of Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
Stefan lives in the dorms.
Stefan lives on the Mississippi Gulf coast.
Stefan locked the door to the guest bedroom.
Stefan looked annoyed at Isabella.
Stefan looked at Isabella in silence for five seconds and then said: "No!"
Stefan looked at Isabella like she was a loon.
Stefan looked for a hotel or a motel.
Stefan looked in the direction of the rink.
Stefan looked into the woods and saw Isabella hiding behind a tree.
Stefan looked into the woods, but couldn't see anything.
Stefan looked like a teacher.
Stefan looked like he was expecting company.
Stefan looked over in that direction.
Stefan lost his memory.
Stefan lost one of the master keys.
Stefan lost someone, too.
Stefan loved doing prank calls.
Stefan made Isabella feel a little better.
Stefan made Rima more confused.
Stefan made Rima one of his concubines.
Stefan made a "come-here" motion with his arm.
Stefan made it home OK.
Stefan made it past the treeline.
Stefan made it to his neighbor's house.
Stefan made it to his room as quietly as possible.
Stefan made prank calls to different pizza places.
Stefan made some noise.
Stefan managed to cripple the monster.
Stefan managed to flee the scene unharmed.
Stefan managed to get the safe open.
Stefan managed to hit the creature.
Stefan managed to see an object in the distance.
Stefan might be dangerous.
Stefan missed the news.
Stefan missed the shot.
Stefan moved away out of sight.
Stefan moved his hand away from Amelia's mouth.
Stefan must go there.
Stefan must have offended Rima’s father.
Stefan must have waited for Isabella in his truck.
Stefan must kill the one-eyed monster.
Stefan must slay the one-eyed monster.
Stefan nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard that noise.
Stefan needed another towel.
Stefan needed to find a way out.
Stefan needs to get over this nonsensical childish fear.
Stefan needs to use his student ID card to open the door.
Stefan never expected a real lockdown to happen.
Stefan never gathers the courage to tell people to leave him alone.
Stefan never gave the police his true identity.
Stefan never had to leave the house for the night.
Stefan never saw Amelia again during his stay at that hotel.
Stefan never spoke a word to us.
Stefan never stayed at that motel again.
Stefan never takes that parkway at night.
Stefan never uses the other two bedrooms.
Stefan noticed Rima’s necklace.
Stefan noticed Rima’s silhouette from afar.
Stefan noticed empty beer bottles scattered around the basement floor.
Stefan noticed that the basement door was open.
Stefan noticed the blinds moving.
Stefan noticed the flashing light across the lake.
Stefan obeyed the demon’s orders.
Stefan offered Rima a burger.
Stefan offered Rima a veggie burger.
Stefan offered his apology for startling Rima.
Stefan offered his condolences.
Stefan offered his necklace to Rima.
Stefan offered to teach Rima swimming.
Stefan once again started waving at Amelia.
Stefan only smiled at Rima.
Stefan opened his bedroom door.
Stefan opened the door and stepped inside.
Stefan opened the door and walked inside.
Stefan opened the door to let Isabella in.
Stefan opened the door without thinking.
Stefan opened the warehouse.
Stefan ordered Rima to flee.
Stefan packed up his sleeping bag and tent.
Stefan parked in the lot and went to the little front office.
Stefan peed in the woods.
Stefan peeked through one of those holes.
Stefan peered behind the cardboard box to see what was going on.
Stefan pees sitting down.
Stefan petted Isabella's knee.
Stefan picked the key to his classroom from the front office.
Stefan picked the sticky note off the screen and read it.
Stefan picked up the phone with shaking hands.
Stefan planned on sleeping in the living room.
Stefan played video games until five in the morning.
Stefan pleaded with the officer on the line to send the police there immediately.
Stefan pointed to the little house.
Stefan pressed the button and the door opened.
Stefan promised to do anything in return.
Stefan pulled Amelia back and slammed the door.
Stefan pulled up his car next to Isabella's truck.
Stefan pulled up next to the police car.
Stefan punched the demon right inside his mouth.
Stefan punished Rima.
Stefan pushed Rima off Walid.
Stefan pushed the demon away.
Stefan put his bike in Amelia's backyard.
Stefan put his eye up to one of those holes.
Stefan put his hazards on.
Stefan put in one of the keys and forced the door open.
Stefan put the bag of chips on the island.
Stefan put the box back in his truck.
Stefan put the furnace to its max setting.
Stefan put the weights down and left the gym.
Stefan quickly crawled to the doorway.
Stefan quickly ran towards his daughter.
Stefan ran a renovation business.
Stefan ran away from the area immediately.
Stefan ran away from the building.
Stefan ran back to his room.
Stefan ran down the street.
Stefan ran into Isabella in a dark alley.
Stefan ran out of the warehouse into a nearby forest.
Stefan ran out the back door.
Stefan ran out to the hallway.
Stefan ran quickly to the warehouse.
Stefan ran the hotel and lived in it.
Stefan ran through the trees.
Stefan ran to catch the guy who just left.
Stefan ran to his bike.
Stefan ran to the lake side.
Stefan ran towards Rima immediately.
Stefan ran until he was out of breath.
Stefan reached out to grab Amelia.
Stefan reached the exit door.
Stefan realized he was cursed.
Stefan realized that he owed Rima his life.
Stefan realized that he was cursed.
Stefan reappeared.
Stefan received a booking confirmation email.
Stefan recognized the guy in the beanie.
Stefan refuses to go there.
Stefan regained a straight face and tried to continue with the prank call.
Stefan regained his power.
Stefan relaxed a little bit.
Stefan relaxed in his truck.
Stefan remained still.
Stefan remembered to shut the back door.
Stefan remembers that like it was yesterday.
Stefan remembers this memory vividly.
Stefan requested we switch rooms.
Stefan retaliated immediately.
Stefan returned inside.
Stefan returned to his hideout.
Stefan revealed Rima’s true appearance.
Stefan revealed himself to be a monstrous creature.
Stefan rubbed his eyes, sat up and listened.
Stefan rummaged through the toolbox.
Stefan rushed inside the building.
Stefan rushed to his building.
Stefan rushed to the security room.
Stefan rushed towards Rima.
Stefan said he was mute.
Stefan said he wasn’t deaf.
Stefan said that Isabella was responsible for his divorce.
Stefan sat on a stone.
Stefan sat on one of the benches facing the lake.
Stefan sat on one of the stools by the island.
Stefan sat on the boat.
Stefan sat on the grass to catch his breath.
Stefan sat on the shore.
Stefan sat outside.
Stefan sat there for a few seconds with his whole body shaking.
Stefan sat there in the pitch black forest.
Stefan saved the emperor.
Stefan saved the woman.
Stefan saw Amelia dragging something outside the house.
Stefan saw Amelia in that bed.
Stefan saw Amelia through the glass, smiled and asked her to open the door.
Stefan saw Isabella enter the room and stopped conducting.
Stefan saw Isabella first.
Stefan saw Isabella through that hole.
Stefan saw John struggling with the man.
Stefan saw Rima in a boat.
Stefan saw a face looking back at him through the window.
Stefan saw a giant creature staring at him.
Stefan saw a lot of Satanic insignia in Amelia's room.
Stefan saw a man walking down the hallway.
Stefan saw a piece of wood.
Stefan saw a silhouette standing at the back door.
Stefan saw a tall dark figure standing by the bedroom door.
Stefan saw a woman swimming nearby.
Stefan saw his phone in the water.
Stefan saw someone standing on the hood of his truck.
Stefan saw the monster who killed Rima.
Stefan saw two of the car doors open.
Stefan says he thinks he's about to die.
Stefan scanned the area.
Stefan scolded Isabella quietly.
Stefan scratched his head.
Stefan screamed at the man to get off Isabella.
Stefan screamed at the top of his lungs for at least five seconds.
Stefan screamed out in anger.
Stefan seemed to hold no grudge.
Stefan seemed to know where he was going.
Stefan seemed to like Isabella's German Shepherd and she liked him, too.
Stefan sees this.
Stefan selfishly just went to bed.
Stefan sent the footage to the police.
Stefan shared the bed with his brother.
Stefan shined the light down the hall.
Stefan shivered.
Stefan shook his head.
Stefan shot the monster, but it didn't flinch.
Stefan shouldn't come back because Dad is still super pissed.
Stefan showed Rima the memories of his past.
Stefan showed the class an educational documentary.
Stefan shut his eyes and just lied there motionless.
Stefan shut the back door.
Stefan shut the door and tried to lock it, but he couldn't.
Stefan shut the door on Isabella.
Stefan sleeps all day.
Stefan slept in the same bed as Amelia.
Stefan slept with his mother until he was fourteen.
Stefan slid off the basketball court.
Stefan slowly died in Rima’s arms.
Stefan slumped in his chair.
Stefan smiled at Rima innocently.
Stefan smiled in agreement.
Stefan smoked outside.
Stefan snapped out of his trance.
Stefan snuck back out the back door.
Stefan sought vengeance.
Stefan sounded tense.
Stefan spelt out his name in the air.
Stefan spoke in a strange voice.
Stefan spoke with a tremble in his voice.
Stefan spotted another person in the huge gym working out.
Stefan sprinted back to his truck.
Stefan sprinted upstairs to his parents' room.
Stefan squeezed through the window.
Stefan stabbed Amelia in the heart.
Stefan stabbed the monster and it immediately dropped dead.
Stefan stabbed the monster.
Stefan stared at Rima’s necklace.
Stefan started freaking out on the phone.
Stefan started making his way over to Isabella's car.
Stefan started petting Isabella's German Shepherd.
Stefan started putting his stuff in his bag.
Stefan started running down the trail.
Stefan started staring Isabella down.
Stefan started swimming away.
Stefan started to beat himself up for not waiting for the next bus.
Stefan started to develop some beef with his dad who was a huge hothead.
Stefan started to drift off to sleep.
Stefan started to have an uneasy feeling about that place.
Stefan started to hear breathing noises.
Stefan started to pack his things as fast as possible.
Stefan started to put everything he saw into a huge bag.
Stefan started to ring the doorbell.
Stefan started trash-talking Isabella and her classmates.
Stefan started walking back to the truck.
Stefan started walking quietly.
Stefan stayed in his hotel room by himself.
Stefan stayed in that mine shaft for hours.
Stefan stayed on the line with the police.
Stefan stepped into the room and it smelt like a mix of cotton and vomit.
Stefan stepped into the room cautiously.
Stefan stepped on a broken piece of glass.
Stefan stepped out of the woods.
Stefan stepped out to look at Isabella.
Stefan still felt Isabella's stare through his peripheral vision.
Stefan still wanted to help Amelia.
Stefan stole Amelia's wallet and watch.
Stefan stole Isabella's phone, laptop, and valuables and got away with it scot free.
Stefan stole the jewels.
Stefan stood there like an animal frozen in headlights.
Stefan stood up and walked to the exit door.
Stefan stopped all the bullets mid-air.
Stefan stopped staring at Isabella.
Stefan stopped the truck.
Stefan stopped to catch his breath.
Stefan stopped waving.
Stefan stuck out his hand for his ticket.
Stefan suddenly turned around.
Stefan suggested that we stay there for as long as we needed.
Stefan swam away.
Stefan swore up and down that he saw Isabella in the parking lot.
Stefan swore vengeance.
Stefan takes camping as seriously as Isabella.
Stefan talked about Rima affectionately.
Stefan tapped on the window and called Isabella's name.
Stefan teaches geometry and algebra.
Stefan tended to walk alone.
Stefan texted Isabella about the whole thing.
Stefan thanked Rima for her kindness.
Stefan thanked the police officer and walked away.
Stefan thought it was just some local teenagers goofing off.
Stefan thought that no one was around.
Stefan threw his stuff in the back seat and drove away.
Stefan threw his truck in reverse.
Stefan threw the handle into reverse and stepped on the gas.
Stefan tiptoed down the stairs.
Stefan told Amelia to run to her car.
Stefan told Isabella his name.
Stefan told Isabella to go back outside.
Stefan told Rima about the location of her boyfriend.
Stefan told all his friends in the building to stay in their apartments.
Stefan told the police that those guys were harassing us.
Stefan too arrived soon after.
Stefan took a few steps back.
Stefan took his German Shepherd for a long walk.
Stefan took his German Shepherd for a walk around the neighborhood.
Stefan took his German Shepherd to explore that abandoned house.
Stefan took one last look into the woods and jumped into his car.
Stefan took out a big knife and lounged at Amelia.
Stefan took out his phone to call the cops.
Stefan took pictures of parts of his basement.
Stefan took refuge in an abandoned school.
Stefan took the bathroom pass and left the classroom.
Stefan took the creature’s head as a trophy.
Stefan took walked in through the back door of Isabella's house.
Stefan tore down his old house and built a new home.
Stefan transformed into a demon.
Stefan transformed into a massive dragon.
Stefan transformed into a warrior.
Stefan trapped the demon inside a statue for four hundred years.
Stefan tried all the keys he had.
Stefan tried putting on the TV, but the remote didn't work.
Stefan tried the doorknob, but it was locked.
Stefan tried to enjoy the rest of his night.
Stefan tried to get Rima to pray to the demon.
Stefan tried to grab something to eat at the restaurant.
Stefan tried to help.
Stefan tried to interfere.
Stefan tried to open the safe.
Stefan tried to pull the door open but it was locked from the inside.
Stefan tripped over something in the dark.
Stefan tugged his German Shepherd forward.
Stefan tugged his German Shepherd to keep running.
Stefan turned and continued walking.
Stefan turned and started walking back up the hill.
Stefan turned around and there was Isabella.
Stefan turned his head away.
Stefan turned into stone.
Stefan turned off the TV and went over to the window to see who it was.
Stefan turned on his flashlight.
Stefan turned the TV off and went to bed.
Stefan twitched on the floor.
Stefan undressed and Rima secretly peered at him.
Stefan unlocked the padlock.
Stefan unzipped his tent and crawled outside.
Stefan used Isabella's phone, pretending to be her.
Stefan used to work the nights at a 24-hour gym in Montreal.
Stefan very softly called Isabella's name.
Stefan waited for Isabella to come fix the laptop.
Stefan waited for Isabella to return.
Stefan waited for the game to end.
Stefan waited patiently.
Stefan waited until he could no longer hear Amelia.
Stefan walked around between the aisles.
Stefan walked away from the door.
Stefan walked away too far from his phone.
Stefan walked for like five minutes.
Stefan walked into the hotel, too.
Stefan walked over to Isabella's truck.
Stefan walked past Isabella and through the exit.
Stefan walked to the lake shore.
Stefan walks his German Shepherd twice a day.
Stefan wanted Amelia to come over for the night.
Stefan wanted that night to be over.
Stefan wanted to abduct Isabella.
Stefan wanted to defeat the dragon.
Stefan wanted to explore that abandoned house.
Stefan wanted to follow Isabella on Twitter.
Stefan wanted to go back to the bleachers.
Stefan wanted to go explore an abandoned hospital.
Stefan wanted to go swimming in the hotel pool.
Stefan wanted to see gators.
Stefan was a big bald guy with a goatee.
Stefan was a bit freaked out.
Stefan was a percussionist.
Stefan was a retired seventy-year-old living in Bejaia, Algeria.
Stefan was able to kill Rima.
Stefan was able to save Rima just in time.
Stefan was about to piss himself when he saw the cops.
Stefan was already dying.
Stefan was an innocent religious man who has never been in love.
Stefan was approach by a humanoid of more than two meters.
Stefan was approaching Amelia fast.
Stefan was approaching women with crude threatening comments.
Stefan was arrested and questioned by the police.
Stefan was asking Isabella personal questions.
Stefan was asleep by that time.
Stefan was at Isabella's dorm building.
Stefan was at the end of the street.
Stefan was back in the water.
Stefan was begging Isabella to do a video about that.
Stefan was being paranoid.
Stefan was blocking Amelia's path.
Stefan was carrying a dead deer in the bed of his truck.
Stefan was carrying a gun in his hoodie pocket.
Stefan was checking the other room.
Stefan was clearly no match for the demon.
Stefan was clearly very reluctant to come.
Stefan was constantly checking his surroundings.
Stefan was cool to hang out with.
Stefan was defeated by the demon.
Stefan was devoured by a monster.
Stefan was devoured by the monster.
Stefan was directly under a street light.
Stefan was distracted by Rima’s beauty.
Stefan was doing his usual rounds.
Stefan was dragged out from under the bed.
Stefan was dragging a bag on the ground.
Stefan was dressed all black with a hood over his head.
Stefan was driving an old Mustang.
Stefan was driving home from work.
Stefan was embarrassed by all the stares his classmates were giving him.
Stefan was facing Amelia.
Stefan was followed by someone in the park.
Stefan was full-on running towards Isabella.
Stefan was getting closer to the stairs.
Stefan was given the bathroom pass.
Stefan was going around the class, helping the students out with their creations.
Stefan was halfway through his walk with his German Shepherd when Isabella called.
Stefan was holding a massive rod.
Stefan was hysterical in reaction to what Isabella told him.
Stefan was in a warehouse filled with huge cardboard boxes.
Stefan was in another locker aisle.
Stefan was in fifth grade.
Stefan was in freshman year.
Stefan was in his bed which was right next to Isabella's.
Stefan was in his forties at the time.
Stefan was in pure shock.
Stefan was in the area for an interview.
Stefan was in the locker room.
Stefan was intently staring at Isabella.
Stefan was just taking a road trip.
Stefan was lifted by Rima.
Stefan was living in a fairly large city.
Stefan was locked in the warehouse.
Stefan was locked out of his classroom.
Stefan was locked up with lifers.
Stefan was looking for a light switch.
Stefan was looking for the tree of immortality.
Stefan was making his way down the same road back home.
Stefan was missing only one ingredient to complete his magic.
Stefan was moving behind the lockers as if he was hiding.
Stefan was my good friend.
Stefan was never caught.
Stefan was never really too good at basketball.
Stefan was never to be heard of again.
Stefan was off the next day.
Stefan was once again staring at Isabella.
Stefan was only five trees away from Amelia.
Stefan was outside the door.
Stefan was passing through Oklahoma.
Stefan was planning to abduct another person.
Stefan was playing basketball back in high school.
Stefan was pounding on the wall with his fist.
Stefan was praying for safety.
Stefan was pushed back immediately.
Stefan was put in custody.
Stefan was quickly defeated by the demon.
Stefan was reading a paper.
Stefan was ready to push the door open.
Stefan was ready to take on his enemy.
Stefan was really fat.
Stefan was relaxing in the hotel.
Stefan was screaming at the top of his lungs: "Amelia! Open up!"
Stefan was shaming Isabella's religion.
Stefan was silent, processing what just happened.
Stefan was silent, trying to process what just happened.
Stefan was sitting at the front desk.
Stefan was sitting backward.
Stefan was sitting behind the counter, reading a magazine.
Stefan was sitting in the empty teachers' lounge.
Stefan was sitting on the sidewalk.
Stefan was slightly embarrassed.
Stefan was spending time with his girlfriend.
Stefan was standing at the foot of the bed.
Stefan was standing behind a tree.
Stefan was standing by a tall tree.
Stefan was standing on the other side of the door.
Stefan was staring at Isabella with a haunting smile on his face.
Stefan was staring at Rima from the shore.
Stefan was staying in a bunker.
Stefan was still frozen in that spot.
Stefan was still in the gym.
Stefan was still in the kitchen.
Stefan was still managing the building.
Stefan was strapped to a chair.
Stefan was stuck on the road and needed Isabella's help.
Stefan was suffering on the ground.
Stefan was swimming in the lake.
Stefan was taken down by the police.
Stefan was taking his German Shepherd for his regular night walk.
Stefan was the mayor of Akbou, Algeria.
Stefan was the only one around in the hotel.
Stefan was the only one working out.
Stefan was thinking about how to escape.
Stefan was too scared to even move.
Stefan was transporting the dead deer to Montreal where he intended to sell it.
Stefan was trapped in a huge warehouse.
Stefan was trying to comprehend what was going on.
Stefan was trying to find his way into the abandoned building.
Stefan was trying to keep his cool so as not to piss Isabella off.
Stefan was trying to lock the door.
Stefan was unaware that someone was watching him.
Stefan was unbothered by that.
Stefan was undaunted.
Stefan was very average-looking.
Stefan was visibly worried.
Stefan was waiting for Isabella to open her bag of chips.
Stefan was walking around Isabella's tent.
Stefan was walking around the aisles.
Stefan was walking back to his mansion.
Stefan was walking down a narrow path in the park.
Stefan was walking down the block.
Stefan was walking his dog down a lowkey path in the huge park.
Stefan was walking next to Isabella.
Stefan was walking not that far behind Amelia.
Stefan was walking towards his room.
Stefan was watching a movie on his laptop.
Stefan was watching the first Saw movie.
Stefan was wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt.
Stefan was wearing a clown mask.
Stefan was wearing jeans and a sweater.
Stefan washed his hands in the lavatory.
Stefan wasn't a member of the gym.
Stefan wasn't allowed past the police.
Stefan wasn't doing anything.
Stefan wasn't even in the gym anymore.
Stefan wasn't really tired.
Stefan wasn't there anymore.
Stefan watched a scary movie last night.
Stefan watched everything.
Stefan watched in disgust.
Stefan waved back at Rima.
Stefan waved someone down to drive him to the next gas station.
Stefan waved the bat in Isabella's face.
Stefan went back inside.
Stefan went back out to the basement.
Stefan went back to his dorm building.
Stefan went back to the gym.
Stefan went closer to the TV.
Stefan went down to the front desk to complain about a rude employee.
Stefan went from the den to the kitchen.
Stefan went in first.
Stefan went in front of Rima’s statue.
Stefan went straight home after saying bye to Amelia.
Stefan went straight to bed.
Stefan went through Amelia's yard.
Stefan went through the rusty door.
Stefan went to eat a nearby McDonald's.
Stefan went to his hotel room.
Stefan went to the canal to see the gators.
Stefan went to the exit door.
Stefan went to the front desk to ask for his money back.
Stefan went to the front desk to get his money back.
Stefan went to the front office.
Stefan went to the teachers' lounge.
Stefan went up the hill to Isabella's house.
Stefan will never forget that experience.
Stefan woke to a noise.
Stefan woke to find himself strapped to a chair.
Stefan woke up as well.
Stefan woke up at 4:00 am because his dad was snoring.
Stefan woke up to loud noises coming from the basement.
Stefan won't be answering texts for a while.
Stefan won't wear any of these.
Stefan wore a wireless headphone when he goes to the gym.
Stefan wore his life jacket.
Stefan worked as a night watch at a warehouse.
Stefan worked side by side with a murderer.
Stefan yelled at Isabella to get in the corner.
Stefan's German Shepherd continued growling at Isabella.
Stefan's German Shepherd doesn't like Isabella.
Stefan's German Shepherd started barking at something.
Stefan's German Shepherd started growling at something in the woods.
Stefan's German Shepherd started to make wimpering sounds.
Stefan's German Shepherd suddenly went ballistic, barking at the woman.
Stefan's German Shepherd tried to pull him into the woods.
Stefan's German Shepherd was barking at the shed.
Stefan's German Shepherd was fixated on Isabella's car.
Stefan's German Shepherd was looking at the abandoned house.
Stefan's apartment was modest.
Stefan's aunt and uncle live in Bejaia, Algeria.
Stefan's backyard is literally huge.
Stefan's basement was completely full of junk.
Stefan's basement was more of a cellar.
Stefan's body was still shaking.
Stefan's campfire was breathing its last breaths.
Stefan's dog was a Golden Retriever.
Stefan's hands were literally shaking.
Stefan's hat hid a lot of his face.
Stefan's heart was actually safe.
Stefan's hobby is camping.
Stefan's hotel looked a little rundown.
Stefan's house was being worked on.
Stefan's house was situated in a gap between street lights.
Stefan's kitchen was ransacked completely.
Stefan's laughter echoed in Amelia's ears.
Stefan's legs couldn't move.
Stefan's maniacal laughter was ringing in Amelia's ears.
Stefan's master key has access to all the rooms of the hotel.
Stefan's nose seemed to be fucked-up.
Stefan's old Mustang had issues.
Stefan's parents were more upset than Amelia's.
Stefan's property is surrounded by trees.
Stefan's property overlooks a large lack.
Stefan's room was in the middle of the hall on the fourth floor.
Stefan's roommate wasn't back yet.
Stefan's school would routinely practice lockdown drills.
Stefan's scream echoed throughout the whole building.
Stefan's stare sent shivers down both our spines.
Stefan's story is extremely crazy.
Stefan's team was down like five to nothing.
Stefan's tires were replaced.
Stefan's truck ran out of gas.
Stefan's truck was still there.
Stefan's truck was towed to a repair shop.
Stefano Boeri, a renowned Italian architect and urban planner, says the shift from cities to villages should be encouraged by governments with financial incentives.
Stefan’s body was turning into dust.
Stefan’s eyes turned red.
Stefan’s eyes were still red.
Stefan’s flashlight didn’t turn on.
Stefan’s plan was successful.
Stegosaurs dwindled in the Cretaceous and appear to have gone extinct before the end of the period.
Stegosaurs were armoured dinosaurs.
Stegosaurs were flightless.
Steins;Gate is a very enjoyable anime.
Stella danced at the recital.
Stella has five grandchildren.
Stella is a Hungarian Jew.
Stella is a Hungarian Jewish woman.
Stella is a Jewish Hungarian.
Stella is a widow.
Stella is a woman of valor.
Stella is an ideal woman.
Stella proved to be far more inhibited than her more adventurous father.
Stella really is dead!
Stella started working as an office clerk during World War II while her husband was overseas.
Stella volunteers at a Catholic hospital.
Stem cuttings are an example of a propagule.
Stenography is a technique to hide information in plain sight.
Step #1: Buy a puppy. Step #2: Buy a stethoscope. Step #3: Feed puppy a huge meal. Step #4: Listen to all the awesome gurgling sounds in the puppy's little tummy.
Step 1. Heat the vegetable oil (0.5L) (any grease or a mixture of oil and grease) in the pot on high heat, add sliced onions (400g), fry until the onions take a yellow color, then add meat (any kind) (1kg).
Step 1: Be attractive.
Step Lightly. Most rocks are covered with living animals and plants. Step carefully to avoid crushing them.
Step aside!
Step aside, please.
Step aside.
Step aside. You're blocking the way.
Step away from me.
Step away from me. You are harassing me.
Step away from that girl.
Step away from that window.
Step away from the car and put your hands on your head.
Step away from the car.
Step away from the controls.
Step away from the door.
Step away from the gun.
Step away from the prisoner.
Step away from the vehicle.
Step back a little, please, sir.
Step back, Satan!
Step back, please.
Step back.
Step by step, he descends the stairs.
Step by step, the child learns to walk.
Step by step, we're traveling around the world.
Step forward and make room for others.
Step forward.
Step gingerly.
Step in here, please.
Step inside, Tom.
Step inside.
Step into my office.
Step into the light.
Step into the wonderful world of my sentence.
Step off the train all alone at dawn.
Step on a crack, break yo' momma's back.
Step on it!
Step on it.
Step on the accelerator.
Step on the dance pad to the beat to hit the arrows scrolling up the screen.
Step on the gas.
Step on the scale.
Step one is done.
Step one is not to panic.
Step one is to admit that you've got a problem.
Step one is to ask yourself what needs to be done.
Step one is to assemble your team.
Step one is to clean off your desk.
Step one is to collect data.
Step one is to come up with a plan.
Step one is to create a plan.
Step one is to decide what order you're going to do things.
Step one is to determine whether it's something that really needs to be done.
Step one is to jot down a few key points that you want to talk about.
Step one is to relax.
Step one. Get fur hat. Step two. Learn drums. Step three. Get facelift.
Step out here.
Step out into the hall. I'd like to speak with you.
Step out of that room, sir.
Step out of the booth, sir.
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.
Step out of the car, please.
Step out of the van, please.
Step out of the way!
Step outside.
Step right up and try your luck at this game, win a plushie!
Step right up and try your luck, win a baby duck!
Step right up and win a goldfish!
Step right up!
Step right up, gents, and say what you'll have.
Step right up, gents, and say what you’ll have.
Step this way, please.
Step to the side.
Step up your game.
Steph is a beast; she can eat 9 cheeseburgers in a go.
Stephan is German. German is his mother tongue. He knows perfectly other languages, such as Italian, Esperanto and Toki Pona.
Stephan was completely wet through.
Stephanie Flack is working with the National Park Service, the principal landowner, on a conservation plan to protect the Gorge from the more than four million people who live nearby. She says invasive species, a growing deer population, and adjacent land use are the major problems.
Stephanie Flack says the conservation plan she is developing with the National Park Service is an attempt to focus attention on the management of this urban oasis and to protect its bio-diversity from both recreational overuse and pollution from upstream development.
Stephen Clark, a junior, spent two months of his summer on a paid internship, helping to restore the home in Washington, DC that former President Abraham Lincoln used as a summer retreat during America's Civil War.
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy.
Stephen Hawking once held a party for time travelers, but no one turned up.
Stephen Hawking once held a party for time travelers. He sent invitations only after the party.
Stephen Hawking passed away today at the age of 76.
Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after the death of Galileo.
Stephen Hawking was born on January 8, 1942 in Oxford, England.
Stephen Hawking's father wanted him to pursue medicine.
Stephen King is one of my favorite authors.
Stephen King is one of my favourite writers.
Stephen King writes about evil people.
Stephen Miller is a white nationalist.
Stephen O'Brien, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, has said that more than 20 million people faced the threat of starvation and famine in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan and Nigeria.
Stephen died.
Stephen is cutting the grass.
Stephen travels more than his boss.
Stephen was able to surpress the existential terror he was feeling in the traditional manner: drinking excessively.
Stephen was soaking wet.
Stepping into the carriage the princess drove to the grand entrance of the palace.
Stepping on fallen autumn leaves made a satisfying crunching noise.
Stepping out of the donut shop and into the parking lot, Tom noticed that a flyer had been left on his car.
Stepping outside my comfort zone is my goal.
Stepping over a rope could bring bad luck to the herd.
Stepping through the front door, Tom recognised instantly the pungent smell of Mary's perfume.
Stereotypes and TV are intimately related.
Stereotypes are confusing and misleading.
Stereotypes exist for a reason.
Stereotypes shouldn't exist.
Stereotypes suck.
Stereotypical beliefs about femininity hinder women's empowerment and limit their opportunities for growth.
Stereotyping crying as feminine perpetuates harmful gender biases and restricts emotional expression.
Steroids sound like an easier solution.
Steve Fossett did not limit himself to sailing and flying. He also competed in the one thousand eight hundred kilometer race through Alaska called the Iditarod Dogsled Race. And, he entered the Ironman Triathlon in Hawaii. Competitors must complete one hundred eighty kilometers of bicycling, forty-two kilometers of running and almost four kilometers of swimming.
Steve Fossett succeeded in all areas of air travel except space. He once said that flying in a space shuttle would be very interesting, but if he went into space, he would have wanted to be the pilot. This independence, bravery and energy made Steve Fossett one of the great adventurers of modern times.
Steve Irwin was a famous Austrian TV personality.
Steve L., a Cantonese coworker at my Vancouver Gastown software workplace, exaggerated Western manners to the point of being like a caricature. He was a very technical man.
Steve Ogburn, who was only 15 when he started tagging railcars in 1972 using the nickname BLADE, remembers always keeping an eye out for the police.
Steve Pacala says the study contributes to the on-going debate about how the Earth's complex ecosystems should be managed.
Steve admits to hoping his kids would develop a love for jazz.
Steve and Jane always walk to school arm in arm.
Steve bought a ranch in Texas.
Steve did not come home.
Steve didn't complain.
Steve didn't want to rock the boat.
Steve ended up on the dole.
Steve goes to school with Kate.
Steve had to shell out $50.00 for the speeding ticket he got last week.
Steve is a fusty old man who won't listen to music made after 1975.
Steve is a jack of all trades and a master of none.
Steve is a man of good character.
Steve is an American name.
Steve is getting on the bus.
Steve is wearing a black turtleneck.
Steve looked very happy.
Steve looks happy.
Steve looks like he's in his cups.
Steve looks quite happy.
Steve received a letter from Jane.
Steve spends the most of all the family.
Steve told me the tale of his travels.
Steve was loved by all.
Steve was not reassured by the disclaimer.
Steve will get married to Nancy next week.
Steve's motorbike broke down in the tunnel.
Steve, I heard you were the baby of the family.
Steven Spielberg himself invited us to a private movie screening.
Steven Spielberg is a film director.
Steven lives in Florida.
Steven suffers from dyslexia.
Steven was a bad loser. He even refused to shake his opponent's hand.
Steven was a sore loser, refusing even to shake his opponent's hand.
Steve’s pride in his children is clear.
Stew two pounds of good cooking apples, using as little water as possible.
Stick 'em up!
Stick 'em up! This is a robbery!
Stick a notice on the board.
Stick a stamp on the envelope.
Stick another stamp on the envelope.
Stick around for a while.
Stick around here until everyone leaves.
Stick around to the end.
Stick around. Maybe you'll learn something.
Stick at it, and you'll pass the exam.
Stick at it, and you’ll pass the exam.
Stick it on later.
Stick it out.
Stick it to authority!
Stick it to the Man!
Stick it to the man!
Stick it to the system!
Stick it up your arse.
Stick it up your ass!
Stick it up your jumper.
Stick out your tongue and say "aah."
Stick out your tongue.
Stick that fucking pride up your ass.
Stick the bag down under the seat.
Stick the gum in a wrapper before throwing it away.
Stick the magnet on the fridge.
Stick this sticker to the glass.
Stick to it!
Stick to it.
Stick to jackets that aren't too gaudy.
Stick to jackets that aren’t too gaudy.
Stick to the facts.
Stick to the path.
Stick to the rules, please.
Stick to the subject!
Stick to the subject, don't go off on a tangent.
Stick to the subject.
Stick to the task at hand.
Stick to well-lit streets and avoid dark alleys.
Stick to what you know.
Stick to what you're good at.
Stick to your guns.
Stick to your plan.
Stick together as a family, because it's easy to get lost.
Stick together, team!
Stick true to your word.
Stick with Tom.
Stick with him.
Stick with it and you'll succeed.
Stick with it and you’ll succeed.
Stick with it, and don't give up.
Stick with me until we get out of the crowd.
Stick with me, Ziri.
Stick with me.
Stick with what feels natural to you.
Stick with what you're good at.
Stick your finger through your throat!
Stick your hand in the cage and, if the timid fox cannot flee, it may snack on your fingers.
Stick your hands up!
Stick your nose into it and tell me what you smell.
Stick your tongue out and say "aah."
Sticking labels on everything just makes the whole labelling thing feel pointless now.
Sticking to that awful habit of yours won't do your mental health any favors.
Sticking up philosophical words together won't make you more of an intellectual.
Sticking up philosophical words together won’t make you more of an intellectual.
Sticks and stones can break my legs, but words don't hurt me.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.
Sticky spots can often be effectively cleaned with a vinegar and water solution.
Sticky tape works as a temporary solution, but will not last long.
Stiff upper lip!
Still a bit slow but way more competitive.
Still as he had been accustomed to swim merely in rivers he only buoyed himself up with difficulty, and his distress was great when fortunately necessity taught him what course he should adopt; he darted forward between two of the cows, grasped a horn of each of them and was then carried along as securely and naturally as if he had been riding in his own wain.
Still deep in her heart rankled the judgment of Paris and the injustice of her scorned beauty, and the hated race, and the honors of kidnapped Ganymede.
Still don't believe me?
Still gleams an element of hope.
Still more rain is expected on Monday.
Still more surprised was he on entering to find two young men in possession of his sitting-room. One, with a long pale face, was leaning back in the rocking-chair, with his feet cocked up upon the stove. The other, a bull-necked youth with coarse, bloated features, was standing in front of the window with his hands in his pockets whistling a popular hymn.
Still no sign of any gazelle.
Still no word from Tom?
Still operating the same way it did 200 years ago, the mill draws some visitors and offers fresh grits and flour for local residents and restaurants.
Still others are traders who have always lived by trading and continue to follow their traditional ways.
Still others simply travel around America in recreational vehicles, seeing parts of the country they had been too busy to see before.
Still pulling at my sleeve, she led me away from the cottage.
Still recovering from last night?
Still she was silent, for the sarcasm in Erskine’s voice was angering her.
Still sleepy, right?
Still steadily rising, we passed over a narrow granite bridge, and skirted a noisy stream which gushed swiftly down, foaming and roaring amid the grey boulders.
Still still is the pond I remember.
Still the referee's decisions were dissaster
Still to come... buttermilk-fried bullfrog legs, braised wild boar with Himalayan blackberry glaze and Asian carp boulettes.
Still today, my sister persists in her claim to be our parents' sole heir.
Still trying to keep my day simple in the afternoon of the 26th of February of 2022, I headed to the pizzeria, and on the way were my Greek Cypriot neighbours Nikki the mother and George the son, who just recently took up smoking. I said that he could have taken up some other "habits." Then the conversation switched to the topic of Mexican cuisine and its hidden variety. I had pizza and diet black soda at the pizzeria, where there were some South Asians, as clients and vendor, as well as a Cockney-accented white man. Heading home, I saw Michael, who was from Francophone New Brunswick, as he smoked and promenaded on the sidewalk. He bowed to me, as I approached. I then showed him the Thai bowing greeting with pressed palms and said in Thai, "Sawatdee khrap!" Michael repeated it. He then said, "There are all sorts of cultures in the planet, eh?" Just then, two Sikhs walked by, one in black turban, the other in pink.
Still want a quilt?
Still waters run deep.
Still, I hope you have a wonderful day.
Still, I'm sure I had two before.
Still, Saint Petersburg is a mysterious city. Today, for instance, in the Moika River was found a professor from a local university with two severed female hands in a backpack.
Still, Sergeant Turner’s show, broadcast from his teaching kitchen at Fort Lee, Virginia, has its military cadence, although peppered with more humor than your average drill sergeant.
Still, hurdles remain before the robot could be used in a real-world scenario. It still needs to be able to adapt to environmental variations like wind as well as be able to detect moving objects like birds.
Still, if it were true, I think I'd know it.
Still, it would be best for you if you didn't see me anymore.
Still, many investors remained wary.
Still, many people consider Zamboanga as the City of Flowers.
Still, that's not a bad deal.
Still, the GOP currently controls both chambers of 30 state legislatures.
Still, the war was not over.
Still, things haven't really improved.
Still, we can't just cut people's salaries without giving them some warning.
Still, why?
Still.
Still?
Stills from science fiction films hang on the walls.
Stilts are a lost art.
Stingrays and sharks, being related, share some traits, like electroreception and teeth that are constantly shed and regrown.
Stingrays only use their stingers defensively, so injuries to humans are rare.
Stink bug bites leave blemishes on vegetables.
Stinky situations can be easily avoided.
Stipulations were made.
Stir everything together and cook on low for three hours.
Stir it well.
Stir once every fifteen minutes.
Stir the fire.
Stir the mixture until it foams, then set it aside.
Stir the paint with a stick.
Stir the soup until it boils.
Stir the soup.
Stir together the ingredients in a bowl.
Stir until smooth.
Stir until the butter is melted.
Stir well to keep it from burning.
Stir, and you are a dead man.
Stir-fry the ingredients which were cut into bite-sized pieces.
Stoats are the worst enemy of birds in New Zealand.
Stock investments do not always yield profit.
Stock market crashes benefit the wealthy, who can buy stock and property for pennies on the dollar and sell it when the economy recovers.
Stock market trends are extremely hard to understand.
Stock markets are viewed as barometers providing early warnings of future trends in economic activity. If that is so, are the markets telling us that a new recession is around the corner?
Stock markets around the world tumbled Monday over fears that China’s coronavirus outbreak is causing long-term damage to the supply chains that are the lifeblood of the global economy.
Stock markets in Japan fell Thursday, but not as drastically as the plummets experienced by U.S. markets a day earlier that amplified recession fears.
Stock prices could fall.
Stock prices could skyrocket.
Stock prices declined for five consecutive days.
Stock prices dropped.
Stock prices fell quickly.
Stock prices fell sharply.
Stock prices on Wall Street plunged Monday.
Stock prices plunged to a record low.
Stock prices soared in active trading as corporations announced good financial results.
Stock prices were mixed on the Tokyo market today.
Stock up on as much money as possible, given that the German account is always awful.
Stock up on canned foods.
Stock up on charcoal.
Stock-raising is one of the farmer's occupations and the animals are carefully selected according to their breed.
Stock-raising is one of the farmer’s occupations and the animals are carefully selected according to their breed.
Stock... that's all we are to them...
Stockholm is Sweden's capital.
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.
Stocking up can help.
Stockings are hung for Santa Claus to fill during the night.
Stockings should be of the proper size.
Stocks are going up.
Stocks are still far from deeply undervalued.
Stocks fell hard.
Stocks fell off a cliff this quarter.
Stocks hammered on sluggish data.
Stocks hit a new high.
Stoked by drought-parched vegetation and triple-digit temperatures, the Carr Fire has killed six people, destroyed 1,567 homes and other structures and blackened 131,896 acres (53,376 hectares). It ranks as the sixth most destructive California wildfire on record.
Stoking up the flames made the campsite warm and inviting for everyone.
Stole? I never said she stole my money.
Stolen money never bears fruit.
Stone was used to build their houses.
Stoner notes that some species of primates may actually help degraded areas of forest to re-grow, by dispersing seeds as they move between forest fragments.
Stones also have a soul.
Stones are generally considered dead material.
Stones collected from all over the world are used.
Stones don't float.
Stones don't swim.
Stones don’t swim.
Stones that are all adjacent to one another are called a string.
Stones were being connected along the lines like beads on a string.
Stoning is a good deal easier than convincing.
Stonks only go up.
Stony corals reproduce by releasing their eggs and sperm all at the same time. This spawning cycle is one of nature’s most spectacular events.
Stop Tom before it is too late.
Stop Tom before it's too late.
Stop Tom.
Stop a minute.
Stop a moment.
Stop acting cute!
Stop acting jealous.
Stop acting like I don't exist.
Stop acting like I'm your servant.
Stop acting like a baby.
Stop acting like a child.
Stop acting like a jerk.
Stop acting like a mindless automaton.
Stop acting like a petulant child every time you don't get your way.
Stop acting like a spoiled child.
Stop acting like a spoiled kid.
Stop acting like a spoilt child!
Stop acting like a spoilt child.
Stop acting like a teenager.
Stop acting like a temperamental child!
Stop acting like a victim.
Stop acting like an idiot.
Stop acting like such a fool.
Stop acting like such a weirdo.
Stop acting like this Tom! I'm tired of this nonsense! Just have done with it already!
Stop acting like this.
Stop acting like you care.
Stop acting like you understand me.
Stop acting silly.
Stop acting the child.
Stop acting the goat!
Stop acting the maggot.
Stop acting.
Stop adding ingredients to the soup.
Stop aggravating me.
Stop agreeing with everything I say!
Stop all of your charlatanry then!
Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone, prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone, silence the pianos and with muffled drum bring out the coffin, let the mourners come.
Stop all the fuss!
Stop already!
Stop always being like that!
Stop always putting yourself last.
Stop and get your breath back.
Stop and pull yourself together.
Stop and smell the roses.
Stop and think about it.
Stop and think it over for a minute.
Stop and think.
Stop and think: Why would she cheat on you?
Stop annoying me.
Stop answering the door.
Stop apologizing all the time!
Stop apologizing for things that aren't your fault.
Stop apologizing!
Stop apologizing.
Stop apologizing. It's all forgotten.
Stop arguing about money.
Stop arguing with Tom.
Stop arguing with each other.
Stop arguing with me.
Stop arguing with your brother!
Stop arguing with your sister!
Stop arguing.
Stop asking Tom so many questions.
Stop asking about it.
Stop asking me all these weird questions.
Stop asking me for a drink! Go and get one yourself.
Stop asking me for a drink! Go get it yourself.
Stop asking me questions about Islam.
Stop asking me questions about the Quran.
Stop asking me so many questions.
Stop asking me to bring you a drink! Go and get one yourself.
Stop asking me.
Stop asking questions.
Stop asking so many questions.
Stop asking stupid questions!
Stop asking stupid questions.
Stop asking the same thing over and over.
Stop asking these intrusive questions!
Stop asking these questions.
Stop asking yourself useless questions.
Stop asking!
Stop at once.
Stop at the corner.
Stop at the newsstand to buy the paper.
Stop at the tax office.
Stop attacking me!
Stop avoiding me.
Stop avoiding the question.
Stop babbling nonsense!
Stop babbling.
Stop bad mouthing Tom.
Stop bad mouthing them.
Stop bad-mouthing her.
Stop bad-mouthing him.
Stop badgering me.
Stop banging on the door!
Stop banging your head on the floor.
Stop barking!
Stop bashing Islam.
Stop beating a dead horse.
Stop beating about the bush and tell me what the problem is!
Stop beating about the bush.
Stop beating around the bush and answer my question!
Stop beating around the bush and get right to the point.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
Stop beating around the bush and give it to me straight!
Stop beating around the bush and just tell me what you want.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me directly why you're so angry.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me directly why you’re so angry.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me plainly what you want from me.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me the truth.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me what I need to do.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened.
Stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think.
Stop beating around the bush.
Stop beating on the door!
Stop beating yourself up and start beating up fascists.
Stop beating yourself up.
Stop begging for class notes.
Stop begging!
Stop begging.
Stop behaving like you’re still a student.
Stop being a Debbie downer.
Stop being a baby.
Stop being a bitch.
Stop being a brat.
Stop being a cat!
Stop being a crybaby.
Stop being a fan of Miley Cyrus!
Stop being a jerk, you meanieface!
Stop being a jerk.
Stop being a nuisance!
Stop being a people pleaser.
Stop being a silly ditz.
Stop being a weirdo.
Stop being an ass, and leave him alone.
Stop being an idiot.
Stop being annoying!
Stop being annoying.
Stop being capricious.
Stop being childish.
Stop being cowards.
Stop being cranky.
Stop being cruel.
Stop being difficult.
Stop being disrespectful at work.
Stop being fucking retarded!
Stop being fussy and eat what's on your plate!
Stop being hypocritical.
Stop being lazy and find something to do.
Stop being lazy.
Stop being mad.
Stop being mean to Tom.
Stop being mean to each other.
Stop being narrow-minded.
Stop being naughty.
Stop being nosey.
Stop being nosy.
Stop being overlooked at work.
Stop being pessimistic! Everything will sort itself out.
Stop being ridiculous.
Stop being sarcastic all the time!
Stop being silly.
Stop being so arrogant about this.
Stop being so bull-headed!
Stop being so childish!
Stop being so childish.
Stop being so controlling.
Stop being so cruel. Have a heart!
Stop being so curious.
Stop being so cute!
Stop being so damn stupid.
Stop being so disturbing.
Stop being so dramatic.
Stop being so emotional and think about it rationally.
Stop being so emotional and think logically, for once!
Stop being so emotional.
Stop being so fucking retarded!
Stop being so full of yourself.
Stop being so gay!
Stop being so immature.
Stop being so inflammatory.
Stop being so judgmental.
Stop being so lazy and go up the stairs.
Stop being so mean to everyone!
Stop being so mean to everyone.
Stop being so naive.
Stop being so negative, for crying out loud.
Stop being so neurotic.
Stop being so nice to me.
Stop being so nice.
Stop being so nosy.
Stop being so pathetic!
Stop being so pessimistic.
Stop being so picky about everything.
Stop being so picky.
Stop being so politically correct.
Stop being so racist to any skin color that's not yours.
Stop being so ridiculous!
Stop being so selfish. The red shoes you wanted are sold out, and only the blue ones are left.
Stop being so silly!
Stop being so silly.
Stop being so stubborn.
Stop being so stupid.
Stop being so superstitious.
Stop being so suspicious.
Stop being so unreasonable.
Stop being so vague.
Stop being so whiny - you'll start to get on everyone's nerves.
Stop being stupid and come back.
Stop being stupid.
Stop being such a baby.
Stop being such a bookworm!
Stop being such a dork.
Stop being such a hard-ass. Come on over.
Stop being such a jerk.
Stop being such a misery guts.
Stop being such a nuisance!
Stop being such a pest!
Stop being such a prude!
Stop being such a smart-aleck in class.
Stop being such a snob.
Stop being such a weirdo.
Stop being such dolts.
Stop being the victim.
Stop being too nice to your clients.
Stop being underestimated at work.
Stop believing in me.
Stop believing you will get life-changing information from 50-dollar-a-month courses.
Stop berating him, he didn't do it on purpose.
Stop biting me.
Stop biting my hand!
Stop biting your nails already.
Stop biting your nails.
Stop blame your parents for things that you do.
Stop blaming each other.
Stop blaming everything on Tom.
Stop blaming him for your mistakes.
Stop blaming others for your mistakes.
Stop blaming your coworkers.
Stop blaming yourself.
Stop blaming yourselves.
Stop blathering and just get to the point!
Stop blocking my sunlight.
Stop blubbering! It's not that bad.
Stop borrowing my clothes without asking.
Stop borrowing my clothes without my permission.
Stop bossing me around.
Stop bossing you around.
Stop bothering Tom.
Stop bothering her.
Stop bothering him!
Stop bothering me!
Stop bothering me.
Stop bothering me. I'm busy.
Stop bothering my friend.
Stop bothering my wife.
Stop bothering the cat.
Stop bothering the other guests.
Stop bothering us.
Stop bothering your brother.
Stop bothering your father.
Stop bragging.
Stop braying!
Stop braying.
Stop breaking into our neighbor's cars!
Stop breathing.
Stop bringing up my father.
Stop brooding.
Stop bugging me with your annoying questions!
Stop bugging me!
Stop bugging me, I'm going to do it!
Stop bugging me.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
Stop bugging me. I’m busy.
Stop bullshitting yourself.
Stop bullying Tom.
Stop bullying her.
Stop bullying him.
Stop bullying me!
Stop bullying people.
Stop bullying the weak Jennifer!
Stop bullying.
Stop burning incense! I have asthma.
Stop busting my balls.
Stop by and see your brother.
Stop by anytime.
Stop by at the grocery store and get these things for me.
Stop by if you're ever in the neighborhood.
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood.
Stop by the florist's to buy some roses.
Stop by whenever you can.
Stop calling her that!
Stop calling him that!
Stop calling me Miss Smarty-pants.
Stop calling me Thomas. I'm Tom!
Stop calling me Tom.
Stop calling me Tom. That's not my name.
Stop calling me a little kid!
Stop calling me a little kid.
Stop calling me already.
Stop calling me honey.
Stop calling me names. That'll do you no good.
Stop calling me names. That’ll do you no good.
Stop calling me that!
Stop calling me that.
Stop calling me.
Stop calling them Mom and Dad! You're not their daughter!
Stop caring about what people think about you.
Stop caring so much about what everyone is thinking about you.
Stop caring what other people think about you.
Stop caring what other people think of you.
Stop carping!
Stop castigating yourself.
Stop castrating kids.
Stop causing problems for everyone.
Stop changing sides!
Stop changing the subject.
Stop changing your mind! A while ago, you said you wanted to go, but now you say you don't want to. Are you really going or aren't you?
Stop chattering and finish your work.
Stop chatting and start working!
Stop chatting.
Stop cheating on Skura.
Stop chemtrails!
Stop chewing rudely!
Stop chewing so much gum, or you'll mess up your mouth.
Stop chewing so much gum, you're gonna mess up your mouth.
Stop chewing tobacco. It's not good.
Stop chit-chatting and work.
Stop clapping.
Stop clinging to your glory days, or you'll be left behind.
Stop clinging to your glory days, or you’ll be left behind.
Stop clowning around!
Stop clowning around.
Stop clubbing the suspect and let him talk already!
Stop coddling these people.
Stop comparing Tom with Mary.
Stop comparing apples to oranges.
Stop comparing yourself to others.
Stop comparing yourselves to others.
Stop complaining about everything.
Stop complaining about the weather.
Stop complaining about your perfect life!
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
Stop complaining and do as you’re told.
Stop complaining and do the work you were asked to do.
Stop complaining and do what I tell you to do.
Stop complaining and do what you were told to do.
Stop complaining and get back to work.
Stop complaining and get weaving!
Stop complaining and just do it.
Stop complaining and obey!
Stop complaining and start working.
Stop complaining so much, and do something constructive!
Stop complaining to me about nothing.
Stop complaining!
Stop complaining, and come have a drink with us instead. That will change your mind.
Stop complaining.
Stop complaining. I'm only doing what you asked me to do.
Stop confusing yourself!
Stop constantly interrupting me.
Stop contributing to Tatoeba. You're addicted.
Stop copying me.
Stop copying my sentences.
Stop correcting me.
Stop coughing.
Stop coughing. I can't hear the TV.
Stop cracking your knuckles.
Stop cradling that verb! Let it go!
Stop creasing the pages!
Stop creating trouble.
Stop criticizing me!
Stop criticizing me.
Stop crying already.
Stop crying and get your act together​.
Stop crying for no reason.
Stop crying like a girl.
Stop crying like a little girl.
Stop crying or I'll throw you to the dogs.
Stop crying!
Stop crying! Crying doesn't help.
Stop crying, please.
Stop crying.
Stop crying. You have to go.
Stop crying. You'll ruin your mascara.
Stop cursing.
Stop cussing.
Stop dancing.
Stop dating losers!
Stop dawdling.
Stop daydreaming and come down from your tree!
Stop daydreaming.
Stop defending Sami.
Stop defending Tom.
Stop defending him!
Stop deluding yourself.
Stop deluding yourselves.
Stop discussing religion and politics at work.
Stop dissing me in front of Mary.
Stop distracting me.
Stop disturbing Tom now!
Stop disturbing the game!
Stop doing drugs.
Stop doing it, you mindless muppets.
Stop doing math!
Stop doing that immediately.
Stop doing that right now.
Stop doing that!
Stop doing that! We've told you a hundred times that it'll accomplish nothing! It's like talking to a wall!
Stop doing that! We’ve told you a hundred times that it’ll accomplish nothing! It’s like talking to a wall!
Stop doing that, Tom.
Stop doing that, Yanni.
Stop doing that, and do your homework.
Stop doing that, and get back to work.
Stop doing that, please.
Stop doing that.
Stop doing that. The boy is clearly scared.
Stop doing that. You're embarrassing me.
Stop doing that. You're upsetting her.
Stop doing these things.
Stop doing this right now.
Stop doing this.
Stop doing what you're doing and come over here.
Stop doing what you're doing for a couple of minutes and watch this.
Stop doing what you're doing.
Stop double-talking me.
Stop doubting me.
Stop doubting yourself.
Stop dragging your feet.
Stop dragging your heels.
Stop dramatizing.
Stop dreaming about it.
Stop dreaming and help me!
Stop dreaming and open your eyes.
Stop dreaming! If you can't work, you can't go to Germany.
Stop dreaming.
Stop dreaming. It won't happen.
Stop dreaming. It's not going to happen.
Stop dreaming. It's not happening.
Stop dreaming; that won't happen.
Stop drinking so much! You are making a fool of yourself.
Stop drinking!
Stop drinking! You are addicted!
Stop drinking.
Stop drinking. You're addicted.
Stop drinking. You're the designated driver.
Stop drowning for people who wouldn't even go in the water for you.
Stop drumming on the desk!
Stop dwelling on the past.
Stop eating bacon.
Stop eating between meals.
Stop eating candies.
Stop eating chocolate or else you will get fat.
Stop eating crayons!
Stop eating high-calorie foods and swap them for a healthy, balanced alternative.
Stop eating in bed, I’m sick of cleaning up after you.
Stop eating in bed. I'm sick of cleaning up after you.
Stop eating in bed. I'm tired of cleaning up afterwards.
Stop eating junk food.
Stop eating right now.
Stop eating so many cherries. You are going to get sick!
Stop eating that crap.
Stop eating that.
Stop eating.
Stop embarrassing me.
Stop embarrassing yourself.
Stop embarrassing yourselves.
Stop everything.
Stop exaggerating.
Stop expecting too much from me.
Stop faffing around.
Stop fantasizing.
Stop farting, you pig!
Stop farting.
Stop fat shaming me.
Stop fawning on me.
Stop feeding me wormy fruit.
Stop feeding your bad habits.
Stop feeling guilty.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself.
Stop feeling sorry for yourselves.
Stop feeling yourself.
Stop fidgeting and sit quietly.
Stop fighting and start negotiating. War isn't a solution, it's just suffering.
Stop fighting!
Stop fighting, you guys!
Stop fighting, you rascals! These battles between boys rarely end well. Trouble is sure to come to you!
Stop fighting, you two!
Stop fighting.
Stop fighting. It will get us nowhere.
Stop fighting. We're all on the same team here.
Stop filming.
Stop finding fault with my every word.
Stop finding fault with others.
Stop flailing around!
Stop flirting with Tom.
Stop flirting with me!
Stop flirting with me.
Stop flirting with my sister!
Stop flirting with my sister.
Stop following me around.
Stop following me!
Stop following me.
Stop fooling around and help me pick this mess up!
Stop fooling around and help me!
Stop fooling around!
Stop fooling around.
Stop for a minute and catch your breath.
Stop for a moment.
Stop for two minutes and watch this.
Stop freeloading already.
Stop fronting, you have no idea what's going on.
Stop frowning at this food.
Stop frowning your forehead!
Stop frowning!
Stop frowning.
Stop fucking with Tom.
Stop fumbling around with the car keys and open the door.
Stop fussing over me. I'm fine.
Stop fussing.
Stop futzing around and get to work already!
Stop gambling.
Stop ganging up on me.
Stop gawking at Tom.
Stop gawking at him.
Stop gawking.
Stop gesticulating.
Stop getting on my nerves.
Stop getting yourself all wound up.
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.
Stop getting yourself wound up.
Stop giving Tom weapons.
Stop giving me orders.
Stop giving me such a venomous look.
Stop giving me such difficult questions, please.
Stop goading your little brother!
Stop going on and on.
Stop going on at me about maths!
Stop going there.
Stop going through Mom's purse.
Stop goofing off and finish your work.
Stop goofing off and get back to work!
Stop goofing off and get back to work.
Stop goofing off here and get back to work.
Stop gossiping about my kids.
Stop gossiping and get back to work.
Stop gossiping.
Stop grade-grubbing.
Stop grandstanding and help me!
Stop grinning like an idiot.
Stop grumbling.
Stop hanging around here.
Stop hanging out with losers!
Stop hanging out with losers.
Stop harassing Tom.
Stop harassing her.
Stop harassing him.
Stop harassing me!
Stop harassing me.
Stop harassing them.
Stop harassing us.
Stop hemming and hawing around.
Stop hemming and hawing.
Stop her!
Stop her.
Stop here.
Stop hiding your head in the sand.
Stop hiding your light under a bushel, Hezekiah.
Stop hiding your light under a bushel.
Stop him!
Stop him.
Stop hitting Tom.
Stop hitting her.
Stop hitting me!
Stop hitting me.
Stop hitting on me.
Stop hitting the cat!
Stop hitting the cat.
Stop hitting your brother.
Stop hitting your sister.
Stop hitting yourself.
Stop holding it over my head.
Stop holding on to petty and meaningless things that prevent you from getting ahead and from moving ahead with your life.
Stop horsing around.
Stop humming and hawing!
Stop humming and hawing.
Stop humming.
Stop hurrying me. You're making me nervous.
Stop hurting me.
Stop imagining things.
Stop imitating Tom.
Stop imitating me.
Stop immediately!
Stop immediately.
Stop in anytime.
Stop in town to drink coffee.
Stop inappropriate content the moment it is posted.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat a little slower.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat more slowly.
Stop insulting Tom!
Stop insulting Tom.
Stop insulting each other.
Stop insulting her!
Stop insulting her.
Stop insulting me!
Stop insulting me.
Stop interfering in my life.
Stop interfering with Tom.
Stop interfering.
Stop interrupting me all the time.
Stop interrupting me!
Stop interrupting me, Yanni.
Stop interrupting me.
Stop interrupting.
Stop it already!
Stop it already, you're going to wake the neighbors up!
Stop it now!
Stop it now.
Stop it or I'll scream!
Stop it please!
Stop it right now!
Stop it right now.
Stop it this minute!
Stop it!
Stop it! I'm a Giants fan.
Stop it! I’m a Giants fan.
Stop it! You're making her feel uncomfortable!
Stop it! You're making my head hurt.
Stop it! You're tickling me!
Stop it! You’re making her feel uncomfortable!
Stop it, Tom! It's not funny anymore!
Stop it, Tom.
Stop it, it's annoying.
Stop it, please.
Stop it, you're exaggerating!
Stop it.
Stop it. Get some help.
Stop it. He's our friend, isn't he?
Stop it. He’s our friend, isn’t he?
Stop it. It's annoying!
Stop it. That's enough.
Stop it. You're being ridiculous.
Stop it. You're embarrassing me.
Stop it. You're making me blush.
Stop it. You’re being ridiculous.
Stop joking around! We haven't just met here by mere coincidence. You've been following me in secret all this time because you suspected me.
Stop joking around.
Stop joking.
Stop joking. It's a serious matter.
Stop judging me!
Stop judging me.
Stop judging people by their skin colour.
Stop jumping on the bed!
Stop jumping on the bed.
Stop kicking Tom.
Stop kicking Ziri's seat.
Stop kicking her.
Stop kicking me.
Stop kicking the back of my seat.
Stop kidding around.
Stop kidding me.
Stop kidding yourself that people change over time.
Stop killing animals, people.
Stop kissing my ass.
Stop kissing strange boys!
Stop knocking things over, you big galoot!
Stop kowtowing to China!
Stop kvetching!
Stop labeling people.
Stop lamenting, get to work.
Stop lamenting, girls, get to work.
Stop lamenting, sirs, get to work.
Stop laughing like a horse.
Stop laughing or else you are going to tell the murderer where we are!
Stop laughing!
Stop laughing.
Stop laughing. It's not funny.
Stop lazing around and look for a job.
Stop leaving clothes all over the floor.
Stop leaving empty cartons in the fridge!
Stop leaving your clothes all over the floor.
Stop leaving your clothes on the floor.
Stop letting Tom treat you like that.
Stop listening to Tom.
Stop listening to propaganda.
Stop listening to this crappy music.
Stop looking at her.
Stop looking at me like that!
Stop looking at me like that, you'll make me blush.
Stop looking at me like that.
Stop looking at me like that. You're scaring me.
Stop looking at me that way.
Stop looking at me!
Stop looking at me.
Stop looking at that girl.
Stop looking at what you don't have and start being thankful for what you do have.
Stop looking down.
Stop looking elsewhere.
Stop looking for a prince on a white horse; there's no such thing.
Stop looking for problems, Tom.
Stop looking out the window.
Stop lying and start telling the truth.
Stop lying to me.
Stop lying to yourself.
Stop lying!
Stop lying.
Stop maize monoculture, and reestablish multiple cropping, to combat the loss of landscape and soil diversity.
Stop making a fool of yourself.
Stop making a fool of yourself. Everyone is laughing at you.
Stop making a fuss about nothing.
Stop making a fuss over nothing.
Stop making a fuss.
Stop making a martyr of yourself.
Stop making a scene in the street in front of other people.
Stop making a scene.
Stop making excuses for Tom.
Stop making excuses for her!
Stop making excuses for him!
Stop making excuses for him.
Stop making excuses.
Stop making fools of yourselves.
Stop making fun of Tom.
Stop making fun of me!
Stop making fun of me.
Stop making it out to be my fault.
Stop making matters worse.
Stop making me laugh.
Stop making me mad, it'll escalate!
Stop making me nervous.
Stop making quick assumptions about me.
Stop making so much noise.
Stop making so much noise; I'm trying to concentrate on my studies.
Stop making stupid people famous.
Stop making such a fuss!
Stop making that duck face!
Stop making that face.
Stop making that slurping noise when you eat your pasta.
Stop making this terrible noise.
Stop making those faces.
Stop making watery food. It's gross.
Stop making yourself look like the victim every single time! Please show some maturity and get a grip on yourself and please stop having that victim mentality.
Stop me if I go off on a tangent.
Stop me if you can.
Stop me if you've heard this one before.
Stop me if you've heard this one.
Stop me if you’ve heard this one.
Stop meddling.
Stop meeting famous people!
Stop messing about.
Stop messing around and get on with your work!
Stop messing around and get ready for school.
Stop messing around and hurry up.
Stop messing around and put your shoes on.
Stop messing around!
Stop messing around.
Stop messing with Tom.
Stop messing with me.
Stop messing with my stuff.
Stop micromanaging everything!
Stop mimicking me!
Stop mimicking me.
Stop moaning and do something.
Stop moaning and get going.
Stop mocking me.
Stop monkeying around!
Stop moping about here doing nothing and get back to work quick smart.
Stop moping around!
Stop more often while reading in order to think over what you're reading about.
Stop moving about and sit still!
Stop moving around so much! You're making the boat pitch, and we'll end up capsizing.
Stop moving!
Stop moving.
Stop mucking about and give me a hand.
Stop mucking about and put your shoes on.
Stop mucking about!
Stop mucking about.
Stop mucking around!
Stop mumbling.
Stop mutilating kids.
Stop nagging me.
Stop negative self-talk.
Stop next to the school.
Stop nit-picking.
Stop nitpicking!
Stop nitpicking.
Stop nitpicking. It's all the same.
Stop now or I'll scream!
Stop now, please.
Stop obsessing over that.
Stop obsessing over the man you broke up with. You should find a new partner.
Stop opening those drawers.
Stop or I'll pull the car over!
Stop or I'll shoot!
Stop or I'll shoot.
Stop ordering me about! You're not my mum!
Stop ordering me about. You're not my mum.
Stop ordering me around.
Stop overreacting.
Stop overworking your own mind with such silly questions!
Stop panicking!
Stop patronizing me.
Stop peeing on the barn.
Stop peeking.
Stop peppering me with questions.
Stop pestering me with your questions!
Stop pestering me, I’m busy.
Stop pestering me. I'm busy.
Stop petting the cat and start making some dinner for me.
Stop petting their head when you're in front of people. Don't you think it's embarrassing for them?
Stop phubbing me.
Stop picking on Tom.
Stop picking on her.
Stop picking on him.
Stop picking on me.
Stop picking on people.
Stop picking on them.
Stop picking on us.
Stop picking your nose.
Stop pinching me.
Stop pissing me off.
Stop pissing people off.
Stop playing Minecraft.
Stop playing a fool.
Stop playing and come inside.
Stop playing and get back to work.
Stop playing around.
Stop playing cat and mouse with me and tell me the news.
Stop playing devil's advocate, Tom.
Stop playing devil's advocate.
Stop playing dumb! The security guards saw you shoplifting!
Stop playing dumb.
Stop playing games, Tom.
Stop playing games, Tom. I want my money!
Stop playing games.
Stop playing hard to get.
Stop playing jokes on me.
Stop playing pranks on me!
Stop playing stupid.
Stop playing the fool.
Stop playing the victim.
Stop playing these stupid games on your phone.
Stop playing tricks on your brother.
Stop playing up.
Stop playing video games and get to the gym.
Stop playing video games and go to the gym.
Stop playing video games for three years.
Stop playing video games. You're addicted.
Stop playing with my hair.
Stop playing with that thing.
Stop playing with that.
Stop playing with the cat. We have to go.
Stop playing with words!
Stop playing with your hair.
Stop playing with yourself!
Stop playing your video game for a minute and help me assemble this desk.
Stop poking around here.
Stop poking around!
Stop poking me on Facebook.
Stop poking me.
Stop popping pimples in front of the mirror.
Stop posting spoilers.
Stop pounding on the wall.
Stop pouting!
Stop pouting.
Stop pressuring Tom!
Stop pressuring Tom.
Stop pressuring me.
Stop pretending and confess the truth.
Stop pretending everything's OK.
Stop pretending like there's nothing going on.
Stop pretending like you know what you're talking about.
Stop pretending that everything's OK.
Stop pretending that everything's okay. It's not.
Stop pretending that you can't do that.
Stop pretending that you care.
Stop pretending to be a dolphin.
Stop pretending to be asleep.
Stop pretending to be someone else just to have someone in your life. The right people will like you as you are and the other ones won't last.
Stop pretending to be someone else just to have someone in your life. The right people will like you just as you are, and the rest of them won't stick around.
Stop pretending to be something that you aren't.
Stop pretending to be something that you're not.
Stop pretending to be something you aren't.
Stop pretending to be something you're not.
Stop pretending to be stupid.
Stop pretending to not understand.
Stop pretending you don't know me.
Stop pretending you don't know the answer.
Stop pretending you're in the dark.
Stop pretending.
Stop procrastinating!
Stop procrastinating.
Stop procrastinating–starting tomorrow.
Stop protecting me.
Stop provoking your little brother!
Stop prowling around here.
Stop publishing bullshit.
Stop pulling goofy faces.
Stop pulling my hair!
Stop pulling my hair.
Stop pulling your sister's hair.
Stop punching me.
Stop pushing me from behind!
Stop pushing me.
Stop pushing!
Stop pushing.
Stop putting all the blame on others for your own shortcomings! Take a closer look at yourself and you'll do others a great personal service.
Stop putting food on my plate.
Stop putting off finding a job.
Stop putting on an act.
Stop putting so much emotion in this.
Stop questioning me.
Stop quibbling.
Stop rabbiting on.
Stop rambling on!
Stop ramming your ideas down our throats.
Stop ranting.
Stop reading about diseases, Tom.
Stop reading and start eating, Tom.
Stop reading comic books while working.
Stop reading while we're driving, or you'll get dizzy.
Stop reading.
Stop repeating everything I say.
Stop repeating yourself!
Stop repeating yourself.
Stop reprimanding Tom!
Stop resisting!
Stop resisting.
Stop resting your elbows on the table.
Stop right here.
Stop right now!
Stop right now.
Stop right there!
Stop right there, I said.
Stop right there, Tom.
Stop right there, please.
Stop right there, that's enough.
Stop right there, you criminal scum!
Stop right there.
Stop running your mouth!
Stop running!
Stop running.
Stop saying I stink when I don't!
Stop saying bullshit!
Stop saying spoilers.
Stop saying that!
Stop saying that, please.
Stop saying that.
Stop saying those kinds of things.
Stop saying trifles! Focus on the main point.
Stop saying where you're located!
Stop scaring Tom.
Stop scaring her.
Stop scaring him.
Stop scaring me!
Stop scaring me.
Stop scaring people with something that doesn't exist.
Stop scaring the child!
Stop scaring them.
Stop scaring us.
Stop scolding Tom.
Stop scolding me!
Stop scowling at this food.
Stop scowling.
Stop scratching me.
Stop scratching your head so much, you're getting dandruff all over me.
Stop screaming at me!
Stop screaming in my ears.
Stop screaming like a girl.
Stop screaming!
Stop screaming! You're giving me a headache.
Stop screaming.
Stop scribbling on the wall!
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
Stop sending me e-mails about your Facebook status updates!
Stop sending me flowers.
Stop shitting yourself.
Stop shooing the chickens.
Stop shooting the breeze and get to work!
Stop shooting!
Stop shooting, Tom! We are here to help you.
Stop shooting.
Stop should-ing on yourself.
Stop shouting at Tom!
Stop shouting at me!
Stop shouting at me.
Stop shouting.
Stop shoving!
Stop shoving.
Stop showing off already.
Stop showing off your iPhone.
Stop showing off!
Stop showing off.
Stop showing up late and disrupting the conversation.
Stop shuffling.
Stop singing that song!
Stop singing that song.
Stop singing this song.
Stop singing.
Stop skulking around!
Stop slacking or I'll fire you.
Stop slagging off my brilliant idea, it's not naive at all!
Stop slagging off my brilliant idea, it’s not naive at all!
Stop slamming the door.
Stop slavering.
Stop smiling so mischievously.
Stop smiling.
Stop smoking crack.
Stop smoking next to the children.
Stop smoking!
Stop smoking, doctor, and practice what you preach.
Stop smoking, please.
Stop smoking.
Stop smoking. You're addicted.
Stop snacking or you’ll gain weight!
Stop sniffing.
Stop sniffling and blow your nose.
Stop sniffling.
Stop sniveling, Tom.
Stop snorting like a pig.
Stop snorting when you laugh!
Stop spamming the chat with memes.
Stop spamming the chat.
Stop speaking French.
Stop speaking in riddles.
Stop speaking right now.
Stop speaking so fast, I can't understand you.
Stop spending money on frivolous things.
Stop spending money on stupid things.
Stop spending my money.
Stop spending so much money.
Stop spending so much time looking for love and spend more time working on yourself!
Stop spending time on stupid things.
Stop spinning around in your chair!
Stop spinning around.
Stop spinning in that chair!
Stop spinning.
Stop spitting!
Stop spouting nonsense.
Stop spreading these lies!
Stop spying on me.
Stop spying on us.
Stop squabbling.
Stop squirming. Sit still.
Stop stalling and do what I told you.
Stop standing in the way.
Stop staring at Tom.
Stop staring at her breasts!
Stop staring at her like that.
Stop staring at her.
Stop staring at it like that.
Stop staring at me in that manner.
Stop staring at me like that.
Stop staring at me like this. You're creeping me out.
Stop staring at me.
Stop staring at my tits all the time.
Stop staring into space.
Stop staring like that.
Stop staring out the window.
Stop staring.
Stop staring. It's rude.
Stop stealing my example sentences.
Stop stealing my sentences.
Stop sticking your nose in everything.
Stop sticking your nose into other people's business.
Stop sticking your nose into other people’s business.
Stop struggling!
Stop strutting around at once!
Stop studying!
Stop studying.
Stop stuffing your face in bed. I'm sick of cleaning up after you.
Stop sucking up to the teacher.
Stop sulking and eat your breakfast.
Stop sulking!
Stop supporting her!
Stop swearing, please.
Stop swearing, you fucking bitch.
Stop swearing.
Stop taking advantage of his weakness.
Stop taking away my right to take away other people's right.
Stop taking pictures!
Stop taking pictures. You look like a tourist.
Stop taking things for granted.
Stop taking things personally, Dan.
Stop taking things so personally.
Stop taking yourself so seriously.
Stop talking about Tom!
Stop talking about Tom.
Stop talking about Tom. Now!
Stop talking about her.
Stop talking about him.
Stop talking about me.
Stop talking about my ass, OK?
Stop talking about my brother.
Stop talking about my family.
Stop talking about my friend like that.
Stop talking about that.
Stop talking about the game.
Stop talking about the same topic!
Stop talking about them.
Stop talking about this.
Stop talking about us.
Stop talking about what happened.
Stop talking about work.
Stop talking about your ex-girlfriend.
Stop talking about yourself and start talking about others!
Stop talking about yourself.
Stop talking and eat.
Stop talking and get back to work.
Stop talking and kiss me.
Stop talking and let's get to work!
Stop talking and listen to me.
Stop talking and listen.
Stop talking and pay attention.
Stop talking and start listening.
Stop talking and start working!
Stop talking back to me.
Stop talking bollocks!
Stop talking like a fool.
Stop talking like that.
Stop talking loudly.
Stop talking nonsense and focus on your work.
Stop talking nonsense and help me with moving this box.
Stop talking nonsense and help me.
Stop talking nonsense.
Stop talking out of your ass.
Stop talking politics in Tatoeba's comments.
Stop talking right now.
Stop talking shop!
Stop talking so fast.
Stop talking to Daniel.
Stop talking to Tom and do your homework.
Stop talking to Ziri.
Stop talking to me about Marika.
Stop talking to me about Tom.
Stop talking to me.
Stop talking to my friend like that.
Stop talking when the teacher comes in.
Stop talking with each other and listen!
Stop talking!
Stop talking, Yanni.
Stop talking, please.
Stop talking.
Stop talking. Now.
Stop taunting him, you're going to make him cry!
Stop taunting me.
Stop teasing Mary like that.
Stop teasing Mary. Can't you see she's going to cry?
Stop teasing Tom about that.
Stop teasing Tom and me.
Stop teasing Tom like that.
Stop teasing Tom.
Stop teasing each other.
Stop teasing her.
Stop teasing him.
Stop teasing me.
Stop teasing your brother!
Stop teasing your sister!
Stop telling Tom what he should do.
Stop telling everyone you're my brother.
Stop telling lies.
Stop telling me how to live my life.
Stop telling me it is my baby.
Stop telling me to calm down.
Stop telling me to smile.
Stop telling me what to do and mind your business.
Stop telling me what to do.
Stop telling me what to do. You're not my mom.
Stop telling people you're my boyfriend.
Stop telling tales.
Stop telling those filthy stories.
Stop telling us how great you are.
Stop telling us what to do.
Stop texting me!
Stop texting me.
Stop that at once.
Stop that car!
Stop that car.
Stop that damn banging on the wall!
Stop that flautist!
Stop that immediately.
Stop that nail-biting habit.
Stop that noise.
Stop that nonsense.
Stop that now.
Stop that right now before someone gets hurt!
Stop that right now.
Stop that talk.
Stop that thief!
Stop that thing.
Stop that truck.
Stop that woman.
Stop that!
Stop that! Don't you see he's scared?
Stop that, or I'll fix your wagon.
Stop that, or I’ll fix your wagon.
Stop that, please.
Stop that.
Stop the advance of the enemy.
Stop the broadcast.
Stop the bus exactly at the station.
Stop the bus!
Stop the bus.
Stop the bus. I'm getting off here.
Stop the car here.
Stop the car immediately.
Stop the car now!
Stop the car now.
Stop the car!
Stop the car.
Stop the car. I need to get out.
Stop the car; I need to get out!
Stop the chatter!
Stop the childish cutesy act.
Stop the corruption!
Stop the countdown.
Stop the discussion.
Stop the enemy's advancement.
Stop the enemy’s advancement.
Stop the engine!
Stop the engine.
Stop the flow of blood from the wound.
Stop the motor!
Stop the nonsense!
Stop the persecution!
Stop the pursuit!
Stop the talk!
Stop the train.
Stop them!
Stop them.
Stop there.
Stop thief!
Stop thief, stop thief!
Stop thinking about Freud.
Stop thinking about Fyodor.
Stop thinking about Tom, please.
Stop thinking about Tom.
Stop thinking about her.
Stop thinking about him.
Stop thinking about it.
Stop thinking about me.
Stop thinking about the next thing to buy, and start being more grateful for the small things in life.
Stop thinking about your purposes and desires only!
Stop thinking for your sake only. Think for other people's, too, and act accordingly.
Stop thinking of me as just an average person.
Stop thinking so badly of Robert.
Stop thinking, Yanni.
Stop this at once.
Stop this disgusting thing too!
Stop this emotional spillage.
Stop this fight immediately.
Stop this fight or you'll regret it.
Stop this goofing around and get to work!
Stop this infighting! I took you in when no one else would.
Stop this instant!
Stop this mess right now!
Stop this music.
Stop this noise!
Stop this nonsense before it goes too far.
Stop this nonsense!
Stop this nonsense.
Stop this now.
Stop this self-flagellation.
Stop this squabbling.
Stop threatening Tom.
Stop threatening inanimate objects, they can't hear you.
Stop throwing cheese balls at me!
Stop throwing my inadequacy in my face!
Stop throwing pebbles against my window.
Stop throwing that at me.
Stop throwing things at me.
Stop tickling me!
Stop tickling me.
Stop tooting your own horn.
Stop tormenting Tom.
Stop tormenting her.
Stop tormenting him.
Stop tormenting it.
Stop tormenting me.
Stop tormenting them.
Stop tormenting your brother.
Stop tormenting yourself.
Stop torturing each other.
Stop torturing me.
Stop torturing me. What did he say?
Stop torturing me. What did she say?
Stop torturing the cat.
Stop torturing yourself.
Stop touching me.
Stop touching my stuff!
Stop touching my stuff.
Stop touching my things!
Stop translating sentences, and do your homework.
Stop treating Silya like crap.
Stop treating me like a child.
Stop treating me like a kid.
Stop treating me like a stranger.
Stop treating people poorly!
Stop treating us like outsiders.
Stop trespassing or else I'm going to call the cops.
Stop trying to act macho.
Stop trying to be nice.
Stop trying to be someone you're not.
Stop trying to cheer me up.
Stop trying to control me!
Stop trying to do Tom's job.
Stop trying to fit the standards of what others consider normal.
Stop trying to fool me.
Stop trying to fool us.
Stop trying to get away and come to help us.
Stop trying to keep everything to yourselves.
Stop trying to kiss me.
Stop trying to look cool.
Stop trying to make me feel better.
Stop trying to make me feel guilty!
Stop trying to make me feel guilty.
Stop trying to make us feel guilty.
Stop trying to make us follow all these subtle clues. I wish you would say what you want to say more clearly.
Stop trying to pick a fight with me.
Stop trying to play me for a fool!
Stop trying to play psychologist.
Stop trying to provoke Tom.
Stop trying to pull the wool over my eyes.
Stop trying to talk me out of it.
Stop trying.
Stop turning people into eggs.
Stop twiddling your thumbs.
Stop twisting it.
Stop twisting my arm!
Stop twisting my words around.
Stop twisting my words.
Stop twisting my words. You know very well that's not what I said.
Stop underestimating yourself.
Stop underestimating yourselves.
Stop use and unplug the AC power cord from the electrical outlet immediately if the device functions in an abnormal manner or produces unusual sounds or smells.
Stop using emoticons everywhere. It makes it look like you're on ecstasy...
Stop using emoticons everywhere. It makes it look like you’re on ecstasy...
Stop using my stuff!
Stop using my stuff.
Stop using other people's toothbrushes.
Stop using social media.
Stop using those big words with me.
Stop vegetating on the couch.
Stop walking on Grandma's grave.
Stop wandering around.
Stop war! Start love!
Stop wasting everyone's time.
Stop wasting money.
Stop wasting my time.
Stop wasting the water!
Stop wasting time already.
Stop wasting time and come back to work.
Stop wasting time and get back to work.
Stop wasting time and get in already, Tom.
Stop wasting time on the Internet.
Stop wasting time.
Stop wasting water.
Stop wasting your breath.
Stop wasting your money.
Stop wasting your time reading the gossip column!
Stop wasting your time.
Stop watching TV all the time and study!
Stop watching TV and start studying!
Stop watching TV and start studying.
Stop watching TV at least one hour before you go to bed.
Stop watching TV. It will destroy your brain.
Stop what you're doing and come home.
Stop what you're doing and go help Tom.
Stop what you're doing.
Stop whatever it is you are doing and listen to me for once, dammit!
Stop where you are.
Stop while you still can!
Stop while you're ahead.
Stop whimpering.
Stop whingeing!
Stop whingeing, Tom.
Stop whining like a baby.
Stop whining!
Stop whining.
Stop whispering.
Stop whistling!
Stop whistling.
Stop with it!
Stop with that.
Stop with the gluten!
Stop with your lies.
Stop working.
Stop worrying about everything.
Stop worrying about it.
Stop worrying about me.
Stop worrying about that and focus on your work.
Stop worrying about that, my dear! Everything will work out fine!
Stop worrying about that.
Stop worrying about what happened to Tom.
Stop worrying about what others think of you.
Stop worrying about your future.
Stop worrying about your life.
Stop worrying and get some sleep.
Stop worrying so much.
Stop worrying yourself needlessly.
Stop worrying, and get some sleep.
Stop worrying.
Stop worrying. Everything will be OK.
Stop writing and hand your paper in.
Stop writing now.
Stop yanking my hair, it hurts!
Stop yawning and stretching.
Stop yawning.
Stop yelling at me.
Stop yelling in my ear.
Stop yelling!
Stop yelling, I beg you.
Stop yelling.
Stop yelling. My head hurts.
Stop your bellyaching.
Stop your chit-chat!
Stop your complaining.
Stop your grumbling and get the work out of the way.
Stop your jabbering.
Stop your nitpicking.
Stop your nonsense and get out!
Stop your nonsense!
Stop your nonsense.
Stop your tantrums.
Stop your whining!
Stop your whining.
Stop!
Stop! Don't come in!
Stop! I can't take it anymore!
Stop! Stop! He's already dead!
Stop! That's enough alcohol for tonight.
Stop! There's a deer on the road.
Stop! There's an old lady crossing the street!
Stop! Thief!
Stop! You strayed!
Stop! You're hurting Tom.
Stop! You're hurting her!
Stop! You're hurting him!
Stop! You're making her cry.
Stop! You're making him cry.
Stop! You're making me cry.
Stop! You're not allowed to park here.
Stop! You're tickling me!
Stop, I say.
Stop, Tom.
Stop, Tom. It's not funny anymore.
Stop, Yanni.
Stop, before it's too late.
Stop, don't drag your feet.
Stop, driver, stop!
Stop, it’s annoying.
Stop, or I'll shoot!
Stop, or I'll shoot.
Stop, or I’ll shoot.
Stop, passersby will notice us.
Stop, people are already looking.
Stop, please.
Stop, runner, or I'll stun you!
Stop, speak no farther!
Stop, stop! The doctor said you mustn't lift anything heavy.
Stop, that you be not found foolish.
Stop, wait!
Stop, you're breaking my heart.
Stop.
Stop. I don't want to do this.
Stop. I don't want to.
Stop. I'm bleeding.
Stop. It hurts.
Stop. It's not fun.
Stop. It's not funny anymore.
Stop. It's not funny.
Stop. Just stop.
Stop. That hurts.
Stop. That tickles.
Stop. That's enough.
Stop. There's a red light.
Stop. This is not funny.
Stop. You're hurting me.
Stop. You're making me blush.
Stopgap measures won't make a dent in drug addiction.
Stopgap measures won’t make a dent in drug addiction.
Stopping and parking prohibited.
Stopping population growth is like stopping a speeding train.
Stopping prohibited!
Stopping smoking can help you live a longer life.
Storage space isn't a priority.
Store at room temperature.
Store cutting boards and knives safely when not in use.
Store discs vertically in cases.
Store in a cool and dry place.
Store in a cool place, away from direct sunlight.
Store somewhere cool and dry.
Store the CDs in a cool, dry place to prevent warping.
Store the CDs in their cases, not scattered around the CD player.
Store the cutting board upright or on its side to allow air circulation.
Stored in the loft by the boxful are all kinds of bygone toys, along with other things that might one day come in handy.
Stores are becoming showrooms for things people plan to buy on the Internet.
Stores are closed in the afternoon because of the heat.
Stores are crowded just before Christmas.
Stories and books are precious not only for creating language and vocabulary, but also for creating children’s imagery, for creating a vision of the world, of others and of oneself. But it's easy to say: "Tell them a story." To tell a story, you have to live through it and communicate it, and that’s not within everyone’s ability.
Stories are great for learning Berber.
Stories are meant for reading.
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan and in every land of the world.
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan, and any other country in the world.
Stories like that are legion.
Stories like that fascinate me.
Stories like that only happen in Hollywood.
Stories of hope and solidarity often emerge from places where poverty looks insurmountable.
Stories of shark attacks are unnerving for those who enjoy swimming in the ocean. They deepen the controversy about how close humans should even get to these animals. While defenders of sharks acknowledge they should be treated with a healthy dose of fear, they also say sharks are highly misunderstood. Of over 380 types of sharks, only 3 or 4 kinds are known to attack humans, and there are fewer than 80 such attacks a year. On the other hand, many types of sharks are on the verge of extinction, due to human fishing practices. VOA-TV's Zulima Palacio went diving with a woman who takes divers under water to experience "swimming with sharks".
Stories of this kind had been told of the assassination of Julius Caesar not many years before, and they generally have their origin in violent deaths, or in execution of innocent persons.
Stories often have happy endings.
Storing one bit currently requires about one million atoms.
Storks actually exist.
Storks tend to make their nests in the bell towers of churches.
Storm cellars are common in parts of the country that see frequent severe weather.
Storm clouds started rolling in.
Storm damage continually erodes away at the coastline, most notably during El Niño years and other heavy storms.
Storm in a teacup.
Storm the citadel!
Storms and large weather events, like the El Nino, can tear and dislodge the kelp, leaving a tattered winter forest to begin its growth again each spring.
Storms are rolling in.
Storms at sea impeded our progress.
Storms don't get that terrible in this area.
Storms have abraded the outer layer of paint.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Storms of the winter, and deepening snows, when will you end? I said, for the soul within me was numb with woes, and my heart uncomforted.
Storms on Jupiter have been clocked at over 400 miles per hour.
Storms throughout the Midwest knocked out power to hundreds of thousands of people.
Stormwater control structures often include both weirs and orifices. Weirs are designed to safely pass large flows, while orifices are used to limit smaller flows.
Storytelling as in science fiction, fantasy, horror, romance, and other genres is not actually "lying," but a presentation of hypothetical scenarios. It's not lying. Lying is a different concept.
Storytelling rekindles the interest in narrative.
Stotish says US approval is a very important step in the eventual commercialization of this fish for "aquaculture", or fish-farming, around the world.
Stout fellow you are, bro!
Stow away carefully the clothes you removed.
Stow your carry-on luggage in the overhead compartments.
Strabismus is a condition causing misalignment of the eyes, leading one to be either cross-eyed (meaning they face inwards) or wall-eyed (meaning they face outwards).
Stracciatella ice-cream is nothing but a plain ice-cream with chocolate chips.
Straight after she had phoned, they set off.
Straight ahead, right?
Straight away, Mary put the waffle iron she had won to use.
Straight golden hair slides over her shoulder.
Straight lines must be drawn with a ruler.
Straight parents are taking their children to straight strip clubs, and people like you are posting videos, lying and saying it's a drag show.
Straight rose a joyous uproar; each in turn / ask what the walls that Phoebus hath designed? / Which way to wander, whither to return?
Straight white cisgender Christian men have been responsible for all but a handful of America's staggeringly large number of mass shootings.
Straight white men can go anywhere in the world.
Straighten up!
Straighten up.
Straighten your arms.
Straighten your back!
Straighten your backs!
Straighten your backs.
Straighten your clothes.
Straighten your legs.
Straighten your spine.
Straighten your tie.
Straightway / I burn to greet them, and the tale explore, / and from the harbour haste, and leave the ships and shore.
Stranded in Germany!
Strange are the ways of evil.
Strange as it is, the story is true.
Strange as it may seem, Tom was telling the truth.
Strange as it may seem, nobody was injured in the fire.
Strange as it may sound, it is still fact.
Strange as it may sound, this is true.
Strange brew.
Strange creatures started to appear.
Strange events kept happening in that house.
Strange events occurred that night.
Strange is our situation here upon earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose.
Strange lights were seen in the field.
Strange my foot!
Strange news we hear: A Trojan Greeks obey, / Helenus, master of the spouse and sway / of Pyrrhus, and Andromache once more / has yielded to a Trojan lord.
Strange noises keep coming from the receiver and won't stop.
Strange noises keep coming from the receiver and won’t stop.
Strange occurrences have been happening lately.
Strange orange lights appeared.
Strange rumors are going around.
Strange stuff started happening.
Strange symbols were etched on the turtle's shell.
Strange that I'd never realised that before.
Strange that he knows nothing on this subject.
Strange that they knew nothing about it.
Strange that they worship the sun.
Strange things are happening.
Strange things continued to happen.
Strange things happen in baseball.
Strange things happen on Halloween.
Strange things happen to people sometimes.
Strange things happen.
Strange things happened in that house.
Strange things happened on her birthday.
Strange things happened that night.
Strange things have been happening around the town today.
Strange things have been happening around town.
Strange things have been happening here.
Strange things have been happening in this area for a long time.
Strange things have been happening in this house.
Strange things have been happening recently.
Strange things have been happening round here for a long time.
Strange things have been happening.
Strange things have happened around here.
Strange things have happened in these woods.
Strange things keep happening.
Strange things sometimes happen.
Strange things started happening again.
Strange things started happening in that house.
Strange things started happening the week Tom moved in.
Strange things started happening.
Strange things started to happen with Tom's arrival.
Strange things started to happen.
Strange things tend to happen here.
Strange things were happening in that house.
Strange to say, I didn't feel any pain.
Strange to say, I didn't notice it.
Strange to say, I didn’t feel any pain.
Strange to say, I dreamed the same dream twice last night.
Strange to say, I dreamt the same dream twice last night.
Strange to say, all the lights in the house were on, though no one was at home.
Strange to say, he did pass the exam after all.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
Strange to say, he didn’t know the news.
Strange to say, he met someone who was said to be dead.
Strange to say, he saw the ghost of his father.
Strange to say, his prediction has come true.
Strange to say, no one voted for the candidate.
Strange to say, none of us noticed the mistake.
Strange to say, she knows the fact very well.
Strange to say, she suddenly disappeared.
Strange to say, the door opened of itself.
Strange to say, the figure went out of sight suddenly.
Strange to say, the teacher didn't scold me.
Strange to say, the teacher didn’t scold me.
Strange way to act, isn't it?
Strange, isn't it?
Strange, it worked yesterday.
Strange, why can't I send any mail to your mail box?
Strange.
Strangely enough, I didn't feel any pain at all.
Strangely enough, I didn’t feel any pain at all.
Strangely enough, I don't see your idea taking shape at all.
Strangely enough, I felt no pain at all.
Strangely enough, Yuri stopped being all that unbearable.
Strangely enough, he failed.
Strangely enough, the cops didn't seem to be very concerned at all.
Strangely enough, the individuals advocating for a cap on daily sentence contributions are frequently overshadowed by the consistent efforts of the website's most engaged members.
Strangely, I can't answer.
Strangely, I cannot answer.
Strangely, I seldom see her.
Strangely, Yanni didn't attend Skura's funeral.
Strangely, he passed up her very generous offer.
Strangely, it's not the bombing of Vietnam or the destruction of Libya to the ground that erodes Western values. It's the presence of Muslims, Sikhs, and Hindus in the West that do.
Strangely, no one had ever talked on capping daily contributions in any language before an Algerian translator started contributing hundreds of English sentences per day. Of course, the proponents of this idea would swear up and down that this is not discriminatory by any means. If this is non-discriminatory, then I don't know what is.
Strangely, rich people tend to be stingier than poor people.
Strangely, she has suddenly vanished.
Strangely, sliced meat can be naturally iridescent.
Strangely, that door was open.
Strangely, the buck had udders and could produce milk.
Strangely, the cash register's total was 777 yen.
Strangely, the cash register’s total was 777 yen.
Strangely, the door was open.
Strangely, the hyenas allowed them to touch them.
Strangely, the number of students is decreasing each year.
Strangely, toilet paper has suddenly become a hot commodity during the global pandemic.
Stranger things have happened.
Stranger things started happening in that house.
Stranger, go tell the Spartans that here we are buried, obedient to their orders.
Strangers can be dangerous, so avoid talking to them.
Strangers close by are better than family far away.
Strap yourselves in.
Strapačky is a traditional Slovak food.
Strasbourg is a city in France.
Strasbourg is a city located in eastern France, near the border with Germany.
Strasbourg is also an ideal starting point for excursions across the Rhine, to châteaux nestling in the heart of vineyards, villages perching on the mountainside between lakes and forests, and other delights.
Strategic nuclear arms are only there for deterrence.
Strategy is an important, but not the only, aspect of the game of Go, which should encourage meditation and provide fundamental insights into the laws of nature, pose challenges to the mind, and reveal to players some aspects of their personality. Furthermore, a game well played by both parties can be considered a work of art.
Stratford-on-Avon, where Shakespeare was born, is visited by many tourists every year.
Stratospheric winds may also influence commercial air traffic. Many airplanes fly at high altitudes to reduce fuel consumption.
Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring caused riots at its 1913 premiere. These days, of course, music is only capable of causing angry YouTube comment threads.
Stravinsky’s The Rite of Spring caused riots at its 1913 premiere. These days, of course, music is only capable of causing angry YouTube comment threads.
Straw is not given us, and bricks are required of us as before; behold we, thy servants, are beaten with whips, and thy people is unjustly dealt withal.
Strawberries and cream are delicious.
Strawberries and raspberries are both examples of an aggregate fruit.
Strawberries are currently in season.
Strawberries are dear in winter.
Strawberries are expensive in the winter.
Strawberries are expensive in winter.
Strawberries are in season at the moment.
Strawberries are in season now.
Strawberries are made into jam.
Strawberries are now in season.
Strawberries are out of season.
Strawberries are small, red fruit that are normally eaten in Spring.
Strawberries aren't only delicious, they're healthy.
Strawberries can be made into jam.
Strawberries sell at high prices in winter.
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.
Strawberry jam is my favorite kind of jam.
Strawberry juice is good for the memory.
Strawberry juice is good for your memory.
Strawberry shortcake is delicious.
Strawberry shortcake is easy to make vegan.
Strawberry tree fruits are squishy.
Strawberry tree fruits are super squishy to the touch.
Strawberry tree fruits have a custard-like texture.
Strawberry tree fruits have a kind of ice cream texture.
Strawberry tree fruits have a lot of antioxidants.
Strawberry tree fruits have a yoghurty texture.
Strawberry tree fruits have an orange flesh.
Strawberry tree fruits taste like mango.
Strawberry tree fruits taste like peaches.
Strawberry tree fruits taste very good.
Strawberry trees are attractive.
Strawberry trees are common in Mediterranean countries.
Strawberry trees are evergreen trees.
Strawberry trees are popular in northern Algeria.
Strawberry trees are related to heathers.
Strawberry trees can grow in shade.
Strawberry trees could get up to 15 feet tall.
Strawberry trees have very nice fruits.
Strawberry trees have white flowers.
Strawberry trees produce a nice edible fruit.
Strawberry trees produce very nice fruits.
Stray bullets flew everywhere during the war.
Stray dogs are Ziri's corpse.
Stray dogs tramped about my garden.
Stray dogs used to be a common nightly problem in Algiers.
Streaking was popular back in the 70s.
Streamline your localization process with a translation management solution (TMS).
Streams are becoming torrents.
Streams of lava rapidly ran down the center-south side of the volcano.
Street crime is a serious issue.
Street kids have been disappearing for weeks now.
Street racing is dangerous and stupid.
Street shoes aren't allowed in the pool.
Street shoes cannot be worn in the pool.
Street smart individuals thrive on firsthand experiences, while book smart individuals rely on secondhand knowledge gained from external sources.
Streetcars run on electricity.
Streetcars, which look similar to train passenger coaches, clanged their bells, rattled around corners and carried almost 14 billion riders at their height in 1920.
Streets and houses were drowned by the flood.
Streets and houses were submerged by the flood.
Streets are empty in Italy.
Streets are not just for cars.
Streets are often twisted and narrow in the suburbs.
Streets that are usually packed with pedestrians, scooters and vehicular noise have taken on the quiet aura of a holiday.
Strength always prevails in the insect Kingdom.
Strength blooms in calm.
Strength blooms in silence.
Strength in unity.
Strength is found in calmness.
Strength isn't everything.
Strength isn't the only thing that counts.
Strength lies in calm resolve.
Strength lies in calmness.
Strength lies in stillness.
Strength of materials is one of the most basic tools for engineers.
Strength requires no noise.
Strength through unity.
Strength training as a beginner is difficult.
Strength without wisdom falls from its own force.
Strengthen it.
Strengthen your core.
Strengthen yourself.
Streptococcus is a common bacteria found on the skin and in the nose, even in healthy people. But it can also cause acute respiratory illness, sinusitis, some ear infections and pneumonia.
Stress balls are very effective.
Stress can be a real vicious cycle. The greater the amount of stress, the harder it is to make smart logical decisions for yourself which only leads to more stress.
Stress can have an enormous negative impact on your health.
Stress can negatively impact sperm production.
Stress irritates the diaphragm.
Stress is a killer.
Stress is a very serious problem in today's society.
Stress is caused by giving a fuck.
Stress makes me hungry.
Stress often causes aggression.
Stress on the fragile human body in space may lead to the thinking that robots will be the way to go in space. Maybe, humanity's machine children will inherit spatial manifest destiny. Humans may be like goldfish in their fishbowl that is the Earth.
Stressed is our heart till it rests in you.
Stressing over her is unnecessary.
Stretch out your arms.
Stretch out your hand to me.
Stretch out your hand.
Stretch the dough with your hands.
Stretch the pizza with your hands.
Stretch your arms straight.
Stretch your body to relieve muscle tension.
Stretch your feet according to your blanket.
Stretch your legs according to your coverlet.
Stretch your legs.
Stretch your muscles to prevent injuries.
Stretching out the rubber band will elongate it considerably.
Stretching out their arms to embrace each other, they grasped only the air!
Strewn across the floor by bed were a number of toys.
Strewn here and there behold / arms, planks, lone swimmers in the surges grey, / and treasures snatched from Trojan homes away.
Strewth!
Strewth, look at that!
Strict abortion laws lead to higher maternal mortality.
Strict and inviolable gender roles have been fundamental to authoritarian regimes throughout history.
Strict laws govern collecting tide pool life.
Strict security measures were in force.
Strictly forbidden.
Strictly speaking, Chinese consists of hundreds of dialects.
Strictly speaking, a tomato is a fruit.
Strictly speaking, a virus is a program that can't survive on its own; it's a program that installs itself as a parasite of another program to multiply and carry out sinister actions.
Strictly speaking, bamboo is a kind of grass.
Strictly speaking, he is not qualified for the job.
Strictly speaking, his answer is not correct.
Strictly speaking, his view differs a little from mine.
Strictly speaking, his view differs somewhat from mine.
Strictly speaking, his view differs somewhat from that of his opponents.
Strictly speaking, it was not a vertical line.
Strictly speaking, lungs can't hurt as they have no nerve endings.
Strictly speaking, she didn't like it at all, but she didn't say a thing.
Strictly speaking, she's not qualified for the job.
Strictly speaking, she’s not qualified for the job.
Strictly speaking, that's not correct.
Strictly speaking, that's true.
Strictly speaking, the Earth is not a sphere.
Strictly speaking, the bamboo is a kind of grass.
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.
Strictly speaking, the earth isn't round.
Strictly speaking, the theory is not correct.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is a fruit.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is not a vegetable. It's a fruit.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is not a vegetable. It’s a fruit.
Strictly speaking, there were some mistakes in his speech.
Strictly speaking, they are not the same variety.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is grammatically incorrect.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is not grammatical.
Strictly speaking, tomatoes are a fruit.
Strictly speaking, tomatoes aren't vegetables, but rather fruits.
Strictly speaking, you are not right.
Strictly speaking, you are wrong.
Strictly speaking, you're wrong.
Strife is the rock on which the party split.
Strike Tom's name off the list.
Strike a pose.
Strike his name from the list.
Strike my name off the list.
Strike on the back, but never on the stomach.
Strike one!
Strike out the last paragraph.
Strike the set.
Strike three!
Strike three! You're out!
Strike two!
Strike while the iron is hot.
Strike while the iron's hot.
Striking differences existed between the two boys.
Strikingly, it is often the least involved individuals who push for a maximum sentence limit, while the website thrives due to the relentless dedication of its most committed contributors.
String instruments are romantic.
String is sold by the meter.
String is sold by the metre.
String theory comes with a lot of strings attached.
String theory has been wildly overhyped by its researchers.
String theory is a hoax.
String theory is not even wrong.
String theory is the best-known proposal for a “theory of everything” that would tie together our understanding of the physical universe.
String theory isn't testable.
String theory started out quite elegantly and has now grown into something of a mess with five different versions.
Strip down to your waist.
Strip off the bark.
Strip searches are degrading and dehumanizing.
Stripes is a lavender zebra with purple stripes aquamarine tail and a purple and aquamarine mane.
Strive for happiness.
Strive for profit above all.
Strive for profit and pursue nothing else.
Strive only for self-interest and nothing else.
Strive to be happy.
Strive to live more freely.
Strive to simplify everything.
Strive with all your body to be a lover of toil, and with your soul to be a lover of wisdom, in order that with the one you may have the strength to carry out your resolves, and with the other the intelligence to foresee what is for your good.
Strobing effects can trigger epileptic seizures.
Stroke lashes upwards to boost curl.
Stroke my head.
Stromatolites are the limestone structures formed by photosynthesizing bacteria called cyanobacteria. They created layers of alternating slimy bacteria and sediment in very shallow water, dominating shallow seas until predators, such as trilobites, came into the picture.
Strong acid stain removers destroy cotton and linen cloth; even mild acids, such as lemon juice and vinegar, may injure cotton and linen if allowed to remain too long on the cloth.
Strong as I look, there is a weak place in my heart.
Strong as an oak.
Strong as an ox.
Strong as his father, Pyrrhus onward pushed, / nor bars nor warders can his strength sustain. / Down sinks the door, with ceaseless battery crushed.
Strong coffee kept her awake all night.
Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.
Strong connections come from good talks.
Strong families stick together.
Strong habits can shape our daily lives.
Strong leadership was needed.
Strong light hurts my eyes.
Strong measures should be taken against wrong doers.
Strong reasons make strong actions.
Strong relationships are built on respect.
Strong scents can evoke sweet memories.
Strong wind started blowing in the morning.
Strong wind started to blow in the morning.
Strong winds accompanied the rain.
Strong winds are expected.
Strong winds can blow away unsecured items.
Strong winds can kick up dust storms in dry regions, such as the Sahara Desert.
Strong winds stripped the tree of its leaves.
Strong winds were howling outside.
Strong-willed kids need clear boundaries and positive role models.
Strong/Power!
Stronger partnerships, an increasing number of training days for technicians, teachers, administrative officials and politicians, the growing number of eco-pastoral diagnostics... the LIFE MILOUV project is buzzing with ideas and initiatives.
Stronger!
Strontium 90: One of the radioisotopes of strontium; part of radioactive fallout, harmful to human health.
Structural biology professor David Roper of England's University of Warwick is part of the team that includes scientists in the United States and Australia sleuthing for novel agents to treat disease.
Structuralism has value in modern literature.
Structurally it's in good shape.
Structure is related to function.
Struggle for your rights.
Struggling with a stutter as a child, she relied on eye contact to let people know she was trying to communicate.
Stuart gave me a slip of paper with an address on it.
Stuart handed me a piece of paper with an address written on it.
Stuart is a law unto himself.
Stubble suits you.
Stubborn as a mule.
Stubborn stains may require a little extra scrubbing.
Stubbornness can ruin a friendship.
Stuck in the middle of the desert, Layla wished she would die.
Stuck in traffic with no air conditioning. Of course.
Stuck without an inhaler, the only thing he could do was wheeze.
Student council is not a popularity contest.
Student exchanges between Japan and Colombia are really scarce.
Student loan debt rose from $600 billion a decade ago to more than $1.4 trillion by the end of 2018.
Student loan repayment begins next month.
Student part-time workers? Are those classified as employed?
Student researchers who held focus groups with Gustavus students found that students are either in favor of having gender-neutral bathroom facilities or (once they learn about the issues) are not opposed.
Student-teacher relations have improved at this school.
Students admire her leadership skills.
Students also have opportunities to work off campus, on local community projects.
Students and others occupied the site and forced a halt to the construction.
Students and staff live, work and pursue their leisure activities on campus.
Students answer the teacher's questions.
Students are allowed to use a calculator during the test.
Students are always in this dining room.
Students are apt to waste time.
Students are assigned up to 6 hours of learning each week per course.
Students are being told to move back home as soon as possible in the U.S. and internationally.
Students are expected to stay away from dubious places.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
Students are hurrying to school.
Students are impatient for the summer holidays to come.
Students are leaving the classroom.
Students are longing for the vacation.
Students are open to the influence of their teachers.
Students are required to perform one hour of community service per week.
Students are supposed to study hard.
Students are supposed to turn in reports at the end of the school year.
Students aren't allowed in the teachers' lounge.
Students around the United States are creating virtual businesses that produce simulated products, which are marketed and sold for virtual money.
Students arriving late will not be permitted to enter the hall.
Students asked many questions at his lectures.
Students at first rejoiced when schools closed.
Students at that language school make all kinds of mistakes.
Students began to learn how to plant and harvest many herbs and vegetables when the ecology club started its vegetable garden a few years ago. They give some of the produce to their school cafeteria and the rest to a local foodbank.
Students bustled about all night.
Students bustled about all the night.
Students bustled about all through the night.
Students came of their own accord to help the villagers.
Students can attend virtual classes.
Students can develop artistically at the Academy of Fine Arts.
Students can use valid passports as identification, but carrying a passport all the time puts it at risk of being lost or stolen, which creates major problems for international students.
Students cite the cost of flights, and worries about renewing visas as the main reasons for not traveling.
Students could create their own portfolios by making copies of digital projects using this tool and have personal control over which to make public.
Students discussed the problem of brain death for a long time.
Students don't always learn effectively without constant supervision.
Students don't raise their hands much.
Students don't read many books because of TV and comics.
Students don’t raise their hands much.
Students don’t read many books because of TV and comics.
Students faced grocery-store chaos. "Monday, the lines were huge, and all of the shelves were empty,” he told VOA. “I was very worried.”
Students from Asia studying abroad speak English too, just as Japanese students do.
Students from Los Cenzontles have visited parts of Mexico where the music they're learning originated. Rodriguez says they learned that many of the indigenous folk traditions — corridos, rancheras, and old-style mariachi music — were dying out and are no longer being played by Mexicans themselves.
Students from many countries come here to study.
Students from the suburbs come to school by bus.
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
Students get to work with instructors like Arnaud Le Rouzic, who trained at Les Compagnons du devoir, a prestigious French organization made up of craftsmen and artisans who learn skills dating from the Middle Ages.
Students have a holiday on Foundation Day.
Students have access to both a regular-sized gym and a smaller gym.
Students have access to the library.
Students have access to these computers.
Students have been protesting against the government's decision.
Students have been protesting against the government’s decision.
Students have built seats and shelters for local bus stops, created giant pizza ovens, and restored the ironwork on gates created by Philip Simmons, renowned Charleston ironwork artisan and one of the founders of ACBA.
Students have built seats and shelters for local bus stops, created giant pizza ovens, and restored the ironwork on gates created by a renowned local ironwork artisan.
Students have complained about homework assignments since time immemorial.
Students have not cheap places where to buy food.
Students have nowhere to buy cheap food.
Students have since complained of living in cramped spaces with little food, in an embassy that has no kitchen and one shower with a broken spout and light fixture.
Students have thirty-two hours of class per week.
Students have to work hard, but they also have to leave time for social activities.
Students here get their textbooks for free.
Students in Tom's old high school bullied him.
Students in quarantine are keeping up with their assignments online and continuing their internships remotely.
Students in some European countries are more politically aware than those in the UK.
Students learn better when they feel accepted and valued.
Students learn useful phrases.
Students living in certain areas were given the option of attending either high school.
Students living in the dorms must purchase a meal plan.
Students love to sing in class.
Students may not enter the faculty lounge.
Students may not enter the teachers' room.
Students may use these computers.
Students must have access to a good library.
Students must keep silent during a class.
Students must keep silent during class.
Students must not use this toilet.
Students must wear appropriate apparel or they will be dismissed from school and sent home to change.
Students never really study seriously until just before the exams.
Students of English often mix up the words 'lie' and 'lay'.
Students of English often mix up the words ’lie’ and ’lay’.
Students of English who speak a Romance language have a lot of trouble learning and understanding phrasal verbs.
Students of Latin are racking their brains in trying to understand the mystery of the so-called passive periphrastic.
Students often find it very difficult to understand a lecture in a foreign language.
Students often form study groups to prepare for exams.
Students often pursue their teacher with questions.
Students often study with music playing in the background, and people working around the house will usually turn on the television or radio to keep them company.
Students protested in Paris in 1968.
Students really like Mr. Jackson.
Students receive a grant of over 15,000 euros to cover travel costs and daily expenses.
Students run the cafe.
Students say the policy on reimbursement for room and board is still unclear.
Students say they are desperate to return to on-campus learning.
Students say they are desperate to return to on-campus learning. They point to living in the dorms, socializing, and establishing relationships with professors and mentors as essential parts of the college experience.
Students should attend classes regularly.
Students should develop their reading skills.
Students should do their homework.
Students should make the most of their free time.
Students should make use of the books in the library.
Students should not work if they are going to school.
Students should try not to be late.
Students spend a lot of time playing.
Students stand up when their teacher enters.
Students study in school.
Students tend to sit in the same seats every class.
Students took the lead in the campaign against pollution.
Students use virtual reality for an immersive educational experience.
Students usually like club activities better than their classes.
Students wear uniforms to school.
Students were throwing snowballs at each other.
Students were very upset by this.
Students who like writing are few and far between.
Students who spend more time doing homework have better results in school.
Students who took online tests and received an error message when they hit "submit" have filed a lawsuit against the organization that administers the tests.
Students who want to major in physics ought to have a sufficient knowledge of mathematics.
Students will have the option of both online and hybrid courses to ensure they remain on track toward their graduation dates.
Students will have to translate each sentence into three foreign languages.
Students will pay a reduced price.
Students will take one of these English courses.
Students with masks tend to use it to avoid answering questions.
Students worried about climate change want universities to cut investments in energy companies that deal in fossil fuels.
Students, by working part time, are able to scrape up tuition fees by themselves.
Students, labor organizers, intellectuals, professional and others were kidnapped, assassinated and they "disappeared". Meanwhile many people went into exile.
Students, when you want to say something, think about it three times before you say it. Speak only if your words will benefit yourselves and others. Do not speak if it brings no benefit.
Studies are underway to better understand how acrylamide forms in some overcooked foods and how consumers may be affected by home cooking practices.
Studies have also shown that when plants are under attack they release aromatic chemicals. Those chemicals attract friendly insects that attack the bugs eating the plant. Schultz says this chemical signaling can be easily detected by one of nature's most sophisticated sniffers, dogs.
Studies have been conducted on people who habitually consume sugar.
Studies have demonstrated this not to be the case.
Studies have found that both green and black tea leaves contain high levels of aluminum.
Studies have revealed that the average keyboard has more germs than a toilet seat.
Studies have shown that IES does not work when the correct rate is below 90%;however, “seeing this stimulus to press this button” is not complicated work, so the correct rate is over 90% in most cases.
Studies have shown that by inducing a lucid dream, recurrent nightmares can be alleviated.
Studies have shown that frequent pornography use can contribute to erectile dysfunction and other sexual dysfunctions.
Studies have shown that regular sun exposure can reduce the risk of osteoporosis.
Studies have shown that the less people eat, the longer they live.
Studies have shown the overwhelming importance of human touch to our emotional and physical well-being.
Studies in middle- and high-income countries show nearly 50 percent of teenagers and young adults aged 12 to 35 years are exposed to unsafe levels of sound from personal audio devices, and around 40 percent are exposed to potentially damaging levels of sound at concerts, nightclubs and other entertainment venues.
Studies indicate that the world can expect about five new animal-borne pathogens to infect humans each year.
Studies say that true happiness comes from giving back, not from material things.
Studies show that once the basic needs of shelter and food are met, additional wealth adds very little to happiness.
Studies show that some corals can live for up to 5,000 years, making them the longest living animals on Earth.
Studies show that this is a misconception.
Studio estimates on November 11 had Jerry Seinfeld's animated comedy totalling $72.2 million in total receipts.
Study Berber vocabulary.
Study Berber.
Study English every day.
Study French.
Study Islam.
Study a lot.
Study about different brain waves to see why you think that you are always working.
Study after study has found that the regret rates for trans surgeries are exceptionally low, lower than for many uncontroversial procedures.
Study as hard as you can.
Study as much as you guys want.
Study as much as you want.
Study first before doing anything else.
Study for tomorrow's exam first before doing anything else.
Study for your exam.
Study hard and learn all you can.
Study hard so that you can pass the exam.
Study hard so you don't fail.
Study hard so you don’t fail.
Study hard, and you'll succeed.
Study hard, and you’ll succeed.
Study hard, or you will fail in the exam.
Study hard, or you will fail the exam.
Study hard, or you'll fail the exam.
Study hard, or you’ll fail the exam.
Study hard.
Study harder from now on.
Study harder to improve your grades.
Study harder.
Study here.
Study illuminates knowledge.
Study in groups.
Study in the cafeteria.
Study in the cool of the morning.
Study in the library.
Study lends a kind of enchantment to all our surroundings.
Study metaphysics.
Study more.
Study on and on!
Study or don't—it's up to you.
Study or don’t--it’s up to you.
Study takes a lot of energy, but it is worth the effort.
Study the Quran.
Study the next chapter.
Study the student more.
Study these sentences.
Study to pass the exam.
Study together.
Study what you want.
Study where you want.
Study will do you good.
Study with us!
Study with whom you want to study.
Study with whomever you want.
Study your best.
Study!
Study! Not to enlarge what you already know, but to know it better.
Study.
Studying Arabic is my hobby.
Studying Berber has been a real joy for me.
Studying Berber is part of Martino's daily routine.
Studying Berber is taking too much of Ziri's time.
Studying Berber online is becoming popular in Algeria.
Studying Berber was a bore for Yanni.
Studying Berber was the best choice for me.
Studying Czech was hard.
Studying Earth’s climate system is particularly challenging because it integrates many aspects of a complex natural system as well as many human-made systems.
Studying Esperanto is not hard.
Studying French can be fun.
Studying French is a lot of fun.
Studying French is easier than you would imagine.
Studying German is gratifying.
Studying Indonesian is easy.
Studying Japanese is difficult at times.
Studying Japanese is fun.
Studying Latinate languages has been a stream of joy for me: I have learned at different levels the languages Spanish, Portuguese, French, Italian, Catalan, Chabacano (Chavacano), Elefen, Interlingua, Kreyòl, and Esperanto, but I have encountered them not in this order. In the Philippines, my native Tagalog from childhood has Spanish words embedded in it. I eventually took Spanish at university in BC. I had introductory French in Grade 5 on Lulu Island, continued it in high school, then in post-secondary education. I have learned the rest autodidactically. I have reading strength in my languages, but not much in speaking, except in Esperanto, in which I have attained a high level, partly due to my participation in various clubs. I enjoy reading novels in the different languages, especially in the genres of science fiction and fantasy, as I immerse myself in far-flung worlds. Romanian is for me still a vampiric curiosity, which I have not explored much. Additionally, I am curious also about Ladino, also known as Judeo-Spanish. Interestingly, I know how to pronounce Classical Latin.
Studying Mandarin was difficult.
Studying a bit of Haida, a First Nations language in BC, I am reminded of my own native language, Tagalog.
Studying a foreign language is difficult.
Studying a foreign language is hard.
Studying a table of Russian paradigms, Mary unconsciously knitted her brows and scratched her head. She marvelled that most Russian six-year-olds master the noun declensions with little apparent effort.
Studying abroad broadens your horizons.
Studying abroad is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Studying abroad is very common now.
Studying another language is hard, but worthwhile.
Studying at university is hard, but very interesting.
Studying conlangs is a waste of time.
Studying cows, pigs and chickens can help an actor develop his character. There are a lot of things I learned from animals. One was that they couldn't hiss or boo me.
Studying for an exam is always a challenge.
Studying foreign languages helps me best to use my own language.
Studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent.
Studying is a step-by-step process.
Studying is a student's work.
Studying is important.
Studying is making me a social outcast!
Studying is not easy.
Studying languages is awesome.
Studying languages is incredible.
Studying languages is my biggest passion and hobby.
Studying languages is really amazing!
Studying languages is very interesting.
Studying mathematics can change your way of thinking.
Studying online has become common these days, allowing people to learn at their own pace.
Studying really isn't something easy.
Studying really isn’t something easy.
Studying really takes it out of Tom.
Studying sperm helps scientists understand fertility.
Studying the Earth's formation process is really interesting.
Studying the sample from Bennu could reveal major insights about the formation and nature of the solar system, asteroids, and other small celestial bodies.
Studying the surface features of Mars is still referred to as "geography."
Studying three hours a week wouldn't be enough to learn a language well.
Studying three hours a week wouldn’t be enough to learn a language well.
Studying various languages simultaneously requires dedication.
Studying was simply too boring for Donald.
Studying when you're sleepy is a waste of time.
Studying: Computer Science
Stuff happens in life.
Stuff happens.
Stuff is about to hit the fan for the US.
Stuff it.
Stuff like that doesn't interest her at all.
Stuff like that used to happen back then.
Stuff like that.
Stuff like this never happens here.
Stuff today and starve tomorrow.
Stuffing cucumber and calabash are cucurbits.
Stuffing cucumber and calabash are gourds.
StumbleUpon is basically a web toolbar which helps people discover really interesting content that's out in the Web, that's highly relevant to their interest areas.
Stumbling on something this simple, I can tell it will be difficult going forward.
Stunning images and instructive simulations are included in the lecture and help dramatize the ways in which this space telescope is revolutionizing our understanding of the cosmos.
Stupid brain! Why is saying "galxe" so very difficult with a sore throat?
Stupid forehead pimple!
Stupid is as stupid does.
Stupid people are too stupid to understand that they're stupid.
Stupid people can always find someone stupider than themselves who will admire them.
Stupid people tend to be arrogant.
Stupid phone keyboard.
Stupid question, stupid answer.
Stupid questions will produce stupid answers.
Stupid questions, stupid answers.
Stupid stand together
Stupid thing!
Stupid will never leave our world. All we can do is try to live our best lives despite it.
Stupid.
Stupidity and laziness come at a high price.
Stupidity is a lack of intelligence.
Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.
Stupidity is also a natural talent.
Stupidity is commensurate with obedience.
Stupidity is incurable. No pill will help. Even aspirin fails.
Stupidity is no excuse.
Stupidity is not a disability!
Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn't have brakes.
Stupidity is the relaxation of intelligence.
Stupidity is universal.
Stupidity knows no bounds.
Sturdy houses are built with bricks.
Sturgeons can sometimes live for over 50 years, growing so large that few predators hunt them.
Sturm calls working with adaptive athletes one of the most rewarding parts of what he does.
Stuttering affects four times as many males as females.
Stuttering has kept me from making new friends, joining conversations, and speaking up for myself.
Stuttering, I blurted out an answer that contained a full confession of all my wrongdoings.
Stuttering, when you think about it, is the only handicap that people still laugh about.
Stuttgart is the administrative capital of Baden-Württemberg.
Stuxnet spread by infected removable drives, such as USB drives.
Style defines whether the essay is a research paper, a position statement, an opinion piece or a summary essay.
Style is the man himself.
Style is to the writer what color is to the painter.
Stéphane was completely wet through.
Stéphane was soaking wet.
Su Shi and Su Ziyou promised to remember each other every rainy night.
Subaru is a car company.
Subaru is a car firm.
Subdued girls are generally the prettiest I reckon. The loud, bustling ones are awful.
Subject and object are only one. The barrier between them cannot be said to have broken down as a result of recent experience in the physical sciences, for this barrier does not exist.
Subject closed.
Subjected to torture, he confessed to the crime that he hadn't committed.
Subjective reality is whatever the hell I want it to be.
Subjugation of the lower classes is important to our covert centralization of resources.
Subjunctive Spanish isn't hard, but subjunctive English can be.
Submarine submerged.
Submission requires moral courage.
Submissions are welcome.
Submit only your best work.
Submit or else.
Submit to the spirit of the age.
Submit to the way of God.
Submit your homework on Monday.
Submit your questions here.
Submit your resume there.
Submit your term papers to Professor White.
Submit!
Submit.
Submitted by Patricio.
Suboxone is an evidence-based treatment for opioid addiction.
Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar was born in Lahore, India in 1910. He was one of ten children.
Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar was one of the foremost astrophysicists of the twentieth century.
Subscribe and you will get a free cookie.
Subscribe for more videos.
Subscribe to help the channel grow.
Subscribe to help the channel out.
Subscribe to my YouTube channel!
Subscribe to my channel.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Subscribe to our daily newsletter.
Subscribe to the channel!
Subscribe!
Subscribers can read the complete contents online at no extra charge.
Subsequent NASA missions, in cooperation with ESA, will send spacecraft to Mars to collect these cached samples from the surface and return them to Earth for in-depth analysis.
Subsequent constitutional reforms restored relative political stability.
Subsequently, communication from lander to the ground stations was lost. Data is being analyzed.
Subsequently, she started screaming and breaking vases. I, in turn, nonchalantly left the apartment, and went to have tea with Mary.
Subsequently, the US Air Force assumed control in 1948.
Subsidies are costing the Algerian government billions of dollars every year.
Subsistence farming is the dominant form of livelihood.
Subspecies of giraffes include reticulated, Masai, and Rothschild's giraffes.
Substance abuse has become a significant problem.
Substituting textbooks and handouts with hand-held computers could actually save money in the long run.
Subtle differences in tone discriminate the original from the copy.
Subtle hints get you nowhere with Tom. You have to be frank and blunt with him, otherwise he won't twig.
Subtlety has never been your strong suit.
Subtlety isn't Tom's strong suit.
Subtlety never was her strong suit.
Subtlety never was your strong suit.
Subtract three from eight and you get five.
Subtract three from that number.
Subtract two from ten and you have eight.
Subtracting an odd number from an odd number will result in an even number.
Subtraction is harder than addition.
Suburban streets are often winding and narrow.
Subway fares will be raised as of April 1st, 1999.
Subway fares will be raised by nearly ten percent as of April 1, 2001.
Subway is a train that goes underground.
Subways run under the ground.
Succeeding years became more tiresome and uneventful than the nymph's joyous spirit loved.
Success breeds success.
Success brings money and a lot of problems too.
Success came naturally to me.
Success can also be seductive.
Success can be achieved without higher education.
Success can be measured in many ways.
Success can be reached by anyone who wants it.
Success can only be achieved through hard work.
Success comes from education.
Success comes in cans not in can'ts.
Success comes with a price, often in hard work and commitment.
Success consists of discipline.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
Success depends as much on effort as on the right attitude to make it happen.
Success depends mostly on effort.
Success depends on effort.
Success depends on your efforts.
Success depends on your own exertions.
Success does not come from laziness.
Success doesn't come easily.
Success doesn't taste of anything and doesn't smell of anything, and once you've gotten used to it, it's as if it never even existed.
Success has many fathers, but failure is an orphan.
Success has neither taste nor smell.
Success in exams doesn't mean a thing to her.
Success in exams doesn’t mean a thing to her.
Success in life calls for constant efforts.
Success in life is not necessarily the same thing as the acquirement of riches.
Success in life lies in diligence and vigilance.
Success in life requires some authenticity, some imagination and a great deal of luck.
Success in school calls for hard study.
Success in school calls for much hard study.
Success is accomplishing what you set out to do.
Success is achieving your goal.
Success is always on the side of the persevering.
Success is bought with hard work.
Success is coming on very strongly for Christine Lagarde's future victory in the next French presidential elections.
Success is dependent on your effort.
Success is due less to ability than to zeal.
Success is freedom.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is never blamed.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is not possible without diligent work.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Success is punished in this country.
Success is the development of strengths. Failure is the accumulation of weaknesses.
Success makes a man egotistic.
Success may seem out-of-reach sometimes but you just have to push harder through it to get it.
Success means much money, doesn't it?
Success often depends on a combination of factors.
Success often depends on one's temperament.
Success often depends on one’s temperament.
Success often lies in the ability to adapt.
Success or failure is all the same to me.
Success requires sacrifice, but it can make you happy forever, try it!
Success takes place outside one's comfort zone.
Success treads upon the heels of effort and perseverance.
Success usually requires hard work.
Success was handed to me on a plate.
Success will be high on the near-term horizon for Christine Lagarde's next presidential victory in France as soon as 2027.
Success won't come easily.
Success! Soon, anybody can start learning Klingon!
Success! This is the five-thousandth Klingon sentence on Tatoeba!
Successes create successes, like how money creates money.
Successful businesses are built on a foundation of hard work and dedication.
Successful businesses are built on hard work and dedication.
Successful businesses often start with bold ideas and tough decisions.
Successful fascists today are savvy enough not to call themselves fascists.
Successful flight is only possible if all three directions — pitch, roll and yaw — are used in a coordinated effort.
Successful relationships need work.
Successful salesmanship of the highest order requires not only a fine special training, but also a good education and a keen insight into human nature; it also requires resourcefulness, inventiveness and originality.
Successfully deleted 5 items.
Successfully demonstrated a new product in 7 districts.
Successive economic crises long ago became an ideological soap opera.
Successive governments have failed to address the country's crumbling infrastructure.
Successive owners have tinkered the place since then, but they cannot quite spoil it.
Succulent plants are well-suited for conditions where water is scarce.
Succulents usually live in dry, hot environments and have special adaptations to survive long periods of drought.
Such a bad custom should be done away with.
Such a beautiful day. Just add coffee!
Such a beautiful picture!
Such a beauty!
Such a behavior gives rise to problem.
Such a bellicose attitude won't win you any friends.
Such a big gift is a white elephant to us.
Such a book must have hit a nerve at a time when many were without jobs and had poor prospects in life.
Such a book would be within his reach.
Such a boy is loved by everybody.
Such a brainy 'bot might sound more like the science fiction fantasies of children's comics than a real space agency project, but she thinks the sci-fi flavor of the project contributes to its importance for space exploration.
Such a business failure would sink any company.
Such a case is not uncommon today.
Such a childish plan is bound to fail.
Such a clunker!
Such a crime cannot be despised enough.
Such a custom is characteristic of the British.
Such a custom is not peculiar to the Americans.
Such a custom should be done away with.
Such a deed is an offense against the law.
Such a dilemma!
Such a diligent man as he is sure to succeed.
Such a disaster won't come again in my time.
Such a disaster won’t come again in my time.
Such a dry response.
Such a fake! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? You must be kidding!
Such a golden opportunity isn't to be missed by any means.
Such a harsh rebuttal was hardly necessary.
Such a joke! Do you believe that they will lay down their arms? Forget it!
Such a joke! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? Forget about it!
Such a judge may as well retire from his job.
Such a judge should retire from his job before retirement age.
Such a life is what he desires.
Such a life makes one want to hang oneself.
Such a lifestyle appears rather uninteresting to Americans.
Such a long time!
Such a machine has not yet been invented.
Such a man cannot be relied upon.
Such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun.
Such a man is bound to fail.
Such a man ought to succeed.
Such a mess might enrage Tom.
Such a method is out of date.
Such a minimalist language only serves to rack the brains of those who intend to use it.
Such a one alone can remind us of our faults.
Such a particular moment!
Such a person doesn't exist.
Such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly.
Such a person is not interesting.
Such a person is seldom dull.
Such a person will often go a block out of his way to avoid meeting a person of the opposite sex.
Such a perspective makes one want to hang oneself.
Such a philosophy seems reasonable on paper, but it never works out in the real world.
Such a plan can hardly succeed.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
Such a plant can only be found in Brazil.
Such a policy flip-flop was heavily criticized by his enemies.
Such a possibility cannot be ruled out.
Such a problem is hard to deal with.
Such a program will help the rich but harm the poor.
Such a project has of course demanded a revised budget.
Such a proposal would only be turned down immediately.
Such a reaction was to be expected.
Such a remark is open to misunderstanding.
Such a reply can only be given by a sociology which has arrived at scientific conclusions on the life-history of different types of society, and has risen above the empirical and merely interrogative point of view which, for want of a better, I have adopted in this address.
Such a response is not warranted.
Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists.
Such a sales system can work for a while, but not forever.
Such a simplistic approach won't do.
Such a small world!
Such a state is not compatible with progress.
Such a state of things cannot be put up with.
Such a statement I would not dignify with a response.
Such a strange affair will not occur again for a long time.
Such a strange thing is not likely to happen.
Such a stud!
Such a stupid proposal.
Such a stupid rule.
Such a system can also be introduced in Bangladesh.
Such a teacher may as well retire from his work.
Such a thing as disliking fish because they have bones - that just can't be a reason for disliking them.
Such a thing can't be found everywhere.
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
Such a thing cannot be found everywhere.
Such a thing can’t happen in Japan.
Such a thing has happened many a time to me.
Such a thing has never happened before.
Such a thing has never happened to me.
Such a thing is called a precedent.
Such a thing is considered theft and it has to be punished severely.
Such a thing is of no account.
Such a thing is theoretically possible.
Such a thing is useless.
Such a thing never passed through my head!
Such a thing occurs frequently.
Such a thing often happens.
Such a thing often takes time.
Such a thing used to be unthinkable.
Such a thing usually ends badly.
Such a thing will bring you only misery.
Such a thing will only bring you misery.
Such a tragedy should have never occurred.
Such a tragedy should have never occurred. Violence of any kind has no place in Canada.
Such a trivial thing is out of the question.
Such a wonderful music!
Such a word doesn't exist in French.
Such a word doesn't exist in Russian.
Such ability is native to him.
Such abundance I accept apparent in this country, such top moral values, humans of such caliber, that I do not anticipate we would anytime beat this country, unless we breach the actual courage of this nation, which is her airy and cultural heritage, and, therefore, I adduce that we alter her old and age-old apprenticeship system, her culture, for if the Indians anticipate that all that is adopted and English is acceptable and greater than their own, they will lose their self-esteem, their built-in self-culture and they will become what we ambition them, an absolutely bedevilled nation.
Such accidents are common.
Such accidents can happen from time to time.
Such actions are alien to our beliefs.
Such an accident is likely to happen again.
Such an accurate, lightning-quick reply. What can I say?
Such an act will be judged at the bar of public opinion.
Such an action isn't for me.
Such an alert man as he couldn't have failed to adapt himself to the new situation.
Such an alert man as he couldn’t have failed to adapt himself to the new situation.
Such an analogy is inappropriate in this case.
Such an animal had never been seen before.
Such an economic program will help the rich at the expense of the poor.
Such an event is quite common here.
Such an experience was necessary for Ziri.
Such an honest man as John cannot have told a lie.
Such an idea is abhorrent to her.
Such an idea was heresy in left-wing circles.
Such an idea was heresy in right-wing circles.
Such an offence is punished by a fine and/or imprisonment.
Such an old car is next to useless.
Such an old car was next to useless.
Such an old fan would be next to useless.
Such are the data that clearly show the bestial face of the colonialists, the essence of their "civilizing" activities in the colonies.
Such are the mysteries of the Sahara.
Such as Diana, with her Oreads seen / on swift Eurotas' banks or Cynthus' crest, / leading the dances. She, in form and mien, / armed with her quiver, towers above the rest, / and tranquil pleasure thrills Latona's silent breast.
Such as?
Such attitudes cannot be tolerated in our society.
Such bad luck!
Such beautiful weather!
Such beauty as hers is rare.
Such beauty can’t be described.
Such behavior can cause an accident.
Such behavior gives rise to problems.
Such behavior is beneath his dignity.
Such behavior is just like Meg.
Such behavior may bring about an accident.
Such behavior shouldn't be permitted.
Such behaviour appears highly reprehensible.
Such behaviour is strange to me.
Such behaviour isn't acceptable on the street.
Such being the case, I can not go with you.
Such being the case, I can't go with you.
Such being the case, I can’t go with you.
Such being the case, I could not be present.
Such being the case, he is unable to pay.
Such being the case, you can't expect he will come here.
Such being the case, you can’t expect he will come here.
Such beliefs will be left to fester.
Such books as this are of no use to us.
Such captain, such retinue.
Such care did he bestow on his goats that he even oiled their horns and combed their hair.
Such changes are nothing more than the artist's legerdemain.
Such claims are not considered scientific.
Such claims are unproven.
Such claims have been made in the past, but have never been substantiated.
Such close had Priam's fortunes; so his days / were finished, such the bitter end he found, / now doomed by Fate with dying eyes to gaze / on Troy in flames and ruin all around, / and Pergamus laid level with the ground. / Lo, he to whom once Asia bowed the knee, / proud lord of many peoples, far-renowned, / now left to welter by the rolling sea, / a huge and headless trunk, a nameless corpse is he.
Such conditions are unacceptable for Tom.
Such conduct does not become a gentleman.
Such conduct does not beseem you.
Such conduct doesn't fit in with your reputation.
Such conduct doesn’t fit in with your reputation.
Such conduct is beneath your dignity.
Such conduct is hardly becoming of one so esteemed.
Such conduct is unworthy of a teacher.
Such conduct on his part gave rise to her parents' suspicion.
Such conduct on his part gave rise to her parents’ suspicion.
Such conduct will give rise to suspicion.
Such conduct would subject the offender to a heavy penalty.
Such confusion!
Such considerations ultimately had no effect on their final decision.
Such crimes have no statute of limitations.
Such dishonour can only be washed away with blood.
Such distrust!
Such drastic economic growth cannot be sustained.
Such dreadful weather!
Such drivel. And to top it off, you believe her?
Such emotions!
Such employments as warfare, politics, public worship, and public merrymaking, are felt, in the popular apprehension, to differ intrinsically from the labour that has to do with elaborating the material means of life.
Such events don't happen suddenly.
Such evidence is clearly inadmissible in court as it has been tempered with.
Such evidence is not generally admissible in court.
Such evil customs should be done away with.
Such experiences are very rare.
Such extra-curricular classes are available only for children who have difficulties in science.
Such extravagance is beyond my reach.
Such extravagance!
Such falsehoods can endanger public health, sow confusion and fear, and prevent important information from reaching people during a crisis.
Such feelings often came over me.
Such fields should be seeded to soy beans or cowpeas when a leguminous crop is desired for soil improvement or other purposes.
Such fish as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Such fishes as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Such flagrant acts of burning the Quran display a complete disregard for religious sensitivity and respect.
Such gods have never existed.
Such harsh words!
Such impetuousness!
Such incidents are commonplace.
Such incidents are quite common.
Such incidents can happen from time to time.
Such inconveniences can always happen.
Such insolence! I will lodge a complaint!
Such international cooperation produced great results.
Such is human life. A few joys, very quickly wiped out by unforgettable sorrows.
Such is life in Russia.
Such is life!
Such is life.
Such is my principle.
Such is the cold in the Alps that the snow there never melts.
Such is the custom of the people here.
Such is the destiny of every scientific truth.
Such is the life of a man. Moments of joy, quickly obliterated by unforgettable sadness. There's no need to tell the children that.
Such is the life of men: a few joys, quickly wiped away by unforgettable sorrows. It's not necessary to tell the children.
Such is the power of beauty over a youthful and enthusiastic fancy.
Such is the tale, my sons, of the coming of the hound which is said to have plagued the family so sorely ever since.
Such is the way of the world.
Such is the weakness of our reason: it serves most often only to justify our beliefs.
Such is why some women live in poverty.
Such language doesn't harmonize with his character.
Such language doesn’t harmonize with his character.
Such languages as French, Italian and Spanish come from Latin.
Such languages as Russian, Polish, Czech and Bulgarian have common Slavic roots.
Such litigation can be very costly.
Such luxury is beyond my reach.
Such magazines have a great influence on children.
Such manuals should be written in simpler language.
Such matters are beyond the bounds of human knowledge.
Such matters usually end badly.
Such measures were not necessary.
Such men as praise you to your face are apt to speak ill of you behind your back.
Such men count for much in the society.
Such methods have been life-changing for many of his patients.
Such objectivity!
Such observations showed him obvious examples of chemical perturbations of health.
Such opportunities should be seized.
Such painters as Picasso are rare.
Such people actually exist?
Such people are few in number.
Such people are rare.
Such people command no respect.
Such people get hold of a chance.
Such people must be stopped.
Such playfulness is characteristic of Mr Baker.
Such poets as Milton are rare.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
Such pretty flowers!
Such problems are to be expected.
Such problems do exist in Interlingua, but it seemed expedient to treat them in connection with the various parts of speech whose functions in the sentence can be made to involve all syntactic questions of practical import.
Such projects are never finished.
Such projects have turned arid plains into fertile farmland, which has quadrupled agricultural production.
Such provocative actions as burning the Quran serve no constructive purpose and only contribute to the fragmentation of society.
Such questionable policies make Algeria unattractive to foreign investors.
Such questioning is routine police business.
Such rhetoric serves to announce his ideological affiliations.
Such ridiculous superstitions no longer exist.
Such scams have become more common.
Such scientists as Einstein are rare.
Such secrets are always eventually revealed.
Such short thumbs won't make it easy for you to play the piano.
Such skills could be put to many practical uses.
Such soft ears.
Such sports as tennis and baseball are very popular.
Such telling effects of contrast as Japanese artists produce by use of empty space.
Such terrible weather!
Such thing can't be true.
Such things always happen unexpectedly.
Such things are beyond my powers.
Such things are not mentioned in the law.
Such things are often a result of accident rather than malice.
Such things are often accidental rather than malicious.
Such things are presented to us as a fait accompli when they are not.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamed of fifty years ago.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamt of fifty years ago.
Such things as the textbook controversy, lack of recognition of historical events, and the prime minister's worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine have caused discord with China.
Such things as the textbook controversy, lack of recognition of historical events, and the prime minister’s worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine have caused discord with China.
Such things can happen from time to time.
Such things do happen.
Such things happen all the time.
Such things happen very often.
Such things happen.
Such things have been known to happen.
Such things have happened before.
Such things often happen by accident rather than by design.
Such things often take time.
Such thoughts revolving in her fiery mind, / straightway the Goddess to AEolia passed, / the storm-clouds' birthplace, big with blustering wind.
Such toys have a bad influence on children.
Such treatment would make anybody rebel.
Such trouble stems from carelessness.
Such was Linda's disappointment that she burst into tears.
Such was Linda’s disappointment that she burst into tears.
Such was her anger that she lost control of herself.
Such was her anger that she was lost for words.
Such was her delight that she began to dance.
Such was her delight that she fainted.
Such was her fright that she closed her eyes.
Such was her joy that she shed tears.
Such was his courage that he feared no danger.
Such was his courage that he feared nothing.
Such was his devotion that the priest hardly ever needed to look down and read from the Bible sat upon his mahogany lectern.
Such was his eloquence that everybody was moved to tears.
Such was his pride that he could not bring himself to ignore the insult.
Such was his surprise that he could not say a word for some time.
Such was the dreadful end of my beloved sister.
Such was the explosion that the roof was blown off.
Such was their conversation as they walked homeward in the evening.
Such were the delights which summer brought them, but when the autumn came, and the black grapes were covered with a thick bloom, some pirates of Tyre, who had put to sea in a Carian barque, so that they might not be taken for foreigners, approached the coast, and landed, armed with swords and bucklers.
Such were the sensations of poor Daphnis, and thus he vented his feelings; like one within whose heart the sparks of love have for the first time been kindled.
Such words are only spoken by madmen.
Such words are so typical for him.
Such words hurt me.
Such words will give rise to suspicion.
Such work postulate a lot of patience.
Such work requires a lot of patience.
Such work tempers a man's character.
Such, in a few words, my dear boy, is the history of this terrible business in which I was involved.
Suck it!
Suck me!
Suck my cock in Bangkok.
Suck my cock!
Suck my cock.
Suck my dick!
Suck my dick.
Sucker!
Sucker.
Suckers!
Sucking at something is the first step at being kind of good at something.
Sucks to be you.
Sucks to suck.
Sucre is the capital of Bolivia.
Sudan is ethnically diverse.
Sudan is plunging in yet another civil war.
Sudan tried to rein in the Janjawid.
Sudan was subject to comprehensive US sanctions, which were lifted in October 2017.
Sudan's tomb represents the obituary of a race that at one time, at the turn of the 20th century, numbered 3,000 animals.
Sudan, the last male of the species, is 41 years old, and his past attempts at mating were unsuccessful, so now conservationists will try to artificially impregnate a young, fertile female.
Sudden decrease in appetite is sometimes a sign of illness.
Sudden misfortune deprived her of her reason.
Sudden numbness, physical weakness, difficulty speaking and comprehending and loss of balance are all common symptoms of stroke.
Suddenly I felt a strong stomach ache.
Suddenly I felt solid ground under my feet.
Suddenly I felt something like a jolt.
Suddenly I felt very tired.
Suddenly I got lucky.
Suddenly I heard a commotion in the alley and went to see what was going on.
Suddenly I heard a loud clap of thunder.
Suddenly I hit on a happy idea.
Suddenly I sensed, how in a flash I started to get it.
Suddenly I thought of my deceased mother.
Suddenly I understood what they had done.
Suddenly I was assailed by a wave of terror.
Suddenly Jim pulled the car up in front of the bank.
Suddenly Nancy screamed in the midst of silence.
Suddenly Tom began to cry.
Suddenly Tom's attitude changed.
Suddenly a bear appeared before us.
Suddenly a dog began to bark.
Suddenly a huge wave came and the boat disappeared.
Suddenly a light bulb went off in my head.
Suddenly a man appeared, grabbed my suitcase and ran away.
Suddenly a man appeared, packed my suitcase and ran away.
Suddenly a robber stepped out of the darkness.
Suddenly a sharp pain quivered through her body, and she fell to the ground, pierced by an arrow.
Suddenly a soldier appeared, who held a rapier in his hand.
Suddenly a voice rang out on the other side of the wall.
Suddenly all the city lights went out.
Suddenly all the lights went out.
Suddenly anxious, he slashed a hurried X in one of the trees to mark his position then turned to follow a line of similar marks back through the jungle.
Suddenly as we looked at the ship we saw a dense black cloud of smoke shoot up from her, which hung like a monstrous tree upon the sky line. A few seconds later a roar like thunder burst upon our ears, and as the smoke thinned away there was no sign left of the Gloria Scott.
Suddenly clouds obscured the sky.
Suddenly everybody stopped talking.
Suddenly everyone stopped talking.
Suddenly everything makes sense.
Suddenly everything resurfaced.
Suddenly everything was quiet, not a single sound could be heard.
Suddenly everything went black and I lost consciousness.
Suddenly he appeared with the newspaper in his hand.
Suddenly he embraced her.
Suddenly he got up and went to look out of the window.
Suddenly he heard a laugh, a laugh he recognized.
Suddenly he jumped on top of me and kissed me on my lips.
Suddenly he noticed me.
Suddenly he remembered that he hadn't come to Paris to waste time.
Suddenly he saw me.
Suddenly he spotted me.
Suddenly he stood up and left the hall.
Suddenly he stopped and looked around.
Suddenly her face reddened.
Suddenly in the middle of the night, I was startled by the clattering sound of a door.
Suddenly it all makes sense.
Suddenly it began to rain.
Suddenly it came to him what he had been forgetting all this time.
Suddenly it came to him what he had forgotten all this time.
Suddenly it dawned on me.
Suddenly it occurred to me something I had never seriously considered.
Suddenly it was as though he felt someone's glance directed at him.
Suddenly my back seized up.
Suddenly my companion’s voice broke in upon my thoughts: “You are right, Watson,” said he. “It does seem a most preposterous way of settling a dispute.” “Most preposterous!” I exclaimed, and then suddenly realizing how he had echoed the inmost thought of my soul, I sat up in my chair and stared at him in blank amazement.
Suddenly my computer stopped working.
Suddenly my heart hurts.
Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by the sound of running feet behind me and by a voice which called me by name.
Suddenly rain began to fall.
Suddenly she felt tiny, worthless and miserable.
Suddenly she had a brilliant inspiration.
Suddenly she had a change of heart about him.
Suddenly she saw ahead of her a vine full of grapes.
Suddenly she stood up, very pale, and with a strange light in her eyes.
Suddenly smelling smoke could be a sign of stoke.
Suddenly the clouds snatch away both sky and even daylight from the eyes of the Trojans: black night lies upon the sea; the poles thunder, and the upper air flashes with repeated fires, and all things threaten immediate death for the men.
Suddenly the eldest daughter spoke up, saying, "I want candy."
Suddenly the great world stands still because a little virus wants it so.
Suddenly the ground seemed to disappear from beneath my feet.
Suddenly the heavens opened.
Suddenly the horse began to run about wildly.
Suddenly the horse threw up his head, curved his neck backward, cocked his ears and whinnied.
Suddenly the lights went out.
Suddenly the lion came at his trainer.
Suddenly the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
Suddenly the phone rang.
Suddenly the plane begins to rock and the seat belt signs come on.
Suddenly the sky clouded over.
Suddenly the sky grew dark.
Suddenly the telephone rang.
Suddenly there appeared before them the Beast who said to the merchant, "Is this thy youngest daughter?" And when he had said that it was, he said, "Is she willing to stop here with me?" And then he looked at Bella who said, in a trembling voice, "Yes, sir."
Suddenly there came along this wind something towards him—a message from the place—from some soul residing there, it seemed. Surely it was the sound of bells, the voice of the city, faint and musical, calling to him, "We are happy here!"
Suddenly there was a rifle shot.
Suddenly there was a sudden squeak somewhere. It was very sudden. Sudden... Try saying that word fifty times then using it in a sentence...
Suddenly they all began to laugh.
Suddenly they started screaming, two of them got up and nearly hit each other.
Suddenly they were kissing passionately.
Suddenly unable to make up her mind, she didn't know what to do.
Suddenly we had hope.
Suddenly we heard someone cry for help.
Suddenly we heard the shrill meow of a cat.
Suddenly we looked down into a cup-like depression, patched with stunted oaks and furs which had been twisted and bent by the fury of years of storm. Two high, narrow towers rose over the trees. The driver pointed with his whip. “Baskerville Hall,” said he.
Suddenly we saw a shark swimming our way.
Suddenly you were there.
Suddenly, 100 workers were laid off.
Suddenly, Adriano got the chills.
Suddenly, Anna's dad walked into the room and she and Vladimir jumped apart.
Suddenly, Antonio appeared behind Rima.
Suddenly, Boris's German Shepherd showed up.
Suddenly, Casablanca didn't seem that great.
Suddenly, Gunter opened the door.
Suddenly, Gustavo’s surroundings turned dark.
Suddenly, Hiroko burst into tears.
Suddenly, I blacked out.
Suddenly, I feel all alone.
Suddenly, I feel very hungry.
Suddenly, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
Suddenly, I felt like going home.
Suddenly, I found myself all alone.
Suddenly, I had a memory of our childhood at the farm.
Suddenly, I heard shouting.
Suddenly, I heard someone singing near by.
Suddenly, I no longer knew which way was up and which down.
Suddenly, I raised my ears to the faint sound of footsteps coming from behind me.
Suddenly, I realize I have been smiling nonstop under my balaclava for hours.
Suddenly, I realize that I still have so much to learn!
Suddenly, I saw a beautiful bird.
Suddenly, Jack realized what had happened to him.
Suddenly, James heard sirens.
Suddenly, Janos's smile disappeared.
Suddenly, Leon changed.
Suddenly, Lukas got a really bad feeling in his gut.
Suddenly, Mark felt dizzy.
Suddenly, Mary found herself in the middle of a controversy.
Suddenly, Mary started giggling uncontrollably.
Suddenly, Matthew started crying.
Suddenly, Matthew stepped out of the room.
Suddenly, Michael appeared in front of Linda.
Suddenly, Michael got a knock on the door.
Suddenly, Michael leaned in and kissed Linda.
Suddenly, Michael showed up from behind Dad.
Suddenly, Michael turned to Linda.
Suddenly, Oleg appeared.
Suddenly, Rima started screaming like mad.
Suddenly, Robert appeared from behind.
Suddenly, Robert stopped.
Suddenly, Santiago pulled a knife.
Suddenly, Stefan heard a scream.
Suddenly, Tom and I were alone.
Suddenly, Tom came into the room.
Suddenly, Tom collapsed onto the ground.
Suddenly, Tom cried out in pain.
Suddenly, Tom fell to his knees.
Suddenly, Tom got up and left.
Suddenly, Tom grabbed his chest in pain.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary meant.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary wanted.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary was doing.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary was trying to say.
Suddenly, Tom realized what was happening.
Suddenly, Tom stopped.
Suddenly, Vladimir didn't like the way he looked anymore.
Suddenly, Vladimir turned to me and there was that heart-pounding rush in my chest again.
Suddenly, Ziri and his men appeared.
Suddenly, Ziri appeared and ordered Rima to drop her gun.
Suddenly, Ziri appeared out of nowhere.
Suddenly, Ziri barged in.
Suddenly, Ziri burst out laughing.
Suddenly, Ziri came in.
Suddenly, Ziri came out of nowhere.
Suddenly, Ziri felt uncomfortable.
Suddenly, Ziri got down on one knee, asking Rima to marry him.
Suddenly, Ziri grabbed Walid's knife and stabbed his leg with it.
Suddenly, Ziri heard a meow.
Suddenly, Ziri heard someone behind him.
Suddenly, Ziri heard the guard's footsteps coming towards him.
Suddenly, Ziri injected a drug in Rima's neck.
Suddenly, Ziri jumped out of his seat.
Suddenly, Ziri just burst into tears and ran to hug his mom tight.
Suddenly, Ziri kissed Rima on the neck.
Suddenly, Ziri kissed Rima.
Suddenly, Ziri leapt out.
Suddenly, Ziri pulled Rima towards him and leaned in for a kiss.
Suddenly, Ziri realized he could use the wrench as a weapon.
Suddenly, Ziri realized that Rima had stolen his gun.
Suddenly, Ziri shot Rima.
Suddenly, Ziri snatched the book away from Rima and tossed it aside.
Suddenly, Ziri started shooting at us.
Suddenly, Ziri took out a gun and shot Rima in the head.
Suddenly, Ziri took out his phone and showed Rima the pictures.
Suddenly, Ziri walked up to Rima and hugged her.
Suddenly, Ziri woke up.
Suddenly, Ziri's phone buzzed.
Suddenly, Ziri's phone rang.
Suddenly, a burglar crept out of the darkness.
Suddenly, a campus officer showed up.
Suddenly, a car appeared out of nowhere.
Suddenly, a dog began to bark.
Suddenly, a fire broke out in the movie theater.
Suddenly, a good idea occurred to me.
Suddenly, a long terrible scream filled the air.
Suddenly, a man materialized in front of us.
Suddenly, a man stepped in front of them.
Suddenly, a pack of wolves appeared in the clearing.
Suddenly, a phone rang and pierced the silent mosque.
Suddenly, a ship appeared through the fog.
Suddenly, a terrible storm came up.
Suddenly, a young woman stood up.
Suddenly, adrenaline kicked in and I punched Yanni square in the face.
Suddenly, all eyes were on Ziri.
Suddenly, all the lights went off.
Suddenly, all the lights went out.
Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrified woman.
Suddenly, as if to break the silence, the telephone began to ring.
Suddenly, both started to run.
Suddenly, every conversation became about Lajos.
Suddenly, everybody rushed into the street.
Suddenly, everything became clear.
Suddenly, everything fell silent.
Suddenly, everything makes sense!
Suddenly, everything was clear to me.
Suddenly, everything went black.
Suddenly, everything went dark.
Suddenly, four scary-looking assassins appeared from among the shadows. It wasn't going to be easy getting out of this one.
Suddenly, from behind, appeared Ziri.
Suddenly, he accelerated the car.
Suddenly, he changed the subject.
Suddenly, he dropped a bombshell.
Suddenly, he dropped us a bombshell.
Suddenly, he fell asleep.
Suddenly, he fell down on his back.
Suddenly, he grabbed her and kissed her.
Suddenly, he heard a strange sound.
Suddenly, he heard somebody's voice.
Suddenly, he lept forward.
Suddenly, he punched the table.
Suddenly, he slapped his forehead.
Suddenly, he slipped and fell into the pool.
Suddenly, he took his wig off.
Suddenly, he took out a ring, kneeled on the ground, and asked me to marry him.
Suddenly, he was standing right next to me.
Suddenly, her face was pale.
Suddenly, her face went pale.
Suddenly, in spite of myself, tears began to flow down my face.
Suddenly, it all became clear.
Suddenly, it became noisy.
Suddenly, it began to rain.
Suddenly, it got dark outside.
Suddenly, it looks bigger.
Suddenly, it rained.
Suddenly, it started raining heavily.
Suddenly, it started raining very hard.
Suddenly, it started to look almost nice and warm.
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.
Suddenly, it started to rain.
Suddenly, lightning struck one of the most ancient trees in the forest.
Suddenly, loud alarms started blaring all over the place.
Suddenly, my back seized up.
Suddenly, my computer crashed.
Suddenly, my feet stopped.
Suddenly, my mother started singing.
Suddenly, objects were getting thrown across the room.
Suddenly, red and blue lights start flashing behind us.
Suddenly, she disappeared.
Suddenly, she had a brilliant idea.
Suddenly, she stopped and looked around.
Suddenly, something appeared on the screen.
Suddenly, something unexpected happened.
Suddenly, the Sphinx raised its head.
Suddenly, the basement I was in started to look almost nice and warm.
Suddenly, the branch he was on broke, and he fell to the ground.
Suddenly, the branch he's on breaks, and he falls to the ground.
Suddenly, the captain abandoned the ship.
Suddenly, the captain left the ship.
Suddenly, the cellar door slammed shut.
Suddenly, the chimp bolted off.
Suddenly, the clouds darkened the sky.
Suddenly, the crowd fell silent.
Suddenly, the crowd stopped cheering.
Suddenly, the crying stopped. The girl wasn't there. She was gone!
Suddenly, the dog started barking.
Suddenly, the door closed with a loud noise.
Suddenly, the door opened and her father entered.
Suddenly, the door pushed open.
Suddenly, the door swung open, and Tom walked in.
Suddenly, the doorbell rang.
Suddenly, the front door slammed shut.
Suddenly, the light went on.
Suddenly, the light went out.
Suddenly, the lights came on.
Suddenly, the lights went on.
Suddenly, the lights went out.
Suddenly, the phone rang.
Suddenly, the power went out.
Suddenly, the prince noticed that his bodyguard wasn't at his side anymore.
Suddenly, the rain fell.
Suddenly, the roof collapsed.
Suddenly, the room lit up.
Suddenly, the ropes dropped from the chair and Stefan was free.
Suddenly, the silence was broken by a loud explosion.
Suddenly, the supervisor lost his composure.
Suddenly, the thick clouds hid the sun.
Suddenly, the tranquil quietness of the morning was interrupted by the noise of a small motorboat that approached the ship.
Suddenly, the unicorn approached me majestically, touched me with its horn and... I woke up with this mark.
Suddenly, there appeared a billy goat in the doorway.
Suddenly, there was a commotion.
Suddenly, there was a period of terrible violence and hatred between blacks and whites.
Suddenly, there was a whisper to my ear.
Suddenly, there were gunshots.
Suddenly, they appeared to me.
Suddenly, they both started singing.
Suddenly, they stopped talking.
Suddenly, they were all over each.
Suddenly, they were making out.
Suddenly, things were very quiet.
Suddenly, this mouse stopped working.
Suddenly, you were there.
Sue Beffel is the site leader for the cleanup at Colvin Run. The Virginia stream is one of 428 cleanup sites all along the Potomac River, which runs through Washington, DC and flows into the Chesapeake Bay, an estuary on the Atlantic coast. There's a wide variety of trash to clean up, including tires, plastic bottles, beer cans, and other careless cast-offs.
Sue Finley, now 80 years old and NASA’s longest-serving female employee, recalls her early days with the space agency when she worked as a human “computer,” calculating rocket trajectories by hand at a time when computers were huge and expensive to operate.
Sue Fowler of Maryland traveled to the states with her parents when she was a teenager in the 1960s.
Sue Macy's book, "Breaking Through: How Female Athletes Shattered Stereotypes in the Roaring Twenties," relates the struggles of women athletes in the U.S. and how they paved the way for success for modern women in sports.
Sue and I have always got on well.
Sue and John decided to get married.
Sue and John decided to take the plunge.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
Sue had never thought to question her gender.
Sue has a big bottom, but she doesn't care.
Sue has a big bottom, but she doesn’t care.
Sue has never had a head for money.
Sue is an American student.
Sue is the best tennis player in our school.
Sue is the name affectionately bestowed on the Field Museum’s star attraction, the world’s largest and most complete fossilized example of a Tyrannosaurus rex. She was named after the woman who discovered her, paleontologist Sue Hendrickson.
Sue may meet the Browns.
Sue picked up a pencil off the floor.
Sue will meet the Browns.
Suffer fools gladly.
Suffer pangs of conscience.
Sufferance is the badge of all our tribe.
Suffering changes people.
Suffering devours the heart as well as the courage.
Suffering devours your heart, and also your courage.
Suffering doesn't make people better.
Suffering from hair loss at her age is so sad.
Suffering from terminal cancer, he was thrown out of a certain veteran hospital in New York three times because he adamantly rejected blood transfusions.
Suffering has a noble purpose: the evolution of the consciousness and the burning up of the ego.
Suffering is not a virtue.
Suffering is suffering, no matter how unintelligent the victim may be.
Suffering is the price of all good things in the world.
Suffering isn't a virtue.
Suffering isn't an end in itself.
Suffering many hardships and overcoming many trials to come to a certain point will test one's strength of will.
Suffering on Earth will subside if we stop fostering it.
Suffering people have more children, but this often increases their suffering.
Suffering shared is half as painful.
Suffice it to say that, after all, this won't do.
Suffice it to say that, after all, this won’t do.
Suffice to say it was a horrible night.
Suffice to say, Edna gets no work done.
Sufficient clothing should be worn but not too much, and all exercise should be avoided that might produce very copious perspiration.
Suffixes, 1: "-ion" creates nouns that show the meaning of 'action, state, process, results,' and so on.
Suffixes, 1: "-ion" creates nouns that show the meaning of ’action, state, process, results,’ and so on.
Sufism is the inner, mystical dimension of Islam. Practitioners are called ṣūfī. Scholars judge that Sufism cannot be learnt from books, but rather can be learnt as a disciple of a qualified teacher.
Suga has a reputation for excelling at alliance-building.
Suga is highly regarded for his adept management of Japan’s complex bureaucracies.
Sugar cane is an edible grass, which makes it a vegetable.
Sugar cane is sweet.
Sugar comes from many sources.
Sugar consumption is growing in Algeria.
Sugar dissolves in hot coffee.
Sugar dissolves in hot water.
Sugar dissolves in warm coffee.
Sugar dissolves in water.
Sugar dissolves into coffee.
Sugar draws ants.
Sugar gliders are my favourite animal.
Sugar is a major cause of obesity.
Sugar is bad for your teeth.
Sugar is soluble in water.
Sugar is sugar — whether in fruit or granular form.
Sugar is sweet, butter is fat.
Sugar is sweet, lemon is sour... and what is bitter?
Sugar is sweet.
Sugar is usually added.
Sugar is water-soluble.
Sugar isn't good for you.
Sugar isn't good for your health.
Sugar isn't healthy.
Sugar makes me sick.
Sugar melts in hot water.
Sugar molecules in food caramelise at around 180 degree Celsius.
Sugar replaced honey as a sweetener.
Sugar was on sale today.
Sugar will dissolve in a glass of water quickly.
Sugar!
Sugar-free vanilla latte for Angie.
Sugared doughnuts are a weakness of mine.
Sugars are carbohydrates.
Sugary drinks have been linked to a variety of maladies, including obesity, Type 2 diabetes and heart disease.
Sugary drinks have no nutritional value and contribute significantly to weight gain.
Suggestions are welcome.
Suggestions for improvements are welcomed.
Suggestions include tetanus shots for pregnant women, teaching women to keep their babies warm and snug against their chests and breast-feeding shortly after birth.
Suh dude.
Suicide attempts are punishable by death.
Suicide is a crime in some parts of the world.
Suicide is a desperate act.
Suicide is a leading cause of death in the country with the longest life expectancy.
Suicide is an act of desperation.
Suicide is an act of revenge against yourself, and I personally have nothing against myself.
Suicide is dangerous.
Suicide is hard to commit.
Suicide is never the answer.
Suicide is punishable by death.
Suicide isn't an option.
Suicide isn't painful.
Suicide isn't the answer.
Suicides of high school students as a result of bullying continued one after another.
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action.
Suit yourself.
Suitable for vegetarians and vegans.
Suits in both stripes and solids can be found at most fine suit stores.
Suits me fine.
Suleimani controlled Iraq.
Suleimani controlled the shots in Iraq.
Suleimani was a formidable strategist.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
Sulfur has many uses, mostly industrial.
Sulfur is used to make matches.
Sulfur smells like rotten eggs.
Sulfuric acid is stronger than acetic acid.
Sulfuric acid was already known to medieval alchemists as oil of vitriol.
Sulfuric acid was once known as "oil of vitriol."
Sulla began to kill his enemies, and Caesar was on the list of the people that he was going to kill. Caesar’s mother’s family begged for his life, and Sulla, reluctantly, spared him. Then Caesar joined the Roman army and returned after Sulla’s death.
Sulphur is a chemical element with the symbol S.
Sulphuric acid was formally referred to as Melanterite oil.
Sultan is an orange tiger cub who belongs to jasmine.
Sum up the passage within 200 words.
Sumatra is an island.
Sumerian is interesting.
Sumerian is thought to be the oldest known written language.
Sumgait is an industrial city.
Sumit can whip up a killer veg biryani.
Sumit runs a veg restaurant down the street.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Summarize the contents in 60 English words.
Summarize the text with your own words.
Summarize what you've said and repeat anew your power sound bite and three supporting statements.
Summarizing the panel's new report, Dr. Koplan says reversing the obesity epidemic will require a multifaceted approach by schools, families, communities, the food and entertainment industries, and governments at all levels.
Summer and Autumn are friends.
Summer arrived in June, right on schedule.
Summer begins early in my country.
Summer break ends too soon.
Summer break is almost here.
Summer came and the pear tree was laden with pears.
Summer came early.
Summer came quickly.
Summer came, and it got really hot.
Summer camp was over.
Summer camps are the worst invention of humankind.
Summer comes two months later. During that season, a lot of tourists come to Antalya's hotels.
Summer days are so hot.
Summer days can be very, very hot.
Summer doesn't last very long.
Summer festivals and firework shows are a quintessential part of summer in that town.
Summer grasses, all that remain of warriors' dreams.
Summer has arrived at last.
Summer has arrived.
Summer has begun.
Summer has certainly passed by quickly.
Summer has come early.
Summer has come.
Summer has ended.
Summer has finally arrived in the southern hemisphere.
Summer has finally arrived.
Summer has gone all too soon.
Summer has just begun.
Summer has long blonde hair which is similar to rapunzel that is braided and decorated with flowers like rapunzel hair.
Summer heatwaves are becoming the new normal across Europe.
Summer heatwaves are becoming the new normal across the region.
Summer holiday begins in July.
Summer in Boston is warm and humid, while winter is cold, windy, and snowy.
Summer in Buenos Aires is hot.
Summer in Japan is very hot.
Summer in New York is usually very hot.
Summer in Taipei is very hot and humid!
Summer is a hot season.
Summer is a long time away.
Summer is a long way off.
Summer is almost here!
Summer is almost here.
Summer is almost over.
Summer is always hot and humid.
Summer is behind us.
Summer is cold this year.
Summer is coming soon!
Summer is coming to an end.
Summer is coming.
Summer is disappearing and winter approaches.
Summer is ending soon. That's pretty depressing news.
Summer is finally beginning.
Summer is gone.
Summer is here.
Summer is hot in Buenos Aires.
Summer is hot.
Summer is my favorite season of the year.
Summer is my favorite season.
Summer is my favourite of the four seasons.
Summer is nearing its end.
Summer is not far.
Summer is now over in Algiers.
Summer is over.
Summer is over. I can tell by my cold feet.
Summer is slow in coming this year.
Summer is slowly approaching.
Summer is still a long way away.
Summer is still far away.
Summer is supposed to be nice here.
Summer is the hottest season.
Summer is the hottest time of the year.
Summer is the most appropriate time of the year to enjoy a nice barbecue.
Summer is the most enjoyable time of the year to gather family members around a tasty barbecue.
Summer is the season I like best.
Summer is the season when women look most beautiful.
Summer is the time of school holidays.
Summer is the warmest season of the year.
Summer is too hot for me, I prefer cooler seasons.
Summer is very hot in southern Spain.
Summer isn't over yet!
Summer isn't over yet.
Summer isn’t over yet!
Summer provides opportunities for relaxation.
Summer seems to have come at last.
Summer this year is a bit weird.
Summer this year is cold.
Summer this year is finally over.
Summer time comes to an end next Sunday.
Summer time will end next Sunday.
Summer time will start next Sunday.
Summer vacation always equals idleness and relaxation.
Summer vacation begins next Monday.
Summer vacation goes away in the blink of an eye.
Summer vacation is long.
Summer vacation is near at hand.
Summer vacation is near. Can you think of a good place for the holidays?
Summer vacation is over.
Summer vacation is soon.
Summer vacation starts in July.
Summer vacation? What does "summer vacation" mean?
Summer vegetables that contain a lot of water have the effect of cooling down the body.
Summer was beautiful.
Summer was just around the corner.
Summer was marking its end.
Summer wasn't at its peak yet.
Summer went by fast.
Summer will be here before you know it.
Summer will be over soon.
Summer's about to end.
Summer's all over.
Summer's beginning soon in Antarctica, isn't it?
Summer's over.
Summer's warmth and humidity seem to tamp down, but not eliminate, the risk of infection.
Summer, stay a bit longer!
Summers are hot in Japan.
Summers are usually warm, with plenty of rain.
Summers are very hot here.
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
Summers can be very hot in Kabylie.
Summers here aren't as hot as in my hometown.
Summers in Taiwan are sweltering.
Summing up, it is clear the future holds great opportunities. It also holds pitfalls. The trick will be to avoid the pitfalls, seize the opportunities, and get back home by six o'clock.
Summon up your courage and tell the truth.
Sumo is a Japanese martial art.
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.
Sumo is great fun; otherwise she wouldn't be interested in it.
Sumo is great fun; otherwise she wouldn’t be interested in it.
Sumo is the traditional sport of Japan.
Sumo wrestling is a traditional Japanese sport.
Sumo, traditional Japanese wrestling, is attracting fans and participants in the United States.
Sun Moon Lake is the largest lake in Taiwan.
Sun Tzu wrote the Art of War.
Sun Valley attorney Jim Phillips has acted as a go-between for developers and wool growers. He says the law is on the ranchers' side when swank developments and mansion sprawl threaten to block the sheep migration.
Sun Works staff member Viraj Puri explains that the river water is purified and desalinated by a "reverse osmosis" machine.
Sun and rain, rainbow.
Sun is really what ivy needs.
Sun lights the landscape, pain illuminates the soul.
Sun makes all the difference.
Sun rise was incredibly beautiful.
Sun streamed into the room from the window.
Sunbathers swarmed beaches across the country.
Sunbathing isn't as popular as it used to be.
Sunbeam snakes kill their prey with constriction.
Sunblock contains chemicals that can reflect or absorb the ultraviolet light.
Sunburn irritates the skin.
Sunday afternoon was fine.
Sunday comes after Saturday.
Sunday follows Saturday.
Sunday has always been my least favourite day of the week.
Sunday is a holiday in Christian countries.
Sunday is a once-in-a-century day. The date is a palindrome, meaning it is the same read backwards or forward. It is February 2, or 02/02/2020, and the phenomenon is the same no matter whether regional custom calls for listing the day or the month first.
Sunday is followed by Monday.
Sunday is his day off.
Sunday is my rest day.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
Sunday is not a workday.
Sunday is not an ordinary day to me.
Sunday is the Lord's Day.
Sunday is the day when I am busiest.
Sunday is the day when I am least busy.
Sunday is the day when people go to church.
Sunday is the first day of the week.
Sunday is the last day of the week.
Sunday is the seventh day of the week.
Sunday is when I spend my time reading.
Sunday lunch on a Monday? How unusual!
Sunday night, he doesn't work.
Sunday's game will be crucial.
Sunday's game will be decisive.
Sunday's match will be crucial.
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
Sunday, Tom ate a birthday cake.
Sundays I don't go to school.
Sundrop is a pink peacock with green eyes and a rainbow colored tail.
Sunflower honey has a bright and cheerful flavor, collected from sunflower plant blooms.
Sunflowers always point towards the sun.
Sunflowers are beautiful flowers.
Sunflowers are pretty flowers.
Sunflowers obviously love the sun.
Sunflowers turn to the sun.
Sunglasses protect our eyes from the sun.
Suni is playing.
Sunisa Lee, at 18 the youngest member of the U.S. women’s Olympics gymnastics team at the Tokyo Games, has won the gold medal in the individual all-around competition on Thursday.
Sunlight acts upon the skin.
Sunlight and water are agents that make plants grow.
Sunlight blasted through the window.
Sunlight brightens the room.
Sunlight came through the windows and lit up the floor.
Sunlight can heat water.
Sunlight enters the room, and so does fresh sea air.
Sunlight flooded the room.
Sunlight has faded the net curtains.
Sunlight is essential for the growth of plants.
Sunlight is no less necessary to good health than fresh air.
Sunlight is penetrating the curtains.
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.
Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
Sunlight is the main source of vitamin D.
Sunlight makes my room warm.
Sunlight pours into the room through the window.
Sunlight reflected off the pristine lake, dancing tremulously across the boats' hulls.
Sunlight ripens and sweetens the grapes.
Sunlight shone down through the windowpanes on to the floor.
Sunlight sparkled on the lake.
Sunlight streamed in through the windows.
Sunlight streamed through the windows on to the floor.
Sunlight was shining through the windows, lighting the floor.
Sunni and Shia Islam are two different expressions of the same faith.
Sunny days are prevalent here.
Sunny spells will develop in the afternoon.
Sunrise is my favorite time of day.
Sunrise was incredibly beautiful.
Suns can set and rise again; but when at once our brief light falls, one perpetual night must be slept by us.
Sunset became night in a blink of an eye.
Sunset drew near.
Sunset is a beautiful sight.
Sunset is at about five o'clock.
Sunset is round about five.
Sunshine appeared.
Sunshine is a fount of energy that rejuvenates both nature and spirit alike.
Sunshine is a warm burst of joy after a gloomy, rainy week.
Sunshine is beneficial to plants.
Sunshine is the main source of vitamin D.
Sunspots appear darker than their surroundings because they are a few thousand degrees cooler.
Sunspots are regions of the Sun where the solar magnetic field is very strong.
Sup up!
Super Mario Bros. was released thirty years ago.
Super Nintendo World opened in Japan.
Super attractive girls are just as nervous as anybody else.
Super attractive girls are just like anybody else. They don't have super powers.
Super technology weapons from the ancients always end up out of control.
Super!
SuperCam fires a pulsed laser beam out of the rover's mast, or "head," to vaporize small portions of rock from a distance, providing information that will be essential to the mission's success.
SuperCam is a rock-vaporizing instrument that will help scientists hunt for Mars fossils.
Superconducting magnets can be used for the levitation of high-speed trains.
Superconducting magnets can produce intense magnetic fields.
Superconductivity is a physical property.
Superconductivity occurs when a metal loses all resistance to the flow of an electric current.
Superconductors are materials through which electricity can flow without any resistance, when they are cooled below their critical temperature.
Superheroes have special powers.
Superman can bend iron.
Superman can fly.
Superman can see through walls.
Superman chased after the bullet.
Superman flies as fast as a rocket.
Superman is a superhero.
Superman won every gold medal.
Supermarket staffers are now in the category of heroic workers, like first responders.
Supermarkets often use alcohol as a loss leader to draw in other more profitable sales.
Supernatural beings exist.
Supernovas can leave behind neutron stars, which pack more mass than our Sun into a sphere roughly as wide as the island of Manhattan is long.
Supersessionism is a form of cultural genocide.
Supersessionism is the theological belief that Christianity has replaced Judaism, rendering it obsolete and taking its place.
Supersessionism or replacement theology is often contrasted with two-covenant theology.
Superstition is certainly part of the present, past and future life of man.
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
Superstition is the religion of fools.
Superstitions derive from the inability of men to acknowledge that coincidences are merely coincidences.
Superstitious people in Russia never pronounce the word "чёрт". I'm one of them.
Supervise your own children.
Supper is a simple meal.
Supper is at half-past seven.
Supper is cold.
Supper is getting cold.
Supper is ready.
Supper is served at nine-thirty.
Supper tastes better with a pinch of salt.
Supper was laid out on the table.
Supper will be served after the concert.
Supper's almost ready.
Supper's getting cold.
Supper's ready.
Supplementary information includes adverbs and things that function as adverbs.
Supplies are very low.
Supplies can't keep up with the demand.
Supplies cannot keep up with the demand.
Supplies of food were low and we had to ration out the little that was left.
Supplies of oil are not infinite.
Supplies were no problem.
Supplies were trucked in from as far away as California.
Supplies were very low.
Supply and demand have been rising at the same rate for five years.
Supply and demand is an important feature of economics.
Supply can't keep up with demand.
Supply cannot keep up with demand.
Supply chain constraints have thrust prices upwards considerably.
Supply chains are disrupted across the globe.
Supply creates its own demand.
Supply exceeds demand.
Supply is relative to demand.
Supply isn't low.
Supply me with this information as soon as possible.
Supply of oil from the Middle East may be disturbed.
Supply will soon overtake demand.
Support Tatoeba!
Support a friend's project.
Support charitable causes that align with your values.
Support during tough times tests love's durability.
Support for Palestine has become a global phenomenon.
Support for post-genocidal war reconciliation and reconstruction is vital.
Support for the bill vacillated.
Support for trans women in sports leads with science and statistics; the opposition leads with common sense and fear.
Support from a native speaker would be appreciated.
Support is uniform for the agreement.
Support is very important.
Support local businesses in your community.
Support me on this one.
Support our Islamic education center.
Support the local economy while getting drunk!
Support this agency.
Support vector machines are supervised learning models used for classification and regression analysis.
Support your clients as they enter and leave the bath.
Support your friends' aspirations and dreams.
Support your local businesses.
Supported by a rook, the pawn advanced to the end of the field, deciding the match.
Supporters fought with each other after the football match.
Supporters of the code, more than a decade in the making, praised it as enhancing the rights of women and girls, who they say have been traditionally viewed as second-class citizens.
Supporters of the project say it will generate badly needed jobs and respect local sensitivities.
Supporting Western Sahara's independence would contribute to regional stability and the promotion of peace in North Africa.
Supporting actual Nazis, repeating their arguments uncritically, these are the sorts of things that might get you branded a Nazi.
Supporting each other is what counts the most.
Supporting his family was a great burden for him.
Supporting the independence of Western Sahara aligns with the principles of justice, equality, and human rights, as it seeks to rectify historical injustices and promote the well-being of the Sahrawi people.
Supporting the independence of Western Sahara is a moral imperative that upholds the rights and dignity of the Sahrawi people and demonstrates our commitment to justice, human rights, and the principles of international law.
Supporting the local economy while getting drunk is nice.
Suppose I am talking about you.
Suppose I do that.
Suppose I had gone to America.
Suppose I remove, starting with hair one inch in length, leaving hair a half inch in length. Is that shaving?
Suppose I told you...
Suppose Tom and Mary weren't really going to do that.
Suppose Tom wasn't really going to do that.
Suppose for a moment that pigeons had something in their heads which could sense magnetic fields.
Suppose he were here. What would you do?
Suppose it rains tomorrow, shall we still go on the picnic?
Suppose it rains, what shall we do?
Suppose it were true, what would you do?
Suppose she comes back. What would you say to her?
Suppose that pigeons have something in their heads which can feel the power lines.
Suppose that we miss the last train, what should we do?
Suppose the girl is not affected by what happened.
Suppose then that we defer the marriage till the autumn.
Suppose there was a worldwide oil shortage in ten years' time. What would happen to the industrialised countries?
Suppose there was a worldwide oil shortage in ten years’ time. What would happen to the industrialised countries?
Suppose there's some jerk you just can't get on with.
Suppose there’s some jerk you just can’t get on with.
Suppose they make faces at me.
Suppose thou didst desire to go to thy friends, and hadst a longing after thy father's house: why hast thou stolen away my gods?
Suppose we accept the arguments so far.
Suppose we change the subject.
Suppose we didn't.
Suppose we go to the movies tonight instead of tomorrow?
Suppose you are fired, what will you do first?
Suppose you are talking to a friend.
Suppose you are talking to your friend.
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?
Suppose you had ten million yen, what would you do?
Suppose you wait till tomorrow?
Suppose you wanted to live in Brazil. Which city would you choose to live in?
Suppose your father saw us together, what would he say?
Supposedly it's going to rain soon.
Supposedly the internet remembers everything - except when it doesn't.
Supposedly there are people in Japan who keep a penguin as a pet.
Supposedly, Tom is a good carpenter.
Supposedly, Tom is a good cook.
Supposedly, Tom swam every morning.
Supposedly, Tom went swimming every morning.
Supposedly, Tom will get out of prison on Monday.
Supposedly, everyone is connected to everyone else by, at most, six degrees of separation.
Supposedly, his father once betrayed China.
Supposedly, one in ten Europeans are conceived in an IKEA bed.
Supposedly, she's a good cook.
Supposing it rains tomorrow, will you still go on a picnic?
Supposing one man wished to dog another through London, what better means could he adopt than to turn cabdriver?
Supposing truth is a woman - what then?
Supposing war broke out, what would you do?
Supposing you are fired, what will you do first?
Supposing you could travel, where would you go first?
Supposing you had one million yen, what would you do with it?
Suppress the past, control the present, and quash any flicker of dissent before it can ignite into a blaze.
Suppressing one's anger is a virtue.
Suppressing one's romantic feelings is not the same as having no such feelings.
Suppressing one’s anger is a virtue.
Suppressing tears can have negative effects on mental and physical well-being, regardless of gender.
Suppression and distortion of historical facts are unacceptable.
Suppressive cultures are often superstitious.
Supra.
Supreme power is a dangerous thing.
Surcharges are not included.
Sure I can speak Berber in Algiers.
Sure I can speak Berber.
Sure I can, although I can't really speak Shanghainese.
Sure I can, although I can’t really speak Shanghainese.
Sure I remember my trip to Kabylie.
Sure I'll come, but I might be a bit late.
Sure do.
Sure enough, he entertained doubts.
Sure enough, the ghost appeared on the balcony.
Sure honey.
Sure we could do that, but it would be really difficult to do.
Sure we could do that, but it would be really hard to do.
Sure you can come with us to tell the king, said piggy wiggy and so chicken licken cocky locky ducky wucky piggy wiggy sheepy creepy lamby whamby puppy wuppy goosey poosey horsey worsey weasel diesel turkey lurky hawky talky foxy woxy eggy leggy wooly bully catty fatty beaver cleaver wormy squirmy hoggy woggy rooster shooster fishy wishy apey wapey toady woady mallard ballard hippo zippo mousey wousey and chicky wicky all went to see the king.
Sure!
Sure, Grandma; let's get you to bed.
Sure, I'll do it.
Sure, I'll gladly do that.
Sure, I'm free Monday.
Sure, Tom had had two beers, but his head was still clear.
Sure, Tom has already had two beers, but he's still clear-headed.
Sure, Tom, I understand.
Sure, anything for you! We're like family!
Sure, but don't take your time.
Sure, but don’t take your time.
Sure, but if everything about the world were completely different, I'd be right.
Sure, but let's eat dinner first.
Sure, but let’s eat dinner first.
Sure, gladly.
Sure, go ahead and use my computer.
Sure, go right ahead.
Sure, it might be traumatic, but so what?
Sure, it would work, but it's really hard to do.
Sure, just grab whatever you need.
Sure, my mum is a prostitute, but at least we have a place to stay.
Sure, our house might have burned down, but at least we got a good pizza out of it.
Sure, there's the Internet Archive, and you can contribute to it.
Sure, this house is as good as ever. She's built so well we could move her anywhere.
Sure, this house is as good as ever. She’s built so well we could move her anywhere.
Sure, we've made mistakes.
Sure, why not.
Sure, why not?
Sure.
Sure. Blame it on the dog.
Sure. Do you know a good place?
Sure. Good luck!
Sure. I'll be back in twenty minutes.
Sure. It's next to the Plaza Department Store.
Sure. It’s next to the Plaza Department Store.
Sure. Right away.
Sure. That's a good idea.
Sure. That’s a good idea.
Sure. What can I do?
Sure. What is it?
Surely Anna does not live alone?
Surely Anna doesn't live alone?
Surely I'm not as smart as Tom.
Surely I'm not better than Tom at French.
Surely Maria does not live alone?
Surely Maria doesn’t live alone?
Surely Tom and Mary are aware of that.
Surely Tom can be trusted.
Surely Tom does not eat meat?
Surely Tom doesn't eat meat?
Surely Tom is aware of that.
Surely Tom wouldn't do anything rash.
Surely Tom wouldn't do that.
Surely Yanni knew what he was talking about.
Surely an American or a foreigner will ask you if you speak English.
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother’s womb to be born!
Surely he is a sharp boy.
Surely he left already.
Surely he won't come.
Surely he'll phone me tonight.
Surely he's not coming.
Surely it should be possible to change that.
Surely it's closed by now.
Surely it's cold there.
Surely no one will look for this sentence.
Surely no woman as beautiful as Mary Cavendish could be a murderess.
Surely one shouldn't knock ash from your cigarette out the car window.
Surely one shouldn’t knock ash from your cigarette out the car window.
Surely somebody loves her.
Surely somebody loves you.
Surely someone loves her.
Surely someone loves you.
Surely someone will come today and help us.
Surely something like that can't happen.
Surely soon it will begin to rain.
Surely that's not acceptable.
Surely that's not possible.
Surely that's unnecessary.
Surely the city of New York is not in California, is it?
Surely the hail won't last longer than an hour?
Surely the life of troubadours in the Middle Ages was not as idyllic as we see in the movies.
Surely the most curious of sources consulted is Mankind Quarterly.
Surely the most honorable of you with Allah is the most righteous of you.
Surely the weather will become fine.
Surely there is a world beyond my imagination.
Surely there was some mistake.
Surely there was something we could have done.
Surely there was something we could've done.
Surely there will be other places with Pokestops as well!
Surely this won't work at all.
Surely we can all agree on that.
Surely we can get in touch with Tom.
Surely we deserve better.
Surely you are Tom's father.
Surely you can find the time to do that.
Surely you can see that.
Surely you can see the difference.
Surely you can't be serious.
Surely you don't believe that.
Surely you don't really believe that, do you?
Surely you don’t see?
Surely you have already read this book.
Surely you jest.
Surely you know what a kiss is?
Surely you know what to do?
Surely you know who Tom is.
Surely you must go?
Surely you must have seen that documentary before if you have an interest in maritime affairs?
Surely you told somebody.
Surely you wouldn't behead a queen merely for liking shiny things.
Surely you're cold now.
Surely you're right.
Surely you’re not tired?
Surely, in the present-day society, we might as well consider it natural that consumption plays an important role in the life of man and is closely related to his well-being and happiness.
Surely, it won't take that long.
Surely, the security cameras must've picked something up.
Surely, there is some way we can fix this.
Surely, you can't mean that.
Surely, you will eventually find.
Surface appearances can hide reality.
Surface impressions can be deceptive.
Surface ocean waters generally have oxygen concentrations close to equilibrium with the Earth's atmosphere.
Surfers from all over the world come here.
Surfing is a lot of fun.
Surfing is fun.
Surfing looks like fun.
Surfing started in Hawaii, but Californians adopted the sport early and popularized it around the world.
Surfing was fun.
Surge capacity was lacking in most countries during the pandemic.
Surgeons are using this technique to remove diseased gall bladders and spleens, to perform hysterectomies and to repair hernias and colons.
Surgeons can use the adhesive to reconnect skin and tissue inside the body.
Surgeons performed life-saving surgery on Fadil.
Surgeons performed the multi-organ transplant because of a disease that affects the 15-month-old girl's digestive system, impairing her ability to absorb nutrients from food. They say the rare condition known as microvillous inclusion disease is fatal, if not treated.
Surgery became the next best option.
Surgery didn't work.
Surgery hours are Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 12 noon, and on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Surgery is stabbing people back to life.
Surgery is the best solution.
Surgery may be needed.
Surgery was required.
Surpassing labour intensive, capital intensive, the age has shifted greatly to knowledge intensive.
Surprise her with a nosegay.
Surprise him.
Surprise is the starting point of all knowledge.
Surprise me.
Surprise your wife with a gift.
Surprise yourself with the new product highlighted in stores.
Surprise!
Surprise, I'm back on Tatoeba!
Surprise, surprise.
Surprise, surprise: it's Tom and his cohort.
Surprised at her behavior, he could not say a word.
Surprising, isn't it?
Surprisingly enough, Markku turned out to be a thief.
Surprisingly enough, he turned out to be a thief.
Surprisingly he is a very good boy.
Surprisingly, Alberto texted back right away.
Surprisingly, Donald's trick worked.
Surprisingly, Esperanto is one of the most used languages ​​on the Internet.
Surprisingly, Gustavo's action movie received rave reviews from critics.
Surprisingly, I agree with Tom.
Surprisingly, I felt very safe.
Surprisingly, Toki Pona wasn't directly inspired by La Bona Lingvo.
Surprisingly, Yanni appeared at the police station and turned himself in.
Surprisingly, Ziri and Rima's sister got along pretty well.
Surprisingly, Ziri's dog was still alive.
Surprisingly, at first glance the room was empty.
Surprisingly, he did his last job in one-third the time it would take me.
Surprisingly, he is the type that worries about being in the public eye.
Surprisingly, he quickly became hostile after a lukewarm welcome.
Surprisingly, he swims even on cold days.
Surprisingly, he was good at singing.
Surprisingly, it still works.
Surprisingly, it wasn't hard to pass the exam.
Surprisingly, it worked.
Surprisingly, nothing was stolen.
Surprisingly, pink is not one of the colors of the rainbow.
Surprisingly, that was no problem for me.
Surprisingly, the Russian abbreviation "VSEGEI", which sounds like a Russian phrase meaning "all gays", just means "Federal Geological Institute of Russia".
Surprisingly, the animal made no unsettling movements.
Surprisingly, the most serious consequences of rural depopulation are often felt in urban areas.
Surprisingly, the number seven is consistently considered lucky, even for very different cultures. Everyone knows that in western casinos, a person wins at the slot machines if they get triple sevens, and seven is the most probable outcome of rolling two dice. But even the ancient Greeks thought seven was a special number.
Surprisingly, the starving farm cat ate moldy white bread and lime jello.
Surprisingly, there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
Surprisingly, there are some people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
Surprisingly, there was hot water in that motel.
Surprisingly, those advocating for a cap on daily sentence contributions are very far from being the site's most active participants.
Surrealism is a bullfrog's antler.
Surrealism is a bullfrog's antlers.
Surrealism is distorted mayonnaise electrified underwater.
Surrealism is pure psychic automatism.
Surrealist writing came before surrealist visual art.
Surrealists of the world, drip onto the ceiling!
Surrender or die!
Surrender to the enemy.
Surrender to the music.
Surrender your weapon.
Surrender your weapons.
Surrender!
Surrender.
Surrogacy arrangements are sometimes compensated.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Surround yourself with Muslims.
Surround yourself with people who inspire you.
Surround yourself with positive Muslims.
Surrounded by burning candles, she dips herself into a bubble bath.
Surrounded by his children, he began his story.
Surrounded by hordes of vampires, Christopher Columbus once had an epic sword duel with Count Dracula in the latter's castle. After the Count cut off Columbus's hand, Columbus calmly picked it up, put it back in place, and proceeded to best the Count.
Surrounded by hordes of vampires, Christopher Columbus once had an epic sword duel with Count Dracula in the latter’s castle. After the Count cut off Columbus’s hand, Columbus calmly picked it up, put it back in place, and proceeded to best the Count.
Surrounded by pine-covered mountains of the southern Peloponnese region, audiences can clearly hear the sounds of birds and crickets along with the protests of people who were locked out of the theater for arriving too late.
Surrounded by the sea, Japan has a mild climate.
Surrounding oneself with negative influences can be more detrimental than being alone.
Surrounding the house is a wall, beyond which there are cypress trees growing.
Surrounding the village are fields that stretch into infinity.
Surveillance camera footage showed Tom lighting the fire.
Surveillance is liberty.
Survey the landscape below.
Surveying college students from around the world, the Welsh researchers found that their respondents picked kindness as the most important quality in someone they would like to spend their lives with.
Surveys consistently show that couples avoid starting families largely due to the cost of raising children.
Survival analysis showed a significant reduction.
Survival is a vital necessity.
Survive this and you can survive anything.
Survivorship bias is the logical error of concentrating on the people or things that "survived" some process and inadvertently overlooking those that did not because of their lack of visibility.
Surya is on fire!
Susan Greene... are you Dutch?
Susan Greene... are you a Dutch woman?
Susan Ramirez doesn't live here.
Susan Sontag's famous essay published in 1964 explores what it means to be camp.
Susan and Bob have flown from London to Sydney, Australia.
Susan broke the dish on purpose to show her anger.
Susan broke the plate to show her anger.
Susan burst into tears.
Susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate.
Susan enjoys listening to music.
Susan found out where the puppy had come from.
Susan greeted her guests at the door.
Susan has promised her mother that she will call her to let her know that they have arrived safely.
Susan hates doing housework, but this morning she's helping her mother in the kitchen.
Susan is a good cook.
Susan is actually your half sister.
Susan is an English name.
Susan is indifferent to politics.
Susan is intelligent, and I expect her to pass the exam easily.
Susan is majoring in American history.
Susan is older than me by 2 years.
Susan is two years my senior.
Susan is two years older than I am.
Susan is two years older than me.
Susan is working very hard these days.
Susan left an hour ago.
Susan likes cats.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
Susan manages to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
Susan may not come, but Betty certainly will.
Susan never smokes.
Susan polished her father's shoes.
Susan really takes after her mother.
Susan shined her father's shoes.
Susan shined her father’s shoes.
Susan shined your father's shoes.
Susan shined your father’s shoes.
Susan spent the summer vacation at her grandmother's.
Susan spent the summer vacation at her grandmother’s.
Susan thought the film was hilarious, but one time was enough.
Susan thought three forms of identification would be enough to prove his age.
Susan was not playing the piano then.
Susan was so complaisant that she rarely did anything she would have preferred to do.
Susan was terrified.
Susan will be ready to the party in one hour and will need someone to pick her up.
Susan, I'm sorry if I led you on but the truth is that I'm just not interested.
Susan, I’m sorry if I led you on but the truth is that I’m just not interested.
Susan, Juan's sister, is very intelligent.
Susan, Juan’s sister, is very intelligent.
Susan, she likes cats.
Susannah is an expert in American history.
Susanne didn't answer his question.
Susanne is a good cook.
Susan’s clothes are dirty.
Sushi is OK, but I'd prefer Thai food.
Sushi is a Japanese food.
Sushi is a healthy option for a fast meal.
Sushi is a repulsive food.
Sushi is delicious.
Sushi is good, but Thai dishes are better.
Sushi is often served with pickled ginger.
Sushi is often served with wasabi.
Sushi sounds good, but I'd rather eat Thai food.
Susie can type many times as fast as I can.
Susie could not settle her fears.
Susie doesn't speak Japanese, and Tom doesn't either.
Susie doesn’t speak Japanese, and Tom doesn’t either.
Susie fell down.
Susie has a nice smile.
Susie is so constituted that she cannot forgive and forget things.
Susie lent me two books that I haven't yet read.
Susie lent me two books that I've yet to read.
Susie lent me two books, neither of which I have read as yet.
Susie likes Japanese music.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Susie sat up until midnight, when she heard a strange noise.
Susie sometimes visits her father's office.
Susie sometimes visits her father’s office.
Susie was unable to take part in the game because she wasn't feeling well.
Susie was unable to take part in the game because she wasn’t feeling well.
Susie wasn't very feminine.
Susie wasn’t very feminine.
Susie's hair is very long.
Susie's mother is a most beautiful woman.
Susie's mother is a very beautiful woman.
Susie’s hair is very long.
Susie’s mother is a most beautiful woman.
Suspected cases of so-called Havana syndrome were reported in Russia, China, Poland and Austria, and the sickness affected some U.S. officials so badly their careers derailed.
Suspecting him of telling her secret to some of her friends, Mary was angry with Jim.
Suspend the game.
Suspend the game?
Suspenders are safest.
Suspenders make my personality.
Suspending the trial is out of the question.
Suspense is the very stuff of narrative.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
Suspicion is destructive of friendship.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship.
Suspicion surrounded Layla.
Suspicion that this amounts to insider trading has strengthened.
Suspicions are more unpleasant than certainties.
Sustainability is part of our responsibility as software engineers.
Sustainable agriculture aims to balance economic, environmental, and social factors for long-term food security.
Sustainable agriculture practices focus on preserving resources while producing enough food to meet global demand.
Sustainable development is the concept of the current generation utilizing the environment and meet human demands while not harming the ability of future generations to satisfy their own demands and interests.
Sustainable farming practices are essential for maintaining long-term agricultural production and environmental health.
Sustainable fishing methods may help save Gobies, one of the largest families of marine fish.
Sustainable world isn't an egoistic, profit-orientated consumer society.
Sutures are commonly called stitches.
Suva is the capital of Fiji.
Suzan is crazy.
Suzana needs an antidepressant.
Suzanne Lee is chief creative officer of Modern Meadow. She explained how her company creates leather-like material from yeast cells.
Suzanne greeted her visitors at the door.
Suzanne is the girl over there speaking with Jan.
Suzanne is two years older than me.
Suzanne likes cats.
Suzhou is very beautiful.
Suzy has a large walk-in wardrobe.
Suzy hopes that Tom will ask her out.
Svalbard can hold more than four million different seed samples. Each sample contains five hundred seeds. The seeds are backups, or copies, of the varieties stored by seed banks around the world.
Sven was so verbose that his friends resorted to calling him a chatterbox.
Svetlana was a little too merciful with the feeder mice down at the pet store. The snakes nearly starved!
Swab the deck.
Swadesh's glottochronology was based on the tenuous thesis that all languages have a core vocabulary that undergoes replacement at a constant rate.
Swahili Taarab music is full of history and complicated meanings.
Swahili is widely spoken in eastern Africa.
Swahili is written using the Roman writing system.
Swallow it!
Swallow it. Don't chew it.
Swallow the pill.
Swallow the pills.
Swallow this capsule. I promise it isn't poison.
Swallow your pride!
Swallow!
Swallowing and throat-clearing can be a sign that someone is lying.
Swallowing his fear, Dmitri went to the screen door and asked that man what he wanted.
Swallowing such a large pill was difficult.
Swallows are flying in the sky.
Swallows are migratory birds.
Swallows build their nests from clay.
Swallows build their nests out of clay.
Swallows fill the parchment of the sky with signatures in honor of the good weather.
Swallows fly away at the approach of winter.
Swallows fly swiftly.
Swallows fly very fast.
Swallows herald the summer.
Swallows migrate to a warm climate.
Swallows twitter.
Swamp coolers are not as effective as air conditioning.
Swamps are no fun to tread in, but they can be mystical.
Swamps, marshes, and bogs are types of wetlands.
Swampy land is no use for building purposes.
Swans are beautiful and elegant birds, quite the opposite from crows and vultures.
Swans fiercely guard their cygnets.
Swans understand signs.
Swap it out for a new one.
Swap.
Swazi women traditionally plait grass to make thatch roofs for their homes.
Swear it to me.
Swear it.
Swear not to be disloyal to me.
Swear on the Bible.
Swear therefore by God, that thou wilt not hurt me, nor my posterity, nor my stock: but according to the kindness that I have done to thee, thou shalt do to me, and to the land wherein thou hast lived a stranger.
Swear to God, it sloughs brain cells.
Swear to me that you'll come often.
Swear you won't do that again.
Swear you won't tell anyone.
Swear you'll never go back to that beach.
Swear you'll never go back to that house.
Swear!
Swearing has never been my thing, but I think it makes a difference in language. For instance, among friends, it shows the bonds they have with each other.
Swearing in front of youngsters isn't acceptable.
Swearing is like hitting.
Swearing makes you feel relieved.
Swearing relieves the pain.
Sweat bathed her brow.
Sweat bathed his forehead.
Sweat beaded on Tom's forehead.
Sweat beads on my forehead. It makes my eyes burn.
Sweat doesn't have a smell on its own; BO comes from the interaction of sweat with bacteria on the skin.
Sweat dripped from his body.
Sweat is beading down his forehead.
Sweat is dripping down his forehead.
Sweat is dripping from his face.
Sweat is running down his forehead.
Sweat leaks out.
Sweat ran down Tom's back.
Sweat runs down his chest.
Sweat was pouring down her back.
Sweat was pouring from his brow.
Sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature.
Sweating and gasping for breath, Anna tried to calm herself down, but the bumblebee's presence in the office made it nearly impossible.
Sweating, he dried his forehead with his tie.
Sweating, he mopped his brow with his tie.
Sweatshop labor, rainforest destruction, global warming, displacement of indigenous communities, air and water pollution, eradication of wildlife on farmland as “pests”, the violent overthrow of popularly elected governments to maintain puppet dictators compliant to big business interests, open-pit strip mining, oil drilling in environmentally sensitive areas, union busting, child slavery, and payoffs to repressive regimes are just some of the many impacts of the seemingly innocuous consumer products we consume every day.
Sweden adopted a controversial strategy to fight the coronavirus.
Sweden and Argentina got mixed up.
Sweden had a chance to win the World Ice Hockey Championships, but they failed in the final in Bratislava.
Sweden has a language of its own.
Sweden has generous parental leave and child care policies.
Sweden has hoisted the flag of NATO.
Sweden has its own language.
Sweden is a Nordic country.
Sweden is a country in Scandinavia.
Sweden is a northern European nation that borders Norway to the west and Finland and the Baltic Sea to the east.
Sweden is called "Suecia" in Spanish.
Sweden is called "Sverige" in Swedish.
Sweden is in Scandinavia.
Sweden is in northern Europe.
Sweden is pronounced "ˈsværjə" in Swedish.
Sweden is the largest country in Scandinavia.
Sweden legally permits the burning of the Quran.
Sweden still allows gatherings of up to 500 people.
Sweden was an ally of the US in Afghanistan.
Sweden's population is growing.
Sweden, a country that values peaceful coexistence and religious freedom, unequivocally rejects and stands against the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran committed by some far-right extremists.
Sweden, known for its promotion of inclusivity and understanding, rejects and does not endorse the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran perpetrated by a small faction of far-right extremists.
Swedes are cuckolds.
Swedes have their own language.
Swedes live in Sweden.
Swedish citizens, with their deep-rooted belief in religious freedom and peaceful coexistence, have no involvement in and firmly reject the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran orchestrated by a small faction of far-right individuals.
Swedish is co-official, learned in school, but the common national language is Finnish.
Swedish is easy.
Swedish nouns are generally divided into five declensions.
Swedish teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg has been named Time magazine's Person of the Year for 2019.
Swedish verbs are generally divided into four conjugations.
Swedish women are very pretty.
Swedish-speaking Finnish author Tove Jansson was the creator of the Moomins, troll creatures which resemble hippos. The first Moomin book appeared in 1945.
Sweep and mop the kitchen floor regularly.
Sweep my room.
Sweep or vacuum under the table and chairs after meals.
Sweep regularly to prevent dirt and grime from accumulating.
Sweep the floor.
Sweep the terrace.
Sweep up any dirt or spills on the floor immediately.
Sweeping is better than poorly-done weight training for strengthening your muscles.
Sweeping the floor is therapeutic for one's mind.
Sweeping the room is my daughter's job.
Sweeping the room is my daughter’s job.
Sweet God, she loved sex more than I loved God.
Sweet and fitting it is to die for your country.
Sweet and sour pork is my favorite Chinese food.
Sweet autumn air penetrates the bedroom.
Sweet dreams!
Sweet dreams, Dan.
Sweet dreams, Timmy.
Sweet dreams, Tom.
Sweet dreams, my princess.
Sweet dreams.
Sweet is the fruit whose owner isn't nearby.
Sweet kefir pacifies anger.
Sweet life from mortals fled; they drooped and died. / Fierce Sirius scorched the fields, and herbs and grain / were parched, and food the wasting crops denied.
Sweet mother of God.
Sweet night!
Sweet oranges are not very sour.
Sweet revenge.
Sweet ride! When did you get this new car?
Sweet sassy molassy!
Sweet scents are borne on soft breezes.
Sweet words bring the snake out of its hole.
Sweet!
Sweet! The cherry tree's already blooming.
Sweetheart, don't you recognize me?
Sweetheart, we need to go to the supermarket. We ran out of milk.
Sweetie is a pale blue pony who belongs to snow white.
Sweetie, it's time to take care of those pearly whites.
Sweets are bad for teeth.
Sweets are not good for your health.
Sweets are sweet.
Sweets are unhealthy.
Sweets give me headaches.
Swift and decisive action is needed to halt the genocidal war.
Swift horses pulled the chariots.
Swiftly, her lithe form darted through the forest paths until she reached the edge of the forest.
Swiftness is sublime, slowness superb.
Swifts are the most aerial of birds and some, like the Common Swift, even sleep and mate on the wing. No other bird spends as much of its life in flight.
Swift’s four albums have cumulatively spent 29 weeks at Number One.
Swill the teapot out with water.
Swim across the river.
Swim across the river? Are you crazy?
Swim across to the other side of the river.
Swim as fast as you can.
Swim as much as you like.
Swim as much as you want.
Swim for as long as you can.
Swim only in designated swimming areas.
Swim together.
Swim.
Swimmers are supposed to wear bathing caps in this pool.
Swimming across the lake almost finished me.
Swimming across the river is dangerous.
Swimming across this river will be challenging.
Swimming after dark isn't a good idea.
Swimming as fast as lightning, the fish passed close to my ears.
Swimming at night is dangerous.
Swimming builds lower body strength.
Swimming develops our muscles.
Swimming develops your muscles.
Swimming for a bit has done me a world of difference and was good for my soul.
Swimming gold medalist Carrie Bates recalls the sensation of adrenaline and excitement, shot through with fear, that swamped her body when she first stepped onto the Olympic stage at the age of 16.
Swimming helped Daniel to relax.
Swimming here is very dangerous.
Swimming in the ocean is fun.
Swimming in the ocean is my greatest pleasure.
Swimming in the pond is dangerous.
Swimming in the pond is forbidden.
Swimming in the pond is prohibited.
Swimming in the sea doesn't mean owning the sea.
Swimming in the sea doesn’t mean owning the sea.
Swimming in the sea is fun.
Swimming in the sea is great fun.
Swimming in this area is prohibited.
Swimming in this lake is not permitted.
Swimming in this lake isn't permitted.
Swimming in this reservoir is prohibited.
Swimming in this river is dangerous.
Swimming is a form of exercise.
Swimming is a good sport.
Swimming is a lot more fun than rowing.
Swimming is a lot of fun.
Swimming is a pastime for me.
Swimming is a sport that is practised in water.
Swimming is a very popular sport.
Swimming is a very useful skill.
Swimming is a wonderful pastime!
Swimming is easy for me.
Swimming is easy.
Swimming is fun for me.
Swimming is fun.
Swimming is good exercise for the whole body.
Swimming is good exercise.
Swimming is good for one's health.
Swimming is good for your health.
Swimming is hard for me.
Swimming is healthy.
Swimming is my favorite sport.
Swimming is my hobby.
Swimming is not allowed in this river.
Swimming is not permitted in this river.
Swimming is one thing I can do fairly well.
Swimming is one thing I enjoy.
Swimming is one thing I'm good at.
Swimming is one thing Tom and I are good at.
Swimming is one thing both Tom and I are good at.
Swimming is one thing that Tom and I are good at.
Swimming is one thing that both Tom and I are good at.
Swimming is prohibited here.
Swimming is refreshing.
Swimming is something I can do very well.
Swimming is something that I never learned how to do.
Swimming is something that I never learned to do.
Swimming isn't allowed here.
Swimming isn't allowed in this lake.
Swimming isn't allowed in this river.
Swimming isn't permitted in this river.
Swimming isn't really Tom's thing.
Swimming makes the legs stronger.
Swimming makes your legs strong.
Swimming makes your legs stronger.
Swimming regularly is good for your health.
Swimming regularly is refreshing.
Swimming should help you lose weight.
Swimming strengthens the legs.
Swimming strengthens your legs.
Swimming will be the main event of the next Olympics.
Swimming will develop many different muscles.
Swimply is an app that allows people to rent out their private pools for a few hours.
Swing by my place on the way back.
Swing dance with me!
Swing music was a new form of jazz.
Swing music was a type of jazz.
Swing your arm back and forth.
Swingers and swing dancers are different.
Swingers are people who like to exchange sex partners.
Swinging their swords with two hands, the warriors bravely battled their enemies to the end.
Swipe either left or right to see another animal.
Swipe your card, and then enter your code.
Swiper, no swiping!
Swiss Army knives are versatile tools.
Swiss adventurer Raphael Domjan completed the world's first jump from a solar-powered aircraft Tuesday, leaping from a height of 1,520 meters over western Switzerland.
Swiss and German people don't speak the same German.
Swiss authorities have cancelled traditional fireworks displays in some areas during Wednesday's national holiday celebrations, citing the high risk of forest fires.
Swiss banks are very secretive.
Swiss chard is rich in vitamins, minerals, protein, and dietary fibre.
Swiss cheese has holes.
Swiss cheese! My favorite!
Swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth.
Swiss researchers have developed a machine that, they say, can keep human livers alive outside of the body for one week.
Switch it off.
Switch it on.
Switch it over. This rubbish is unbearable.
Switch off the TV when you're not using it, my little champ.
Switch off the TV when you're not using it, my little one.
Switch off the light.
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
Switch off the light. I can’t get to sleep.
Switch off the lights to help make a difference.
Switch off the lights to help the environment, sweetie.
Switch off the lights to reduce our carbon footprint.
Switch off the lights when you're done.
Switch off the mic.
Switch off the microphone.
Switch off the mike.
Switch off the phone, Sasha!
Switch off the telephone, Sasha!
Switch off the timer.
Switch off the vacuum cleaner now! The noise is getting on my nerves.
Switch on my mike.
Switch on the headlights.
Switch on the light.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
Switch on the light. I can’t see anything.
Switch on the timer.
Switch on your headlights.
Switch places with me.
Switch the bedside light off.
Switch the headlights on.
Switch the light off.
Switch the light on.
Switch the light on. I can't see a thing.
Switch the light on. I can't see anything.
Switch your headlights on.
Switching from the Arabic to the Latin alphabet was the best thing the Turks ever did. It's a shame every other nation in the world didn't do the same, since it's quite obvious that the Latin alphabet is superior to any other script there is.
Switching on a fleshlight won't help you see in the dark.
Switching on a fleshlight won’t help you see in the dark.
Switching to Linux is a perfectly cromulent suggestion.
Switzerland boasts many sights.
Switzerland collaborated.
Switzerland hardened its immigration policy.
Switzerland has alpine regions loftier and more imposing, Russia vaster steppes, and Norway more arctic scenery: but nowhere else in Europe do arctic and tropic so nearly meet as in Spain.
Switzerland has four co-official languages.
Switzerland has several official languages.
Switzerland is a German speaking country.
Switzerland is a beautiful country worth visiting.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
Switzerland is a gorgeous country and is worth seeing.
Switzerland is a gorgeous country and is worth visiting.
Switzerland is a neutral country.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country and well worth visiting.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit.
Switzerland is called "Schweiz" in German.
Switzerland is called "Suisse" in French.
Switzerland is called "Svizra" in Romansh.
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.
Switzerland is great!
Switzerland is in Central Europe.
Switzerland is located between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
Switzerland is not Sweden.
Switzerland is not part of the European Union.
Switzerland is one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
Switzerland is still a firmly neutral country.
Switzerland is the country of the railways.
Switzerland is the country to the east of France.
Switzerland is the land of railways.
Switzerland is the land of the railway.
Switzerland isn't Sweden.
Switzerland maintained its neutrality.
Switzerland maintained its traditional neutrality.
Switzerland makes its conquest even easier for us, thanks to the best conditions for electric bicycles.
Switzerland needs better apples.
Switzerland was neutral in the war.
Swollen lymph nodes are usually found near the site of an infection, tumour, or inflammation.
Sword Art Online is a popular Anime series.
Sword Art Online is a popular Anime.
Swords and clubs are melee weapons.
Swâmiji knows only that much : To be one with.
Swâmiji tears off the masks.
Sycamore is a common tree and one of the largest in the eastern deciduous forests.
Sydney has a beautiful natural harbor.
Sydney is Australia's largest city.
Sydney is a town in Australia.
Sydney is better than Melbourne.
Sydney is far from here.
Sydney is miles away from here.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
Syllogism is a logical argument in which two propositions determine one conclusion.
Sylva said a committee set up by the countries was already conducting a feasibility study to build a 4,128-kilometer-long gas pipeline from southern Nigeria to Algeria via Niger.
Sylvester Stallone uses TikTok.
Sylvia lives in Alsace.
Sylvia loved concerts.
Sylvia loved the concerts.
Sylvia often gives answers which bear no relation to the question.
Sylvia wants children and has harboured the thought of getting married.
Symbiosis and commensalism must be distinguished from parasitism, which indicates that all the advantage is on the side of the parasite, and nothing but loss on the side of the host.
Symmetry is a virtue.
Symmetry is boring.
Sympathy is a feeling characteristic of mankind.
Sympathy is a human emotion.
Sympathy is for chumps.
Sympathy, for me, is the only form of bribery.
Symptoms also included inflammation of the vagina.
Symptoms may include: “pinpoint” pupils and blurred vision, difficulty breathing, muscle twitching, excess saliva and other secretions, impaired judgment, seizures and unconsciousness.
Symptoms of Lassa fever in the early stage include headache and fever, while in later stages people can bleed from their mouth and other orifices.
Symptoms vary.
Synchronised swimming is a beautiful sport for girls and women.
Syncopation is the union, or the perception of the union, of two or more rhythmic patterns.
Syncretism is my religious inclination.
Syndi and her husband, a tattoo artist whose business is also suffering, are living off money they’ve saved.
Syndromes are often named after the physician or group of physicians who discovered them or initially described the full clinical picture. Such eponymous syndrome names are examples of medical eponyms. Recently, there has been a shift towards naming conditions descriptively (by symptoms or underlying cause) rather than eponymously, but the eponymous syndrome names often persist in common usage.
Synology is honored to invite you to its conference event.
Synovial fluid helps your knees move correctly.
Syntax are the rules for sentence structure and word order.
Syntax error.
Synthetic materials usually burn well.
Syphilis causes brain damage.
Syphilis is an infection that can be transmitted through sexual intercourse.
Syra and Delia trail behind her out.
Syracuse is one of the biggest and most beautiful cities of Sicily.
Syria belongs to the Syrians.
Syria is Iran's closest ally.
Syria is a country in ruins.
Syria is called "Suriyah" in Arabic.
Syria is completely destroyed.
Syria is free now.
Syria is in a real mess.
Syria is not in Europe, but Asia.
Syria secured military help from Iran.
Syria united with Egypt in February 1958 to form the United Arab Republic.
Syria was reintegrated into the Arab League.
Syria will not return to what it was.
Syrian refugees are bonding with their Arizona neighbors through food — specifically dessert. Volunteers are helping the Syrian bakers sell their homemade pastries at farmers markets, special events and bookstores. The names of the sweets — namoura, ma’amoul, barazek — are unfamiliar to American consumers, but the tastes of honey, cinnamon and nuts are not.
Sysko hangs around in secret pubs at night.
Sysko has plans to buy Microsoft.
Sysko works like an ant.
Sysko, will you fix the Uzbek transliteration tomorrow?
Systematically criminalizing opinions is incompatible with democracy.
Systemic and local hygiene has supplanted drugs and surgery in the treatment of diseases of the anus, rectum, sigmoid flexure, and vermiform appendix.
Systemic diseases are those that affect the entire organism.
Systems in which the rules are based on usage, such as languages or customary law, are condemned to become absurd, cumbersome and contradictory, since every time a small error slips into one of their usages, it is integrated into the rules, by definition, for eternity. The more users are ignorant, the more systems degrade rapidly. English, poorly used by millions of people, natives or not, for centuries, is an example of the degradation of a system at terminal stage, no longer presenting any logic, neither in its syntax, nor its grammar, nor its vocabulary or its pronunciation. Similarly, with customary rights becoming too cumbersome and incomprehensible, the states which rely on them tend to switch to prescriptive law.
Syzygy is the alignment of three celestial bodies, in this case the Sun, Moon and Earth.
SÃ£o Paulo is Brazil’s most modern city.
SÃ£o Paulo is the richest state in South America.
SÃ©amas MhicÃ­ SheÃ¡in died last year.
São Luís is known as the capital of Equinoctial France.
São Paulo has a lot of museums.
São Paulo has the second largest fleet of helicopters in the world, behind New York, which has 420 helicopters in the whole of the city.
São Paulo is Brazil's most modern city.
São Paulo is a big city in Brazil.
São Paulo is the biggest producer of eggs in the country.
São Paulo is the richest state in South America.
São Tomé is the capital of São Tomé and Príncipe.
São Vicente was the first city in Brazil.
Sæmundur walks too slowly.
Séamas Mhicí Sheáin died last year.
Séamus will become an interpreter.
Sébastien got married three days ago.
T'was a shame.
T-shirts and jeans are not suitable for this occasion.
T.V. isn't a Bible.
TATOEBA could be an acronym in various languages: The All-inclusive Treasury Of Examples Beautifully Arranged.
TATOEBA: The All-inclusive Treasury Of Examples Beautifully Arranged.
TB remains the leading cause of death worldwide from a single infectious disease.
TDK has decided to abolish the use of apostrophe in names of institutions.
TEJO is looking for English speakers for a project that is not about Esperanto.
TEPCO is looking for "jumpers", workers who will jump into highly radioactive sections of the plant to quickly perform tasks before running out as fast as possible.
TEPCO is unable to stop the flow of dirty water contaminated with highly radioactive material.
TEPCO said it hopes to use a turbine condenser to remove some of the water at the number three reactor and more water may be transferred to other buildings at the Fukushima complex.
TESS monitors large swaths of the sky for about a month at a time using its four cameras.
TESS will find planets in the same manner as Kepler, but search stars that are closer to our sun.
TIP: We encourage you to indicate the languages you know.
TRAPPIST-1 is an ultra-cool dwarf star.
TV has robbed us of our enjoyment of conversation at dinner at home.
TV has taken the place of radio.
TV in Algeria is accessible to everybody.
TV is also not what it used to be.
TV is harmful in that it keeps your mind in a passive state.
TV is not watched here.
TV may be seen on six channels in that city.
TV on the Radio makes music filled with energetic beats and dissident sounds. This art-rock band of five men is based in Brooklyn, New York. Their new album, "Return to Cookie Mountain," is full of experimental energy. Critics say it might be one of the most strangely beautiful records of the year.
TV plays an important part in everyday life.
TV programs have a bad influence on children.
TV quality has evolved over time.
TV remote controllers are always almost impossible to find.
TV remotes are always near impossible to find.
TV stations broadcast the event.
TV will hinder Leon's sleep.
TV's boring today.
TVs used to be so much more expensive.
TV’s boring today.
TWiiNS celebrated my birthday via Twitter on June 12th.
Ta!
Ta-dah! Well then, Haruta, it's OK to look now! It's everybody's yukata debut.
Ta-dah! Well then, Haruta, it’s OK to look now! It’s everybody’s yukata debut.
Tabbed browsing is very useful.
Tabby cats exhibit the typical fur pattern of their wild ancestor.
Tabi are indispensable in a kimono.
Table manners differ from country to country.
Table manners vary from one country to another.
Table salt is composed of sodium and chlorine atoms.
Table salt, primarily composed of sodium chloride, can be used both to season and to preserve food.
Tableland vegetables are grown here, such as lettuce, cabbage, and celery.
Tabloids assert that the killer cucumber would have sodomised the mad cow.
Tabriz is a city.
Tackling the illegal trade in endangered wild fauna and flora and strengthening trade rules for fisheries, timber, and exotic pets are just a few of the many controversial and emotional issues to be discussed over the next two weeks at a World Wildlife Conference opening in Geneva Saturday.
Tacos with seasoned beef are delicious.
Tacos, burritos, taquitos, Yanni likes them all.
Tact is good taste applied to conduct.
Tact is the ability to think with another person's brain.
Tactical combinations often involve the use of sacrifices and devices such as pins, forks, skewers, and discovered attacks.
Tactical nuclear weapons can be fired from artillery.
Tadami is in Minamiaizu in Fukushima; cut off by steep mountains and located on the prefecture border with Niigata.
Tadashi has a soft voice.
Tadasu Masuda lives in Kobe, Japan. He is trying low-alcohol beers as a way to give his liver a day off.
Tadmait is a commune in Tizi Ouzou.
Tadpoles are fun to watch.
Tadpoles become frogs.
Taeko, come on from stage left.
Taekwondo and judo are the only two Asian martial arts included in the Olympic Games.
Taekwondo is a Korean martial arts.
Taekwondo is one of the sports at the Olympic Games.
Taekwondo's place of origin is Korea, where it is established as a national sport.
Tafourah is the last stop.
Taft did not like it at all.
Taft did not want to be president.
Taft had become very conservative.
Tagalog has artistic value, like a carved Pacific Islander statue, Mr. and Mrs. Matsuo opine.
Tagalog has many Spanish borrowings, which make the language bright and cheerful.
Tagalog has no verbal tenses, but Spanish does. Tagalog, though, has verbal aspects.
Tagalog is a Trojan Horse full of Spanish words.
Tagalog is a more sensual language than English.
Tagalog is competing with English.
Tagalog is like Russian because the accent is not usually written with marks.
Tagalog is the most widely spoken language in this world.
Tagalog sentences have a topic-comment structure.
Tagalog, Japanese, and Chinese have no grammatical verbal tenses, but rely on grammatical aspects. Western languages have obligatory grammatical verbal tenses. In many textbooks on Japanese, writers describe verbal tenses, but academics deny such. Maybe, writers think that distinguishing aspect from tense is higher-level linguistics.
Tah dah !
Tahar Djaout was an Algerian poet.
Tahar Djaout was one of Algeria's leading authors.
Tahiti is an island paradise.
Tahmid didn’t say anything.
Tahmid prefers literature to science.
Tahmid told me to go.
Tailing him is the veteran politician and World Bank official Ellen Johnson Sirleaf with 20 percent.
Tailings from the gold mine poisoned the land for kilometres around.
Tails are absent in some cats.
Tails are absent in this type of cat.
Tainan is a famous region with a lot of temples.
Taipei is Taiwan's capital.
Taipei is the capital of Taiwan.
Taipei is the capital of the Republic of China.
Taishukan advertised it would publish a new dictionary.
Taiwan asks deplaning passengers to report travel histories and any obvious symptoms.
Taiwan can help.
Taiwan can't assert its independence from China.
Taiwan can't become a fully independent state.
Taiwan can't declare its independence. If it does, China will invade it immediately.
Taiwan can't possibly proclaim official independence.
Taiwan consists of a total of 168 islands.
Taiwan could soon cease to exist as a de facto independent state.
Taiwan has accused China of stepping up military drills, trade sanctions and influence campaigns against the island in recent years to force the island to accept Chinese sovereignty claims.
Taiwan has always been part of China.
Taiwan has freedom of speech and freedom of religion.
Taiwan has never been governed by the PRC, and it remains an independent country today.
Taiwan has nine national parks.
Taiwan is a Chinese province.
Taiwan is a country covered in mountains.
Taiwan is a country.
Taiwan is a democratic country.
Taiwan is a global leader in the bicycle industry.
Taiwan is a nation known for its diversity and complex history.
Taiwan is a part of China. There is one China.
Taiwan is a renegade province of China.
Taiwan is a rightful part of China.
Taiwan is a thriving democracy.
Taiwan is a tropical paradise.
Taiwan is an export-oriented economy.
Taiwan is an integral part of China.
Taiwan is an island country.
Taiwan is an island nation in the western Pacific Ocean with a population of roughly 23 million people.
Taiwan is an island nation.
Taiwan is home to Indigenous peoples who have no say in the dispute between two factions of their colonizers.
Taiwan is increasingly becoming isolated on the international stage.
Taiwan is incredibly beautiful.
Taiwan is known for its cleanliness.
Taiwan is my favorite country.
Taiwan is my home.
Taiwan is not Thailand.
Taiwan is not a member of the United Nations.
Taiwan is not part of China.
Taiwan is one of China's provinces.
Taiwan is part of China.
Taiwan is part of China. Period.
Taiwan is part of China. Period. End of the story.
Taiwan is preparing itself for a Chinese invasion.
Taiwan is prone to earthquakes.
Taiwan is renowned for its natural hot springs and serene mountain retreats.
Taiwan is resilient.
Taiwan is sometimes called "Insular China".
Taiwan is the center of diversity for the Austronesian languages.
Taiwan is the democratic China.
Taiwan is welcoming.
Taiwan is wonderful.
Taiwan isn't part of China.
Taiwan knows very well that it can't formalize its independence.
Taiwan leads in tech.
Taiwan legalized same-sex marriage today.
Taiwan manufactures advanced chips.
Taiwan produces half of the world's semiconductors.
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the 1950s.
Taiwan was hit by a powerful earthquake.
Taiwan was liberated from Japanese rule in 1945.
Taiwan was once a colony of Japan.
Taiwan will be China's.
Taiwan will be Chinese.
Taiwan will cease to exist.
Taiwan will inevitably come back to China.
Taiwan will never be able to formalize its independence.
Taiwan will remain free!
Taiwan's Shinkansen is fast, and really convenient.
Taiwan's absence from the WHA in recent years is something that we have sought to rectify.
Taiwan's entire economy is dependent on China.
Taiwan's main island was historically known as Formosa.
Taiwan's night market is bustling.
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.
Taiwanese food isn't as hot as Indian food.
Taiwanese food isn't as spicy as Indian food.
Taiwanese people don't want to be ruled by Beijing.
Taiwan’s coastline is full of rocky cliffs and hidden beaches.
Taj is a lavender elephant with brown eyes.
Taj, my East Indian classmate in Grade 7, was better than me in which words were supposed to be capitalized in English.
Taj, my East Indian classmate in high school Chemistry was happy that he was also taking Spanish.
Tajikistan became a member of the WTO in March 2013.
Tajikistan is a Central Asian country.
Tajima ... can't you talk a little bit more genteelly?
Tajima ... can’t you talk a little bit more genteelly?
Tajima went to London by way of Paris.
Tajine is made of mud.
Takada is the richest out of all of us.
Takashi said he wasn't afraid of ghosts, but when he heard some sounds from the supposedly empty second floor, he quickly scrambled away.
Takayama is very beautiful.
Take "good", for instance. If you have a word like "good", what need is there for a word like "bad"? "Ungood" will do just as well — better, because it's an exact opposite, which the other is not.
Take England for example.
Take Jennifer for example.
Take Rima to a Christmas event.
Take Tom and Mary with you.
Take Tom and me there.
Take Tom away from here.
Take Tom back home.
Take Tom downtown.
Take Tom for a swim.
Take Tom for example!
Take Tom home.
Take Tom inside.
Take Tom out immediately.
Take Tom out of here.
Take Tom outside.
Take Tom somewhere else.
Take Tom somewhere.
Take Tom there.
Take Tom to hospital.
Take Tom to the hospital.
Take Tom to the station.
Take Tom upstairs.
Take Tom with you in case you need help.
Take Tom with you, please.
Take Tom with you.
Take Tom with you. We don't want him here.
Take Tom's advice.
Take Tom's car.
Take Tom's place.
Take Tom's weapon.
Take Tom.
Take a bath and go to bed.
Take a bath and then go to bed.
Take a bath immediately.
Take a bath.
Take a belt and discipline your son right now.
Take a better look at yourself.
Take a better look.
Take a bicycle with you on the bus - can you do that in this country?
Take a bite at this doughnut.
Take a bite.
Take a book and read it!
Take a book and read it.
Take a book and read!
Take a book from the shelf.
Take a book or leave a book.
Take a book with you.
Take a break and rest for a while.
Take a break if you need to, but make sure you come back to finish your homework.
Take a break if you're weary.
Take a break, Tom.
Take a break, guys.
Take a break, or you'll fall apart.
Take a break, or you'll wear yourself out.
Take a break.
Take a break. It's fine.
Take a break. You could use one.
Take a breath and hold it.
Take a breath now.
Take a breath.
Take a breather!
Take a breather.
Take a brick and place it before you.
Take a brolly.
Take a bubble bath.
Take a bus number 7 as far as Seventh Street.
Take a bus.
Take a card.
Take a chance on me!
Take a chance on yourself.
Take a chance!
Take a chance! All life is a chance.
Take a chance.
Take a chill pill.
Take a clean glass from the cupboard.
Take a close look at this picture.
Take a closer look at that snout.
Take a closer look.
Take a cookie.
Take a crack at it.
Take a croissant.
Take a deep breath and calm down.
Take a deep breath and don't freak out.
Take a deep breath and hold it for as long as you can.
Take a deep breath and relax.
Take a deep breath and smile.
Take a deep breath and then relax.
Take a deep breath and think of the best way to handle this.
Take a deep breath in and out, please.
Take a deep breath in.
Take a deep breath to reduce stress.
Take a deep breath, and then let it out slowly.
Take a deep breath, please.
Take a deep breath.
Take a detour to reach the goal!
Take a doughnut from the shelf!
Take a drink.
Take a drive.
Take a few days off.
Take a few minutes each day to tidy up your room, and it won't become overwhelming.
Take a few minutes every day to pick up any clutter in your room.
Take a few more blankets, because it's very cold.
Take a few more blankets. It's very cold.
Take a few steps and tell me if it hurts when you walk.
Take a five minute break.
Take a freebie.
Take a fresh look at your lifestyle.
Take a gander.
Take a glance at the mirror.
Take a good look around and tell me what you see.
Take a good look at how Tom reacts.
Take a good look at this picture.
Take a good look at this.
Take a good look at yourself.
Take a good look, I'll show you how it's done.
Take a good look, I’ll show you how it’s done.
Take a good look, it's really fresh!
Take a good look, it’s really fresh!
Take a good look.
Take a good rest, and you will soon get well.
Take a grenade.
Take a guess.
Take a hard look around you.
Take a hard look at yourself and decide accordingly.
Take a helicopter.
Take a high-speed train for a long trip.
Take a hike!
Take a hike, Tom.
Take a hike.
Take a hint.
Take a jacket.
Take a jaunt through the Lower East Side.
Take a jump shot.
Take a knife from the kitchen.
Take a knife.
Take a leaf out of his book.
Take a leap of faith.
Take a left and follow the signs.
Take a left at the bank.
Take a left at the first corner.
Take a left, and it's the first building on your left.
Take a left, and it's the first building on your right.
Take a left, and it's the first door on your left.
Take a left, and it's the first door on your right.
Take a left, and it's the first house on your left.
Take a left, and it's the first house on your right.
Take a left, and it's the last building on your left.
Take a left, and it's the last building on your right.
Take a left, and it's the last door on your left.
Take a left, and it's the last door on your right.
Take a left, and it's the last house on your left.
Take a left, and it's the last house on your right.
Take a lemon.
Take a liberal view of young people.
Take a little more time.
Take a little nap on the couch.
Take a little nap on the sofa.
Take a load off.
Take a long walk off of a short pier!
Take a look around you!
Take a look around you.
Take a look around.
Take a look at all the photographs!
Take a look at how beautiful she is.
Take a look at it if you don't believe me!
Take a look at my photos!
Take a look at that woman!
Take a look at that.
Take a look at the FAQ before you call tech support.
Take a look at the attached page.
Take a look at the books I bought.
Take a look at the books that I bought.
Take a look at the man next to me.
Take a look at the manual again.
Take a look at the photos and comment!
Take a look at them.
Take a look at these beauties.
Take a look at these feathers.
Take a look at these figures.
Take a look at these pictures.
Take a look at these statistics.
Take a look at these tires.
Take a look at these tyres.
Take a look at these.
Take a look at this Kabyle dress.
Take a look at this beautiful embroidery made with great effort.
Take a look at this journal.
Take a look at this laboratory.
Take a look at this map.
Take a look at this picture.
Take a look at this report.
Take a look at this statistical data.
Take a look at this, Tom.
Take a look at this.
Take a look at yourself in the mirror!
Take a look at yourself.
Take a look here.
Take a look in there.
Take a look inside.
Take a look there.
Take a look to see if they are there!
Take a look!
Take a look, Tom.
Take a look.
Take a map with you in case you get lost.
Take a mean position in everything.
Take a minute to think about it.
Take a moment and think about it.
Take a moment each day to pause, breathe, and appreciate the simple joys that surround you.
Take a moment to appreciate nature's beauty.
Take a moment to catch your breath.
Take a moment to imagine what the polar bear's environment is like.
Take a moment to imagine what the polar bear’s environment is like.
Take a moment to reflect on your actions.
Take a nap if you're tired.
Take a nap.
Take a no. 5 bus at this bus stop.
Take a number.
Take a paper and write!
Take a pause before replying, allowing yourself time to process information and choose your words wisely.
Take a peach.
Take a peek!
Take a pen with you.
Take a photo of me as a keepsake.
Take a photo of me for memory.
Take a picture of me.
Take a picture of the kids with Santa Claus.
Take a picture with your mobile.
Take a picture with your phone.
Take a picture.
Take a picture. It lasts longer.
Take a picture; it'll last longer.
Take a plane.
Take a plum later.
Take a real break!
Take a rest!
Take a rest, or you will be worn out.
Take a rest.
Take a right and follow the signs.
Take a right at the next light.
Take a right at the next traffic light.
Take a right, and it's the first building on your left.
Take a right, and it's the first building on your right.
Take a right, and it's the first door on your left.
Take a right, and it's the first door on your right.
Take a right, and it's the first house on your left.
Take a right, and it's the first house on your right.
Take a right, and it's the last building on your left.
Take a right, and it's the last building on your right.
Take a right, and it's the last door on your left.
Take a right, and it's the last door on your right.
Take a right, and it's the last house on your left.
Take a right, and it's the last house on your right.
Take a run-up and jump over the fence.
Take a saber and a dagger with you, since the tropical jungle is very dangerous.
Take a screenshot of just the highlighted text.
Take a seat and I will tell you about Tom.
Take a seat anywhere.
Take a seat in the armchair and calm down a while.
Take a seat next to me, please.
Take a seat over against her.
Take a seat over there.
Take a seat!
Take a seat, Tom.
Take a seat, please.
Take a seat.
Take a seat. I'm coming right away.
Take a seat. You look tired.
Take a sheet of paper and write!
Take a sheet of paper.
Take a short break when you get angry.
Take a short break when you're angry.
Take a short break.
Take a short cut.
Take a short rest when you're angry.
Take a short walk every day.
Take a shortcut!
Take a shovel to it.
Take a shower before getting into bed with me.
Take a shower!
Take a shower, now!
Take a shower.
Take a sick day.
Take a sip of brandy.
Take a sip of this.
Take a sip.
Take a sit.
Take a small bite.
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work.
Take a stab at it.
Take a step back and decide whether that's really what you want to do.
Take a step back and look at the big picture.
Take a step back and look at the bigger picture.
Take a step back from the situation and try to figure out what is going on.
Take a step back from the situation and try to figure out what's going on.
Take a step back from the tracks so the train won't hit you.
Take a step back, evaluate what is important, and enjoy life.
Take a step back.
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.
Take a sweater with you so you don’t catch a cold.
Take a sweater.
Take a taxi to the hotel.
Take a taxi. It will arrive in five minutes.
Take a ticket.
Take a tissue, your nose is running.
Take a vacation to Kabylie.
Take a vacation...in Esperantoland!
Take a walk every day.
Take a walk to clear your mind.
Take a walk with me.
Take a walk.
Take a watermelon.
Take a whiff.
Take a wild guess.
Take action.
Take action. Take control. Quit school.
Take advantage of every opportunity.
Take advantage of her weakness.
Take advantage of it, it's free!
Take advantage of the fact that you don't have to write a dissertation.
Take advantage of the moment!
Take advantage of these days to think about the subject.
Take advantage of this opportunity to see Versailles.
Take aim at the target.
Take all of these boxes outside.
Take all possible measures.
Take all the time that you need.
Take all the time you need, Ziri.
Take all the time you need.
Take all the time you want.
Take all this stuff away.
Take all this stuff out to the garage.
Take all this to Sami's bedroom.
Take all this to the kitchen.
Take an amulet for safety's sake.
Take an amulet for safety’s sake.
Take an aspirin.
Take an axe, and cut off the head of the calf with one blow. With a second, split its head in two, and in its brain you will see a bright red ball. Bring that to me.
Take an egg from the fridge.
Take an egg.
Take an extra moment to breathe.
Take an umbrella in case it rains.
Take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
Take an umbrella with you in case it should rain.
Take an umbrella with you.
Take an umbrella with you. It's supposed to rain later.
Take an umbrella with you. The forecast says rain.
Take an umbrella.
Take an umbrella. It's likely to rain.
Take another drink.
Take another good look at the city map.
Take another look at that sentence.
Take another look at the book.
Take another look.
Take another one if you want.
Take another picture of me.
Take another picture.
Take another sip.
Take another step forward.
Take any book that you want to read.
Take any book you want to read.
Take any books that you want to read.
Take any flower you like.
Take any one of these you like.
Take any train from platform 5.
Take any train on track 5.
Take any two cards you like.
Take anything you like.
Take anything you want.
Take as long as you need.
Take as many apples as desired, pare, core and steam until tender. Pour one teaspoonful lemon juice over each apple, powder thickly with sugar and set away to chill.
Take as many as you want.
Take as many biscuits as you like.
Take as many biscuits as you want.
Take as many cookies as you want.
Take as many peaches as you like.
Take as many peaches as you want.
Take as much as you like.
Take as much as you need.
Take as much as you want to.
Take as much as you want.
Take as much as your heart desires.
Take as much or as little as you'd like.
Take as much time as you need.
Take as much time as you want.
Take at least two bags of potatoes.
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb!
Take away their arrogance, and all people are nothing but people.
Take away these dishes, please.
Take away this box.
Take back those words!
Take back what you said about me being a tightwad.
Take back what you said about me being stingy.
Take back what you said.
Take better care of yourself.
Take blood from the donor.
Take both of them.
Take both the saber and the dagger with you, the tropical jungle is really dangerous.
Take both.
Take breaks and rest when you feel tired or exhausted.
Take breaks during long study sessions.
Take breaks from your phone to protect your eyes.
Take breaks if you feel any pain or discomfort.
Take breaks if you feel dizzy or lightheaded.
Take breaks if you feel tired, but always push yourself a little further each time.
Take breaks to recharge your energy.
Take care against dangerous ailments.
Take care and have a nice day.
Take care and try not to speak on speculative things.
Take care in whatever you do.
Take care lest you should fall asleep.
Take care lest you should fall.
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby.
Take care not to be impolite to our visitors.
Take care not to break the eggs.
Take care not to break the glasses.
Take care not to catch a cold.
Take care not to drop that glass.
Take care not to drop the bottle.
Take care not to drop the console, it's fragile.
Take care not to drop the tray.
Take care not to eat too much candy.
Take care not to fail.
Take care not to fall down and skin your knee.
Take care not to fall.
Take care not to get into trouble!
Take care not to intrude upon her privacy.
Take care not to make a foolish move.
Take care not to miss the train.
Take care not to overcook the meat.
Take care not to oversleep.
Take care not to scratch the DVD player's surface.
Take care not to spill any food or drinks near the stereo.
Take care not to spill drinks in the car.
Take care not to step on or drop the DVDs, they're sensitive.
Take care not to strain your eyes.
Take care not to throw away this chance.
Take care not to turn the box upside down.
Take care not to wake the sleeping baby up.
Take care not to wake up the sleeping baby.
Take care of Miss Tanaka for me, please.
Take care of Mr. Tanaka for me!
Take care of Mrs. Tanaka for me, please.
Take care of Ms. Tanaka for me, please.
Take care of Mx. Tanaka for me, please.
Take care of Tanaka for me, please.
Take care of Tom first.
Take care of Tom for me.
Take care of Tom while I'm away.
Take care of Tom while I'm gone.
Take care of Tom.
Take care of each other.
Take care of everyone else.
Take care of everyone for me.
Take care of everything else.
Take care of grandma.
Take care of her.
Take care of him during my absence.
Take care of him while I'm gone.
Take care of him.
Take care of it as soon as possible.
Take care of it quickly.
Take care of it yourself!
Take care of it.
Take care of me.
Take care of mom.
Take care of my boys, Tom.
Take care of my boys.
Take care of my camera.
Take care of my children.
Take care of my daughter. She's all I have in the world.
Take care of my dog for me.
Take care of my dog while I'm away.
Take care of my flowers while I'm away.
Take care of my horse.
Take care of my house.
Take care of my plants.
Take care of old people.
Take care of our kids.
Take care of our planet.
Take care of our planet. Capitalists won't do it.
Take care of that for me, will you?
Take care of that with Tom.
Take care of the books.
Take care of the fish like they're part of our family.
Take care of the forests for your grandchildren.
Take care of the kids for me.
Take care of the kids.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
Take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves.
Take care of the pence, for the pounds will take care of themselves.
Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves.
Take care of the rest.
Take care of the sick people.
Take care of the stereo, it's an expensive and valuable device.
Take care of them.
Take care of these gentlemen.
Take care of this here.
Take care of this immediately.
Take care of this.
Take care of us.
Take care of what is important.
Take care of what makes you happy.
Take care of what's most important first.
Take care of your appearance.
Take care of your back.
Take care of your belongings and avoid losing them.
Take care of your brother and have fun together.
Take care of your brother as if he were your own child.
Take care of your children.
Take care of your clothes.
Take care of your customers.
Take care of your dirty aprons or dish towels and hang them up.
Take care of your family first.
Take care of your family.
Take care of your grandfather.
Take care of your grandmother.
Take care of your health first.
Take care of your health!
Take care of your health.
Take care of your homes.
Take care of your joints; don't overexert yourself.
Take care of your kid brother.
Take care of your life and let others live.
Take care of your needs yourself.
Take care of your nervous system.
Take care of your own affairs yourself.
Take care of your own business.
Take care of your own family.
Take care of your own needs yourself.
Take care of your own problems.
Take care of your personal hygiene for self-confidence.
Take care of your personal problems first.
Take care of your pet and feed it properly.
Take care of your physical and mental health.
Take care of your problems as soon as you can.
Take care of your responsibilities first.
Take care of your sister, Tom.
Take care of your stuff yourself.
Take care of your teeth by brushing regularly.
Take care of your things yourself.
Take care of your used kitchen linens by washing and folding them.
Take care of your work.
Take care of yourself and Tom.
Take care of yourself first.
Take care of yourself out there.
Take care of yourself, OK?
Take care of yourself, Tom.
Take care of yourself, and have a good time!
Take care of yourself, little girl.
Take care of yourself, too.
Take care of yourself, you might catch a cold.
Take care of yourself.
Take care of yourself. Don't get sick.
Take care of yourself. Don’t get sick.
Take care of yourselves!
Take care of yourselves.
Take care to indicate the right object before sending me your email, otherwise it will end up in the spam folder.
Take care to turn off lights in rooms when nobody's in them.
Take care to turn off lights in rooms when nobody’s in them.
Take care when chopping vegetables not to leave scraps behind.
Take care when defrosting items, as they can drip inside the refrigerator.
Take care when you climb up the ladder.
Take care when you cross a busy road.
Take care when you cross the street.
Take care with glass stovetops, as they can be delicate and need special care.
Take care!
Take care! It's dangerous to drive drunk.
Take care! It’s dangerous to drive drunk.
Take care, Pinocchio! Those bad companions will sooner or later make you lose your love for study. Some day they will lead you astray.
Take care, because the stream has become rapid.
Take care, nigger.
Take care.
Take care. Be safe.
Take care. It's still really hot.
Take charge of your life again.
Take charge of your obligations.
Take comfort in that.
Take command.
Take control of the command post.
Take control of your destiny.
Take control of your life, or else someone else will.
Take control of your social media experience.
Take control.
Take counsel with a man who is wise and of a good conscience.
Take cover from the rain.
Take cover!
Take cover.
Take deep breaths and focus on your breathing.
Take deep breaths.
Take down the book from the shelf.
Take down the main points of the speech.
Take down those curtains and send them to be cleaned.
Take drugs.
Take each day as it comes.
Take either of the apples.
Take evasive action.
Take every last nail from work. You're an owner here, not a guest.
Take every possible means.
Take everything in moderation, especially moderation.
Take everything out of your pockets.
Take everything!
Take everything, if you want.
Take everything.
Take everything. Just don't shoot.
Take exercises out of doors.
Take extra.
Take four bunches of onions for the price of two.
Take from my frozen hands thy hands of fire, And of my heart-strings make thee a new lyre, That in thy music men may find my voice, And something of me still on earth rejoice.
Take from the fire, add the yolks of two eggs well-beaten, the juice of half a lemon, and half a dozen parboiled oysters.
Take good care of Mary.
Take good care of Tom.
Take good care of grandma.
Take good care of her.
Take good care of him.
Take good care of it!
Take good care of my daughter, Tom.
Take good care of my grandmother.
Take good care of them.
Take good care of what you eat and drink every day.
Take good care of yourself.
Take good care of yourselves.
Take grapes of the best quality, picked fresh from the vines. Wash well after stripping from the stems, rejecting any imperfect fruit.
Take great care when you put your hand to a new business.
Take heart and do it again.
Take heart! All is not lost.
Take heart, things will change for the better.
Take heed of her advice.
Take heed of the risks involved, as your behavior may lead to disastrous outcomes.
Take her back.
Take her diapers off or she will have an erythema.
Take her downtown.
Take her for a swim.
Take her hair, parted down the middle, and separate the right front section. Repeat the same for left. Twist each side and secure them together in the back with a clip.
Take her home.
Take her inside.
Take her out of here.
Take her outside.
Take her picture away from me.
Take her somewhere.
Take her to surgery.
Take her to the ICU.
Take her to the OR.
Take her to the doctor, she's sick.
Take her to the hospital.
Take her to the operating theatre.
Take her to the station.
Take her upstairs.
Take her with you.
Take her. She could be useful.
Take him away!
Take him away.
Take him back.
Take him down from there!
Take him downtown.
Take him for a swim.
Take him home.
Take him inside.
Take him out of here.
Take him outside.
Take him somewhere.
Take him to Yanni, Skura.
Take him to Yanni.
Take him to a doctor.
Take him to the doctor. He's sick.
Take him to the hospital immediately.
Take him to the hospital.
Take him to the station.
Take him upstairs.
Take him with you.
Take him.
Take his car keys.
Take his fingerprints.
Take his hand!
Take his ideas.
Take his place!
Take his temperature.
Take his way.
Take hold of it. We're going to pull it.
Take hold of it. We’re going to pull it.
Take hold of opportunity by the forelock.
Take hold of the rope, and I'll pull you up.
Take hold of the rope, and I’ll pull you up.
Take hold of the rope.
Take home these paintings of his and tell me what you think of them.
Take initiative in starting conversations.
Take into account that with every new job starting is hard, and it takes time to get used to new work and a new place.
Take into consideration the unhappy childhood of the accused.
Take it a day at a time.
Take it all.
Take it and go!
Take it and leave!
Take it and shut up.
Take it apart if necessary.
Take it apart.
Take it as an example.
Take it as it comes.
Take it away from Tom!
Take it away from that place.
Take it away, Tom.
Take it away, please.
Take it away.
Take it back to him!
Take it back!
Take it back.
Take it down a notch, Bob.
Take it down a notch, Tom.
Take it down.
Take it easy and get well.
Take it easy and nobody will get hurt.
Take it easy on me.
Take it easy when exercising.
Take it easy with the beer.
Take it easy!
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
Take it easy! Don’t be so nervous.
Take it easy, Fadil. Calm down.
Take it easy, OK?
Take it easy, Tom.
Take it easy, and think. Whose fault do you think it is that things turned out like this?
Take it easy, boy.
Take it easy, bud.
Take it easy, man.
Take it easy, will you?
Take it easy.
Take it easy. I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
Take it easy. I can assure you that everything will turn out fine.
Take it easy. I'm with you.
Take it easy. Things are looking up.
Take it for what it's worth.
Take it for what you will.
Take it from me, Tom, you'll never find it.
Take it home if you want.
Take it home.
Take it if you want it.
Take it in small doses.
Take it inside.
Take it just as a piece of advice. I'm not ordering you to do anything.
Take it off.
Take it one step at a time.
Take it or leave it.
Take it or leave it. Make up your mind already!
Take it out of my pocket quickly!
Take it out of the bag.
Take it out of the box.
Take it out!
Take it outside!
Take it outside.
Take it seriously! The school festival won't wait for us. We're already in the final countdown.
Take it seriously! The school festival won’t wait for us. We’re already in the final countdown.
Take it slow!
Take it slow.
Take it slowly.
Take it somewhere else.
Take it to Tom.
Take it to a mechanic, and get it fixed.
Take it to her.
Take it to him.
Take it to the men in Room 318.
Take it to the repair shop.
Take it to the top.
Take it to them.
Take it up with our boss. I'm only following orders.
Take it upstairs.
Take it yourself.
Take it!
Take it! It's a magic bullet.
Take it! It’s a magic bullet.
Take it, I have more.
Take it, as a keepsake from me.
Take it, or leave it.
Take it, please.
Take it, use it as you like, but do not abuse it.
Take it.
Take it. I don't want it any more.
Take it. I don't want it.
Take it. See if I care.
Take it. You need it more.
Take just one.
Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Take life as a box of surprises.
Take life as it comes.
Take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching a cold.
Take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching cold.
Take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching colds.
Take me as I am.
Take me away from here!
Take me away from here.
Take me away.
Take me back to my home.
Take me back to the office.
Take me back to the office. I have forgotten my phone.
Take me back to the summertime.
Take me back. I want to go home.
Take me downtown.
Take me home immediately.
Take me home with you.
Take me home.
Take me in your warm arms.
Take me off speakerphone.
Take me off the list!
Take me out of the handcuffs!
Take me out tonight.
Take me out.
Take me seriously.
Take me somewhere else.
Take me somewhere.
Take me there.
Take me to Paris, please.
Take me to Tom, please.
Take me to Tom.
Take me to a hospital.
Take me to her.
Take me to him, please.
Take me to him.
Take me to hospital.
Take me to my house.
Take me to the Hilton Hotel.
Take me to the Native Americans.
Take me to the bus stop.
Take me to the hospital.
Take me to the lake.
Take me to the park.
Take me to them.
Take me to this address, please.
Take me to where you found it.
Take me to your boss.
Take me to your leader.
Take me to your place.
Take me with you on the next trip.
Take me with you!
Take me with you, Tom.
Take me with you, Ziri.
Take me with you.
Take me.
Take me. I'm yours.
Take medicine.
Take mine if you want.
Take mine.
Take more money because you never know.
Take more money with you because you never know how much you might need.
Take more time off!
Take my advice and give up.
Take my advice and go to Ubatuba.
Take my advice and talk to her.
Take my advice!
Take my advice.
Take my advice: end your smoking habit.
Take my apples, boy, and sell them in the city.
Take my business card.
Take my car.
Take my coat.
Take my copy of the Quran.
Take my favorite publication in the gift shop.
Take my friendly advice: quitting smoking can lead to a longer life.
Take my glasses.
Take my hand and look me in the eye.
Take my hand and walk with me.
Take my hand, Tom.
Take my hand.
Take my hand. I want to show you something.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
Take my hand. We'll build a utopia, you and me.
Take my handkerchief.
Take my horse.
Take my key.
Take my name off the list.
Take my picture.
Take my purse and pay yourself according to your own conscience.
Take my sweater.
Take my umbrella.
Take my wife - please!
Take my word for it.
Take no account of what he said, he was only joking.
Take no chances.
Take no notice of what Tom says.
Take no prisoners!
Take no prisoners.
Take not God's name in vain; select a time when it will have effect.
Take note.
Take notes.
Take nothing but memories, leave nothing but footprints!
Take nothing by mouth after midnight.
Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains.
Take off his diaper before he gets a rash.
Take off that Kabyle dress.
Take off that band-aid.
Take off that uniform before Dad catches you!
Take off this Kabyle dress.
Take off those smelly socks: they're soaking wet with sweat.
Take off to Ulmuten.
Take off your Kabyle dress.
Take off your boots now and go to bed.
Take off your boots.
Take off your cap.
Take off your caps in the classroom!
Take off your caps.
Take off your clothes and follow my instructions.
Take off your clothes and lie down on the bed!
Take off your clothes!
Take off your clothes.
Take off your coat and make yourself at home.
Take off your coat and stay a while.
Take off your coat!
Take off your coat, please.
Take off your coat.
Take off your coats and make yourselves at home.
Take off your dress.
Take off your fur, and make yourself at home.
Take off your glasses.
Take off your glasses. I want to see your eyes.
Take off your hat in the room.
Take off your hat when you come into a room.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
Take off your hat when you enter a temple.
Take off your hat.
Take off your hats.
Take off your jacket and empty your pockets.
Take off your jacket because it's very hot.
Take off your jacket because it’s very hot.
Take off your jacket if you're hot.
Take off your jacket if you're warm.
Take off your jacket if you’re warm.
Take off your jacket.
Take off your jeans.
Take off your mask!
Take off your mask.
Take off your mittens.
Take off your panties.
Take off your pants.
Take off your school uniform.
Take off your shirt.
Take off your shirt. You don't want to die from hypothermia, do you?
Take off your shoes I was mopping the floor.
Take off your shoes before entering a temple.
Take off your shoes before entering the house.
Take off your shoes before entering.
Take off your shoes before going into a temple.
Take off your shoes before you come into the room.
Take off your shoes.
Take off your socks slowly and show your feet.
Take off your socks, please.
Take off your socks.
Take off your sunglasses.
Take off your t-shirt and lie down.
Take off your tie.
Take off your tinfoil hat.
Take off your trousers.
Take off your uniform.
Take off your wet clothes and change into something dry.
Take off your wet clothes.
Take off your wig.
Take one for the team.
Take one four times a day, after meals.
Take one more step closer to me, and you're a dead man.
Take one more step, and you're a dead man.
Take one of me.
Take one of the two cards.
Take one of these to help you sleep.
Take one of these.
Take one only.
Take one or the other.
Take one step forward.
Take one tablet a day until all of the medicine is gone.
Take one tablet by mouth every day.
Take only one.
Take only what you need.
Take our picture.
Take out a matchbox and a needle and thread.
Take out all the nouns from the text.
Take out the enemy from as far away as possible.
Take out the garbage regularly to keep the kitchen smelling fresh.
Take out the garbage.
Take out the middle section.
Take out the nations that are not involved.
Take out the recyclables.
Take out the rubbish.
Take out the trash every morning.
Take out the trash regularly to prevent any odors in the fridge.
Take out the trash!
Take out the trash.
Take out those two books!
Take out your book.
Take out your books and open them at page 42.
Take out your books.
Take out your homework.
Take out your notebook.
Take out your notebooks!
Take out your notebooks.
Take out your pen and write.
Take out your textbooks and turn to page 33.
Take over, will you?
Take over.
Take part in the activity not for money but for learning through experience.
Take part in the beta test!
Take particular care when walking on icy paths.
Take pictures if you want to.
Take pictures if you want.
Take pictures of all the rooms.
Take precautions.
Take pride in your room and make it a place you enjoy spending time in.
Take pride in your work.
Take prisoners and make them work as ship builders. We need a stronger navy if we are to take the island countries later.
Take responsibility for your actions.
Take responsibility for your mistakes and learn from them.
Take revenge.
Take seasickness medication at least an hour before you board.
Take shelter first.
Take shelter.
Take short breaks in between tasks to give your mind some rest.
Take small sips.
Take small steps on the balance beam, it's narrow!
Take small steps.
Take solace.
Take some aspirin.
Take some bottles of water to the conference room.
Take some bottles of water to the meeting room.
Take some bread.
Take some couscous now.
Take some deep breaths.
Take some exercise every day for your health.
Take some for later.
Take some fruit if you want.
Take some good advice.
Take some money just in case you need it.
Take some money just in case.
Take some napkins with you.
Take some pictures of Tom.
Take some time and look at your life.
Take some time for yourself. You deserve it.
Take some time off.
Take some time out.
Take some time to interact with your dog.
Take some time.
Take some warm clothes.
Take some warm clothing.
Take something else, then.
Take something to eat with you.
Take steady aim at the tiger.
Take such steps as you think best.
Take that Kabyle dress off.
Take that and keep it in this. Put them next to that.
Take that away.
Take that back, right now!
Take that back.
Take that book and go to your room.
Take that box away!
Take that class.
Take that disgusting thing out of your ear.
Take that down.
Take that dress off or I'll rip it off with my bare hands.
Take that off your head.
Take that off.
Take that one and that one.
Take that one there.
Take that one.
Take that path and you'll reach the river.
Take that seat.
Take that stuff outside.
Take that to the kitchen.
Take that!
Take that.
Take the Jeep and check out the farm.
Take the Kabyle dress off.
Take the afternoon off if you want to.
Take the apple and divide it into halves.
Take the baby into the room.
Take the bag.
Take the bags upstairs.
Take the battery off the machine.
Take the blame.
Take the blessing which I have brought thee, and which God hath given me, who gives all things.
Take the book and devour it.
Take the book and read it!
Take the book and read!
Take the book back to the library.
Take the book off the table.
Take the book on that table.
Take the book that has been left on the table.
Take the book that's on that table.
Take the book which is lying on that table.
Take the book.
Take the books away from the table, please.
Take the books from there.
Take the books on that table.
Take the books out of the boxes and put them on the shelves.
Take the books that are on that table.
Take the bull by the horns!
Take the bus.
Take the cab to the beach.
Take the canary to the vet for regular check-ups.
Take the car to the car wash.
Take the case of Veerender Jubbal. Several European news outlets named the Canadian Sikh as a possible suspect for the November 2015 Paris terror attack. They even published a photo of him wearing a suicide bomber vest.
Take the cat to my room.
Take the catalogue, open it, and call out the tenth word on the right side.
Take the chair to your room.
Take the child outside to play in the garden.
Take the children inside.
Take the children into the house.
Take the clothes I took off.
Take the clothes and go wash them.
Take the clothes that I have taken off.
Take the clothes that I took off.
Take the clothes that I've taken off.
Take the cushions off the couch.
Take the dictionary from the shelf.
Take the dishes to the sink.
Take the dog away! I'm afraid of dogs!
Take the dog for a walk.
Take the donkey to drink.
Take the elevator three floors down to the conference room.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
Take the elevator to the third floor.
Take the emergency exit!
Take the express on track 9.
Take the express train from platform 9.
Take the fan out of the window.
Take the first left after the junction, follow the street all the way down, and then turn right.
Take the first left after the junction, go all the way down that street, and then turn right.
Take the first street to the right.
Take the first turn to right and then go straight on.
Take the first turn to your right.
Take the flames along to the base to get points.
Take the flashlight. We'll definitely need it.
Take the flashlight. We'll need it.
Take the flowers into the kitchen.
Take the fork out of the electric socket.
Take the garbage out.
Take the groceries home.
Take the handouts.
Take the helicopter.
Take the honey and butter!
Take the initiative to offer ideas and solutions if there's a problem at work.
Take the inner bark of this tree and boil it, then dip your finger in the liquid.
Take the jam down from the top shelf.
Take the jinx off of me.
Take the judgments of one person about others and get a meaningful picture of his own character.
Take the jug to the cellar.
Take the jug to the dining room.
Take the jump shot!
Take the keys to your brother.
Take the keys.
Take the kids to school.
Take the kids with you.
Take the leftover food home with you.
Take the letter out of the envelope.
Take the lift to the fifth floor.
Take the lift to the fourth floor.
Take the lift up to the ninth floor.
Take the liquor away from them.
Take the little book, and eat it up.
Take the match and strike it against your shoe.
Take the meat and chop it up a bit!
Take the meat out of the freezer.
Take the meat out of the pan.
Take the medicine every hour.
Take the medicine that the doctor prescribed to you.
Take the medicine the doctor prescribed you.
Take the medicine three times a day.
Take the medicine.
Take the meds.
Take the metro at Republic Square.
Take the metro, and you'll get to hospital faster.
Take the mile instead of the inch.
Take the money and go.
Take the money and just go away.
Take the money and run.
Take the money before the police come!
Take the money with you.
Take the money! You know I don't need it!
Take the money.
Take the newspapers and bring them to Tom. While you're at it, ask when he'll be having lunch.
Take the next bus.
Take the next left.
Take the next one, put it into the machine and push the button.
Take the next one.
Take the next right.
Take the note out and read it.
Take the number 19 bus to the main square.
Take the one you like best, whichever it is.
Take the opportunity to thank her.
Take the oranges out of the fridge.
Take the other chair!
Take the other one if you want.
Take the pain reliever only when you need it.
Take the pan off the fire.
Take the pan off the heat.
Take the parrot for regular check-ups at the veterinarian.
Take the path that runs along the river.
Take the patient to the operating theatre immediately.
Take the phone.
Take the pulse!
Take the pulse.
Take the red ribbon from my hair.
Take the rest of the day off.
Take the ribbon from my hair.
Take the right road.
Take the ring and just go away.
Take the road on the left.
Take the road on the right.
Take the room's measurements.
Take the rubbish out.
Take the rubbish with you when you go out.
Take the same road home that you came on.
Take the sand to at-shalan.
Take the shahada now.
Take the shahada.
Take the sheep out to graze.
Take the shortest route to Paris.
Take the shot!
Take the skin off before you eat the apple.
Take the skins of those fruits away!
Take the stairs instead of the elevator for exercise.
Take the stairs.
Take the street on the right.
Take the subway right here.
Take the table outside, please.
Take the time to laugh! It's the music of the soul.
Take the time to laugh. Laughter is music for the soul.
Take the time to reflect.
Take the time to walk everywhere.
Take the top and you will have the middle.
Take the torch. We'll definitely need it.
Take the torch. We'll need it.
Take the torch—that we'll definitely need.
Take the towel out of the bag.
Take the train that's going to Moncloa.
Take the train that’s going to Moncloa.
Take the tram.
Take the trash bag out gently to prevent ripping.
Take the trash out now!
Take the trash out.
Take the treasure and take good care of it.
Take the umbrella.
Take the urine colour test.
Take the water, in case you want to drink.
Take the watering-can with you.
Take the weight off your feet.
Take the weight off your feet. Sit down and relax.
Take the wheel, Tom.
Take the wheel.
Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be.
Take their guns away.
Take them all to my office.
Take them away.
Take them both.
Take them downtown.
Take them for a swim.
Take them home.
Take them inside.
Take them out and shoot them.
Take them out of here.
Take them outside.
Take them somewhere.
Take them to the hospital.
Take them to the station.
Take them upstairs.
Take them with you!
Take them with you.
Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Take these books to the mosque library.
Take these books with you.
Take these flowers.
Take these goats to the mountain.
Take these keys to Tom.
Take these keys to your brother.
Take these mugs and place them on the table.
Take these pills.
Take these safety measures when the water level rises.
Take these shoes. Don't worry, they don't stink.
Take these things out of here!
Take these with you.
Take these.
Take things a little more seriously.
Take things always by the smooth handle.
Take things as they are.
Take things less personally at work.
Take this Kabyle dress and put it on.
Take this as friendly advice: I think you should do sport more often to keep yourself fit.
Take this aspirin.
Take this backpack.
Take this bag or I'll take you.
Take this bag.
Take this before you go out.
Take this book back to Tom.
Take this book back to him.
Take this book.
Take this book. It's about Peru's Native Americans.
Take this box away soon.
Take this box down to the basement.
Take this box into the other room.
Take this box.
Take this briefcase.
Take this brochure.
Take this capsule within thirty minutes of each meal.
Take this carton of milk.
Take this chair back to the meeting room.
Take this chair to my office.
Take this chair to the meeting room.
Take this chair. It's sturdy.
Take this confederate flag away.
Take this crate.
Take this drink away and bring me another.
Take this exit.
Take this fish as a gift.
Take this folding umbrella with you. It might come in handy.
Take this gentleman to my office.
Take this gentleman to see Mr. Bakir.
Take this hat.
Take this home with you.
Take this jumper with you so you don't catch a cold.
Take this junk out of here.
Take this knife and cut the top off.
Take this letter to the post office.
Take this medicine after each meal.
Take this medicine after meals.
Take this medicine and you'll feel better soon.
Take this medicine before each meal.
Take this medicine between meals.
Take this medicine every four hours.
Take this medicine every hour.
Take this medicine every six hours.
Take this medicine faithfully, and you will feel better.
Take this medicine for your cold three times a day.
Take this medicine if you don't feel well.
Take this medicine if you don’t feel well.
Take this medicine in case you get sick.
Take this medicine three times a day after meals.
Take this medicine three times a day.
Take this medicine twice a day.
Take this medicine when you feel bad.
Take this medicine when you have a cold.
Take this medicine, and you'll feel a lot better.
Take this medicine, and you'll feel better.
Take this medicine, and you’ll feel a lot better.
Take this medicine, and you’ll feel better.
Take this medicine.
Take this medicine. You will feel better soon.
Take this medicine. You'll soon feel better.
Take this money and be gone.
Take this money.
Take this money. It's for Anna and the baby.
Take this once a day.
Take this one, for example.
Take this one.
Take this opportunity and run with it.
Take this opportunity to bond with your little brother and have fun.
Take this opportunity.
Take this or that.
Take this piece of chalk and write on the blackboard.
Take this piece of rubber hose.
Take this pill. It will help you sleep.
Take this pill. It'll help you sleep.
Take this pipe; play upon it the notes in which I once instructed Daphnis, and in which Daphnis instructed you.
Take this prescription to your pharmacy.
Take this quiz to find out what your favorite color is!
Take this ribbon.
Take this ring as a token of my love and fidelity.
Take this sacred red pencil and go forth on your trusty office chair.
Take this seat, please.
Take this stuff away.
Take this suitcase.
Take this table away.
Take this three times a day for the next two weeks.
Take this three times a day.
Take this to Tom.
Take this to my house.
Take this to the kitchen.
Take this to your mother.
Take this to your toy box.
Take this train and change at the next station.
Take this train and make a change at the next station.
Take this umbrella with you lest you should get wet and catch cold.
Take this with you.
Take this!
Take this, honey.
Take this, to put in the tzedakah box.
Take this, you bastard!
Take this.
Take this. It'll kill the pain.
Take those flowers out of your hair.
Take those football boots off, now, otherwise the studs will ruin the parquet flooring!
Take those football boots off.
Take those matches away from that kid; he's a firebug!
Take those words back!
Take three at a time.
Take three steps and jump.
Take three steps forward.
Take time for yourself.
Take time to dream. That's how you get to the stars.
Take time to eat your meals.
Take time to recover and rest your muscles.
Take time to reflect before deciding.
Take time to reflect on the progress made.
Take turns and share with others.
Take turns.
Take two aspirin tablets.
Take two aspirin.
Take two aspirins for your headache.
Take two capsules after a meal.
Take two of these and call me in the morning.
Take two of these red pills.
Take two of these, and call me in the morning.
Take two pills before going to bed.
Take two.
Take umbrella with you, look to the clouds in the sky.
Take us downtown.
Take us home.
Take us somewhere.
Take us straight there.
Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes.
Take us there, Tom.
Take us there.
Take us to the hospital.
Take us to your leader.
Take us with you, Tom.
Take us with you.
Take what you have come for, and begone.
Take what you like.
Take what you need and give what you can.
Take what you need.
Take what you want and don't give anything.
Take what you want.
Take what's yours and get out!
Take whatever cake you like.
Take whatever cake you want.
Take whatever time you need, Yoshida.
Take whatever you like.
Take whatever you need.
Take whatever you want in the fridge.
Take whatever you want, Tom.
Take whatever you want.
Take whatever you want. It's all free.
Take whichever cake you like.
Take whichever cake you want.
Take whichever flower you like.
Take whichever of these you want.
Take whichever one of these you prefer.
Take whichever one you like.
Take whichever one you want.
Take whichever you like best.
Take whichever you like.
Take whichever you want.
Take wisdom from the mouths of crazy people.
Take your German Shepherd away.
Take your Kabyle dress off.
Take your ass back there.
Take your baggage and go!
Take your belongings and leave!
Take your best shot.
Take your bicycle to the garage.
Take your books and put them in your room.
Take your bra off.
Take your brolly in case it rains.
Take your brolly – the sky's cloudy.
Take your brolly – they forecast rain.
Take your brother upstairs.
Take your business elsewhere.
Take your car away from over there.
Take your chance, and do it.
Take your children to their room.
Take your clothes and get out of here!
Take your clothes off, please.
Take your clothes off.
Take your coat in case it rains.
Take your coat off and empty your pockets.
Take your coat off and make yourself at home.
Take your coat off and stay a while.
Take your coat off, and make yourself at home.
Take your coat off.
Take your coat.
Take your coat. It's cold today.
Take your coats off and make yourselves at home.
Take your doctor's advice.
Take your dog away.
Take your drugs.
Take your elbows off the table.
Take your father a cup of coffee.
Take your feet away from here.
Take your foot away from that spot.
Take your foot off the clutch.
Take your foot off the gas.
Take your fucking hands off me, you bastard!
Take your glasses off and close your eyes.
Take your glasses off and fight like a man.
Take your glasses off.
Take your guns away.
Take your hand off me.
Take your hand off my back.
Take your hand off my neck.
Take your hand off my shoulder.
Take your hand off of my arm.
Take your hand out of your pocket!
Take your hand out of your pocket.
Take your hands off Tom.
Take your hands off her.
Take your hands off me!
Take your hands off me, please.
Take your hands off me.
Take your hands off my neck.
Take your hands off my things!
Take your hands off that comb!
Take your hands out of your pockets when I'm talking to you!
Take your hands out of your pockets.
Take your hat off in the room.
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.
Take your hat off when you enter a temple.
Take your hat off.
Take your hats off.
Take your headphones off.
Take your jacket off if you're hot.
Take your jacket off.
Take your jacket with you, it's cold outside.
Take your jacket with you. It's cold out.
Take your jacket with you. It's cold outside.
Take your keys with you, don't forget.
Take your legs off that spot.
Take your lithium.
Take your lumps.
Take your lunchbox.
Take your mask off.
Take your medication exactly as directed.
Take your medication.
Take your medicine.
Take your meds.
Take your money and get away from here.
Take your notebook and take notes.
Take your notebooks and pens from your book bag.
Take your panties off.
Take your part and leave the other part to your brother.
Take your passport with you, just in case.
Take your passports with you, just in case.
Take your peacenik hippyism elsewhere, the world is about to get a lot more dangerous.
Take your phone with you.
Take your pick.
Take your pill.
Take your pills.
Take your place.
Take your places.
Take your positions.
Take your pulse.
Take your puppy to the vet for regular check-ups.
Take your raincoat in case it rains.
Take your school uniform off.
Take your seat.
Take your seats, please.
Take your seats.
Take your shirt off.
Take your shit out of this fridge.
Take your shoes off before entering a temple.
Take your shoes off before entering.
Take your shoes off before going into a temple.
Take your shoes off before you come into the room.
Take your shoes off before you enter.
Take your shoes off if you come inside.
Take your shoes off.
Take your shot, Tom.
Take your shot.
Take your socks off.
Take your stinky towels away.
Take your stuff and go.
Take your sunglasses off.
Take your sweater so that you may not catch cold.
Take your things and go.
Take your things with you when you go.
Take your things with you.
Take your tie off.
Take your time before answering.
Take your time for the best results.
Take your time in choosing.
Take your time over it.
Take your time to park correctly, I am not in a hurry.
Take your time when you eat meals.
Take your time with it.
Take your time!
Take your time, I'll wait for you in the car.
Take your time, Tom.
Take your time, Yoshida.
Take your time, but hurry up.
Take your time, folks.
Take your time, guys. Let me know if you have any questions.
Take your time, no rush.
Take your time, or you may make some mistake.
Take your time, or you may make some mistakes.
Take your time.
Take your time. I know you need a couple of days to reflect on it.
Take your time. It isn't that urgent.
Take your time. It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Take your time. It's not desperately urgent.
Take your time. It's not that urgent.
Take your time. It's not urgent.
Take your time. There's no hurry.
Take your time. There's no need to hurry.
Take your time. There's no rush.
Take your time. There’s no hurry.
Take your time. We have all afternoon to shop.
Take your time. We'll wait.
Take your time. You're working too fast. You'll make mistakes.
Take your time. Your health is most important.
Take your trash elsewhere.
Take your trousers off.
Take your umbrella because it is cloudy.
Take your umbrella in case it rains.
Take your umbrella with you in case it rains.
Take your umbrella with you.
Take your umbrella – rain is forecast.
Take your umbrella – the sky's cloudy.
Take your underwear off.
Take your uniform off.
Take, for example, the French word collège. In English, college can often be used in place of the word university, or sometimes as a school within a university. However, in French, collège actually means “middle school,” or the level of schooling for students in grades five or six through eight.
Take, for instance, your family problems.
Take-out meals will be available.
Takeda always shows his anger openly.
Takeda holds a 3rd dan in kendo, and a 2nd dan in iaido.
Takeda holds a 3th dan in "kendo", a 2th dan in "iaido".
Taken altogether, the President's record isn't half bad.
Taken altogether, the President’s record isn’t half bad.
Taken at face value, the scheme seemed OK.
Taken by surprise, I could not speak a word.
Taken by surprise, I couldn't think of anything to say.
Taken by surprise, I couldn’t think of anything to say.
Taken by surprise, I was at a loss for what to answer.
Takeo felt in his pocket for the ticket.
Takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
Takeo is quite a good fellow in his way.
Takeoff is scheduled for tonight.
Takeshi carried on his hard work.
Takeshi did come, but didn't stay long.
Takeshi did come, but didn’t stay long.
Takeshi hopes to go to London to study English.
Takeshi is always bossed around by his sisters.
Takeshi is making great progress with math.
Takeshi is making great progress with maths.
Takeshi keeps a diary in English.
Takeshi looked very much like one of my friends.
Takeshi looks a lot like one of my friends.
Takeshi promised to help me with my homework, but at the last minute he let me down.
Takeshi raised his hand to ask a question.
Takeshi, have you taken a bath yet?
Takfiris think that Algeria is trembling with fear.
Taking Taiwan by force carries significant risks.
Taking Ziri up on his offer, Rima agreed to stay the night.
Taking a bath in this lake is not without risk.
Taking a bath makes me relax.
Taking a break doesn't mean giving up.
Taking a break isn't giving up.
Taking a early morning stroll in the forest has had some nice soothing effects on my well-being.
Taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries.
Taking a life for no reason is wrong in all cultures.
Taking a little time off?
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Taking a plane is faster and more convenient.
Taking a round-trip is longer than a direct route.
Taking a taxi is a luxury for me.
Taking a vacation just means you work from somewhere else.
Taking a very early morning stoll can do miracles for your own well-being.
Taking a walk in the park, I was spoken to by an old couple.
Taking a watch apart is easier than putting it together.
Taking action is easy, thinking is difficult. Taking action according to thoughts is the most difficult thing in the world.
Taking advantage of the holidays, I returned home to Nagoya.
Taking advantage of the popular boom in Korean drama, workers selling Korean goods have increased.
Taking all things into consideration, I have made up my mind to give up the idea.
Taking all things into consideration, I think they were mistaken in it.
Taking all things into consideration, his conduct can be excused.
Taking an aspirin a day can be bad for you.
Taking both alcohol and drugs simultaneously can lead to big changes in one's psyche.
Taking candy from a baby is mean.
Taking care of Chinese softshell turtles is difficult.
Taking care of a dog seems difficult. Aren't there times you want to just abandon them?
Taking care of animals is a valuable experience.
Taking care of kitchen towels ensures they stay hygienic and ready for use in your daily kitchen activities.
Taking care of others is easier when you care for yourself first.
Taking care of others requires a full heart.
Taking care of others shows true compassion.
Taking care of others starts with nurturing yourself.
Taking care of others starts with taking care of yourself.
Taking care of soldiers on a mountain is difficult.
Taking care of the baby is my job.
Taking care of the boy is a great drain on her energies.
Taking care of the elderly is very hard work.
Taking care of the excretory needs of a patient you've just met is a very demanding job.
Taking care of the excretory needs of a patient you’ve just met is a very demanding job.
Taking care of the trash can ensures a cleaner and more pleasant kitchen environment for everyone.
Taking care of your apron ensures it will serve you well and stay clean for many enjoyable activities.
Taking care of your body is an investment in your future.
Taking care of your body shows gratitude for your health.
Taking care of your health is a form of beauty.
Taking care of your mind is just as important as your body.
Taking care of your skin is a form of self-respect.
Taking care of yourself allows you to take care of others.
Taking care of yourself is not selfish.
Taking classes is one of the most effective ways to learn something new.
Taking drugs is worse than smoking.
Taking everything into consideration, he bought the car.
Taking everything into consideration, he can't be the criminal.
Taking everything into consideration, he can’t be the criminal.
Taking everything into consideration, the result is better than I expected.
Taking everything into consideration, they ought to be given another chance.
Taking good care of your clothes will make them last longer.
Taking her dog for a walk helps her connect with others.
Taking her lute in her hand, she began to play so beautifully that one felt as though one could never hear enough.
Taking hold of this respectable person's arm as if to support her, Lady Ashton traversed the court, uttering a word or two by way of direction to the servants, but not one to Sir William, who in vain endeavoured to attract her attention.
Taking into account her inexperience, she was very good.
Taking into account the continued steady rise of unemployment in the current economic climate, the government issued some new economic measures.
Taking into account the time I'd just spent napping, I'm really picking up the sense that this time's exam really won't be straight forward.
Taking into account the time I’d just spent napping, I’m really picking up the sense that this time’s exam really won’t be straight forward.
Taking into consideration the coming chill of winter, we cancelled our picnic.
Taking moderate exercise is good for the health.
Taking moderate exercise will do you good.
Taking moderate exercise will keep you healthy.
Taking money from a corporation as a politician is definitely corruption.
Taking no notice of the people around them, the boys talked loudly to each other.
Taking notes at each meeting is one of the official duties.
Taking notes is important.
Taking off his hat, he entered the room.
Taking off his hat, he went into the room.
Taking off is easier than landing.
Taking out a knife, he tried to open the can.
Taking out the garbage is never much fun.
Taking over 30 years to build, tens of thousands of workers—and more than 27 million kilograms of dynamite—the Panama Canal is considered one of the biggest engineering feats of the 20th century.
Taking over Taiwan remains China's top strategic priority.
Taking part in debates is invigorating.
Taking part in funerals is something that people only do for the sake of appearance. It makes no sense on its own terms. It's like the effort you put into cleaning your boots every day: you only do it to make sure no one says you've got dirty boots.
Taking part in the book fair is very important for that publisher.
Taking photos here is prohibited.
Taking risks may land you on terra incognita and make you long to plant your feet back on terra firma.
Taking slaves from Africa to the United States was very risky.
Taking the bullet out might kill him.
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.
Taking the hoe, he set about tilling the soil, though he tired quickly, and soon left the job to his son.
Taking the last train is always an adventure full of unexpected twists and turns.
Taking the opportunity for President Obama to visit Japan as a state guest, the chief trade negotiators of Japan and the U.S. conducted a series of marathon meetings from midnight to early morning.
Taking the right path means recognising from time to time that you might have strayed from it.
Taking the rubbish out is never much fun.
Taking the stairs is better for your health.
Taking things apart is easier than putting them back together.
Taking time for yourself is a gift.
Taking time to care for yourself is essential for your health.
Taking time to care for yourself is essential.
Taking time to relax is essential for the soul.
Taking time to rest is part of self-care.
Taking too many selfies signifies a lack of sex.
Taking trips is a lot of fun.
Taking unnecessary risks is pushing your luck!
Taking up their poems, I would question them.
Taking you home is an honor for me.
Taking you home would be an honor for me.
Takoyaki is really quite delicious.
Takumi is a Japanese calligrapher.
Takuya ordered me to start at once.
Takuya swam naked as a jaybird.
Takuya told me to depart immediately.
Takuya told me to leave right away.
Takuya told me to start at once.
Takuya told me to take off right away.
Tala means water source in Berber.
Tala n Wemghar is a municipality.
Talent can come from anywhere.
Talent comes from originality, which is a special way of thinking, seeing, understanding, and judging.
Talent for music runs in their blood.
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
Talent is hitting a target that nobody hits. Genius is hitting a target that no one sees.
Talent is like money. It's not necessary to have any to talk about it.
Talent is the prerogative of a few.
Talent is useless without hard work.
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you.
Talent obliges.
Talent will get you nowhere without hard work.
Talent without hard work is useless.
Talent without hard work will get you nowhere.
Talented isn't the word for him.
Talented isn’t the word for him.
Talented people are born every day.
Talented students come from far and wide to attend this school.
Tales like Cinderella are very widespread in China, Japan, and other countries of the world.
Tales of gentleness, of honor, of justice, of courage, of fortitude in suffering, of intrepidity in danger, of dauntless resolution, of iron will, inspire children to an emulation of those virtues.
Tales of her courageous deeds rang through the country.
Tales were told in the city of the weird figure which was seen prowling about the suburbs, and which haunted the lonely mountain gorges.
Talk a bit louder please; I can't understand you.
Talk about huge egos.
Talk about it!
Talk about light pollution.
Talk about love and think about me.
Talk about someone, and they will appear.
Talk about something else.
Talk about spacious!
Talk about the sunset.
Talk about the truth and try to avoid disappointments.
Talk about the weather, the food at the party or your favorite drink.
Talk about your dreams and try to make them a reality.
Talk about your favorite film.
Talk about yourself, please.
Talk as much as you like.
Talk as much as you want.
Talk as quietly as you can. The kids are asleep.
Talk as quietly as you can. The kids are sleeping.
Talk calmly.
Talk fast.
Talk for yourselves. We don't share your opinions about this matter.
Talk is cheap, but thought is free.
Talk is cheap.
Talk is fucking cheap.
Talk it over with Tom.
Talk it over.
Talk less, do more.
Talk like that isn't constructive.
Talk like that will raise suspicion.
Talk like you mean it.
Talk louder so that I may hear you.
Talk more quietly.
Talk more softly, please.
Talk more.
Talk of devil, and he's presently at your elbow.
Talk of devil, and he’s presently at your elbow.
Talk of marriage unexpectedly came to my older sister’s place.
Talk of prejudice typically suggests racism, but that's not the only prejudice spread by the media. Other victims include Jews, Palestinians, Asians, poor people, homosexuals, handicapped persons, and--especially--women.
Talk of the absent and he will appear.
Talk of the devil and he is sure to appear.
Talk of the devil and he'll appear.
Talk of the devil and he's sure to appear.
Talk of the devil!
Talk of the wolf and behold his skin.
Talk quieter.
Talk shop to someone else.
Talk slower.
Talk slowly and you won't stutter that much.
Talk slowly.
Talk some sense into him.
Talk to God.
Talk to Mary and see what she thinks about this.
Talk to Mennad.
Talk to Tom about that.
Talk to Tom again.
Talk to Tom and Mary and see what they think about this.
Talk to Tom and see what he thinks about this.
Talk to Tom.
Talk to Yanni but remember: be nice.
Talk to Ziri.
Talk to each other.
Talk to her again.
Talk to her!
Talk to her.
Talk to him again.
Talk to him and tell him to come back.
Talk to him!
Talk to him.
Talk to me about Germany.
Talk to me about it.
Talk to me about this from your own experience.
Talk to me if you want.
Talk to me in Berber.
Talk to me in French.
Talk to me later.
Talk to me when you're calm.
Talk to me!
Talk to me, Tom.
Talk to me.
Talk to me. Don't be afraid. Your dad isn't here.
Talk to my attorney.
Talk to my boss.
Talk to my brother about that when you find him.
Talk to my lawyer.
Talk to my lawyers.
Talk to somebody about themselves and they will listen to you for hours.
Talk to somebody.
Talk to someone about themselves and they'll listen for hours.
Talk to someone about this.
Talk to someone!
Talk to someone.
Talk to that guy.
Talk to the hand.
Talk to the point, please.
Talk to them again.
Talk to them.
Talk to us directly.
Talk to us privately.
Talk to us, Tom.
Talk to us.
Talk to you later, Ziri.
Talk to you later.
Talk to you soon.
Talk to your boss.
Talk to your children.
Talk to your close friends.
Talk to your doctor.
Talk to your father.
Talk to your friend.
Talk to your friends.
Talk to your guide.
Talk to your kids.
Talk to your mother.
Talk to your parakeet and spend some time bonding with it.
Talk to your parents.
Talk to your peers.
Talk to your pieces, ask them where they would like to go, whether they would like to leave the board or even self-sacrifice for the greater good.
Talk to your specialist.
Talk to your teacher about that.
Talk to your wife.
Talk will not avail without work.
Talk with your parents!
Talk with your partner.
Talk with your partners.
Talk!
Talk, dad!
Talk.
Talk. I'm listening.
Talkers are usually more articulate than doers, since talk is their specialty.
Talking a lot about what might happen in the future could have made the real and physical struggle we were dealing with seem like a fiction.
Talking about AI "hallucinating" is meant to give the false impression that it is actually intelligent.
Talking about a fantasy isn't consent.
Talking about films, why don't we go to the cinema tonight?
Talking about him only hurts me.
Talking about it is a waste of time.
Talking about language skills can also be important…
Talking about murder before a body is found is quite weird.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Talking about others is not polite.
Talking about others is rude.
Talking about others isn't polite.
Talking about rain is easier than discussing feelings.
Talking bad about mother again, eh?
Talking birds, goats butting heads, and a giant tortoise that hangs out with chickens are all part of a living classroom. High-school students at the Career Center in Arlington, Virginia are learning firsthand, and hands-on, how to care for animals. They are at the animal science laboratory, learning about, and taking care of, about 50 species of animals.
Talking can help ease his burden.
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
Talking doesn't cost anything.
Talking during a concert is rude.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
Talking in the library isn't allowed.
Talking is Yanni's specialty.
Talking is a human ability.
Talking is a necessity, listening is an art.
Talking is good.
Talking is one thing, doing is another.
Talking is the think Ziri does second best.
Talking is very easy, but listening when they talk to you is very difficult.
Talking isn't doing. It is a kind of good deed to say well; and yet words are not deeds.
Talking like this, we are getting nowhere.
Talking nonsense does no good.
Talking of John, what has become of his sister?
Talking of Mr Ito, what has become of his son?
Talking of Mr Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
Talking of Mr White, where is he living now?
Talking of Mr Yamada, do you know what has become of his son?
Talking of Professor Smith, his assistant is hard of hearing.
Talking of Shakespeare, have you ever read his work?
Talking of Smith, what has become of his daughter?
Talking of Tom, he swam every morning.
Talking of Tom, he went swimming every morning.
Talking of classical music, who is your favorite composer?
Talking of dictionaries, I have benefited from various kinds.
Talking of music, what kind of music do you like?
Talking of non-biological parents isn't new; it's just newly associated with queer people, and thus newly hated by the types of people who are looking for any excuse to bash us.
Talking of soccer, Neymar is the player of the moment.
Talking of sports, what sports do you play?
Talking of traffic accidents, I saw one last year.
Talking on and on won't make the pot boil.
Talking to Charlie Kirby is like talking to a wall.
Talking to Eliana is like talking to a brick wall.
Talking to Eliana is like talking to a wall.
Talking to Matthew always made Linda feel better.
Talking to Tom is like talking to a brick wall.
Talking to Tom isn't going to help.
Talking to Tom won't accomplish anything.
Talking to Tom won't do you any good.
Talking to Tom won't help.
Talking to Yanni when he's mad is like poking a stick at an angry bear.
Talking to angry customers on the phone really saps his energy.
Talking to him always puts me in a good mood.
Talking to him is a waste of time.
Talking to you is a complete waste of time.
Talking to you is a waste of time.
Talking to you is like talking to a brick wall. Do what you want.
Talking to your plants doesn't help them grow faster.
Talking was impossible.
Talking with Tom was a lot of fun.
Talking with foreigners is a lot of fun.
Talking with you doesn't go anywhere. I give up. Just do what you like.
Talking with your children is important.
Talks between Russia and Ukraine are postponed.
Talks between labour and management were inconclusive.
Talks between the warring parties have broken down and security in the region is very uncertain.
Tall and striking, with a black and gold embroidered shirt and a glittering brown bonnet, she blends in easily with the trendy, after-work crowd.
Tall buildings may sway in a strong wind.
Tall buildings were destroyed.
Tall oaks from little acorns grow.
Tall pine trees form a ring around the lake.
Tall pine trees make a ring around the lake.
Tall trees catch a lot of wind.
Tall trees catch much wind.
Tallinn Town Hall Pharmacy is the oldest pharmacy in Europe that has continually operated on the same premises. It was first mentioned in town records in 1422. During the long history of the town hall pharmacy, many dignified men have been pharmacists here. A special honour belongs to the Burchart family, who worked in the pharmacy for as many as ten generations. Today, there is a museum next to the pharmacy, where you can learn about the history and medieval healing methods. Guided tours are offered and workshops are held in the basement. Kindergarten and school groups are welcome!
Tallinn is Estonia's capital.
Tallinn is located in Estonia.
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia.
Tallulah is like a graceful deer, she has doe's eyes.
Tam says he wants a group activity.
Tama sometimes goes for a walk by himself.
Tamagoyaki is a Japanese-style omelet.
Tamahaq is a Berber language.
Tamanduas are a species of arboreal anteaters.
Tamara seemed like a soul in despair since she was always lonely, downcast, and melancholic.
Tamarind is often used as an ingredient in Thai recipes for its sour flavor.
Tamarind is popular in many South Asian and Central American cuisines.
Tamazight exists.
Tamazight is a family of languages ​​spoken in North Africa.
Tamazight is an official language in Algeria.
Tamazight is an official language in both Algeria and Morocco.
Tamazight is my language.
Tamazight is official alongside Arabic.
Tamazight is such a beautiful language.
Tamazight is the mother of world languages.
Tamazight still exists.
Tame birds dream of freedom. Wild birds fly!
Tame me!
Tameddit, in Kabyle, is the afternoon. It is also said of those on whom we can count because they always go to the end of things.
Tamentefoust is a commune in Algiers.
Tamil is an ancient language, according to this book.
Tamori was born in 1945, that is, when World War II ended.
Tampa slumbered as a little fishing village while East Coast beach towns began to boom as vacation resorts in the late 1800s.
Tampering with evidence is a serious offense.
Tampons can cause toxic shock syndrome.
Tamy discovered a mistake in the sentence structure.
Tamás is a Hungarian student.
Tan goes away from Linta. Because of this, his life is bad next to her.
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well.
Tanaka has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Tanaka has said that he got up this morning around eight o'clock.
Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Tanaka only just recently became a newlywed.
Tanaka plays the piano well.
Tanaka's teaching goes against the stream of history.
Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
Tanaka-san and his son always greet me so courteously, so I helped them with their errands the other day.
Tanaka’s teaching goes against the stream of history.
Tanakh Ram is a translation of the Tanakh into Modern Hebrew.
Taneda Santoka spent the twilight years of his life writing freestyle haiku as an impoverished, wandering drunkard.
Tangerines are smaller than oranges.
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.
Tango and the small boy were the only friend to each other because they knew no one else in the village.
Tango is a very popular dance from Argentina.
Tango is the vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
Tango is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.
Tango is the vertical expression of horizontal desire.
Tango lived with a small boy in a small village.
Tango lives with a small boy in a little village.
Tango was however always bullied by other neighbors’ cats and came home covered with wounds.
Tango was, however, always bullied by other neighbors' cats, and would come home covered with wounds.
Tania had never cheated on a test in her life, and wouldn't have considered doing so had she not missed several lectures right before the final biology exam.
Tania has an eye for design and composition.
Tanina did this on purpose.
Tanina does look a lot like her mother.
Tanina fell.
Tanina had a miscarriage.
Tanina has spent her holidays this year in the village where she grew up.
Tanina is not at home.
Tanina is pregnant.
Tanina is still sleeping.
Tanina is still young.
Tanina lives in Cairo.
Tanina warned the police.
Tanina, your daughter, is the age of my daughter.
Taninna goes to the library and studies every day.
Taninna is a Berber name.
Taninna is not just my sister. She is my best friend.
Taninna is our Berber teacher.
Taninna is out of my life.
Taninna is paling.
Taninna makes Kabyle dresses.
Taninna phoned.
Taninna placed her Kabyle dress carefully in a box.
Taninna prayed.
Taninna ran.
Taninna signed up for a Berber class.
Taninna speaks Berber.
Taninna started wearing Kabyle dresses.
Taninna studies in the library every day.
Taninna volunteers.
Taninna wanted to be first.
Taninna was eating couscous.
Taninna was in Bejaia, Algeria, for modeling.
Taninna wore a Kabyle dress to school.
Taninna works.
Taninna would be safer in Algeria.
Tanit is a goddess among the Berbers.
Tank tops are a godsend on hot summer days.
Tankies are wannabe cops.
Tankies talk about Putin's war on Ukraine as if America started it.
Tankless water heaters are more energy efficient.
Tanks and planes may defeat the troops but they cannot conquer the people.
Tanks are on their way.
Tanks aren't afraid of dirt.
Tanks don't fear dirt.
Tanning beds are dangerous and can cause cancer.
Tanning can cause skin cancer.
Tanning is stinky work.
Tantalum is a chemical element of the symbol Ta.
Tantalus, in spite of his thirst, stopped for a moment his efforts for water, Ixion's wheel stood still, the vulture ceased to tear the giant's liver, the daughters of Danaus rested from their task of drawing water in a sieve, and Sisyphus sat on his rock to listen.
Tanya is as pretty as you, but Dora is prettier than both of you.
Tanya loves Frank and Frank loves Tanya, but in Esperanto, this accusative stands between them.
Tanya speaks Komi well.
Taobao suggested sexy and cute erotic underwear for me.
Taobao suggested sexy and cute lingerie for me.
Taoism changed me.
Taoism scriptures have many Chinese medicine regimen.
Taoism was founded on the teachings of Laozi, a sage born in 604 B.C. in present-day Henan Province.
Taos Amrouche, an Algerian tear.
Taourirt Mimoun is Mouloud Mammeri's birthplace.
Tap an animal to hear the sound.
Tap an clip to paste it in the text box.
Tap on a clip to paste it in the text box.
Tap on the earth icon on the iPad screen to launch the map app.
Tap that like button and subscribe.
Tap the “A” button to add a blue filter and invert colors so light becomes dark and dark becomes light.
Tap to exit full screen mode.
Tap water is dangerous.
Tap water is not drinkable everywhere.
Tap water is sometimes cleaner than bottled water.
Tapas are Spanish appetizers.
Tapas are a typical Spanish dish.
Tape it back together.
Tape one side of the wrapping paper to the box.
Tape recorders are useful teaching aids.
Taping a woman's wrists together is not first date activity.
Taping a woman’s wrists together is not first date activity.
Tapirs are odd-toed ungulates.
Tapirs resemble anteaters.
Taqbaylit belongs to the family of Berber languages.
Tara!
Tarantulas are capable of tackling large preys.
Tarantulas are the biggest of the spiders.
Tarantulas are very fragile so sit down, cup your hands like so, and try not to drop it.
Tarantulas aren't naturally aggressive unless threatened.
Tarantulas aren't naturally aggressive.
Tarantulas can even eat mice.
Tarantulas can kill people.
Tarantulas have a fearsome appearance.
Tarantulas have inhabited the planet since the age of the dinosaurs.
Tarantulas live in underground burrows or tree hollows.
Taras has it.
Tardigrades are adorable.
Tardigrades are very tough animals.
Tardiness is not tolerated.
Tardo and Peo were entertained royally at luncheon by Saranta, their host, who appeared to be the wealthy overlord of this portion of the planet. The meal was delicious—tender, inch-thick steaks served with delicate wine sauce and half a dozen of the planet's exotic vegetables, topped off by a cool fruit dessert.
Target was targeted by cybercriminals.
Tari Ito was found guilty.
Tariff war, what is it good for?
Taro Ito was found guilty.
Taro and Hanako are going to get married next spring.
Taro asked after her father.
Taro bought a used car last week.
Taro concentrated on memorizing English words.
Taro died two years ago.
Taro doesn't seem to have any female friends.
Taro drew 10,000 yen from the bank.
Taro enjoys the confidence of the president.
Taro gets angry quite quickly.
Taro had to eat dirt and resigned.
Taro has a low boiling point.
Taro has a really strong sense of responsibility.
Taro has a strong sense of responsibility.
Taro has lived in Obihiro for ten years.
Taro insisted that he was right.
Taro is not always here.
Taro is on the right side of his mother.
Taro is studying hard.
Taro is taller than any other boy in his class.
Taro is the most famous of the three.
Taro is the taller of the two boys.
Taro is very likely to pass the university entrance examination.
Taro is writing a term paper.
Taro ordered some English conversation textbooks from London.
Taro passes for a scholar.
Taro plants are the source of the chewy taro balls that we sometimes see in bubble tea.
Taro plays the guitar better than any other boy in his class.
Taro speaks English better than I do.
Taro speaks English better than I.
Taro speaks English better than me.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
Taro speaks English, doesn’t he?
Taro stayed in Japan for three days.
Taro stayed in Tokyo for three days.
Taro succeeded to his late father's estate.
Taro succeeded to his late father’s estate.
Taro was in a hurry and left his wallet behind.
Taro weighs no less than 70 kilograms.
Taro will come here before long.
Taro's and Hanako's desk is small.
Taro's strong katakana pronunciation could be heard through his French.
Taro, are you able to help me?
Taro, could you help me?
Taro, dinner is ready.
Taro, dinner's ready!
Taro, dinner’s ready!
Taro, go and brush your teeth.
Taro, go brush your teeth.
Taro, the supper is ready!
Taro, would you be so kind and help me?
Taroudant is a city located in the Souss-Massa region, in the Souss plain, in the south of Morocco.
Taro’s and Hanako’s desk is small.
Tarquin found refuge with Lars Porsena, King of the Etruscans, who pretended to be eager to restore him while he really wanted to submit the Roman people to his own rule.
Tarquin was driven out of the city.
Tarquinius was the last king of the Romans.
Tarrasch used to say that if we fully understand the typical mating continuations, the more complicated sacrificial combinations for this purpose become almost obvious.
Tartar is a form of hardened dental plaque.
Tartarstan is a beautiful land.
Tartiflette is a delicious potatoe and reblochon cheese based dish.
Tarzan and Jill live in the jungle.
Tasadit does not rely on anyone.
Tashi finally reached the higher self that the Tibetan religion promised her.
Tashkent is Uzbekistan's capital.
Tashkent is the capital of Uzbekistan.
Tashkil helps in understanding texts more precisely.
Tasmania belongs to Australia.
Tasmania is an island.
Tasmania is on the 40 degrees South latitude.
Tasmania is the 26th largest island in the world.
Tasmania was once home to the iconic thylacine.
Tasmanian authorities are intensifying their war against a potentially destructive foe — the European red fox. Officials in the southern Australian state believe their numbers are increasing and are spending up to $50 million to eradicate the foxes. Skeptics, though, think hoaxers may have brought fox carcasses to the island to scare the government.
Tasmanian devils got their name from their screams, which terrified early European settlers.
Tassaadit is an intelligent student.
Tassadit Yacine is an Algerian anthropologist.
Tassadit has had twin boys.
Tassadit is the youngest child in the family.
Tassadit married a man older than her.
Tassadit was beaten today outside.
Taste Taninna's couscous.
Taste buds are needed to taste food.
Taste buds are very useful.
Taste cold steel!
Taste is an aesthetic conscience.
Taste is not to be disputed.
Taste it and see if you think I should add more salt.
Taste it yourself.
Taste it.
Taste must be cultivated.
Taste some caviar.
Taste the apple that my father brought back.
Taste the flavour of success.
Taste the jam.
Taste the rice to see if it needs more salt.
Taste the sauce to see if it needs more chili.
Taste the soup to see if it needs more garlic.
Taste these figs.
Taste this and tell me what you think.
Taste this couscous.
Taste this soup and tell me if it needs more salt.
Taste this sweet.
Taste this wine to see if you like it.
Taste this.
Tastes and colours are not debatable.
Tastes are diverse.
Tastes differ.
Tastes in music vary from person to person.
Tastes like chicken.
Tastes like strawberry jam.
Tata goes to the market to buy vegetables and fruit.
Tata went to the market to buy vegetables and fruits.
Tatar, speak Tatar!
Tatarstan is a republic of the Russian Federation.
Tatoeba - where the world's main languages communicate and perfect themselves.
Tatoeba Day is now over.
Tatoeba Day starts now!
Tatoeba Project is our virtual home.
Tatoeba already has more than thirteen million phrases, in hundreds of languages!
Tatoeba always needs more sentences!
Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.
Tatoeba can be considered a language school.
Tatoeba can help people to learn minority languages.
Tatoeba consists of soliloquists and translators.
Tatoeba contains 10 000 Lojbanic sentences.
Tatoeba contains many sentences that fill your bill.
Tatoeba contributors should get Clozemaster for free.
Tatoeba corporation is one of the biggest companies in the world.
Tatoeba corporation is one of the largest corporations in the world.
Tatoeba could use more Indian English sentences from native speakers.
Tatoeba deserves the best of each language.
Tatoeba does not exist solely or even principally for the purpose of your downstream project.
Tatoeba does not have a forum, although many contributors would like to have one.
Tatoeba does not have all the words that I require.
Tatoeba doesn't have all the languages that I need.
Tatoeba enables serendipitous language learning.
Tatoeba enchanted me.
Tatoeba eventually drew in millions of users.
Tatoeba gave Imogen of the Internet a fascinating opportunity to compulsively produce a series of extremely short stories.
Tatoeba grows at a rate of hundreds, or even thousands, of sentences per day.
Tatoeba has a "Log out" button.
Tatoeba has almost 3 million sentences!
Tatoeba has always run on significant volunteer labor.
Tatoeba has an FAQ.
Tatoeba has as many Klingon sentences as Lojban ones.
Tatoeba has enchanted me.
Tatoeba has lots of sentences, and hundreds or even thousands more are added every day.
Tatoeba has millions of sentences, and hundreds or even thousands more are added every day.
Tatoeba has no "Log Out" button.
Tatoeba has no statute of limitations on adding sentences with comma splices.
Tatoeba has reached eight hundred thousand sentences!
Tatoeba has risen from the dead.
Tatoeba has some strange sentences.
Tatoeba has tons of nonstandard English sentences.
Tatoeba immensely helped my pupils master Esperanto.
Tatoeba is a "give and take" kind of thing.
Tatoeba is a book that has been written in hundreds of languages and is now over a million pages long.
Tatoeba is a box full of wonderful experiences and surprises!
Tatoeba is a brilliant invention.
Tatoeba is a collection of example sentences in hundreds of languages and is not the place to discuss political issues.
Tatoeba is a collection of sentences and translations.
Tatoeba is a community.
Tatoeba is a cool and helpful website.
Tatoeba is a cool and useful website.
Tatoeba is a crowdsourcing project.
Tatoeba is a database of sentences.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
Tatoeba is a downloadable sentence collection.
Tatoeba is a drug.
Tatoeba is a fount of wisdom.
Tatoeba is a global community of people who share their passion for languages.
Tatoeba is a good website for language learning.
Tatoeba is a great place to quickly find words used in all kinds of context, and find translations for a wide variety of phrases in nearly every recognized language.
Tatoeba is a great way to procrastinate.
Tatoeba is a great website.
Tatoeba is a guide to global communication.
Tatoeba is a kind of website.
Tatoeba is a language dictionary.
Tatoeba is a language dictionary. You can search for words and get translations. However, it's not exactly a typical dictionary. It's all about sentences, not words.
Tatoeba is a language school that arouses the interest of many people around the world.
Tatoeba is a mini-LibriVox, it just needs to be written before the large-scale reading aloud would start.
Tatoeba is a monumental library, a huge study room open to students and researchers from all over the world.
Tatoeba is a multi-language dictionary.
Tatoeba is a multilingual and interactive dictionary.
Tatoeba is a multilingual online dictionary.
Tatoeba is a place for language learners to stow their favored sentences and discover new ones.
Tatoeba is a priceless resource for anyone who wants to learn a new language.
Tatoeba is a project centered on Earthlings—it still only has one alien language on it.
Tatoeba is a project that aims to collect lots of sentences translated in several languages.
Tatoeba is a sentence collection.
Tatoeba is a ship bound for Boston and navigated by Tom. Those who are running in a different direction on board suppose that they are going someplace else.
Tatoeba is a source of wisdom.
Tatoeba is a tool, which can be used with students in class.
Tatoeba is a translation website.
Tatoeba is a treasure trove of examples of real language.
Tatoeba is a treasure trove of wisdom and world knowledge.
Tatoeba is a very good tool for improving our Esperanto.
Tatoeba is a very good website.
Tatoeba is a very useful tool for people who study foreign languages. And not only for them.
Tatoeba is a virtual place where time really flies by.
Tatoeba is a virtual site where a lot of actual time is spent.
Tatoeba is a website.
Tatoeba is a well of wisdom.
Tatoeba is a wonderful place to study languages and help others study them, even if it's indirectly.
Tatoeba is a wonderful website!
Tatoeba is a world of linguistic possibilities.
Tatoeba is addictive.
Tatoeba is an amazing tool for the study of languages.
Tatoeba is an amazing website!
Tatoeba is an example of mutual aid.
Tatoeba is an example of something to which adding examples is good for those who like examples.
Tatoeba is an incredibly useful tool to practice translation.
Tatoeba is an interesting playing field for smartasses.
Tatoeba is an interesting website!
Tatoeba is an interesting website.
Tatoeba is back, but not everything will be working perfectly.
Tatoeba is becoming an addiction to me. I am even paying less attention to the games played by my team Vasco da Gama, just to participate in the exciting, amazing activity that is going on in this community.
Tatoeba is created for adding and collecting example sentences.
Tatoeba is culture.
Tatoeba is currently unavailable. We are sorry for the inconvenience. You can check our blog or Twitter for more information.
Tatoeba is easy to use.
Tatoeba is exactly like Telephone.
Tatoeba is fantastic!
Tatoeba is filled with crud all over the place.
Tatoeba is free software.
Tatoeba is full of cliches but also of all types of ingenious, informative and absurd sentences.
Tatoeba is good.
Tatoeba is great because there's always someone to correct your phrases.
Tatoeba is great.
Tatoeba is helping me to procrastinate!
Tatoeba is helping to improve my Esperanto.
Tatoeba is ill. It got Tom, a highly infectious virus.
Tatoeba is important for the study of foreign languages ​​in general. It's a collection of sentences about everything. It has a huge, unparalleled corpus.
Tatoeba is in need of more political sentences.
Tatoeba is insulting me!
Tatoeba is just Twitter for language nerds. I eagerly await tempestuous floods of snarky hashtags in every sentence.
Tatoeba is just a playground, right?
Tatoeba is just a website.
Tatoeba is like a garden: you must plant seedlings, tend to them and watch them grow.
Tatoeba is more popular than ever.
Tatoeba is more than a website. Tatoeba is a group of volunteers that either translates existing sentences or writes new ones in order to make others familiar with the beauty of their own languages.
Tatoeba is my favorite website to visit when I'm sitting at the office but with nothing to do.
Tatoeba is my life.
Tatoeba is not a cult.
Tatoeba is not a dictionary.
Tatoeba is not a language school, nor a forum for academic discussions, nor, much less, a vehicle for propaganda of any kind. It's far above all that. Its true significance will only be perceived, I believe, in a few years or a few decades, when its beneficial influence will have radiated to the most distant corners of the planet.
Tatoeba is not a school — it is a university!
Tatoeba is not a school; it's a university!
Tatoeba is not a social network.
Tatoeba is not all it's cracked up to be.
Tatoeba is not even a girl.
Tatoeba is not even a person.
Tatoeba is not my girlfriend.
Tatoeba is not my wife. You are my wife!
Tatoeba is not your personal army.
Tatoeba is offering a $50,000 reward for information leading to Tom's whereabouts.
Tatoeba is one of my favorite things.
Tatoeba is one thing for which I can really have a missionary spirit.
Tatoeba is open source software.
Tatoeba is open source.
Tatoeba is really multilingual. All the languages are interconnected.
Tatoeba is sick right now. She should stay in bed.
Tatoeba is slow today.
Tatoeba is so fast! I can't believe it!
Tatoeba is so fast.
Tatoeba is so hard to use!
Tatoeba is starting to look like one of Borges' labyrinthine libraries.
Tatoeba is starting to look like one of Borges’ labyrinthine libraries.
Tatoeba is still a beta project.
Tatoeba is the best Esperanto school in the world.
Tatoeba is the best looking site of the online world.
Tatoeba is the bomb!
Tatoeba is the greatest website of all time.
Tatoeba is the most beautiful place in the online world.
Tatoeba is the slowest site.
Tatoeba is the website I recommend to other translators, colleagues and language students.
Tatoeba is the website I use when I don't find enough examples in dictionaries.
Tatoeba is watching you.
Tatoeba is where I translate sentences.
Tatoeba isn't a commercial project.
Tatoeba isn't a dictionary.
Tatoeba isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Tatoeba isn't big enough for the both of us.
Tatoeba isn't really a dictionary.
Tatoeba lacks developers.
Tatoeba missed out on the chance to raise money with an official Tom NFT.
Tatoeba moved to another server, the old one being very unreliable lately.
Tatoeba needs a lot of help.
Tatoeba needs more controversial sentences.
Tatoeba needs more love sentences.
Tatoeba needs more political sentences.
Tatoeba needs more test sentences.
Tatoeba needs you.
Tatoeba not only helps students learn a new language, but also its contributors.
Tatoeba now contains five hundred fifty-five Klingon sentences.
Tatoeba now has more than thirteen million sentences in hundreds of languages!
Tatoeba now resembles a glow-worm: it switches on, off, on, off….
Tatoeba provides millions of sentences in different languages, translated to whatever language you speak by native speakers.
Tatoeba really misses him.
Tatoeba should be more important than anything else.
Tatoeba should not admit as collaborators those who only wish to denigrate its image and demean its activity.
Tatoeba sucks.
Tatoeba teaches us humility.
Tatoeba tells me to go screw myself.
Tatoeba users can be divided into four ideal-typical groups: readers, authors, translators and proofreaders.
Tatoeba uses CakePHP.
Tatoeba was born the same year as Bitcoin.
Tatoeba was closed for Christmas.
Tatoeba was created by Trang Ho in 2006.
Tatoeba was down yesterday.
Tatoeba was out of service.
Tatoeba was sick and almost died.
Tatoeba was temporarily unavailable.
Tatoeba was translated into Basque in the summer of 2010.
Tatoeba welcomes people from all backgrounds.
Tatoeba will always be here for you.
Tatoeba will run out of new sentences on April 7th, 2025.
Tatoeba wouldn't be the right place for you to display your over-inflated ego.
Tatoeba's FAQ has been translated into several different languages.
Tatoeba's community is much more welcoming than Wiktionary's.
Tatoeba's corpus is heterogeneous in many dimensions.
Tatoeba's greatest virtue is its interactivity.
Tatoeba's headquarters are located in France.
Tatoeba's popularity has been growing exponentially since the day of its inception.
Tatoeba's review board is extremely efficient.
Tatoeba's sentences are published under a Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 (CC-BY).
Tatoeba, why are you so addictive?
Tatoeba. Is that the name of your new girlfriend?
Tatoeba.org is not a site for friendly conversation, flirting, nor matchmaking.
Tatoeba.org is offline for maintenance.
Tatoeba.org seems to prefer to keep any correct sentence and even a certain number of non-sentences.
Tatoeba.org, a language website, was shut down temporarily for maintenance.
Tatoeba: A life sentence just got a whole new meaning.
Tatoeba: A super database of sentences and translations which I proudly work on.
Tatoeba: As if the geek invasion wasn't enough.
Tatoeba: As if the geek invasion wasn’t enough.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
Tatoeba: Because you can't meet enough frenchies.
Tatoeba: Because you can’t meet enough frenchies.
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
Tatoeba: Big Brother would cry if he ever saw our site.
Tatoeba: Did you think that microchipping members with their sentences is far-fetched?
Tatoeba: Don't cum here on Friday nights, kids.
Tatoeba: Don't wander by here on Friday nights, kids.
Tatoeba: Don’t cum here on Friday nights, kids.
Tatoeba: Don’t wander by here on Friday nights, kids.
Tatoeba: Ever heard of sentence fights? Yeah, that's what we do for fun.
Tatoeba: Ever heard of sentence fights? Yeah, that’s what we do for fun.
Tatoeba: Got a PM? You're probably in trouble...
Tatoeba: Got a PM? You’re probably in trouble...
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
Tatoeba: Let the 'mortal translation' begin!
Tatoeba: Let the fittest sentence survive!
Tatoeba: Let the ’mortal translation’ begin!
Tatoeba: Proving that a dictatorship is better every day.
Tatoeba: Sentence fragments keep out!
Tatoeba: Sentences, sentences, and more sentences.
Tatoeba: We've got more sentences than your mom could ever say in her lifetime.
Tatoeba: We've got sentences older than you.
Tatoeba: We’ve got more sentences than your mom could ever say in her lifetime.
Tatoeba: We’ve got sentences older than you.
Tatoeba: Where attention to detail is sacred, and punishment is swift.
Tatoeba: Where being an orphan doesn't make you exempt in any way.
Tatoeba: Where being an orphan doesn’t make you exempt in any way.
Tatoeba: Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock!
Tatoeba: Where nothing ruins a passionate night of sentence-making like a poorly placed comma or, even worse, a careless typo.
Tatoeba: Where pillow fights can't even measure up to sentence fights.
Tatoeba: Where pillow fights can’t even measure up to sentence fights.
Tatoeba: Where quotes go to die.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren’t.
Tatoeba: Where sentences get owned hard.
Tatoeba: Where we try to be experts in our respective languages and... well, we try.
Tatoeba: don’t come here on Friday night, children.
Tatoeba: exploring digital infinity.
Tatoeba: so you never get lost in translation.
Tatoeba: the only place where the use of different apostrophes is controversial.
Tatoeba? It's nothing but a bunch of tomfoolery.
Tatoeba’s popularity has been growing exponentially since the day of its inception.
Tatoeba’s sentences are published under a Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 (CC-BY).
Tatominer is a service where it shows a list of the most searched words for which there are nearly no sentences.
Tatominer provides a list of the most searched words for which there are very few or no sentences yet.
Tatsuo likes looking at aircraft landing gears.
Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York.
Tatsuzaki burnt down our apartment, so my husband's hatred towards him increased immensely.
Tattoos are a form of self-expression.
Tattoos have tribal origins.
Taunting people is never okay and should never be done.
Taunts are not beatings.
Tawellemmet is a Berber language.
Taweret was sometimes depicted as Set's consort.
Tawny owls are among the most common in Central Europe.
Tawny owls are amongst the most common in Central Europe.
Tawny owls are highly territorial.
Tawny owls are nocturnal.
Tawny owls are well camouflaged by the colour of their plumage.
Tawny owls have a grey or brown plumage.
Tawny owls have grey or brown feathers.
Tawny owls nest in hollows.
Tax and gratuity aren't included.
Tax assessors must account for a variety of factors when determining the value of a property.
Tax breaks were hoped to stimulate the overall economy while revitalizing small businesses.
Tax churches.
Tax credits are available to help offset the cost.
Tax cuts are often used as a major fiscal tool to stimulate the economy.
Tax deductible donations and a portion of ticket revenues go into a special Carousel Restoration fund.
Tax officials are zeroing in on income tax evasion.
Tax places of worship and religious organizations.
Tax rates are low to attract foreign investment.
Tax religion.
Tax revenues come mainly from import duties.
Tax season is a very busy time of year for accountants.
Tax sugar. Problem solved.
Tax the rich.
Tax wise, it is an attractive arrangement.
Taxation according to income is the most effective instrument yet devised to obtain just contribution from those best able to bear it and to avoid placing onerous burdens upon the mass of our people.
Taxation is a serious issue.
Taxation is based on income.
Taxation is the milquetoast, middle-of-the-road alternative to giving billionaires the old Romanov treatment. It's a compromise.
Taxation is theft.
Taxation of the rich is repossession of stolen wealth.
Taxes are included.
Taxes are just legal robbery.
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilized society.
Taxes are too high.
Taxes consist of direct taxes and indirect ones.
Taxes on French perfumes have been increased in the United States.
Taxes should be levied in proportion to ability to pay and in proportion to the benefits received. Income was wisely chosen as the measure of benefits and of ability to pay.
Taxi fares will go up next month.
Taxi! Stop!
Taxi, follow that car.
Taxis are expensive.
Taxis are few and far between during a rainstorm.
Taxis stood in a rank in front of the station.
Taxonomy is always changing.
Taxpayers are angry about wasteful government spending.
Taylor Swift is a popular singer.
Taylor Swift is popular.
Taylor says research has shown that compressing the femoral artery is more effective than applying pressure to a leg wound or using a makeshift tourniquet.
Taylor says surfers are at a higher risk of a shark attack, and leg wounds are the most common injury.
Taylor tried to be neutral.
Tayri is a diligent young girl, she appreciates Amazigh culture as a whole.
Tayri is a hardworking girl, she is passionate about Amazigh culture in its entirety.
Tayri is a very studious girl, she loves Amazigh culture in general.
Tazaghart is a city which gave many poets.
Tbilisi is Georgia's capital.
Tbilisi is the capital of Georgia.
Tchaikovsky composed a waltz in his mother's memory.
Tchaikovsky enrolled at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory.
Tchaikovsky's mother died from cholera when he was fourteen.
Tchaikovsky's piano concerto No. 1 in B-flat minor is one of the most famous piano concertos.
Tchaikovsky's separation from his mother at a young age caused him an emotional trauma.
Tea and coffee helps to start the day.
Tea can wait.
Tea contains theine and coffee contains caffeine.
Tea for everybody.
Tea for everyone.
Tea helps digestion.
Tea is a popular beverage throughout the world.
Tea is delicious.
Tea is like the lubricating oil of work to allow it to proceed smoothly.
Tea is much better with milk than with lemon.
Tea is one of the most popular hot beverages in the world.
Tea is ready.
Tea is the second-most consumed beverage among adults worldwide. Only water is drunk more often. Yet despite its global appeal, tea is not as popular among Americans as coffee is, though that is changing. As new medical studies tout the health benefits of tea consumption, more Americans are giving the ancient drink from China a try. And shops like one called "Teaism" in Washington, DC, are also contributing to the drink's growing popularity.
Tea is widely grown in India.
Tea or coffee - which would you like?
Tea tastes really good.
Tea tree oil is a natural remedy that can be used to treat acne.
Tea was introduced from China.
Tea with ice isn't good without sugar.
Tea with ice isn’t good without sugar.
Tea with lemon for me, please.
Tea without ice.
Tea's ready.
Tea, drunk from a new thermos, tastes a little metallic.
Tea, please.
Teach Tom how to introduce himself in French.
Teach an old dog new tricks.
Teach her to live without you.
Teach him how to introduce himself in Berber.
Teach judo to me.
Teach me Arabic.
Teach me English, please.
Teach me French, please.
Teach me French.
Teach me a couple of Berber words.
Teach me everything.
Teach me how it's done.
Teach me how it’s done.
Teach me how to count in Berber.
Teach me how to count in French.
Teach me how to do it.
Teach me how to do that.
Teach me how to drive.
Teach me how to fold a paper crane. I forgot how to fold it.
Teach me how to make a salad.
Teach me how to play a reed pipe.
Teach me how to play chess.
Teach me how to read coffee grounds.
Teach me how to say something in Berber.
Teach me how to use it.
Teach me how you do it.
Teach me how you do that.
Teach me some kanji, please.
Teach me something in Berber.
Teach me something worthwhile.
Teach me to be generous.
Teach me to drive.
Teach me to panhandle.
Teach me to read coffee grounds.
Teach me to serve.
Teach me why.
Teach me!
Teach me.
Teach other family members the importance of sink cleanliness.
Teach others to clean the cutting board properly if they use it.
Teach others, and you will learn yourself.
Teach the importance of recycling and composting to reduce waste.
Teach them how to do it.
Teach them how to make a salad.
Teach them how to read and write in our language.
Teach them to accept neither god nor master.
Teach them.
Teach these sentences.
Teach those sentences.
Teach us how it's done.
Teach us how to do that.
Teach us something new.
Teach younger siblings the proper way to handle items in the fridge.
Teach your children about them.
Teach your children how to earn their own money.
Teach your children how to make a living.
Teach your children to love.
Teach your children to share and share alike.
Teach your children.
Teach your puppy basic commands like sit and stay.
Teach your son maths.
Teach your son to wee standing up.
Teach your wife to cook cabbage soup.
Teach your younger siblings or family members the proper way to use the trash can.
Teach yourself French.
Teach.
Teacher Guan!
Teacher Wang is drinking the Longjing tea (he) brought from China.
