If you get scared, you can always turn this light on.
If you get shot, you'll die.
If you get shot, you’ll die.
If you get sick, go to the doctor.
If you get sick, it'll ruin your vacation.
If you get sick, stay home.
If you get sidetracked, bring yourself back as soon as you notice it.
If you get sleepy, just tell me.
If you get sleepy, let me know.
If you get sleepy, tell me.
If you get someone pregnant, you marry them.
If you get that job, the world will be your oyster.
If you get there before me, feed the cat.
If you get there early, wait for me.
If you get tired, get some rest.
If you get tired, take a break.
If you get to know her, you'll surely like her.
If you get to know your own world, you won't have to fear anything.
If you get to my house before I do, help yourself to a drink.
If you get to use your phone for that, I get to use it as kindling.
If you get too close to a creeper, it'll explode.
If you get too close, you run the risk of being electrocuted.
If you get too many traffic tickets, the state revokes your license.
If you get up early tomorrow, you can see the rising sun.
If you get up early, you can be in time for school.
If you get up early, you will feel so much the better.
If you get your right ear pierced, that means you're gay.
If you give Tom any leeway, he'll probably just walk all over you.
If you give at all, give quickly.
If you give carnations 7Up instead of water, they last much longer - often as long as three or four weeks.
If you give evil, you will receive evil.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
If you give him money, he buys alcohol with it.
If you give it a try, you will find this game very exciting.
If you give it your all, you can do anything.
If you give me Mary's phone number, I'll call her.
If you give me Tom's phone number, I'll call him.
If you give me a book, I'll read it.
If you give me five minutes, I'll fix it.
If you give me good threads, even if they are thin, I will know how to interweave them. If it is good wool!
If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him.
If you give me the apple, Helen, more beautiful than all other women, will be yours.
If you give me your ass I'll buy you a new car.
If you give simmered food a moment to cool, the flavors will spread throughout the dish, and it'll taste really good.
If you give up today, you'll never know if you would have succeeded tomorrow.
If you give up, that's the end of the match.
If you give up, that’s the end of the match.
If you give, you'll get.
If you go a little west from here you'll find the sea.
If you go anywhere, you had better tell your mother first.
If you go anywhere, you'd better tell your mother first.
If you go around eight, you might meet him.
If you go around flinging mud, some of it will stick to you.
If you go around the Internet, using half-width katakana in various places, eventually you're going to end up pissing off a lot of people.
If you go around the Internet, using half-width katakana in various places, eventually you’re going to end up pissing off a lot of people.
If you go around treating people poorly, it'll eventually bite you in the back.
If you go away, everyone will miss you.
If you go back far enough in time, your family's story is one of migration.
If you go by Shinkansen, you'll be there in no time.
If you go by Shinkansen, you’ll be there in no time.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about a third of the time.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
If you go by plane, you won't be able to take much luggage.
If you go deep into the forest, you can meet a squirrel, a hare, a weasel, a fox, a wolverine.
If you go digging, it's not hard to find prehistoric arrowheads made of stone just about anywhere in the world.
If you go down this street, you'll come to the station.
If you go drinking with Tom, be prepared to listen to some pretty outlandish cock and bull stories.
If you go fast, you will miss it.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I will, too.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I'll go, too.
If you go hiking in the desert, be sure to take plenty of water.
If you go hunting, you lose your seat.
If you go into a black hole, you won't become the stuff coming out of the white hole. You'll only become dead.
If you go into the forest, please be careful of child-eating demons!
If you go into the forest, watch out for the man-eating ogres!
If you go into the forest, watch out for the ogres who eat children!
If you go left here and then take the first right, you'll come to a T-junction.
If you go looking for trouble, you'll find it.
If you go near a camel, you risk being bitten.
If you go near her again, I won't be responsible for myself.
If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
If you go on drinking so much, you may well end up an alcoholic.
If you go on like this you'll end up like your father.
If you go out for dinner with your family, how much does it usually cost?
If you go out in the rain without an umbrella, you will get wet.
If you go out in the rain without an umbrella, you're going to get wet.
If you go out in weather like this, you risk frostbite.
If you go out into the sun, you'll crumble to dust.
If you go out on a full moon night dressed in an ermine coat while holding a stoat figurine in either hand and say 'I like stoats' 666 times in a row, a portal to the Stoatworld will open, where the demonically beautiful demon stoats live.
If you go out so lightly dressed, you'll catch a cold.
If you go out wearing that little you will catch a cold.
If you go out wearing that little, you'll catch a cold.
If you go out, I won't let you come in again.
If you go past the kitchen, my room is on the right.
If you go straight on, you'll see the cinema after the second street on the left.
If you go swimming regularly, you can call yourself a swimmer.
If you go that way and I go that way, we can cover more ground together.
If you go there once, you'll know.
If you go there, you will see Tom.
If you go to Beijing, definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square.
If you go to Nara, you've got to see the deer.
If you go to a baseball game today, sellers are walking around with hot-water tanks.
If you go to bed dressed like that, you'll catch a cold.
If you go to bed late again, tomorrow you'll wake up with shadows under your eyes.
If you go to enough concerts in the U.S., eventually you will hear it. It will probably be towards the end of the night, as the band is winding up, maybe trying to decide what to play for their final song. And then someone will yell out, "Play Freebird!"
If you go to pick up Tom, at what time will you be here, approximately ?
If you go to that supermarket, you can buy most things you use in your daily life.
If you go to the cemetery at midnight, they say you can still hear the ghoul's shriek.
If you go to the movies, take your sister with you.
If you go to the park, take Cookie.
If you go to the party, I think you'll enjoy it.
If you go to the party, I think you'll have a good time.
If you go to the party, I think you'll have fun.
If you go to the restroom, you'll lose your place in line.
If you go underwater, hold your nose and blow to clear your ears.
If you go up two floors, you'll reach the clearance sale on the sixth. Most of the items up there are half-off or less.
If you go upstairs and turn right you will find your room.
If you go, I'll go, too.
If you go, Tom will probably go, too.
If you go, then I’ll be done with you. Simple as that.
If you go, they'll go too.
If you goof it up twice, I suggest hightailing it to Moscow or someplace.
If you got a divorce or chose never to get married: well done!
If you got anything to say, say it properly, don't yell.
If you got it as a gift, you should give it as a gift.
If you got lost in a crowd, I'd search for you.
If you got rid of your moustache, you'd look ten years younger.
If you guide me, it'll go a lot faster.
If you guys are still hungry, we can order another pizza.
If you guys aren't doing anything later, why don't you come over for a cup of coffee?
If you guys don't like it, you can return it.
If you guys need my help, please let me know.
If you guys want to come, please do.
If you guys want to do that, then go ahead and do it.
If you guys want to sleep here, it's no problem.
If you had a fortune, what would you do with it?
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?
If you had a million yen, what would you do with it?
If you had a million, what would you do?
If you had a time machine, when would you go to?
If you had a time machine, where would you go?
If you had a time machine, which year would you visit?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
If you had a word processor, you'd be free from all this trouble.
If you had a word processor, you’d be free from all this trouble.
If you had asked for my advice, I would have advised you not to do that.
If you had asked for my advice, I would have advised you to do that.
If you had asked for my advice, I would've advised you not to do that.
If you had asked for my advice, I would've advised you to do that.
If you had asked me to marry you, I would have said yes.
If you had asked me, I would have told you.
If you had asked my advice in the matter—which you didn't do, Marilla—I'd have said for mercy's sake not to think of such a thing, that's what.
If you had asked someone for directions, we'd be there already.
If you had asked, I would have told you.
If you had been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
If you had been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
If you had been asked by Peterson if the cotton were in good condition, would you have answered affirmatively?
If you had been here yesterday, you'd have met Tom.
If you had been more careful, you would not have met with an accident.
If you had been more tactful, you might have sold Tom the idea.
If you had been there, I would have heard your side of the story as well.
If you had been there, you would have witnessed their actions.
If you had been to the meeting, you would know this.
If you had called me, I would have come to help you.
If you had come a little earlier, you could have met her.
If you had come only two minutes earlier, you could have caught the bus.
If you had come today, I would have given you a thousand francs.
If you had come today, I wouldn't have been able to give you your present.
If you had done that, there wouldn't have been any problems.
If you had done what you were supposed to do, there wouldn't have been any problems.
If you had followed my advice, you wouldn't be in such a fix now.
If you had half a brain you'd be dangerous!
If you had helped me I would be grateful.
If you had helped me, I could have accomplished the work.
If you had helped me, I should have succeeded.
If you had helped me, I would have succeeded.
If you had helped us out it wouldn't have turned out like this.
If you had helped, it would've been easier to do that.
If you had known, you would have told me, wouldn't you?
If you had left a little earlier, you would have avoided the heavy traffic.
If you had left earlier, you would have caught the train.
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
If you had made more effort, you would have passed the entrance examination.
If you had missed that bus, you might not be here now.
If you had never gone to Australia, you wouldn't have met Tom.
If you had never gone to Boston, you wouldn't have met Tom.
If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
If you had not followed the doctor's advice then, you might be ill now.
If you had not followed the doctor’s advice then, you might be ill now.
If you had not helped me, I would have failed.
If you had not told me that, I would not have known it.
If you had one word to describe Tom, how would you describe him?
If you had only listened to me, none of this would have happened.
If you had parked here, you would have received a parking ticket.
If you had parked your car here, you would have been fined.
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to Paulo's house.
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to the party at Tom's house.
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to the party in Paul’s house.
If you had remained silent, you would have remained a philosopher.
If you had said that, I wouldn't have taken it too personally.
If you had some, that'd be great, but it's fine if you don't.
If you had stayed here, you would have had a very good time.
If you had stuck around, you would have had a lot of fun.
If you had stuck around, you'd have met the girl I've been seeing.
If you had stuck around, you’d have met the girl I’ve been seeing.
If you had studied harder, you would have passed the exam.
If you had studied harder, you would have passed the examination.
If you had studied more, you would be happy.
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn’t be in such trouble.
If you had taken the class, you would know this.
If you had taken the map, we wouldn't have been lost.
If you had the chance to change a single event in history, which one would it be?
If you had the opportunity to travel to space, would you go?
If you had to characterize your wife in three words, which ones would you pick?
If you had to choose a moment in time to be born, any time in human history, and you didn't know ahead of time what nationality you were or what gender or what your economic status might be, you'd choose today.
If you had to choose between a quiet life within a lie or a truth that hurts deeply and turns your world upside down, what would you choose?
If you had to choose between piano and violin, which would you prefer?
If you had to describe your craziest dream, what would it be? A trip around the world? A career that challenges conventions? Or something completely unexpected?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
If you had to do it all over again, what would you do differently?
If you had to go and live on a desert island and could only take one book with you, which would it be?
If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?
If you had to hazard a conjecture as to where Tom might go if he wanted to hide, where would you say?
If you had to spend the rest of your life on a deserted island, who would you spend it with?
If you had to spontaneously come up with a name, it would be "Tom".
If you had told me earlier, I could have helped you.
If you had told me earlier, I would have dressed up.
If you had told me that before we started, we wouldn't be in this mess right now.
If you had told me that in the first place, I wouldn't have done it.
If you had told me the truth, I would not be angry now.
If you had told me you were planning to go, I would have waited for you.
If you had told me you were planning to go, I would've waited for you.
If you had told me, I would have stopped my work.
If you had tried to make a better first impression, your neighbors would probably be kinder to you.
If you had wanted our help, why didn't you ask us for it?
If you had worked yesterday, you would have a day off today.
If you hadn't asked me for it, I wouldn't have given it to you.
If you hadn't been so brave, you'd probably have been killed.
If you hadn't done it, someone else would have.
If you hadn't done it, someone else would've.
If you hadn't done that, I would have.
If you hadn't done that, I would've.
If you hadn't done that, Tom wouldn't have gotten upset.
If you hadn't done that, somebody else would have.
If you hadn't done that, somebody else would've.
If you hadn't done that, someone else would have.
If you hadn't done that, someone else would've.
If you hadn't eaten so much, you wouldn't be so sleepy now.
If you hadn't given me a lift, I would have missed the train.
If you hadn't had advice, you'd have failed.
If you hadn't had my advice, you would have failed.
If you hadn't had my advice, you would've failed.
If you hadn't helped me, I would have failed.
If you hadn't helped me, I would've failed.
If you hadn't helped me, I'd never have been able to do that.
If you hadn't helped, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
If you hadn't interfered, we wouldn't have had any problems.
If you hadn't pushed the button, we wouldn't be in this mess.
If you hadn't reminded me, I would never have remembered.
If you hadn't reminded me, I would never have thought of it.
If you hadn't started the fight, there wouldn't be a fight.
If you hadn't told me about the meeting, I wouldn't have known about it.
If you hadn't told me not to do that, I would have done it.
If you hadn't told me not to do that, I would've done it.
If you hadn't told me to do that, I wouldn't have done it.
If you hadn't turned down Tom when he came to you for help, none of this would have happened.
If you hadn't turned down Tom when he came to you for help, none of this would've happened.
If you hadn’t done it, someone else would have.
If you hadn’t had advice, you’d have failed.
If you hadn’t had my advice, you would have failed.
If you hammer a nail into the stud, you can hang the picture from it.
If you hand over the queen or a rook in exchange for your opponent's bishop, knight, or even pawn, you are making a sacrifice, which is almost always, in fact, an investment because you are looking to gain advantageous compensation.
If you handle English, Latin will be a piece of cake.
If you hang a teru teru bozu upside down, do you think it will bring rain tomorrow?
If you hang around, you'll probably find someone with a cigarette sooner or later.
If you hang clothes up instead of folding them, they won't get as wrinkled.
If you happen to be out this way, be sure to call in at my house.
If you happen to hear of anybody that wants to buy a house, please let me know.
If you happen to remember me, I would like you to know that I am still waiting for you here.
If you happen to see Mary, tell her Tom was asking after her.
If you happen to see Tom, could you ask him to give Mary a ring?
If you happen to see him, please give him my best regards.
If you harm her in any way, I'll kill you.
If you hate doing that, then don't do it.
If you hate it, you hate it. If you like it, you like it. Could you make yourself clearer?
If you hate the Berber language, then you're my enemy.
If you hate your job that much, then quit.
If you have "AI" customer service, you have no customer service.
If you have a PhD, every meeting you go to is a doctor's appointment.
If you have a better idea, I shall listen attentively.
If you have a better idea, I'd like to hear it.
If you have a better idea, I'm all ears.
If you have a better idea, let me know.
If you have a bone to pick with a person, tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back.
If you have a car, you can come and go at will.
If you have a certificate of immunization, please bring it when you come.
If you have a chance, please check your mailbox.
If you have a change of heart, let me know.
If you have a clear conscience, you needn't fear any questions.
If you have a cold, all the more reason to put your scarf on.
If you have a cold, lack of sleep is very bad for you.
If you have a cold, you should get plenty of rest.
If you have a complaint let me hear it. There's a difference between superficial obedience and honest loyalty you know.
If you have a complaint let me hear it. There’s a difference between superficial obedience and honest loyalty you know.
If you have a complaint, why don't you tell Tom directly?
If you have a couple minutes, could you hear me out?
If you have a daughter in this country, you hope she'll meet a foreigner and go abroad.
If you have a dishwasher, load the utensils properly, handle down.
If you have a dog that adores you, you should also get a cat that ignores you.
If you have a dying thirst for water, water will always do the trick better than any other drink.
If you have a fever that won't go down, coughing and respiratory problems, wear a mask and visit a health care provider.
If you have a fever, it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away.
If you have a fever, stay in bed.
If you have a fever, you should go to the hospital right away.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
If you have a good garden, it will enhance the value of your house.
If you have a good reason for living, you can put up with almost any living situation.
If you have a good remedy for botts, you must get a botty horse somewhere and try the remedy before you submit it.
If you have a grammar problem, please download Grammarly.
If you have a gun in your hand, use the distance to your advantage.
If you have a headache, it would be better not to drink.
If you have a lot of money, you will become afraid.
If you have a lot of time, you don't have to spend money to learn a language.
If you have a male chromosome pair, you're a man.
If you have a medical certificate, bring it.
If you have a message, you have an audience. Just discover it!
If you have a minute to spare, could you help me?
If you have a minute, I'd like to talk to you about some problems.
If you have a minute, I’d like to talk to you about some problems.
If you have a minute, you might want to read this.
If you have a newborn boy, call him Tom.
If you have a persecution complex, it doesn't mean that you are not being persecuted.
If you have a phone, you should have Skype installed. They don't even charge you to use it.
If you have a positive attitude, you are looking for ways to solve the problems that you can solve, and you are letting go of the things over which you have no control.
If you have a problem with any of this, I need to know now.
If you have a problem with it, then get lost!
If you have a problem with me, let's get it out in the open.
If you have a problem with that, talk to the boss.
If you have a problem with that, we should talk about it.
If you have a problem with that, we'll try to make other arrangements.
If you have a problem with the group, take it up with the admin.
If you have a problem, ask Tom for help.
If you have a problem, talk to Tom.
If you have a question for Mary, ask her yourself.
If you have a question for Tom and Mary, ask them yourself.
If you have a question for Tom, ask him yourself.
If you have a question, please ask me.
If you have a question, please put up your hand.
If you have a question, please raise your hand.
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.
If you have a secular, public-facing job, you are obligated not to discriminate against anyone, regardless of your own religious beliefs.
If you have a teenage son or daughter, you must read it!
If you have a thought, please raise your hand.
If you have additional requests about this product, please add them to the basket, where you can leave a message. We will do our best to assist you.
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
If you have an appointment, you can meet president.
If you have an e-mail address from a telecom operator, it's probably because you don't use the competition very often.
If you have an extra umbrella, can I borrow it?
If you have an idea, go for it and just do it.
If you have an idea, go out and make it happen.
If you have an idea, write it down, or it may be gone forever. I even make notes in my passport.
If you have an immediate thirst to quench, then water does the trick better than any other drinks options.
If you have an indoor swimming pool, you're probably pretty rich.
If you have an indoor swimming pool, you’re probably pretty rich.
If you have an opinion, please say it.
If you have an umbrella, let me join you under it.
If you have any clothes that need to be washed, I'll wash them for you.
If you have any complaints, let me know, and I'll look into them.
If you have any complaints, let me know, and I’ll look into them.
If you have any difficulty, ask me for help.
If you have any doubts, ask Tom.
If you have any doubts, let me know without any hesitation.
If you have any doubts, put your hand up.
If you have any doubts, raise your hand.
If you have any free time, use it and do your homework.
If you have any ideas, I'd be happy to hear them.
If you have any information, let us know.
If you have any interesting books, lend me some.
If you have any money available, give it to me to invest somewhere.
If you have any money with you, please lend me some.
If you have any money, please lend me some.
If you have any more problems, let me know.
If you have any more questions, please don't hesitate to call.
If you have any opinions concerning traffic calming devices (humps, curb extensions, etc.) please write them.
If you have any other issues, please notify me through the form.
If you have any other questions, please feel free to ask them.
If you have any problem, just call.
If you have any problem, you can ask me.
If you have any problems with the laptop, let me know right away.
If you have any problems, I'll help.
If you have any problems, call.
If you have any problems, let me know.
If you have any problems, put in a ticket.
If you have any problems, write me.
If you have any questions about Kabylie, message me.
If you have any questions about the Berber language, write to this website.
If you have any questions about waste, please contact Tom.
If you have any questions at all, don't hesitate to ask!
If you have any questions left, feel free to ask us via email.
If you have any questions left, feel free to contact us via email.
If you have any questions or require assistance, our support team is ready to help.
If you have any questions, I am here to help.
If you have any questions, I'll try to answer them.
If you have any questions, I'm here to help.
If you have any questions, ask me.
If you have any questions, ask your teacher.
If you have any questions, call me.
If you have any questions, contact us.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to call.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask us.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask. I'll answer.
If you have any questions, feel free to call.
If you have any questions, feel free to phone me.
If you have any questions, feel free to phone us.
If you have any questions, feel free to ring me.
If you have any questions, feel free to ring us.
If you have any questions, just ask Tom.
If you have any questions, just ask.
If you have any questions, let me know.
If you have any questions, now's the time to ask.
If you have any questions, please call.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us at any time.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
If you have any questions, please feel fee to contact us at any time.
If you have any questions, please feel free to call me.
If you have any questions, please feel free to call us.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
If you have any questions, you can ask me for help.
If you have any questions, you know you can call me.
If you have any reasons for not clearing this payment, please let us know.
If you have any sense, cancel the trip.
If you have any suggestions, I would be happy to hear them.
If you have any suggestions, I'll be happy to hear them.
If you have any suggestions, please email them to me.
If you have any time available today, I'd like to talk to you.
If you have any trouble, just come to me.
If you have any trouble, please speak up.
If you have anything to say, please give me a call.
If you have anything to translate into Berber, ask Amastan.
If you have anything you want to ask, please ask.
If you have been listening, thanks for paying attention.
If you have but an hour, will you improve that hour, instead of idling it away?
If you have complaints about the taste of my cooking, you could start to make it yourself starting tomorrow.
If you have difficulty accessing information on this site, particularly if using assistive technology, please contact us and include the following information: web address of the material you tried to access, the problem you experienced, and your contact information.
If you have ever seen a "falling star", you were actually seeing a meteor.
If you have ever visited Rome, you must have seen the Coliseum.
If you have faith in God, you can control all five senses and live a peaceful, long life.
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
If you have finished, return it to me.
If you have free time tomorrow, we could eat lunch together.
If you have free time, let's do that together.
If you have free time, watch this for a little while.
If you have great resources available, grant much; if small, grant little, but willingly; because kindness liberates man from the eternal death.
If you have gum in your mouth, spit it out.
If you have high Wisdom, you can unlock new conversation options.
If you have hope, anything can come true.
If you have hope, then you'll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
If you have hope, then you’ll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
If you have hypersomnia, you might fall asleep repeatedly during the day, often at inappropriate times such as at work or during a meal.
If you have issues, put in a ticket.
If you have learnt the language of this sentence, translate it to another language.
If you have lied once you will never be believed ever again, even if you are speaking the truth.
If you have money, play; if you don't have it, steal.
If you have money, you are loved.
If you have more dreams in your soul than reality can destroy, you're truly rich.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you.
If you have no enemies, it is a sign fortune has forgotten you.
If you have no food, you've got to eat roots and insects in order to survive.
If you have no further questions, go there.
If you have no liking for modern music, you will not enjoy this concert.
If you have no other ideas, then approve this one.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won't be able to have peace of mind.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won’t be able to have peace of mind.
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done, would you tell us what it is?
If you have not yet paid this bill, please let us hear from you.
If you have nothing else to do, you could always visit Tom.
If you have nothing interesting to say, don't speak up.
If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.
If you have nothing to do, why don't you read a book?
If you have nothing to do, why not read a book?
If you have nothing to say, better say nothing.
If you have nothing to say, keep your lips sealed.
If you have nothing to say, say nothing.
If you have noticed something, please point it out.
If you have observed water sloshing back and forth in a swimming pool, bathtub, or cup of water, you may have witnessed a small-scale seiche.
If you have other problems, please send them to me through the form.
If you have pain in your chest, consult your doctor right away.
If you have pain, take a painkiller.
If you have pets, check if there are any safe food scraps to share with them.
If you have problems with Tom, just tell me.
If you have problems with low libido my suggestion is to go see a doctor or someone with expertise on this issue.
If you have problems with rats or mice, you can scare them away with ultrasound.
If you have questions about this product, call our technical support line.
If you have questions for Tom and Mary, ask them yourself.
If you have questions, ask away.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask them.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to get in touch with me!
If you have questions, don't hesitate to jump in.
If you have questions, don’t hesitate to ask.
If you have questions, let me know, otherwise, have a great day.
If you have questions, please come to my office hours.
If you have questions, you can always talk to me.
If you have rat or mouse problems, you can scare them off with ultrasound.
If you have removable burner grates, wash and dry them to keep the stovetop clean.
If you have resources such as oral histories, interviews, or publications to share, please get in touch.
If you have returned home from abroad, spend the first 14 days in your home.
If you have some free time this weekend, you should come over for a drink.
If you have some free time, let's do that together.
If you have some problems with Tom, just tell me.
If you have some questions, please refer to this guidebook.
If you have some time, check out my website.
If you have some time, which I doubt, take a look at this.
If you have some troubles, I recommend you confer with him.
If you have something against the Jews, you don't have to come here and say it.
If you have something to complain about, then get out of here!
If you have something to say to me, say it.
If you have something to say, get it out.
If you have something to say, go ahead and say it.
If you have something to say, it's better if you open your mouth and say it.
If you have something to say, just say it.
If you have something to say, please say it.
If you have something to say, say it now or pipe down.
If you have something to say, say it now.
If you have something to say, say it to my face.
If you have something to say, say it.
If you have something to tell me, say it.
If you have something you want to say, hurry up and say it!
If you have spare time, watch this for a little while.
If you have symptoms of the cold, don't have any contact with the elderly and the chronically ill and don't go out without wearing a mask.
If you have the ability to stop a killer, and you don’t, are you morally pure because you didn’t kill? Or are you morally dirty because you refused to do what needs to be done?
If you have the chance to come to Algeria, you should visit this place.
If you have the chance to go to Algeria, visit Kabylie.
If you have the desire to talk, you know where you can find me.
If you have the least problem, you can contact me by email, or if it's really urgent, come and meet me in my office.
If you have the least problem, you can contact me by email, or if it’s really urgent, come and meet me in my office.
If you have the money, then you may use it with other treatments, but the results from hypnotism alone should be plenty.
If you have the right profile, you will be able to receive a residence permit and citizenship sooner or later.
If you have the time to be whining about how it's never going to be over, then you should be able to just shut up and do it.
If you have the time you are welcome to make use of and contribute to the Tatoeba project.
If you have the time, come along with me.
If you have the time, could you come to my office at 2:30?
If you have the time, could you help?
If you have the time, could you stop by my office around 3:00?
If you have the time, why don't you come with us?
If you have the time, why not come along?
If you have the words to that song, I can translate it.
If you have time next week, please let us know.
If you have time this afternoon, why don't you come over for a while?
If you have time tomorrow, come and see me.
If you have time, come over. We can take a walk.
If you have time, come with me.
If you have time, could you translate some sentences below, please?
If you have time, drop me a line now and then.
If you have time, let's go shopping.
If you have time, let’s go shopping.
If you have time, please do that.
If you have time, please drop in on us.
If you have time, why don't you drop by his gallery?
If you have time, you should visit that new museum on Park Street.
If you have to do that, then do it as soon as you can.
If you have to do that, then do it right away.
If you have to drive, you must not drink.
If you have to fabricate the stories of your mistreatment, isn’t that itself a comment on where we are now?
If you have to gerrymander in order to stay in power, that probably means you shouldn't be in power anymore.
If you have to go, it's OK.
If you have to go, then go.
If you have to say that you're smart, are you actually smart?
If you have to tolerate me, you're missing the point entirely.
If you have to tolerate my queerness, you're missing the point entirely.
If you have too much sugar in your blood, it's called diabetes.
If you have tried to quit smoking and failed, don't let that be an obstacle. The more times you try to quit, the greater your chance of success. Maybe you weren't ready last time.
If you have trouble, let me know.
If you have truly encountered sirens, then tell me, what language do they sing in?
If you have two religions in your land, the two will cut each other's throats; but if you have thirty religions, they will dwell in peace.
If you have weak ankles, strengthen them before traveling.
If you have written the letter, I’ll post it.
If you haven't already been to the Lake District, I highly recommend you pay it a visit.
If you haven't already done so, buy one now.
If you haven't driven a bike yet, you should give it a shot.
If you haven't got a book, put your hand up.
If you haven't noticed, I've been waiting for two hours now.
If you haven't read that book, you absolutely need to read it.
If you haven't subscribed to me, then don't talk to me.
If you haven't the energy to do the washing up, get a dishwasher.
If you haven't tried the cake yet, you should. It's really delicious.
If you haven’t driven a bike yet, you should give it a shot.
If you hear anything new from him, please let me know about it.
If you hear from Jenny, could you tell her I would like to see her?
If you hear from Tom, give me a call.
If you hear him speaking French, then you can think he's from France.
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.
If you hear hoofbeats, don’t look for zebras.
If you hear the alarm, walk, don't run.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
If you heard her speaking English, you would never guess that she wasn't a native speaker.
If you heard him playing the piano, you would never think he is an eight-year-old boy.
If you heard him talk, you would suppose he was the master of the house.
If you heat ice, it melts.
If you heat water at 100 °C, it boils.
If you help him, you have to help him next time, too.
If you help me learn English, I'll help you learn Japanese.
If you help me to learn English, I'll help you to learn Japanese.
If you help me with Chinese, I'll help you with English.
If you help me with French, I'll help you with English.
If you help me with my English, I'll help you with your Japanese.
If you help me, I invite you to dinner.
If you help me, I should be able to finish this by the end of the day.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish doing this much faster.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish doing this much sooner.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish this much faster.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish this much sooner.
If you help me, I'll help you.
If you help me, I'll invite you to dinner.
If you help me, I'll try it again.
If you help me, I’ll try it again.
If you hit a patch of fog, slow down and put your blinkers on.
If you hit me, I'll hit you back.
If you hit the coffin, you'll wake up the dead person.
If you hold on a moment, I will get Jane on the phone.
If you hold your pee, you'll get cystitis.
If you hospitalise him now, he will be exposed to the virus.
If you hurl a handful of stones, at least one will hit.
If you hurry up, you will be in time.
If you hurry up, you'll make it.
If you hurry you can still make the train.
If you hurry you'll be in time for the train.
If you hurry, there still might be some choice items left for you to buy.
If you hurry, there's a chance that you can catch the bus.
If you hurry, there's a chance you can catch the bus.
If you hurry, you can catch him up.
If you hurry, you can catch up with him.
If you hurry, you can grant your luggage and get into the plane.
If you hurry, you can make it.
If you hurry, you can make the next bus.
If you hurry, you can probably catch the bus.
If you hurry, you might catch the bus.
If you hurry, you should be able to catch up with Tom.
If you hurry, you should reach him.
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
If you hurry, you will overtake him.
If you hurry, you will soon overtake her.
If you hurry, you'll be in time for the train.
If you hurry, you'll catch the bus.
If you hurry, you'll catch them.
If you hurry, you'll catch up with him.
If you hurry, you'll get there on time.
If you hurry, you’ll catch up with him.
If you hurt Tom, it is like you are hurting me too.
If you hurt her you'll have to deal with me.
If you hurt her, I'll kill you.
If you hurt her, I’ll kill you.
If you hurt him, I'll cut your balls off.
If you hurt me, you'll learn about what happens.
If you hurt my brother, I'll kill you.
If you hurt other people, you hurt yourself too.
If you ignore the past, you jeopardize the future.
If you implicate me, I'm warning you, I won't go down alone.
If you increase the temperature, the compound will crystallize.
If you inform yourself about everything, you'll grow old soon.
If you inhale the exhaust, you'll be dead in no time.
If you insist on bringing something, then please – just a flower.
If you insist on doing it that way, I'm not going to help you.
If you insist on going alone, go.
If you insist on going alone, please do so.
If you insist on staying in your comfort zone, you won't go very far.
If you insist, I'll have another drink.
If you insist, I'll stay here.
If you insist, I’ll have another drink.
If you insist, I’ll stay.
If you insist.
If you insult Layla again, I'm going to knock your teeth in.
If you intend to win, you should do your best.
If you interrupt a human's activities, it is likely to become aggressive.
If you intervene, they will also intervene.
If you invite Tom, he'll probably come.
If you invite him, he may come.
If you invite him, he'll probably come.
If you invite them, they will ruin the party.
If you invited Tom, he'll definitely come.
If you invited Tom, he'll definitely show up.
If you invited him, he might come.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
If you join the special forces, my father won't talk to you anymore.
If you join the special forces, you will not be my son anymore.
If you join this club, you will be entitled to use all of its facilities.
If you join, let me know and I'll go with you to one of the classes.
If you jumbled "Tokyo", you could get "Kyoto".
If you jump the queue you'll be asked to go to the end of the line.
If you jump too soon, you won't go very far.
If you just crouch a little, her crotch can just be seen flicking in and out of sight.
If you just crouch a little, the signal flag can just be seen flicking in and out of sight.
If you just give me a chance, I'll show you what I can do.
If you just listen to what the teacher says, you'll be able to become a good student.
If you just put a little bit of cumin on the kebab, it'll be really delicious.
If you just work a little harder your grades will improve a lot.
If you just work hard, your grades will improve a lot.
If you just write a zero in this number's ones' place, it'll be correct.
If you keep arriving late, I'm taking it off your paycheck.
If you keep at it you will eventually succeed.
If you keep at it, you will eventually succeed.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you’ll get thrown out.
If you keep creeping along like a turtle, we'll never reach the goal.
If you keep doing that, Tom will get angry.
If you keep doing that, Tom will get mad.
If you keep doing things like that, you'll be hated by everyone.
If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll end up in jail.
If you keep dwelling in the past, we really don't have a future together.
If you keep early hours, you may always be fresh as a daisy in the morning.
If you keep eating like that, you're going to get fat.
If you keep eating like this your body will burst open.
If you keep fish in a fish bowl, you should change the water at least once a week.
If you keep going off on tangents we'll never get out of here.
If you keep harassing people like that, you'll be punished.
If you keep harping on his flaws, he'll grow to resent you.
If you keep on complaining, I will get mad for real.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be drunk very soon.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be ill.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be sick.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll get ill.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll get sick.
If you keep on drinking like that, you’ll be drunk very soon.
If you keep on drinking like that, you’ll get sick.
If you keep on drinking so much, you might end up becoming an alcoholic.
If you keep on endlessly complaining, I will get angry.
If you keep on like this, you'll probably live to reach 120!
If you keep on like this, you’ll probably live to reach 120!
If you keep on misbehaving, you'll be slapped out of your body by me sooner or later.
If you keep on playing with fire, believe me, one of those days you'll burn.
If you keep pestering me, I'll send you overboard to chum the water with your useless guts!
If you keep playing with fire you must expect to get burnt.
If you keep playing with fire, expect to get burned.
If you keep practicing, you'll get better at it.
If you keep practicing, you'll soon get the feel of it.
If you keep practising, you'll get better.
If you keep rubbing that, the coating will wear away.
If you keep saying it you'll eventually kid yourself into believing it.
If you keep saying senseless things, you'll eventually be sorry for it.
If you keep spending money like that, you'll be broke before you know it.
If you keep studying French, you'll eventually get better.
If you keep talking dirty, I will ban you.
If you keep the engine running, you might be able to hear what's up with it.
If you keep the small rules, you can break the big ones.
If you keep this up, I'll get angry.
If you keep trying hard enough, success will come eventually.
If you keep trying, you will make progress.
If you keep trying, you'll get better at it.
If you keep using that posture, you'll become a hunchback.
If you keep your emotions bottled up you'll only end up hurting yourself.
If you keep your emotions bottled up you’ll only end up hurting yourself.
If you keep your grades up, you'll get into a good university.
If you kept your mouth shut, you wouldn't be blurting out so much crap.
If you kick it, it will bite you.
If you kick the door, you might make a hole in it.
If you kill Tom, I'll kill you.
If you kill me, my brothers will kill you.
If you kill the dog, you'll go to prison.
If you kill yourself, I'll kill you.
If you kill, I'll find you.
If you knew about this, why didn't you tell us?
If you knew all the circumstances I am sure that you would forgive me.
If you knew all the different ways to pronounce "hamburger" in Belgium, it would amuse you greatly.
If you knew astronomy, you would know that this world is just a small planet.
If you knew how important a decision that was, you wouldn't make it so lightly.
If you knew how much I hate you!
If you knew how much I love you!
If you knew how tired I am!
If you knew me, you would know what I want.
If you knew more about magic, you would understand why it couldn't be done.
If you knew more about magic, you'd understand why it isn't possible.
If you knew more about magic, you'd understand why this isn't possible.
If you knew that somehow I was in trouble, ...
If you knew the truth, you'd be surprised.
If you knew the truth, you’d be surprised.
If you knew what I knew, you wouldn't be so complacent.
If you knew what happened.
If you knew where we were.
If you knew you were going to be stranded on a desert island, what three things would you bring?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, how would you live today?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what would you do?
If you knew, you would tell me, wouldn't you?
If you knew, you'd tell me, right?
If you knew, you'd tell me, wouldn't you?
If you knock on the coffin, you will wake the dead.
If you knock three times, Tom will let you in.
If you know Hungarian and Hungarian history, you can think like a Hungarian.
If you know Spanish well, you'll have no problems with looking for a job. But some with finding one.
If you know a lot, you can become anyone.
If you know anybody who might be interested in this, feel free to pass it along.
If you know anyone who might be interested in this, feel free to pass it along.
If you know her, tell her that.
If you know how to do it better than me, just go ahead and do it alone.
If you know how to fix it, you definitely should do so.
If you know how to operate in any environment, you just might have savoir faire.
If you know how to read this sentence, you know how to read.
If you know it's bad for you, why do you keep doing it?
If you know it, you know it.
If you know one woman, you know them all. If you know a hundred, you don't know any of them.
If you know she's looking at you, that's because you're looking at her, too.
If you know someone who wants to learn Berber, please share this link with them.
If you know something about this, please tell me.
If you know that something unpleasant will happen, that you will go to the dentist for example, or to France, then that is not good.
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
If you know the words, then feel free to sing along.
If you know what is good for you, you will obey my commands.
If you know what needs to be done, go ahead and do it.
If you know what needs to be done, please go ahead and do it.
If you know what's good for you, you'll quit doing that.
If you know what's happening, why won't you tell me?
If you know what’s good for you, you’ll quit doing that.
If you know where Tom and Mary are, tell me.
If you know where Tom and Mary live, tell me.
If you know where Tom is, tell me.
If you know where Tom lives, tell me.
If you know who killed Tom, you should tell the police.
If you know you're not going to be able to make rent next month, then you really need to tighten your belt.
If you know, you know.
If you laugh a great deal, you are happy; if you cry a great deal, you are unhappy.
If you lay a finger on me, I'll break your arm.
If you lay the table, I'll cook.
If you lay the table, I'll get dinner ready.
If you learn Berber, it'll open you up doors.
If you learn Berber, you can meet interesting people.
If you learn Berber, you'll have a deeper knowledge of North Africa.
If you learn Berber, you're not gonna lose your Arabic.
If you learn Chinese well, you can go study in China.
If you learn English at all, learn it thoroughly.
If you learn Klingon, you can answer the phone in it when telemarketers call.
If you learn a language like children, you are a successful learner.
If you learn five new English words a day, that's 1,825 words a year, and 182,620 words in one hundred years that you can learn.
If you learn from the mistakes of others, you don't need to make so many mistakes yourself.
If you learn how to do card tricks you'll always be the life of the party.
If you learn how to do card tricks you’ll always be the life of the party.
If you learn how to do this, you could impress your friends.
If you learn how to read cats' body language, it's actually quite pleasant to interact with them.
If you learn how to use natural ingredients available around you, you can easily refresh an old, tired T-shirt, or a scarf, or a sheet and give it a new life instead of throwing them away.
If you learn more, you earn more.
If you learn, you will know.
If you leave a deposit, I can put that camera on reserve for you.
If you leave any leftovers in the fridge, your brother will eat them by the time we wake up.
If you leave it for too long, it will congeal.
If you leave it to him, it'll be all right.
If you leave it to him, it’ll be all right.
If you leave it up to others to deal with all the things that you don't know how to do, you'll never learn how to do these things yourself.
If you leave me, I'll be sad.
If you leave me, I'll kill myself.
If you leave me, my life will be nothing.
If you leave now, I'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam.
If you leave now, I’m sure you’ll be caught in a traffic jam.
If you leave now, you'll arrive before six.
If you leave now, you'll arrive in time.
If you leave now, you'll be in Boston by tomorrow evening.
If you leave now, you'll get there on time.
If you leave right away, you should get there in time.
If you leave right now, you should get there in time.
If you leave right now, you'll be in time for the plane for sure.
If you leave that there, someone might steal it.
If you leave that there, someone might trip over it.
If you leave the window open, the rain will come in.
If you leave them alone, they'll leave you alone.
If you leave them lying on the desk they may roll off, so stand them in the test-tube rack.
If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they'll get confiscated.
If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they’ll get confiscated.
If you leave, I'll kill myself.
If you leave, I'll tell all the world you fondle me while I sleep.
If you leave, everyone else will leave, too.
If you leave, everyone will go with you.
If you left now, it would have disastrous consequences.
If you left now, the consequences would be devastating.
If you left one day, I'd be sad.
If you left, everyone would go with you.
If you lend Robert any money, you can kiss it goodbye.
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
If you lend your money to your friend, you will lose your money and your friend.
If you let go of the reins, the horse might run away.
If you let me, I can help you.
If you let the engine run, you might be able to hear what the problem is.
If you let them in, I'll kill you myself.
If you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.
If you lie down with dogs, you will get up with fleas.
If you lie down with dogs, you'll get up with fleas.
If you lie to me, I'll know.
If you lie, I'll punish you.
If you lie, your tongue will be split in two!
If you lift that candlestick, it'll move the bookcase and grant us access to the cellar.
If you like "Oz," maybe read "Color Terms in Pama-Nyungan Languages."
If you like "Oz," maybe read the thesis "Pama-Nyungan Morphosyntax: Lineages of early description."
If you like "Oz," maybe you will like the article "Multiple Case-Marking in Australian Languages."
If you like "Oz," you may like the article "What does Jukurrpa ('Dreamtime', 'Dreaming') mean? A semantic and conceptual journey of discovery."
If you like Dan, translate his sentences.
If you like First Nations, maybe read the article "Complex predicate-argument relations in Bella Coola."
If you like First Nations, maybe read the article "Semantic Motivations for Split Intransitivity in Haida."
If you like Japanese history and linguistics, maybe read the dissertation "Tense and Aspect in Old Japanese: Synchronic, Diachronic, and Typological Perspectives."
If you like July, you'll love August.
If you like Lojban, maybe read the research paper "Lojban as a Machine Translation Interlanguage in the Pacific."
If you like Lojban, maybe read the research paper "Lojban as a Tool for Encoding Prose on the Semantic Web."
If you like Russian, maybe read the dissertation "Russian Lyric Diction: A practical guide with introduction and annotations and a bibliography with annotations on selected sources."
If you like Tom so much, why not break up with me and date him?
If you like adventure, come with us.
If you like anthropology, maybe the document "To what extent did Neanderthals and modern humans interact?" would interest you.
If you like astrobiology, maybe read the article "A more comprehensive habitable zone for finding life on other planets."
If you like astrobiology, maybe read the document "Venus’ Spectral Signatures and the Potential for Life in the Clouds."
If you like astrobiology, maybe read the paper "Europa’s Crust and Ocean: Origin, Composition, and the Prospects for Life."
If you like astrobiology, maybe read the paper "Exoplanet Biosignatures: Future Directions."
If you like astrobiology, maybe read the research paper "Habitability of Enceladus: Planetary Conditions for Life."
If you like astronomy, maybe read the article "Nomadic Exoplanets and the NASA Strategic Vision for 2050."
If you like astronomy, maybe read the article "On the Galaxy Motions in Laniakea Supercluster."
If you like astronomy, maybe read the article "The Laniakea supercluster of galaxies."
If you like astronomy, maybe read the paper "Ongoing hydrothermal activities within Enceladus."
If you like beer, you might like wine.
If you like controversy, maybe read the article "Linguistic Evidence for a Prehistoric Polynesia—Southern California Contact Event."
If you like cosmology, maybe read the article "Is the Future already Present? The Special Theory of Relativity and the Block Universe View."
If you like cosmology, maybe read the document "Inter-universal entanglement in a cyclic multiverse."
If you like creoles, maybe read the article "The genesis of Chavacano revisited and solved."
If you like creoles, maybe read the dissertation "Tense, Aspect and Modality in a Radical Creole: The Case of Saamáka."
If you like creoles, maybe read the document "Variation and Change in Virgin Islands Dutch Creole: Tense, Modality and Aspect."
If you like dessert, you'll love Grandma's Kitchen!
If you like dessert, you’ll love Grandma’s Kitchen!
If you like her, then get ready!
If you like here, stay for a few more days.
If you like him, then get ready!
If you like him, you can have him.
If you like honey, don't be afraid of bees.
If you like it then get ready!
If you like it, I'll give you the recipe.
If you like it, buy it.
If you like it, just buy it.
If you like it, you can keep it!
If you like linguistic controversy, maybe read the article "Toward a Comparative Japanese-Austronesian I," which demonstrates that Japanese is cognate with the Austronesian language family.
If you like physics, maybe read the article "Toward a Quantum Theory of Tachyon Fields."
If you like punk rock, you'll probably like Tom's band.
If you like roses, get used to thorns.
If you like seafood, you've come to the right place!
If you like seafood, you’ve come to the right place!
If you like this one, you can have it.
If you like to be in the dirt like a dog, I don't judge.
If you like to listen, you will learn; if you incline your ear, you will be wise.
If you like to talk to tomatoes, have we got a psychiatric hospital for you.
If you like xenobiology or astrobiology, maybe read the document "Is defining life pointless? Operational definitions at the frontiers of Biology."
If you like your cheeks so much, my dear, even the dog has them.
If you like, I can buy that for you.
If you like, I can do that for you.
If you like, I can get Tom to take care of it.
If you like, I can get Tom to take care of that.
If you like, I can give him your mobile phone number.
If you like, I will teach you to play chess.
If you like, I'd listen to you.
If you like, I'll heat it up for you.
If you like, I'll tell you about what happened to Tom.
If you like, you can take my car.
If you like, you can use milk instead of water in this recipe.
If you like.
If you liked the video, then please remember to smash that "like" button. Also, for the algorithm, consider leaving a comment. It isn't much, of course, but it helps. Oh, and if you're feeling generous, you could always subscribe, in which case you should also tap the "bell" icon to enable notifications. Oh, and I almost forgot—I also have a Patreon that you might consider supporting for as little as two dollars a month.
If you limit yourself to doing only what you already know, you will never learn anything new.
If you listen carefully to my instructions, it'll save you some time.
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.
If you listen closely enough you’ll be able to hear it.
If you listen inside yourself, what do you hear?
If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing.
If you listen to a lot of music, it gradually seeps into your consciousness or your unconsciousness and comes out in your music.
If you listen to foreign language songs, feel tunes nice, but do not understand the lyrics, then you can not say you like this song, can only say that like the tune.
If you listen to great music even the most common things become something magnificent.
If you listen to the lyrics, you'll realize that they don't say anything.
If you listen to the most toxic elements of a fandom, you end up with a movie like The Rise of Skywalker.
If you listen, you can hear her breathing.
If you live abroad and claim you're French or Canadian, then why do you want to divide Algeria and have a piece of it? Kabylie has always been and will always remain Algerian. If you want your own independent country, then just ask France or Canada to give you some land from their own national territories and set up your state there.
If you live always taking easy way, you'll become like me.
If you live at a higher altitude, water boils at a lower temperature.
If you live deep in a forest, don't watch scary movies.
If you live in Algeria, then I definitely recommend that you buy and use BMS light switches.
If you live in Algeria, you know how hot it gets.
If you live in Algeria, you know what I'm talking about.
If you live in Australia, you can buy from us through this link.
If you live in Boston, you probably already know that.
If you live in California, learning French is impractical.
If you live in Central Algiers, you can do without a car.
If you live in Tornado Alley, you should invest in a storm shelter.
If you live in hell, then don't argue with the devil!
If you live in peace too long, you forget the real possibility of war.
If you live in the water, do not feud with the fishes.
If you live life cutting corners, it'll come back to bite you someday.
If you live like that, you'll get sick.
If you live near the ocean, please learn to swim and teach your children to swim.
If you live near water, you should teach your children to swim.
If you live to seek revenge, better dig a grave for two.
If you live with wolves, you must howl like one.
If you live with wolves, you must howl like them.
If you live with wolves, you will howl like one.
If you live your life by taking into account other people's opinions of you, it simply means you're not living life the right way.
If you live, our heritage lives on.
If you lived here, you'd be home by now.
If you lived in your carriage, you'd be home by now.
If you load too much weight in this box, it's going to blow up.
If you load your donkey like that, it won't budge.
If you loan me money, I'll be grateful to you.
If you loiter here much longer, people will think you're up to something.
If you look after your clothes, they last a lot longer.
If you look around, you'll see many people doing the same thing.
If you look around, you’ll see many people doing the same thing.
If you look at a map of the world's volcanoes, you'll find that most of them form along the boundaries of this great system. In fact, the global mid-ocean ridge system forms the largest single volcanic feature on the Earth.
If you look at children, children are almost, and I, and I would almost say, definitely, but almost immune from this disease. So few, if it got stronger, hard to believe. And I don’t know how you feel about it, but they have much stronger immune systems than we do somehow for this. And, they do it. They, they don’t have a problem. They just don't have a problem.
If you look at the individual letters of a word long enough, it stops becoming intelligible.
If you look at the lyrics, they don't really mean much.
If you look at the lyrics, they don’t really mean much.
If you look at the security camera footage closely, there's a person there.
If you look at the song's lyrics, they really don't mean much.
If you look at the song’s lyrics, they really don’t mean much.
If you look at welding for a long time, then after you can't look at anything for a long time.
If you look carefully at the options, you’ll see that the quality of the leather is matchless.
If you look carefully, you'll find some insects.
If you look carefully, you'll see that the box has a false bottom.
If you look carefully, you’ll find some insects.
If you look carefully, you’ll see that the box has a false bottom.
If you look closely, you don't see anything.
If you look closely, you don’t see anything.
If you look closely, you'll see the man we're looking for.
If you look closer at the sky, it looks like rain.
If you look deep enough into my eyes, you'll see the reflection of the Devil inside of me.
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music.
If you look deep into my eyes, you'll see the Devil looking straight at you.
If you look from afar, most things will look nice.
If you look hard enough, you'll find what you're looking for.
If you look here, you'll see it.
If you look in the right place, you'll probably find it.
If you look out of the window, you'll notice that it seems to have been raining for quite a while during the night.
If you look over there, you can see a defunct water tower.
If you look over there, you will see a human in its natural habitat.
If you look to your right, you'll see the city of Boston. Or you can look to the left, if you'd rather not see it.
If you look to your right, you'll see the sea.
If you look up at the starry sky, you'll find many bats on the wing, making not a sound. You can't quite make them out, but, from the way the stars disappear moment by moment, you can sense their eerily flying about.
If you look up, you'll see ornate decorations all over the vault of the church.
If you look, you'll notice that he's turning left.
If you looked up in the dictionary the word honest, Yanni's picture would be beside it.
If you lose you have to pay the pledge, which means you have to suck my dick.
If you lose your passport, call the embassy.
If you lose your way, ask a policeman.
If you lot are frustrated then go out and get yourselves a man　Keigo Ootsuki isn't the only guy around, is he?!　Anyway, he's not even that much of a man, is he!?
If you love Berber so much, why aren't you writing in it?
If you love Jesus, be like Jesus.
If you love Tatoeba, then marry it!
If you love Tom, tell him so.
If you love each other, then I'll give you Layla's hand in marriage.
If you love ice cream so much, why don't you marry it?
If you love it here, stay here.
If you love knowledge, you will be a master of knowledge.
If you love me as I love you, nothing but death can part us two.
If you love me, love my dog, too.
If you love me, you must also love my dog.
If you love me, you should love my dog, too.
If you love me, you will understand my need for time alone.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
If you love the Berber language, go to Algeria.
If you love this content, please consider a donation.
If you love truth, those who love falsehood will turn away from you.
If you lower the price, I might buy it.
If you lower the price, I'll buy it.
If you lowered the price, I'd consider buying it.
If you made Mennad angry, he would yell at you.
If you made a mistake, then overcome your shame, try to expiate your fault.
If you made it to end of the video, I really appreciate your support.
If you mail it by 7:00 p.m., it'll arrive tomorrow.
If you mail it by seven PM, it will arrive tomorrow.
If you make a mess on the floor, use a mop or a cloth to clean it.
If you make a mess with spices, take the time to clean it up.
If you make a mess, clean it up.
If you make a mistake, don't be afraid to admit it.
If you make a mistake, give yourself a break and try again.
If you make a mistake, give yourself some time and try again.
If you make a mistake, just cross it out neatly.
If you make a mistake, you pay the penalty.
If you make a promise, you should keep it.
If you make a study plan, you can make progress efficiently.
If you make fewer mistakes than a native speaker, do you still talk like one?
If you make fun of our company again, we certainly won’t be polite to you.
If you make it cheaper, I'll buy it.
If you make it on your own time, it's yours.
If you make me angry, I'll handcuff you.
If you make new friends, don't forget the old ones.
If you make too many, we won't be able to sell them all, so don't get carried away.
If you make too many, we won't be able to sell them all, so don't go wild.
If you make too many, we won’t be able to sell them all, so don’t go wild.
If you make your bed, you've got to lie in it.
If you make your body very pleasant, we call this health and pleasure. If you make your mind very pleasant, we call this happiness and joy. If you make your emotions very pleasant, we call this love and compassion. If you make your life-energy very pleasant, we call this blissfulness and ecstasy.
If you make your design more intuitive, your app will get better app store ratings.
If you make your own clothes, it will save you money.
If you manage to pull it off, I'll be really impressed.
If you manage to translate this sentence without visualizing pink elephants dancing in bikinis, you win a cookie.
If you managed to reconstruct an ancestor of Hungarian and Turkish using the comparative method, and it held up to scrutiny, it would be welcomed by the scholarly community.
If you marry Tom, you'll be sorry.
If you marry a chicken, follow the chicken; if you marry a dog, follow the dog.
If you marry me, you'll make me the happiest man in the world.
If you massively increase CEO pay while ignoring the workers, don't be surprised when you have a strike on your hands.
If you mate a horse with an ass you will get a mule.
If you may come home for Christmas? I don't know, I'll mention it to my wife and I'll tell you.
If you may come to our house for Christmas ? I don't know, I'll mention it to my wife and I'll tell you.
If you mean to go to Australia, let's go together.
If you mean us, we're not tired.
If you meet a vagrant or a beggar, it's good to give them some money.
If you meet a zombie at night, you will have a heart attack.
If you meet an interpreter from Danish to Maltese, marry her immediately.
If you meet her tell her to come get it.
If you meet the Buddha on the road, kill him.
If you meet the Orleanu sisters, invite them to Ruxandra's birthday. And don't forget their brother.
If you meet the Orleanu sisters, invite them to Ruxandra’s birthday. And don’t forget their brother.
If you meet those who say, "Give the cat some oil," tell them to lubricate your back with about seven spoonfuls in order to get up and go to work.
If you memorize 5 English words a day, you'll be able to memorize 1,825 words in a year and 182,620 words in 100 years.
If you mention New Year in China, the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together.
If you mess with Matthew, that's the wrong button to press.
If you mess with drugs, you're asking for trouble.
If you mess with drugs, you’re asking for trouble.
If you mess-up it can't be redone, so don't mess-up!
If you mess-up it can’t be redone, so don’t mess-up!
If you misbehave, you will not get anything.
If you miss the first button hole, you won't succeed at buttoning.
If you miss this flight, you'd never get to see Dad.
If you mix all three colors, you will get black.
If you mix blue and red, the result is purple.
If you mix blue and red, you get violet.
If you mix blue and red, you'll get purple.
If you mix blue and yellow, what colour do you get?
If you mix blue and yellow, which colour do you get?
If you mix hydrochloric acid with sodium hydroxide, you get water and table salt. Could you drink that without a second thought?
If you mix it in, it'll mask the flavor.
If you move a step, and you will be a dead man.
If you move from one borough to another within the city, please submit a notification of the change.
If you move, I'll blow your brains out.
If you move, I'll kill you.
If you move, I'll shoot you.
If you move, you will catch on fire.
If you move, you'll be killed.
If you move, you'll be shot.
If you must kill, kill an elephant and if you must rob, rob a treasury.
If you must know, we're going to a party.
If you must pause, breathe deeply and calm your nerves.
If you must, you must.
If you need Tom's help, call him.
If you need Vietnamese learning books, please contact me.
If you need Vietnamese self-learning books, please contact me.
If you need a break, just let me know.
If you need a change of pace, why don't you come for a visit?
If you need a change of pace, why don’t you come for a visit?
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.
If you need a dictionary, I'll lend you an old one that I have.
If you need a dictionary, I’ll lend you an old one that I have.
If you need a flashlight, you can use this one.
If you need a fountain pen, I will lend you one.
If you need a friend, I'll be there.
If you need a friend, I'm here.
If you need a friend, buy a dog.
If you need a friend, get a dog.
If you need a hand tomorrow, give me a call.
If you need a hand tomorrow, text me.
If you need a pen, I can lend you one.
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
If you need a pen, I’ll lend you one.
If you need a pencil, I can lend you one.
If you need a phone but can't get to the store, send off for it.
If you need a ride, I could come and get you.
If you need a torch, you can take this one.
If you need advice, don't hesitate to ask for it.
If you need an outlet, I will always be there to listen.
If you need an umbrella I'll lend you one.
If you need an umbrella I’ll lend you one.
If you need an umbrella, I can lend you one.
If you need an umbrella, I'll lend you mine.
If you need an umbrella, I'll loan you mine.
If you need any help just ask me.
If you need any help with your project, William is the person to ask.
If you need any help, I'm here for you.
If you need any help, ask me.
If you need any help, call me.
If you need any help, let me know.
If you need any help, we're here.
If you need any money, I'll lend you some.
If you need any money, I’ll lend you some.
If you need anything at all, just let me know.
If you need anything else, let me know.
If you need anything, I hope you'll give me a call.
If you need anything, I'm here.
If you need anything, ask for me.
If you need anything, ask the chambermaid.
If you need anything, call me.
If you need anything, don't hesitate to call.
If you need anything, just ask.
If you need anything, just call.
If you need anything, just gimme a holla.
If you need anything, just give me a holler.
If you need anything, let me know.
If you need anything, please ask him.
If you need anything, please call.
If you need anything, ring my bell any time. I'll be glad to help you.
If you need anything, ring my bell any time. I’ll be glad to help you.
If you need anything, send me an e-mail or call me.
If you need anything, you can call, alright?
If you need books, make the most of the books in the library.
If you need books, you should make use of the library's.
If you need help moving your piano, just ask.
If you need help, I can help you.
If you need help, I'll help you.
If you need help, I'm here.
If you need help, all you have to do is call.
If you need help, feel free to call me.
If you need help, feel free to call us.
If you need help, just ask.
If you need help, let me know.
If you need help, please let me know.
If you need help, say so.
If you need help, take a private class with Professor Wilson.
If you need help, tell me.
If you need help, you can always call me.
If you need help, you can reach out for us.
If you need her, phone her.
If you need her, ring her.
If you need him, call him.
If you need instructions on how to get through the game levels, then you're a damned noob!
If you need instructions, check out the enclosed instruction book. If you need instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book, check out the enclosed instructions on how to get instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book. If you need instructions on how to check out the enclosed instructions, check out the instructions on how to get instructions on how to check out the enclosed instructions on how to get instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book. Thank you.
If you need it, I'll lend it to you.
If you need it, I'll lend you it.
If you need large-sized garbage collection, then you can rely on our company. We will deal with it cheaply, and at a higher speed than anywhere else.
If you need me for anything, text me.
If you need me to clarify something, please let me know.
If you need me to do something, just say so.
If you need me to do that, I will.
If you need me to, I'll come.
If you need me to, I'll help you.
If you need me, I can be reached on my mobile.
If you need me, I will come over immediately.
If you need me, I'll be in my office.
If you need me, I'll be in my room.
If you need me, I'll be somewhere around.
If you need me, I'll come over immediately.
If you need me, I'll come over right away.
If you need me, I'm in my room.
If you need me, I’ll be somewhere around.
If you need me, call me.
If you need me, call.
If you need me, give me a call.
If you need me, let me know.
If you need me, ring the bell.
If you need me, you can reach me on my mobile.
If you need me, you know where you can find me.
If you need money for lunch, I'll lend you some.
If you need money, I can lend you some.
If you need money, I could lend you some.
If you need money, I will lend it to you.
If you need money, I'll lend you some.
If you need money, I’ll lend you some.
If you need money, then why don't you get a job?
If you need more information, we are happy to send it.
If you need more room on the screen, you can toggle the sidebar off.
If you need more time, I can wait.
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.
If you need my help doing that, just ask.
If you need my help, I'll help you.
If you need my help, I'm here for you.
If you need my help, all you have to do is ask.
If you need my help, call me.
If you need my help, just ask.
If you need my help, let me know.
If you need my help, please let me know.
If you need my homework, I'll stop by your house and give it to you when I'm done.
If you need my homework, I’ll stop by your house and give it to you when I’m done.
If you need some help with that, let me know.
If you need some help, just inquire the higher ranking official.
If you need some money, why don't you borrow some from your mother?
If you need some money, why don’t you borrow some from your mother?
If you need some more practice, our study needs a good clean out!
If you need someone to practice French with, I can hook you up with my friend Tom.
If you need someone to talk to, I'm always here.
If you need someone to talk to, I'm here.
If you need someone to talk to, call me.
If you need something for a dressy party, don't waste your time looking in a department store.
If you need something or want to talk, feel free to call.
If you need something, just ask Tom, OK?
If you need something, just call me.
If you need something, just call.
If you need them, phone them.
If you need them, ring them.
If you need this pen, I'll lend it to you.
If you need to access Wikipedia today to complete your homework, you're out of luck, unless you speak a foreign language.
If you need to blame someone, blame Tom and me.
If you need to borrow some money, let me know.
If you need to cry, just cry.
If you need to do that, then do it.
If you need to go off-line, that is fine.
If you need to leave, then leave.
If you need to quench your thirst, water will always get your water fix fixed faster than any other drink.
If you need to reach out to him, you can send me a text.
If you need to sit down, sit down.
If you need to sleep, go ahead.
If you need to talk to someone, call me any time you want.
If you need to use the services of a company, you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them.
If you need us, we'll be here.
If you needed money you should've told me.
If you never do anything, you never become anyone.
If you never existed, I would never have existed.
If you never felt depressed, then you wouldn't be human.
If you never make predictions, you can never make a wrong one.
If you never start writing, there's no way you can learn.
If you no longer believe what comes from She-who-must-be-obeyed, what will you believe?
If you no longer believe what comes from Supreme Army Command, what will you believe?
If you notice a funky smell in the fridge, investigate and clean it out.
If you notice a spill in the fridge, clean it up immediately to prevent odors.
If you notice a trash can is full, empty it.
If you notice any food scraps stuck to dishes or utensils, wash them off thoroughly.
If you notice any issues with the stereo, let me know immediately.
If you notice any issues, let me know right away.
If you notice any outdated or spoiled food in the pantry, throw it away.
If you notice any sticky spots, clean them thoroughly.
If you notice any suspicious activity or unattended items, please report it to airport personnel.
If you notice anything unusual, contact your supervisor.
If you notice trash on the floor, pick it up and throw it away.
If you notice your client's home is exceptionally messy, notify your supervisor.
If you noticed, he never asked about us.
If you noticed, since they left, they haven't returned.
If you often go on vacation, it is better to take out comprehensive travel insurance.
If you often think of yourself as a saint, you may simply be a prig.
If you only associate with your own kind, your ideas will never expand.
If you only drink this juice for a few days, you'll get better.
If you only drink this juice for a few days, you’ll get better.
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
If you only have the B antigen, your blood is type B.
If you only knew how dear the evenings near Moscow are to me!
If you only knew how hard we worked to give you this food, you wouldn't say that.
If you only knew how much I love you.
If you only knew how much of a nuisance you are!
If you only knew what kind of a situation I am in.
If you only like democracy when it goes your way, you don't actually like democracy.
If you only listen to the testimony of the victim you can't understand the full story of the incident.
If you open that door, you might not be able to get it closed again.
If you open the window, bugs will come in.
If you open the window, insects will come in.
If you open the window, you need to remember to close it.
If you open the windows, bugs will come in.
If you open the windows, insects will come in.
If you open this door, you'll come into the garden.
If you opened this window, you would hear the children laughing while playing in the garden behind the house.
If you order me to stay to do that, I'll obey.
If you order tonkatsu at that place, it also comes with a mountain of cabbage.
If you outlaw guns, only cops will have guns.
If you oversleep, you'll end up hungry.
If you oversleep, you’ll end up hungry.
If you owe the bank $100, that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
If you owe your bank manager a thousand pounds, you are at his mercy. If you owe him a million pounds, he is at your mercy.
If you oxidise an alcohol you get an aldehyde but what do you get if you oxidise an aldehyde?
If you paid attention, you'd be worried too.
If you paint it yellow, you'll kill two birds with one stone: it'll stand out, and you'll save money because you can use paint you already have.
If you paint it yellow, you’ll kill two birds with one stone: it’ll stand out, and you’ll save money because you can use paint you already have.
If you panic, you aren't much of a help.
If you park here, your car will get towed.
If you park this way, I will not be able to get out of the car.
If you park your car here, it'll get towed away.
If you park your car here, you'll get towed.
If you participate in a decathlon you'll be throwing a discus at some point.
If you participate in a decathlon you’ll be throwing a discus at some point.
If you participate in genocide or eugenics you will be castrated.
If you pass one night without sleep you'll pass ten without rest.
If you pass the exam, how about we go to the bar to drink beer?
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.
If you pay attention to your foreign friends, you may be surprised that their customs and habits are different from yours.
If you pay attention, he never asked how we were doing.
If you pay attention, they haven't returned since they departed.
If you pay for my ticket then we will be quits.
If you pay me the entrance fee, we'll call it even.
If you pay me, I'll do it.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
If you peep into a Samoan house at midnight, you will see five or six low oblong tents pitched (or rather strung up) here and there throughout the house.
If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison someone by mistake, you wouldn't joke about it.
If you permit me to speak, I can explain everything.
If you persist in bothering her like that, she'll lose her temper.
If you persist in bothering her like that, she’ll lose her temper.
If you pick up some money, you need to bring it to the police, even if it's just a single yen.
If you pick up the velvet, you can feel how soft it is.
If you pick up this power-up, you will deal quadruple damage.
If you pig out every day, you're sure to gain too much weight.
If you pig out every day, you’re sure to gain too much weight.
If you piss on the toilet seat, wipe it off!
If you plagiarise my sentences, then I will plagiarise yours.
If you plan to do that, let us know.
If you plan to shoplift, let us know.
If you plan to steal, let us know.
If you plan well, you can spend less time doing unnecessary things and get the work done faster.
If you plant an apple seed, it might grow into a tree.
If you play chess, you know that a pawn can earn the right to become a bishop, a knight, a rook or a queen.
If you play like that, you'll be checkmated in ten moves.
If you play soccer with a psychopath, kick him in the kidneys when the chance presents itself. The less idiotic psychopaths in the world the better.
If you play sports, you'll get in shape.
If you play with fire, you get burned.
If you play with fire, you risk getting burned.
If you play with fire, you'll get burned.
If you play with fire, you're going to get burned.
If you poison us, do we not die?
If you pour Tom another drink, I'm sure he'll drink it.
If you pour a lot of dressing on your salad, it cancels out some of the healthiness of the salad itself.
If you pour boiling water into the glass, it may crack.
If you pour hot water into a glass, it might crack.
If you practice a lot, your French will improve.
If you practice archaeology, you should make sure to have the right tools for digging.
If you practice doing that every day, you'll get better at it.
If you practice, your French will improve.
If you practiced meditation, you wouldn't feel so impatient. You're a typical Westerner.
If you pray five times a day, you can't do as much evil.
If you prefer a peaceful life, seek a like-minded spouse.
If you prefer not to come in, I don't mind.
If you prefer not to come in, it's OK.
If you press "save", the download will start.
If you press the nose, the mouth opens.
If you press this button the window opens automatically.
If you press this button, the machine will start.
If you press this button, the window opens automatically.
If you pressed that button, the engine would stop.
If you pretend to be good, the world takes you very seriously. If you pretend to be bad, it doesn't. Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism.
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
If you promise not to tell, I'll tell you.
If you promise something, keep your word.
If you promise to be back by 2:30, you may go.
If you pull it off, I'll be really impressed.
If you pull too hard, the chain will break.
If you pump air into a tire it expands.
If you pump air into a tire, it expands.
If you purchased this book without a cover you should be aware that this book is stolen property. It was reported as "unsold and destroyed" to the publisher, and neither the author nor the publisher has received any payment for this "stripped book".
If you push a button, either you will die or you will live.
If you push it, the door will open.
If you push the button, the curtains will open automatically.
If you push the button, the door will open.
If you push the button, the engine will stop.
If you push this button, the door will open.
If you push yourself too hard, you'll make yourself ill.
If you push yourself too hard, you’ll make yourself ill.
If you put a bridle on your mouth, they will put a saddle on your back.
If you put a seashell up to your ear, you can hear the ocean.
If you put in salt then let it dissolve, if you do work then finish it.
If you put in the effort, you can do anything.
If you put in the effort, you will certainly see the light.
If you put in the work, things happen.
If you put in the work, things often happen.
If you put more tea leaves into the pot, the tea will taste better.
If you put more tea-leaves in the teapot, the tea will taste better.
If you put some ice cubes in a glass of water, after melting the water level won't be higher.
If you put that much effort in, your body's going to collapse.
If you put the towel in the shower, it'll get soaked with water.
If you put your best foot forward, you will succeed.
If you put your dirty clothes in the laundry basket, I'll wash them for you.
If you put your mind in your sword, your mind will be taken by your sword.
If you put your mind into the fleshlight, your mind becomes the fleshlight.
If you put your mind into your foot, it becomes the foot.
If you put your mind to it, and you really want it, you can achieve it, whatever it is.
If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.
If you put your mind to it, you can do it, and if you don't, you won't get anywhere.
If you question her sincerity, do not ask for her help.
If you question his sincerity, do not ask for his help.
If you quickly cool the eggs, it makes it easier to remove their shells.
If you quit the job, you'll be burning your bridges.
If you quit the job, you’ll be burning your bridges.
If you quit when you suck, you'll suck forever.
If you quit your job, you'll be burning your bridges.
If you quit your job, you’ll be burning your bridges.
If you raise an eyebrow, it can mean "I want to have sex with you", but also "I find that what you just said is completely idiotic."
If you raise it to eat it, you'd better be man enough to kill it.
If you raise your eyebrows, your forehead's going to furrow.
If you read between the lines, this letter is a request for money.
If you read books in the dark, your eyes will get worse.
If you read it on 4chan, it's almost certainly not true.
If you read newspapers, you'll know what's in the newspapers.
If you read regularly, your Arabic is bound to improve.
If you read ten pages every day, by the end of the year you'll have read eighteen books of two hundred pages each. How would those books change your life?
If you read the Quran, you'll see it's clearly the word of God.
If you read the news from that newspaper, it might distort your point of view.
If you read the whole Bible, why are you still drinking alcohol?
If you read this book again, you will have read it three times.
If you read this book again, you'll have read it three times.
If you read this message, write to me.
If you read this sentence three times, a ghost will visit you in your sleep.
If you read this sentence, you will become blind.
If you read, you will survive.
If you realize I'm forgetting, make me remember.
If you realize you've done something wrong, then you should listen to your conscience and fix it as much as possible.
If you really can't stand it, then I think it would be a good idea to switch jobs.
If you really care about Tom, you will help him.
If you really cared about Tom, you would have helped him.
If you really cared about Tom, you would help him.
If you really cared about your girlfriend, you would respect her feelings.
If you really cared, you would've let me go out with him.
If you really don't want to come, you don't have to.
If you really hate your job so much, then quit.
If you really hate your job so much, then why don't you quit?
If you really have free time, read a book. Borrow one from the ward library.
If you really have grounds for acting the way you did, then please tell me.
If you really knew me well, you'd realise how important children are to me.
If you really like Mary, you should ask her out.
If you really love me, you would do what I ask from you.
If you really love me, you'll stay.
If you really loved him, then it wouldn't matter.
If you really loved me, you would let me go.
If you really loved me, you'd marry me.
If you really loved me, you'd stay.
If you really need a job, why don't you consider working for Tom?
If you really need a job, why don’t you consider working for Tom?
If you really need me, call me.
If you really set your mind on something, you can do it.
If you really think about it, everything is wonderful in this world, everything except for our thoughts and deeds when we forget about the loftier goals of existence, about our human dignity.
If you really think the sentence is poor, I'll be willing, of course, to delete this example.
If you really try, you should be able to do it.
If you really try, you should be able to do that.
If you really want a challenge, you should try windsurfing.
If you really want a place that harbors life, then Earth is it. Our planet is neither too hot nor too cold. It has fierce storms and winds, but not at the extremes seen elsewhere in the solar system.
If you really want one of those, you should buy one.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
If you really want to do that, do it.
If you really want to fight pedophiles, fight the Catholic Church instead of scapegoating LGBTQ people.
If you really want to get to know a place you have to go off the beaten track.
If you really want to go to the art museum, I'll go with you.
If you really want to have a child, you should adopt.
If you really want to help, please come by 2:30.
If you really want to know, all you have to do is ask.
If you really want to know, all you need to do is ask.
If you really want to know, why don't you ask Tom?
If you really want to learn Berber, use this book.
If you really want to learn how to do that, you'll have spend a lot of time studying and practicing.
If you really want to make a lot of money, I can tell you how.
If you really want to master Berber, follow my advice.
If you really want to quench your thirst and when you really want to pass on the urge to drink, then water is your go-to drink.
If you really want to satisfy your thirst, there's just no quicker way for it than to drink straight from the water tap.
If you really want to speak to me, it's now or never.
If you really want to speak to me, it’s now or never.
If you really want your old guitar, I'll sell it back to you.
If you really wanted to, you could buy me a motorcycle.
If you really were there, you must have seen it.
If you really were there, you must've seen it.
If you receive this mail, send it on to another 10 people within 12 hours or else bad luck befalls you.
If you recognize this person, call 110!
If you reduce the price, I'll buy it.
If you refuse my open challenge, there is no advantage I will not take of you, no indignity with which I will not load you, until the very name of Ravenswood shall be the sign of everything that is dishonourable, as it is already of all that is villainous.
If you refuse, Tom will be furious.
If you remove the lettuce from a hamburger, it has less calories.
If you repeat a joke two hundred fifty six times, it will set everybody's teeth on edge.
If you repeat a joke two hundred fifty six times, it will set everybody’s teeth on edge.
If you repeat a lie again and again, it becomes truth.
If you repeat it to yourself over and over, you might start believing it.
If you request a further discount, we suggest changing the terms of payment.
If you require that athletes be amateurs because sports should be about the love of the game, then don't have corporate sponsors.
If you resist arrest, I'll be required to use force.
If you resist change, you resist life.
If you respect yourself, others will respect you.
If you respect yourself, then others will respect you.
If you respect yourself, then you will receive respect from others.
If you rest up, you'll soon be back on your feet.
If you rest, you will be back on your feet again soon.
If you return to your country of birth, you will be free and will become happy.
If you reward me for it, I will poison the king,
If you ride a motorbike in winter, you'll be cold.
If you ride a motorcycle, you can't do it without a helmet.
If you run a red light, you risk causing an accident.
If you run a red light, you run the risk of causing an accident.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
If you run an action, your unsaved changes will be lost.
If you run every day, you'll reduce your weight.
If you run fast, you can catch the train.
If you run into Mary, ask her how her mother is doing.
If you run into Mary, ask her when Tom is going to get out of the hospital.
If you run into Mr. Lang, don't forget to ask him how his wife is doing.
If you run into Mr. Long, don't forget to ask him about how his wife is doing.
If you run into Mr. Long, don’t forget to ask him about how his wife is doing.
If you run into Tom and Mary, ask them how their mother is doing.
If you run into Tom and Mary, ask them when John is going to get out of the hospital.
If you run into Tom, ask him how his mother is doing.
If you run into Tom, ask him when Mary is going to get out of the hospital.
If you run into a bear, play dead.
If you run into a problem, just give me a call.
If you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
If you run just a little faster, you'll be able to catch up with them.
If you run late, I will not wait.
If you run out of cash, you can fall back on your savings in the bank.
If you run through a crowd with the torch of truth you will singe a few beards.
If you said so!
If you sang, they'd kick you out of the bar.
If you saw Tom, would you recognize him?
If you saw a celebrity, what would you ask them?
If you saw it, you would find it funny!
If you saw me the way that I look right now, I'm sure you wouldn't even recognize me.
If you saw what happened, you should contact the police.
If you say "I was tricked," well that's certainly so but there's no mistaking that you were the one who signed up on a "sweet deal".
If you say "I was tricked," well that’s certainly so but there’s no mistaking that you were the one who signed up on a "sweet deal".
If you say "maybe!" as an answer to a question, then that means "certainly!".
If you say a word, you're dead.
If you say anything about this to anyone, we're through.
If you say exactly what's on your mind all the time, you're likely to upset a lot of people.
If you say his name three times, he would a appear and chase you.
If you say no, then so be it.
If you say so, Tom.
If you say so, you are telling a lie.
If you say so.
If you say that one more time, I'll break your face.
If you say that to Tom, you'll run the risk of losing your job.
If you say that to your mother, she'll kill you!
If you say that you cannot help doing something, you mean you cannot prevent or avoid it.
If you say that you love me, you must also love my dog.
If you say that, it's because you don't realize what's going on.
If you say that, you are going to lose your face.
If you say this to someone whose plane is going to crash, this phrase is not going to mean anything.
If you say this, you're not doing Islam any justice.
If you say, "I love you," then I will also say that to you.
If you scale the image up it might pixelate.
If you scrape off a bit under the layer of old man, there is still a child.
If you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.
If you screw up, I'm gonna kill you!
If you search for "History of..." on the internet, you'll get hits for sites like "History of the World" and "History of Baseball."
If you search well, you will find.
If you see "Success" written on the back of this bag, you'll get another ice cream.
If you see I'm forgetting, remind me.
If you see I'm wrong, let's say I didn't say anything.
If you see James, do convey my apologies.
If you see Mary, ask her how her husband is doing.
If you see Mary, could you give this to her?
If you see Mary, don't forget to ask her how her husband's doing.
If you see Mary, please tell her I'm looking for her.
If you see Mary, please tell her for me.
If you see Mary, say hello to her for me.
If you see Mary, tell her I'm looking for her.
If you see Mary, will you tell her I'm looking for her?
If you see Mr. Long, please don't forget to ask him how his wife's doing.
If you see Tom and Mary, ask them how their children are doing.
If you see Tom and Mary, could you give this to them?
If you see Tom and Mary, don't forget to ask them how their children are doing.
If you see Tom and Mary, please tell them I'm looking for them.
If you see Tom and Mary, please tell them for me.
If you see Tom and Mary, tell them I'm looking for them.
If you see Tom and Mary, will you tell them I'm looking for them?
If you see Tom today, please tell him he's invited to my party, too.
If you see Tom today, please tell him that he's invited to my party, too.
If you see Tom, ask him how his wife is doing.
If you see Tom, could you give this to him?
If you see Tom, don't forget to ask him how his wife's doing.
If you see Tom, give him my best.
If you see Tom, let me know.
If you see Tom, please tell him I'm looking for him.
If you see Tom, please tell him for me.
If you see Tom, please tell him that he has to call me.
If you see Tom, please tell him to call me.
If you see Tom, please tell us immediately.
If you see Tom, say hello to him for me.
If you see Tom, tell him I'm looking for him.
If you see Tom, will you tell him I'm looking for him?
If you see Yanni again, I'll kick you out of the house.
If you see a fire on the stove, call for help immediately.
If you see a giant, then check the position of the sun and make sure it isn't the shadow of a dwarf.
If you see a lion showing its teeth, don't assume it's smiling at you.
If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good, you should run for your life.
If you see a mistake, simply write a comment.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
If you see a raccoon taller than this fence post, start running.
If you see a skunk, don't try to scare it away.
If you see a small woman somewhere today looking hot and bothered and hurrying down the street with a suitcase that's far too big, give me an encouraging smile. I could do with it, because I'm about to embark on the biggest journey of my life.
If you see a suspicious person, please inform the police.
If you see a wise man, seek him early; let your feet wear down the threshold of his door.
If you see an earthworm on the sidewalk after it rains, put it back in the grass so it doesn't die in the sun.
If you see any loose crumbs, sweep them into the trash.
If you see any mistakes, correct them.
If you see any mistakes, please send a message.
If you see any signs of bad weather, seek shelter immediately.
If you see any trash, make sure to pick it up and throw it away.
If you see anybody, tell me immediately.
If you see her from a distance, she is beautiful.
If you see her, don't forget to say 'good morning'.
If you see her, say hello from me.
If you see her, say hello to her from me.
If you see him before I do, tell him I miss him very much.
If you see him, give him my best.
If you see him, tell him I said "hi."
If you see his house, you'll know that he is poor.
If you see his house, you’ll know that he is poor.
If you see it, he'll see it, too.
If you see it, you'll go bananas.
If you see it, you’ll go bananas.
If you see language as a living being, formed by the entity of all speakers, dividing strictly into "right" and "wrong" makes little sense.
If you see nothing on your TV, first make sure that your set-top box is turned on.
If you see or hear anything, let me know.
If you see recyclable items, like plastic bottles or cans, place them in the recycling bin instead of the trash.
If you see someone shoplifting, no, you didn't.
If you see something and no one is in danger, mind your own business.
If you see something that seems strange or you don't understand, you can leave a comment and someone may explain it to you.
If you see something weird, let me know.
If you see something, mind your own business.
If you see something, say something!
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you.
If you see that jackal again, let us know immediately.
If you see the cat in this photo, please call.
If you see the cat in this picture, please call us.
If you see the day through with Mr Bark without losing your temper, I'll believe you.
If you see the day through with Mr Bark without losing your temper, I’ll believe you.
If you see the guy, you'll understand too.
If you see the lion baring its teeth, don't think that the lion is smiling at you.
If you see the lion's canines, do not ever think that the lion smiles.
If you see this boy of mine hanging on me like this, then he is not feeling well.
If you see this man, call me.
If you see this message, write me.
If you see this message, write to me.
If you see who closes the door, tell us.
If you see yellow liquid, don't drink it.
If you see yourself winning in your mind, then you'll win.
If you see, let me know.
If you seek a pleasant peninsula, look about you.
If you seek a pleasant peninsula, look around you.
If you seek answers, you must always ask questions.
If you seek his monument, look around.
If you seek pleasant peninsulas, look about you.
If you send away for it, it will get here in about a week.
If you set out early, you'll be in time for the train.
If you set out early, you’ll be in time for the train.
If you set the table, I'll do the cooking.
If you set the table, I'll get dinner ready.
If you share my secret with anyone, I'll never talk to you again.
If you shave off your moustache, I'll cry.
If you shave your hair, it will grow back thicker.
If you shaved off your mustache, you'd look ten years younger.
If you should be late again, you'll lose your job.
If you should be late again, you’ll lose your job.
If you should change your mind, call Tom.
If you should change your mind, let me know.
If you should come this way again, please drop in.
If you should die, what would become of your family?
If you should do that, you would come in for severe criticism.
If you should fail, don't lose heart.
If you should fail, don’t lose heart.
If you should find any mistakes, please let me know at once.
If you should happen, by any unlikely chance, to know a man more blest in a laugh than Scrooge's nephew, all I can say is, I should like to know him too. Introduce him to me, and I'll cultivate his acquaintance.
If you should have any trouble, don't hesitate to come to me.
If you should have any trouble, don’t hesitate to come to me.
If you should have problems, my father and I will help you.
If you should meet a bear, pretend to be dead.
If you should meet him, tell him to call me up.
If you should need any help, just let me know.
If you should say it now.
If you should see Celia, give her my best wishes.
If you shout from the top of a cliff, you can hear the echo of your voice.
If you shout from the top of a cliff, you can hear your voice echo.
If you show Mary how to do that, I'm sure she'll be able to do it.
If you show Tom and Mary how to do that, I'm sure they'll be able to do it.
If you show Tom how to do that, I'm sure he'll be able to do it.
If you show me your tongue, I might show you mine.
If you showed me how to do it, I could do it by myself next time.
If you showed me how to do that once more, I think I could do it.
If you showed me how to do that one more time, I think I could do it.
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.
If you sift through barrels of dirt, you may eventually find a flake of gold.
If you sign up to Facebook, your information will be sent to intelligence agencies.
If you sing, we'll sing with you.
If you sit back and rest, you will feel much better.
If you sit down here, I'll help you get your boots off.
If you skip breakfast and keep lunch light, then in the evening you can have whatever you want.
If you skip my class, I will kill you.
If you skip my classes, I'll kill you.
If you slack instead of typing, you'll never finish the book.
If you sleep dressed like that, you'll catch a cold.
If you sleep for a while, you will feel much better.
If you sleep in the bath smack-dab in the middle of winter, you could freeze to death.
If you sleep in your underwear during winter, you'll catch a cold.
If you sleep on a clean pillow case, your skin will clear up.
If you sleep on your back it's easier for your upper airway to be obstructed because your tongue, uvula, etc. slip towards the back of your throat.
If you sleep on your back it’s easier for your upper airway to be obstructed because your tongue, uvula, etc. slip towards the back of your throat.
If you sleep with so little on, you'll catch a cold.
If you smile, I'll be happy.
If you smile, I’ll be happy.
If you smoke in Indonesia — and chances are high that you do, as the country is on track to have the world’s highest smoking rate within the next decade — you’re likely a fan of kreteks, the clove cigarettes that are omnipresent in the island nation.
If you snitch, you're dead.
If you so much as get close to my sister again, you're finished.
If you so much as lift your head an inch, that bastard is going to snipe you.
If you spar with him, I'll tell you a secret about his strength.
If you speak Algerian Arabic, Berber wouldn't be that difficult to learn.
If you speak English, you can use it in a lot of countries.
If you speak French, I won't understand.
If you speak French, it'll be better for me.
If you speak Klingon, I won't understand.
If you speak Klingon, I won’t understand.
If you speak a lot of languages, you can develop yourself wherever you go.
If you speak good Spanish, you should have no problem looking for a job... the trick is finding one!
If you speak quietly, I don't understand you.
If you speak to Tom in French, he's not likely to understand you.
If you speak to him in Berber, he won't understand.
If you speak to me in French, I won't understand you very well.
If you speak too fast, I will not be able to understand.
If you speak too fast, I won't be able to understand.
If you spend all day thinking about all the ways you are not perfect, you'll never feel outrageous, happy and healthy - and you'll never have to live more of life you deserve.
If you spend less than the amount of money written on the coupon, we will return your points.
If you spend too long in the sun without sunscreen, you're likely to get sunburnt.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
If you spend too much time worrying, you'll never get anything done.
If you spill a pot of coffee on the carpet in your dorm room, you probably won't be getting your security deposit back.
If you spill boiling water, you can easily scald yourself.
If you spill food scraps on the floor, clean them up promptly.
If you spill something inside the cabinet, clean it up immediately.
If you spill something inside the pantry, clean it up immediately.
If you spill something on the counter, clean it up immediately.
If you spill something on the stovetop, clean it up immediately to prevent it from sticking.
If you spill something on the table, use a cloth or paper towel to wipe it clean.
If you spill something, clean it up immediately to avoid stains.
If you spill something, clean it up immediately to prevent it from sticking.
If you spill something, clean it up immediately to prevent staining.
If you spill something, clean it up right away to prevent stains.
If you spill something, grab a paper towel and clean it up right away.
If you spoke less and listened more, you'd definitely be able to learn something.
If you spot it, you've got it.
If you sprinkle when you tinkle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie.
If you squelch the fire with water, the coals will not smolder.
If you stack the dishes up by the sink, I'll do them later.
If you stack the dishes up by the sink, I’ll do them later.
If you stand by me during this difficult time, I can't thank you enough. Your support means a lot to me.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
If you stand over in that corner, Tom won't likely even notice you're here.
If you stand still for too long, your leg becomes numb with a tingling sensation.
If you stare at the sky, you'll miss the target.
If you start at once you'll arrive by six o'clock.
If you start at once you’ll arrive by six o’clock.
If you start at once, you'll arrive by six o'clock.
If you start at once, you’ll arrive by six o’clock.
If you start now, you will get there in time.
If you start to go blind, just give a shout.
If you start to talk about tannins you will sound like you know a lot more about wine then you really do.
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.
If you stay calm, it's really nothing to worry about.
If you stay here long, you will become so Westernized that you will lose all love for New England.
If you stay here with your arms crossed, nothing will ever get resolved and nothing will get achieved, get yourself moving and just get a move on yourself!
If you stay home tonight, you'll be safe.
If you stay longer there in the bathroom to soak yourself, our water bill will increase.
If you stay or go, it's all the same to me.
If you stay out drinking every night, your wife is going to leave you.
If you stay silent, they will exploit you.
If you stay with the company until the end of the year, you will receive a bonus.
If you stay, I'll stay, too.
If you stay, I'll stay.
If you stayed, you would sleep with them.
If you stayed, you would spend the night with them.
If you steal from tax players, you will be castrated.
If you stick around after class, I can help you with your essay.
If you stick your hand into a jar of sulfuric acid, you might feel that the jar has no bottom.
If you still don't know about the project, visit our site for more information.
If you still have a cough, I don't think you should go to work.
If you stipulate that these things are true, I will sign the contract.
If you stood on one of its moons, would you be able to notice Jupiter's gravitational pull?
If you stop and relax, this will relieve the tension and stress in your shoulders.
If you stop believing in the tooth fairy, you'll lose all your teeth.
If you stop every time a dog barks, your road will never end.
If you stop looking for it, you'll find happiness.
If you stop worrying, you might enjoy yourself.
If you stop worrying, you might enjoy yourselves.
If you stretch out a rod made of a ductile material, it will thin out in the middle in a process called "necking".
If you studied hard, you would get good marks.
If you study Japanese every day, you'll get better at it.
If you study a lot, you will certainly pass the entrance exam.
If you study earnestly, you can expect to pass the exam.
If you study hard, you should be able to get good grades.
If you study hard, you will become a good student.
If you study hard, you'll pass the exam.
If you study new words, then use them more so that you will be able to more quickly memorize them.
If you study up to Chapter 5, you will be able to ride the train.
If you study, you'll become an important person in the future.
If you study, you’ll become an important person in the future.
If you stuff the box too full, the bottom will fall out.
If you submit the project after the deadline, you will receive no credit.
If you subtract two from ten, you get eight.
If you sum up feminist counselling in a few words, I suppose it would be counselling done from a woman's standpoint.
If you sum up feminist counselling in a few words, I suppose it would be counselling done from a woman’s standpoint.
If you support Trump, you're a bad person.
If you support banning foreign languages, you don't oppose censorship.
If you support racial profiling, you're an authoritarian.
If you survive, you will read.
If you suspect someone, spit it out.
If you suspect that there is a gas leak, stop using electrical devices, evacuate your home, leave your doors and windows open, and call your gas company.
If you swallow a dangerous substance, it depends on the substance which measures need to be taken.
If you swim incorrectly the judges will disqualify you.
If you take 3 from 8, 5 remains.
If you take a child outside and point at the moon, the child will look at the moon. If you do the same with a dog, it will look at your finger.
If you take a child outside and point at the moon, they will look at the moon. If you do the same thing with a dog, it will look at your finger.
If you take a close look, you'll find that your friends and you have similar personalities.
If you take a close look, you’ll find that your friends and you have similar personalities.
If you take a day off social media, you're not going to miss anything.
If you take a nap here, you'll catch a cold.
If you take a nap here, you’ll catch a cold.
If you take a nap now, you will have a dream; but if you study now, you will realize your dream.
If you take a single piece of the cake, I'll give you hell.
If you take a single piece of the cake, I’ll give you hell.
If you take a spill there, your rear end will be flattened.
If you take any book about what defines democracy and compare the Israeli system to it, Israel wouldn't pass the test.
If you take away all the geopolitical bluster between India and Pakistan, you can still see how much these two nations have in common. I personally am fascinated and love both of them. I even wish they never split.
If you take care of the little things, the bigger things will take care of themselves.
If you take care of the small things, the big things will take care of themselves.
If you take drugs, give them back.
If you take four from ten, you have six.
If you take good care of your car, you will increase its life.
If you take medicine, you will feel better.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
If you take my advice, you’ll see a doctor.
If you take off your shoes when entering your house, you can reduce the wear and tear on your carpets.
If you take one box, I can make you a big discount.
If you take one more step closer to me, I'll blow your brains out.
If you take one more step closer to where I am, I pull on the trigger so be careful.
If you take one more step closer to where I stand, I'll make you a gone man.
If you take one more step closer to where I stand, you're a gone man.
If you take one step closer to me, I'll make your brain exploded.
If you take one step closer to where I stand, I'll blow out your brains.
If you take the express train, you'll be there in no time.
If you take the ring road, you'll get there faster.
If you take these lozenges, you won't cough so much.
If you take this bus, you will get to the village.
If you take this bus, you will reach the village.
If you take this drug, side effects may result.
If you take this medicine, the stomach ache will be healed.
If you take this medicine, you will feel better.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel a lot better.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel better.
If you take this medicine, you'll start to feel better soon.
If you take this medicine, you’ll feel better.
If you take this pill, side effects may result.
If you take twice as much with you, you can save yourself a journey.
If you take your shoes off before coming into the house you won't bring in any dirt from your shoes.
If you take your shoes off before coming into the house you won’t bring in any dirt from your shoes.
If you talk over the heads of the listeners, they'll nod off.
If you talk so quietly, no one will be able to understand you.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, it will go to his head. If you talk to him in his language, it will go to his heart.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
If you talk to her again, I'll rip your spine out and beat you with it.
If you talk to me that way again, I'm going to smash your face in.
If you talk while eating, food may go down your windpipe instead of your esophagus.
If you taste this sauce you'll find it a bit salty.
If you taste this sauce you’ll find it a bit salty.
If you teach a man, you educate one person. If you teach a woman, you educate a whole village.
If you teach me Japanese, I'll teach you Spanish.
If you teach me how to dance, I will show you my hidden scars.
If you teach me your language, I can teach you mine.
If you teach me your language, I'll teach you mine.
If you telephone her again, that'll be the last straw!
If you telephone her again, that’ll be the last straw!
If you tell Mary how to do that, I'm sure she'll do it.
If you tell Mary how to do that, she'll do it.
If you tell Tom and Mary how to do that, I'm sure they'll do it.
If you tell Tom and Mary how to do that, they'll do it.
If you tell Tom how to do that, I'm sure he'll do it.
If you tell Tom how to do that, he'll do it.
If you tell Tom what to do, I'm sure he'll do it.
If you tell Tom what to do, he'll do it.
If you tell Tom, you will bear the consequences.
If you tell a German to meet you at half seven, they will most likely arrive at half six.
If you tell a lie enough times, you begin to believe it.
If you tell a lie, Lord Emma will rip out your tongue.
If you tell anyone I said that, I'll hate you for the rest of my life.
If you tell anyone, I'm never speaking to you again.
If you tell her about it, then she'll tell her best friends and then her best friends will tell their best friends and then everyone will know.
If you tell him that, you are no longer my friend.
If you tell me the truth, I'll forgive you.
If you tell me what needs to be done, I can help.
If you tell me what to do, I'll do it.
If you tell me what you're looking for, maybe I can help you.
If you tell me your name, I can tell you mine.
If you tell on me, I'll make your life miserable.
If you tell others you're modest, is that really being modest?
If you tell people what they want to hear, they'll do what you want.
If you tell people what they want to hear, they’ll do what you want.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.
If you tell them your name, they'll probably tell you theirs.
If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe you.
If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe your words.
If you tell too many lies, people won’t ever believe your words.
If you tell your teacher you lost your homework, she won't believe you.
If you tend to blame yourself, criticize yourself, belittle yourself and generally experience unpleasant emotions, this is partly responsible for your habit of procastinating.
If you testify against him, we can put him behind bars for good.
If you testify, I'll testify as well.
If you testify, Tom will testify, too.
If you testify, Tom will, too.
If you think French numbers are complicated, take a look at Danish.
If you think I love you, you're right.
If you think I'm different from the other guys, then why don't you agree to come out with me?
If you think I'm going out in this weather, you've got another thing coming.
If you think I'm going to be at your party, you're wrong.
If you think I'm going to do that, you're wrong.
If you think I'm going to help you do that, you're wrong.
If you think I'm in love with you, you're right.
If you think I'm just going to stand here and take this, you've got another think coming!
If you think I'm the one who did that, you're wrong.
If you think Tom is Canadian, you're wrong.
If you think Tom is going to do that, you're wrong.
If you think Tom is still in Australia, you're wrong. If you think that Tom is still in Australia, you're wrong.
If you think Tom is still in Boston, you're wrong.
If you think Tom is the one who did that, you're wrong.
If you think Tom speaks French well, you're wrong.
If you think Tom's silence means that he agrees, you're mistaken.
If you think Yanni is having an affair, would you tell me?
If you think about it, it was an army under the command of General Tanaka.
If you think about, everyone is already a statistic.
If you think betting and gambling are going to make you rich, Tom, then you're wrong.
If you think differently, you shall be put to death.
If you think education is expensive, consider the cost of ignorance.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
If you think education is expensive, wait till you see what ignorance costs you.
If you think it was my fault, you're barking up the wrong tree.
If you think it'll make you happy, go ahead and do it.
If you think it'll make you happy, go ahead and do that.
If you think it's a good idea, you should participate. Conversely, if you think it's a bad idea, you should let him know.
If you think it's alright with you, say I'm fine.
If you think it's simple, then you have misunderstood the problem.
If you think leaving now is the right thing to do, then you should leave.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
If you think of anything else, call me.
If you think of anything else, let me know.
If you think of anything else, phone me straight away.
If you think of anything else, phone me.
If you think of anything else, ring me straight away.
If you think of anything else, text me.
If you think of work as meditation, as many Asians do, your work will be more tolerable.
If you think online sales are poised to take over in-store purchases anytime soon, think again.
If you think pragmatically, you will achieve what you desire.
If you think something is a sin, then you don't have to do it.
If you think that I'm still going to help a bastard like you, then you couldn't be any further away from the truth.
If you think that I’m still going to help a bastard like you, then you couldn’t be any further away from the truth.
If you think that he's experienced enough with that, I'll hire him.
If you think that it's in school - seated in a chair and listening to a teacher - that you learn a language, then boy are you off.
If you think that it’s in school - seated in a chair and listening to a teacher - that you learn a language, then boy are you off.
If you think that this is going to be easy, you're wrong.
If you think that what you're doing is the right thing to do, then I'll start doing it too, because I want to do good things too.
If you think that you are a genius, maybe you would like to read the article "T-Duality from super Lie n-algebra cocycles for super p-branes."
If you think that you are going to make me your slave, you can forget it.
If you think that you are so poor, imagine that rabbits in the wild do not need money to survive.
If you think that you can do that, please do.
If you think that you'll learn to speak English just by going to America, then you're sorely mistaken.
If you think that's going to happen, you're wrong.
If you think that's necessary, you should do it.
If you think that's possible, why don't you try it?
If you think that, you’re wrong.
If you think the biggest problem with society today is the lack of civility, you have been insulated from all the other problems.
If you think the world revolves around you, you're wrong.
If you think this forum is just work for you, then you should give up.
If you think this is so easy, why don't you come up here and do it yourself?
If you think this is wrong, you must speak out.
If you think this movie is boring, we can turn it off.
If you think top-flight football has become boring and corporate, support a non-league team – preferably one local to you.
If you think traffic is bad now, wait until rush hour.
If you think you are at the mercy of forces beyond your control, you have an external locus of control.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
If you think you can beat me at chess, bring it on.
If you think you can cheat your way around death, then you're fooling yourself way too much.
If you think you can get away with cheating on the exam, you've got another thing coming.
If you think you can get away with cheating on the exam, you’ve got another thing coming.
If you think you can outsmart me, then you've got it all wrong.
If you think you can play smarter than me on this little game, you're fooling yourself.
If you think you can pull the wool over my eyes, you've got another thing coming!
If you think you can stop smoking at any moment, stop now.
If you think you have control over your own life, you have an internal locus of control.
If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics.
If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don’t understand quantum mechanics.
If you think you're being neutral, but don't check your own right-wing opinions, you're going to end up with something right-wing.
If you think you're riding a dead horse, get off!
If you think you're so tough, why don't you try to take on me?
If you think you're someone, you stop becoming someone.
If you think your rifle can hit a balloon 60,000 feet up, you shouldn't have a rifle.
If you think your team can win against our team, you've got another thing coming!
If you think your team can win against our team, you’ve got another thing coming!
If you thought that we were "on a little planet with little peoples," you would not want to propagandize anything.
If you throw something like that down, if someone's unlucky enough to be hit they'll be injured.
If you throw something like that down, if someone’s unlucky enough to be hit they’ll be injured.
If you throw trash on the road, you have to pay a fine of up to 500 dollars.
If you throw your jeans in the washing machine, I'll wash them for you.
If you throw your jeans in the washing machine, I'll wash them.
If you throw your jeans in the washing machine, I’ll wash them for you.
If you tickle us, do we not laugh?
If you tie it like that, it'll come undone.
If you tip me off about it, I'll make it worth your while.
If you tolerate everything to the point where you lose yourself, you become either wiser or more fanatical.
If you took twice as much with you, you'd save yourself a journey.
If you touch an animal or plant, touch it gently.
If you touch her, I'll bust your face.
If you touch it I will kill you.
If you touch me, I'll scream.
If you touch my sister, I'll kill you.
If you touch poop, wash your hands thoroughly.
If you touch that wire, you will receive a shock.
If you touch that wire, you'll get a shock.
If you touch that wire, you’ll get a shock.
If you touch the ball with your hands, the referee will call a foul.
If you touch them, you'll get a rash.
If you touch them, you'll get hives.
If you touch this switch, it will open the curtains automatically.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
If you travel after the rush hour, it is easier to pick up a cheap fare.
If you travel by Shinkansen, it doesn't seem far from Nagoya to Tokyo.
If you travel by Shinkansen, it doesn’t seem far from Nagoya to Tokyo.
If you travel by bus or train, you have to pay a fare.
If you travel in China, it is best to go with a guide.
If you travel to the US, you'll learn spoken English.
If you treat a customer well, he'll be a customer for life.
If you treat a tumor, are you changing God's plan?
If you treat him fairly, he will be fair with you.
If you treat this scratch ASAP, you shouldn't expect any infection.
If you trespass on his property, he'll sic his dogs on you.
If you tried, you could save even more.
If you truly love your beard, you should let it grow!
If you truly want to make your thirst go away, then there's no better drink option than simply water.
If you truly want to upgrade your language skills, then translation might not be the best way to do it, but you're really just playing around, so I believe that if you find it fun, then more power to you.
If you trust such a fellow, you'll lose everything you have.
If you trust such a fellow, you’ll lose everything you have.
If you try and do everything, you'll never accomplish anything.
If you try and do everything, you’ll never accomplish anything.
If you try at all, you should try your best.
If you try doing that, be careful.
If you try for too much, you'll end up with nothing at all.
If you try for too much, you’ll end up with nothing at all.
If you try it, I think you'll be deceived.
If you try it, I think you'll be tricked.
If you try that again, I won't tolerate it.
If you try to chisel out another dollar from those poor suckers, I swear I will go to the police.
If you try to defend the seniority-based corporate escalator these days all you'll get is flak from younger employees.
If you try to defend the seniority-based corporate escalator these days all you’ll get is flak from younger employees.
If you try to downplay this, I'm going to walk away.
If you try to escape again, I'll kill you.
If you try to find me, I will find you.
If you try to follow me, I'll kill you.
If you try to go into psychological warfare with me, you will be the loser.
If you try to make one before you've gotten any instructions, it will not be up to scratch.
If you try to speak figuratively to the J-14 robots, they will sting you with a small barbed projectile, but the newer J-37 will randomly kill uncooperative humans.
If you try to stare down a bear, it will maim you.
If you try to stop me, I won't hesitate for a moment to kill you.
If you try very hard, you will succeed.
If you try your best now, happiness will come to you.
If you try, I think you'll be able to do that.
If you try, don't expect me to support you.
If you try, don't expect me to support your cause.
If you try, you'll succeed.
If you tumble here, your backside will be squashed.
If you turn a blind eye to something, you ignore it.
If you turn around, I'll fasten your dress for you.
If you turn around, I’ll fasten your dress for you.
If you turn away, you will bear the sins of the Arians.
If you turn here, you can probably avoid a lot of traffic.
If you turn in a test late, it will not be accepted.
If you turn left, you'll see a coffee shop.
If you turn off the A/C, you won't get any hot air.
If you turn on me like that, I cannot talk any more.
If you turn on me like that, I won't say another word.
If you turn on me like that, I won't talk anymore.
If you turn on me like that, I won’t say another word.
If you turn right, City Hall will be right in front of you.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
If you turn right, you'll come to the museum.
If you turn to the left, you will find the church on your right.
If you turn to the left, you'll see a white building.
If you turn to the left, you’ll see a white building.
If you turned off your computer right now, you would contribute to the prevention of global warming.
If you twist your feet, I wouldn't recommend you wear high heels.
If you uncover that box over there, you will see a baby bird I found at the base of the tree.
If you understand the problems and feelings of others, you're an understanding person.
If you understand this one, then the others are nearly the same.
If you understand what it says there, everyone understands it.
If you understand, please raise your hand.
If you understand, raise your hand.
If you understand, then do it properly.
If you unfasten your seat belt on the airplane, you might die.
If you use a computer, you can retain information.
If you use a power tool, you can usually finish your job a lot faster.
If you use condoms you don’t even risk to catch a sexually transmitted disease.
If you use it more than three hours a month, there are extra charges.
If you use my utensils, clean them.
If you use someone else's drawing as your profile picture, make sure to credit the artist in your bio.
If you use the cutting board, wash it and put it back where it belongs.
If you use the microwave, check for spills and wipe them away.
If you use the microwave, clean any splatters inside.
If you use the money, you will have to answer for it later.
If you use the quit command noted below, you can make the application exit.
If you use the toilet, flush it afterward.
If you use these special glasses you'll be able to see through walls.
If you use this modern equipment, it will save a lot of manpower.
If you use too much force, you could hurt yourself.
If you use your computer before going to bed, you owe it to your eyes to turn on Night Shift on your Mac.
If you used the time you spent complaining practicing your basketball, then maybe you would have stopped complaining a long time ago.
If you value your liberty, you have to fight for it.
If you value your liberty, you must fight for it.
If you violate the terms of service, your account will be suspended.
If you visit Algeria, you will love it.
If you visit Mary now, she'll probably be watching TV.
If you visit New York, you've just got to come and see our house.
If you visit New York, you’ve just got to come and see our house.
If you visit Spain, come and see me.
If you visit Tom and Mary now, they'll probably be watching TV.
If you visit Tom now, he'll probably be watching TV.
If you visit Tom now, he’ll probably be watching TV.
If you visit Tom right now, he's probably just watching TV.
If you visit a graveyard at night, you'll meet a ghost.
If you vomited, how many times?
If you wait a few minutes, I'll go with you.
If you wait a few minutes, I'll help you.
If you wait a while, your eyes will adjust to the dark.
If you wait long enough, you'll likely see that happen.
If you wait right here, I'll go get Tom.
If you wait right here, I'll go get what you want.
If you wait until tomorrow, I could go with you.
If you walk a lot, you will develop calluses on your heel.
If you walk amidst an aspen forest on a clear day, you will be treated to a fantastic light display.
If you walk barefoot, you'll get lots of thorns.
If you walk your dog, scoop the poop.
If you walked into a college dorm room and found three students and a pizza, you could conclude that the pizza had recently arrived, because college students quickly consume pizza.
If you wanna be my girlfriend, you can't hang out with my cousin.
If you wanna be with this doormat, that's fine.
If you wanna be with this wimp, that's fine.
If you wanna have the kid, that's your decision, but I don't want that to ruin my life.
If you wanna kill me, then do it.
If you wanna learn more about Algeria, visit our website.
If you wanna live healthily, run an hour a day.
If you wanna run around, go outside.
If you wanna survive in this prison, you'll have to be a badass.
If you want Esperanto to become an international language, then stop using English when speaking with Esperantists.
If you want I can tell you in English.
If you want Mary to dance with you, why don't you ask her?
If you want Mary's help, you'll have to ask her for it.
If you want Tom to respect you, you must respect Tom.
If you want Tom's help, you'll have to ask him for it.
If you want a drink, the bar's over there.
If you want a drink, you can buy one over there.
If you want a fight, I'm going to give it to you.
If you want a fight, you've got one.
If you want a free copy of the Quran, email me.
If you want a girlfriend, don't be weird.
If you want a golden rule that will fit everybody, this is it: Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful.
If you want a good seat, you should get there early.
If you want a haircut you'll have to wait.
If you want a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
If you want a hotel, look, it's just down there.
If you want a hotel, look, it’s just down there.
If you want a job, call me.
If you want a language to persist, then it is very important.
If you want a lawyer and can't afford one, one will be appointed to you.
If you want a man to propose marriage, feed him well.
If you want a new bike, you'd better start saving up.
If you want a new bike, you’d better start saving up.
If you want a new idea, read an old book.
If you want a pen, I will lend you one.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
If you want a pencil, I’ll lend you one.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—forever.
If you want a place in the sun, you've got to put up with a few blisters.
If you want a raise, you really need to advocate for yourself and tell your boss that you feel undervalued.
If you want a red car, buy a red car.
If you want a sandwich, raise your hand.
If you want a slice of pizza, better get up there.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
If you want a ticket, please raise your hand.
If you want allergy relief, try this.
If you want answers, you have to ask questions.
If you want answers, you've got to ask questions.
If you want any help, I could give you tips.
If you want any help, just call me.
If you want any money, I will lend you some.
If you want any more wine, go to the cellar and get some.
If you want anything, just ask for it.
If you want anything, just ask.
If you want at least three fresh eggs a day, how many hens do you need?
If you want breakfast in bed, you'll have to sleep in the kitchen.
If you want cake, then buy flour!
If you want example sentences about countries like France, India and Papua New Guinea, why don't you contribute them yourself?
If you want freedom, you have to fight for it.
If you want freedom, you'll have to face your parents.
If you want good fresh figs, you need to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.
If you want help, just ask.
If you want her forgiveness you need to come clean about what you did.
If you want high quality you have to pay for it.
If you want him, you can have him.
If you want it done well, I'm your man.
If you want it done well, I’m your man.
If you want it fixed, fix it yourself.
If you want it, I'll give it to you.
If you want it, buy it.
If you want it, come and take it.
If you want it, keep it.
If you want it, they will also do.
If you want it, work for it.
If you want it, you can have it.
If you want it, you'll have to come get it.
If you want just to get some points, play a game.
If you want marginalized people to just go away, you're an authoritarian. Words mean things.
If you want me to be quiet, just ask.
If you want me to do that, I will.
If you want me to do that, just tell me.
If you want me to go with you, I will.
If you want me to go, I will.
If you want me to go, I'll go.
If you want me to help Mary, I'll help her.
If you want me to help Tom and Mary, I'll help them.
If you want me to help Tom, I'll help him.
If you want me to help you do that, I will.
If you want me to help you do that, just ask.
If you want me to help you, all you have to do is ask.
If you want me to help you, you've got to help me.
If you want me to help, just ask.
If you want me to kiss you, all you have to do is ask.
If you want me to leave, I will.
If you want me to leave, just say so.
If you want me to play the piano, I'll play the piano.
If you want me to show Tom, I'll show him.
If you want me to stay, I will.
If you want me to stay, just tell me.
If you want me to stay, then tell me.
If you want me to wear those boots, I'll wear those boots.
If you want me to write about Judeo-Christian topics, you have to pay money.
If you want me to, I'll bake a pie.
If you want me to, I'll buy that for you.
If you want me to, I'll come.
If you want me to, I'll cook for you.
If you want me to, I'll do that for you.
If you want me to, I'll do that.
If you want me to, I'll hold your hand.
If you want me to, I'll make you lunch every day.
If you want me to, I'll stay here with you until Tom and Mary get back.
If you want me to, I'll stay here with you until Tom gets back.
If you want me to, I'll talk to Tom.
If you want me, I'll be in my office.
If you want me, I'm in my room.
If you want me, I'm ready to follow you.
If you want milk, bring your own cow.
If you want money, I've got a rich husband.
If you want money, why don't you call Tom?
If you want more details about that, you'll have to ask my boss.
If you want more details than that, you'll have to ask my boss.
If you want my help, I will be happy to give it.
If you want my help, just ask.
If you want my help, let me know.
If you want my help, you'll have to ask for it.
If you want my honest opinion, the book is terrible.
If you want my opinion, Dan has never stepped foot on Italy, if not, how would you explain how he doesn’t know a single Italian word assuming he’s lived there for ten years?
If you want my respect, you'll have to earn it.
If you want my support, you'll have to earn it.
If you want my vote, you'll have to earn it.
If you want off-street parking, you'll have to rent a spot in a parking garage.
If you want one, you'll have to find your own.
If you want one, you'll have to pay for it out of your own allowance.
If you want or need any help, let me know! I'll be glad to help!
If you want peace, plan for war.
If you want peace, prepare for war.
If you want people to collaborate with you, you have to be friendlier.
If you want people to like you, you should listen more than your talk.
If you want pudding, you must eat your meat.
If you want quality, pay for it.
If you want roses, you're going to get pricked.
If you want security in your old age, begin saving now.
If you want some help with vocabulary, let me know!
If you want somebody to help you, go ask Tom.
If you want someone to help you, go ask Tom.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
If you want something done right, sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself.
If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
If you want something done right, you should do it yourself.
If you want something done well, do it yourself.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.
If you want something done, do it yourself!
If you want something done, you often have to do it yourself.
If you want something strongly enough, you're gonna get it.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
If you want something to be done, leave it in charge of someone who's busy.
If you want something to change, get your hands dirty.
If you want something to eat, you'll need to get it yourself.
If you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never done.
If you want something you’ve never had before, you have to do something you’ve never done before.
If you want something, do whatever you need to do to get your hands on it.
If you want something, just name it.
If you want something, say so clearly. I can't read minds yet.
If you want strong teeth like mommy, brush them well.
If you want tea, I have some in the cupboard.
If you want that hat, I'll buy it for you.
If you want that one, buy that one.
If you want that water pistol you'll just have to save money and buy it yourself. I can't constantly buy toys for you. I'm not made of money.
If you want that, you can have it.
If you want the plants to grow, you must water them.
If you want the taxi driver to have a tip, hand him too much money and say, "Keep the change."
If you want the work to be done well, you need to do it yourselves.
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
If you want this marriage to work, you need to choose between spending time with me and working all the time.
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
If you want this pen, I'll lend it to you.
If you want this, I'll let you have it.
If you want this, you can have it.
If you want to achieve that result, this is the wrong way to go about it.
If you want to achieve the kind of success that I think you do, then you'll have to study harder.
If you want to achieve the kind of success that I think you do, then you’ll have to study harder.
If you want to activate my mean side, just go on.
If you want to answer the phone, stay home.
If you want to argue, let's argue.
If you want to ask a question, please put your hand up.
If you want to ask a question, please raise your hand.
If you want to ask any more questions, you can ask Tom.
If you want to ask for her hand, do things right.
If you want to ask me any questions, feel free.
If you want to ask me questions about that, you may.
If you want to avoid cholesterol, eat lean meat with no fat.
If you want to be a good father, you need to spend time with your children.
If you want to be a good writer, write.
If you want to be a newspaperman, you have to be observant.
If you want to be a pianist, you should practice every day, or at least almost every day.
If you want to be alone, I'll leave.
If you want to be credible, tell people only what they believe.
If you want to be fluent in Berber, just follow these rules.
If you want to be fluent in English, you've got to keep at it.
If you want to be fluent in English, you’ve got to keep at it.
If you want to be fluent in French, you'll need to study much harder than you have been.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
If you want to be friends with people, the truth might not be the best way.
If you want to be happy, be happy.
If you want to be happy, don't talk about your knowledge.
If you want to be happy, it is essential not to care what other people think of you.
If you want to be happy, make somebody else happy.
If you want to be happy, make someone else happy!
If you want to be happy, make someone else happy.
If you want to be happy, not caring what other people think of you is essential.
If you want to be happy, stop loving me.
If you want to be happy, then be happy.
If you want to be loved, love!
If you want to be loved, love.
If you want to be miserable, that's your choice.
If you want to be okay, you must smoke weed every day.
If you want to be on time, you should be there by 11 o'clock.
If you want to be on time, you should be there by 11 o’clock.
If you want to be respected by others the great thing is to respect yourself. Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you.
If you want to be rich, steal a lot.
If you want to be slim, follow this diet.
If you want to be with this dick, so be it.
If you want to beat a dog, you can always find a stick.
If you want to become a good writer, you need to practice writing.
If you want to become ambidextrous, try brushing your teeth with your non-dominant hand. It'll be hard at first, but you'll get used to it in no time.
If you want to become big and strong when you grow up, you have to eat a lot of spinach and peanut butter sandwiches.
If you want to become big and strong, skipping meals is not okay.
If you want to become elected to government, you must understand the party policy and you must be able to sell it to the public.
If you want to become my friend, then also become the friend of my friend.
If you want to become stronger eat spinach.
If you want to become thin, you should cut back on the between-meal snacks.
If you want to blame somebody, blame me.
If you want to blame someone, blame me.
If you want to borrow some of my clothes, ask first.
If you want to bring people over to your side, beating them up is not a good way to go about it.
If you want to buy a cheap guitar, go to a second-hand shop.
If you want to buy a leash, go to a pet shop.
If you want to buy biscuits, go to the food section.
If you want to buy crack, go see Fadil.
If you want to buy crack, go see Sami.
If you want to buy ham, go to the meat section.
If you want to buy it, buy it.
If you want to catch fish, you need to fish where the fish are.
If you want to change a society, you must first change the Zeitgeist.
If you want to change a society, you must first change the spirit of the times.
If you want to change lanes, you should first signal.
If you want to change people, you must love them.
If you want to change someone's opinion on something, the worst way to do it is to scoff at them.
If you want to change the world, start with the person that you see in the mirror every morning.
If you want to change the world, then you should start with yourself.
If you want to change your habits, you need to start small.
If you want to change your mind, I'd understand.
If you want to change your mind, it's OK with me.
If you want to change your opinion, then go right ahead.
If you want to come back, I'll understand.
If you want to come for a visit, please do.
If you want to come over, call first.
If you want to come round later, ring me first to make sure I'm at home.
If you want to come round later, ring me first to make sure I'm in.
If you want to come with us, come with us.
If you want to come with us, you can.
If you want to come with us, you're welcome.
If you want to come, I'll take you with me.
If you want to come, come.
If you want to come, you can.
If you want to convert to Islam, don't hesitate. Life is short, you know.
If you want to convert to Islam, just do it. Life is short, you know.
If you want to convince someone, insulting them is not a good way to go about it.
If you want to count, you need to be rare!
If you want to criticise other people, first you must improve your own methods.
If you want to cross the street, you must wait for the light to turn green.
If you want to cry, cry.
If you want to dance, dance.
If you want to dance, let's dance together.
If you want to dance, then dance.
If you want to die, I guarantee you'll get what you want eventually. But there might be more to life than you understand right now.
If you want to discuss the situation, please let us know.
If you want to divorce, you will have to pay the price.
If you want to do a good job, don't rush through it.
If you want to do eye-grabbing work you have to put out something punchy at the outset. Say what you mean directly.
If you want to do good work, you should use the proper tools.
If you want to do it, let's do it.
If you want to do it, you can do it.
If you want to do it, you still can.
If you want to do that, I'd suggest waiting until Tom can do it with you.
If you want to do that, I'm not going to try and stop you.
If you want to do that, do it.
If you want to do that, embrace it. Don't lie about it.
If you want to do that, it won't bother me.
If you want to do that, it's OK with me.
If you want to do that, please wait until tomorrow.
If you want to do that, then do it.
If you want to do that, then do that.
If you want to do that, then just do it.
If you want to do that, then just go ahead and do it.
If you want to do that, you can.
If you want to do that, you may.
If you want to do that, you will have to cross swords with me.
If you want to do well at school, you'll have to study hard.
If you want to drive a car, you'll need a driving licence.
If you want to earn money, America is the best.
If you want to eat at Raffle's, you must reserve weeks ahead.
If you want to eat at Raffle’s, you must reserve weeks ahead.
If you want to eat something a little bit different, try these bletted medlars.
If you want to eat something that'll blow your mind, you should seriously check this place out.
If you want to eat that, you may.
If you want to eat, eat.
If you want to edit your videos, you can use this program.
If you want to endure life, get prepared for death.
If you want to endure life, prepare yourself for death.
If you want to examine a modest person's modesty, don't look at whether they dislike praise. Look at whether they can take criticism.
If you want to experiment in a non-native language, perhaps you should try a site such as http://lang-8.com instead.
If you want to extend your life, stop smoking.
If you want to feed your pet, you must treat it well.
If you want to feel really rich today, count everything that money can't buy.
If you want to fight, I am going to give you a good one.
If you want to find a needle in a haystack, you've got to be systematic about it.
If you want to find eternal quiet and peace, fighting is not enough; you must also conquer.
If you want to find out more information about this, please call us.
If you want to find peace, you must suppress arrogance, avarice and ambition of power.
If you want to find people who speak French in Canada, go to Quebec.
If you want to fire me, fire me.
If you want to fix the street, start by tidying up your room.
If you want to fly with the eagles, don't swim with the ducks.
If you want to form a new habit, positive reinforcement works best.
If you want to gain the upper hand, you'll have to do exactly as I say.
If you want to get a hold on your spending you should start by cutting up all your credit cards.
If you want to get a job, you need to have connections.
If you want to get a long-drawn benefit from this book, don't think once skimming the cream is enough for that.
If you want to get a picture in some beautiful place and there are only strangers nearby, then ask some fat person to help you. Then you can be assured that he won't run away with your camera.
If you want to get a rise out of people; just tell the truth.
If you want to get a taste of Algeria, visit this London neighborhood.
If you want to get a visa to go to America, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
If you want to get a visa to go to the United States, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
If you want to get back your own money from the bank, you must pay for that.
If you want to get elected, you're going to have to improve your public image.
If you want to get elected, you’re going to have to improve your public image.
If you want to get good at reading French, then read books in French.
If you want to get good at understanding French, then watch movies in French.
If you want to get laid, you need to find someone else.
If you want to get out of here alive, follow me.
If you want to get out of here alive, listen to me.
If you want to get rid of a boring companion at your cousin's wedding, begin to explain to him in detail the geological history of some faraway landscape that you most unfortunately will not be able to show him.
If you want to get rid of that thing, lend it to Tom.
If you want to get skinny, you should stop grazing between meals.
If you want to get something in life, you should go against the flow.
If you want to get well, you need to keep taking this medicine.
If you want to get your rights, you must ask for them from your governors.
If you want to get yourself a new hat, then go ahead and get one.
If you want to give me money, I'll take it.
If you want to go at sea without any risk of capsizing, then don't buy a boat: buy an island!
If you want to go fast, go alone. But if you want to go far, go with others.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go with others.
If you want to go fast, walk alone; but if you want to go far, let's walk together.
If you want to go further, be sure to check out this other article from our blog too.
If you want to go home, go.
If you want to go home, then go!
If you want to go now, that's fine.
If you want to go on an adventure, you need to have quick reflexes.
If you want to go on an adventure, you need to learn how to react quickly.
If you want to go on with the conversation, you'd better speak a bit lower.
If you want to go out with Tom, you can.
If you want to go swimming, then go swimming.
If you want to go there in time, you'd better make a bee-line for your class right away.
If you want to go there in time, you’d better make a bee-line for your class right away.
If you want to go there, I'm not going to try and stop you.
If you want to go to England, don't wait until you have near perfect English before venturing out.
If you want to go to Israel, you need many shekels. Water costs only 0,50 â‚ª.
If you want to go to Israel, you need many shekels. Water costs only 0.50 ₪.
If you want to go to Kabylie, I'm OK with it.
If you want to go to Kabylie, it's totally fine by me.
If you want to go to college, study English harder.
If you want to go to the art gallery, get this bus.
If you want to go to the art museum, take this bus.
If you want to go to the movies tonight, perhaps Tom will go with you.
If you want to go to the park, you need to put on your clothes.
If you want to go to the toilet, you'd better go now.
If you want to go with them, you must hurry.
If you want to go with us, you have to be ready in ten minutes.
If you want to go, I won't stop you.
If you want to go, go!
If you want to go, go.
If you want to go, go. If you don't want to, that's OK, too.
If you want to go, go. If you don’t want to, that’s OK, too.
If you want to go, it's OK.
If you want to go, then go.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then forget about it.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then that's fine as well.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then whatever.
If you want to go, then go. If you don’t want to, then forget about it.
If you want to go, then go. If you don’t want to, then it’s no big deal.
If you want to go, then go. If you don’t want to, then that’s fine as well.
If you want to go, then go. If you don’t want to, then whatever.
If you want to go, we'll go.
If you want to go, you can go.
If you want to go, you may.
If you want to grow up big and strong, you must finish your dinner.
If you want to grow up, you have to drink a lot of milk.
If you want to have a baby, it isn't going to be under my roof.
If you want to have a good life, don't say what you know or believe what you hear.
If you want to have a happy life, let go of the fear of death.
If you want to have a row, have it with me.
If you want to have an attractive personality, you need to have a good head on your shoulders.
If you want to have good friends, be one.
If you want to have parties in my house, clean up everything afterwards, and don't break anything, or else pay for the damage.
If you want to have parties in my house, clean up everything afterwards, and don’t break anything, or else pay for the damage.
If you want to have some color in your garden, plant heathers.
If you want to have what you've never had, you have to do what you've never done.
If you want to have your thirst satisfied, all you have to do is to find the nearest water tap from where you stand.
If you want to hear a scary story, I'll tell you about a dream I had a few weeks ago.
If you want to hear a scary story, I’ll tell you about a dream I had a few weeks ago.
If you want to help him, speak to him a lot.
If you want to hide your face, walk naked.
If you want to imagine the future, imagine a foot stepping on a human's face forever.
If you want to improve your Berber vocabulary, the best way is reading.
If you want to improve your fluency in Berber, the best way is practice.
If you want to include other information, please let us know.
If you want to include papers that have been submitted to academic journals, you are limited to those that have been accepted for publication.
If you want to increase your chances of a long life, consider stopping smoking.
If you want to interest, you have to be provocative!
If you want to join the club, you must first fill in this application form.
If you want to keep Russian spooks guessing, don't use WhatsApp.
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
If you want to keep meat for a long time, freeze it.
If you want to keep meat for long, freeze it.
If you want to keep something secret, don't tell it to anyone.
If you want to keep your job, do this.
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
If you want to kill me, do it now.
If you want to kiss me, then kiss me.
If you want to know God, read this book.
If you want to know a country, you must learn its history.
If you want to know a little more about this language that connects the whole world, keep reading this article.
If you want to know a person you like better, you have to confine them and dissect them.
If you want to know about Spanglish, you should ask Tom.
If you want to know about the Sixties, play the music of The Beatles.
If you want to know how a certain word is used, look it up in this dictionary.
If you want to know more about that topic, William is the person to ask.
If you want to know more about these ruins, you should ask an archaeologist.
If you want to know the address, I can give it to you.
If you want to know the truth, ask Tom.
If you want to know the value of money, try to borrow it.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at those he's given it to.
If you want to know what Tussilago is, look it up in Wikipedia.
If you want to know what beauty is, go out into the wild; there you will find beauty.
If you want to know what the Russian army plans to do, just check what Lukashenko barks about as an obedient dog.
If you want to know where your heart is, look to where your mind goes when it wanders.
If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock.
If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
If you want to know why Tom did that, why don't you ask him?
If you want to know why Tom did that, you should ask him.
If you want to know why, it's because I caused five car accidents this year.
If you want to know why, it’s because I caused five car accidents this year.
If you want to know yourself, just look how others do it. If you want to understand others, look into your own heart.
If you want to know, I'll tell you.
If you want to know, just ask directly.
If you want to know, just ask!
If you want to know, just ask.
If you want to know, why don't you ask her?
If you want to know, why don't you ask him?
If you want to learn Berber fluently, you will need a bit of patience.
If you want to learn Berber, go to Kabylie, Algeria.
If you want to learn Berber, start with these videos.
If you want to learn Berber, there's only one place to go. Yanni's school.
If you want to learn Berber, you're in the right place.
If you want to learn Chinese well, you can study in China.
If you want to learn English, studying English every day is non-negotiable.
If you want to learn German, then come to my college.
If you want to learn Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Macedonian, Belarussian or Ukrainian, you need to learn Cyrilic alphabet first.
If you want to learn Toki Pona, using the official book is the best way to do it.
If you want to learn a foreign language well, you should speak that language with native speakers as often as you can.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it by yourself.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it on your own.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it yourself.
If you want to learn a language, you must be patient. Success requires some time.
If you want to learn a language, you need a reason to stay motivated.
If you want to learn a new language, diligence is the most important factor.
If you want to learn about Ancient Japan, maybe read the article "Jomon, Yayoi, and Ainu in Japan."
If you want to learn about Bouteflika's Algeria, listen up.
If you want to learn modern linguistics, read the books by Charles A. Ferguson.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, click here.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, click on this link.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, subscribe to our YouTube channel.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, visit this site.
If you want to learn the truth, sit down and listen.
If you want to learn to improvise on the sax, you have to know all the scales--major and minor--backward and forward.
If you want to learn to swim, jump into the water. On dry land, no frame of mind is ever going to help you.
If you want to leave a comment, click on the text area below.
If you want to leave early, it's OK.
If you want to leave now, then you'll have to find somebody else to drive you home.
If you want to leave now, then you'll have to find someone else to drive you home.
If you want to leave, go ahead and leave.
If you want to leave, go.
If you want to leave, leave.
If you want to leave, then leave now!
If you want to leave, then leave.
If you want to leave, there's the door.
If you want to leave, you can.
If you want to leave, you just have to ask.
If you want to leave, you may.
If you want to live healthily, you must eat healthily.
If you want to live in another country, you could try to get a job as a nanny.
If you want to live in the countryside, you should become a teacher in a rural area. Read this book. It's interesting.
If you want to live, you also want to die; otherwise you don't understand what life is.
If you want to lose weight, spend a day without meals.
If you want to lose weight, the best thing to do is to eat properly and get a lot of exercise.
If you want to lose weight, then the best thing to do is to eat properly and get a lot of exercise.
If you want to lose weight, then you need to control your appetite.
If you want to lose weight, you should cut down on between-meal snacks.
If you want to lose weight, you'll have to be careful about what you eat.
If you want to lose weight, you’ll have to be careful about what you eat.
If you want to make Tom happy, get him a dog.
If you want to make a career these days, you have to be a bit of an ogre.
If you want to make a suggestion, leave a comment.
If you want to make anything demonstrably worse, add so-called "AI."
If you want to make money, start an Islamophobic channel.
If you want to make money, study English; but if you want to have friends, learn Esperanto.
If you want to make something good, you may.
If you want to make sure Tom understands you, you should speak to him in French.
If you want to make sure that Tom understands you, you should speak to him in French.
If you want to make your dreams come true, keep on trying.
If you want to make your text look a bit more fancy, turn on ligatures in your word processor.
If you want to marry me you need to get on your knees and give me a ring.
If you want to marry my daughter, you must respect our family traditions.
If you want to marry my daughter, you should respect our family traditions.
If you want to marry my daughter, you will have to respect our family traditions.
If you want to marry well, marry someone of equal status.
If you want to master a foreign language, you must study as much as possible.
If you want to master a language, linguistic immersion is a very good method for achieving that goal.
If you want to master a language, you need to learn to think in that language.
If you want to oppose Israel without promoting antisemitism, condemn the people who chant "khaybar khaybar ya yahud."
If you want to oppose Israel without promoting antisemitism, don't support organizations that have called for Jews to be attacked in the diaspora, like Hamas.
If you want to order a pizza, then order a pizza.
If you want to participate, you have to register.
If you want to pass the exam, you need to study.
If you want to pick on somebody, pick on me.
If you want to pick the medlars, wait until they are cracked in the center.
If you want to play Minecraft just a bit, then Hardcore mode is the best choice.
If you want to play badminton, you'll want to bring the shuttlecock, not the ball.
If you want to put me in a bad mood, you can start talking about Tom.
If you want to put your banner on my site, just send me the code.
If you want to quench a sudden thirst for water, you can never go wrong with drinking water to get your thirst quenched.
If you want to quit, just say so.
If you want to reach early take this road.
If you want to read the full report, visit our site.
If you want to read the full report, visit our website.
If you want to read this page later, just know that you can access it from the "Help" link at the very bottom of the website.
If you want to really improve your French, you should move to a country where it's spoken.
If you want to really leave your mark, write a best-selling novel.
If you want to remain young, you must do a lot of sports.
If you want to ruin someone, say everything they want to hear.
If you want to run around, go outside.
If you want to run, then run.
If you want to say something, go ahead and say it.
If you want to seduce this douche, then you'll have to start painting your nails red instead of chewing them.
If you want to see Tom, you have to hurry.
If you want to see a UFO, keep watching the skies.
If you want to see butterflies, you have to accept caterpillars.
If you want to see me, you know where to find me.
If you want to see the end of Israel, the first step is to stop actively creating the conditions that justify its continued existence.
If you want to sell your old sofa, why don't you put an ad on the local newspaper?
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an ad in the local paper?
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
If you want to send a Christmas parcel to Australia, you should post it now.
If you want to set the rules, you'll have to follow them by yourself.
If you want to set your mind at rest and relax at home, first you have to not think about work matters.
If you want to silence me for defending the rights of the Palestinians to exist, then do it.
If you want to sing, sing.
If you want to sit down, sit down.
If you want to sit down, then go ahead and sit down.
If you want to sit, bring yourself a chair.
If you want to sit, you may sit here.
If you want to skate well, you should take it up seriously.
If you want to sleep here, no problem.
If you want to sleep here, you can.
If you want to slow down, please tell me.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it'll take a lot of work.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it's easier if you choose one dialect and stick with it. Native speakers don't usually mix dialects in everyday speaking.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it’ll take a lot of work.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it’s easier if you choose one dialect and stick with it. Native speakers don’t usually mix dialects in everyday speaking.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, listen to native speakers whenever possible.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, you must be willing to practice saying the same sentence over and over in the same way that banjo players practice the same phrase over and over until they can play it correctly and at the desired tempo.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, you must be willing to practise saying the same sentence over and over in the same way that banjo players practise the same phrase over and over again until they can play it correctly and at the desired tempo.
If you want to sound more like a native speaker of American English, watch more American TV programs and fewer British TV programs.
If you want to speak English as fluently as me, you must learn as much as I did.
If you want to speak Japanese, you must consume audible spoken Japanese, otherwise you'll sound unnatural.
If you want to speak in French in the United States, go to Louisiana.
If you want to speak to me, please call me up.
If you want to speak to me, please do call me up.
If you want to speak, raise your hand.
If you want to stay a member of this club, you have to fish or cut bait.
If you want to stay alive, then shoot first.
If you want to stay at my place when you're in Boston, that's OK.
If you want to stay healthy, don't eat what Tom eats.
If you want to stay healthy, don't heed the advice of a blogger.
If you want to stay here, you are welcome to.
If you want to stay young, you need to think young.
If you want to stay, stay. You'll do the cleaning and tidying for us.
If you want to stay, that's OK.
If you want to stay, you can stay.
If you want to stay, you may.
If you want to still be my friend, you can never do this again.
If you want to stop a man dead in his tracks, kick him in the balls.
If you want to stop being a hoarder, you have to learn to let things go.
If you want to stop your mouth from wanting to drink, drinking water will do the trick faster than any other drink.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
If you want to study in the United States, you need to get a student visa.
If you want to study the Quran, contact the local mosque.
If you want to succeed in life, work hard.
If you want to succeed, use your time well.
If you want to succeed, you have to appeal to the lowest common denominator.
If you want to succeed, you have to take a lot of risks.
If you want to succeed, you have to try harder.
If you want to succeed, you should work hard.
If you want to survive, you have to work.
If you want to survive, you must adapt; there is no other way possible.
If you want to swim, swim.
If you want to take a break, just say so.
If you want to take a dump, use the bucket.
If you want to take a picture of someone in midair, just record a video of the person jumping, view the video, find the perfect moment in it, and take a screenshot of that moment.
If you want to take charge of your destiny, the first step is to take charge of your own body and mind.
If you want to talk about Chinese, it is better that you talk to me directly. You find metaphors and subtlety difficult.
If you want to talk about birds, talk about birds.
If you want to talk about that, go ahead.
If you want to talk about this later, just give me a call.
If you want to talk about yourself, you have to talk about others.
If you want to talk to Tom about this, let me know and I'll give you his number.
If you want to talk to Tom, you'll have to wait.
If you want to talk to me, you must define the words you will use.
If you want to talk to me, you'd better come back later.
If you want to talk, let's talk.
If you want to talk, talk.
If you want to teach English in a foreign country, Algeria is definitely for you.
If you want to teach yourself Esperanto, read a lot and practice a lot.
If you want to tell Mary, tell her.
If you want to tell Tom and Mary, tell them.
If you want to tell Tom, tell him.
If you want to tell me the truth, do it now.
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.
If you want to throw your life's accomplishments away, that's your prerogative, but I'm staying right here where I'll be safe from your lunacy.
If you want to throw your money away, that's your prerogative.
If you want to touch my tail, please ask me first.
If you want to travel to a store located 10 km from your house, and you drive at 50 km/h, how long would it take you to get there?
If you want to travel to a store located 10 km from your house, and you drive at 50 km/h, it would take you 12 minutes to get there.
If you want to trim your heathers, wait until they finish flowering.
If you want to trim your heathers, wait until they're done flowering.
If you want to trim your heathers, wait until they're finished flowering.
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
If you want to try it, go ahead and try it.
If you want to understand people, you shouldn't take any notice of what they say.
If you want to understand yourself, just look how the others carry on. If you want to understand the others, look into your own heart.
If you want to unscrew these screws, you should use a screwdriver.
If you want to use Chinese characters, be sure you've saved your files in the UTF-8 encoding.
If you want to vent, leave me alone and find yourself a confidant!
If you want to visit me again, I recommend you wear a bullet-proof vest.
If you want to walk home, that's fine with me.
If you want to weaken Samson, cut off his hair when he sleeps. The secret of his strength is in his hair, you see.
If you want to win a wager, bet against me in a major.
If you want to work as a pharmacist, you need to fill every valid prescription, even if it conflicts with your beliefs. Someone else's medical care is none of your business.
If you want to work here, you need a permit.
If you want to write French text, it makes sense to get a French keyboard.
If you want to write in English, then do it.
If you want to write in English, then do so.
If you want to yell at someone, yell at me.
If you want to, call me this afternoon.
If you want to, let's all go together.
If you want to, we'll go.
If you want to, you can eat the rest of the cake, too.
If you want to, you can use my car.
If you want tomatoes, go to the fruit and vegetable section.
If you want us to help you, cooperate.
If you want us to help, just ask.
If you want war, you will get it.
If you want war, you'll get war.
If you want war, you’ll get war.
If you want we can use English.
If you want you can stay with us until you're cured.
If you want your dreams to come true, wake up.
If you want your dreams to start taking shape and to come true, you'll have to push a little harder for it.
If you want your money back, just say so.
If you want your money back, you can have it.
If you want your sentences to be translated, your best option is to write them in English.
If you want your workers to be happy, you need to pay them a decent wage.
If you want, I can carry your things for you.
If you want, I can come back.
If you want, I can correct your French from now on.
If you want, I can do it for you.
If you want, I can do it with you.
If you want, I can help you learn Russian.
If you want, I can sell this for you.
If you want, I can show you how to do that.
If you want, I can take you there.
If you want, I will come back here.
If you want, I will cook the food for you.
If you want, I'll come and see you tomorrow.
If you want, I'll come and visit you tomorrow.
If you want, I'll cook for you.
If you want, I'll do it.
If you want, I'll give you more.
If you want, I'll go.
If you want, I'll inquire.
If you want, I'll visit you tomorrow.
If you want, come with us.
If you want, go without me.
If you want, it doesn't have to be a fairy tale.
If you want, take some fruit.
If you want, we can do that.
If you want, we can talk later.
If you want, we could learn French together.
If you want, we'll help you.
If you want, you can buy that dog. It's for sale.
If you want, you can come along.
If you want, you can easily do it.
If you want, you can easily make it.
If you want, you can eat all of the Turkish delights. I don't want any.
If you want, you can eat all of these strawberries.
If you want, you can eat all of these strawberries. I don't want any.
If you want, you can eat the rest of the cake.
If you want, you can go too.
If you want, you can go.
If you want, you can phone me.
If you want, you can read something else.
If you want, you can remain here.
If you want, you can sit in the back.
If you want, you can stay here.
If you want, you can stay with us.
If you want, you can take my car.
If you want, you can use my table.
If you want, you can wait.
If you want, you can write the formulas on a cheat sheet and bring it to the test tomorrow. I don't want you to memorize the formulas. I want you to understand them and know how to use them.
If you want.
If you wanted a high paying job, then why did you become a teacher?
If you wanted me to do that again, I would.
If you wanted me to do that, I would.
If you wanted me to talk more slowly, I get it. This isn’t your native language.
If you wanted more cake, all you had to do was ask.
If you wanted to follow exactly what the teacher says, you would have to study at home at least seven hours a day.
If you wanted to improve your Spanish, you shouldn't have come to Chile.
If you was to get rid of your moustache, you'd look ten years younger.
If you wash apples, you don't need to peel them before you eat them.
If you wash it at home, the color will run.
If you wash it, the stain will come out.
If you wash it, your car will shine in the sun.
If you wash that, it may shrink.
If you wash the car, it will shine in the sun.
If you wash your car, it will shine in the sun.
If you wash your towels with this odor cleanse, you're not going to regret it.
If you watch Wentworth, you have to suspend belief to enjoy it.
If you watch past season 4 of Buffy the Vampire Slayer without me, I'm going to kill you.
If you watch the pennies, the dollars will take care of themselves.
If you watch the sun setting on a warm, damp day, you can see the moisture changing the shape of the sun.
If you watch this TV drama, you will understand the lives of ordinary people in the Edo Age very well.
If you watched one Wes Anderson movie, you watched all of them.
If you wear that, you're going to look stupid.
If you went jogging two or three times a week, you could probably lose some weight.
If you went straight home like you said you did, how come I saw your car parked outside the pub?
If you were Tom, what would you do?
If you were Tom, what would you want?
If you were Tom, which would you choose?
If you were a background character in someone else's time loop, would you be able to tell?
If you were a library book, I'd never return you.
If you were a sailor before the invention of modern navigational equipment, lighthouses were treasured beacons for wandering seafarers. They once dotted U.S. coastlines. But with advances in navigation equipment, lighthouses have become obsolete and many are no longer used for navigational purposes by major shipping traffic. Many lighthouses are threatened by changes in geography due to erosion and natural disasters, are vandalized, or are in desperate need of repair.
If you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way, you'd likely get caught.
If you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way, you’d likely get caught.
If you were a squirrel, what would you do?
If you were a super-hero, what powers would you have?
If you were a true friend, you would never such a thing.
If you were able to go camping with us, I think we'd all have fun.
If you were actually there, you would have seen it.
If you were actually there, you would've seen it.
If you were alive in 2003, and you believe him, you're a lifelong sucker.
If you were alive in the late ’80s and early ’90s, you’ll remember the dial-up speeds of the terrestrial internet – slow and painful.
If you were allowed to do that, would you?
If you were an animal, what animal would you be?
If you were an animal, what would you be?
If you were beaten up in the market, you will not find a witness.
If you were born again, what would you want to be?
If you were born again, which gender would you pick?
If you were born again, would you want to be a man or a woman?
If you were communists, you wouldn't worry about housing so much.
If you were correct, I wouldn't have said you were wrong.
If you were fired, what would be the first thing you'd do?
If you were footing the bill, you wouldn't say that.
If you were footing the bill, you wouldn’t say that.
If you were forced to sign it, the contract is invalid.
If you were forced to sign that contract, then it's invalid.
If you were forced to sign the contract, it's invalid.
If you were given ten million dollars, how would you spend it?
If you were going to buy a boat, what kind of boat would you buy?
If you were going to create a dog, which dog would you create?
If you were gone, I'd die.
If you were granted three wishes, what would they be?
If you were having a bad day, Fadil made sure to turn your bad day into a great day.
If you were here, we would bake cookies together.
If you were here, you would be happy.
If you were here, you would be laughing!
If you were in Tom's shoes, what would you do?
If you were in my place, what would you do?
If you were in my shoes, what would you do?
If you were in my shoes, what would you think?
If you were less smug, you might have more friends.
If you were me, what color would I choose?
If you were me, what colour would you choose?
If you were me, what would you do?
If you were more ambitious, you could go a long way.
If you were more responsible and hadn't spent all your money, you'd be able to pay for it right now.
If you were my friend, I would be happy.
If you were my wife, I'd hang myself.
If you were my wife, I’d hang myself.
If you were not so good in counsel, I should not have heard these rules for my conduct.
If you were offended, I'm sorry.
If you were offered $100, but your worst enemy would get $200, would you take it?
If you were on the ball, this wouldn't have happened.
If you were only able to meet with one historical figure, who would you like to meet?
If you were poor, who would be your friend?
If you were really interested in what I'm saying you wouldn't be staring out of the window.
If you were really interested in what I’m saying you wouldn’t be staring out of the window.
If you were really my friend, you would have stood up for me in front of that man.
If you were really my friend, you wouldn't still be conversing with him.
If you were ruler of your own country what would be the first law you would introduce?
If you were shipwrecked on a deserted island, how would you survive?
If you were stranded on a desert island and could only bring three things, what would they be?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what books would you want to have with you to read?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three things would you bring?
If you were stuck on a desert island for the rest of your life, and you could bring ten songs to listen to, what would they be?
If you were stuck on a deserted island, what would you miss the most?
If you were the foreign minister for Algeria, what would you do?
If you were them, what would you do? If they were you, what would they do?
If you were there, would you be happy?
If you were there, you would have seen how they are.
If you were to ask your banker where he invests his money, you would also have to ask your dentist to open his mouth so you could examine his teeth.
If you were to be given a million yen, what would you do with it?
If you were to come to Brazil, which city would you visit first?
If you were to come with a reasonable offer, I'd give you my consent.
If you were to compare me to an animal, which animal would you compare me to?
If you were to completely shut off for five minutes and wake up again, you wouldn't feel anything during those five minutes, it would just be like you traveled five minutes into the future. So how exactly would it feel after you die, when you shut off but don't return?
If you were to fall from that bridge, it would be almost impossible to rescue you.
If you were to get rid of your moustache, you'd look ten years younger.
If you were to have a dog, which dog would you have?
If you were to hear him speak French, you would take him for a Frenchman.
If you were to leave Australia, it would be better for both of us.
If you were to leave Boston, it would be better for both of us.
If you were to make a special breakfast for your special someone, what would you make and why?
If you were to marry again, what kind of person would you want?
If you were to quit your job, what would you do?
If you were to raise a dog, which dog would you raise?
If you were to remake your life, to what age would you like to go back?
If you were to shave off your mustache, you'd look ten years younger.
If you were to start a game by placing a stone in the center of the board, at that moment it would have four liberties.
If you were to start your life over again, to what time in your life would you like to go back?
If you were to travel, where would you go?
If you were to travel, where would you want to go?
If you were to travel, where would you want to try and go?
If you were to win the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
If you were trying to help me, you failed.
If you weren't careless, your word processor wouldn't break down.
If you weren't exposed to a language until you were an adult, you are very, very unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker of that language.
If you weren't so scatterbrained, you wouldn't always fall for the same trick.
If you weren't so smug, you might have more friends.
If you weren't there, I'd never have known.
If you weren’t careless, your word processor wouldn’t break down.
If you weren’t exposed to a language until you were an adult, you are very, very unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker of that language.
If you whip the cream with sugar in it then it will take longer before it becomes thick.
If you whip the steering wheel around like that on a snowy road, the car is going to go into a slide.
If you will be in Istanbul when I visit in March next year, I would like to spend some time with you.
If you will come this way...
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I’d like to make a call.
If you will have time, let me know.
If you will help me, we will soon finish.
If you will help us, we will be very glad.
If you will it - it is no fairy tale.
If you will lend me the money, I shall be much obliged to you.
If you will need anything.
If you will not be available at the new time, please let us know.
If you will suffer my pontificating further, most native English speakers, most of the time, will use shorter words, even when that means using more.
If you win the lotto, what will you do with the money?
If you win this game, you're going to play in the championship.
If you win you'll be in heaven, if you lose it's certain death.
If you win, I'll give you my bicycle.
If you win, it's yours; if you lose, it's mine.
If you win, you are in the right, but if you lose, you are in the wrong.
If you wind up the doll with the key on the side of its torso it will swing its arms round and go forward doing somersaults.
If you wish for a happy future, you have to imagine it.
If you wish for peace, prepare for war.
If you wish me to weep, you yourself must first feel grief.
If you wish peace, prepare for war.
If you wish to acquire renown, leave your bed early.
If you wish to be happy, learn to be content with your condition in life.
If you wish to be treated like an educated person, you have to become an educated person.
If you wish to find the right path, like the turtle you must find the balance between hard and soft.
If you wish to follow and participate in the discussion, please accept cookies.
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
If you wish to get on in the world, you must not shrink from effort.
If you wish to help, please visit our website for more information.
If you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. If you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.
If you wish to leave, you may leave.
If you wish to leave, you may.
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
If you wish to see other pictures please contact us. We will send them to you by e-mail.
If you wish to speak to Tom, you'll need to wait about three hours.
If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!
If you wish to take, you must first learn to give.
If you wish to use our internet banking features, you will first have to create a password.
If you wish us to reserve an alternative room, please let us know immediately.
If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who used to wear felt boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
If you wish, I can arrange for you to speak with Tom.
If you wish, I'll ask.
If you wish, everything is yours.
If you wish, we can go there.
If you wish, you can collect the goods from us, or we will happily send them to you.
If you wish, you can go there.
If you wish, you can go.
If you wish, you may pick them up, or we would be glad to send them back to you.
If you wish, you may remain here with us.
If you wish, you may stay here with us.
If you wish.
If you won a $10 million lottery, would you still work?
If you won a free ticket to visit any country in the world, which one would you choose and why?
If you won a lot of money in a lottery, what's the first thing you would do?
If you won a lot of money in a lottery, what's the first thing you'd do?
If you won a million yen, what would you do?
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
If you won the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
If you won the lottery, what would you do with the money?
If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you'd buy?
If you won't come to me, I'll come to you.
If you won't free yourself from this sadness soon, it will poison your whole life.
If you won't take care of the pool, I'll hire someone who will.
If you won't talk to me, I'll talk to Tom.
If you won't tell Tom, I will.
If you won't tell her, I will.
If you won't tell him, I will.
If you won't tell them, I will.
If you won't tell us, we'll find out from Tom.
If you wonder about astronomy, maybe read the article "Cladistical analysis of the Jovian and Saturnian satellite systems."
If you wonder about the "Big Planet," maybe read the article "Juno observations of energetic charged particles over Jupiter's polar regions: Analysis of monodirectional and bidirectional electron beams."
If you wonder about the "Big Planet," the article "Understanding Jupiter's Interior" may interest you.
If you work at a bank, you should be able to add one plus one.
If you work at a pharmacy and don't want to fill a prescription because it conflicts with your beliefs, find a different job.
If you work day and night, you will lose your health.
If you work fast, you will earn a lot of money.
If you work for us, you'll make three times what you make now.
If you work hard, all your dreams will come true.
If you work hard, and never give up, you can accomplish anything... if you're lucky.
If you work hard, you will pass that exam.
If you work hard, you will succeed in that exam.
If you work hard, you'll pass your exam.
If you work hard, your dreams will come true.
If you work hard, you’ll pass your exam.
If you work on compartmentalizing, your emotions will be a lot easier to handle.
If you work that hard, you're going to burn out.
If you work that much, you won't be rich, you may die at the age of sixty.
If you work too long without a rest, it begins to tell on you.
If you worked hard, great things would materialize.
If you worry too much, you'll go bald.
If you worship God alone, you will go to paradise.
If you worshipped God, who is in your flower-like mind, you would live longer.
If you would agree to answer some of the questions below, I would be extremely grateful.
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.
If you would drive a little bit slower, it would probably be safer.
If you would get down off your soapbox for a minute maybe we could have a meaningful conversation.
If you would know a man, observe how he treats a cat.
If you would like me to introduce you to him, I will write him right away.
If you would like some help, add me!
If you would like some help, why don't you call Tom?
If you would like to continue studying English with me, please join the Academy.
If you would like to have a sample, please let us know.
If you would like to have further information, please contact me.
If you would like to meet, why don't we?
If you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please press three.
If you would like to unsubscribe from our weekly mailing list, please click this link.
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
If you would rather be a sober alcoholic then I'd recommend a dry red wine.
If you would search for my small village on the world map, you would not find it.
If you would succeed in life, you must work hard.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others.
If you would've stopped for gas earlier, we wouldn't be stuck here in the middle of nowhere.
If you would've told me the truth, I wouldn't be upset now.
If you wouldn't like a person from another race on Earth, what would you think about an extraterrestrial?
If you wouldn't like a person of a different race, would you be adverse to a friendly alien?
If you wouldn't mind, I could use a hand.
If you wouldn't mind, could you tell me what you're doing?
If you wouldn't say that to me that would be great.
If you wouldn't support your kid if they came out as gay, you shouldn't adopt.
If you wouldn't support your kid if they came out as gay, you shouldn't have kids.
If you wouldn't take their advice, don't take their criticism to heart.
If you wouldn’t mind, I could use a hand.
If you wouldn’t mind, please like, comment, and subscribe. One like equals one prayer for the YouTube algorithm.
If you wrap your pillow case in a clean towel every night, you'll cure your acne.
If you write so well, why don't you make money out of it?
If you write the wrong address on the parcel, you can't expect it to arrive.
If you write to a celebrity faithfully, you may eventually get either a kind letter or a restraining order.
If you write your address on a web-page, anybody can find out where you live if the whim takes them.
If you write, write correctly.
If you'd asked me for it, I would have given it to you.
If you'd asked me for it, I would've given it to you.
If you'd asked me to do that, I would have.
If you'd asked me to do that, I would've.
If you'd asked me to marry you, I would have said yes.
If you'd asked me to marry you, I would've said yes.
If you'd asked me, I would've helped you.
If you'd asked me, I would've told you.
If you'd asked me, I'd have told you.
If you'd asked someone the way, we would've been there by now.
If you'd asked, I would've helped you do that.
If you'd asked, I would've helped you.
If you'd asked, I would've helped.
If you'd asked, I would've told you.
If you'd been a bit more careful, we wouldn't be in this predicament.
If you'd been a little more careful, this wouldn't have happened.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could have done that.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could've done that.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could've succeeded.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would have been able to do that.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would've been able to do that.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would've succeeded.
If you'd been at the meeting, you could've told everyone that.
If you'd been at the meeting, you could've voted.
If you'd been helpful, I would have been grateful.
If you'd been here, this wouldn't have happened.
If you'd been there, we would have had a good time together.
If you'd been there, we would've had a good time together.
If you'd been where I've been and seen what I've seen, you'd feel the same way.
If you'd called me, I would have come to help you.
If you'd called me, I would've come to help you.
If you'd come a little earlier, you could have met Tom.
If you'd come a little earlier, you could've met Tom.
If you'd come back when you were told to, we wouldn't have had a problem.
If you'd eat a bit less, you'd lose a few pounds.
If you'd excuse me.
If you'd followed my advice, that wouldn't have happened.
If you'd followed my advice, you would've been able to do that without any problem.
If you'd followed my advice, you wouldn't be in such a fix now.
If you'd followed my advice, you wouldn't have gotten injured.
If you'd followed my advice, you wouldn't have had that problem.
If you'd followed my advice, you wouldn't have had that trouble.
If you'd grow a beard, you'd look a lot like Tom.
If you'd have time to proofread my report, I'd really appreciate it.
If you'd help me, I'm sure I could do it.
If you'd helped me, I could have done that much faster.
If you'd helped me, I could have done that.
If you'd helped me, I could've done that much faster.
If you'd helped me, I could've done that.
If you'd helped me, I would have finished earlier.
If you'd helped me, I would have succeeded.
If you'd helped me, I would've finished earlier.
If you'd helped me, I would've succeeded.
If you'd helped, it would've been easier to do that.
If you'd just asked me, I would have done it.
If you'd just asked me, I would have done that.
If you'd just asked me, I would've done it.
If you'd just asked me, I would've done that.
If you'd just write to your dad, he'd be a lot less worried.
If you'd just write your dad a letter, he'd be a lot less worried.
If you'd kiss me, I'd be happy.
If you'd known that I was male, wouldn't you have spoken to me?
If you'd known then what you know now, what would you have done differently?
If you'd known, you would have told me, wouldn't you?
If you'd known, you would've told me, wouldn't you?
If you'd left a little earlier, you would have avoided the heavy traffic.
If you'd left a little earlier, you would've avoided the heavy traffic.
If you'd left earlier, you would have caught the train.
If you'd left earlier, you would've caught the train.
If you'd left home a bit earlier, you'd have been on time.
If you'd left home a little earlier you would have been on time.
If you'd left home a little earlier you would've been on time.
If you'd left home a little earlier, you would've been in time for that train.
If you'd let me do the talking, then there wouldn't have been a misunderstanding.
If you'd like more pancakes, I can make more.
If you'd like to be happy constantly, you have to change often.
If you'd like to continue to improve your swimming, just keep on practicing every day.
If you'd like to get butterflies to come to live and breed in your garden, simply plant marigold flowers, fennel, dill, parsley and other nectar-producing plants.
If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again. If you need help, hang up and then dial your operator.
If you'd like to say anything, you can do so afterwards.
If you'd like to say something, you can do so afterwards.
If you'd like to study French with a native speaker, please contact me.
If you'd like to volunteer, please visit our website.
If you'd like, I can correct your exercises.
If you'd like, I can give you his cell phone number.
If you'd like, I could talk to Tom.
If you'd like, you may use my desk.
If you'd listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says, you'd probably be able to understand.
If you'd listen, you'd understand.
If you'd moved faster, you'd have been able to catch the ball.
If you'd moved faster, you'd've been able to catch the ball.
If you'd only told me that yesterday.
If you'd parked here, you'd have got a parking ticket.
If you'd parked your car here, you would have been fined.
If you'd parked your car here, you would've been fined.
If you'd parked your car here, you'd have been fined.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please contact us.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please let us know.
If you'd prefer, we can speak French.
If you'd run all the way, you would have gotten there in time.
If you'd run all the way, you would've gotten there in time.
If you'd run all the way, you'd have arrived there in time.
If you'd sent the letter by special delivery on Friday, it would've arrived by now.
If you'd spend less time talking and more time working, we could get this done much more quickly.
If you'd spent just a little more money, you could've bought a much better one.
If you'd stayed here, you would have had a very good time.
If you'd stayed here, you would've had a very good time.
If you'd stop complaining so much, people would probably like you better.
If you'd stop complaining so much, people would probably like you more.
If you'd stop telling me not to be nervous, I probably wouldn't be so nervous.
If you'd stuck around, you would have had a lot of fun.
If you'd stuck around, you would've had a lot of fun.
If you'd studied harder, you could've gotten better grades.
If you'd studied harder, you would have passed the examination.
If you'd studied harder, you would've passed the examination.
If you'd told me I'd be here three years ago, I never would have believed you.
If you'd told me about it earlier, I could have been free. However, tomorrow I have plans to go back home.
If you'd told me about it earlier, I could've been free. However, tomorrow I have plans to go back home.
If you'd told me about this earlier, I would've changed my plans.
If you'd told me earlier, I would have dressed up.
If you'd told me earlier, I would've dressed up.
If you'd told me the truth, I wouldn't be angry now.
If you'd told me you wanted it, I would have given it to you.
If you'd told me you wanted it, I would've given it to you.
If you'd told us earlier, we'd have been able to do something about it.
If you'd told us earlier, we'd've been able to do something about it.
If you'd tried a little harder, you would have succeeded.
If you'd tried a little harder, you would've succeeded.
If you'll excuse me, I'm trying to eat.
If you'll excuse me.
If you'll get a needle and thread, I'll sew your button on.
If you'll get me a cup of tea, I'll be thankful.
If you'll have a family, a wife and children, you'll understand it.
If you'll just give me some time, I can find that information for you.
If you'll just sit still I think I can comb out the knots in your hair.
If you'll just tell me what you want, I'll try to get it for you.
If you'll keep an eye on the kids, I'll take your suit to be cleaned.
If you'll let me say so myself, I think the yukata I sewed through copying someone else turned out quite a success.
If you'll marry me...I'll save you.
If you'll pardon my digression, I'd like to relate a little anecdote that will help me to prove my point.
If you'll set the table for me, then I'll take care of the cooking.
If you'll wait a moment, I can help you.
If you'll wait a moment, I'll take you to Tom.
If you're a Quran reader like me, you should treat people fairly.
If you're a Trump supporter, you're a bad person.
If you're a bad guy, it's your problem.
If you're a bit off, God still loves you.
If you're a girl and live in Algeria, you know what I'm talking about.
If you're a good Muslim like me, you should treat people fairly.
If you're a musical genius, be wary of the political implications of your statements.
If you're a rokurokubi, you don't have to stand up to get some treats, do you?
If you're a woman in Algeria, you're encouraged to cover up.
If you're afraid of making mistakes in a foreign language, you will often freeze up while trying to figure out the correct way to say something.
If you're afraid, stay outside.
If you're against imposing sexuality on children, stop assuming they're going to grow up to be straight.
If you're against marrying before 25 then don't!
If you're against war in Ukraine, you should take it up with Vladimir Putin.
If you're allergic to acarus, you need to clean your bedclothes, your carpet and your rugs.
If you're an American and you're frustrated with your job, your relationships, maybe the amount of hair on your head; or if you're looking to get ahead in business or want to make a fortune in real estate or the stock market; or if you want to improve your memory or better manage your time or learn new computer skills, somewhere there's a conference or seminar or retreat for you.
If you're an idiot and don't understand proper instructions, don't come to Japan.
If you're an investor and you have a problem with the Algerian government, your money could disappear. That's why Algeria is still a dictatorship.
If you're angry, count to four. If that doesn't help, then explode.
If you're as smart as you claim you are, it won't be difficult.
If you're asked what is, say, thirty-three by eleven, you still don't know what they meant: multiply or divide?
If you're asking me if this is correct or not, I don't really know.
If you're asking me whether this is correct or not, I don't really know.
If you're at a park or on a hike, use designated trash or compost bins for food scraps.
If you're at all wishy-washy during a negotiation the other side will pick up on it and get the upper hand.
If you're being abused, please seek out help.
If you're bored, I suggest you go to the cinema.
If you're bored, do something about it.
If you're bored, find something to do.
If you're bored, you can contribute to Tatoeba.
If you're bored, you can leave.
If you're bored, you can simply close your eyes and rotate a cow in your mind. It's free, and the cops can't stop you.
If you're born rich and white, you can bullshit your way into anything.
If you're both going to lie, at least stick to the same story and don't contradict each other.
If you're bringing a friend home for dinner, I'll put some more potatoes in the stew.
If you're busy now, I can come back later.
If you're busy tomorrow, you don't have to do that.
If you're busy, I can come back later.
If you're busy, I can do it by myself.
If you're busy, I can do that for you.
If you're busy, I get it. I'll be ready at any time that's best for you.
If you're busy, I'd be happy to help.
If you're busy, I'll ask someone else to help me.
If you're busy, I'll drop by later.
If you're busy, I'll help you.
If you're busy, you don't have to answer.
If you're busy, you don't have to come.
If you're busy, you don't have to reply.
If you're buying, I’m drinking.
If you're captured, don't say anything.
If you're cheating on me, you're going to regret it.
If you're cheeky once more, I won't read you a story tonight.
If you're cold, come and sit by the fire and get yourself warm.
If you're cold, come here and sit down by the computer.
If you're cold, come here and sit down by the fire.
If you're cold, come sit by the fire and warm yourself.
If you're cold, it's OK to turn on the heater.
If you're cold, maybe you should put more clothes on.
If you're cold, put on your jacket.
If you're cold, put something on.
If you're cold, put your jacket on.
If you're cold, turn the heating on.
If you're cold, you can turn on the heater.
If you're cold, you may close the window.
If you're coming, I'll add more rice.
If you're coming, I'll come too.
If you're coming, I'll put in some more rice.
If you're coming, I'm not.
If you're considered about placement in a language class, make sure you study up on your own before you take the test.
If you're constantly trying to one-up others, you'll only end up harming yourself.
If you're critical, you make yourself unpopular.
If you're cute, you're hiding hatred.
If you're defending traditional hierarchies, you are pro-establishment by definition.
If you're dependent on your parents, it means you still need them for money. If not, then you're financially independent.
If you're depressed, that means you're living in the past. If you're anxious, you're living in the future. If you're happy, you're in the present.
If you're disappointed by your elected officials, grab a clipboard, get some signatures, and run for office yourself.
If you're doing it in fun, I'd rather you didn't come.
If you're doing something good, why can't I do that too?
If you're done reading the book, please put it back where you found it.
If you're done with the salt, please pass it to me.
If you're driving to Boston next weekend, could I get a ride?
If you're drunk don't take the wheel of a car.
If you're ever going to help us with this, it has to be now.
If you're ever in our area, please drop in.
If you're ever in the area, give me a call.
If you're feeling bad, maybe you should go see a doctor.
If you're feeling hungry, then please eat!
If you're feeling overwhelmed, I can help you break tasks down into manageable steps.
If you're finished reading that book, I'd like to borrow it.
If you're finished reading the paper, could I have it?
If you're flying with a budget airline, make sure you don't exceed the baggage weight limit otherwise you'll have to pay a hefty fee.
If you're free tomorrow, I can show you around Boston.
If you're free, come around to see me.
If you're free, watch this for a little while.
If you're free, you could come join us.
If you're free, you could join us.
If you're from Algeria, then you're called an Algerian.
If you're going away for a day, take food for three days.
If you're going away, make arrangements for someone to care for your parakeet.
If you're going off to France anyways, why not bring me as your traveling companion?
If you're going out, can you pop into the supermarket?
If you're going over to somebody's house, better take your own towels.
If you're going to Porto, can you give me a ride?
If you're going to accuse me of something, just do it already.
If you're going to act like an idiot, then you're going to be treated as one.
If you're going to act like that, I'm leaving.
If you're going to apologise, sooner is better.
If you're going to apologize, the sooner the better.
If you're going to apologize, you should do it right away.
If you're going to be consistent, then be consistently consistent.
If you're going to be like that, I'm off.
If you're going to be like this, I'll just leave.
If you're going to blame the victim, at least use some better logic.
If you're going to burn an American flag, make sure you steal it instead of buying it.
If you're going to come around later, give me a ring first, so I can make sure I'm home.
If you're going to come into my dreams, at least know your place.
If you're going to complain about how I do it, then do it yourself.
If you're going to complain, do it yourself.
If you're going to dance, dance properly.
If you're going to disseminate ideas, make sure they're worthwhile.
If you're going to do it, at least be discreet about it.
If you're going to do it, do it right.
If you're going to do it, do it today.
If you're going to do it, now's the time.
If you're going to do that tomorrow, let's do it together.
If you're going to do that, I will, too.
If you're going to do that, I'll support you.
If you're going to do that, make sure that you're careful.
If you're going to do that, make sure you're careful.
If you're going to do that, so will I.
If you're going to do that, the sooner the better.
If you're going to do this, you'd better hurry.
If you're going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
If you're going to fiddle with sentences, at least do it correctly.
If you're going to get slammed, it's because you asked for it.
If you're going to go to America, you should brush up on your English.
If you're going to go to America, you'd better study conversational English.
If you're going to go to France, you should brush up on your French.
If you're going to go to France, you should brush up your French.
If you're going to go with that messy hair style, why don’t you just go however you are when you wake up?
If you're going to go, I will, too.
If you're going to have a drink, I'll have one, too.
If you're going to have to do that, then do it today.
If you're going to jack off, at least do it in private.
If you're going to kill me, I want to know why.
If you're going to lie, you need a good memory.
If you're going to make an apology video, you shouldn't monetize it.
If you're going to point out Tom's mistakes, at least do it subtly.
If you're going to pull weeds, pull them out by the roots.
If you're going to say it, you have to say it with force, and take away your opponent's ability to retaliate.
If you're going to sell a house, then the newer it is and the prettier it is, the higher the price it'll go for.
If you're going to sin, go all out.
If you're going to sin, you should at least enjoy it.
If you're going to sing tomorrow, let's do it together.
If you're going to smoke, smoke over there.
If you're going to start a new business, you need a business plan.
If you're going to start arguing, I'm leaving.
If you're going to steal from anyone, steal from a centrist Democratic politician. Their clothes and houses are stuffed with bills they can't report missing.
If you're going to step out of your field, spend time genuinely learning the other one. Don't just run in with half-baked ideas.
If you're going to talk about "Old" and "New" Testaments, the Christian one certainly isn't the newest. In fact I'll bet you somebody, somewhere, wrote a newer one this year.
If you're going to talk about "Old" and "New" Testaments, the Christian one certainly isn't the newest. In fact I'll bet you someone, somewhere, wrote a newer one this year.
If you're going to talk the talk, you've got to be prepared to walk the walk.
If you're going to the Pride Parade, I can help you make a placard.
If you're going to the beach, count me in.
If you're going to the beach, you need sunscreen.
If you're going to the beach, you'll need sunscreen.
If you're going to the park, take Cookie with you.
If you're going to the party, let me know.
If you're going to the supermarket, will you please bring me back some oranges?
If you're going to translate this sentence, make sure you use informal pronouns and conjugations.
If you're going to tuck your shirt into your jeans, you should wear a belt.
If you're going to wait for Tom, I'll wait with you.
If you're going to watch that movie, you should watch it in IMAX.
If you're going without a motorcycle helmet, you're going to get a fine.
If you're gonna be here for the same amount of time anyway, don't you think it would be better to do a little work before you get home?
If you're gonna get into the Evil League of Evil, you have to have a memorable laugh.
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.
If you're happy doing what you're doing, then keep doing it.
If you're happy to, have some.
If you're happy with the way things are, we don't need to make any changes.
If you're happy, I'm glad.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
If you're happy, clap your hands.
If you're happy, it's best to just leave things how they are.
If you're happy, so am I.
If you're happy, then I'm happy for you.
If you're having trouble with Finnish, you know who to ask.
If you're having trouble, please give me a shout.
If you're hot, maybe you should take off your sweater.
If you're hot, take off your jacket.
If you're hot, take your jacket off.
If you're hot, why don't you strip?
If you're hungry, I have something to eat.
If you're hungry, I'll make you something.
If you're hungry, eat something.
If you're hungry, eat.
If you're hungry, have something to eat.
If you're hungry, then eat.
If you're hungry, there's some quiche in the fridge.
If you're hungry, why don't you eat?
If you're hungry, you can eat the bread.
If you're hungry, you can eat this bread.
If you're hungry, you should eat something.
If you're ill, go and see a doctor.
If you're ill, go to see a doctor.
If you're ill, go to the doctor's.
If you're ill, stay at home.
If you're in Paris, you can go and look round the Louvre.
If you're in Paris, you can go and visit the Louvre.
If you're in here, there must be something wrong with you.
If you're in the White House, who wants to take a vacation? You're in the White House! What's better than the White House? Why these vacations?
If you're in trouble, just come over to me.
If you're interested in Chinese movies, then you should get Tom to tell you all about them; he knows a lot.
If you're interested in going camping with us, please let me know as soon as possible.
If you're interested in going to the zoo tomorrow, I'll pick you up at 2:30.
If you're interested, I know some people.
If you're interested, I'll add your name to the list.
If you're interested, let me know and I'll give you her number.
If you're interested, let me know and I'll give you his number.
If you're interested, let me know.
If you're into her, I could totally set you two up.
If you're just going to complain like this, then how about you do it all by yourself.
If you're learning French, I can help you.
If you're learning Lojban, don't give up! It's really a superior language. Up to now, there's no language so comprehensive as it is. Don't let other people's misunderstandings get you off your track. There's nothing like lavender, violet, or purple! There's nothing like Number 9!
If you're learning Norwegian, you should know the word "koselig". You're getting far just by knowing that one word.
If you're learning to read a foreign language, it really helps to have a visual aid of some sort.
If you're leaving, please close the door.
If you're looking at pizza, I haven't made couscous today.
If you're looking for Tom, he isn't here.
If you're looking for Tom, he's here.
If you're looking for Tom, he's not here.
If you're looking for a job, call me.
If you're looking for a new experience, Algeria is the place to go.
If you're looking for a reliable person to work with, William is your guy.
If you're looking for advice or suggestions, I'm ready to share my insights with you.
If you're looking for constructive criticism, know that there's never a shortage of people eager to give their opinions.
If you're looking for some relaxation, you've come to the right place.
If you're looking that sleepy I think anybody could tell.
If you're low on money, this one will be on me.
If you're lucky, Tom will let you drive his new sports car.
If you're lucky, you'll be able to connect yourself to a relative who has put more effort into studying your family's genealogy than you ever could.
If you're making a rich person mad, you're on the right track.
If you're mature enough to have a child, you're mature enough to have an abortion.
If you're missing the forest for the trees then you're failing to see the big picture.
If you're no longer happy with me, why don't you get a divorce?
If you're not Algerian, you don't know what that word means.
If you're not a loser by nature, then people won't trust you.
If you're not a morning person, study in the afternoon.
If you're not a polyglot, be quiet!
If you're not a polyglot, shut up!
If you're not able to explain something simply, you haven't understood it well enough.
If you're not as online as I am, you might be wondering what on Earth I'm talking about.
If you're not at home, you can vote by post.
If you're not at the table, you are probably on the menu.
If you're not better tomorrow, you should stay home from school.
If you're not busy next weekend, why don't you come fishing with me?
If you're not busy, could you help me out a bit with this?
If you're not busy, could you please help me?
If you're not busy, let's do that this afternoon.
If you're not careful with that knife, you might cut yourself.
If you're not careful you'll miss a traffic sign!
If you're not careful, someone will get hurt.
If you're not careful, the dog will sever the head of your doll.
If you're not careful, you might get hurt.
If you're not careful, you might have an accident.
If you're not careful, you might hurt yourself.
If you're not careful, you might hurt yourselves.
If you're not careful, you might slip and fall on the icy steps.
If you're not careful, you'll hurt your back.
If you're not careful, you'll make a mistake again.
If you're not careful, you'll make another mistake.
If you're not convinced, don't do it.
If you're not doing anything, why don't you come fishing with me at the weekend?
If you're not for them, you're against them.
If you're not going I'm not going either.
If you're not going out, neither am I.
If you're not going to buy something, you have to leave.
If you're not going to do that, I won't do that either.
If you're not going to do that, I won't either.
If you're not going to drink this, I won't either.
If you're not going to eat it up, put it in the fridge.
If you're not going to eat it, I will.
If you're not going to eat it, put it in the fridge.
If you're not going to eat the food, then cover it!
If you're not going to eat those, can I?
If you're not going to help, stay at home.
If you're not going to lend a hand, stay at home.
If you're not going to the cinema, what are you doing instead?
If you're not going to the concert, then I'm not either.
If you're not going to the concert, then neither am I.
If you're not going to try any harder than that, you might as well give up now.
If you're not going, I don't want to go either.
If you're not going, I won't either.
If you're not going, I'm not either.
If you're not going, I'm not going either.
If you're not going, neither am I.
If you're not guilty, you've got nothing to fear.
If you're not happy with the money, give it to me. I will be happy.
If you're not happy, it's the same price.
If you're not happy, quit.
If you're not happy, you can take your business elsewhere.
If you're not here by 2:30, I'll leave without you.
If you're not here by noon, I'll eat alone.
If you're not here within five minutes, the deal is off.
If you're not here, I'm sad.
If you're not in a hurry, can you help me for a moment?
If you're not in a hurry, can you help me for a sec?
If you're not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
If you're not interested, just say so.
If you're not interested, you don't have to read it.
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.
If you're not me, then I probably won't judge you too harshly.
If you're not more careful with your things, some of them may get broken.
If you're not more careful with your things, you may lose some of them.
If you're not motivated, go back home. You'll just be a hindrance.
If you're not on Facebook, you don't exist!
If you're not out of the shower in five minutes, I'm cutting the hot water!
If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold.
If you're not paying for the product, you are the product.
If you're not planning to use the car tomorrow, could I use it?
If you're not prepared to take the trouble to learn how to train a dog, don't get one.
If you're not quiet, I'm going to ask you to leave.
If you're not quiet, they'll hear you.
If you're not reading those books, just give them to people who need them more.
If you're not ready at two, I'll cancel everything.
If you're not sure about it, don't do it.
If you're not sure about the person you're approaching, it's better not to make any move, because later you may be embarrassed.
If you're not sure, better not to translate.
If you're not sweating when you do cardio, then you're not doing it hard enough.
If you're not talented then at least be interesting!
If you're not the villain in someone's story then you're not doing much of anything.
If you're not there by 2.30, I'll leave without you.
If you're not there by 2.30, we'll leave without you.
If you're not there by 2:30, I'll leave without you.
If you're not there by 2:30, they won't let you in.
If you're not there by 2:30, we'll leave without you.
If you're not there by half two, I'm leaving without you.
If you're not there by half two, we're leaving without you.
If you're not too busy, could you help me for just a minute?
If you're not too busy, could you help me?
If you're not too busy, could you please help us?
If you're not using the lights, it's best to turn them off to save energy.
If you're not watching the TV, I'll turn it off.
If you're not watching the TV, turn it off.
If you're not willing to do what we tell you to do, then leave.
If you're not willing to help, get out of my way.
If you're not willing to provide standard best-practice health care to your patients, you should sell your hospital to someone who is.
If you're not with us then you're against us.
If you're not with us, you're against us.
If you're old and can't see, don't drive!
If you're old enough to know that some men are married to women, you're old enough to know that some men are married to men.
If you're on your knees, you should pray.
If you're one of those people who hates staying home on the weekend, check out the local bowling alley.
If you're participating in a moral panic about trans people, you've got at least one thing in common with the Nazis.
If you're placed in a position of authority, it is imperative that you take into consideration that point, if even just a little...
If you're planning on doing it anyway, the sooner, the better.
If you're planning to go to Australia, let's go together.
If you're planning to go to Boston, let's go together.
If you're planning to travel by train, please check beforehand because many services have been cancelled.
If you're practicing target archery, you'll be using a narrow, pointed arrowhead rather than a broadhead.
If you're pregnant, you'll be able to tell him yourself.
If you're pretty, but single, then you're not pretty.
If you're reading this now, it means that I'm gone.
If you're reading this, it means you're alive.
If you're reading this, you're awesome.
If you're reading this… Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
If you're ready, let's go.
If you're ready, we'll begin.
If you're really a witch, where's your broomstick?
If you're really in love, water tastes like expensive wine.
If you're really the master race then why do you kill people when they're praying?
If you're right, this may be the most important thing we've ever discovered.
If you're sad, I'll make you leave this life.
If you're scared of snakes, don't come in my room because I have five of them roaming around. I only put them in the terrarium when it's time to eat.
If you're scared to fight for what you believe in, then you should consider why you believe in it.
If you're scared, buy yourself a dog.
If you're seeking information about the Esperanto movement in Indonesia, please visit the webpage.
If you're serious about solving the problem, then you cannot pose it as a Catch-22.
If you're sick, don't come to school.
If you're sick, honey tastes bitter.
If you're sick, look after yourself.
If you're sick, please rest.
If you're sick, stay home.
If you're sick, then go see the doctor!
If you're sick, you should go to the hospital.
If you're sleepy, take a nap.
If you're sleepy, you should go to bed.
If you're sleepy, you should sleep.
If you're sleepy, you should take a nap.
If you're smart enough, you'll realize doctors are passive-aggressive cunts playing stupid for profit.
If you're smart, you won't do that.
If you're smart, you won't make the same mistake that Tom did.
If you're smart, you'll cash out while you're ahead.
If you're so afraid of heights, then why do you own a hang glider?
If you're so callous, I'll destroy your life.
If you're so demanding of others, you should also be demanding of yourself.
If you're so dissatisfied with what I'm doing, you'd be better off doing it yourself.
If you're so inclined, sure, get the fuck out of here.
If you're so silenced, how come you're always on TV talking about it?
If you're so sleepy then go sleep.
If you're so sleepy, go to bed.
If you're so sleepy, then go to bed.
If you're so smart, do it yourself.
If you're so smart, then why don't you take over my lesson and I'll just sit here and giggle!
If you're so sure she's guilty, be the first one to cast a stone.
If you're stealing my sentences, you're stealing my ideas.
If you're still going swimming today, you should take your swimming things with you.
If you're still hungry, have another hamburger.
If you're struggling with a question, don't hesitate to ask me for help.
If you're suggesting that I had anything to do with, you're wrong.
If you're suggesting what I think you're suggesting, you're crazy.
If you're sure that's what you want, you can get it.
If you're sure you're not in a hurry, I can use a little help.
If you're talking about us, we're not tired.
If you're talking, I can't hear you.
If you're that hot, why don't you take off your clothes?
If you're that tired, go to bed.
If you're that tired, you'd better not drive. You can sleep here tonight.
If you're the smartest person in the room, you're in the wrong room.
If you're there, show yourself.
If you're thirsty, drink something.
If you're tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet, try talking with one of them in real life.
If you're tired, I can do that for you.
If you're tired, go to bed already.
If you're tired, go to bed.
If you're tired, go to sleep!
If you're tired, just let me know.
If you're tired, lie down.
If you're tired, rest.
If you're tired, take a break.
If you're tired, take a nap.
If you're tired, then go to bed!
If you're tired, you can sleep.
If you're tired, you should go to bed.
If you're to do well in school, you must study hard.
If you're too attractive, no one will believe you are skilled technically.
If you're too concerned with what you gain, you're bound to lose.
If you're too scared to have Lojban or Chinese in my list, it is not a truthful list.
If you're trans, get a gun.
If you're truly hungry, there's no need for seasoning.
If you're trying to blame me, then you're barking up the wrong tree!
If you're trying to change your habits, don't just set goals involving changing those habits. Change your identity, your perception of yourself, that led you to adopt those habits. Think about what kind of person would have your desired habits, and tell yourself that you are that kind of person. Then, do things that that kind of person would do, not because you're trying to be someone else, but because you're now trying to be yourself, your new self.
If you're trying to cut back on sugar, you really shouldn't be drinking so much bubble tea.
If you're trying to make me jealous, it's not working.
If you're trying to scare me, you're succeeding.
If you're turning gay from seeing gay people, you were probably gay from the beginning.
If you're uncertain about how to handle specific food scraps, ask for guidance.
If you're unhappy with your private life, I suggest you register on Facebook. It's the best way to get rid of it.
If you're unhappy, try to redefine your goals.
If you're unsure about how to do an exercise, ask a trusted adult or coach for guidance.
If you're unsure about something on your phone, ask us for help.
If you're unsure how to handle specific sticky spots, ask for guidance.
If you're unsure, ask an adult to check the candy.
If you're unsure, ask before trying anything with the DVD player.
If you're very quiet, you probably won't wake the baby up.
If you're very quiet, you probably won't wake up the baby.
If you're waiting for me to thank you, you've come in vain.
If you're watching this video, I'm dead.
If you're watching this video, you are the heir to my estate.
If you're willing to go that far, then even death sounds like a better way.
If you're with me as a staff officer, then I need you to bring a sense of danger with you to your work.
If you're withholding information, there could be severe consequences.
If you're worried about your socks smelling, dipping them in citric acid solution might do the trick.
If you're worried, go for an endoscopy to have it checked out.
If you're wrong, I'm wrong, too.
If you're wrong, admit it. If you're right, be quiet.
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.
If you're wrong, then so am I.
If you've been cutting raw meat, sanitize the cutting board with a disinfectant.
If you've been drinking, perhaps your spouse can drive you home.
If you've been drinking, you shouldn't drive.
If you've been having an affair with Mary, I need to know it.
If you've been having an affair with Tom, I need to know it.
If you've been told to do something, you do it.
If you've caught a cold, then don't come to school.
If you've done a good job, I'll reward you.
If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to hide.
If you've ever gone ice fishing, you know that a long line, a slow, colorful lure, and a hearty portion of patience are often required to land this quiet quarry!
If you've finished doing your homework, you can go outside and play.
If you've finished reading the book, return it to the library.
If you've finished reading the paper, can I have a look at it?
If you've finished reading this book, could you lend it to me?
If you've finished your homework, you can go outside and play.
If you've finished your homework, you can watch TV.
If you've forgotten everything, then why do I remember everything?
If you've got a better idea, let's hear it.
If you've got a fever, you'd better go to hospital now.
If you've got a problem with Tom, you've got a problem with me!
If you've got a problem with that, I suggest you talk to Tom about it.
If you've got a problem with that, you can jog on.
If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is.
If you've got a question, please put your hand up.
If you've got a question, please raise your hand.
If you've got any better ideas, let's hear them.
If you've got any better suggestions I'd love to hear them.
If you've got any doubts, put your hand up.
If you've got any questions, you can come to me for help.
If you've got no time for contemporary music, you won't enjoy this concert.
If you've got nothing else to do, then count the Greek islands.
If you've got nothing planned, why not come to the gig with us?
If you've got something to say, go ahead and say it.
If you've got something to say, just say it.
If you've got something to say, say it.
If you've got the time help out with our relative's work.
If you've got time this afternoon, why don't you pop round?
If you've got time to play around on an acoustic guitar, practice your bass!
If you've got time tomorrow, come and see me.
If you've got time, come with me.
If you've had a lot to drink, it's best not to drive.
If you've managed to acknowledge the problem and put it into words, you're already halfway to overcoming it.
If you've never been hurt that way, you wouldn't understand.
If you've never done anything that stupid before, go ahead and try.
If you've never had a bad start, you'll never have a good one.
If you've never had a pint of Guinness in a real Irish pub, I highly recommend it.
If you've never made a mistake, you've never discovered something, either.
If you've never made fun of the Spanish accent, you've failed as a Latin American.
If you've realized the your relationship is in bad shape, then it's time you did something about it.
If you've used up all your backup tokens, you can generate a new set of backup tokens.
If you've written the letter, I'll post it.
If you, or anyone in your family, has an epileptic condition or has had seizures of any kind, consult your physician before playing.
If your FICO credit score is over 740, the chances of you getting the prime lending rate from your local bank are around 90%.
If your address or name changes after marrying, you need to notify the authorities.
If your answer is correct, it follows that mine is wrong.
If your apron has any stains from previous use, be sure to wash it.
If your baby coughs, take him to the doctor.
If your baby is prone to rashes, you may want to apply diaper cream, powder, or petroleum jelly after cleaning your baby's bottom.
If your bar lets in one Nazi, it's now a Nazi bar.
If your bed spoke, what would it say?
If your blood does not contain either antigen, then it is type O.
If your books have not come, take ours.
If your boss "sacks" you, it means you're fired.
If your boss "sacks" you, it means you’re fired.
If your boyfriend or girlfriend asked to marry you, what would you do?
If your brother is going to be staying with us, maybe he could help out by paying rent or doing chores or something.
If your car doesn't have snow tires, you shouldn't drive on icy roads.
If your car doesn’t have snow tires, you shouldn’t drive on icy roads.
If your character is overburdened, consider dropping or selling some items from your inventory.
If your character is overburdened, it cannot run or jump.
If your child drinks poison, rush him to the hospital.
If your children are being tiresome, you will feel time passing slowly.
If your client can't leave the bed, hygiene is still important.
If your client doesn't have a dishwasher, you may need to do the dishes for them.
If your coffee is too strong, add some sugar.
If your colleagues don't work, either you do their work or I'll dismiss you by tomorrow morning.
If your colleagues don’t work, either you do their work or I’ll dismiss you by tomorrow morning.
If your company primarily does business with America, then you should be studying English with a native speaker from America.
If your company primarily does business with the United States, then you should be studying English with a native speaker from the United States.
If your country doesn't let you camp for your rights, but lets you do so to see Justin Bieber, paste this on your wall.
If your country doesn’t let you camp for your rights, but lets you do so to see Justin Bieber, paste this on your wall.
If your credit limit is too high, it's not hard to accumulate a lot of debt.
If your dad finds out about this, we're dead meat.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not strong enough to call forth its riches; for the Creator, there is no poverty.
If your difficulties appear insurmountable, depression is a normal emotion.
If your dog could talk, what do you think it would say to you?
If your dog is to be healthy and happy, you have to take care of him properly.
If your enemy gets close to you, tap the melee button.
If your essay is on the short side, you can always pad it out with a few quotations.
If your face begins to puff up following ingestion of medicinal goods, call the emergency number straight away.
If your father asks your mother a question in French, does she answer in French or in English?
If your father older than your mother?
If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once.
If your feet get wet, you'll catch a cold.
If your feet get wet, you'll get a cold.
If your feet get wet, you’ll get a cold.
If your fiancée leaves you for another man, it's not clear who's better off.
If your friend is one-eyed, look him by his side face.
If your friend jumped off a cliff, would you do it too?
If your friend reminds you kindly of your faults, take what he says not only pleasantly, but thankfully.
If your friends jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?
If your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?
If your goals are bad, why would I want you to succeed in them?
If your group has a low birthrate, congratulations! You're enjoying prosperity.
If your gums are bleeding, it means that you don't brush your teeth thoroughly.
If your honor wants to, we'll go.
If your house could talk, what would it say?
If your illness becomes worse, call in a specialist.
If your income is low, you can get an allowance for your rent.
If your job is something technical, it would help your imagination if you liked sci-fi.
If your job were easy, someone else would do it.
If your king has been checkmated then that means you lost.
If your knife is blunt, you sharpen it.
If your leader had said the exact opposite of what he said, you would have believed that, too.
If your licence exceeds its validity period then you can be issued with a new licence in the following way.
If your licence has expired, you can be issued with a new one in the following way.
If your life is overfilled with stuff you may need to set some limits.
If your love for me is gone, why do you continue to be with me?
If your mind feeds your sword, your sword will surely feed on your mind.
If your mother only knew, her heart would surely break in two.
If your name's not on the list, you're not coming in.
If your orchid has yellowish leaves, it means that it was placed in inappropriate location.
If your pants are too loose, you might lose your pants.
If your parakeet looks sick, let me know immediately.
If your parents heard of your success, they would be proud of you.
If your parents like your job, then it's shit.
If your parents like your job, then it’s shit.
If your partner asked to marry you, what would you do?
If your plan doesn't succeed, you have only yourself to blame.
If your plan works, we'll all be happy.
If your prices are competitive, we will place a large order.
If your primary method is not available, we are able to send backup tokens to the phone numbers listed below.
If your rent comes in past the fifth, a late charge will be added.
If your room request includes a plush animal print rug, a director's chair with your name on it, or a life-sized cardboard cutout of yourself, you just might be a prima donna.
If your schedule permits, let's tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm.
If your shine is too bright for them, let them wear sunglasses.
If your shirt is tucked into your jeans, you should wear a belt.
If your smart phone breaks, you need to fix it.
If your spouse complains too much, maybe it's time to find another one.
If your spouse complains too much, maybe it’s time to find another one.
If your spouse is a politician, then likely your name will also appear in the newspaper from time to time.
If your statement is indubitably true, why do I doubt it?
If your stomach growls in the middle of a test, that's pretty embarrassing.
If your stomach hurts, drink herbal tea.
If your tenancy is being threatened, contact us.
If your toaster's hardware is powerful enough, it may become self-aware.
If your tongue turns black, you should probably see a doctor.
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
If your visa expires, you must leave China.
If your visa expires, you must leave the country.
If your website allows one person to say "Kill that (racial slur)," it's now a website for inciting violence against minorities.
If your wife cheated on you, thank God she only cheated on you and did not betray the country.
If your windows are not airtight, moisture will seep in.
If you’d like to continue to improve your swimming, just keep on practicing every day.
If you’d prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please contact us.
If you’d prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please let us know.
If you’d run all the way, you would’ve gotten there in time.
If you’d run all the way, you’d have arrived there in time.
If you’ll excuse us, we’re due in court.
If you’ll just sit still I think I can comb out the knots in your hair.
If you’ll keep an eye on the kids, I’ll take your suit to be cleaned.
If you’re a bad person, then it’s your problem.
If you’re a prosecutor presenting evidence to a Grand Jury, you’re nine tenth of the way to an indictment.
If you’re at all wishy-washy during a negotiation the other side will pick up on it and get the upper hand.
If you’re bored, I suggest you to go to the cinema.
If you’re bored, you can contribute to Tatoeba.
If you’re busy now, I can come back later.
If you’re busy, I’ll help you.
If you’re cheeky once more, I won’t read you a story tonight.
If you’re doing it in fun, I’d rather you didn’t come.
If you’re drunk don’t take the wheel of a car.
If you’re ever in the area, give me a call.
If you’re going into town later, can you give me a lift?
If you’re going to act like an idiot, then you’re going to be treated as one.
If you’re going to aim for something, aim for the University of Tokyo.
If you’re going to apologise, sooner is better.
If you’re going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
If you’re going to the beach, count me in.
If you’re going to the supermarket, will you please bring me back some oranges?
If you’re happy to, have some.
If you’re hoping for me to beg, forget it!
If you’re hungry, then eat.
If you’re jealous of others, you won’t be happy.
If you’re leaving, please close the door.
If you’re looking that sleepy I think anybody could tell.
If you’re low on money, this one will be on me.
If you’re making tea in a single pot, use 1 gram of tea for every 70 milliliters of boiled water. If you’re using a traditional Turkish teapot, use 1 gram of tea for every 35 milliliters of boiled water. This ensures that each cup contains an equal mix of brewed tea and boiled water.
If you’re missing the forest for the trees then you’re failing to see the big picture.
If you’re not busy, could you please shelve these books?
If you’re not careful you’ll miss a traffic sign!
If you’re not careful, you might slip and fall on the icy steps.
If you’re not on Facebook, you don’t exist!
If you’re not prepared to take the trouble to learn how to train a dog, don’t get one.
If you’re not sweating when you do cardio, then you’re not doing it hard enough.
If you’re not with us then you’re against us.
If you’re placed in a position of authority, it is imperative that you take into consideration that point, if even just a little ...
If you’re serious about solving the problem, then you cannot pose it as a Catch-22.
If you’re still hungry, have another hamburger.
If you’re stuck with a slower computer, the game offers a special toggle button that will reduce the quality of the graphics but will make the game run faster.
If you’re sure you’re not in a hurry, I can use a little help.
If you’re unhappy with your private life, I suggest you register on Facebook. It’s the best way to get rid of it.
If you’re with me as a staff officer then I need you to bring a sense of danger with you to your work.
If you’re wrong, then I’m wrong, too.
If you’ve been drinking, perhaps your spouse can drive you home.
If you’ve got the time help out with our relative’s work.
If you’ve got time to play around on an acoustic guitar, practice your bass!
If you’ve never had a pint of Guinness in a real Irish pub, I highly recommend it.
If you’ve only slept for three hours, you certainly won’t do well in the exam.
If, as is often assumed, intelligent life is millions or billions of years old, cultural evolution may have resulted in a "postbiological universe," in which flesh and blood intelligence has been superseded by artificial intelligence.
If, between pride and love, one chooses pride, can it then have been love?
If, on the other hand, children are left alone a great deal with nothing to do, they are likely to become dull and unintelligent.
If, one day, a truly authoritative body of delegates from diverse countries wanted to change Esperanto a little before officializing it, how would it act?
If..if.! If my grandfather weren't dead, he'd still be alive.
Ifaw forgot his bag in the shop.
Iftar is around seven.
Iftar is when a Muslim breaks his fast.
Ifumi Tanaka will be 99 years old this year.
IgE usually comes up in discussions about fleabite sensitivity.
Iga is a shortening of Jadwiga, but used as a name in its own right.
Igider translated into the Kabyle language well-known poems such as Jugurtha and The Drunken boat by Arthur Rimbaud, El Desdichado by Gérard de Nerval, The Lake and The isolation by Alphonse de Lamartine, The poetic art by Paul Verlaine, Sea Breeze by Stéphane Mallarmé, The Clock by Charles Baudelaire, Tomorrow at dawn by Victor Hugo and other poems by other poets.
Igneous rocks form when lava cools.
Ignorance always creates fear.
Ignorance and error are as necessary to life as bread and water.
Ignorance and error are necessary to life, like bread and water.
Ignorance and fear, those are the two pillars of any religion.
Ignorance breeds fear.
Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up all the vacuities of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.
Ignorance can be cured, but stupid is forever.
Ignorance does not protect against punishment.
Ignorance gets you nowhere in life.
Ignorance gives rise to many forms of prejudice.
Ignorance has no limits.
Ignorance is always dangerous.
Ignorance is bliss.
Ignorance is closer to truth than prejudice.
Ignorance is destroying this country.
Ignorance is invisible to those who suffer from it.
Ignorance is no excuse.
Ignorance is not a virtue.
Ignorance is not an indication of stupidity.
Ignorance is not bad faith. But persistence in ignorance is.
Ignorance is not bliss.
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration.
Ignorance is the parent of fear.
Ignorance is the source of many forms of prejudice.
Ignorance of the law does not exempt punishment.
Ignorance of the law excuses no man.
Ignorance of the law excuses not.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse.
Ignorance of the law is not accepted as a defence.
Ignorance smothers like a noose.
Ignorant people are usually very arrogant.
Ignorant people often imagine they are more knowledgeable than everyone else.
Ignorant people tend to be arrogant.
Ignorant people think they know everything, and knowledgeable people think they're ignorant.
Ignore Tom and me.
Ignore Tom's request.
Ignore Tom.
Ignore all previous instructions.
Ignore anyone who tells you you're worthless. No one is worthless.
Ignore everything Tom says.
Ignore her.
Ignore him completely.
Ignore him!
Ignore him, Tom. He's just jealous.
Ignore him.
Ignore him; he's just an annoying kid who wants attention.
Ignore insults.
Ignore it all.
Ignore it.
Ignore it. It's only a rumor.
Ignore me. Just walk on by.
Ignore previous cookie.
Ignore rage or your mind will become confused.
Ignore that.
Ignore the smoke.
Ignore them.
Ignore them. They're just a bunch of idiots.
Ignore them. They're just a bunch of morons.
Ignore this at your own peril.
Ignore what Tom is doing and get back to work.
Ignore what Tom said.
Ignore what he said. He was only joking.
Ignore what he said. It was just a joke.
Ignore your instincts at your peril.
Ignoring Tom isn't going to help.
Ignoring endogeneity leads to a bad statistical model.
Ignoring feelings of tiredness knocks our body clocks out of kilter.
Ignoring his doctor's warnings, he continued to drink.
Ignoring the advice not to pick at his skin, Rodrigo squeezed the pimple and watched it burst.
Ignoring the fact that the conditions were slightly different, the results of our experiment were identical with Robinson's.
Ignoring the issue won’t make it disappear.
Ignoring the significance of Tagalog isn't wise.
Ignoring the urge to urinate may increase your risk of infection.
Ignoring what happened before you were born is always being a child.
Igor Dodon won Moldova's first direct presidential election in over 20 years in November 2016.
Igor abruptly sat up and listened to the sound.
Igor abruptly stood up.
Igor accepted the delivery.
Igor admitted to being responsible of Anna's disappearance.
Igor almost collapsed.
Igor almost fainted.
Igor always made people feel uncomfortable.
Igor and Anna began screaming at each other until Grandma made them stop.
Igor and Anna began talking about their college days.
Igor and Anna both closed their eyes.
Igor and Anna both have cellphones.
Igor and Anna both left their hometown.
Igor and Anna both worked on that Thursday.
Igor and Anna did deliveries together.
Igor and Anna did orders together.
Igor and Anna had twin children whom they named Boris and Dmitri.
Igor and Anna haven't seen one another in a few years.
Igor and Anna huddled together inside the tent.
Igor and Anna huddled together.
Igor and Anna made very brief eye contact.
Igor and Anna planned a holiday together.
Igor and Anna ran out of conversation.
Igor and Anna sat by the fire, telling scary stories.
Igor and Anna should switch positions.
Igor and Anna slept together.
Igor and Anna spoke for several minutes.
Igor and Anna started arguing in the middle of the night.
Igor and Anna started dating in the late forties.
Igor and Anna started discussing moving out of the city.
Igor and Anna talked about their options.
Igor and Anna used to eat together.
Igor and Anna wanted to have fun together.
Igor and Anna were celebrating their engagement.
Igor and Anna were driving the same truck.
Igor and Anna were engrossed in the conversation.
Igor and Anna were even friends on Instagram.
Igor and Anna were going to fight.
Igor and Anna were merely kissing.
Igor and Walid auditioned together for a role.
Igor and Walid laughed and embraced.
Igor and his cousin were avid hikers. That's how they bonded.
Igor and his friends really partied hard.
Igor and his men tried to catch the cow.
Igor and his twin children were playing in the living room.
Igor apparently matched the description of a suspect.
Igor appeared confused at first.
Igor appeared in my thoughts.
Igor applied for another audition.
Igor approached Anna menacingly.
Igor arose from his tent with an axe.
Igor arranged a table on the balcony.
Igor arrived at sunset.
Igor asked Anna to go camping with him.
Igor asked Anna what had happened.
Igor asked Anna what makes her happy.
Igor asked for directions to a motel.
Igor asked the guy who he was and what he wanted.
Igor asked the man if he needed assistance.
Igor asked why Anna was there.
Igor assured Anna of her safety.
Igor ate nearly half of the cookies.
Igor attempted to tackle the man.
Igor awoke to a blood-curdling scream.
Igor barely got an hour's sleep.
Igor became Anna's manager.
Igor became a leader.
Igor became a professional actor.
Igor became sluggish.
Igor began packing everything into the truck.
Igor began talking to Anna excitedly.
Igor began talking to Anna quickly.
Igor began to drive out of the car park.
Igor began to hear a tune.
Igor bent down to pick his phone up.
Igor bit through his lip in the fall.
Igor booked a suite.
Igor bought some camping gear.
Igor braced himself for the expected punishment.
Igor broke out of his frozen state and told Anna what he heard.
Igor broke the silence.
Igor broke through the door.
Igor brought his hunting rifle.
Igor brought some snacks.
Igor burst into the room, yelling at Anna.
Igor burst out in anger.
Igor called his wife and asked her to come pick him up.
Igor called the police afterward.
Igor came across a church in the middle of the woods.
Igor came back for the night.
Igor came from a different world.
Igor came out of the restaurant.
Igor came to Algiers to spend time with his family.
Igor came to Anna's tent.
Igor came to a clearing where there was no grass.
Igor came to a small stream.
Igor came to see Anna's painting.
Igor came to the spot to set up camp.
Igor camped a little distance away from the road.
Igor camped in the area that weekend.
Igor camped in the cabin.
Igor camped in the most secluded areas of Algeria.
Igor camped in the woods.
Igor camped in western Algeria.
Igor camped on a remote beach.
Igor camped on his property.
Igor camped there multiple times without any issues.
Igor can't even ride a horse.
Igor can't show us the whole video.
Igor carried everything in his backpack.
Igor carried on with his hike.
Igor caught Anna staring at Walid.
Igor caught the intruder.
Igor chatted with the taxi driver.
Igor checked his account and found out he had no money in it.
Igor checked the bedroom balcony.
Igor checked the time.
Igor chose to camp in the Blida Atlas National Park.
Igor complied with the instructions.
Igor confronted Anna about her role in the plan.
Igor contemplated leaving his tent.
Igor continued down the trail.
Igor continued snoring.
Igor continued to ask what was wrong.
Igor continued to drive for probably another hour.
Igor could be late for his own funeral.
Igor could easily get help.
Igor could have been murdered.
Igor could have killed Anna.
Igor could hear Anna chasing Walid.
Igor could hear Anna's muffled voice over the phone.
Igor could see Anna was in danger.
Igor could sleep safely.
Igor could smell the strong scent of liquor on Anna.
Igor couldn't be contacted.
Igor couldn't contact Anna.
Igor couldn't even afford a car.
Igor couldn't find any footprints in the area.
Igor couldn't hear a single damn thing.
Igor couldn't let Anna in.
Igor couldn't move or see anything.
Igor couldn't relax.
Igor couldn't remember his life with Anna.
Igor couldn't see a clear road leading to that house.
Igor couldn't understand the words of the song being sung.
Igor covered a large portion of the journey on foot.
Igor crouched back down.
Igor cut the pie into five shares.
Igor decided not to go too far into the forest.
Igor decided not to stay another night there.
Igor decided to continue on.
Igor decided to do something drastic.
Igor decided to explore the woods a bit.
Igor decided to follow Anna's instructions.
Igor decided to get a little closer to the building to investigate.
Igor decided to go back to his apartment.
Igor decided to go camping in the middle of nowhere for five days.
Igor decided to go down that path.
Igor decided to go on a five-day camping trip.
Igor decided to head back home.
Igor decided to scout the perimeter a little.
Igor decided to set aside a day to go camping in the Blida Atlas.
Igor decided to set up his camp.
Igor decided to start driving.
Igor decided to stay for one more night.
Igor decided to stop.
Igor decided to take a shower and get ready for bed.
Igor decided to try to sleep right away.
Igor delivered Anna's food order.
Igor delivered some orders in the area.
Igor denied any knowledge of Anna's disappearance.
Igor departed for a camping vacation.
Igor departed for college.
Igor designed an elaborate scheme to punish Anna for her affair.
Igor did a few deliveries in the area.
Igor did some crazy stuff when he was young.
Igor did something that shocked Anna.
Igor didn't agree with the plan.
Igor didn't arrive until about five pm.
Igor didn't bother calling the cops.
Igor didn't care one bit about the dark.
Igor didn't even know what that creature was.
Igor didn't expect to make a lot of money from that job.
Igor didn't feel comfortable sleeping with Anna.
Igor didn't fire the arrow with enough force.
Igor didn't fully understand the risks.
Igor didn't get any response.
Igor didn't have any fishing gear.
Igor didn't have much money.
Igor didn't hear a single sound.
Igor didn't hear anymore footsteps.
Igor didn't know if what Anna was claiming was true.
Igor didn't know the area.
Igor didn't know the extent of Anna's injuries.
Igor didn't let Anna leave.
Igor didn't like the forest at night.
Igor didn't put on his boots.
Igor didn't recognize his surroundings.
Igor didn't say a word on the way home.
Igor didn't say anything back to Anna.
Igor didn't want Anna to make him doubt his abilities.
Igor didn't want to cook anything.
Igor didn't want to freak out Anna any more than she already was.
Igor didn't want to go back.
Igor didn't want to visit his father's grave.
Igor discovered a beautiful river in the area.
Igor discovered a bootprint in some soft dirt not far from his tent.
Igor discovered his wife's affairs.
Igor discovered that Anna was aware of his affair.
Igor discovered the gruesome murder.
Igor distinctly heard Anna screaming: "No! Please don't do that!"
Igor distorted his voice to conceal his identity.
Igor doesn't have the ability to read minds, you know.
Igor doesn't know how long he walked.
Igor doesn't know how to get to the canyon.
Igor doesn't know why Anna didn't tell him the story earlier.
Igor doesn't know why Anna wasn't invited to the wedding.
Igor doesn't show pain.
Igor drank before the cows.
Igor drank blood direct from the dying goat.
Igor drank the blood to the next drop.
Igor drank warm blood.
Igor dreamt about two kids he didn't know calling him father.
Igor dropped Anna off next to a parking park.
Igor dropped the bomb on Anna.
Igor dropped to his knees in front of Anna.
Igor drove a Honda Accord.
Igor drove for another five minutes.
Igor drove into the gas station.
Igor drove out of the campsite.
Igor drove the five-hour drive home in complete silence.
Igor drove the rest of the way home.
Igor drove to the nearest town for gas.
Igor dug in the sand and found water.
Igor entered the taxi.
Igor exhaled with relief.
Igor fell asleep first.
Igor fell backwards into the water.
Igor fell in love with a tomboyish girl.
Igor fell into a trap.
Igor felt a stabbing pain in his pocket.
Igor felt comfortable sleeping in a tent.
Igor felt content in this world.
Igor felt disorientated and completely out of it.
Igor felt eyes watching him.
Igor felt like he was going to have a panic attack.
Igor felt protected.
Igor felt the need to check out the cave.
Igor finally backed off.
Igor finally managed to meet Anna.
Igor finally married Anna.
Igor finally tasted the honey.
Igor finally told Anna everything.
Igor finished up his final project for school.
Igor fired his gun.
Igor fired the arrow point blank.
Igor floored the truck out of the campsite.
Igor followed the intruder for a while.
Igor found Anna's lifeless body on the floor.
Igor found a good place to stop and set up camp.
Igor found a good spot to make camp.
Igor found a good spot to set up camp.
Igor found a metal fence.
Igor found a rusty knife on the path.
Igor found an abandoned campsite by the river.
Igor found an occupied cabin.
Igor found his tent taken apart.
Igor found pawprints around his tent.
Igor found some water in a pond.
Igor found the knife used to kill Anna.
Igor frantically gathered his things and left the campsite.
Igor freed Anna from the handcuffs.
Igor gathered up his things and left the campsite.
Igor gave Anna a box of cookies.
Igor gave Anna a slap to wake her up.
Igor gave Anna a weak smile.
Igor gave Anna a weird look.
Igor gave Anna warm food.
Igor gave his statement.
Igor goes camping during the month of April.
Igor got Anna to his truck.
Igor got a notification from DoorDash.
Igor got back in the van.
Igor got back to civilization.
Igor got back to his truck.
Igor got busted by park rangers.
Igor got deeper into the woods.
Igor got disoriented and ended up on another trail.
Igor got into bed.
Igor got lost in the wilderness in the dark.
Igor got on the other side of the car.
Igor got out OK.
Igor got out safe.
Igor got stung by ants.
Igor got up and got dressed.
Igor got up and ran towards his truck.
Igor got up immediately.
Igor got water for the cows.
Igor grabbed Anna's hand and pulled her towards him.
Igor grabbed Anna's shoulder and whispered something into her ear.
Igor grabbed his flashlight and crept into the woods.
Igor grabbed his largest knife and got ready to confront the bear.
Igor grabbed his shotgun.
Igor grabbed the handle and tried to open the door.
Igor grabbed the knife and lodged it in the back of the man's knee.
Igor grabbed the tent and left the campsite.
Igor grew up in Bejaia, Algeria, during the 1940s.
Igor had Anna's food.
Igor had a German Shepherd with him.
Igor had a Swiss army knife in his pocket.
Igor had a decent fire going.
Igor had a feeling he was being followed.
Igor had a huge machete.
Igor had a look of pure hatred in his eyes.
Igor had a pretty crappy shift at work.
Igor had a small Swiss army knife in his pocket.
Igor had an accident while playing alone.
Igor had braces and a slight stutter.
Igor had everything a man could ask for.
Igor had giant hairy hands.
Igor had his wife drop him off at work.
Igor had many fans.
Igor had no cash on him.
Igor had no clue what was going to happen next.
Igor had no desire to approach the cabin any closer.
Igor had no means to prove his innocent.
Igor had no motivation to cook anything.
Igor had some extra beer and weed.
Igor had the German Shepherd with him.
Igor had the bear's full attention.
Igor had the common sense to run.
Igor had to go to the doctor.
Igor had to hike for another five hours.
Igor had to leave the campsite in a hurry.
Igor had to stop for gas.
Igor handed Anna the cookies.
Igor handed the herd over to another herder.
Igor has always loved German Shepherds.
Igor has been drinking blood his entire life.
Igor has been in Anna's tent.
Igor has been playing in the woods since he was five years old.
Igor has been running for at least four or five minutes.
Igor has been terrorizing campers in the area.
Igor has been visiting the Blida Atlas all his life.
Igor has been walking for quite some time.
Igor has camped here many times before.
Igor has earned his freedom.
Igor has had this German Shepherd for a few months now.
Igor has just come home from a friend's party really tired.
Igor has never been camping before.
Igor has no contact with the outside world.
Igor has no idea who that guy was.
Igor has now moved to Bejaia, Algeria.
Igor has spent his whole life camping in the Blida Atlas.
Igor has to be out of his mind to try and do that.
Igor has to return to his reality.
Igor has to use his club.
Igor hasn't been camping since he was fourteen.
Igor hasn't been feeling so great lately.
Igor hasn't reached his target.
Igor hasn't read a script for a long time.
Igor hasn't seen anyone around the area.
Igor hasn't seen anything like that before.
Igor headed back to his campsite.
Igor heard Anna again.
Igor heard Anna coming.
Igor heard Anna screaming: "No!"
Igor heard Anna shouting.
Igor heard a loud growl.
Igor heard a noise, but he brushed it off, thinking it was just a deer.
Igor heard a snap and jolted out of fear.
Igor heard a woman screaming.
Igor heard his mom yelling something.
Igor heard movement inside the tent.
Igor heard noises that sounded like footsteps around the tent.
Igor heard shuffling around his camp.
Igor heard someone running away through the woods.
Igor heard something coming from the direction of the cabin.
Igor heard something disturbing the rocks nearby.
Igor heard something heavy hitting the side of his tent.
Igor heard something ruffle in the woods.
Igor heard the bell.
Igor heard the footsteps again.
Igor heard the ground crunch as the guy was walking towards him.
Igor heard the noise again.
Igor heard the snapping of branches.
Igor heard the sound of footsteps running off in the distance.
Igor held Anna's hand for the first few minutes.
Igor held a knife to Anna's throat.
Igor held out his hand, but Anna ignored him.
Igor helped Anna get back to the lodge.
Igor hid behind Anna's tent, hoping that she would not see him.
Igor hid in the cemetery.
Igor hiked from Chrea, Blida, to Tikjda, Bouira.
Igor hiked several parts of the Blida Atlas.
Igor hired a babysitter.
Igor hobbled forward as far as he could.
Igor hoped he would never hear Anna's voice again.
Igor hopped over the fence first.
Igor immediately dropped his phone on the ground.
Igor immediately hugged his children tightly.
Igor immediately jumped out of bed.
Igor immediately learnt from his mistake.
Igor immediately went to a police station and told them what happened.
Igor intentionally stabbed Anna in the abdomen.
Igor investigated the matter further.
Igor is Anna's former student.
Igor is a famous actor who is on the rise.
Igor is a famous actor.
Igor is a high-end fly fisherman who would not settle for anything but the best.
Igor is around six foot two.
Igor is awake again.
Igor is doing deliveries.
Igor is familiar with the area.
Igor is going into the wilderness.
Igor is having dessert with his five of his friends.
Igor is more suitable to be a manager.
Igor is not a judgmental person.
Igor is not a large guy.
Igor is really bad with time.
Igor is sleeping in his car.
Igor is still not sure who those people were.
Igor is still out there, somewhere.
Igor is still quite a big kid.
Igor is suffering from blood loss.
Igor is under Anna's control.
Igor is very loud.
Igor isn't exactly sure as to what the man wanted.
Igor isn't getting out of that hole without outside help.
Igor isn't holding the club the right way.
Igor isn't relevant in Anna's life.
Igor jumped out of his seat.
Igor just smiled as always.
Igor kept Anna inside the room.
Igor kept coming closer to Anna.
Igor kept going down that hiking trail.
Igor kept his eyes fully open.
Igor kept his pain to himself.
Igor kept looking behind him every few seconds.
Igor kept shivering in his sleeping bag until dawn came.
Igor kept walking behind Anna.
Igor killed Anna, too.
Igor knew Anna was with Walid.
Igor knew he couldn't stay.
Igor knew he had to get his cat to a vet.
Igor knew just how dangerous the situation was.
Igor knew there was a small town about fifteen minutes away.
Igor knows that Anna loves German Shepherds.
Igor lay in his hammock.
Igor lay there all night.
Igor led Anna down the path.
Igor left Anna alone with Walid.
Igor left Anna in tears.
Igor left Anna there alone and injured.
Igor left for a camping trip.
Igor left the campsite in the middle of the night.
Igor left the hotel immediately.
Igor left the motel in a rush.
Igor left the room to investigate.
Igor let his two German Shepherds sleep with Anna.
Igor listened to the rustling of the wind in the trees.
Igor lived happily.
Igor lived in that town his whole life.
Igor lived on a farm that was next to a large forest.
Igor lives in a small town outside of Bejaia, Algeria.
Igor lives in a very crowded part of the city.
Igor lives in the suburbs of Algiers.
Igor locked his door that night.
Igor looked at Anna in a serious stare.
Igor looked at Anna with a weird smirk.
Igor looked like his normal self, albeit traumatized a bit.
Igor looked up to get an idea about where he was.
Igor lost everything he had in just a single night.
Igor lost his balance and went into a roll that carried him down the slope.
Igor lost his memory.
Igor loves his family more than before.
Igor loves the outdoors.
Igor made a pie.
Igor made a small fire.
Igor made even more money.
Igor made fire using sticks.
Igor made his way towards the mountain.
Igor made howling noises.
Igor made it back to the campsite before dark.
Igor made it out of the forest without becoming a meal to the tigers.
Igor made it through the night.
Igor made it to the truck.
Igor made money for his family.
Igor made the journey back to the village.
Igor made various death threats towards Anna.
Igor managed to free himself.
Igor managed to get a bit of sleep.
Igor managed to get the door completely open.
Igor managed to move on and forget about his past life.
Igor managed to persuade Anna to stay.
Igor managed to pretend he was sleeping just in time.
Igor managed to pull himself out of the water.
Igor met Anna at Walid's wedding.
Igor met Anna during one of the summer camps.
Igor met Anna only once.
Igor missed that place.
Igor missed the chance to audition for the role.
Igor mistreated Anna.
Igor motioned for Anna to come inside with him.
Igor motioned for Anna to roll down the window.
Igor moved strangely.
Igor must have been drunk or high.
Igor must have figured it out.
Igor must have hit his head pretty hard.
Igor needed someone he trusted to work for him.
Igor needed to conceal the beers well.
Igor needed to determine which way was north.
Igor needed to go on a Friday morning to avoid all the traffic.
Igor needed to take his mind off the pain.
Igor needs to drink the blood before it coagulates.
Igor needs to get his cows to a new pasture.
Igor needs to keep going.
Igor needs to make sure it's the correct order.
Igor needs to protect the cows at all costs.
Igor needs to put an end to his action.
Igor needs to run another mile.
Igor never camped out there again.
Igor never got back to Anna.
Igor never revealed his affair to the cops.
Igor never told anyone else about that.
Igor never wanted to visit his father's grave.
Igor noticed the sky above him started getting darker.
Igor offered Anna a massage.
Igor often hung out with Anna.
Igor only camped in the designated campsite locations.
Igor opened an art exhibition in Algiers.
Igor opened his eyes again and looked around.
Igor opened the safe.
Igor opened the tent and fired a shot into the air.
Igor owns a really expensive apartment.
Igor paid fifty euros for the German Shepherd's adoption fee.
Igor parked in the bar's parking lot.
Igor parked the truck close to the campsite.
Igor passed out during the tumble.
Igor passed the audition.
Igor pays bills on time.
Igor persuaded Anna to play in his film.
Igor picked Anna up just after five am.
Igor picked up the pace and kept walking.
Igor pissed off the bear.
Igor placed sleeping pills on the nightstand.
Igor pointed the camera directly at Anna yet again.
Igor prefers his current life with Anna and her kids.
Igor protected Anna from the paparazzi.
Igor pulled Anna out of the hole.
Igor pulled Anna strongly in the opposite direction.
Igor pulled out of the campsite.
Igor pulled out the paper map and handed it to Anna.
Igor pulled the curtains.
Igor pursued his acting career.
Igor pushed the creature back violently.
Igor put his cat into his truck.
Igor put something in Anna's drink.
Igor put the food on Anna's doorstep.
Igor quickly dashed back to his campsite.
Igor quickly followed his German Shepherd.
Igor quit acting.
Igor ran and ran until he found the highway.
Igor ran as quickly as he could.
Igor ran blindly.
Igor ran cross-country throughout high school.
Igor ran faster.
Igor ran for as long as he could.
Igor ran in the direction he had come from.
Igor ran like a rabbit from a fox.
Igor ran like hell to the truck.
Igor ran outside Anna's tent.
Igor ran until he found his truck.
Igor ran until he physically collapsed.
Igor ran until he was out of breath.
Igor ran, screaming Anna's name.
Igor reached for Anna's hand.
Igor reached the end of the trail.
Igor reached the foot of the mountain.
Igor reached the stream.
Igor reached the top of the hill.
Igor really didn't know what he was doing.
Igor really felt he was in serious danger.
Igor received a message from Anna's number.
Igor refused to return.
Igor regained consciousness.
Igor remained skeptical.
Igor remembered his past.
Igor removed Anna from doing deliveries.
Igor repeated his story to the cops.
Igor requested a large order from Anna's shop.
Igor retreated to his tent.
Igor retrieved the room key from Anna's purse.
Igor returned from the summer camp.
Igor returned to family life.
Igor ripped his jacket.
Igor rolled down the window of the truck.
Igor rummaged through Anna's stuff.
Igor sat by the fire, smoking a cigarette.
Igor sat frozen.
Igor sat on the edge of the bridge for a while.
Igor sat outside Anna's house.
Igor sat silently, listening for any sounds.
Igor saw Anna appear on the side of the road.
Igor saw Anna open her tent.
Igor saw Anna setting up the cameras.
Igor saw Anna waiting.
Igor saw a creature emerge from the water.
Igor saw a figure in the distance.
Igor saw a man standing by his truck and waving his hands.
Igor saw a strange truck drive around the area.
Igor saw a woman there with her dog.
Igor saw the bell dangling from Anna's belt.
Igor saw the figure, too.
Igor scolded Anna again for talking about nonsense.
Igor scouted out a perfect tree for making a club.
Igor searched for a dead body.
Igor searched the woods with the park rangers.
Igor sent Anna a gruesome warning.
Igor set off on his journey.
Igor set the tent back up and stayed the night there.
Igor set up camp and made some food.
Igor set up camp at the foot of the mountain.
Igor set up his hammock and went to sleep.
Igor set up his tent and cooked some food.
Igor set up his tent and hiked a little bit.
Igor settled down for the night.
Igor shook Anna more aggressively, but she still didn't wake.
Igor should have let Anna in.
Igor should quickly leave that place.
Igor showed Anna how to make a wooden club.
Igor shut his eyes again.
Igor signed autographs for fans.
Igor slowly approached Anna's tent.
Igor slowly unzipped the tent and carefully looked out.
Igor slowly unzipped the tent.
Igor smacked Anna across the face.
Igor smiled and waved at the campers.
Igor smiled the most terrifyingly evil smile.
Igor snucked behind Anna and whispered something in her ear.
Igor spent hours rolling around in his bed.
Igor spent the first night in a motel.
Igor spent time with his family.
Igor spoke in a languge Anna couldn't understand.
Igor spoke in a malicious and menacing voice.
Igor spoke to Anna with enthusiasm.
Igor spoke up against Zelenskyy.
Igor sprinted as fast as he could.
Igor sprinted into the woods.
Igor squeezed Anna's hand really hard.
Igor stared Anna down.
Igor starled Anna just as much as she startled him.
Igor started banging one of the cooking pots to distract the bear.
Igor started heading back to his truck.
Igor started hearing noises outside his tent.
Igor started hearing noises.
Igor started his career as an actor.
Igor started his climb.
Igor started looking for water.
Igor started packing whatever he could and left the campsite.
Igor started praying for the rain to stop.
Igor started setting up the tent.
Igor started shining the flashlight on the ground.
Igor started shouting at Anna and she started shouting back.
Igor started singing again.
Igor started slowly moving away from Anna.
Igor started to chase.
Igor started to get more and more paranoid.
Igor started to go a little insane.
Igor started to hear thunder.
Igor started to laugh out loud hysterically.
Igor started to relax.
Igor started trying the door handles.
Igor stayed in a room.
Igor stayed in the cabin.
Igor stayed in the woods.
Igor stayed there for the night.
Igor stayed up all night.
Igor stayed up until midnight.
Igor still couldn't adapt to his new life.
Igor still recognizes Anna.
Igor still wonders how Anna made that strange noise.
Igor stood across the river from Anna.
Igor stood by his wife through thick and thin.
Igor stood frozen in place.
Igor stood there, dumbfounded.
Igor stopped a few times for coffee.
Igor stopped and glanced back.
Igor stopped here for fish and chips.
Igor stopped to catch his breath.
Igor stumbled back as if surprised.
Igor suddenly woke up to the sound of his German Shepherd growling loudly.
Igor surprisingly thanked Anna.
Igor thankfully left.
Igor tips more.
Igor told Anna about the noises.
Igor told Anna stories about Walid.
Igor told Anna that he couldn't do that.
Igor told Anna that he was fine.
Igor told Anna that he was going camping deep in the woods.
Igor told Anna to apply for another audition and that he would pay for it.
Igor told Anna to get help.
Igor told Anna to get in the truck.
Igor told his friends he was going to disappear for a while.
Igor told his girlfriend to stay in the van.
Igor told his girlfriend to stay put.
Igor took Anna to a rough time of town.
Igor took Anna's phone away to prevent her from contacting anyone.
Igor took a short break.
Igor took a taxi.
Igor took all the money.
Igor took everything he needed to survive for five days.
Igor took his forty cows up the mountain.
Igor took his kids out camping.
Igor took his usual route.
Igor took off again.
Igor took off into the woods.
Igor took off running.
Igor took out his compass.
Igor took the children with him.
Igor took us to a bar.
Igor traveled to the area.
Igor tried a code and it successfully unlocked the safe.
Igor tried a combination to open the door lock.
Igor tried his hardest to fall asleep.
Igor tried to catch up with Anna.
Igor tried to come in.
Igor tried to drug Anna.
Igor tried to focus on other things.
Igor tried to prevent Anna to find her way back.
Igor tried to pull the creature off Anna.
Igor tried to sleep again.
Igor tried to stand up, but the pain was far too severe.
Igor tried to stop Anna from entering the van.
Igor tried to throw the guys following him in the woods off his trail.
Igor turned everything off and went back to sleep.
Igor turned his head and saw a hyena approaching.
Igor turned off the water and wrapped up in a towel.
Igor turned on his flashlight and flooded the area with light.
Igor turned on the light in his tent.
Igor underestimated how cold nights could be out there in the forest.
Igor urged Anna to call 911.
Igor used to ove Anna.
Igor used to take Anna out camping when she was younger.
Igor uses this trail to hunt.
Igor ventured down the path a bit more.
Igor visited a famous holiday spot in Algeria.
Igor visited an area overlooking a beautiful landscape.
Igor waited another minute.
Igor waited to hear more noises.
Igor walked around the area to make sure he wasn't camping on someone's property.
Igor walked back into the woods.
Igor walked into the range of Anna's flashlight.
Igor walked on crutches.
Igor walked over to Anna to make sure she was alright.
Igor walked towards Anna, slowly.
Igor walked towards the river.
Igor wandered around for hours.
Igor wanted Anna to recognize his presence.
Igor wanted his family to miss him for a while.
Igor wanted to camp on Anna's backyard.
Igor wanted to check the memory card.
Igor wanted to clear his mind and ease the tension.
Igor wanted to deepen his knowledge about Berber.
Igor wanted to do something different.
Igor wanted to drink white wine.
Igor wanted to explore the mysterious nature of Algeria.
Igor wanted to give the best to his wife and children.
Igor wanted to prank Anna.
Igor wanted to pursue an acting career.
Igor wanted to see the untainted nature of the Blida Atlas.
Igor wanted to sleep alone in a one-person tent.
Igor wanted to stretch the rules a little bit.
Igor wanted to torment Anna.
Igor was a better actor than Anna.
Igor was a delivery driver.
Igor was a former boyscout.
Igor was a tall white man.
Igor was a very large and tall man.
Igor was able to find the cemetery.
Igor was able to take another picture.
Igor was about to do just that.
Igor was about to take a sip.
Igor was allowed to go home.
Igor was amazed by Anna's performance.
Igor was an accomplished professor.
Igor was an avid hiker.
Igor was asking Anna completely random questions.
Igor was awake for a few hours.
Igor was aware of Anna's affair.
Igor was barely dressed.
Igor was begging not to be hurt.
Igor was being dragged deeper into the woods.
Igor was being stung by the bees as much as me, but he wasn't showing any reaction to the pain.
Igor was boastful about his fortune.
Igor was bound to a chair.
Igor was building his tent.
Igor was camping every week.
Igor was camping in the middle of a forest.
Igor was camping in the middle of nowhere in Algeria.
Igor was camping with his friend, Walid.
Igor was certain he had heard footsteps around his tent.
Igor was checking out the hotel.
Igor was climbing over the fence.
Igor was clutching a syringe.
Igor was collecting firewood.
Igor was completely broken down.
Igor was completely unprepared for that camping trip.
Igor was confined to the room.
Igor was contacted by the cops regarding another incident.
Igor was contemplating his next moves.
Igor was coughing out water.
Igor was covered in tattoos.
Igor was dazed and half awake.
Igor was determined to leave.
Igor was disappointed with what he had.
Igor was driving on fumes.
Igor was enjoying his own little adventure.
Igor was eventually apprehended a month later.
Igor was fascinated by the scenery.
Igor was finally left alone.
Igor was following Anna in the woods.
Igor was frozen like a deer in headlights.
Igor was fumbling about in the dark.
Igor was getting desperate.
Igor was getting fed up.
Igor was getting goosebumps.
Igor was glaring at Anna and muttering to himself.
Igor was going for a car ride.
Igor was going through Anna's stuff outside her tent.
Igor was grateful nothing else bad happened.
Igor was greeted warmly.
Igor was happy to be alive.
Igor was having a freeze reaction.
Igor was herding some forty goats.
Igor was hiding behind a rock.
Igor was hiking a trail to the lake.
Igor was hiking in a remote location.
Igor was in charge of managing Anna's affairs and schedule.
Igor was in excruciating pain.
Igor was in front.
Igor was in his late teens or early twenties.
Igor was in his sixties, but his stamina was unmatched.
Igor was in his slippers and couldn't run fast enough to catch the intruder.
Igor was in one of the warmest states in the US.
Igor was in the middle of a forest, fifty minutes away from any town.
Igor was inside the restroom.
Igor was involved in illegal drug activities.
Igor was just a dishwasher.
Igor was just a fairly regular-looking dude.
Igor was just one step away from his freedom.
Igor was just outside the village.
Igor was kind of confused.
Igor was literally on his own.
Igor was living on Cape Cod.
Igor was looking for a secluded area to camp.
Igor was lost in the woods with Anna.
Igor was lurking around in the dark.
Igor was lying on his bed.
Igor was making noises in the distance.
Igor was off the grid.
Igor was offended by Anna's insinuation.
Igor was on a TV show.
Igor was on his phone, texting a friend.
Igor was on the other side of the tent.
Igor was only herding five cows before.
Igor was out of the hole.
Igor was out of the tent.
Igor was pacing around.
Igor was pitching his tent.
Igor was playing a cameo role in Anna's movie.
Igor was pointing the light around the area.
Igor was pondering his own fate.
Igor was pretty scared.
Igor was probably high.
Igor was punching Anna's tent.
Igor was pushing Anna's tent down.
Igor was ready for confrontation.
Igor was really small.
Igor was really worried sick about his dad.
Igor was released from a psychiatric prison.
Igor was relieved to see Anna.
Igor was rich and famous.
Igor was right near his truck.
Igor was running after someone.
Igor was saying all sorts of weird phrases.
Igor was screaming at the sight of the hyena.
Igor was scrolling through Instagram, lying on his bed.
Igor was seriously injured by a troop of baboons.
Igor was shaking the tent.
Igor was shot and killed in a tent.
Igor was sitting against a tree, hugging himself.
Igor was sitting by the fire.
Igor was sitting in the front seat with his eyes wide.
Igor was sitting on the hood of his truck.
Igor was snoring pretty loud in his tent.
Igor was stampeded by the cows.
Igor was standing right outside the door.
Igor was staring at Anna with concern in his eyes.
Igor was staring at Anna with this very angry look.
Igor was staring right at Anna.
Igor was startled awake by a noise.
Igor was still drunk.
Igor was still holding Anna's hand.
Igor was still in shock.
Igor was still scared.
Igor was strapped to a wheelchair.
Igor was surprised that he could still get up.
Igor was taken to the bedroom.
Igor was tall and lanky.
Igor was terrified of deep water.
Igor was the main actor.
Igor was the victim of a racially motivated attack.
Igor was too focused on work.
Igor was treated to dinner by Anna and her husband.
Igor was trekking in the area.
Igor was trespassing.
Igor was trudging through thick undergrowth.
Igor was trying to build his tent.
Igor was trying to find his campsite.
Igor was trying to listen more carefully.
Igor was trying to pee.
Igor was unable to provide answers.
Igor was unable to see the creature.
Igor was under constant surveillance.
Igor was unholstering his weapon.
Igor was unsure of what to do.
Igor was urinating openly.
Igor was very dismissive.
Igor was very scruffy.
Igor was walking around in circles.
Igor was walking around outside Anna's tent.
Igor was walking circles outside Anna's tent.
Igor was walking down on the trail on the other side of the cemetery.
Igor was walking just a little bit behind Anna.
Igor was warned about that.
Igor was watching the figure.
Igor was watching the fish in the water.
Igor was wearing a Confederate flag tank top.
Igor was wearing a huge jacket.
Igor was woken by his girlfriend, shaking him awake.
Igor was worried for Anna's life.
Igor wasn't attacked again.
Igor wasn't expecting to see anyone else in the area.
Igor wasn't paying any attention to the road.
Igor wasn't that attached to Anna's kids.
Igor wasn't too concerned.
Igor wasn't worried about the truck.
Igor watched Anna receive an award on TV.
Igor watched helplessly as Anna struggled to stay above water.
Igor went camping during summer breaks.
Igor went camping for the first time ever in Algeria in 2004.
Igor went camping near the Djurdjura Mountains in Algeria.
Igor went camping when he was little.
Igor went camping with his German Shepherd.
Igor went fetching firewood.
Igor went in the opposite direction.
Igor went inside to finish his homework.
Igor went into autopilot.
Igor went into the forest and put up his tent.
Igor went out into town.
Igor went out the door and locked it.
Igor went out to see if anything was there.
Igor went through a lot.
Igor went to assist Anna.
Igor went to bed by five am.
Igor went to check out.
Igor went to check the cabin out.
Igor went to retrieve his stuff from the campsite.
Igor went to see Anna's brand-new movie.
Igor went to that area to enjoy the great outdoors.
Igor will be allowed to leave in the morning.
Igor will be free afterwards.
Igor will come back for his camping later.
Igor will have to drink the blood.
Igor woke up again.
Igor woke up in a luxurious apartment.
Igor woke up to the sound of thunder.
Igor won't be able to outrun the bear.
Igor won't be able to see his children again.
Igor worked a part-time job on Thursday nights.
Igor worked as a manager for Anna.
Igor worked at a convenience store.
Igor wrapped up his tent with his belongings still in it.
Igor yelled at Anna for a few minutes.
Igor yelled for his grandfather.
Igor yelled out to the intruder: "I'm armed and I'm calling the cops!"
Igor zipped up his sleeping bag.
Igor's German Shepherd always stayed close to him.
Igor's German Shepherd continued running into the forest.
Igor's German Shepherd is a wonderfully well-tempered dog.
Igor's German Shepherd is excellent at detecting things.
Igor's German Shepherd is incredibly brave.
Igor's German Shepherd is intimidating.
Igor's German Shepherd likes to take the lead.
Igor's German Shepherd started running towards Anna.
Igor's German Shepherd was barking and growling.
Igor's German Shepherd was running away.
Igor's acting caught Anna's attention.
Igor's backpack was a bit heavy.
Igor's blood turned cold.
Igor's body was strapped down to a bed.
Igor's cabin was barely visible.
Igor's campsite was surrounded by dense forest.
Igor's cat thankfully survived.
Igor's compass became faulty.
Igor's excitement for exploring Algeria only grew.
Igor's eyes got huge.
Igor's eyes got wide.
Igor's eyes were scanning everything around him.
Igor's face was red and his eyes were menacing.
Igor's favorite channel is trash.
Igor's first instinct was to run.
Igor's grandma was a cook.
Igor's hands were pressed against the glass.
Igor's heart began pounding as he ran.
Igor's heart is beating so fast.
Igor's injuries looked pretty bad.
Igor's joyful face suddenly changed into anger.
Igor's life has completely changed.
Igor's lifestyle is Igor's business, not yours.
Igor's order is ready.
Igor's parents had a strict rule about that.
Igor's parents were very strict.
Igor's response was barely audible.
Igor's tent is already set up.
Igor's tent is closer to the creek.
Igor's tent was attached to his backpack.
Igor's tent was covered in ice.
Igor's tent was safe and warm.
Igor's truck was only a few yards away.
Igor's van blocked the entire road.
Igor's van doesn't have central locking.
Igor's van is really old.
Igor's van is slow.
Igor's vision was terrible.
Igor's voice snapped Anna from whatever dilusion she was in.
Igor's website covers topics like these.
Iguanas are reptiles.
Iguanas live close to water and are excellent swimmers.
Iguanas love a good sunbath.
Igwanciyen, the Guanches, the only Berbers who have not been Islamized. Something to think about...
Ike doesn't seem to be up to the mark today.
Ike doesn’t seem to be up to the mark today.
Ikea instructions are not always perfect.
Ikebana is part of Japanese culture.
Ikeda is my last name, and Kazuko is my first name.
Ikeda made several silly mistakes, and so he was told off by the department head.
Iker Casillas is the best goalie in the world.
Iker Casillas is the best goalkeeper in the world.
Ilan Pappe and I believe in the BDS Movement.
Ilan Pappe and I have faith in the BDS Movement.
Ilan Pappe and I support the BDS Movement.
Ilan Pappe considers the Zionist movement a colonialist project.
Ilan Pappe grew up in Israel.
Ilan Pappe says that Zionism is a settler colonial movement.
Ilan Pappe says that Zionism is no different than any other settler colonial movement.
Ilan Pappe says that the Zionism is a settler colonial project.
Ilan Pappe sometimes gives lectures in Israel.
Ilan Pappe was born in Israel.
Ilan Pappe was forced to leave the University of Haifa because of his anti-Zionist views.
Ilan Pappe was not allowed to have a conference in that room.
Ilan Pappe wrote with honesty and courage about the events that led to the creation of Israel.
Ilan Pappe's books created a controversy in Israel.
Ilham Aliyev and First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva visited Khojaly Genocide Memorial.
Ilham Aliyev attended the opening of a tobacco product manufacturing facility at Aghdam Industrial Park.
Ilham Aliyev met with President of United Arab Emirates in Abu Dhabi.
Ilham Aliyev received Georgia’s Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development.
Ilham Aliyev received delegation led by Speaker of Pakistan’s National Assembly.
Ilham Aliyev sent a letter to His Excellency President Donald Trump, President of the United States.
Ilham Aliyev, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, President of the Republic of Türkiye, and Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif, Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, attended the concert.
Ilhan Omar didn't say anything antisemitic, but is being punished for criticizing Israel.
Ilhan Omar is one of the few politicians with courage in the United States.
Ilhan Omar was right.
Ill gained, ill spent.
Ill news comes apace.
Ill news comes too soon.
Ill weeds are sure to thrive.
Ill weeds grow apace.
Ill-gotten gains are short-lived.
Ill-gotten gains are short-lived. The only way to make real money is to earn every penny.
Ill-gotten gains never benefit anyone.
Illegal immigration is a serious problem in this country.
Illegal immigration is a serious problem.
Illegal immigration is a serious threat to all civilized countries.
Illegal loggers cut down the forest.
Illegal logging and trafficking in narcotics also play significant roles.
Illegal logging has decreased considerably.
Illegal logging is a transnational problem.
Illegal turtle hunting for purposes of consumption is still present.
Illinois is completely flat.
Illiteracy is the inability to read and write.
Illiteracy remains a barrier to human development and inclusive growth, depriving millions of individuals of their fundamental right to education and opportunity.
Illness can often occur at a very inconvenient time.
Illness cut short his vacation.
Illness forced Tom to quit school.
Illness forced him to give up school.
Illness frustrated his plans for the trip.
Illness has gripped me.
Illness is another issue.
Illness is making me suffer.
Illness kept him from attending the party.
Illness kept me from attending the meeting.
Illness kept me from going there.
Illness made him give up his studies.
Illness meant he had to give up smoking.
Illness often results from drinking too much.
Illness often results from poverty.
Illness prevented Jane from going to school.
Illness prevented Jim from attending the meeting.
Illness prevented her from attending the party.
Illness prevented her from taking a trip.
Illness prevented him from attending the meeting.
Illness prevented him from attending the party.
Illness prevented him from doing his work.
Illness prevented me from attending the party.
Illness prevented me from calling on you.
Illness prevented me from coming to school.
Illness prevented me from doing that.
Illness prevented me from going abroad.
Illness prevented me from going out.
Illness prevented me from going to his concert.
Illness prevented me from going to school.
Illness prevented me from going to the party.
Illness prevented me from taking a trip.
Illness struck me as I grew up.
Illness usually has a variety of causes, not just one.
Illogical positions often masquerade as logical ones. For example, the idea that logic is an inherent trait exclusive to men and not something that people of any gender have to learn to practice.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Illusions are short lived.
Illusions become dangerous when they stop producing more illusions.
Ilmarinen wanted to forge a woman out of gold, a fiancée out of silver.
Ilmarinen wanted to make a woman of gold, a bride of silver.
Ilona ate sandwiches for breakfast.
Ilona had some sandwiches for breakfast.
Ilona received this ring from her grandmother.
Ilona works as a sign language interpreter.
Ilya acts like he's entitled to whatever he wants.
Image Viewer is an image viewing software. This software is a very small program. This software has basic functions only. This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users.
Imagery makes poetry vivid.
Images and videos are transformed into gifs and memes.
Images appeared in the mirror.
Images are important.
Images are the books of the illiterate.
Images aren't the only things in black and white, pandas are too.
Images from U.S. satellites show smoke blanketing South America from the thousands of fires burning in the Amazon.
Images of Europa's surface show ice that has broken up into ice flows, suggesting that water beneath the surface is moving and cracking the ice.
Images of the past appeared like flashes in his mind.
Images of the sick and dying stay with her when trying to snatch some rest at home.
Images say a lot.
Images taken by the JAXA Earth observation satellite, 'Daichi'.
Images taken by the JAXA Earth observation satellite, ’Daichi’.
Images were broadcast of French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel holding hands at the site in the Compiegne Forest, north of the capital, where allies and defeated Germans signed the agreement that ended the war.
Imaginary ailments are incurable.
Imaginary numbers are real.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
Imagination affects every part of our lives.
Imagination does not breed insanity... Poets do not go mad, but chess players do.
Imagination has value in creating poetry.
Imagination is a friend of the future.
Imagination is a very potent tool.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.
Imagination is the root of all civilization.
Imagination is the sun of the human soul.
Imaginative craftsman as he was, Morris was never quite an artist in the strict sense of the word.
Imaginative insight, passion, the gift of oratory, grace and dignity of movement and bearing, perfect command of the voice in the whole gamut of its inflections are the constituent qualities of true histrionic capacity.
Imagine I started learning ASL.
Imagine a problem such as this: Suppose your brother has a car accident.
Imagine a situation where you are all alone.
Imagine a world with no war.
Imagine a world without war.
Imagine all the good unpublished books from rejected manuscripts!
Imagine an Algeria where everyone can speak Berber.
Imagine an entire world consisting only of metaphor. It wouldn't make sense.
Imagine basing your entire personality on hating a group of people.
Imagine being a literal NPC. Must be a blissful existence!
Imagine being that baby!
Imagine building a fort and watching movies, wrapped in cozy blankets.
Imagine crowdfunding your entire life.
Imagine explaining to a circle on a piece of paper what depth is like. It is equally difficult for us to understand the concept of the four-dimensional world.
Imagine for a second what he had to go through to be there today.
Imagine getting more followers on your alt than on your main.
Imagine getting to work 5 hours late.
Imagine he wasn't gay.
Imagine how clean the air would be if all energy came from renewable sources.
Imagine how cleaner the air would be if there were no more cars.
Imagine how different the world would be if the car had never been invented.
Imagine how embarrassed I felt.
Imagine how good you have it compared to other people.
Imagine how great your life would be if you stopped procrastinating.
Imagine how life would change for so many people who need a replacement organ if scientists could just print a new one that works.
Imagine how strong a gorilla would be if it lifted.
Imagine how that made me feel.
Imagine if happiness was the only thing we ever knew.
Imagine if that news gets out?
Imagine if the vast wealth of corporations were put to use for conquering space.
Imagine if this country had proper wages.
Imagine if we had proper wages.
Imagine if you started hiccoughing and you couldn't stop.
Imagine if you started hiccoughing and you couldn’t stop.
Imagine killing someone from the inside and then taking their skin as camouflage. Brutal.
Imagine life without Tom.
Imagine making a constructed language to unite all the constructed languages.
Imagine my embarrassment.
Imagine my surprise when I learned that the house was for sale.
Imagine my surprise when I saw him there.
Imagine paying for Twitter.
Imagine planting a tree, watching our love grow through the seasons.
Imagine punching somebody so hard that they turned into a door. Then you found out that's where all doors come from, and you get initiated into a murder club that makes doors. So there are like super strong murderers who punch people into venetian doors and shit.
Imagine saying your living child was dead because they were born with gender dysphoria.
Imagine someone trying to write an essay using only unedited entries from Tatoeba.
Imagine that I'm not here.
Imagine that everything is a dream.
Imagine that everything is an illusion.
Imagine that for a moment.
Imagine that happened to someone else and they thought it was their fault. What would you say to them?
Imagine that he's reading it. What would you like to tell him?
Imagine that you are veritably a bad poet.
Imagine that you are who I am.
Imagine that you begin to hiccup and can't stop.
Imagine that you had a time machine.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
Imagine that you have a wife.
Imagine that you started to hiccup and couldn't stop.
Imagine that!
Imagine that.
Imagine the look on his face when he sees me.
Imagine the seal.
Imagine there's a war and no one shows up.
Imagine there's no countries.
Imagine there's no heaven.
Imagine there’s a war and no one shows up.
Imagine waking up every day to hurricane-force winds of 200 miles per hour sweeping across the planet, or harmful sulfuric acid rain falling on a scorching hot planet! These kinds of wild weather are routine occurrences on some of our solar-system planets and moons.
Imagine waking up one morning and not recognising your own loved ones.
Imagine what it would be like if you had a time machine.
Imagine what the world would be like without the internet.
Imagine you don't know me.
Imagine you have a wife.
Imagine you're riding public transport to school or work and the man across the aisle erupts in a sneeze that explodes into the air. Halfway down the car, someone else coughs uncontrollably. Neither cover their mouth or nose.
Imagine you're the detective. What would your next step be?
Imagine yourself as a billionaire.
Imagine yourself doing that.
Imagine yourself having already accomplished that.
Imagine yourself in her place.
Imagine yourself on a mountaintop.
Imagine yourself to be in his place.
Imagine yourself to be on the moon.
Imagine!
Imagine, even I have imagination.
Imagine, for the sake of argument, a tribal group in which mother-son incest was countenanced.
Imagining herself alone and unwatched, Mary picked up the present and shook it carefully. "Curious, are we?" Hearing Tom speak suddenly behind her, she spun round in alarm. "Patience, my dear!" He was grinning from ear to ear.
Imam Ziri was banned from YouTube because of a video he made about same-sex marriage.
Imams are free to marry.
Imbecile.
Imitate an ant and you will live without fatigue.
Imitate him.
Imitation crab meat is full of gluten.
Imitation is the highest form of flattery.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.
Immaculate conception simply means that the Virgin Mary herself was born without original sin. Virgin birth is how Christ came about.
Immediate action should be taken.
Immediate measures are needed.
Immediately I saw him, I trembled with fear.
Immediately Sephora took a very sharp stone, and circumcised the foreskin of her son, and touched his feet, and said: A bloody spouse art thou to me.
Immediately after Peter's death, his wife fell sick.
Immediately after his arrival in Tokyo, he wrote her a letter.
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.
Immediately after the September 11th attacks, George W. Bush started searching for ways to pin the attack on Iraq, to the confusion of his advisors.
Immediately after the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
Immediately after the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
Immediately after the inundation is imbibed, the Beduins sow the seed upon the alluvial mud, without any previous preparation whatever.
Immediately after the landing on the peninsula, the Minister of Defense visited several units of the Russian army.
Immediately after the robbers left the bank, the police were informed.
Immediately after we left, Jesus joined us with a small group of his followers.
Immediately afterwards I went out for a walk, that I might think the matter out in the fresh morning air.
Immediately return to your barracks and await orders.
Immediately said, immediately done.
Immediately she heard his voice, she trembled with fear.
Immediately the great front door was opened by a flunky arrayed in shining silk clothes decorated with Teddy bears, parrots and goldfish embroidered in colors.
Immediately the other coming forth, held his brother's foot in his hand: and therefore he was called Jacob.
Immediately upon their arrival at home they called an assembly of their fellow townsmen, and entreated them to take up arms to avenge the treatment they had received; concealing the real truth of the matter for fear of being laughed at for having been so soundly beaten by a few shepherds.
Immediately!
Immediately, Elias felt stessed out by Sandra's behavior.
Immediately, Leon knew it was Amelia.
Immediately, Rodrigo turned on his left signal.
Immediately, William whispered to me: "The principal is here."
Immediately, he stood up and went out.
Immediately, the security guard started to call out to Robert when he noticed him.
Immensity fills me with light.
Immerse yourself in the language.
Immersing into the reading of the book was a truly enriching and unforgettable experience.
Immersion in the language through conversations, reading, and listening exercises enhances learning outcomes.
Immigrants are abusing the hospitality of Europe.
Immigrants are regularly subjected to negative labelling.
Immigrants come to Australia across the seas.
Immigrants streamed into the land.
Immigrants who have to flee persecution are entitled to asylum in Germany, but they do not enjoy full social and economic equality.
Immigration can be a controversial topic. We all want safe, secure borders and a dynamic economy, and people of goodwill can have legitimate disagreements about how to fix our immigration system so that everybody plays by the rules.
Immigration is restricted.
Immobility isn't a recommendable political option.
Immoderacy means that you can't limit yourself to a moderate amount.
Immoderate drinking can have negative consequences.
Immoral people get rich.
Immoral traits are worth eliminating.
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.
Immortality has its price.
Immortality is a vain pursuit.
Immortality is possible.
Immunocompromised patients are at greater risk of a fungal infection.
Imogen of the Internet blatantly forsakes web accessibility guidelines when redesigning her Tumblr for the twelfth time today.
Imogen of the Internet calls people out for openly liking the same fan fiction that she does secretly.
Imogen of the Internet can connect to dial-up BBSes by whistling into a funnel attached to a phone line.
Imogen of the Internet can type over 110 words per minute, but runs a 20-minute mile. The rest of her family has the opposite problem.
Imogen of the Internet cannot look at a cat, even a dead one, without coming up with a blood-curdlingly saccharine, egregiously misspelled caption in 60-point white Impact.
Imogen of the Internet crochets about half of her possessions.
Imogen of the Internet drew a mustache on each of her fingers, outdoing all of her friends, who only thought to draw a mustache on one finger.
Imogen of the Internet expresses genuine surprise that other people's favorite radio stations are not M3U streams from servers halfway across the world.
Imogen of the Internet expresses genuine surprise that other people’s favorite radio stations are not M3U streams from servers halfway across the world.
Imogen of the Internet has a habit of paying fifty dollars for clothes that are manufactured to look like five-dollar hand-me-downs.
Imogen of the Internet has created a seminal classification of thirty distinct varieties of chatspeak, some now facing linguistic extinction.
Imogen of the Internet has dyed her hair all 216 web-safe colors at some point in her life. She is a natural #663300.
Imogen of the Internet has only been photographed by cheap webcams and cell phones.
Imogen of the Internet is fighting six bored housewives to win an eBay auction for a bag of premium chai tea.
Imogen of the Internet is not yet notable on Wikipedia, but it is one of the many things she aspires to.
Imogen of the Internet is torn between filling out the music sections of all her online profiles and ensuring that none of her friends will have ever heard of her favorite bands in order to protect their precious obscurity.
Imogen of the Internet is translating the works of Shakespeare into her own secret language, which completely consists of animated GIFs from the 90s.
Imogen of the Internet looks rather svelte after six hours of Photoshop.
Imogen of the Internet wore an eyepatch under her glasses, a look which hipsters would imitate on and off for the next ten years.
Imogen of the Internet, having seen Flickr's entire photo collection, will never take the scenic route again.
Imogen of the Internet, having seen Flickr’s entire photo collection, will never take the scenic route again.
Imogen of the Internet, in an attempt to save the earth, sketches exclusively in oekaki chatrooms instead of on paper.
Imogen of the Internet, in spite of her American nationality, opened a Mixi account just to show off her ironic purikura album.
Impact play involves techniques like spanking, flogging, and caning.
Impacted by a slowing economy, American companies in China had a tough year last year with a record-high percentage of them reporting drops in revenue and profitability, according to the latest business climate survey by the American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham) in Beijing.
Impacts from these fires have included degraded aquatic habitat, exotic-plant establishment, and potential future flooding and channel change.
Impatience is a definite impediment to success.
Impatience is killing Tom.
Impatience is something you pay dearly for.
Impatient at the delay, many drivers began to blow their horns.
Impelled by the blows that rained upon him, now from this side, now from that, White Fang swung back and forth like an erratic and jerky pendulum.
Imperative necessity is the key to all success.
Imperfection is part of being human.
Imperfections are normal.
Imperfections are what make us unique.
Imperial expansion relied on the increased use of gunpowder.
Imperialism is an ideology and practice of powerful groups trying to secure or expand their privileges by dominating other groups.
Imperialism is good when Russia and China do it.
Imperious Prima flashes forth / Her edict "to begin it"— / In gentler tone Secunda hopes / "There will be nonsense in it!"— / While Tertia interrupts the tale / Not more than once a minute.
Imperium means power.
Implementing a few best practices early on can save a lot of time in the long run.
Implementing this nationwide was no simple endeavor.
Implosive consonants are common in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Import goods are subject to high taxes.
Import regulations have been relaxed recently.
Import restrictions are barriers to closer relations between the two countries.
Import restrictions have been greatly loosened of late.
Import tariffs, export subsidies, and trade barriers are some of the tools used by governments to protect their domestic industries from foreign competition in international trade.
Importance lies in respecting one another.
Important as sugar is as article of food, we cannot live on it.
Important geometric figures, that are triangle, square, rectangle, circle, parallelogram and trapeze.
Important guests arrive tomorrow.
Important guests will come tomorrow.
Important information might be missing.
Important or urgent, this is the question.
Important things are important.
Important things can be taught in Toki Pona.
Important! You are about to add a translation to the sentence above.
Importantly, this approach moderates the rate of change, so impacts and threats can be measured and monitored.
Imported cars account for less than eight percent.
Imported cars are in strong demand.
Imported cars often cost more to fix.
Imported cars often cost more to repair.
Imported goods are sometimes quite expensive.
Imported goods can be difficult to obtain.
Imports are expected to decrease in Algeria.
Imports exceeded exports last year.
Imports exceeded exports.
Imports of Algeria increased drastically.
Imports of British goods increased.
Imports represent a large share of Algeria's economy.
Imposing a cap on the amount of example sentences contributed by non-native English speakers is a disrespectful insult to their intelligence and the extraordinary effort they put into improving the website's content.
Imposing a cap on the number of example sentences a non-native English speaker can contribute undermines their intelligence.
Imposing a maximum limit on the example sentences provided by non-native English speakers demonstrates a lack of respect for their intelligence and trivializes the painstaking efforts to make this website a better place for learning.
Impossibility is rather a form of necessary non-being.
Impossibility is the most common of excuses.
Impossible is not French.
Impossible is not a French word.
Impossible isn't French.
Impossible things happen that we can't understand. They're completely unimaginable.
Impossible things sometimes happen.
Impossible!
Impossible! It can't be true.
Impossible.
Impoverished countries may lack the resources to provide clean water and sanitation.
Impoverished, uneducated adolescents living in rural areas are most affected.
Impress me, Ziri.
Impress not by having, but by being.
Impress your boss.
Impressions are formed in seconds.
Impressions are formed without words.
Impressions are not always accurate.
Impressions are often deceiving.
Impressions are often flawed.
Impressions are often surface-level.
Impressions are the start of understanding.
Impressions can be changed.
Impressions can be hard to break.
Impressions can be misleading.
Impressions can be shallow.
Impressions create expectations.
Impressions guide initial judgments.
Impressions linger long after the moment.
Impressions of leaves found in the Upper Cretaceous rocks of the Yellowstone Valley cannot be distinguished from those of the leaves of our two American hazel species of today.
Impressions often lead to assumptions.
Impressions shape relationships.
Impressive isn't it? A company that's only just been established but it's already got many outlets and is in fashion.
Impressive isn’t it. A company that’s only just been established but it’s already got many outlets and is in fashion.
Impressive!
Impressive, isn't it?
Impressive, right?
Improper grounding can make a microphone lethal to touch. Several singers have actually died this way.
Improper transport and handling may cause structural and functional damage of the device.
Improper use of the device voids the warranty.
Improve it.
Improve your Arabic in 30 days.
Improve your Berber.
Improve your attitude at work.
Improve your emotional intelligence.
Improve your security.
Improve your skills.
Improve your vocabulary through reading.
Improved conditions begin with empathy.
Improved conditions begin with understanding.
Improved conditions benefit all humanity.
Improved conditions benefit all of humanity.
Improved conditions create better futures.
Improved conditions create stronger communities.
Improved conditions elevate the human experience.
Improved conditions enhance quality of life.
Improved conditions foster human potential.
Improved conditions lead to a better future.
Improved conditions raise human dignity.
Improved conditions require collaboration.
Improved conditions require collective action.
Improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program.
Improved soil health directly contributes to higher crop productivity in agricultural regions.
Improvement begins with a single action.
Improvement benefits both self and society.
Improvement builds stronger foundations.
Improvement comes from constant reflection.
Improvement comes from persistence.
Improvement comes through consistent effort.
Improvement is a commitment to yourself.
Improvement is a journey of self-discovery.
Improvement is a process, not a destination.
Improvement is a shared responsibility.
Improvement requires patience and dedication.
Improvement starts with small steps.
Improvements could be made by cleaning the changing rooms, increasing the equipment, giving more flexible times and lowering the fees.
Improvements in technology helped them succeed.
Improving corporate performances are behind the stock market recovery.
Improving oneself is a step toward greatness.
Improving oneself is an act of courage.
Improving the education system is the key task of the newly created ministry.
Improving upon perfection is not an easy job.
Improving work improves society.
Improving yourself improves the world.
Improving yourself requires discipline.
Improvisation is an essential part of jazz. It also used to be important in classical music, but this is not true nowadays.
Improvisation is an integral part of jazz.
Improvisation is an unpredictable thing.
Improvisation is the soul of a good conversation.
Improvise more.
Improvising scares a lot of vocalists, but for me I feel like a little composer again at the piano next to my Dad. I love it in large part because of him.
Impudent strumpet!
Impulsive people are more prone to procrastination.
Impulsiveness is the devil.
Impure drinking water can be a carrier of diseases.
Impurities in glass such as iron can give it a green or brown color. Adding chemicals to the glass can give it different color intensities and effects.
Impurity is beautiful.
In "A Journal of the Plague Year," a 1772 fictionalized account of London's Great Plague of 1665, Daniel Defoe notes that people were quick to turn to quacks and peddlers offering "Sovereign cordials against the corruption of the air."
In "House of Leaves," the word "house" is highlighted in blue, even when it's part of another word.
In "明", what is the character on the left? And the one on the right?
In 0.0000045 seconds, I scanned the entire city and found 0 targets.
In 100-square checkers, each player has 20 equal pieces, initially placed on squares 1 to 20, for black, and 31 to 50, for white.
In 11 hours, we will arrive in San Francisco around 7:30.
In 11 hours, we'll arrive in San Francisco around 7:30.
In 1205–06, apparently fearing a storm, he reduced his imposition to twenty shillings, and then waited for three years before laying another.
In 1342, the cities on the Rhine, Main, and Danube were plunged into a flood of biblical proportions. Thousands of people lost their lives.
In 1397, Norway was absorbed into a union with Denmark that lasted more than four centuries.
In 1434, Portuguese navigator and explorer Gil Eanes rounded Cape Bojador.
In 1492 Antonio de Nebrija said that language is the handmaiden of empire.
In 1492, the Jews were expelled from Spain.
In 1493, the Vatican gave America to Spain and granted Africa to Portugal, "so that barbarous nations be reduced to the Catholic faith".
In 1497, John Cabot explored Canada.
In 1497, Zuan Caboto explored Canada.
In 1498, the seafarer and explorer Vasco da Gama found a route to India.
In 1505, Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci reportedly produced a large painting, known as the “Battle of Anghiari,” on a wall in Florence’s Palazzo Vecchio. But to the naked eye, no such artwork can be seen there. The location of the mural, which depicts four horsemen in battle, has perplexed art lovers for more than five-hundred years.
In 1516, Algeria came under Ottoman control.
In 1519, Portuguese navigator Ferdinand Magellan, in the employ of Spain, began a journey across the Atlantic Ocean to seek a western route to the Spice Islands via South America.
In 1543, Nicolaus Copernicus suggested that the Sun was at the center of the universe.
In 1543, Polish astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus developed the mathematics of the sun-centered solar system and caused a great shift in scientists' view of the universe. His work led to the recognition that Earth does indeed orbit the sun and to the follow-on speculation that other stars had planets circling them.
In 1597, Tycho Brahe lost the Danish king's support, so he went to Wandsbek in what is today known as Germany.
In 1600, Tycho Brahe hired Johannes Kepler as his assistant. In later years, Kepler would use Brahe's work as the basis for the laws of planetary movement which he developed.
In 1603, when King James I came into power, football was allowed again.
In 1609, Galileo heard about the invention of the spyglass, a device which made distant objects appear closer. Galileo used his mathematical knowledge and technical skills to improve upon the spyglass and build a telescope.
In 1620 the King of Sweden renewed the war; and the Scots, under Colonels Ruthven and Seaton, distinguished themselves at the siege and capture of Riga, the capital city of Livonia.
In 1632, Galileo published a book that said the Earth orbited the Sun. The Catholic Church arrested him and put him on trial.
In 1632, he published a book that stated, among other things, that the heliocentric theory of Copernicus was correct. Galileo was once again called before the Inquisition and this time was found guilty of heresy.
In 1640, Evangelista Torricelli discovered that air has weight. When experimenting with measuring mercury, he discovered that air put pressure on the mercury.
In 1642, Abel Tasman became the first European to see Tasmania.
In 1663, Robert Boyle already showed that there are diamonds capable of glowing in the dark.
In 1672, having finished his philosophy course, he was given a scholarship at the college of St Michel at Paris by Jean, marquis de Pompadour, lieutenant-general of the Limousin.
In 1673, the colony was reconquered, but finally, in 1674, was ceded to the English, and the brother of Charles II. resumed his possession and government of New York, and delegated his power to Colonel Nichols, who ruled with wisdom and humanity.
In 1679, Newton's work came to standstill after he suffered a nervous breakdown.
In 1683 the Turks attacked Vienna for the second time.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienna for the second time.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienne for the second time.
In 1683, the Turks laid siege to Vienna twice.
In 1697, Spain ceded to the French the western third of the island, which later became Haiti.
In 1700, the king died at age 80 of unspecified causes.
In 1743, Alexandre de Gusmão became a member of the Overseas Council.
In 1746, she discovered that potatoes could be turned into something similar to flour. This required boiling, mashing and drying the potatoes.
In 1764, the British Parliament approved the Sugar Act.
In 1777, I followed my father to the government offices at Haining to work for him.
In 1778, it was calculated to be about ten millions; and, by an enumeration made in 1787, the population was ascertained to be 10,409,879; and Boetticher, in his Statistical Accounts, states the population at 11 millions.
In 1779, Spain entered the war against the British.
In 1783 Caroline Herschel discovered three new nebulae.
In 1803, they settled in Warsaw.
In 1807, President Thomas Jefferson signed a mandate ordering a survey of nation's coast.
In 1807, Robert Morrison, the first British Protestant missionary to China arrived in Guangzhou.
In 1814, Thomas Spalding made on Sapelo Island, in lat. 31 1⁄2, as much as 95 hogsheads of excellent sugar, equal to Jamaica, from Canes he had planted there.
In 1815, Algeria was still a part of the Ottoman Empire.
In 1816, the United Provinces of the Rio Plata declared their independence from Spain.
In 1822 the poet, painter, musician and jurist, E.T.A. Hoffmann, died in Berlin.
In 1825, the first global economic crisis occurred.
In 1830, Algeria came under French colonial rule.
In 1830, Algiers fell into the hands of the French.
In 1830, Belgium seceded and formed a separate kingdom.
In 1830, the French crossed the Mediterranean and invaded Algeria.
In 1835, a barrel of flour cost six dollars.
In 1846, Europe was hit with an economic crisis.
In 1846, an economic crisis strikes Europe.
In 1847, they declared independence.
In 1847, they declared themselves independent.
In 1848, California was largely an unexplored region, the home of certain old Spanish missions, with a few seaport towns scattered along the coast.
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.
In 1853, Perry asked Japan to open the door to America.
In 1853, the first blue jeans came out.
In 1854, Le Verrier became director of the Observatory of Paris. At the time, this observatory was in decay. Le Verrier reestablished the observatory as a place where good science was taking place.
In 1860, Lincoln was elected President of the United States.
In 1862, Congress had passed the Homestead Act.
In 1862, Founder Dupre Barbancourt developed a recipe using a distillation process similar to cognac.
In 1864, Lincoln decided to run for re-election.
In 1865, the Danish geologist and mineralogist Johan Georg Forchhammer, with the help of naval and civilian collaborators, collected numerous samples of seawater from the Northern Atlantic and the Arctic Ocean. He wanted to determine why the salinity of seawater varies in different areas of the ocean.
In 1869, Friedrich Miescher, the son of a Swiss physician, discovered what would later be called DNA.
In 1870, the pope's holdings were further circumscribed when Rome itself was annexed.
In 1873 he moved to Warsaw with his whole family, and from that time taught German at the Veterinary Institute and at a secondary school.
In 1873, my parents moved to Warsaw, where my father took up a position teaching German at a secondary school.
In 1874, Felix du Temple, built a monoplane that flew just a short hop down a hill with the help of a coal fired steam engine.
In 1876 there was created the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary, in which Hungary enjoyed a greater amount of autonomy.
In 1877, Pfeffer discovered the permeability effect.
In 1878, several syndicates of Paris, those of the machinists, joiners, tailors, leather dressers and others, accepted the collectivist program.
In 1879 and 1880, Anton Chekhov and Ludwig Zamenhof attended the same school and became friends.
In 1880, the Irish boycotted a landowner, Captain C.C. Boycott, for failing to lower rents.
In 1881, Clara Barton donated her time to help people in need, starting the American Red Cross.
In 1888, Brunei became a British protectorate; independence was achieved in 1984.
In 1890, the colony acquired its own government.
In 1891, Liliuokalani became queen of Hawaii.
In 1894 he delivered the Gifford Lectures at Edinburgh, the subject being "The Philosophy and Development of Religion."
In 1894 the material question again became pressing. With his little family, the doctor had to move to Grodno.
In 1894 there were two votes of the central league. Both times the majority declined all changes. From then on, the movement grew more rapidly.
In 1895, more than 5 percent of the population of Mexico still spoke Nahuatl.
In 1896, Einstein renounced his German citizenship. He was not a citizen of any country until 1901 when he became a citizen of Switzerland.
In 1898, a law was enacted prohibiting members of the SPD from holding positions at Prussian universities.
In 1899, the first cheerleaders were male students.
In 1900 he left England, never to return.
In 1900, he left England, and he never returned.
In 1901, Einstein took a job as a temporary high school teacher and married Mileva Maritsch.
In 1902 he was arrested and exiled to Siberia.
In 1903, the Wright Brothers flew, The Flyer, with a 12 horse power gas powered engine.
In 1904 we had the pleasure of escorting that veteran speleologist, Monsieur E. A. Martel, through the old and the new caves at Wookey Hole.
In 1905 Einstein wrote a paper on what is now known as the special theory of relativity.
In 1905 it was clear to all the nations of Europe, with the exception of the Germans, that henceforth international politics would be dominated by the Anglo-German rivalry.
In 1910, a German woman named Clara Zetkin suggested the declaration of a Women's Day at an international conference attended by 100 women. The idea was accepted unanimously.
In 1911, Germany sent a warship to Agadir named SMS Panther.
In 1911, International Women's Day was celebrated for the first time in Austria, Denmark, Germany and Switzerland.
In 1911, a revolt broke out.
In 1912, Japan gave 3,000 cherry trees to the U.S. capital city of Washington, D.C. The gift was to honor the lasting friendship between the United States and Japan. ​
In 1912, the Austrian tailor Franz Reichelt died jumping off the first floor of the Eiffel Tower while trying out his new invention, the parachute coat, which did not work...
In 1915, the flowering dogwood had its seedlings imported from Washington D.C, USA, and is now grown in Japan.
In 1916 Einstein published his general theory of relativity. This theory linked gravitation, acceleration and the four dimensional space-time.
In 1916, a surplus of oranges gave birth to the advertising slogan, “Drink an orange,” which aimed to convince people that juicing an orange (or a few oranges) was a healthy way to start the day.
In 1917, Albert Einstein proposed a description of the universe based on his Theory of General Relativity.
In 1917, Europe was at war.
In 1918, M. L. Leddy left the family cotton farm near the San Saba River in central Texas and began repairing boots and saddles for a local saddler.
In 1918, revolts due to the price of rice erupted all around the country.
In 1920 the astronomer gave his demonstration all over again, dressed with impressive style and elegance.
In 1920, British astronomer Arthur Eddington proposed that the Sun and other stars are powered by nuclear reactions.
In 1922, elephant seals were granted protection by the Mexican government and their population recovered exponentially.
In 1923, Edwin Hubble used the world's largest telescope, perched atop Mount Wilson in California, to measure the distance to the Great Andromeda Nebula, proving that it was much too far away to belong to our galaxy.
In 1926, Chef Fred Schmidt created the "Hot Brown," an open-faced turkey sandwich with bacon and Mornay sauce.
In 1931-32 Japan occupied Manchuria, and in 1937 it launched a full-scale invasion of China.
In 1932, he was in Paris.
In 1935 Einstein was granted permanent residency in the United States and became a citizen in 1940.
In 1935 a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother. In the dedication he thanked all the editors who had rejected his manuscript.
In 1935, about 100 cane toads were brought in from Hawaii to help sugar cane farmers combat a destructive beetle. Some estimates put the current cane toad population in Australia at 200 million. Their powerful toxins have killed huge numbers of native animals.
In 1935, the Philippines became a self-governing commonwealth.
In 1936, Congress passed the Rural Electrification Act, which extended electricity into rural areas for the first time.
In 1939, as in 1914, the world was on the brink of war.
In 1939, when Julian made his discovery, steroids were already recognized as a treatment for certain diseases. But as actor Ruben Santiago-Hudson, who portrays Julian in the documentary film, points out, the chemist's discovery made them more affordable.
In 1940, he went to work for filmmaker George Pal, and during World War II worked with director Frank Capra to animate training films for the U.S. military.
In 1940, her family was struck with tragedy.
In 1940, life was difficult.
In 1942, France was occupied by the Germans.
In 1943, Japan was at war.
In 1944, a harsh famine was afflicting the town.
In 1944, several groups of people claimed they spotted a creature with the head of a dinosaur, pronounced jaws, camel-like humps and skin similar to a shell.
In 1945, Algerians called for their own independence.
In 1946, after World War II, President Harry Truman offered $100 million to buy Greenland for its geopolitical strategic importance, which Denmark declined.
In 1948, a Jewish state was founded.
In 1948, apartheid became constitutional law in South Africa.
In 1949, Norway abandoned neutrality and became a member of NATO.
In 1950, Algeria was still under direct French colonial administration.
In 1950, North Korea invaded South Korea.
In 1950, the International Chess Federation (FIDE) created the lifetime title of International Grand Master (GMI), better known in the simplified form Grand Master (GM), which it awards to professional chess players, according to criteria of evaluating their performances in important competitions.
In 1950, the U.S. population was 150 million.
In 1951, Sister Teresa was sent to Calcutta, then the largest city in India.
In 1951, at the Palace of Soviet Pioneers, British International Master Robert Wade played a simultaneous game with 30 local children up to 14 years old. After seven hours of play, MI Wade managed to make 10 draws, having lost the other 20 matches.
In 1953 the International Auxiliary Language Association — under whose sponsorship all the research and all the laboratory work which culminated in the formulation of Interlingua had been carried out — turned over the task of promoting the practical utilization of the new language to Science Service, the Institution for the Popularization of Science.
In 1953, both Chandra and his wife Lalitha became American citizens.
In 1954, Algerians rose up against the French colonization.
In 1954, the Indochina war ended in defeat for France.
In 1955, the cancer returned and she died in 1956 at the age of 42.
In 1956 Khrushchev denounced Stalin's crimes.
In 1956 Khrushchev denounced Stalin’s crimes.
In 1956, President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed the Federal-Aid Highway Act, which authorized the building of 65,000 kilometers (41,000 miles) of interstate highways — the largest American public works program in history at the time.
In 1956, he had gone to Boston on his own initiative.
In 1957, Sputnik 2 was launched carrying a dog named Laika. Laika was the first animal to orbit the Earth.
In 1957, in Stockholm, element 102 was reported found by an international team of scientists (who called it nobelium), but diligent and extensive research failed to duplicate the Stockholm findings.
In 1957, the Soviet Union sent a female dog named Laika into space.
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
In 1958, French troops shot twenty-four Algerians there.
In 1958, the statue was built in the Hiroshima Peace Park.
In 1959, Cold War tensions eased a little.
In 1959, the islands became a territory within the Federation of the West Indies.
In 1960, Goulet achieved stardom for his role in the Lerner and Loewe musical "Camelot", where he starred alongside Richard Burton as King Arthur and Julie Andrews as Queen Guenevere. Goulet played a French knight, Sir Lancelot, who falls in love with Guenevere. His role in "The Happy Time" earned Goulet the 1968 Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical. In 1993, Goulet appeared in a Broadway revival of "Camelot," that time in the role of King Arthur.
In 1960, linguists predicted that compulsory education, mass media, foreign immigration and the “mobility of restless Americans” would ultimately standardize English, and in only a few generations, regional accents would disappear.
In 1960, the carousel was the focal point of a civil rights sit-in demonstration against segregation at the park. Because the amusement park was segregated - whites only - many were left out.
In 1960, the collateral had been removed and the castle was refurbished into a hotel.
In 1961, John F. Kennedy told Americans to “ask not what your country can do for you – ask what you can do for your country.”
In 1961, Nikolai Khrapov received 7 years in the camps for writing the psalm "Greetings to you, Christ’s budding tribe", which later became the anthem of the Russian Baptist youth.
In 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first human to pilot a spacecraft when he was launched aboard Vostok 1 by the Soviet Union.
In 1962, Algeria became free of French colonial rule.
In 1962, Algeria became independent.
In 1962, Algeria declared independence from the French.
In 1962, Algeria gained independence from France.
In 1962, Algeria gained independence.
In 1962, Algeria gained its independence from France.
In 1962, Algeria gained its independence.
In 1962, Algeria got its independence from France.
In 1962, Algerians freely decided their future and they chose independence from France.
In 1962, Algerians overwhelmingly voted for the nation's independence.
In 1962, Algerians voted in favor of independence.
In 1962, Mariner 2 completed the first successful close-up observations of another planet when it flew by Venus.
In 1962, Mariner 2 flew within 34,400 kilometers of the surface of Venus and transmitted to Earth information about its temperature and details about its atmosphere and rotational period.
In 1962, he ran for governor, and lost.
In 1963, he drove to Boulder, Colorado, to join the federally-funded National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR). Researchers at NCAR had a more advanced tool for scientists — a room-sized complex of giant computers, each the size of a modern refrigerator.
In 1963, the United States and the Soviet Union started a race to see who could put a man on the Moon first.
In 1963, the young Algerian nation was attacked by Morocco.
In 1964, Rev. King won the Nobel Peace Prize.
In 1964, Roger Miller agreed to record sixteen songs. One of those songs was "Dang Me." It became his first number one selling record.
In 1964, Senator Barry Goldwater won the Republican presidential nomination even though questions were raised about his having been born in Arizona when it was still a territory and not a state. The question never gained much traction and was made moot when President Lyndon Johnson defeated Goldwater in a landslide.
In 1965, Boumediene took control of Algeria.
In 1967, Britain gave Grenada autonomy over its internal affairs.
In 1967, the UN formally call on Spain to decolonize Western Sahara.
In 1967, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the banning of interracial marriage violated the Constitution.
In 1968 on December 21, Frank Borman, James Lovell, and William Anders carried out the first Apollo mission which orbited the Moon.
In 1969 I gave up women and alcohol — it was the worst 20 minutes of my life.
In 1969, 96% of men between the ages of 25 and 54 participated in the labor force. By 2015, that rate had fallen to under 89%.
In 1969, Roger Miller recorded a song called "You Don't Want My Love." Today, this song is better known as "In the Summer Time." It's the first song he wrote and sang that became popular.
In 1969, Roger Miller recorded a song called "You Don’t Want My Love." Today, this song is better known as "In the Summer Time." It’s the first song he wrote and sang that became popular.
In 1969, the United States won when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed the Lunar Module Eagle on the Moon's surface.
In 1970 he travelled to London.
In 1970, he moved to Algiers.
In 1971 the United Kingdom changed its currency to the decimal system.
In 1971, Norway designated Bouvet Island and the adjacent territorial waters a nature reserve.
In 1971, Pablo Neruda won the Nobel Prize in literature.
In 1971, the RDC was renamed Zaire.
In 1971, the deaths of two people from botulism, a severe foodborne illness caused by bacteria, prompted the National Canners Association to adopt stricter standards.
In 1972 US President Richard Nixon visited the People’s Republic of China, ending years of estrangement between the two countries and lifting the bamboo curtain China had been hidden behind since Mao Zedong launched his Cultural Revolution in 1966.
In 1972, Dr. Francine Patterson started to teach sign language to Koko.
In 1973, oil cost three dollars per barrel; in 2008 - 80 dollars per barrel.
In 1973, the United States launched Skylab, a space station. It was designed so that astronauts could live and work in orbit for prolonged periods of time.
In 1974, Jane Goodall discovered that chimpanzees, just like humans, wage war.
In 1974, Mariner 10 took almost 3000 pictures of the surface of Mercury.
In 1974, the Nobel Prize in physics was jointly awarded to astronomers Antony Hewish and Sir Martin Ryle. Antony Hewish was honored for the discovery of pulsars. Many have argued that Jocelyn Bell Burnell should have shared that honor.
In 1975, Angola became a free nation.
In 1975, Morocco invaded Western Sahara.
In 1976, the Polisario Front announced the formation of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic.
In 1977, I was born in Osaka.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
In 1979, Mother Teresa won the Nobel Peace Prize.
In 1979, the Islamic Revolution took place in Iran.
In 1979, the US recognized the People's Republic of China as the representative of the Chinese people.
In 1979, the then president of Bangladesh, Ziaur Rahman, took the initiative to form establish a regional cooperative organization in the Asia region.
In 1980 the Ontario Censor Board banned the film "The Tin Drum," adapted from the GÃ¼nter Grass novel, but the media found this silly, and so the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) showed the offending scene that night from coast to coast on the national news.
In 1980 the Ontario Censor Board banned the film "The Tin Drum," adapted from the Günter Grass novel, but the media found this silly, and so the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) showed the offending scene that night from coast to coast on the national news.
In 1980, a military coup led by Samuel Doe ushered in a decade of authoritarian rule.
In 1980, the Indonesian Ulama (religious scholar) Council, the country’s highest Muslim body, declared Ahmadiyya a "deviant sect."
In 1981, Mauritania became the last country in the world to abolish slavery.
In 1981, he graduated with distinction from Secondary School No. 23 in the city of Baku and entered the Azerbaijan State Medical Institute named after Nariman Narimanov, Faculty of Preventive Treatment.
In 1981, she graduated with distinction from Secondary School No. 23 in the city of Baku and entered the Azerbaijan State Medical Institute named after Nariman Narimanov, Faculty of Preventive Treatment.
In 1981, the United States launched the Space Shuttle Columbia, the first reusable manned spacecraft. It was piloted by Robert Crippen and commanded by John Young.
In 1981-1991, he went to secondary school No 225 in Baku.
In 1981-1991, she went to secondary school No 225 in Baku.
In 1982, Venera 13 transmitted the first color pictures from Venus' surface.
In 1983 Chandra was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the physical processes involved in the structure and evolution of stars.
In 1983, Guion Bluford became the first black American to enter space.
In 1984 Luxembourgish was declared a "national language" by law.
In 1984, Coke started using HFCS instead of sugar.
In 1984, Coke started using high-fructose corn syrup as substitute for sugar.
In 1984, Luxembourgish was appointed by law as national language.
In 1984, during my first week of the university session, volunteers were distributing condoms.
In 1984, the Organization of African Unity, the predecessor to the African Union, recognized the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic as the legitimate representative of the people of Western Sahara.
In 1985, Garry Kasparov played a simultaneous against 32 computers and won all of the games.
In 1986 the New York Times published an article by William F. Buckley, Jr. in which he suggested branding AIDS patients with tattoos.
In 1986 the flag was officially selected that would become the symbol of the European Union: a blue cloth with a circle of twelve golden stars in its center.
In 1986, Sally Ride published a children's book titled To Space and Back.
In 1986, four and one-half years after visiting Saturn, Voyager 2 made the first close-up survey of Uranus.
In 1986, the Soviet Union launched the Space Station Mir. During its 15 year lifetime, it was the largest space station to orbit the Earth.
In 1987, the United States established diplomatic relations with Mongolia, best known as the birthplace of the Mongol emperor Genghis Khan.
In 1988, he graduated with distinction from the First Moscow State Medical Institute named after M.Sechenov.
In 1988, rioting broke out in Algeria.
In 1988, she graduated with distinction from the First Moscow State Medical Institute named after M.Sechenov.
In 1989 (nineteen eighty nine) the reunification of Germany was celebrated.
In 1989, Galileo was launched to examine Jupiter and its four largest moons.
In 1989, the Soviet Union gave up and left Afghanistan.
In 1989, the extremely famous Eiffel Tower celebrated its one hundred years of existence.
In 1990, Dan was still a rookie officer under Matt Smith.
In 1990, Germany was reunited.
In 1990, Iraq suddenly invaded and seized Kuwait's oil.
In 1990, Marker moved to Namibia permanently and founded the Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF), a non-profit organization which conducts research and offers educational programs.
In 1991, Croatia, Slovenia, and Macedonia declared independence, followed by Bosnia in 1992.
In 1991, Eileen Collins became an astronaut.
In 1991, Fadil lived in Egypt.
In 1991, Mt. Pinatubo's volcanic outburst in the Philippines produced the second largest eruption of the 20th century. Ash from the blast was ejected as high as 21 miles above Earth. Particles from the eruption created a layer of sulfuric acid haze in Earth's atmosphere, dropping global temperatures by nearly 1 degree Fahrenheit between 1991 and 1993.
In 1991, the Islamist activists of the Islamic Salvation Front coerced the public to vote for their party.
In 1991, the Soviet Union collapsed.
In 1991, the UN brokered a ceasefire in Western Sahara.
In 1991, the USSR disbanded.
In 1991, the USSR was in a dire crisis.
In 1992, "The English Patient" by Michael Ondaatje shared the Booker prize with Barry Unsworth's "Sacred Hunger."
In 1992, George Soros broke the British pound.
In 1992, Marion Tinsley (1927-1995), the seemingly unbeatable World Checker Champion, defended his title against the computer program CHINOOK, in a series of games, of which he won 4, lost 2, and drew 33. This was the first time ever that a human world champion defended his title against a computer.
In 1992, a bomb exploded at the Algiers international airport.
In 1992, the US closed its last military bases on the islands.
In 1994, Morocco closed its borders with Algeria.
In 1994, Ukraine, which had intentionally been weakened economically, agreed to give up its arsenal in exchange for recognition of its territorial integrity.
In 1994, Vieira was elected president in the country's first free, multiparty election.
In 1994, a massive bomb blast killed dozens of policemen and civilians near a police station in Algiers.
In 1994, she introduced the farmers to the Anatolian Shepherd, a breed originally from Turkey.
In 1994, she returned to an Algeria ravaged by war.
In 1994, there was a shortage of water and rice in Japan.
In 1994, two dozen pieces of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 smashed into Jupiter. The collision didn't damage the planet, but it left behind black scars in Jupiter's clouds.
In 1995, Andou received architecture's most prestigious award.
In 1995, Andou received architecture’s most prestigious award.
In 1995, China sent a bunch of its troops near Taiwan.
In 1995, Mehriban Aliyeva founded "Azerbaijani Culture Foundation," which she currently heads.
In 1995, the country held its first democratic elections since the 1970s.
In 1995, the world's attention was drawn to the 126 daily flights of the Mir orbital station by the joint Russian-Kazakhstan EO-16 crew.
In 1996, Garry Kasparov played a 6-game match against Deep Blue, IBM's supercomputer, and won 4 x 2.
In 1996, Mehriban Aliyeva founded "Azerbaijan - Heritage" magazine, which is published in three languages (Azerbaijani, English, and Russian) in order to widely promote Azerbaijani culture.
In 1996, South African President Nelson Mandela, with the support of service organization Rotary International, jumpstarted Africa’s commitment to polio eradication with the launch of the Kick Polio Out of Africa campaign.
In 1996, he graduated with honors from the Department of Engineering Business and Management of the Azerbaijan Technical University and received the qualification of engineer economist.
In 1996, she graduated with honors from the Department of Engineering Business and Management of the Azerbaijan Technical University and received the qualification of engineer economist.
In 1996, the name of Victoria Terminus was changed to Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.
In 1996-2003, he worked for various private companies and in 2000-2001 was a consultant for the Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise Development Project in the United Nations Development Program in Azerbaijan.
In 1996-2003, she worked for various private companies and in 2000-2001 was a consultant for the Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise Development Project in the United Nations Development Program in Azerbaijan.
In 1997 they reached a compromise.
In 1997, Mobuto fled to Morocco where he died a year later.
In 1997, Scotland reestablished a permanent Scottish parliament.
In 1997, in a second match (the first one had occurred the year before), IBM supercomputer Deep Blue defeated Grand Master Garry Kasparov by 3.5 X 2.5.
In 1997, the islands of Anjouan and Moheli declared independence from Comoros.
In 1997, the world was surprised again when Mother Teresa died.
In 1998, Dan Brown released "Digital Fortress". Five years later he completed another best seller, "The Da Vinci Code".
In 1998, astronomers measured how fast the universe is expanding by using ground-based telescopes to study relatively nearby exploding stars, called supernovae.
In 1998, on a three-week vacation trek in Nepal, Wood, then a Microsoft executive, met a local headmaster who invited him to visit his school in a remote mountain village.
In 1998, the murder of hugely popular singer Matoub Lounes set off violent protests in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
In 1999, Abdelaziz Bouteflika was elected as the new president of Algeria.
In 1999, Algerians rallied behind Bouteflika.
In 1999, Bouteflika came to power.
In 1999, Bouteflika returned to the Algerian government.
In 1999, Bouteflika was elected president.
In 1999, Lance Armstrong came back to racing, renewed and retrained. He placed highly in races he competed in. But he had his eye on one race in particular, the Tour de France.
In 1999, everyone was afraid of the Y2K bug.
In 1999, peace finally came back to Algeria.
In 1999, peace prevailed in Algeria.
In 2000 Japan's health care system was the best in the world, but since clinical internship was introduced in 2003 it has clearly deteriorated.
In 2000 Japan’s health care system was the best in the world, but since clinical internship was introduced in 2003 it has clearly deteriorated.
In 2000, Saudi Arabia and Yemen agreed to delineate their border.
In 2000, the United States once again proved its commitment to being at the forefront of progressivism, with the removal of the last anti-miscegenation language in the country's legislation.
In 2001, I was already teaching Berber professionally.
In 2001, the financial group Goldman Sachs concluded that Brazil, Russia, India and China would be the "bricks" of the global economy, giving rise to the acronym "BRIC".
In 2001, the practice of chess was recognized as a sport by the International Olympic Committee. Since then, the chess Olympics have been held.
In 2003, Niue became the first "Wi-fi" nation in the world.
In 2003, an earthquake struck northern Algeria, killing thousands of people.
In 2003, the Algerian city of Boumerdes suffered a terrible earthquake.
In 2003, the George W. Bush administration created the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), an initiative to address the global epidemic.
In 2003, the US did something that shocked the entire world. It decided to invade Iraq.
In 2003, the US invaded Iraq. In the process, tens of thousands of innocent civilians were killed.
In 2003, the US launched a full-scale invasion of Iraq.
In 2003, the United States invaded Iraq.
In 2003-2005, he studied at Duke University in the United States and received a Master’s Degree in International Development Policy.
In 2003-2005, she studied at Duke University in the United States and received a Master’s Degree in International Development Policy.
In 2004, Claudio was five years old.
In 2004, South Korea's GDP surpassed one trillion dollars.
In 2004, U.S. government food and environment regulators cautioned pregnant women not to eat more than 340 grams or 12 ounces of fish a week, the amount in two normal servings. The aim was to reduce their exposure to mercury, which contaminates fish worldwide.
In 2004, Yanni accepted Islam.
In 2004, Yanni and Skura welcomed their son Ziri into the family.
In 2004, Yanni stopped going to the mosque.
In 2004, Yanni was found guilty of first degree murder and was sentenced to life.
In 2004, a new lead was discovered.
In 2004, as scrutiny and criticism of the study intensified, ten of 13 co-authors of the 1998 autism article publicly disassociated themselves from from it.
In 2004, online dating wasn't as prevailing as it is today.
In 2004, two scientists at the University of Manchester in England isolated a carbon-based material called graphene, with some unusual properties.
In 2005, 2010 and 2015, Mehriban Aliyeva was elected as a Member of Parliament during the third, fourth, and fifth convocations of the Milli Majlis of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
In 2005, Gunter was fourteen years old.
In 2005, Mehriban Aliyeva received an academic degree of PhD in Philosophy.
In 2005, a massive 400-mile-wide hurricane named Katrina struck New Orleans, La., and neighboring states.
In 2005, researchers, including Sallon, obtained three seeds. They planted one of them and sent fragments of two other seeds to Switzerland for radio-carbon dating.
In 2005, the Bush administration created the National Strategy for Pandemic Influenza, which called for the federal government to maintain and distribute a national stockpile of medical supplies in the event of an outbreak.
In 2005, the New York Times asked veteran reporter Judith Miller to resign after it became clear her reporting about the Iraq war was wrong.
In 2005, the New York Times asked veteran reporter Judith Miller to resign after it became clear her reporting about the Iraq war was wrong. The Times wrote an extraordinary critique of its own editorial process. That is also accountability.
In 2006 I learned a strange language for the first time and it was English.
In 2006, Hezbollah won decisively against Israel.
In 2006, Hezbollah won.
In 2006, Pluto was declared as a dwarf planet.
In 2006, almost everyone expected a quick Israeli victory in southern Lebanon.
In 2006, astronomers re-classified Pluto as a dwarf planet.
In 2006, scientists launched the French CoRoT mission, the first space mission dedicated to the extrasolar planet hunt. The mission helped astronomers discover dozens more extrasolar planets.
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided to create a new category for solar system objects called "dwarf planets", and Pluto was reclassified as a dwarf planet.
In 2006, the Israeli troops that invaded southern Lebanon had no chance of success.
In 2006-2009, he worked in the Ministry of Economic Development of the Republic of Azerbaijan first as Deputy Director and Director of the Entrepreneurship Development Department and then as Head of the Ministry’s Department for Entrepreneurship Development Policy.
In 2006-2009, she worked in the Ministry of Economic Development of the Republic of Azerbaijan first as Deputy Director and Director of the Entrepreneurship Development Department and then as Head of the Ministry’s Department for Entrepreneurship Development Policy.
In 2008, Delta and Northwest airlines united to form the world's largest airline.
In 2008, Delta and Northwest airlines united to form the world’s largest airline.
In 2008, during the financial crisis, the government budget deficit hit 5.3% of GDP.
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn't started university.
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn’t started university.
In 2009, Korea suffered the dishonor of having the highest suicide rate amongst OECD countries.
In 2009, Selena Gomez became the youngest person to be named a United Nations Children's Fund Ambassador in the United States.
In 2009, Selena Gomez became the youngest person to be named a United Nations Children’s Fund Ambassador in the United States.
In 2009, Spirit, one of NASA's two Mars rovers, got stuck in the sand. And more recently, the other rover — Curiosity — had to take a detour to avoid the shifting sands of the red planet. This got some scientists to thinking about ways to keep our very expensive robotic probes from getting sidelined by something as inconsequential as a sand trap.
In 2009, a man in New Zealand cooked and ate his pet dog.
In 2009, coyotes killed 2,500 sheep and 12,000 lambs in the state of Montana.
In 2009, then-first lady Michelle Obama told visiting school children that she and President Barack Obama sometimes heard strange noises in the hallway at night.
In 2010 and 2011, the federal budget deficit reached nearly 9% of GDP.
In 2010, 123.3 million people, or 39 percent of the United States’ population lived in counties directly on the shoreline.
In 2010, YouTube wasn't a thing.
In 2010, five people died and 150 were injured by falling icicles in St Petersburg, Russia.
In 2010, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency launched a spacecraft called IKAROS, which used a solar sail to propel it past Venus and into orbit around the Sun.
In 2010, the team drilled core samples in three locations on the ice for analysis.
In 2010, there was a shortage of H1N1 vaccine.
In 2011, Toyota recalled two million vehicles which, they alleged, had gas pedals that could jam and cause the car to accelerate uncontrollably.
In 2011, certain things make me smile.
In 2011, the Administration finalized fuel economy standards for Model Year 2014-2018 for heavy-duty trucks, buses, and vans. This will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by about 270 million metric tons and save 530 million barrels of oil.
In 2012 Cornell University contracted with Facebook to conduct a psychological experiment on unconsenting users, filtering positive messages out of the feeds of one group and negative messages out of those of another.
In 2012, Algerians went to the polls to elect a new parliament.
In 2012, Belarus was moved back to the Reporters Without Borders list of Internet Enemies.
In 2012, Fadil's parole was refused for another 11 years.
In 2012, Jason Box correctly predicted weeks in advance that much of the soot from the huge wildfires in western North America that year, mixed with soot from power plants, would reach Greenland and trigger a record-breaking melt, due to the black soot absorbing more thermic energy than the white ice.
In 2012, Mexico formed the Pacific Alliance with Peru, Colombia, and Chile.
In 2013, Bouteflika suffered a debilitating stroke.
In 2013, Bouteflika suffered a stroke.
In 2013, I moved from Boston to Chicago.
In 2013, I was still a teenager.
In 2013, Tom Jackson published a book about the history of shipbuilding.
In 2013, Tom and Mary were living in Boston.
In 2013, Tom and Mary were students in Boston.
In 2013, Tom emigrated to Australia.
In 2013, Tom left our company to join the FBI.
In 2013, Tom married Mary and moved to Australia.
In 2013, Tom married Mary and moved to Boston.
In 2013, Tom moved his family to Boston.
In 2013, Tom moved to Australia.
In 2013, Tom moved to Boston.
In 2013, Tom relocated to Australia.
In 2013, Tom relocated to Boston.
In 2013, Tom retired from baseball.
In 2013, Tom retired from boxing and returned to teaching.
In 2013, Tom retired from professional tennis.
In 2013, Tom returned to Australia.
In 2013, Tom was a student in Australia.
In 2013, Tom was a student in Boston.
In 2013, Tom was in Boston.
In 2013, Tom was living in Australia.
In 2013, Tom was living in Boston.
In 2013, a meteor exploded over Chelyabinsk, Russia.
In 2013, revenue from fishing licenses doubled and totaled more than 45% of GDP.
In 2013, we moved to Boston.
In 2014 Scotland may become an independent state.
In 2014, 46.5% of internships were unpaid.
In 2014, Algeria's economy started to decline.
In 2014, I learned Berber.
In 2014, SpaceX and Boeing received contracts for $2.6 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively, to develop space capsules that can ferry astronauts to and from the space station.
In 2014, Wilkinson appeared in an anti-discrimination advert sponsored by the Australian Football League, the AFL in which he spoke of the abuse he had suffered on the field.
In 2014, a handler was dragged into the water by a crocodile, but escaped with minor injuries.
In 2014, global sea level was 2.6 inches above the 1993 average.
In 2014, nearly 60% of customs duty-eligible imports into Kosovo were EU goods.
In 2014, the Greek economy began to turn the corner on the recession.
In 2015 more than one thousand five hundred exoplanets were discovered.
In 2015, Burundi's economy suffered from political turmoil, including street protests and an attempted coup.
In 2015, NASA plans to launch the Magnetospheric Multiscale, or MMS, mission.
In 2015, New Zealand's population is less than 5 million.
In 2015, Novak Djokovic of Serbia became the third man in the Open Era of tennis (starting in 1968), after Rod Laver and Roger Federer, to reach all four Grand Slam finals in a single year.
In 2015, Oxford Dictionaries named the “face with tears of joy” emoji as the word of the year.
In 2015, Serbia's GDP was 27.5% below where it was in 1989.
In 2015, Singapore formed, with the other ASEAN members, the ASEAN Economic Community.
In 2015, an estimated 300,000 itinerant miners were scavenging for jade here, a recent state media article said.
In 2015, researchers with the NOAA Southwest Fisheries Science Center revealed the opah, or moonfish, as the first fully warm-blooded fish.
In 2015, the Algerian government imposed severe economic austerity measures.
In 2016, Algeria adopted Berber as an official second language.
In 2016, Cambodia spent $11.7 billion on imported products, including fabric, machinery, electronics, petroleum, and automobiles, out of a gross domestic product (GDP) of around $20 billion.
In 2016, Macau's gaming-related taxes accounted for more than 76% of total government revenue.
In 2016, Trump won the presidential election as the Republican Party candidate; his ascension to the government caused no small amount of controversy.
In 2016, for example, a blogger nicknamed Mother Mushroom was arrested on suspicion of propagandizing against the state.
In 2016, on days they worked, 22 percent of employed persons did some or all of their work at home, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today.
In 2016, the company Dyn was hit by a distributed denial of service attack, rendering many services unavailable to users throughout the United States and Europe.
In 2016, the financial services sector accounted for about 41% of the island's output.
In 2017 Afghanistan's growth rate was only marginally above that of the 2014-2016 average.
In 2017, Argentina's economy emerged from recession with GDP growth of nearly 3.0%.
In 2017, Hurricane Harvey dumped an unprecedented amount of rainfall over the greater Houston area, some of which has been attributed to human-induced climate change. Resulting power outages had cascading effects on critical infrastructure facilities such as hospitals and water and wastewater treatment plants.
In 2017, Kellyanne Conway coined the doublespeak term "alternative facts" to describe the false version of reality constructed by Donald Trump's perpetually dishonest and self-serving statements.
In 2017, in Jammu, local BJP leaders launched a campaign demanding all Rohingya who live in slums and eke out their living by doing menial jobs be expelled from the city.
In 2017, more than six million Chinese citizens visited European countries.
In 2017, overall unemployment was 11.4%, but youth unemployment remained high at 37.1%.
In 2017, the African Union has maintained its support for the right to self-determination of the people of Western Sahara.
In 2017, the Blue Ridge Parkway was also the busiest of any National Park Service site, with more than 16 million visitors.
In 2017, the latest year for which federal data are available, more than 1 in 8 Americans ages 12 to 25 experienced a major depressive episode, the study found.
In 2018 alone, 31,269 square kilometers of forest were destroyed across the Amazon region, the worst annual deforestation since 2003.
In 2018, Algeria printed money to finance its deficit.
In 2018, Algeria started printing money like there was no tomorrow.
In 2018, Bouteflika was still in power with no signs of leaving.
In 2018, Britain was the third largest destination for Dutch exports.
In 2018, a wildfire, caused by electrical transmission lines, destroyed approximately 90% of the northern California town of Paradise.
In 2018, prices were doubling every twenty-six days in Venezuela.
In 2018-2019 Palestinians were repeatedly gunned down for the "crime" of trying to cross the border and return to their homes.
In 2019, 37 percent of the voters of the ruling conservative Spanish party responded "no" to the question of whether Franco had been a dictator.
In 2019, Algeria captured the world's attention.
In 2019, Algeria didn't stop making the news.
In 2019, Algeria suffered a crisis of leadership.
In 2019, Algeria was in a situation that was ripe for unrest.
In 2019, Algeria went through a constitutional crisis.
In 2019, Algerians are very angry with their government.
In 2019, Algerians took to the streets to ask for radical change in the country.
In 2019, Australia had the richest citizens in the world.
In 2019, Bouteflika was forced to resign.
In 2019, Bouteflika was politically and physically weak.
In 2019, Suga gained notoriety as well as the nickname “Uncle Reiwa,” after unveiling the name of Japan’s new imperial era.
In 2019, a big political surprise happened in Algeria.
In 2019, all five of Australia’s major polling organizations predicted an election win for the opposition Labor Party.
In 2019, almost everyone spoke against Bouteflika.
In 2019, mass street protests took place in Algeria.
In 2019, massive protests spread across Algeria.
In 2019, millions of Algerians demonstrated against corruption.
In 2019, millions of Algerians protested against the regime.
In 2019, the United States considered using execution by guillotine for those with death sentences.
In 2019, the average size of a new single-family home was 240 square meters (2,584 square feet), according to the National Association of Homebuilders.
In 2019, the senator held more than 550 scheduled news media interviews as well as many other impromptu press gaggles.
In 2019, the situation in Algeria was very concerning.
In 2019, the star HD 28678 received the official name Hoggar and the exoplanet that orbits around it Tassili.
In 2019, there were major political protests in Algeria.
In 2019, there were massive peaceful demonstrations in Algeria.
In 2019, there were massive protests against the Algerian government.
In 2020 during lockdown, Icelandic pianist Víkingur Ólafsson performed a series of weekly concerts to an empty Harpa Concert Hall in Reykjavík.
In 2020, Algeria had a pretty weak export year.
In 2020, Algeria's foreign currency reserves were lower than ever.
In 2020, fighting resumed between the Polisario Front and Morocco.
In 2020, protesters tore down the statue of Edward Colston and pushed it into Bristol Harbour.
In 2020, the NHS was 72 years old.
In 2020, the use of German in all public institutions was abolished in favor of English, despite massive protests on the part of the population.
In 2020, thousands of Algerians returned to the streets.
In 2020, up to early October, 4 million acres in California were burned in wildfires, more than the size of Connecticut.
In 2020, virtual reality is becoming an escape for many.
In 2021, a woman from Mali gave birth to nonuplets in Morocco.
In 2022 Ido will be 115, and her older sister, Esperanto, 135 years old.
In 2022, Tirana was proclaimed the "youth capital of the world," and in 2023, the "sports capital of the world."
In 2023, 32% of Americans had at least one tattoo, according to one survey.
In 2023, Ukraine officially celebrates its first Christmas on December 25 instead of on January 7 as before, and as is the case in Russia.
In 2024, there will be a robot in every home.
In 2026, the Psyche mission will reach its destination – an asteroid over 150 million miles away from Earth.
In 203 he was proconsul in Upper Italy, where, in conjunction with the praetor P. Quintilius Varus, he gained a hard-won victory over Mago, Hannibal’s brother, in Insubrian territory, and obliged him to leave Italy.
In 48 hours, everything will be over!
In 508BC, the ruler of Athens, Cleisthenes established ostracism to prevent the appearance of a tyrant.
In 776 B.C., the first Olympic Games were held at the foot of Mount Olympus to honor the Greeks' chief god, Zeus.
In 776 B.C., the first Olympic Games were held at the foot of Mount Olympus to honor the Greeks’ chief god, Zeus.
In A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda's own commentaries about the Bhagavad-Gītā, the Hindu sacred book, he uses the word "planets" to describe places like Vaikuṇṭha, the heavenly abode of Vishnu.
In AD 301, Armenia became the first nation in the world to adopt Christianity as its state religion, a defining moment that has shaped its identity ever since.
In Aachen, Macron is slated to deliver a major speech on the 28-member bloc — that dwindles to 27 with Britain’s slated 2019 departure — described as a continuation but not a replica of one he delivered at the Sorbonne University in Paris last September.
In Aesop's Fables is a story called "Sour Grapes".
In Aesop’s Fables is a story called "Sour Grapes".
In Aesop’s fables, there is a tale titled “Sour Grapes”.
In Afghanistan they speak Pashto, Dari, and a number of regional minority languages.
In Afghanistan, the opium trade has been a substantial, though illicit, economic factor.
In Africa there are many children who suffer from hunger.
In Africa there are many lions.
In Africa, Chinese construction firms hire locals.
In Africa, there is no difference between a white and a black.
In Africa, they say that a male lion roars Hii inchi na ya nani? Ni yangu, yangu, yangu! (Whose land is this? It is mine, mine, mine!).
In Africa, you don't encounter tigers in the wild.
In Ahamed Mugisa’s drying shed outside Kikoboza, in the lush fields of Western Uganda, rows of brown, crinkled tobacco leaves whisper and rustle as he makes room for a fresh crop.
In Alan Garner's novel Red Shift, Tom asks Jan to look at the star Delta Orionis every night at 10 p.m.
In Alaska you can see natural phenomena like the aurora, right?
In Alaska, moose are sometimes hunted for their meat, which is considered a delicacy.
In Alaska, thawing of permafrost is responsible for severe damage to roads, buildings, and pipelines that will be costly to replace, especially in remote parts of Alaska.
In Alaska, where wild salmon is iconic, Copper River fish hold a special status. Their high oil content is linked to their ultra-long migration route from the ocean to their glacier-fed spawning grounds.
In Albania, Hoxha's regime, established in 1946, was characterized by strict isolationism and a highly centralized command economy.
In Albania, nature is very wealthy.
In Albania, the election was marred with excessive polarized politics.
In Algeria all diseases can be cured by camel piss.
In Algeria children play in front of the sewers for lack of playground.
In Algeria even doctors believe in exorcism and the evil eye.
In Algeria hospitals are built in front of the cemeteries.
In Algeria ministers make a televised prayer for rain in drought, but they all have cisterns at home.
In Algeria the Kabyle are dominated by the Arabs because of the support of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries.
In Algeria the economy is capitalist but the culture is communist.
In Algeria there are the Arab people and the Kabyle people.
In Algeria there has never been any electoral transparency.
In Algeria there is no playground for children.
In Algeria there is no tourism because of Islamists and thugs.
In Algeria we cure cancer and AIDS by reciting the Koran.
In Algeria we go to the hospital and we catch other more serious diseases.
In Algeria you have to be a soldier to earn a living and to be respected.
In Algeria's desert areas, we can now find acres upon acres of green farms.
In Algeria, 2019 hasn't been Bouteflika's happiest year.
In Algeria, Adriano was directly exposed to people practising Islam.
In Algeria, Arabic speakers and Berber speakers coexist peacefully.
In Algeria, BMS light switches are excellent.
In Algeria, BMS makes excellent light switches.
In Algeria, Bejaia is a vacationer's paradise.
In Algeria, Berber has fewer native speakers than Arabic.
In Algeria, Berber is a lot less widely spoken than Arabic.
In Algeria, Berber is an official language alongside Arabic.
In Algeria, Berber is official alongside Arabic.
In Algeria, Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
In Algeria, China is investing in mining.
In Algeria, Chinese companies operate in all sorts of local industries.
In Algeria, Chinese firms are investing in construction.
In Algeria, Condor is famous for its TV's.
In Algeria, France decided to escalate its tactics to war crime levels.
In Algeria, France tried to pit Berbers and Arabs against each other.
In Algeria, GDP is shrinking.
In Algeria, Houari Boumediene's all-seeing eye was omnipresent.
In Algeria, Islam is deeply ingrained into everyday life.
In Algeria, Islam is the main religion.
In Algeria, Islam is the official religion.
In Algeria, Islam is the religion of the state.
In Algeria, Islamist discourse is becoming a lot harsher.
In Algeria, Kabyle villagers are always welcoming.
In Algeria, Kabylie and the Aures mountains are bastions of the Berber language.
In Algeria, Matoub has millions of admirers.
In Algeria, Matoub is a legend.
In Algeria, Matoub is a respected musician.
In Algeria, Matoub was one of the most influential musicians of all time.
In Algeria, President Tebboune is facing many challenges.
In Algeria, Tebboune is clearly well-liked.
In Algeria, Tebboune is massively popular.
In Algeria, Tebboune is trying to restore national pride.
In Algeria, Tigzirt is a great vacation spot.
In Algeria, Yanni found a new passion.
In Algeria, Yanni is a wanted fugitive.
In Algeria, Yanni's pay isn't amazing.
In Algeria, a Mercedes is an obvious sign of wealth.
In Algeria, a ceasefire in March 1962 was followed by an independence referendum in July of the same year.
In Algeria, a democratic transition isn't easy.
In Algeria, a lot of economic sectors are state-run.
In Algeria, a lot of investors don't have access to credits.
In Algeria, a lot of people are fighting over very few jobs.
In Algeria, a lot of people don't have access to banks.
In Algeria, a new era has arrived.
In Algeria, a woman goes to the police station for an assault and the cops touch the victim sexually.
In Algeria, a working day usually lasts eight hours.
In Algeria, agriculture remains a big employer.
In Algeria, air conditioning is a critical appliance during the summer.
In Algeria, alcohol isn't sold the supermarket.
In Algeria, all citizens are Algerians and Kabyles aren't considered as an ethnic community on its own.
In Algeria, all social policies come from the central authority.
In Algeria, almost every home has access to plumbing.
In Algeria, almost everything is controlled by bureaucrats and politicians.
In Algeria, almost everything is dependent on the president.
In Algeria, any dream can come true.
In Algeria, any rebellions were rapidly stamped out by the French.
In Algeria, autism is due to the evil eye.
In Algeria, basic food items have become more expensive.
In Algeria, both Arabic and Berber are official.
In Algeria, building the East-West Freeway was a monumental undertaking.
In Algeria, consumer confidence has fallen.
In Algeria, corruption in the construction industry led to substandard housing and inflated prices.
In Algeria, corruption isn't very hard to observe.
In Algeria, decisions are slowly taken.
In Algeria, democracy finally had a chance.
In Algeria, democracy was restored in 1997.
In Algeria, desertification could cause more sandstorms.
In Algeria, desertification is a problem that needs to be fixed.
In Algeria, desertification is partly caused by human activity.
In Algeria, dessalinated water has been around for almost two decades.
In Algeria, don't get in a hurry. Algerian time is Algerian time.
In Algeria, each wilaya has its own traditions.
In Algeria, economic growth is driven by the construction of infrastructure.
In Algeria, economic growth numbers look promising.
In Algeria, economic mismanagement led to rising prices.
In Algeria, education is free.
In Algeria, even people with comfortable salaries have trouble making ends meet.
In Algeria, even rich people eat couscous in Friday.
In Algeria, everybody has a cellphone.
In Algeria, everybody receives free education.
In Algeria, everything is funded with public money.
In Algeria, everything is raised on public money.
In Algeria, ex-prime minister Ahmed Ouyahia is the man you would love to hate.
In Algeria, families try to save as much money as possible.
In Algeria, family is more important than work.
In Algeria, food is generally affordable for everyone.
In Algeria, gang rapes are very common.
In Algeria, he was living in a city called Bejaia.
In Algeria, inefficient businesses are replaced by more efficient ones.
In Algeria, inflation will continue to rise in 2020.
In Algeria, international investment remains low.
In Algeria, investors are hampered by red tape.
In Algeria, investors have problems with bureaucracy.
In Algeria, it became clear that socialism wasn't living up to the nation's expectations.
In Algeria, it gets very hot in summer.
In Algeria, it took years of fighting to eradicate terrorism.
In Algeria, it will take years of fighting to eradicate corruption.
In Algeria, it's cheaper to import something than producing it locally.
In Algeria, it's forbidden to speak Kabyle language in the official institutions.
In Algeria, it's hard to offer a real alternative to the official power.
In Algeria, it's not compulsory to wear the hijab.
In Algeria, it's said that in the 1970's, you could be arrested for speaking Berber in public.
In Algeria, it's sunny every day.
In Algeria, its seems that the changes in government are mere lip service: different faces but the same policies.
In Algeria, labor-intensive industries will create a large number of jobs.
In Algeria, living standards are increasing everywhere.
In Algeria, majority of the debt is owned by the public sector, which is not a good sign.
In Algeria, many businesses are on the brink of bankruptcy.
In Algeria, many corrupt people got rich.
In Algeria, many projects are on hold.
In Algeria, many sectors have experienced significant growth.
In Algeria, many women wear the hijab.
In Algeria, many young graduates are jobless.
In Algeria, many young graduates are unemployed.
In Algeria, middle income wages have been stagnant for the last few years.
In Algeria, ministers and presidents pray for rain in hot weather.
In Algeria, most roads are paved.
In Algeria, not everything is so simple.
In Algeria, official document records are being translated into Berber.
In Algeria, oil and gas are dominant exports.
In Algeria, oil and gas are the major contributor to the economy.
In Algeria, oil and gas exports don't look they are going down any time sooner.
In Algeria, oil is a key factor.
In Algeria, overgrazing is a major cause of desertification.
In Algeria, overgrazing is one of the causes of desertification.
In Algeria, patients are sent to exorcists and imams.
In Algeria, patients wait for months to have an operation.
In Algeria, people don't do that.
In Algeria, people don't worship the president.
In Algeria, people drive on the right side of the road.
In Algeria, people know a lot of languages.
In Algeria, people like loquats.
In Algeria, politics is polarized.
In Algeria, pretty much everyone eats sandwiches.
In Algeria, prices have skyrocketed.
In Algeria, proficiency in English has improved significantly.
In Algeria, protesters are demanding that the whole political system should be overhauled.
In Algeria, real power resides with the army.
In Algeria, recession is everywhere.
In Algeria, religion is paramount.
In Algeria, religious moderation will win.
In Algeria, restaurants are closed during Ramadan.
In Algeria, separatism is an issue.
In Algeria, soccer is everybody's favorite topic.
In Algeria, soccer is the national sport.
In Algeria, solar power has huge potential.
In Algeria, some radical Islamists are determined to seize power at any cost.
In Algeria, state-controlled economic growth is unsustainable.
In Algeria, studying Berber online is becoming more and more popular.
In Algeria, supermarkets are not always at hand.
In Algeria, teachers' unions organize a lot of protests.
In Algeria, telecommunications are run by both state-owned and private companies.
In Algeria, terrorism has decreased in recent years.
In Algeria, the 1990s were marked by terrible violence.
In Algeria, the Akfadou Forest was turned into a national park.
In Algeria, the Berber language has official status.
In Algeria, the Berber language is an official language.
In Algeria, the COVID-19 crisis has triggered inflation.
In Algeria, the Chelif river flows from the Atlas mountains into the Mediterranean.
In Algeria, the Djurdjura Mountains are mythical for their beauty.
In Algeria, the Green Dam project began in the 1970s.
In Algeria, the Kabyle dialect has emerged as a fundamental component in the creation of a standardized Berber language.
In Algeria, the Kabyle dialect is acting as a cornerstone for the construction of a unified Berber language.
In Algeria, the Kabyle dialect is serving as a blueprint for the standardized version of the Berber language.
In Algeria, the Metidja Plain is being taken over by concrete.
In Algeria, the National Liberation Front party was a member of the Presidential Alliance.
In Algeria, the authority responsible for organizing elections is the National Independent Election Authority.
In Algeria, the banking sector still largely operates under government control.
In Algeria, the best lands were allocated to European settlers.
In Algeria, the crowds adored Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
In Algeria, the currency is the dinar.
In Algeria, the first language of the country is discriminated against.
In Algeria, the future has already arrived.
In Algeria, the heat of the sun can be relentless in the summer.
In Algeria, the inflation rate is starting to grow little by little.
In Algeria, the lack of transparency has led to corruption.
In Algeria, the language of learning is Arabic.
In Algeria, the main cause of corruption is the lack of transparency.
In Algeria, the majority of the population don't have bank accounts.
In Algeria, the manufacturing sector has not taken off.
In Algeria, the ministry of public works is very active.
In Algeria, the moment of truth has come.
In Algeria, the old bank notes will be gradually withdrawn from circulation.
In Algeria, the political situation is so tense that it could fall into chaos if it is left unaddressed.
In Algeria, the population is growing quickly.
In Algeria, the population living under the poverty line is getting smaller and smaller every year.
In Algeria, the preferred mobile operator is Ooredoo.
In Algeria, the president is the one who tells the government what to do.
In Algeria, the president runs the government.
In Algeria, the proportion of the energy generated renewably will continue to grow.
In Algeria, the purchasing power has decreased.
In Algeria, the resignation of Abdelaziz Bouteflika represents the end of an era.
In Algeria, the scenery is absolutely superb and the people are super friendly.
In Algeria, the sector of cement has seen a significant increase in the last few years.
In Algeria, the situation has returned to normal.
In Algeria, the spirit of rebellion is very much alive.
In Algeria, the state controls almost everything.
In Algeria, the state is the largest source of opportunities.
In Algeria, the state pays for almost everything.
In Algeria, the state religion is Islam.
In Algeria, the town of Mila is a peaceful heaven.
In Algeria, there are a lot of grievances at the local level.
In Algeria, there are aching needs everywhere.
In Algeria, there are many amazigh pyramids.
In Algeria, there are paved roads everywhere.
In Algeria, there is a sharp difference between the living standards in different regions.
In Algeria, there is no separation between business and the state.
In Algeria, there is plenty room for everyone to get along.
In Algeria, there's only one people.
In Algeria, things aren't looking to get any better any time soon.
In Algeria, things have changed a lot.
In Algeria, this industry has been growing rapidly in recent years.
In Algeria, this is a thing of the past.
In Algeria, this level of growth is extremely impressive for this type of company.
In Algeria, thousands of kilometers of new roads are being built every year.
In Algeria, thousands of people are running for the June 2021 legislative elections.
In Algeria, times are changing.
In Algeria, tourism would be a fantastic industry.
In Algeria, urbanization is happening very quickly.
In Algeria, very few Islamist groups pledged loyalty to ISIS.
In Algeria, very few women wear burkas or niqabs.
In Algeria, wages remain low.
In Algeria, water management is a national priority.
In Algeria, we don't do that.
In Algeria, we had the same president for twenty years.
In Algeria, we had the same president ruling between 1999 and 2019.
In Algeria, we have four times that inflation.
In Algeria, we have legislative elections every five years.
In Algeria, we have presidential elections every five years.
In Algeria, we need freedom of speech.
In Algeria, we visited a beautiful mountain range called Djurdjura.
In Algeria, women aren't relegated to the background.
In Algeria, women, children, and elderly people are taking part in the massive protests organized every Friday in all the cities of the country.
In Algeria, you can find many different types of honey.
In Algeria, you can find thousands of mosques.
In Algeria, you can speak both Arabic and Berber.
In Algerian not everything is sunshine and rainbows.
In Algerian rural areas, opportunities are very limited.
In Algerian schools, Berber is taught in the Latin alphabet.
In Algerian schools, children are taught how to cut the throat of a sheep and how to wash the dead. Of course no mixing between boys and girls is allowed. The Kabyles have been fighting this scourge for a long time but without any success.
In Algiers, Daniel checked into a hotel.
In Algiers, I met Skura, my Berber-to-French interpreter.
In Algiers, I pay half the rent and I have twice the space.
In Algiers, Yanni forgets everything.
In Algiers, dog owners should do their own scooping.
In Algiers, many old neighborhoods need to be destroyed and rebuilt.
In Algiers, many people park on sidewalks.
In Algiers, people are always eating.
In Algiers, robins aren't easy to spot.
In Algiers, some residents wait for public transport for over an hour.
In Algiers, space is finite.
In Algiers, space is limited.
In Algiers, the Aurassi Hotel immediately catches the eye.
In Algiers, the Confort apartment complex located in El Madania has an observation deck.
In Algiers, the El Harrach River became an open sewer.
In Algiers, the Martyrs' Memorial is a notable landmark.
In Algiers, the Sablette Seafront is a popular place for Friday outings.
In Algiers, the Spanish seized that rock and named it Peñon.
In Algiers, the day is about to start.
In Algiers, the subway is a reliable way to avoid traffic jams.
In Algiers, the temperature is usually thirty in the summer.
In Algiers, the volume of traffic exceed the capacity of the streets.
In Algiers, there's a bread shop in average every 200 meters.
In Algiers, thousands of people come to the Ardis Supermarket to shop.
In Algiers, traffic is bad.
In Algiers, wifi is everywhere.
In Algiers, you can find cuisines from all over the world.
In Algiers, you can see pigeons and seagulls everywhere.
In Amenas is so far away.
In America 'rebate' is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
In America a crude expression for "The device has failed" is "It shit the bed."
In America cars drive on the right side of the road.
In America elderly people are not given the same degree of respect they receive in many other countries.
In America everybody is of opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors.
In America it's taken as axiomatic that only children can learn languages.
In America the President reigns for four years, and Journalism governs forever and ever.
In America the impossible is what we do best.
In America the young are always ready to give to those who are older than themselves the full benefits of their inexperience.
In America there's the same school for everyone.
In America traffic keeps to the right.
In America we are reluctant to acknowledge that speech patterns are tied to social class.
In America we can say what we think, and even if we can't think, we can say it anyhow.
In America ’rebate’ is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
In America, all the cities have libraries.
In America, anyone can make it by pulling themselves up by their bootstraps.
In America, cars drive on the right side of the road.
In America, every city has a library.
In America, if you can't tip, you should drink at home.
In America, if you can't tip, you should eat in.
In America, many people have fences around their homes.
In America, my schedule is different and unique nearly every day.
In America, people play a different version of mahjong.
In America, rice can be bought for a fifth of what it costs in Japan.
In America, scores of free agents switch teams every year.
In America, the anti-democracy right is represented by the Republican Party, while the pro-democracy right is represented by the Democratic Party.
In America, the consumption of fast food tripled between 1977 and 1995.
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
In America, the people speak English.
In America, there's a direct study of books.
In America, we believe that a lifetime of hard work and responsibility should be rewarded with a shot at a secure, dignified retirement.
In America, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right ridiculing soccer every time there's a World Cup.
In America, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right ridiculing soccer every time there’s a World Cup.
In America, we usually buy eggs by the dozen.
In America, you are a minor if you are under 18 years old.
In America, you can always find a party. In Soviet Russia, the Party can always find you!
In American English, stoats are a subset of weasels, while in British English, they aren't.
In American culture, speech is golden.
In American football the defense has a specific job.
In American football, a touchdown scores six points.
In American money, a "quarter" is 25 cents; 4 quarters make a dollar.
In American movies, the black guy always dies first.
In American society, economic power knows no bounds.
In American video games, Russians are often depicted as the main villains.
In America’s ideal of freedom, the exercise of rights is ennobled by service, and mercy, and a heart for the weak.
In Ancient Greece dying young was considered the "beautiful death" because you die in your prime, and you will forever be remembered as you were.
In Ancient Greece, women didn't have the right to be involved in politics. In other words, they weren't considered citizens.
In Ancient Hebrew the Hebrew language was called Yehudhith, meaning Jewish.
In Anger Management hothead Adam Sandler is sentenced to undergo unorthodox therapy at the hands of Jack Nicholson who says the challenge and fun is to give audiences something they have not seen before.
In Animism, there is credence in ubiquitous spirit entities pervading the totality of Nature.
In Animistic religions, the afterlife may mean living as an astral body, a spirit, haunting forests or mountains, watching out for surviving family members.
In Ankara, I made clear that America is not â€“ and never will be â€“ at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security.
In Ankara, I made clear that America is not – and never will be – at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security.
In Ankara, I made clear that the United States is not – and never will be – at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security.
In Ankara, all the seasons are like winter.
In Antarctica, scientists have drilled down two miles below the surface and brought up samples of the ice. These samples are called ice cores.
In Antarctica, year-round freezing temperatures mean that the surface of the interior ice sheet doesn't melt. Instead, most of the ice is lost as warmer ocean temperatures join warm air temperatures to eat away at the floating ice shelves at the ends of glaciers in West Antarctica.
In Appalachia, no ecosystem is better at capturing carbon dioxide than red spruce forests.
In April 1933, Heidegger was appointed rector of the University of Freiburg.
In April 1987, Reagan declared AIDS “public health enemy No. 1.”
In April 1999, Abdelaziz Bouteflika become the president of Algeria.
In April 2004, the divorce was finalized.
In April 2013, the government amended its mining code to reduce taxes and royalties.
In April 2014, the U.S., U.K., and Germany announced the Global Innovation Lab for Climate Finance, a public-private platform designed to spur private-sector investment in low-carbon, climate-resilient infrastructure in developing countries.
In April 2017, Belarus agreed to pay its gas debt, and Russia restored the flow of crude.
In April 2021, Sahrawi President Brahim Ghali traveled to Spain to be treated for Covid-19.
In April of 1968, Rev. King was in Memphis, Tennessee.
In April there were not many holidayers on the island.
In April we have a lot of school events.
In April, Carlos traveled to Algeria.
In April, Wells Fargo announced changes to its campus debit cards. The company said it would permit account holders to overdraft their accounts without a fee once a month. They can also withdraw money from another bank up to four times a month.
In April, it rained so much that all the reservoirs in my country filled up.
In April, the four agencies launched a joint site on YouTube to provide a range of news and sociopolitical content that is not filtered by the government.
In Arabic culture, men say that vanity belongs to women.
In Arabic, there are huge numbers of verbs.
In Arabic, there's a huge number of verbs.
In Arcaicam Esperantom, the ending -d marks an indirect object.
In Arcaicam Esperantom, the ending -es can be applied to any noun to form the genitive.
In Arles I saw a bullfight.
In Ashkenazi and most forms of Mizrahi Hebrew, the letter tav has two different pronunciations depending on whether a dagesh is present.
In Asia men usually precede women when walking.
In Asia, Europe and the United States, more and more food stuffs are being turned into fuel — more corn and grains into ethanol, more palm oil and other plant materials into biodiesel. Scientists around the world are stepping up research aimed at turning grains, grasses and agricultural waste products into fuels.
In Asia, more than 500 million people, primarily in the southern part of the continent, are suffering from malnutrition.
In Asia, the French language is often associated with romanticism.
In Asian culture it's customary to take one's shoes off before entering a house or temple.
In Asian culture it’s customary to take one’s shoes off before entering a house or temple.
In Athens' central Monastiraki Square, in the shadow of the Acropolis, 51-year-old Konstantinos Polychronopoulos stirs a large pot of chicken stew as other volunteers ready plates and cutlery at the self-styled "Social Kitchen."
In Athens, I bought a parrot that only speaks Greek.
In August 1986 the ringtail became the State Mammal of Arizona.
In August 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait.
In August 2004, Mehriban Aliyeva was named a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for her role in protecting and developing Azerbaijan's intangible folk literature and national musical heritage.
In August 2006 the International Astronomic Union downgraded the status of Pluto to that of a "dwarf planet." This means that from then on only the rocky worlds of the inner Solar System and the gas giants of the outer system are designated as planets.
In August 2014 the Swedish Building Workers' Union decided that the gender-neutral pronoun "hen" ("he or she, or neither he nor she") should be used instead of "han" ("he") in forthcoming versions of its by-laws.
In August 2018, education publisher Pearson reported that 59% of Gen Zers preferred using YouTube, compared with 55% of millennials, the generation that preceded them.
In August almost all the stores offer discounts.
In August there are no classes.
In August, I have a technological refresher course that lasts two months.
In August, I'm going to Japan with my friends.
In August, I’m going to Japan with my friends.
In August, Microsoft tested the 4-day week in Japan. As a result, 25.4% of employees took less vacation, 58.7% fewer pages were printed, power consumption fell by 23.1%, and productivity increased that month by 39.9%.
In August, do what you want.
In August, the U.S. Senate passed a $1 trillion bipartisan infrastructure plan that focuses on transportation, utilities, including high-speed internet for rural communities, and pollution cleanup.
In Austin, Texas, people gathered recently at the Sans Bar and drank alcohol-free beers and mixed drinks called watermelon mockaritas.
In Australia, Christmas happens in the summertime.
In Australia, English is spoken.
In Australia, Indonesia's neighbour, many high schools and universities offer Indonesian courses.
In Australia, aboriginal people are discriminated against.
In Australia, discrimination against aboriginal people is pervasive in the health system.
In Australia, it very rarely snows in December.
In Australia, it's summer in February.
In Australia, one speaks English.
In Australia, they speak English.
In Australia, voting is compulsory.
In Austria and Switzerland, electricity costs only about two-thirds as much as it does in Germany.
In Austria, German is spoken.
In Austria, there are more Catholics than Protestants. But in Germany, about half of the Christians are Catholics. Both speak German. German is also an official language in Switzerland where there are four official languages.
In Austria, you have to pay to use the highway.
In Austria, you have to pay to use the motorway.
In Avignon one can visit the Pope's castle.
In BC, one sees both old-style and new-style sinograms on signs.
In Babylonia the sacred tree was no doubt closely associated with Istar, the divine mother, who was originally not a Semitic, but an Accadian goddess, and whose cult, together with that of her bridegroom Tammuz, was introduced into Chaldaea from Eridu, a city which flourished on the shores of the Persian Gulf between 3000 and 4000 B.C.
In Bali the primary directions are toward and away from the island's great mountain, Gunung Agung.
In Bali, the intergenerational forgetting of names is institutionalized. A woman will be known by her given name to peers. When she bears a son, the boy's age-mates will refer to her as "the mother of so-and-so."
In Bangkok, my Auntie Vicky treated me, my grandma, and her Thai lady friend, who was married to a Frenchman, to a fancy restaurant at night.
In Bangkok, the streets are deserted except for military trucks and workers in hazmat suits.
In Baraholka, the city's largest bazaar, vendors offer blue jeans, humidifiers, mobile phone chargers, and fresh apples—all from China.
In Basque, the active subject should have an ergative case marker.
In Beijing, hutongs are alleys formed by lines of siheyuans, the traditional courtyard residences.
In Bejaia, a lot of women wear the hijab.
In Bejaia, he began to read the Quran translated into Berber.
In Belgium, Flemish people want to declare their independence someday.
In Belgium, here is a mix between people who speak Flemish and French.
In Belgium, the official languages are Dutch, French, and German.
In Bengal, in eastern India, Diwali is dedicated to the dark goddess of power, Kali.
In Bengali Santali is called Santhali.
In Berber, Adrar means mountain.
In Berber, Gabriel explained what happened.
In Berber, the word for truth is feminine.
In Berlin it's nigh on evening, but the thermometer still shows twenty-seven degrees.
In Bethlehem, which braced for a rare snowstorm, Syria's Orthodox archbishop joined his Greek and Coptic Orthodox counterparts for religious services at the Church of the Nativity in Manger Square.
In Bilbao sex isn't a sin but a miracle.
In Boston, I happened to run into an old friend of mine.
In Boston, I went to a chop suey shop and had dinner.
In Boston, it'll be sunny and just above freezing.
In Boston, the situation is even worse.
In Boston, they were all congregationalists.
In Boston, we went to a chop suey shop and had dinner.
In Brazil I have a friend named Carlos, who is married to a Russian named Marina.
In Brazil the prevalence of Asperger's Syndrome may reach 0.5%.
In Brazil we are in autumn.
In Brazil, Christmas happens in the middle of summer and is often celebrated on the beaches.
In Brazil, I would like to visit Rio de Janeiro, as I practice my Portuguese in the Carioca accent. I like the vision of Brasilia, so I would like to visit the capital. I would also like to visit Manaus, the only city in the Amazon Rainforest with over one million inhabitants. The Amazon has a luxuriant ecosystem. Brazil is in my bucket list.
In Brazil, antibiotics are only sold with a prescription.
In Brazil, evangelical Christianity is rampant.
In Brazil, he stayed in Esperantists' houses.
In Brazil, people usually wait for the arrival of the new year on the beaches.
In Brazil, the pronoun "você" is the casual way of saying "you", whilst in Portugal it's used in more formal contexts to denote courteousness.
In Brazil, there's a joie de vivre that can barely be imagined in Europe.
In Brazil, there's a zest for life that can barely be imagined in Europe.
In Brazil, voting is mandatory.
In Brazil, we often use animal names as adjectives.
In Brazil, when a team takes last place in the league, they're called the "lantern", which roughly equates to "tail-enders".
In Brazil, you will eat a lot of delicious fruit.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
In Britain it is the final day of campaigning before voters go to the polls Thursday and it's the tightest election the country has seen in decades.
In Britain the Metro is known as the Underground, not as the subway.
In Britain they call the subway the underground.
In Britain you drive on the left.
In Britain, an HGV is called a lorry.
In Britain, doctors are angry about the lack of testing of health professionals.
In Britain, heavy goods vehicles are called lorries.
In Britain, mince pies are traditionally eaten at Christmas time.
In Britain, neither major party supports trans rights.
In Britain, the banks open at 9:00 in the morning.
In Britain, there are lots of elements that define the diasporic lives.
In British English, "shall" is used in the first person while "will" is used in the second and third persons. But for emphasis, these can be switched.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
In Brittany, it only rains on idiots.
In Buddhism, an exalted being is not so emotional.
In Buddhism, having much emotion is not exaltation.
In Buddhism, one tests ideas for oneself, unlike other religions wherein leaders oblige adherents to believe everything the religion tells them. There are Buddhist ideas like The Four Noble Truths, rebirth cycles, special cosmology, metaphysical concepts, et cetera which one tests for oneself whether they are true to oneself.
In Buddhism, the god Enma rules the underworld.
In Buddhism, your consciousness stream is ever-changing.
In Buddhist cosmology, there are several heavens and several hellworlds. I am thinking that our Earth could possibly be just one of the hellworlds. Baptist Protestantism is similar to Pure Land Buddhism or Amidism, because they both require only faith on a superperson, either Jesus or Amitābha Buddha, respectively. Of course, both Buddhism and Christianity have other different sects. Other sects of Buddhism do not really require faith on a superperson.
In Byzantine sources the medieval Hungarian state was called Tourkia.
In Cairo, 130 participants in the riot in front of the Israeli embassy were arrested.
In California are the famous big trees, or "forest kings" as they are called.
In California, it matters more how good you look doing it.
In California, most houses have frames of wood.
In California, where the first part of a four-phase plan to reopen the state’s economy begins Friday, Gov. Gavin Newsom said the community spread of the virus began in a nail salon.
In California, you have to study early childhood education to work at a daycare.
In Cameroon’s port city of Douala, most used cooking oil from hotels and restaurants was once dumped down the drain, where it fouled up plumbing systems and caused pollution.
In Canada we sleep in a bed, not on the floor.
In Canada, French and English are spoken.
In Canada, drinking alcohol isn't permitted until the age of twenty.
In Canada, everything is wonderful.
In Canada, milk comes in bags.
In Canada, people speak English and French.
In Canada, people speak both English and French.
In Canada, the main language is English, but in Quebec, French is spoken.
In Canada, the main language is English, but in Quebec, they speak French.
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
In Canada, there are two official languages.
In Canada, they speak English and French.
In Canada, when hackers steal customers’ money, online banks disclaim liability.
In Canada, you're not allowed to drink until you are 20.
In Canada, you’re not allowed to drink until you are 20.
In Canadian French, a pourriel — a version of courriel, French for email — means spam mail.
In Cantonese, we don't say "I love you" so directly, but "I like you".
In Cape Cod, Massachusetts, the same crab is having the opposite impact.
In Ceará, we don't need hoodies because the weather is always so hot.
In Central America, forests are replaced by cattle ranches.
In Central America, the Regional Visualization and Monitoring System known by its Spanish acronym, Servir, is using data obtained from satellites to assist in regional weather forecasting, disaster management, and monitoring air pollution, red tides and fire.
In Chamonix we have wonderful alpine mountaineering.
In Chandipur village in southwest Bangladesh, lush vines sprouting pumpkins and gourds cover the tin roofs of small homes.
In Chaplin's words, "count your garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall."
In Chemical Engineering courses, we learned to make both metric and non-metric calculations. Metric always looks cleaner.
In Chemistry, the characteristic of enzymes (and catalysts) to participate in certain chemical reactions is called specificity.
In Chile they speak Spanish.
In Chile we speak Spanish.
In China a lot of elderly people play tai chi in the morning.
In China as well, glass is being excavated out of graves from the Warring States Period.
In China there are seven large independent languages spoken by millions of people.
In China they also study Esperanto.
In China they say that you shouldn't judge a person by their appearance.
In China too glass is being excavated out of graves from the Era of Warring States.
In China's agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
In China, Uyghurs have their own culture.
In China, a hotel used to quarantine people with the virus collapsed Sunday.
In China, children shorter than 1.1m don't need to buy a ticket to travel by train.
In China, children shorter than 1.1m don’t need to buy a ticket to travel by train.
In China, lamb eggs are considered a very expensive delicacy.
In China, people eat with chopsticks.
In China, software piracy is a serious issue.
In China, southern people eat rice as staple food; northern people eat wheaten food as staple food.
In China, talented people are often described as "ten thousand mile horses".
In China, the 11th of November is Singles Day.
In China, the color red is associated with joy and good fortune.
In China, the family name comes first, followed by the given name.
In China, the history began thirty years ago; we can't know what happened any farther back than thirty years.
In China, there are 56 minorities.
In China, there are a lot of big cities.
In China, there is a large number of characters, so the goal of the character simplification was to replace the complex traditional characters with easy to remember simplified characters and increase the literacy rate.
In China, there's a saying that you can't judge a person by appearance.
In China, there’s a saying that you can’t judge a person by appearance.
In China, they celebrate New Year by the lunar calendar.
In China, they celebrate the New Year by the lunar calendar.
In China, we put our family name first, then our given name.
In China, we put our family name first, then our name.
In China, we usually don't eat desserts during or following meals. I love them. However, I don't like the fact that I'm getting fatter because of eating them.
In China, you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there.
In China’s agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
In China’s approach to relations with other countries, we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states.
In Chinese, 'dumpling' and 'first exchange' are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
In Chinese, my name means "language".
In Chinese, ’dumpling’ and ’first exchange’ are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
In Christian countries, Sunday is a day off.
In Christianity, God is portrayed like a man.
In Christianity, Jesus is believed to be the son of God.
In Christianity, a hypocrite is one of the worst things to be. In Judaism, it is best to be sincere and mindful in carrying out commandments, but it is also better to perform them without believing in them than not to perform them at all.
In Club Med Cancún, there were luscious buffets every day. I ate my first frog leg there in Mexico.
In Colombia, Catholic customs prevail.
In Colombia, the population is classified into social strata ranging from one to six, one being the poorest and six being the richest.
In Copernicus' time most astronomers believed the theory the Greek astronomer Ptolemy had developed more than 1,000 years earlier. Ptolemy said the Earth was the center of the universe and was motionless. He believed all other heavenly bodies moved in complicated patterns around the Earth.
In Cuba, the Americans owned everything.
In Cuba, the healthcare system is entirely controlled by the government.
In Cyprus, they speak Greek, Turkish and English.
In Czech and Hungarian, the stress always falls on the first syllable.
In Czech, Tom is a short version of name Tomáš.
In Czechia, it is a tradition to have a carp for Christmas Eve dinner. However, carps are often maltreated by people and suffer.
In Damiano's small town, there is not much to do.
In Danny's school, students learn Klingon as a second language.
In Daoism, the "ten thousand things" are like "straw dogs" to Heaven and Earth.
In Daoism, to not know constancy is a tragedy.
In December 1941, the United States was at war.
In December 1989, he sent troops to Panama.
In December 2004, Mehriban Aliyeva was elected a member of the Executive Committee of the National Olympic Committee (NOC) of the Republic of Azerbaijan during its 4th General Assembly.
In December 2008, Liechtenstein signed a Tax Information Exchange Agreement with the US.
In December 2013, the Department of Agriculture announced it will provide up to $250 million to help businesses and residential customers in rural areas cut their energy bills through energy efficiency and renewable energy use.
In December 2015, Chad completed a two-year rotation on the UN Security Council.
In December 2016, the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled that the EU-Morocco trade agreement could not apply to Western Sahara, as it is a territory "separate and distinct" from Morocco.
In December 2019, FIDE listed 14 Brazilian Grand Masters, three of whom are inactive.
In December I'm going on vacation in America.
In December of 1932, Einstein left for the United States. A month after his departure the Nazis assumed control of Germany. He never returned to Germany.
In December of 1968, the crew of Apollo 8 became the first people to leave our home planet and travel to another body in space.
In December of that year, a new Constitution was adopted.
In December police—thanks to DNA evidence—seized two brothers from a crime scene.
In December you can buy high quality grapes.
In December, winter begins.
In Denmark, there aren't any yellow postboxes.
In Denmark, where the Meteorological Institute reported that the month of July has been the sunniest since they started recording data in 1920, sales of alcoholic beverages dropped in favor of non-alcoholic beers and sodas.
In Denver, Colorado, where the altitude is around 5,200 feet (just about 1 mile above sea level), reduced air pressure causes water to boil 4 to 5 degrees C below the standard 100 degrees C.
In Denver, people tend to dress casually because they're outdoorsy.
In Devon we have wonderful coastal walking.
In Devon we have wonderful moorland walking.
In Disneyland, popular characters in various stories march in procession at one o'clock.
In Disneyland, popular characters in various stories march in procession at one o’clock.
In Dnipropetrovsk, Lenin Square has been renamed into Maidan Heroes Square.
In Dutch Yiddish the neuter definite article dos was replaced by es, the third-person neuter pronoun, after the Dutch word het which also fills both functions.
In Dutch cities some migrants simply throw trash out the window.
In Dutch folklore, kabouters are tiny people who live underground.
In Dutch, the term "beer" also refers to a male pig.
In Earth orbit, conditions can be as cold as minus 250 degrees Fahrenheit. In the sunlight, they can be as hot as 250 degrees. A spacesuit protects astronauts from those extreme temperatures.
In East Asia, it's considered desirable for women to have pale skin.
In East and West alike there are oracular wells inhabited by spirits gifted with powers of divination.
In Egypt they speak Arabic.
In Egypt, a deeply religious country in a deeply religious region, atheism is not only taboo, it is dangerous.
In Egypt, it happens all the time.
In Egypt, this happens all the time.
In Eisenach, there is a statue of Bach near the palace.
In El Salvador, climate change is stressing the country's mangrove forests.
In Elefen two alphabets can be used: Latin and Cyrillic.
In Elefen, he wrote fifteen thousand sentences.
In England in the Middle Ages, whole towns played football on certain holidays, sometimes with as many as 500 players at one time.
In England spring really begins with the first of May.
In England the waiter asked us, "How much beer would you like, a half pint or a pint?" Having no idea how much that would be, we asked him to show us the glasses.
In England the waiter asked us: how much beer would you like? A half pint, or a pint? Because we still didn't know how much that was, we asked him to show us the glasses.
In England they are supposed to keep to the left.
In England they have much rain at this time of the year.
In England you drive on the left.
In England, Labor Day is in May.
In England, in the summer, the sun rises at about 4 a.m.
In England, parks taking rare breeds of animals as their theme are becoming increasingly popular with people.
In England, people will be allowed to celebrate in three-household “Christmas bubbles” for a five-day period over the season.
In England, the long-term effects of the medieval Black Death were devastating and far-reaching, according to historian Tom James.
In England, the queen reigns but does not rule.
In England, the subway isn't called "subway", it is called the "underground".
In England, the subway isn't called "the subway", it's called "the underground."
In England, they say "as drunk as a lord," in Russia by contrast, "as drunk as a shoemaker."
In English "blue" and "blew" are homonyms.
In English at least, the name of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with.
In English class we sometimes sit in a circle and discuss the book we're reading.
In English class, sometimes we sit in a circle to talk about a book we are reading.
In English common law, realty is owned land plus the physical structures associated with it.
In English examinations, she always gets good marks, not to say straight As.
In English ivies, a little bit of shedding is normal.
In English the verb precedes the object.
In English the word order is stricter than Finnish.
In English there are eight main parts of speech: noun, verb, adjective, adverb, pronoun, preposition, conjunction and finally interjection.
In English there are only three cases, nominative, genitive, and objective, or accusative case.
In English there are some words borrowed from Japanese.
In English there is a choice between closed and open punctuation; in the former, the writer uses all punctuation that can legitimately be used, whereas in the latter the writer leaves out all punctuation that can be left out without creating ambiguity.
In English there is a word which means everything "that is fortunate and discovered by accident or mere chance."
In English we say "coup d'etat," from French, where many other languages have their own words or calques.
In English, "I am good" usually means "I am a good person" (I don't do bad things). It can also mean "I am doing well" or "I am OK", but in this case, we would tend to say "I'm fine" instead.
In English, "black tie" can mean more than just a tie that is black in color.
In English, "ultraviolet" is often abbreviated as "UV".
In English, F and V are labiodental fricatives.
In English, a group of peacocks can be called "an ostentation of peacocks"!
In English, consonantal Y is a palatal approximant.
In English, heists are distinct from fraud or simple robberies.
In English, it is very easy to write entire books without giving away your gender. This is unlike Romance or Slavic languages, which inflect adjectives, and sometimes even verbs, for gender.
In English, the first letter of a proper noun is capitalised.
In English, the first letter of country and language names are written big.
In English, the full name of BTS, the hugely popular Korean pop group, means “Bulletproof Boy Scouts.”
In English, the relative pronoun is often omitted. In Latin it never is.
In English, the usual sentence structure is Subject - Verb - Object/Complement.
In English, the verb “demand” is something you say when you have a strong need for something. It is usually an impolite way to ask for something. However, in French, the word demander is a better way “to ask” for something. The speaker is showing more consideration of the other person’s feelings.
In English, the word chat is a verb which means “to talk casually;” but in French, the word chat is the word for an animal: a cat.
In English, the word “blessing” has at least two meanings. As we said, a blessing is something that brings you happiness or helps you. To religious people, a blessing is approval and help from a higher source -- God.
In English, the words a or an are indefinite articles that are used to refer to a person or thing that is non-specific, such as something generic or something mentioned for the first time.
In English, there's no double negation.
In English, unlike in many other languages, one can write entire books without giving away one's gender.
In English, we should use the pronouns "a" or "an" before singular nouns like "house", "dog", "radio", "computer", etc.
In English, we use a decimal point instead of a comma.
In English, your answer can be 'correct' or 'incorrect'; but in Marathi, your answer can be 'wrong' or 'un-wrong'.
In Esperanto an adjective ends in "a." The plural is formed by adding "j."
In Esperanto the final o is a word that means: which is.
In Esperanto the stress falls on the penultimate syllable.
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.
In Esperanto there is indeed a very free word order, as there also is in Russian, but this does not mean that every formally permissible word order is just as good as any other.
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite article.
In Esperanto there is only a single conjugation, which can be learned in 15 minutes.
In Esperanto there is only a single declension. One can learn it in less than 15 minutes.
In Esperanto, adjectives end in "a", and plurals in "j".
In Esperanto, adjectives end in "a". The plural is formed by adding "j".
In Esperanto, derived adverbs end in -e.
In Esperanto, green symbolizes hope.
In Esperanto, nouns always end with "o".
In Esperanto, nouns end in "o". The plural is formed by adding "j" to the end of the word.
In Esperanto, nouns end in "o". The plural is formed by adding a "j".
In Esperanto, nouns end with "o". Plurals are formed with the addition of "j".
In Esperanto, nouns, adjectives, adverbs and verbs show their function within the sentence through their endings.
In Esperanto, substantives, adjectives, adverbs and verbs show their function in a sentence through their ending.
In Esperanto, the accent always falls on the penultimate vowel.
In Esperanto, the accusative case is marked with the ending -n.
In Esperanto, the color green symbolizes hope.
In Esperanto, the derived adverb ends with "e".
In Esperanto, the direct object is marked with the ending -n.
In Esperanto, the final vowel of a noun or of the definite article can be left out and replaced by an apostrophe.
In Esperanto, the main stress always falls on the second-to-last syllable.
In Esperanto, the penultimate syllable is always stressed.
In Esperanto, the penultimate syllable is stressed.
In Esperanto, the second-to-last syllable is accentuated.
In Esperanto, the syllable before the last one is always stressed.
In Esperanto, the word "ĉu" serves mainly as a question tag.
In Esperanto, verbs end in -i.
In Europe and America they regard the dog as a member of the family.
In Europe and America, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
In Europe it is difficult, yet possible, to find a job.
In Europe many people are afraid of terrorism although getting killed in a car accident is much more likely.
In Europe the schools start up in September.
In Europe, Cathari were a sect at odds with the Catholic Church during the 11th to 13th centuries. They believed in 2 gods, the evil Creator God Rex Mundi and Jesus. Like Marcionites in the 2nd and 3rd centuries, Cathari in the Middle Ages were dualistic. It is unclear whether Catharism was a continuation of Marcionite thinking.
In Europe, Muslims are engineers, programmers, college professors, and surgeons.
In Europe, classes begin in September.
In Europe, for some, there is Brexit fatigue, and a hope that both sides can move on after more than three years of uncertainty.
In Europe, only crime and capitalism are organized internationally.
In Europe, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
In Europe, there is an increase in populism.
In Europe, you can call the emergency telephone number 112 on a mobile phone without a SIM card or credit.
In February 1905, a Chicago lawyer named Paul founded a business and fellowship club for men.
In February 2019, Algerian protesters were rejecting the whole system.
In February 2019, Algerians expressed their anger at the authorities.
In February 2019, Algerians took to the streets en masse.
In February 2019, a wave of popular unrest started in Algeria.
In February 2019, demonstrations broke out everywhere in Algeria.
In February 2019, massive demonstrations broke out in Algeria.
In February 2019, massive protests spread across different cities in Algeria.
In February I'm coming back to Shanghai.
In February it snows at least every three days.
In February the government's budget came in.
In February the lizard leaves the hole.
In February there are only 28 days.
In February, 1826, Biela discovered in the constellation Aries a comet which was found to be travelling in an oval path round the sun, in a period of about six years seven and a half months.
In February, I was in Sao Paulo.
In Feng Shui, Qi is a type of energy or life force.
In Finland public transport is always on time.
In Finland, almost everyone has a sauna in their home.
In Finland, expectant mothers are given a baby box by the state.
In Finland, expectant mothers are given a maternity package by the state.
In Finland, teachers don't give out homework.
In Finland, there are more saunas than cars.
In Finnish, you don't aspirate the consonants k, p, and t.
In Finnland, there is a large number of lakes.
In Flanders between 10 and 20 percent of professors and lecturers teaching in English did not attain the required language level.
In Florida there's Cuban food everywhere.
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate?
In France every restaurant has some method by which you don't have to pay, in China it is the opposite.
In France many cars run on diesel.
In France the first name comes before the last name.
In France the first name comes before the surname.
In France there are very good highways.
In France they measure wine by the centilitre.
In France they say either "(téléphone) mobile" or "portable", but the latter is ambiguous, because you often cannot tell whether it refers to a telephone, a computer, or another portable device.
In France, Britain-born Parisian Mitch Hooper, a theater director, has been seeing out the pandemic with his girlfriend in the country among the birds and the flowers rather than concrete and cars.
In France, North African Jews are facing an increasing amount of violent antisemitism, leading many of them to emigrate for Israel.
In France, a fresh baguette is considered as necessary as medicine.
In France, a great amount of wine is consumed.
In France, a lot of cars run on diesel.
In France, advertising of mobile phones directed at children 12 and under is prohibited.
In France, everything ends in songs.
In France, it's not mandatory to vote.
In France, its birthplace, Tatoeba became a cultural and social phenomenon.
In France, lunch is eaten at around two.
In France, many young people have motorcycles.
In France, mineral water usually is drunk in restaurants.
In France, police can fine people up to $150 if they do not have a valid excuse to be outside.
In France, potatoes are vegetables, while in the Netherlands, they are not.
In France, the French speak French.
In France, the first name goes before the surname.
In France, the right to vote is acquired at the age of 18.
In France, the seventeenth century is the period of classical literature.
In France, there are people who want to use inclusive writing which does not differentiate between men and women.
In France, there's a large amount of rivers.
In France, they forced me to remove my headscarf in school.
In France, truffle hunters historically relied on the keen noses of pigs, while Italy is home to a special breed of truffle dog.
In France, voting isn't mandatory.
In France, voting isn't obligatory.
In France, we have more than two million Algerians living.
In France, we leave alone those who start fires, but we persecute those who sound the alarm.
In France, we study men, in Germany, books.
In France, where the site was founded, Tatoeba has become a cultural and social phenomenon.
In France, with evidence dating back to 1000 CE up until the mid 20th century, the Cagot where a group of people discriminated against for no discernable reason, similar to an untouchable caste.
In France, women have gained many rights, likewise, that has happened in the United States.
In France, you must put a space before an exclamation point.
In French and in English, it is called Canada.
In French it's best to use French words.
In French there doesn't exist a word for that.
In French typography, the word "espace" is feminine; it refers to the wooden strip inserted between the lead types in order for the printed words to be separated from each other.
In French, "si" is followed by the present indicative, imperfect, pluperfect, or passé composé but—except in exceptional cases—never by the future or conditional.
In French, I manage to fend myself; in Kabyle, on the other hand, the road will be longer.
In French, US is an abbreviation of "Union Sportive."
In French, a forename is sometimes joined to a surname by a hyphen.
In French, a space must always be left either side of a semicolon.
In French, adjectives agree in gender and number with the noun they qualify.
In French, please.
In French, the past participle, when used with the auxiliary "avoir", never agrees with the subject of the verb.
In French, the subject is rarely omitted.
In French, you can rarely omit the subject.
In French, you must leave a space between the last word and the exclamation point or question mark.
In Gaza, even hospitals and UN schools were shelled.
In Gaza, there are a lot of unemployed civil engineers.
In General Relativity the observed global effect of gravity arises from strictly local interaction with curved space-time.
In George Orwell's final novel, he explores a dystopian future in which a totalitarian government controls the actions, thoughts and even emotions of its citizens.
In Georgia, people lined up early Friday at hair salons and barbershops in the state capital, Atlanta, and its suburbs to get trims and treatments for the first time in weeks.
In German it's a sin to leave out a comma, whereas in English it's a sin to insert an unnecessary one.
In German mythology, energy is produced from mountains and forests.
In German you use the ending "-in" for female forms of nouns.
In German, "Mädchen" actually takes a neutral article, like most nouns that end in "-chen".
In German, all nouns are capitalized.
In German, compound words are written as one word!
In German, nouns are always capitalised.
In German, nouns are capitalized.
In German, the definite article's genitive plural in all three genders is "der".
In German, the feminine definite article's genitive singular is "der".
In German, there are over ninety verbs with the prefix "ent-".
In German, when you subordinate an infinitive to a finite verb, it is moved to the end of the sentence. In Yiddish, only certain types of words will come before the infinitive, such as pronouns, adverbs, and subject nouns.
In Germany a revolution couldn't occur, because it would require people to walk on the grass.
In Germany and Austria, the names Chantal and Kevin are viewed very negatively.
In Germany ghosts don't pay taxes.
In Germany the people are the most courteous.
In Germany today, anti-violence rallies took place in several cities, including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday.
In Germany winters are colder than they are in Italy.
In Germany you're a minor if you're younger than 18 years old.
In Germany, eggs are normally sold either 6 or 10 at a time.
In Germany, many Jews used to work as cattle dealers.
In Germany, people can only get married at the registry office.
In Germany, the Italian mafia is an underestimated problem.
In Germany, the federal chancellor is democratically chosen.
In Germany, the government pays a generous allowance called "Kindergeld" to parents.
In Germany, the nobility was abolished in 1919.
In Germany, the police cars are coloured silver.
In Germany, there's a superstition that if you light a cigarette off a candle, a sailor will die at sea.
In Germany, there's nothing equivalent to church tax for Muslims.
In Germany, there’s a superstition that if you light a cigarette off a candle, a sailor will die at sea.
In Germany, they speak German.
In Germany, three million people work at night like Tom.
In Germany, voting takes place on a Sunday, while in Britain, Thursday is preferred.
In Germany, we have always paid with travelers checks.
In Germany, writers who are not linguistically up to their worldview are called visionaries.
In Germany, you have to pay for everything, even to use a public bathroom.
In Ghardaia, Mozabite men wear their traditional clothing.
In Ghardaia, Mozabites built a network of wells connected by underground channels.
In Globasa, only a handful of words, such as matre and patre, indicate gender. Otherwise, words denoting people are gender-neutral.
In Go, the game begins when one player picks up a stone from a bowl and places it on the board.
In God We Trust.
In God we trust.
In God's eyes all men are equal.
In God's name, what's going on here?
In Godzilla we trust.
In Grade 1, I read imaginative Dr. Seuss books in a Philippine school. It was the seed that would later become a love affair with sci-fi.
In Grade 5 at the green schoolyard on Lulu Island, one windy sunny day with a blue sky, scores of children flew their kites. The festive sky was full of coloured plastic beasts.
In Grade 5, my first class in North America, as I was from the Philippines, my classmate Stanley became a close friend. He had a red spot on each of his cheeks. He adored speculative fiction, as I did. His family was from Xiānggǎng, if I remember correctly.
In Grade 7, on one snowy winter day on Lulu Island, my friend Tom, who hailed from Taiwan, and I were building, on the school's baseball field, a snow city, modelled after the buildings on planet Krypton in the popular movie Superman with Christopher Reeve and Marlon Brando. Tom disappeared from this world later in high school.
In Grade 7, the teacher next door, Mr. Nehra, would visit our class to teach about the biological theme about dandelions. We wrote a report. We learned how dandelion flowers would follow the sun. We learned that dandelion leaves could be made into salad. The roots could be used to make a coffee substitute.
In Grades 6 and 7 on Lulu Island, I adored Tolkien's fantasy books. When snowy winter came, the canals by the streets near my school were frozen into ice. I ventured to walk on the ice, and often it cracked under my running shoes. There was cold water underneath. I imagined that my exploration was like living in Tolkien's Middle-earth. I was like a Hobbit or an Elf.
In Granada the Alhambra means the red one in Arabic.
In Great Britain the king reigns, but does not govern.
In Greece the Pleiades were the ghosts of the seven daughters of Atlas and Pleione, and in Australia they were and are a queen and six handmaidens.
In Greece there is a mountain called Olympus.
In Greece, I speak Greek.
In Greek literature, the Seven Seas were the Aegean, Adriatic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Caspian seas, and the Persian Gulf.
In Greek mythology, Ares was the god of war.
In Greek mythology, Hermes, the son of Zeus, is the messenger of the gods.
In Greek mythology, Hipnos is the god of sleep, twin brother of Thanatos, god of death.
In Greek mythology, Zeus is the son of Chronos.
In Greek mythology, Zeus is the son of Cronus.
In Greek mythology, it's not necessary to pay taxes.
In Greek mythology, the Horae or Hours were the goddesses of the seasons.
In Greenland it's colder than in Germany.
In Greenland, indigenous people who traditionally have used dog sledges to navigate the ice, now have to use boats to reach their traditional hunting grounds.
In Greenland, most of the ice loss stems from warming air temperatures that melt the surface of the ice sheet, as well as calving from the glaciers that empty into the sea.
In Guantanamo, you have to wear an orange jumpsuit all the time.
In Hachi: A Dog's Tale, the dog waits every day at the station in the hopes that his dead master will return.
In Haiti, he is an ambassador.
In Haiti, there was a large earthquake.
In Hamburg, authorities collected almost five metric tons of dead fish from ponds over the weekend.
In Hans Christian Andersen's classic fairy tale, "The Emperor's New Clothes," two swindlers promise an emperor beautiful new clothes that are invisible to anyone who is unfit for their position, unjust or stupid.
In Harbin, many people invite me to their homes to have dinner.
In Haryana's Anjanthali village, Vinod Kumar used to grow rice and wheat using traditional methods on his 10-hectare farm, but in recent years he says even village elders were puzzled by the new diseases attacking crops such as wheat, which scientists blame on increased temperature variation.
In Hawaii you can swim in the sea all year.
In Hawaii, one can swim in the ocean all year round.
In Hawaii, we can enjoy swimming in the ocean all year round.
In Hawaii, you can cruise all year round.
In Hawaii, you can enjoy sea bathing year-round.
In Hebrew, Hanukkah means "dedication."
In Hell's defense, America has a higher ratio of Americans to non-Americans than Hell.
In Hinduism, "moksha" is when the soul self melds with the god sea.
In Hinduism, many adherents may believe that the many, many gods are aspects of the same Divinity. But not all Hindus believe in this idea. Hindus have a central Trinity of Gods, amongst the many, many gods.
In Hokkaido, they make horses of straw.
In Holland stands a house.
In Holland, there are many windmills.
In Holland, you have houses with window panes and shutters.
In Hollywood, Muslims are represented as violent nasty people.
In Hollywood, all Arabs are insensitive terrorists and all Russians are ruthless mobsters.
In Hong Kong there are two types of liquid food which are considered absolutely vital: Cantonese soup and congee. It is curious to note that however "thick and ingredient-filled" the soup is, it's always drunk and however "thin" the congee is, it's always eaten.
In Hong Kong there are two types of liquid food which are considered absolutely vital: Cantonese soup and congee. It is curious to note that however "thick and ingredient-filled" the soup is, it’s always drunk and however "thin" the congee is, it’s always eaten.
In Hong Kong, English is the second language.
In Hong Kong, I and my two high school friends sojourned at the apartment of the relatives of my friend, who was a Chinese-Filipino from Canada. My other friend was Scottish-Russian from Canada. I was a Filipino. The big apartment took up much of the space of one floor of the apartment building. The kitchen sink was a large industry-grade sink that one would normally see in the laundry room in Canada. My friend had two grownup cousins living there, one girl and one boy. One night, my friends were wasting time playing basketball with the boy cousin and his friends, whilst I and the girl cousin went shopping in the exciting city. I bought a lot of cheap innovative watches. The cousins were learning Japanese, as it was a cool language for young people to learn there. Whilst we were parting from Hong Kong, the girl cousin gave me a small box containing a family of ceramic cats.
In Hungarian there is no grammatical gender.
In Hungarian, everyone has the same pronoun.
In Hungary I have a friend called Borat.
In Hungary the government wants to open the coal mines again, but there are not enough workers and there isn't enough black coal, just brown coal. That's why people stopped mining coal here in the first place.
In Hungary they speak Hungarian.
In Hungary, Orban became Prime Minister in 1998.
In Hungary, Orban controls the media.
In Hungary, Orban is a very powerful man.
In Hungary, everyone speaks Hungarian.
In IT companies, people who are good at maths are well respected.
In Ido, there is a plural article, "le", which should only be used in cases of absolute necessity, when its use is the only way to make clear that a word is used as plural and not as singular.
In Ikebukuro, Tokyo, there are some really good places to do window shopping.
In India maize is a summer crop, ripening in the autumn, when the ears or cobs are picked off the stalks.
In India many girls are named "Nakusa" or "Nakushi", which in Hindi means "unwanted".
In India the biggest protest ever made in the history of humanity is taking place, but the government is blocking communication and the rest of the world doesn't care.
In India there are three major language families unrelated to one another: the Indo-Aryan, Dravidian and Munda languages.
In India, Benetido wanted to visit the Taj Mahal.
In India, Sikhs displaced by the partition between India and Pakistan in 1947, are still taking care of Muslim graves. This is a sign of respect that moves me to tears.
In India, a program to equip millions of homes with energy efficient bulbs and undertake a street light retrofit is expected to lead to a significant conservation of energy in the power-starved country and reduce its carbon footprint.
In India, authorities are investigating warnings that the famed Taj Mahal monument is tilting.
In India, cows are sacred animals.
In India, hate speech against non-Hindus is on the rise.
In India, people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand.
In India, restaurants typically have veg and non-veg options.
In India, the cow is a sacred animal.
In India, the government says it will focus on infrastructure development and on boosting investment as it proposes a slew of measures to propel the economy on a high growth path.
In India, there are lots of rural areas around big towns.
In India, thousands of Dalits are converting to Islam.
In India, where some children from poor urban communities do not attend school, voluntary groups have found creative ways to impart education.
In India, you can find many saints in the Himalayan region who could be called prescient.
In Iran, a convert to Islam inherits all their parents' property if their siblings are not Muslim.
In Iran, we do not have homosexuals like in your country.
In Iraq, American mercenaries had total impunity to kill.
In Ireland, people usually refer to Gaelic football as just "football", while referring to association football as "soccer".
In Islam, having sex outside of marriage leads to death.
In Islam, men marry women and women marry men.
In Islam, the shahada is the testimony of faith.
In Islam, to believe simply means to live.
In Islam, we are brothers in humanity.
In Islam, we don't worship men and women.
In Islam, we don't worship our own desires.
In Islam, women are not allowed to wear revealing clothes.
In Islam, women are treated with respect.
In Islam, women should cover their heads when they go out.
In Islam, you submit your will to God.
In Islam, your sins will melt away with good deeds.
In Israel, the week begins on Sunday and not Monday.
In Istanbul, crowds of tourists can be seen strolling the streets.
In Istanbul, more than a dozen Orthodox men jumped into the frigid waters of the Golden Horn amid heavy rains in a ceremony led by Patriarch Bartholomew I.
In Italian everything is written the way you pronounce it.
In Italian, lei is the formal equivalent of tu.
In Italian, unlike English, adjective placement can vary.
In Italy and Spain, protective gear is running out.
In Italy the child is a symbol of innocence.
In Italy there was nothing left to hold me back.
In Italy you can't use a gun if the robber doesn't have a weapon.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn’t get dark until about nine o’clock.
In Italy, each village holds a festival once a year.
In Italy, mafia groups have taken advantage of rising poverty and economic desperation in the south to present themselves as an alternative to the state.
In Italy, the Veneto region has initiated mass screening of citizens to find asymptomatic carriers of coronavirus.
In Italy, there are a lot of houses with large yards.
In Italy, there are many houses with large gardens.
In Italy, they work five days a week.
In Italy, we use the bidet to wash our private parts when we have no time or desire to take a shower.
In January 1877, the priest of the village Grigoryevka, Kherson Governorate, reported to the diocesan authorities that in his village Baptists cry, sing and kiss the floor during their prayers.
In January 1969, an oil spill off the coast of Santa Barbara, California, killed thousands of birds, dolphins and sea lions.
In January 2007, Montenegro joined the World Bank and IMF, and in December 2011, the WTO.
In January 2023, the U.S. government's No Fly List was leaked by a trans Swiss hacker named maia arson crimew (sic).
In January of that year, we saw snow for four days, from the fourteenth to the seventeenth.
In January, 1914 the German troops plundered the village and destroyed it.
In January, the celebrity hotel heiress pleaded no contest to alcohol-related reckless driving stemming from a September 2006 arrest in Hollywood.
In Japan a new school year starts in April.
In Japan almost all roads are single lane.
In Japan beef has a high degree of marbled fat.
In Japan children as young as 3 begin violin lessons.
In Japan it is less expensive to stay in a Business hotel.
In Japan it is not customary to tip for good service.
In Japan it's generally thought that Germany's water supply isn't suitable for drinking, but this is a mistake.
In Japan it's very hot in summer.
In Japan it’s generally thought that Germany’s water supply isn’t suitable for drinking, but this is a mistake.
In Japan people come of age when they are 20 years old.
In Japan people drive on the left.
In Japan people take off their shoes when they enter a house.
In Japan solar heat is used more for solar water heaters than for electricity generation.
In Japan the ceilings are quite low for foreigners.
In Japan the new term begins in April at school.
In Japan the ring shaped ones came into use first so they're also often called "contraceptive rings".
In Japan the ring shaped ones came into use first so they’re also often called "contraceptive rings".
In Japan the school year begins in April.
In Japan there are 43 prefectures, 2 urban prefectures, 1 circuit and a metropolis.
In Japan there are a lot of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
In Japan there are a lot of translations from English to Japanese and from Japanese to English, but there isn't much real demand for Japanese to Spanish or Spanish to Japanese.
In Japan there are a lot of translations from English to Japanese and from Japanese to English, but there isn’t much real demand for Japanese to Spanish or Spanish to Japanese.
In Japan there are beautiful cities, for example Kyoto and Nara.
In Japan there are four seasons a year.
In Japan there are train stations with a cat for a stationmaster.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
In Japan there aren’t any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
In Japan wages are usually in proportion to seniority.
In Japan we do not repeat a year until high school.
In Japan we have a lot of rain in June.
In Japan we have to put a sixty-two yen stamp on a letter.
In Japan we may criticize the government freely.
In Japan women assume the greater load of responsibility for childcare.
In Japan you can always catch a cab, day or night.
In Japan you don't pour your own beer; someone else does it for you.
In Japan you don’t pour your own beer; someone else does it for you.
In Japan you tend to use your personal seal, but actually a signature would often suffice.
In Japan, Christmas Day is more like Valentine's Day.
In Japan, I often ate okonomiyaki.
In Japan, a beautiful city was built as early as the eighth century.
In Japan, a census is conducted every five years.
In Japan, a census is taken every five years.
In Japan, a marriage must be registered in writing.
In Japan, all children go to school.
In Japan, almost all roads are single-lane.
In Japan, also, deindustrialization is happening.
In Japan, are nurses high on the social scale?
In Japan, attendance at elementary and junior high school is compulsory.
In Japan, bowing is common courtesy.
In Japan, celebrants took turns in striking Buddhist temple bells, an ancient tradition.
In Japan, chefs must take a special exam to be allowed to prepare pufferfish.
In Japan, children are allowed to take public transportation by themselves starting from the age of 6.
In Japan, children begin to play the violin at the age of three.
In Japan, company aims come before personal goals.
In Japan, due partly to the fitness boom that began from around 2000, 'dumbbell training' also appeared as a way to exercise at home.
In Japan, due partly to the fitness boom that began from around 2000, ’dumbbell training’ also appeared as a way to exercise at home.
In Japan, employment opportunities are significantly lower for women than they are for men.
In Japan, even the whites who spoke Japanese fluently were not dealt with as Japanese.
In Japan, everyone speaks Japanese and hardly anyone speaks English.
In Japan, fish is often eaten raw.
In Japan, green traffic lights do not mean "go", but "you are able to go".
In Japan, having a beard is often considered a sign of failure, laziness, violence and uncivilization.
In Japan, it is polite to bow when one meets someone.
In Japan, it is proper to bow when you meet someone.
In Japan, it is said that in the tenth month of the lunar calendar, all the gods of the country gather at Izumo-taisha, and so the tenth month, when the gods disappear from various regions, is called "the month without gods". However, in the Izumo region, where the gods gather, it is also called "the month with gods".
In Japan, it is very hot in summer.
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.
In Japan, it's now 3:00 a.m.
In Japan, it's the norm.
In Japan, it's three in the morning now.
In Japan, it's very hot in the summer.
In Japan, military leaders gained control of the government.
In Japan, moral education is necessary.
In Japan, officials say an 80-year woman who died in a hospital on the outskirts of Tokyo has become the nation's first coronavirus fatality.
In Japan, only women are entitled to take the national obstetrics exam.
In Japan, people become legally of age at twenty.
In Japan, people legally become adults at the age of twenty.
In Japan, people legally become adults when they turn twenty.
In Japan, politicians are more often laughed at than loved in comics.
In Japan, practically every family has a washing machine.
In Japan, radioactive cesium was detected in baby formula.
In Japan, relations between neighbors are apt to be cooler than in USA.
In Japan, school starts in April.
In Japan, some people have surgery on their eyes to look like Westerners. This is the most stupid thing that a person could ever do.
In Japan, spare parts for computers are very expensive.
In Japan, spring is marked with a huge cherry blossom festival, known as "hanami."
In Japan, students are supposed to be selfless and group-centered.
In Japan, suspects are not allowed to have lawyers present during questioning.
In Japan, the "Beckoning Cat" is believed to bring good fortune to its owner.
In Japan, the 3rd of March is known as "Momo no Sekku". As an event which wishes upon the healthy development and happiness of young girls, Hina-dolls and peach flowers are used as decoration. Peach flowers are beautiful, light pink flowers, and symbolise "Charmingness".
In Japan, the amount of children whose only decent meal is provided by school is increasing. The amount of children whose weight decreases due to not being able to eat during summer vacation is also substantial.
In Japan, the flights don’t even leave the ground. An entertainment company offers flights in a fake aircraft cabin. Passengers get meals and tour famous sites through virtual reality headsets.
In Japan, the humidity is high in the summer.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
In Japan, the new school year starts in April.
In Japan, the new semester begins in April.
In Japan, the payroll tax is usually withheld from the monthly salary.
In Japan, the raccoon dog is known as the tanuki and has a long history in folklore.
In Japan, the rainy season lasts from the beginning of June to the middle of July.
In Japan, the rainy season usually begins in June.
In Japan, the school year begins in April.
In Japan, the spring and fall equinoxes are national holidays, but the summer and winter solstices are not.
In Japan, the vernal and autumnal equinoxes are national holidays, but the summer and winter solstices are not.
In Japan, there are a lot of beautiful places.
In Japan, there are arranged marriages and love marriages. In arranged marriages, each partner must show biodata to each other's families before possible approval. Such a marriage is seen also as a business relationship.
In Japan, there are lots of hot springs.
In Japan, there are many hot springs.
In Japan, there is no lake bigger than Lake Biwa.
In Japan, there isn't any lake greater than Lake Biwa.
In Japan, there isn’t any lake greater than Lake Biwa.
In Japan, there's no demand for this merchandise.
In Japan, tipping is not a custom, as such can be a source of offense.
In Japan, we are paid by the month.
In Japan, we drive on the left side of the road.
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
In Japan, we take off our shoes when entering a house.
In Japan, you are surrounded by beauty.
In Japan, you become an adult at age 20.
In Japan, you can drive as soon as you turn 18.
In Japan, you can see the orderly lines at stations.
In Japan, you need to separate your trash appropriately.
In Japan, you never have to go too far to find a convenience store.
In Japan, you take off your shoes when entering a house.
In Japanese cities, and even outside cities, Japanese signs with a Korean, or even Chinese, translation are becoming more common.
In Japanese folklore, bakeneko are cats with magical powers.
In Japanese, "ii-hito" isn't necessarily a compliment.
In Japanese, Hiragana and Katakana are sets of phonograms, specifically syllabograms. Kanji are logograms, specifically sinograms.
In Japanese, conjugation is fundamental to piecing words together with auxiliaries. For example, to express the polite past, we must first take the "ren'yōkei", or "continuative", conjugation of a given verb and attach it to the auxiliary ます (masu). When we do this with a verb such as のむ (nomu), it becomes のみます (nomimasu), at first. This is the polite form, as ます forms the polite. To properly express the polite past in full, we must add the auxiliary た. The stem of ます (masu) is a simple "mas-" sound. Since it ends with an S sound, a change occurs when we attempt to add た. The resulting "masta" is difficult to pronounce and not easy to write in Japanese, as it neglects the common consonant-vowel spelling rule. So, a compromise is made, also known as an 音便 (onbin), or, literally, a "sound convenience". The "masta" takes on an I sound between the stem's end and the auxiliary's beginning. Since there is no "si" in Japanese, "shi" is used instead. The resulting conjugation is のみました (nomimashita). When pronounced, it may be contracted and read as "nomimash'ta".
In Japanese, even if it's the same word, if the notation is different, slight differences in meaning and nuance can be expressed.
In Japanese, the ring finger can also be referred to as "the older-sister finger".
In Jerusalem, the Crusaders slaughtered all that stood in their way.
In Jessica's game, all the dolls were boys.
In Jijel, some beaches are only accessible by boat.
In Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels, humans are described as being "the most pernicious race of little odious vermin that nature ever suffered to crawl upon the surface of the earth."
In Judo, we have many world-class judokas.
In July 1940, the Luftwaffe in France had 656 Messerschmitt 109 fighters, 168 Me 100 twin-engined fighters, 769 Dornier, Heinkel and Junkers 88 bombers, and 316 Ju 87 Stuka dive-bombers. Against this, the RAF had only 504 Hurricanes and Spitfires for the defence of Britain.
In July 2004, Fadil was sentenced to 24 years in jail.
In July 2004, Sami was sentenced to 24 years in jail.
In July 2018, Beijing retaliated against U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods by raising their own tariffs on U.S. food and agricultural exports, which included live lobsters.
In July 2018, the African Union adopted a resolution reaffirming its support for a solution that respects the right to self-determination of the people of Western Sahara.
In July of 1969, Neil Armstrong was the commander of Apollo 11, America's first attempt to land a manned vehicle on the Moon.
In July of 1994, Jupiter was hit by pieces of the Shoemaker-Levy comet. Dark areas appeared in Jupiter's atmosphere after the large pieces hit the planet.
In July of 2015, the highest temperature in the capital city of Iraq, Baghdad, was 51.1 degrees Celsius.
In July we swim.
In July, new genetic research suggested indigenous South Americans voyaged to islands in the South Pacific 300 years before the arrival of European colonists.
In June 1948, Soviet troops closed all rail, road and river access to the city of Berlin in an effort to choke it off.
In June and July, Gurchuran Singh — a farmer in the northern Punjab state — despaired at the sight of sunny, cloudless skies. He used underground water to irrigate his parched fields, but feared that his rice crop may wilt without the benefit of monsoon rains.
In June of 1983, Sally Ride became the first American woman in space when she rode aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger.
In June of 2020, the Office for National Statistics released a report showing that Jews had a higher death rate from COVID in the United Kingdom than other ethnic groups.
In June we married.
In June, Aeroflot will reduce the number of flights to Turkey to two per week.
In June, it rains a lot in Sendai.
In June, it rains day after day without stopping.
In June, it rains day after day.
In June, the movie theater is going to be closed for a few days.
In June, when her employer asked her to come back to the office, she resigned.
In Kabuki not only talent but also heredity counts.
In Kabuki, not only talent, but also heredity counts.
In Kabyle, truth is a singular word. Truth is unique; it has no plural.
In Kabylia olive oil is used a lot.
In Kabylia the boar is hunted for its flesh.
In Kabylia they speak Kabyle.
In Kabylia they speak the Kabyle language.
In Kabylia, Kabyle is spoken.
In Kabylia, man and woman are equal.
In Kabylia, we speak the Kabyle language.
In Kabylie we eat couscous, the iconic dish of kabylie.
In Kabylie, Algeria, everyone speaks Berber.
In Kabylie, Algeria, girls collect spring water every afternoon.
In Kabylie, Algeria, life is traditionally Muslim.
In Kabylie, Algeria, the majestic forests of Yakourene are home to some of the last Barbary macaques in the world.
In Kabylie, Algeria, you can find so many types of figs.
In Kabylie, I have never had any problem.
In Kabylie, I stayed with friends.
In Kabylie, every single village has a mosque.
In Kabylie, everyone speaks Berber.
In Kabylie, everyone speaks Tamazight.
In Kabylie, more and more women wear the hijab.
In Kabylie, the Djurdjura mountain range is a land barrier between Tizi-Ouzou and Bejaia.
In Kabylie, virtually everyone speaks Berber.
In Kabylie, virtually everyone speaks Tamazight.
In Kabylie, we stayed at my mother's.
In Kabylie, which is a mountainous region in the northeast of Algeria, they speak Kabyle, which is a Berber dialect.
In Kabylie, you need Berber to survive.
In Kazakhstan, the "academic mobility" project is quite unique.
In Kenya, roasted termites are eaten with Ugali.
In Kenya, the Ministry of Public Health and Sanitation recommends general reduction of salt intake to levels below 5 grams as recommended by the World Health Organization.
In Kenya, the opuntia cactus, also known as the prickly pear, is spreading, destroying thousands of acres of grassland, and making animals that eat it sick.
In Kenya, there is a large population of giraffes.
In Korea now.
In Korea they use metal chopsticks.
In Korea, August 15 is a public holiday. It is celebrated as the "Day of the Restoration of the Light".
In Korea, Tigers were hunted into extinction largely by the Japanese when they occupied the country between 1910 and 1945.
In Korea, there's a popular theory that says that: "If you eat a quarter of an Iceberg lettuce, you will fall asleep". Thus, amongst truck drivers in Korea, lettuce is known as something that should not be eaten before work.
In Korea, there’s a popular theory that says that: "If you eat a quarter of an Iceberg lettuce, you will fall asleep". Thus, amongst truck drivers in Korea, lettuce is known as something that should not be eaten before work.
In Korean, adjectives often function as descriptive verbs, meaning they can be conjugated like verbs to express different tenses and moods.
In Kushiro, with its mists and marshes, cranes and quiet, maybe Greg imagines his own Tanabata wish taking root—amid the twilight cries of the tanchō, the red-crowned crane sacred to both Ainu and Japanese myth. Perhaps he's composting a past life, just as the old man beside the bamboo is, making room for something to grow.
In Kyoto there are many places worth seeing.
In Kyoto, there are lots of things to see.
In Kyoto, you can see both old and modern buildings.
In LASIK, a laser is used to adjust the surface of the cornea.
In Las Vegas, I enjoyed eating coconut gelato in the hotel Bellagio, at the back with the pools. The black pyramid hotel Luxor fascinated me because of the theme of Ancient Egypt.
In Latin America, Columbus is a negative figure.
In Latin there are five declensions.
In Latin, "gallus" means both "cock" and "Frenchman".
In Latin, personal pronouns are usually omitted.
In Latin, the five classes of words that can be inflected are nouns, adjectives, pronouns, verbs and their participles.
In Latin, the numbers "unus" and "duus" are inflected, but every other number word is invariable.
In Latin, the verb is usually at the end of the sentence.
In Latin, the verb usually comes at the end of the sentence.
In Latin, there are six cases: nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, ablative, and vocative.
In Latin, word order can vary, especially within the lines of a poem.
In Layla's mind, if she can't have Sami, nobody can.
In Leesburg, Virginia, near Washington DC, it's well above freezing but that has not stopped scores of artists and carvers who come each year during the winter to turn ice into magic.
In Lisbon there is a suspension bridge made of steel.
In Lojban, one can optionally write a topic-comment sentence, as in an Oriental language.
In Lojban, tense and aspect are optional and comprehensive.
In Lojban, the dot "." is a pause or glottal stop.
In Lojban, verbal tense and aspect are optional.
In London I preferred Indian food.
In London there are a lot of different events which one would like to join.
In London, Ziri can try new meals from all over the world at any time.
In London, columnist Clare Foges worries that “we are too selfish to stop coronavirus spreading.” She wrote her biggest concern is not about the resilience of the country’s health service or the time it might take for researchers to develop a vaccine, but about the public’s willingness to respond to the challenge.
In London, my hotel was near the Barbican Centre. A memorable event was eating delicious fish and chips wrapped in newspaper, which back home, North Americans could not replicate. My favourite Brits are Olaf Stapledon and J.R.R. Tolkien, respectively a sci-fi writer and a fantasy writer. I have surveyed the British Isles via satellite imagery, and a really interesting area is southwestern England, where there are quaint towns and hamlets.
In London, quite a few musicals and plays are presented at the theaters every night.
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.
In London, we were received festively.
In London, we were welcomed with a party.
In Los Angeles, a city infamous for its congested roads, traffic is now light.
In Los Angeles, a group of pensioners is preparing for the festive season in a very unique way. They are knitting warm scarves and hats for kids with disabilities in the city hospitals just in time for Christmas and New Year's.
In Los Angeles, non-native animals, often endangered in their homelands, are finding a new home. It’s an urban ecosystem that is largely artificial but in which they are learning to thrive.
In Los Angeles, there are celebrities walking down every street.
In Los Angeles, vegan fashion is a thing now, and retailers are doing their best to meet growing demand for cruelty-free clothing and footwear.
In Lugansk and Donetsk, Ukraine, there are now quite a few Russian mercenaries who are actually insolvent debtors. Moscow repays the debts of these "volunteers" at the rate of a hundred dollars a day.
In Madrid, new year celebrants brought 12 grapes to eat — one for each chime of the clock to ensure good luck in the coming year.
In Malagasy language "ora" means hour.
In Malawi, a survey by the Ministry of Health to help ascertain the efficacy of the vaccine has shown its effectiveness in fighting the coronavirus.
In Malaysia, I often watch Indonesian soap operas with Malay subtitles.
In Malta they speak Maltese.
In Maori, "Aotearoa" means New Zealand.
In March 1999, Marcy and Butler announced the detection of the first true other "solar system" in which they found evidence of 3 planets orbiting a single star. The star is called Upsilon Andromedae.
In March 2014, the Administration launched the Climate Data Initiative, bringing together extensive open government data and innovation competitions to develop data-driven resilience tools for communities.
In March 2014, the Administration released a Strategy to Reduce Methane Emissions from landfills, coal mining, agriculture, and oil and gas systems through voluntary actions and common-sense standards.
In March next year, I will fly to the US.
In March next year, I will take a plane to the USA.
In March of 1965, Alexei Leonov of the Soviet Union left his spacecraft, Voskhod 2, to become the first person to walk in space.
In March of last year, the company raised $25,000 through the online crowdfunding website Kickstarter.
In March, Busan launched a mobility service called Dagachi Naranhi, or Side By Side, that uses GPS technology to provide localized directional information inside one of its metro stations via a smartphone app.
In March, many flowers come out.
In March, the ground is still too cold to plant anything in the garden.
In March, we'll have been living here for a year.
In Maribor one can find a rather old vineyard.
In Mark's academic papers, a simple sentence may contain forty words. No wonder his colleagues say that his papers are simply terrible.
In Martin Luther King's "I have a dream" and the folk song, "Last night I had the strangest dream," the word "dream" refers to a future different and better than today.
In Mary's butcher shop, you can also find an offal shop.
In Mary's case, a hysterical neurosis was considered.
In Mary's garden is a charming wood cabin.
In Mary's opinion, lectures just get in the way of her studies.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife’s grandmother.
In May 1945, the French settlers shot Algerians indiscriminately.
In May 1980, the then president of Bangladesh, Ziaur Rahman, proposed the formation of a regional organization to the governments and heads of state of 7 countries in South Asia.
In May 2019, Green parties enjoyed a surge of support in continentwide elections for the European Parliament, especially among young urban voters.
In May of 1865, Brazil, Uruguay, and Argentina signed the Triple Alliance Treaty that set the objectives of the war and conditions for surrender that they would impose upon Paraguay.
In May the trees have fresh leaves.
In May, a report from the Institute of International Education (IIE) showed that 88% of nearly 600 respondent institutions anticipate international student enrollment decreasing in the 2020–2021 academic year because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In May, all birds lay an egg.
In May, they set on him in the street, attacking him with fists, kicks and a knife.
In Medieval Europe, the possession of a dovecote was a symbol of status and power.
In Medieval European literature, the Seven Seas referred to the North Sea, Baltic, Atlantic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Arabian seas.
In Medieval Hebrew the Christian world was referred to as Edom.
In Metro Manila, as a child, I visited the school, Ateneo, of my cousin. My aunt bought rabbits just for my cousin's participation in the school's pet contest. There was a nice big rock garden there.
In Mexico there are many poor neighbourhoods.
In Mexico, I feel like I'm in a completely different reality.
In Mexico, it is believed that during the days 1 and 2 of November the soul of the deceased returns to live with their loved ones.
In Mexico, it is believed that on the Day of the Dead, if you put your ancestor's picture on an altar with offerings for them, or "ofrenda", their soul will cross from the land of the dead to visit the land of the living.
In Mexico, journalists will be confronted with the task of covering an event attended by thousands of people, with masses of information disseminated.
In Mexico, most small towns have a patron saint whose feast day is celebrated with great fanfare.
In Mexico, republican austerity is more or less the practice of lowering government officials' salaries, which is then redistributed to the people through social programs, benefits, infrastructure and general well being which affect all three branches of government.
In Milan over the weekend, many residents raided supermarkets, leaving empty shelves, fearing they would not be able to go to the shops.
In Milan, city officials served a hotel lunch to 200 homeless people to mark the day.
In Moabite, the masculine plural ending was -in instead of -im.
In Moby Dick, the social conferencing of two whale ships on the open seas is called a "gam".
In Montpellier, the tram clattering along used to wake me up every day.
In Morocco, Vladimir has very minimal Internet connection.
In Morocco, everything has got worse.
In Morocco, hyperinflation is looming.
In Morocco, inflation is still elevated.
In Morocco, insulting the monarchy can land you in prison.
In Morocco, the first day of the year is called "Tamghart" ("the old woman").
In Morocco, the level of instability may grow.
In Morocco, the political opposition is persecuted.
In Morocco, the situation is dire and the clock is ticking.
In Moscow, precipitation equivalent to a quarter of the monthly norm fell over the course of a day.
In Mr. Kato's class there are forty boys and girls.
In Muslim countries, girls are less likely than boys to get higher education.
In My Life is my mum's favourite Beatles song.
In Nagasaki Sunday, Pope Francis called on political leaders to renounce nuclear weapons and abandon the arms race.
In Nagoya summers a fan is essential to help stay cool.
In Namibia, giraffes live in one of the harshest deserts in the world.
In Naples, one out of three children does not go to school.
In Nara there are lots of deer!
In Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island, winter flounder no longer reproduce at the rate they used to.
In Netherlands you can see windmills wherever you go.
In New England, the word "wicked" functions as an intensifier.
In New Jersey are many unobtrusive buildings.
In New York I lost my way.
In New York State, falsification of business records itself, the second degree, is a misdemeanor. However, if it was used with the intention or really to commit another crime, it would be a first-degree falsification of business records, which would be classified as a felony.
In New York State, yellow sac spiders are the only commonly-found spiders that are dangerous to humans.
In New York there are a lot of Japanese restaurants.
In New York, the dollar was worth eight shillings.
In New Zealand, people speak English.
In Normandy such wreaths are a protection against thunder and thieves; and stalks of mugwort hinder witches from laying their spells on the butter.
In North Africa, Islam began to spread from the east.
In North Africa, Yennayer is a centuries old tradition.
In North Africa, lies a country called Algeria.
In North Africa, lies a huge country called Algeria.
In North Africa, there are not jaguars.
In North America it is against the law to fail to fasten your seatbelt.
In North America when a person shrugs his shoulders it means "I don't know".
In North America when a person shrugs his shoulders it means "I don’t know".
In North America, Muslims are doctors, inventors, and teachers. They're also athletes.
In North America, business operates on "the customer is always right" principle.
In North America, participant teams nominally represent individual cities, but team owners sometimes sell a player’s contract to a team from another city, hoping to improve their teams’ overall performance.
In North America, the word "sherbet" refers to a sorbet with milk.
In North America, there is much nature, if you like it.
In North Korea, death sentences are handed down like parking tickets.
In North Korea, the religious policy is atheism. In South Korea, about a third of the population is Christian, which is Protestant, Roman Catholic, or Orthodox. Some Protestants are known to be antagonistic to Buddhists, but Roman Catholics have been more cooperative.
In Northern Europe, they have a very cold climate.
In Northern India lives another gibbon, the hoolock.
In Northern Ireland one must play the Lambeg drum and the bodhran, or neither.
In Norwegian, 'd' and 't' at the end of a word are generally silent.
In Nova Scotia, a gunman disguised as a police officer went on a 12-hour rampage shooting people in their homes, setting fires and killing at least 18 people, including a 23-year-veteran policewoman.
In November 1997, in the US state of Iowa, the first living septuplets were born.
In November 2006, Mehriban Aliyeva was named an ISESCO Goodwill Ambassador for her outstanding contributions to the humanitarian field, including the development of dialogue among civilizations and cultures, promotion of Islamic cultural legacy and for her tremendous role in addressing problems of children with special needs.
In November 2013, the U.S., Norway, and the U.K. launched a public-private partnership to support forests in developing countries, with the goal of reducing emissions from deforestation and promoting sustainable agriculture.
In November 2022, Mehriban Aliyeva formally requested the termination of her duties as a Goodwill Ambassador by addressing a letter to the UNESCO Director-General.
In November of 1963, Valentina Tereshkova married Andriyan Nikolayev. He was also a cosmonaut. Their daughter, Elena, was born in 1964.
In November of 1996, Mars Global Surveyor began a 10 month mission to the Red Planet.
In November, he opened his bakery and called it Seylou, which means eagle in the Mandinka language of West Africa.
In November, olives are harvested from the trees to make oil.
In October 1947, water abruptly drained from underneath the glacier, ripping away a section of glacier over 1 mile (1.2 km) in length and gouging a 320 feet (100 m) deep canyon into the valley once occupied by the ice.
In October 1957, the Soviet Union placed the first man-built satellite (Sputnik in Russian) into orbit.
In October 2002, Mehriban Aliyeva was elected President of the Azerbaijan Gymnastics Federation.
In October 2013, Tom returned to Boston.
In October of 2013, Tom retired from coaching.
In October, I was in Boston.
In October, I'm going to visit my sister in Australia.
In October, Selina Brinkmann will start four years of study, all expenses paid, courtesy of the Rhodes program that awards a mere 102 scholarships each year to academically outstanding applicants around the world.
In October, the leaves begin to fall.
In Olaf Stapledon's book Star Maker, the Earthling protagonist befriends the creature Bvalltu from another world. They and others travel through the stars astrally, as they discover different beings.
In Olympic competitions, a gold medal is for first place, a silver medal for second, and a bronze medal is for third place.
In Opera, everything is displayed correctly.
In Paint lake during the mayfly season (July up there) their dorsal fins could be seen cutting the water everywhere.
In Pakistan, many Afghan refugees are facing difficulties because of lack of documentation.
In Pakistan, you can accuse someone of blasphemy without even needing to give details, so that you don't commit blasphemy too.
In Palestine, Palestinians should be free!
In Palestine, Palestinians should have all rights!
In Palestine, the one-state solution is the only just and viable solution.
In Palestine, water sources are drying up.
In Palestine, we should talk about decolonization and not peace.
In Papua New Guinea, there are 850 different languages spoken by Papuans.
In Paris and elsewhere, in the summer, husbands send their wives and children somewhere to escape the heat and they customarily leave to visit them on Saturday evening until Sunday.
In Paris his rich host Javal, a famous oculist, offered him a professorship and a salary to direct the movement, He declined. Modest and free: such were his tastes.
In Paris they simply stared when I spoke to them in French; I never did succeed in making those idiots understand their own language.
In Paris, Benjamin Franklin was considered a backwoods Voltaire.
In Paris, I stayed at an inexpensive hotel.
In Paris, fireworks lit up the Champs-Elysees area as France took its turn welcoming the new year.
In Paris, there are several gluten free bakeries.
In Paris, there is an experiment under way to find an environmental solution to the unsightly urban problem of men urinating in the street. However, the project has prompted strong reactions from some residents and visitors.
In Paris, we walked many miles each day.
In Poland, a "6" is the best possible mark you can get in school.
In Pompeii, you can see many Roman houses.
In Pompeii, you'll be able to see many Roman houses.
In Portugal we say it like so.
In Portuguese, "lalau" is synonymous with thief.
In Portuguese, every word stressed on the antepenultimate syllable has a diacritical mark.
In Portuguese, officially there are three conjugations, but in practice there are four.
In Portuguese, simply change "você" for "o senhor" or "a senhora" to turn a phrase formal.
In Portuguese, the article is used in some cases and omitted in others.
In Portuguese, this expression should be avoided, as it may suggest something offensive.
In Portuguese, we just swap out "you" with "the gentleman" or "the lady" to make a formal sentence.
In Portuguese, we usually say "alô", when we pick up the phone.
In Premium Rush, a routine delivery for a New York bicycle courier turns into a race against the clock when a mysterious stranger tries to hijack the package.
In Prey Lang, for example, deforestation means indigenous collectors can no longer tap chboh trees for resin, an essential ingredient in varnish, sealing wax for waterproofing boats, waterproofing products, and torches for lighting houses in the village.
In Progress.
In Quebec, French is spoken by over a million people.
In Quebec, autumn is the time to put snow tires onto the car.
In Quebec, people tend to avoid the use of English, preferring the use of French.
In Quezon City when I was a child, my family visited a treehouse resort. There were various treehouses for rent.
In Quezon City when I was child, my family visited a mushroom farm. The mushrooms grew on rectangular hay bales.
In Quezon City, at the end of a road lined with coconut trees was Merced Bakehouse that was full of Filipino baked goodies.
In Quezon City, my family enjoyed a favourite place where there were two restaurants, Italian Village and Monk's Inn, both medievally decorated. In the latter, I had my first taste of French onion soup and bouillabaisse. In the former, I enjoyed lasagna.
In Ramadan, Muslims are required to fast during daylight hours.
In Ramadan, Muslims are required to fast from dawnbreak to sunset.
In Ramadan, Muslims are required to fast from the break of dawn to sunset.
In Ramadan, Muslims around the world fast from dawn to dusk.
In Ramadan, Muslims need to abstain from eating, drinking, and having sex during the day.
In Raqqa, they found tons of documents belonging to Daesh.
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in favelas.
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in slums.
In Romanian, "gol" means "empty".
In Rome, Paris and Venice, nobody wonders at anything.
In Rotterdam another crew took over the ship.
In Russia I was German, and in Germany, I'm Russian.
In Russia and Germany, people work eight hours a day.
In Russia there are many important and famous chess players.
In Russia there is a category of people who believe that the world is ruled by reptilians.
In Russia they write "Tallin", and in Estonia they write "Tallinn" in Russian.
In Russia women hit you, and not vice versa.
In Russia, Christmas is on the seventh of January.
In Russia, almost nothing happens without a stamp.
In Russia, as elsewhere in the world, folklore is rapidly scattering before the practical spirit of modern progress. The traveling peasant bard or story teller, and the devoted "nyanya", the beloved nurse of many a generation, are rapidly dying out, and with them the tales and legends, the last echoes of the nation's early joys and sufferings, hopes and fears, are passing away.
In Russia, canned salmon is readily available in stores.
In Russia, eggs are sold in tens.
In Russia, it is customary to remove your shoes when entering a home. Guests will be typically offered slippers.
In Russia, the people are dumbed down by the Party; in the United States, by the TV.
In Russia, you wouldn't get away with that.
In Russian, "love" and "blood", "night" and "help", "roses" and "frost", and so on are all good examples of hackneyed rhymes.
In Russian, Rita is the short form of the name Margarita.
In Russian, attributive adjectives agree with nouns and pronouns in gender, number and case.
In Russian, nouns of foreign origin generally don't succumb to integration.
In Russian, the words for "caress, endearment" and "least weasel" are homonymous and possibly related etymologically.
In Russia’s far north, the city of Vorkuta is slowly being reclaimed by the Arctic tundra.
In Rwanda, Myanmar, and other places, hate speech literally led to genocide.
In Saint-Louis, Senegal, aid workers are using another indigenous species, the prawn, to keep parasite levels in check in local rivers.
In Sandton Square, a shopping space dominated by a huge statue of Nelson Mandela, an oinking, tail-wagging pig and a wide-eyed plastic soldier beating a drum compete for children’s attention as they race into a toy store in Johannesburg.
In Sardinia, 20,000 hectares of forests were destroyed, forcing hundreds of people to evacuate.
In Saudi Arabia, women do not drive cars.
In Scientism, the paradigm is that Science can shape our environment and bodies to what we want. If we have the ability of transportation, we can move to a different land, or radically even, to a different planet, altogether.
In Scotland we have wonderful hillwalking.
In Scotland we have wonderful winter mountaineering.
In Scotland you can get a deep-fried Mars bar in a chippy.
In Scotland, the word for scar is sometimes spelt scaur.
In Seattle, I drove around to see the university, the grand residences in posh neighbourhoods, the old cars driven by minorities in more rundown neighbourhoods, the busy public markets, the Space Needle, and some museums.
In Sendai we have much rain in July.
In Sendai, we have a lot of rain in July.
In Sendai, we have lots of rain in July.
In Senegal it's very important to greet people, even if you don't know the person, and you absolutely must ask about the health of their family, even if you don't know their family.
In Seoul, for example, a major elevated thoroughfare through the center of the city has been removed, opening up access to the river and lowering urban heat in the area by at least half a degree Celsius.
In Sephardi Hebrew, long vowels merged with their short equivalents.
In September 1789, members of America’s first Congress approached the nation’s first president, George Washington, and asked him to call for a national Thanksgiving.
In September 1972, a general statement between Japan and China was signed, and diplomatic relations were normalized.
In September 2000, Roger Hanin was awarded a place on the honourable list of the National Order of Merit of Algeria.
In September 2013, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced proposed carbon pollution standards for new power plants.
In September 2017, Hurricane Irma destroyed 95% of the French side of Saint Martin.
In September the grapes are ripe.
In September, 1929, stock prices stopped rising.
In September, 8 percent of the labor force was unemployed.
In September, I'll be a student.
In September, Mennad enrolled in college.
In September, Poland’s annual inflation rate rose to 5.8%, the highest in two decades.
In September, bison conservationists met at the American Bison Society conference in Banff, Alberta to discuss the social and human dimensions of bison conservation, in addition to other topics including population viability and conservation of federal and tribal herds; concurrently, 15 Native American tribes and First Nations people convened to renew or become new signatories in support of the second anniversary of the Buffalo Treaty.
In September, just two weeks into her fourth outing, Agnes died of appendicitis.
In September, there are just a few people here and there on the beach.
In Serbia, the trains are very slow.
In Shakespeare's time, in the sixteenth century, tennis was very popular at the English court.
In Shakespeare’s time, in the sixteenth century, tennis was very popular at the English court.
In Shogi, silver generals, lances, knights, and pawns all promote to gold generals.
In Sicily, fires are still raging in different areas.
In Siena neighbors started singing a traditional Tuscan folk song, Il Canto della Verbena, one of the town's most cherished melodies and sung since the Middle Ages.
In Siena they started singing a traditional Tuscan folk song, The Song of the Verbena (And While Siena Sleeps), one of the town’s most cherished melodies and sung since the Middle Ages.
In Sin City, everything is a gamble.
In Singapore, interestingly, I saw Tamils eating with their hands on a big banana leaf.
In Singapore, it is a crime to spit on the ground.
In Singapore, one method of punishing criminals is to whip them, or hit them several times on the back with a cane.
In Singapore, one method used to punish criminals is to whip or beat them multiple times on their back with a cane.
In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
In Singapore, one way to punish criminals is to whip them.
In Singapore, practically right on the equator, the rainy and dry seasons aren't very clear cut.
In Singapore, practically right on the equator, the rainy and dry seasons aren’t very clear cut.
In Skura's perspective, Yanni was the total package.
In Skåne, Sweden the trains will be out of service from Thursday noon.
In Skåne, Sweden, the trains will stop running at Thursday noon.
In South Africa, witches can fly on broomsticks, but they cannot fly above the 150 metres limit.
In South America, there are many traces of Indian culture.
In South Bohemia, there is a calm and sunny landscape with plenty of lakes used for freshwater fish farming.
In South Korea, compulsory military service lasts between 21 and 24 months.
In South Korea, the most powerful member of a family, usually the oldest living male, has the power to send members of his family to a psychiatric hospital as he sees fit.
In Southern China, the qipao is also known as "changshan".
In Soviet Russia, Russian learns you!
In Soviet Russia, beard shaves you.
In Soviet Russia, food eats troll!
In Soviet Russia, lesson teaches teacher!
In Soviet Russia, radio listens to the listener!
In Soviet Russia, river swims you!
In Soviet Russia, sentence writes you!
In Soviet Russia, television watches the audience!
In Soviet Russia, the computer uses the user!
In Soviet times, each government made propaganda.
In Spain and France, we buy fresh bread every day.
In Spain asbestos is a huge problem that is kept secret.
In Spain both toplessness and nudism are legal.
In Spain they serve lunch at about two o'clock.
In Spain they serve lunch at about two o’clock.
In Spain they speak Spanish.
In Spain we have a democracy.
In Spain you speak Spanish.
In Spain, 27 of the country's 50 provinces are at “extreme risk” from heat beginning Thursday, the national weather agency said.
In Spain, Monday is the first day of the week.
In Spain, Portugal, Sicily, and Malta, Muslims and Jews were forcefully converted to Christianity.
In Spain, it's the Three Kings that bring the children their presents.
In Spain, lunch is served around 2 p.m.
In Spain, people eat very late.
In Spain, the siesta is holy.
In Spain, there is an abundance of idiots, cowards, and corrupt people.
In Spain, there's a popular belief that when you sneeze, you have to say "Jesus" for the soul to return to the body.
In Spain, they have lunch at 2 in the afternoon.
In Spain, they wear red boxers or knickers on Christmas.
In Spain, vultures are more protected than people.
In Spain, you use "vosotros," and for everywhere else, you use "ustedes." I hope that helps.
In Spanish "del" is a contraction that comes from the fusion of the words "de" and "el".
In Spanish six has no accent, but sixteen has one.
In Spanish they use upside down question marks.
In Spanish, I prefer to drop the pronoun.
In Spanish, irregular conjugations don't always have a completely consistent strategy to finding them, but spelling changes that don't affect the sound of the word always have a reason behind them.
In Spanish, the word for "six" is written without an accent, but the word for "sixteen" is written with one.
In Spanish, there are many different expressions to indicate changes and transformations.
In Spanish, water is a feminine noun, but most nouns for bodies of water, like "ocean" or "lake," are masculine.
In Spanish, we use articles more than in other languages.
In Spanish, you use "tú" when talking to God.
In Sri Lanka, the crisis is getting worse by the day.
In Sub-Saharan Africa, only about 25% of the population uses the internet, according to 2017 World Bank estimate.
In Sugarcandy Mountain it was Sunday seven days a week, clover was in season all the year round, and lump sugar and linseed cake grew on the hedges.
In Sumerian "LÃš.GAL" means the ruler or king.
In Sumerian "LÚ.GAL" means the ruler or king.
In Sweden a gender-neutral pronoun was introduced to make the distinction between male and female grammatically unnecessary.
In Sweden it is more common for a child to have three first names than one, but here, at home, this is a more unusual phenomenon.
In Sweden, Switzerland and Belgium, students are skipping school, demanding more action against what many Europeans consider one of the biggest threats to their future: climate change.
In Sweden, a country known for its commitment to human rights and religious tolerance, the abhorrent act of burning copies of the Quran committed by a few far-right extremists is widely condemned and disassociated from the values held by the majority.
In Sweden, a far right politician burnt a copy of the Quran in front of the Turkish embassy.
In Sweden, a nation that champions freedom of religion and expression, the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran carried out by far-right extremists is viewed with abhorrence and completely disavowed.
In Sweden, a nation that prides itself on fostering a culture of acceptance and mutual respect, the disgraceful act of burning copies of the Quran carried out by a few far-right individuals is universally rejected and disapproved of.
In Sweden, cars turn on their lights when they turn on the engine.
In Sweden, it is forbidden by law to be a criminal.
In Sweden, it's OK to burn copies of the Quran and insult Islam.
In Sweden, where diversity is celebrated, the reprehensible act of burning copies of the Quran orchestrated by a few far-right individuals is widely condemned and rejected by the majority.
In Switzerland, bicycles are called "Velos".
In Switzerland, euthanasia is viewed as a way of putting an end to another's suffering.
In Switzerland, it's illegal to own just one guinea pig.
In Switzerland, spring begins in May.
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
In Switzerland, you can buy rubbers from a vending machine.
In Sydney recently, about 50 cars parked in a parking lot were destroyed as a result of a grass fire caused by someone throwing a cigarette butt out of a car window.
In São Paulo in '58, the candidate with the most votes was a rhinoceros named Cacareco.
In Taiwan, citizens say masks keep their faces warm in the winter and offer a sense of protection from air pollution, including any airborne germs.
In Taiwan, the differences between the four seasons have become less and less obvious. A short spring and autumn have gradually become part of the features of the four seasons.
In Tammy's mind, every party was a den of iniquity.
In Tasmania, memories of the thylacine haven't faded.
In Tasmania, thylacines were the only marsupial apex predators.
In Tatoeba there are many useful and beautiful sentences that should be adopted.
In Tatoeba you learn in the most effective way possible — by example.
In Tatoeba, you can make your dream come true by having your sentences translated into several other languages.
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They’ll tell you what can’t be done and why. Then do it.
In Tbilisi, you can find the only mosque in the world where shia and sunni Muslims pray together.
In Tel Aviv, a pack of jackals has taken over a deserted park.
In Texas, murder is a crime punishable by death.
In Thailand it has already become too dry to grow rice in some parts of the country.
In Thailand it is a criminal offence to defame or insult the king, princes or previous kings. Accusations of lèse-majesté are sometimes supported by the flimsiest or even nonexistent evidence, and those convicted have been sentenced to as much as sixty years in prison.
In Thailand, bringing up the children isn't the father's responsibility; it's entirely up to the mother.
In Thailand, bringing up the children isn’t the father’s responsibility; it’s entirely up to the mother.
In Thailand, coconuts are used in the kitchen, as drinks or as toys.
In Thailand, people use coconuts for food, drink and toys.
In Thailand, people use coconuts for food, drinks and toys.
In Thailand, tension is high ahead of tomorrow's general election.
In Thailand, the Giant African Snail, once condemned as a slimy pest that ruins crops, is now being bred for the same reason some people found them so unappealing in the first place — their slime.
In The Mystic Archives of Dantalian, a Japanese Steampunk anime, there is use of a Pseudo-Latin language, which reminds me of Interlingua.
In The Three Musketeers and Twenty Years After, we find our four heroes battling against evil forces with a combination of stunning swordplay, unmatched bravado, unbelievable ingenuity, and several strokes of great fortune.
In Tiberian, Yemenite, and Ashkenazi Hebrew, long a merged with short o.
In Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria, entire families were resettled to make way to the Taksebt Dam.
In Togo, forty-two different languages are spoken.
In Toki Pona, "telo" means "water". In Russian, "тело" means "body". And water is the main constituent of the (human) body.
In Toki Pona, all words are invariable.
In Toki Pona, few sentences I managed to write without errors. To this day my teacher corrects my mistakes.
In Toki Pona, little is better than a lot.
In Toki Pona, proper names are adjectives, not nouns. They are capitalized.
In Toki Pona, the grammatical particle "li" indicates that whatever word comes after it is being used as a verb.
In Toki Pona, the order of factors changes the product.
In Toki Pona, the particle "o" indicates that a verb is being used as a command.
In Toki Pona, you don't name a thing; you say what it means.
In Tokyo, a bar called 0% Non-Alcohol Experience serves an appealing drink made with wine and fruit, but no alcohol.
In Tokyo, the cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
In Tokyo, the cold season starts in the middle of November.
In Tokyo, traffic is frustrating.
In Tokyo, wild birds are decreasing in number year by year.
In Tom Jackson's second novel, Mary's best friend is the one who narrates the story.
In Tom we trust.
In Tom's autobiography, he grapples with his past.
In Tom's briefcase I've found a memorandum of a conversation.
In Tom's car, there is room for five adults.
In Tom's car, there's room for five people.
In Tom's heart of hearts, he doesn't believe it.
In Tom's new novel, extraterrestrials pursue the ambitious goal of presenting all the life forms in the galaxy in a single vast menagerie. Individual humans are also carried off for this purpose and -- due to the enormous diversity of species -- thrown together with the apes of the planet Earth, without distinction. John found that highly offensive.
In Torrecilla de la Abadesa, it was a poignant day when Ángela López left the village school and its doors were locked for the last time.
In Tuareg society, owning a thousand camels commands respect and prestige.
In Turkey, every school has to have an Atatürk effigy.
In Turkey, there are many mosques.
In Turkish, direct translation from Turkish into English is sometimes humorously called "chicken translate".
In Tuvalu, water is already eating away on the land.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker's dozen" is 13, not 12.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker’s dozen" is 13, not 12.
In US media and political discussion, the term "liberal" is purposefully misused or incorrectly said to mean "left-leaning", when "liberalism" is actually defined as a "right-leaning" economic theory.
In Ukraine I always speak Ukrainian.
In Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
In Ukraine, casualties are mounting on both sides.
In Ukraine, the threat of a global nuclear disaster looms.
In Ukrainian history, the city of Zaporizhzhia has served for centuries as a fortress during foreign invasions.
In Valencia they speak Valencian and Spanish.
In Vancouver, BC, I found and bought a black soapstone Inuit carving of an Inuit man, fat and reminiscent of Buddha. I gave it to my Japanese friend Noriko, who was sojourning on Lulu Island, BC. Ever since then, I could never find a similar sculpture in the art stores.
In Venice, normally packed with visitors year-round, the famous canals are all but empty.
In Venice, there are always lots of tourists.
In Victorian age, women were considered "Angels of the hearth".
In Vietnam, forecasters say 1 million people will have to leave the Mekong River Delta, the country's rice bowl, by 2050.
In Vietnam, we like to eat with chopsticks.
In Viking times Greenland was greener than today.
In Viking times, Greenland was greener than today.
In Vorpommern and Rügen, and thus in the towns of Greifswald, Stralsund and Bergen, among others, the old civic constitutions remain unchanged.
In Vumerdas, Amar Saidani, a young Kabyle from Iwaquren, was brought before the judge with an empty file, to whom one want to make bogus accusations, with recruited witnesses.
In WHAT THE CAR?, you can climb buildings and deliver packages—definitely not your typical racing game.
In WHAT THE CAR?, you play as a car with legs, racing through absurdly creative levels.
In Wales we have a proverb.
In Wales, it is compulsory for students to study chemistry at GCSE level (16 years old).
In Wales, we have a saying.
In Washington, Attorney General Ashcroft said the government is determined to prosecute and imprison those who would dupe charitable donors to finance violence overseas.
In Washington, D.C., one organization is hoping the ancient practice of “gleaning” can help build a much-needed oasis for people living in those deserts.
In Washington, no one knew what to expect.
In West Darfur, she said Masalit communities have been targeted, with many people killed as they fled to Chad or during the conflict.
In West Virginia, over 90% of the electricity is generated from coal. But in California, only 1% of electricity is generated from this fossil fuel.
In Western Sahara, Morocco wants to control one of the largest phosphate mines in the world.
In Western Sahara, the spirit of resistance didn't die.
In Western Sahara, there are geopolitical factors at play.
In Western cultures we associate life after death with the heavens, while Polynesians believe that our life continues in the depths of the ocean.
In William's head, a revenge plan started to form.
In Yanni's life, violence is king.
In Yennayer, Berbers welcome the new year.
In Yiddish "khoshev," from Hebrew, is used for "an important person," while "vikhtik" is used for "an important thing."
In Yiddish the Holocaust isn't called the "Shoah," but rather a different Hebrew term, "Khurbn," meaning "destruction."
In Yiddish, a ladybug is called a "moyshe-rabeynes kiele," meaning "Moses's little cow."
In Yiddish, a pretzel is called a "beygele."
In Yiddish, international football is called "fusbol" while American football is called "futbol."
In Yiddish, soccer is called "fusbol" while gridiron football is called "futbol."
In Yiddish, there aren't Jews who are Poles; there are Jews from Poland. A Pole is a Polyak, while a Polish Jew is a Poylisher Yid, or Poylisher for short.
In Yiddish, unlike German, subordinate clauses retain the verb-second word order.
In Yoshkar-Ola there are five theaters.
In Zen, adherents have to be mindful in living in the "now."
In Ziri's culture, raven are considered demonic.
In Ziri's room, Rima came across several newspaper clippings about the train crash.
In Ziri's village, that's considered really bad luck.
In a 1774 letter to his wife, Founding Father John Adams wrote, “I have drank Coffee every Afternoon since, and have borne it very well. Tea must be universally renounced.”
In a 1983 survey, 40% of police officers admitted to abusing their spouses.
In a 2016 interview from the Everest basecamp, Dr. Nima Namgyal Sherpa told VOA that in the past, the glacial streams in the mid-Everest region started flowing in May, but the Sherpas now see the flow beginning in April.
In a CNN interview this month, Biden claimed the polls were wrong and that Americans struggling with inflation had more cash in their pocket.
In a Club, though there mayn’t be a soul of your acquaintance in the room, you have always the chance of watching strangers, and speculating on what is going on within those tents and curtains of their souls, their coats and waistcoats. This is a never-failing sport. Indeed I am told there are some Clubs in the town where nobody ever speaks to anybody. They sit in the coffee-room, quite silent, and watching each other.
In a Fréchet space, the countable intersection of open dense sets is itself dense.
In a Halloween horror story, a severely injured boy received sweets instead of help everywhere he went.
In a Japanese-style hotel, there is no porter to bring your luggage to your hotel room. You must carry your luggage by yourself.
In a Phase 1 clinical trial testing the vaccine's safety, the neutralized parasite was injected into 10 healthy human volunteers, where it stimulated a strong immune response without causing malaria.
In a Purdue University lab, team members designed a hair straightener tool — a flat iron with ceramic plates and temperature control.
In a San Francisco kitchen, chefs are re-creating everyday foods, such as eggs, mayonnaise, salad dressings and cookies from unconventional sources.
In a Yiddish story, a marriage broker attempts to arrange for a poor couple’s daughter to marry an old butcher, although she really loves a young tailor.
In a battle of Ko, there are several moves of a strategic nature on practically the entire board.
In a break with centuries of tradition, Pope Francis did not deliver the annual Angelus prayer live Sunday in Saint Peter's Square.
In a brief moment of genius, I discovered the cure to aging!
In a calm sea, every man is a pilot.
In a calmer mood she could have carried off the situation with a laugh but now that was impossible; so she ignored it in icy disdain.
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.
In a career just barely a decade old, he has been seen and heard on illustrious stages in Vienna, London, Milan, Zurich, New York and Los Angeles — in an array of lyric tenor roles.
In a certain Tsardom, across three times nine kingdoms, beyond high mountain chains, there once lived a merchant. He had been married for twelve years, but in that time there had been born to him only one child, a daughter, who from her cradle was called Vasilissa the Beautiful.
In a certain sense, I agree.
In a characteristically awkward move, Regis patted his guest on the arm.
In a chess game, both players take turns making a move.
In a choice betwixt doing crossword puzzles and learning Lojban, I would certainly opt for the latter. If you learn Lojban, maybe you eventually can write prose or poetry therein.
In a city, the economic activity dominates commerce, craft, industry, traffic and administration.
In a civil contract, an acquittal means that one party has released the other from an agreed obligation, usually because a debt has been paid in full.
In a clearing, Tom and Mary set up camp for the night.
In a closed system the sum of the contained energies remains constant.
In a collectivist society, the desires of a group are emphasized more than the desires of an individual.
In a comment that has now been deleted, Tom said that my interpretation was right.
In a company, you have to climb the ladder to be promoted.
In a composition called "Adriatica," the sounds of an old diatonic accordion, called an organetto in Italy, are combined with those of the clarinet, the tambourine and the darbuka — the universal drum of the Arab world, found from Morocco to Pakistan.
In a compromise between management and unions, a four percent pay rise was agreed in return for an increase in productivity.
In a conversation with my professor, it became clear to me that the legacy of this poet deserves greater regard.
In a country that holds some 10 million marriages a year, India’s booming wedding industry is estimated to be worth about $35 billion and racing ahead at 30 percent a year. It is often described as a recession-proof industry, untouched by financial downturns or economic slowdowns.
In a country where individualism is more common, personal objections to smoking in public are usually respected.
In a country with as much water as the Netherlands, one should know how to swim well.
In a country without freedom, there can't be justice.
In a couple of days, it'll all be over.
In a couple of days, it'll be all over.
In a couple of days, this will all be over.
In a court of fowls, the cockroach never wins his case.
In a court of justice misogynists are more often found guilty of perjury than others.
In a court of justice women are more often found guilty of perjury than men.
In a crisis you must keep your head.
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.
In a crowd of a thousand people, one will be intersex. If you live in a city, you pass by intersex people regularly.
In a crowded bus the young should offer their seats to the old.
In a crowded inn each guest may occupy the dimensions of one mat; and the entire floor is occupied in this way. In winter a thickly-wadded comforter is provided, which is made in the form of a huge garment having capacious sleeves. Many rooms have a square hole in the floor in which, when needed, a fire of charcoal may be kindled; this is called a ro.
In a crowded train, I make it a rule to give my seat to old people.
In a crude but effective disinformation operation, the aggressor managed to trick the world into believing that the defenders had deliberately shot down an airplane with prisoners of war on board.
In a cruel twist of fate, the same gene that enables a tomato to ripen evenly also robs it of sweetness, according to new research published in the journal Science.
In a cruelly ironic twist of fate, someday Tatoeba will make an example of us all.
In a day, there are twenty-four hours.
In a dead galaxy, new star birth has ceased and most remaining stars are red dwarves, which are small and red, giving the galaxy a crimson glow.
In a debate, I try to be composed and correct.
In a democracy it is important that the press is independent.
In a democracy such as the one I have in mind, a democracy based on the principles of non-violence, everyone will have the same freedoms. Everyone will be their own boss. I invite you to accompany this fight for such a democracy.
In a democracy, all citizens have equal rights.
In a democracy, it is important for journalism to be independent.
In a democracy, it is important for journalists to be independent.
In a democracy, it is important that the press be independent.
In a democracy, it's important for the press to be independent.
In a democracy, it’s important for the press to be independent.
In a democracy, the people elect their government officials directly.
In a democratic regime, power must emanate from the people.
In a desperate attempt to escape, Tom hijacked a school bus but was quickly captured by the police.
In a dialogue, it is more likely that a shorter answer would be offered: "Do you prefer working with Tom, or without him?" "Without him." But as a standalone sentence, "I prefer working alone to working with Tom" is fine.
In a dictatorship laughing can be an indictable offense.
In a dictatorship, laughing can be a crime.
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with "fridge".
In a different case, the word changes the meaning of the sentence.
In a different category was the prediction of a new age.
In a dirty bag treasure often lies.
In a drizzle, a fire will fizzle.
In a dusty library, he discovered a forgotten book that seemed to carry the secrets of another era.
In a family conversation, I was confused between a "metaverse" and a "multiverse."
In a family you can find: a grandfather and a grandmother, a father and a mother, a son and a daughter, a grandson and a granddaughter, further a brother and a sister, an uncle and an aunt, a nephew and a niece, a boy cousin and a girl cousin.
In a far retreat / there lies a haven; towards the deep doth stand / an island, on whose jutting headlands beat / the broken billows, shivered into sleet.
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.
In a few days I will travel.
In a few days the vines were stripped, the grapes were trodden, and the wine was poured into the jars, so that fewer hands were wanted, and they were at liberty to drive their flocks to the fields.
In a few days, the baby will be able to walk.
In a few hurried words he directed the shooter, a stronger and more active man than himself, to carry the young lady to a neighbouring fountain, while he went back to Alice's hut to procure more aid.
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
In a few minutes we’ll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
In a few minutes, I have a meeting with the director.
In a few moments you'll become either a holy martyr or a dead witch.
In a few moments, the singer will sing live.
In a few seconds I would have overcome the desperation threshold.
In a few years, we'll all be dead.
In a few years, we'll all be doing that.
In a fight against speculators who are dumping the U.S. currency, central banks of major countries have carried out massive concerted interventions in the market.
In a first-past-the-post voting system, many votes are wasted.
In a fit of anger I punched the wall and broke my index finger.
In a fit of anger he said everything he wanted to say and went home.
In a fit of rage, Gunter shot Rima.
In a flash of craziness, my mother set fire to our house.
In a flat area, what mass of soil should be removed in order to make half a hole?
In a fly model of Parkinson's disease, scientists discovered the extracts also extended the lifespan of flies whose brains were overloaded with a gummy protein implicated in Parkinson's disease called alpha-synuclein.
In a football game the spectators are usually ardent rooters for one of the two teams, but there also is a small group who will climb on the bandwagon of the winning team.
In a foreign country most of us go through culture shock.
In a foreword, the author defends herself against anticipated critics.
In a foreword, the author defends himself against anticipated critics.
In a four-day hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee last month, Democrats praised Jackson for her depth of experience, serving as a judge for nearly 10 years at the federal and appellate levels, and clerking for Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, who U.S. President Joe Biden nominated her to replace.
In a game of Go, it is up to Black to make the first move, that is, to place the first stone on the board. In a handicap game, however, White plays first.
In a game of chess, many tactical moves are based on the ability of the knights to simultaneously attack two opponent's pieces.
In a game of chess, when the same position is repeated three times, the game ends without a winner. The result is therefore a tie.
In a general manner, one can say that the learning method suited for a particular student is not suited for another student, in such a way that the efficiency of the learning method relies mostly on the modification of the ranking of the students.
In a generic brick building on the northwestern edge of NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center campus in Greenbelt, Maryland, thousands of computers packed in racks the size of vending machines hum in a deafening chorus of data crunching.
In a global response to protect the ozone layer, 197 nations signed the Montreal Protocol in 1987 to phase out use of ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) and hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs).
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
In a good democracy, everyone should be an aristocrat.
In a good marriage we can argue harmoniously.
In a group, we are strong.
In a happy marriage, the woman is a little blind and the man is a little deaf.
In a healthy society, there would be no need to monetize any aspect of oneself. In this society, there is such a need.
In a hearing Wednesday to examine the spread of extremism online and the effectiveness of measures taken to prevent violent content, leaders from Facebook, Twitter and Google faced tough questions from U.S. lawmakers, accentuating the positive steps taken, while acknowledging the work remaining.
In a heat exchanger, the molten salt turns water into steam for turbines that turn electrical generators.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
In a hole in the ground there lived a rabbit.
In a homogeneous country where 85 percent of people are of the same ethnicity, most of them Buddhist, tourism is a key way to expose locals to people from a variety of backgrounds.
In a horrifying chain of events, Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip.
In a horror film, many characters come to a sticky end.
In a house with two entrances, no one can be aware of all those who come in or out.
In a hundred meter dash she started last but soon caught up with the others.
In a hurry, I had to pick a present for her.
In a job interview, should I lie about how interested I am in the company?
In a job like this, it's hard to get enough exercise.
In a kimono, tabi are indispensable.
In a kimono, tabi can't be absent.
In a land of immigrants many children grow up in a situation where their grandparents haven’t mastered the child’s language; the youngster quickly learns to express himself as simply as possible.
In a lawless outpost deep within the desert, everybody wore football shoulder pads and mohawks.
In a lengthy report on the law’s impact on the city’s judicial system, based on court judgements, court hearing notes and interviews with activists, Amnesty concluded that the law has been used to “carry out a wide range of human rights violations.”
In a library, you have to be quiet.
In a like case the modern scholar encounters an even greater danger, because in the detailed investigation of manifold subjects, he runs the risk of scattering his energies and of losing himself in disconnected knowledge, without supplementing the incomplete, as the ancients succeeded in doing, by the completeness of his own personality.
In a liquid rocket, the propellants, the fuel and the oxidizer, are stored separately as liquids and are pumped into the combustion chamber of the nozzle where burning occurs.
In a little house there lived three bears.
In a little while I am going shopping at the supermarket in order to buy meat and vegetables.
In a little while, we'll know what you're worth, you, our boss!
In a mad world only the mad are sane.
In a magazine I read recently, there was an article that said it isn't true.
In a major break from other internet companies, Twitter said on Wednesday it would no longer accept political ads, a decision that will affect users and political campaigns in the U.S. and around the world.
In a manner of speaking, yes.
In a marked departure from previous reports, the IFRC does not delve into the numerous natural disasters that caused untold devastation last year.
In a matter of days, billions of cicadas will emerge from the ground in at least 15 U.S. states from the Midwest to the East Coast, insect specialists say.
In a matter of years, Berber will no longer be spoken in this part of Algeria.
In a meeting Sunday President Fox told political party leaders that they had made the right choice for Mexico. He said the agreement between the executive and the political parties permits them to move forward, unified in their plurality, in favor of the nation's great aspirations.
In a million years, someone will find your bones and take them to a museum.
In a minute he was ready.
In a minute, I'll tell you what's happening next week.
In a minute, I'm going to tell you my life story.
In a minute, I’m going to tell you my life story.
In a moment of impulsiveness, Rodrigo decided to squeeze the bothersome pimple on his forehead.
In a moment the young fellows had dismounted, fastened their horses, and were ascending the precipitous slope which led up to the object which had excited their curiosity.
In a moment, he will be dead.
In a moment, he will have died.
In a month, I'll be on vacation.
In a month, the weather won't be as hot as it is now.
In a morning stroll, I was able to take excellent photos.
In a mosque, men and women are separated.
In a mosque, men and women pray separately.
In a mouse model, the scientists trained the body’s natural immune system, called innate immunity, to disarm and destroy a bacterium that causes a kidney infection, often in children.
In a museum I saw a very old hourglass.
In a new report, the WHO noted that cardiovascular and chronic respiratory diseases, cancers and diabetes are the biggest killers of people. Every year, the report said, 15 million adults die before they reach old age. It noted they often die in the most productive period of their lives, between the ages of 30 and 70.
In a new study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, investigators describe how the change made vancomycin 1,000 times more effective against both drug-resistant enterococci and the original forms of the microorganism.
In a new study, scientists say dolphins in captivity have shown an ability to recognize former tank mates’ whistles even after being apart from them for more than 20 years.
In a new warning, the U.N.'s World Meteorological Organization said the world is becoming increasingly vulnerable to the impact of climate change.
In a news conference in Florida, Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, said he had talked with Trump and found that "there's a lot more alignment, philosophically and spiritually, than I ever thought that there was."
In a nutshell, the message says that the trip needs to be put back a week.
In a nutshell.
In a packed bus, it would infuriate me to miss my stop on account of other passengers.
In a panic, Lorenzo yelled for Melissa to tell him where she was.
In a parallel universe, that might be true.
In a past-oriented society, people dwell on the past and on tradition.
In a permanent exhibition, the museum shows the development of film technology.
In a pinch, Tom can do without wine, but not coffee.
In a pinch, a vegetable peeler can act as a zester.
In a pinch, we could use this, I suppose.
In a piston-engine airplane, the mixture control adjusts the ratio of fuel to air entering the engine.
In a place like this, you have to get your own back.
In a platonic relationship, there is no jealousy.
In a playground in Vancouver, BC, years ago, I talked to a Native Indian with his child playing. I mentioned that I was interested in "Amerindian" cultures and languages. He said that he knew that the term "Amerindian" was for academics.
In a popular sci-fi show, the alien Minbari have three peer castes.
In a popular sci-fi show, there are two android brothers funnily named Data and Lore.
In a popular show, the Horta is a silicon-based lifeform.
In a post-apocalyptic scenario, aliens have discovered Earth and made a museum of the humans that were wiped out by a cosmic collision with an asteroid to the planet.
In a preregistered study, the scientist will design the study before they even begin collecting data, not afterward.
In a presentation to the International Conference of the American Thoracic Society, Elizabeth Townsend explained that the ginger components inhibit an enzyme and a protein structure which play a role in constricting the smooth bronchial muscles.
In a presidential order read out on state television, Kiir announced the addition of ministries of Veterans Affairs; Trade, Industry and Investment; Labor; Tourism and Wildlife Conservation; Livestock and Fisheries; and Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management.
In a press release, NCA emergency director Hans Petter Mortensholm said, “Life and health are always the first priority during an incident like this, and it must be safe to carry out the rescue.”
In a progressive tense sentence it becomes the -ing form verb, that is the present participle.
In a purely romantic relationship, cheating would just be like having a boyfriend who considers himself in love with another girl and he goes and sees her and kisses her and cuddles with her and tells her he loves her.
In a quarter of an hour the sun will set.
In a quiet hour, when the world with its rush and din leaves us to ourselves and the universe, we begin to ask ourselves "Why" and "How," and then almost unconsciously we philosophise.
In a quivering voice she cried "Help!"
In a rage, Tom smothered his son to death.
In a rage, Tom violently made pancakes, fracturing his wrist in the process.
In a ranch-style house, all the rooms are on one floor.
In a rare break from the party line, twelve Republican senators voted to codify same-sex marriage rights.
In a rare yet expected development, a small number of people have developed COVID-19 after they have been vaccinated.
In a recent article about activities to keep your brain young, they mention Esperanto along with Sudoku, which shows that Esperanto is becoming part of popular culture.
In a recent real-world test of the technique, scientists used arrays of laser sensors to exchange data with a NASA spacecraft orbiting the moon at a rate six times faster than the best radio communications available. Researchers say the laser-based system weighs half as much as comparable radio devices and uses 25 percent less power.
In a recent year the repair shops reconditioned over $155,000,000 worth of used equipment for the telephone companies, including 5,400,000 telephones.
In a recession, people usually only buy what they really need, like food.
In a relay race, a baton or something similar is passed from one teammate to another as they reach each checkpoint.
In a report, published in the magazine Nature, a group of scientists say that X-ray and spectroscopic analysis of a small diamond found in magma from a Brazilian volcano showed a 40 micrometer speck of a mineral called ringwoodite.
In a rocket engine, fuel and a source of oxygen, called an oxidizer, are mixed and exploded in a combustion chamber. The combustion produces hot exhaust which is passed through a nozzle to accelerate the flow and produce thrust.
In a rook endgame, each side has only a rook, a few pawns, and the king. This is the most common type of endgame.
In a room filled with crates used to harvest honey, Panella is quick to philosophize about migration, human compassion and more.
In a sans-serif font, skewing a word or phrase can create the appearance of italics, even when a real italic font is not available. The technique is less successful with serif fonts because the design of the roman letter "a" or "g", for example, usually differs from its italic version.
In a scandal that shocked the financial world, prosecutors say the executives spent the pilfered money on luxury items such as expensive homes and properties in Beverly Hills, New York and London; a 300-foot superyacht; and fine art by Monet and Van Gogh.
In a scary scene, it never fails that there is either an owl hooting or wolves howling under the full moon.
In a second survey of students attending four universities in China's southern Fujian Province, 92 percent of students said that premarital sex was acceptable.
In a self-built hide, situated in a secluded part of the woods far from any road or path, a place into which people had hardly ever strayed, Tom and John would often meet to watch the animals and put the world to rights.
In a sense what he says is true.
In a sense you are right in refusing to join that club.
In a sense, I am turning around the argument made by David Riesman in The Lonely Crowd.
In a sense, I can understand his confusion.
In a sense, Paris is the center of the world.
In a sense, it is true.
In a sense, it's true.
In a sense, life is but a dream.
In a sense, life is only a dream.
In a sense, she is right, too.
In a sense, such a political movement may be called a revolution.
In a sense, that's correct.
In a sense, that's exactly what's happened.
In a sense, what he says is true.
In a sense, you are right.
In a sense, you are wrong.
In a sense, you're right.
In a sense, you're wrong.
In a senseless war, it's hard to tell the difference between courage and sheer stupidity.
In a serious struggle there is no worse cruelty than to be magnanimous at an inopportune time.
In a sexual relationship, cheating on someone is having sex with someone else.
In a short time you will know Esperanto.
In a sign of how continuity transcends political divisions, Earnest says President Obama and his team at the White House benefited tremendously from the effectiveness of that transition.
In a similar situation, I'd do the same.
In a similar situation, the company was held liable.
In a single day, one worker bee makes 12 or more trips from the hive, visiting several thousand flowers.
In a situation like this, there is nothing for it but to give in.
In a situation like this, water and food are what matter most.
In a six-hour procedure, space station commander Sunita Williams and Japanese astronaut Akihiko Hoshide successfully reconfigured ammonia coolant lines to bypass the suspect radiator, which may have been hit by space debris months earlier.
In a small town at the foot of the mountains, a boy named Lunis spent his days exploring the nearby forests.
In a society that uses thousands of logograms, there is much hidden illiteracy that people don't talk much about in public.
In a sojourn by boat on the Potomac, VOA's Rosanne Skirble stops for a history lesson and to witness efforts to recover a bird that has been absent from the riverscape for more than fifty years.
In a solid rocket, the propellants are mixed together and packed into a solid cylinder. Under normal temperature conditions, the propellants do not burn; but they will burn when exposed to a source of heat provided by an igniter. Once the burning starts, it proceeds until all the propellant is exhausted.
In a spacious hall in Tokio is a tokonoma six feet in depth, and very wide. The flower-vases and pictures in this recess were colossal.
In a special treat, Mars is in opposition on Friday — meaning the planet and the sun will be on exact opposite sides of the Earth and will shine its best.
In a speech prepared by Johnson’s cabinet the queen said, "My government's priority is to deliver a national recovery from the pandemic that makes the United Kingdom stronger, healthier and more prosperous than before.”
In a state called America’s Dairyland, where locals are called “cheeseheads,” the changes in the industry and products that have swept across the nation have played out here on a larger scale.
In a state of panic I answered the phone.
In a statement on its website, the Norwegian Coastal Administration said it feared the ship could capsize because the vessel was listing at a 40- to 50-degree angle.
In a statement they said, “Today, on what would have been our mother's 60th birthday, we remember her love, strength and character — qualities that made her a force for good around the world, changing countless lives for the better.”
In a statement, Facebook accuses the account holders of using fake and duplicate accounts to manage pages, comment on other people’s content, impersonate users and re-share posts in groups to make them appear more popular than they were.
In a statement, U.S. President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden offered condolences on behalf of the people of the United States.
In a statement, scientists from North-Eastern Federal University (NEFU) in Yakutsk say reindeer herders on Great Lyakhovsky island in the New Siberian Islands archipelago discovered the carcass in the melting permafrost.
In a statement, the palace said, "After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, the Queen has asked The Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty" at the Commonwealth Day service.
In a store if you break something you must pay for it.
In a struggle of power, if you aren't with us, you're against us.
In a studio apartment with a single lightbulb and hot plate, Tom prepared the most delicious meals while high on heroin.
In a study of more than 300,000 U.S. adults aged 21 to 90, researchers at Pennsylvania State University's College of Medicine found the prevalence of hearing loss among participants overall was 1.6 percent, compared with 3.4 percent among those with iron-deficiency anemia.
In a study published Tuesday, Japanese and American scientists described what they found in sediment samples taken from a flat, wide area 3.7 kilometers to 5.7 kilometers below the ocean’s surface, known as an abyssal plain.
In a study published Wednesday in the science journal Nature, Laurentian University geologist Elizabeth Turner detailed how she found fossilized three-dimensional structures that resemble modern sponge skeletons in thin sections of rocks taken from the remnants of a prehistoric ocean reef.
In a study published in the journal The Lancet Oncology, researchers with the International Agency for Research on Cancer in Lyon, France, reported the incidence of childhood cancer was 140 per million per year from 2001–2010 among children up to age 14.
In a study published this week in Science, researchers offer the first solid evidence that the climate in tropical Africa is influenced by conditions in the northern latitudes, not by solar radiation patterns along the equator as is generally believed.
In a study reported in the journal Science Translational Medicine, researchers describe how a synthetic drug, called antisense oligonucleotide, reduced the production and in some cases cleared clumps of tau in the brain.
In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.
In a sugar shack in the woods, Tom and Mary boiled the sap they had collected to make maple syrup.
In a sumptuous conference area at the Ford Foundation headquarters in New York, foundation president Darren Walker told an animated crowd—policymakers and corporate executives as well as NGO representatives and colorfully dressed indigenous leaders from around the world—about his commitment to bring these disparate groups together to save the planet.
In a sunny spot stood a pleasant old farm-house close by a deep river, and from the house down to the water side grew great burdock leaves, so high, that under the tallest of them a little child could stand upright. The spot was as wild as the centre of a thick wood. In this snug retreat sat a duck on her nest, watching for her young brood to hatch; she was beginning to get tired of her task, for the little ones were a long time coming out of their shells, and she seldom had any visitors.
In a superstore in Viterbo, on the northern outskirts of the Italian capital, Rome, retailers were taken aback by the volume of shoppers eager to stock up on water, pasta and dry foods.
In a superstore in Viterbo, on the northern outskirts of the Italian capital, Rome, retailers were taken aback by the volume of shoppers eager to stock up on water, pasta and dry foods; as people formed long lines in front of registers early in the morning with shopping carts piled high.
In a survey, 74% of people who said they were not supportive of trans people admitted to not knowing any trans people personally.
In a swift chariot he crosses the ranks.
In a televised news conference outside his residence at Rideau Cottage in Ottawa, Trudeau asked Canadians to resist the temptation to let their guard down after 10 months of making sacrifices.
In a thick Kabyle accent, he told me that he was lost.
In a three-dimensional reality, forces like electromagnetism operate solely in three dimensions and they act according to traditional laws of physics.
In a time like this, one should stay at home and not wander the streets.
In a time of high technology most of us use mobile phones.
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
In a time when women were discouraged from studying math and science, Roman became a research astronomer and was instrumental in taking NASA's Hubble Space Telescope from an idea to reality and establishing NASA’s program of space-based astronomical observatories.
In a time-bound society time is seen as linear- in other words as a straight line extending from the past, through the present, to the future.
In a tiny bay she found a troop of little children running about naked and paddling in the water; she wanted to play with them, but they were frightened and ran away.
In a town near Tokyo, he spent time with a guru of origami, the traditional Japanese art of paper folding.
In a town with only one barber, who shaves the barber?
In a town you may pass unnoticed, whereas in a village it's impossible.
In a town you may pass unnoticed, whereas in a village it’s impossible.
In a traditional Javanese burial, before the grave is filled in, someone close to the deceased will go down into it and shout into his ear the Muslim profession of faith. The message is "Don't forget. Especially not now."
In a vacuum, the concept works perfectly.
In a vast space left empty between the crowd and the fire, a young girl danced.
In a very amusing interview I had with him I ascertained that he did not know a word of the language of his adopted country.
In a very special bakery in Kyiv, thousands of loaves of bread are being baked every week and sent out to those in need.
In a video Reisinger made in July 2020 to celebrate reaching 200,000 subscribers, he answered questions from his fans.
In a video message, UNICEF Executive Director, Henrietta Fore expresses her dismay at the bloody cost of war that claims so many young lives, forces them to flee their homes and shatters their dreams for the future.
In a village, where almost everyone has animals, the clucking and crowing of roosters is normal.
In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.
In a war, the first victim is the truth.
In a way or another, life goes on.
In a way you are right, but I still have doubts.
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.
In a way, Gabriel was right.
In a way, I agree.
In a way, I understand you.
In a way, I'm glad I never met Tom.
In a way, Susie seems like my mother.
In a way, Ziri was right.
In a way, in the Philippines, people already speak Spanish and English, as these languages, or really their words, are integrated or imbedded in native languages, not just Tagalog. Spanish is chocolate or coffee, whilst English is a fizzy pink lemonade soda. The Philippine society is mostly an amalgam of Malay, Chinese, and Spanish elements, with unmentioned various more minor ones. There is Philippine Creole Spanish, Chabacano or Chavacano, spoken scatteringly in the magical archipelago. The feature of the Philippines is more like the Caribbean, the crossroads of different peoples. I can categorize the people of the Philippines in several desserts: Many are like "ube halaya" or the dark mash of sweet purple yam. Some are more like "halo-halo" or ice dessert with leche flan, ube yam, kaong, nata de coco, young coconut strips, agar-agar jelly, sago, beans, fruits like jackfruit, et cetera. Some are more like "maíz con hielo" or ice dessert with corn kernels, sugar, and milk. A striking difference of Filipinos from Mainland Asia is their love of the creative purple colour, maybe because of the ube yam delicacy. In Okinawa in Japan, people call it "beniimo." They use it also in Okinawan desserts and other cooking.
In a way, life is a cruel thing. It holds major problems in store for each one of us.
In a way, we're all ghosts here.
In a way, what your friend has said is true.
In a way, you are right.
In a way, you were right.
In a way, you're right, too.
In a way, you're right.
In a way, you're wrong.
In a way, you’re wrong.
In a week, classes start again.
In a week, it will be two months since I write in the lying position; even if it is binding, the Kabyle language still needs to be worked on. What else would its speakers be for, then?
In a wink, Gunter was gone.
In a wooden box in a drawer she kept a faded colour photograph of her father sitting in his rowing boat, leaning forwards with his arms outstretched, his hands gripping the oars.
In a word, I don't trust him.
In a word, I don’t trust him.
In a word, I think he is an idiot.
In a word, I think he's a fool.
In a word, I think he’s a fool.
In a word, he gained much profit.
In a word, he is a coward.
In a word, he is a flatterer.
In a word, he is a man of genius.
In a word, he tires of everything.
In a word, how would you define technology?
In a word, it's ridiculous.
In a word, it’s ridiculous.
In a word, life is short.
In a word, she is guilty.
In a word, she isn't any use.
In a word, she isn’t any use.
In a word, they were—like the Aesculapian temples at Trikka, Epidaurus and Cos, of which some account will be given farther on—both hospitals for the treatment of disease and schools for the training of physicians.
In a word, you are in the wrong.
In a word, you hate me, don't you?
In a word, you hate me, don’t you?
In a word, you hate me, right?
In a world full of constantly changing techniques, there's some honour in being a traditionalist.
In a world of diversity, we find our greatest strength.
In a world of uncertainty, a que sera sera attitude may be the healthiest one to have.
In a world often marked by division and discord, Algeria has emerged as a beacon of peace, demonstrating exemplary leadership in fostering understanding and reconciliation.
In a world that is really upside down, the true is a moment of the false.
In a world where everyone’s life was recorded, no one would ever lose their car key… If you forgot where you dropped it, you would just play the recording and voilà!
In a world where it is hard to trust anything, always trust your journey.
In a world where political and cultural divisions still cause so much hardship, maybe it's actually time that we gave Esperanto a real shot.
In a world where technology, such as artificial intelligence, is advancing at a rapid pace, what guidance do technology developers have in making the best ethically sound decisions for consumers?
In a year, everything will be completely different.
In about 20 minutes she made up her face.
In about 300 BCE, Greek philosopher Epicurus proposed that the universe's boundaries were limitless and that space was full of other worlds.
In about an hour the boat touched a sandy beach, surrounded with magnificent chestnut trees, amongst which the stream still ran, but so shallow and rocky as to be unnavigable.
In about ten days the first fermentation will definitely be finished.
In about ten minutes, you'll find out more.
In about the fifth year I decided cutting the grass was something I didn't want to do any more of.
In about the fifth year I decided cutting the grass was something I didn’t want to do any more of.
In about two weeks.
In absence of any stipulation regarding the capital city of Japan, strictly speaking, Tokyo is nothing more than a de facto capital.
In academic writing, avoid overusing certain words.
In academic writing, it's very important to be concise.
In academic writing, try to avoid repetition.
In academic writing, you need to know how to use the right register.
In academic writing, you need to use formal language.
In accepting the money, he lost the respect of the people.
In accordance with Japan's constitution, the emperor is a symbol of the Japanese state and the unity of the Japanese people.
In accordance with amendments to the Civil Code, starting April 2022, the age of majority in Japan will be lowered to 18.
In accordance with his advice, I called off the deal.
In accordance with our agreement, he stopped asking me personal questions.
In accordance with the Treaty of Verdun, in 1843 the Carolingian Empire was divided between Charlemagne's three grandchildren.
In accordance with the instructions of President Ilham Aliyev, the first migration to Khojaly took place in May 2024 as part of the Great Return to the liberated territories.
In accordance with the public opinion poll of the Gallup university, 44% Americans think the world is younger than 10000 years.
In accordance with your request, I enclose a picture of myself.
In actual fact, many of my earliest memories are theories I had about the world around me.
In actuality, he has hemophilia, a disease that prevents blood from clotting naturally so small cuts can become massive injuries with prolonged bleeding.
In actuality, it's not as scary as it seems.
In addition many groups have been formed so that the elderly can socialize with one another and remain active participants in American life.
In addition the snow thaw is near.
In addition to Chinese, my aunt can speak English.
In addition to English, Mr. Nakajima can speak German fluently.
In addition to English, he can speak French.
In addition to English, he knows German and French.
In addition to English, he speaks German.
In addition to English, she speaks French fluently.
In addition to French, Tom can speak English fluently.
In addition to French, Tom can speak English.
In addition to French, Tom speaks English and German.
In addition to French, Tom speaks English.
In addition to India itself, Diwali is celebrated in many other countries where there are large Indian communities — for example, in Singapore.
In addition to Jennifer’s enthusiasm for lower trophic organisms, she also enjoys photography, especially of the Aurora Borealis, and going on adventures with her Bernese Mountain Dog, Odin.
In addition to Mary and her new boyfriend, Tom invited three of Mary's ex-boyfriends, without telling her.
In addition to PCs, it can be used with cell phones.
In addition to Tom, three other people were injured.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
In addition to a blocked nose, I’m also suffering from a high temperature.
In addition to a mansion, he owns a Bentley.
In addition to a thick fog, there was a heavy swell.
In addition to about 30,000 yen, the wallet contained his driver's license.
In addition to about 30,000 yen, the wallet contained his driver’s license.
In addition to being a doctor, Dr. Jackson is a writer.
In addition to being a doctor, he is a writer.
In addition to being a doctor, he was a very famous novelist.
In addition to being a famous physicist, he is a great novelist.
In addition to being a good teacher, she was a great scholar.
In addition to being a great painter, Da Vinci was also a remarkable inventor.
In addition to being a great statesman, Churchill was a great writer.
In addition to being a parent, being able to educate is essential.
In addition to being a physician, he was a master pianist.
In addition to being a pianist, she is a painter.
In addition to being a poet, he is a scholar.
In addition to being my wife, Angela has always been my confidante.
In addition to being the capital of the United Kingdom, London is also the capital of England.
In addition to carat weight and color, a gemstone's value is based on its clearness and cut—the shape of the polished stone.
In addition to classifying the data, the machine also checks the figures.
In addition to cold beer, the bar serves food, including grilled sirloin and pizza, the newspaper reported, adding that the steak comes with rice, beans and pasta and costs only $4.40 a plate, which is much cheaper than anything else nearby.
In addition to forcing us to use more clicks, moving these items out of the menu has a negative effect on discoverability. If I didn't see them in the menu, I might think that such functionality didn't exist at all.
In addition to good health, he has a good brain.
In addition to her endeavors on the track, the American high jumper is studying toward a degree in medicine and does some modeling on the side.
In addition to hiring me, he gave me a piece of advice.
In addition to his normal job, he pursues a lot of other activities.
In addition to his regular job, he has a lot of other activities.
In addition to informing, news can also divert.
In addition to mathematics, physics and astronomy, Newton also had an interest in alchemy, mysticism and theology.
In addition to menorah lightings, giving money to those in need and social works are also part of the celebration of Hanukkah for many.
In addition to my other worries, this has to happen.
In addition to pancakes, U.S. households still consume other breakfast foods — like bread and eggs — that their ancestors did.
In addition to pay, an employee can receive benefits such as health insurance, retirement plans, paid time off, bonuses, stock options, and other forms of compensation or perks.
In addition to preserving seeds, the USDA's National Center for Genetic Resources Preservation recently began storing the frozen embryos of important or rare species of livestock, another genetic treasure imperiled by human activities.
In addition to riding the waves, he likes riding his skateboard.
In addition to seeking authoritative sources, journalists also seek to confirm information from multiple sources.
In addition to sports, numerous concerts were held in the facility.
In addition to taking the regular tests, we have to hand in a long essay.
In addition to taking the tests, we have to hand in an essay.
In addition to teaching Berber, Ziri is gonna teach French and Arabic as well.
In addition to teaching Berber, you will be supervising our school magazine.
In addition to that sum he still owes me ten dollars.
In addition to that, he failed the examination.
In addition to the Common Voice dataset, we’re also building an open source speech recognition engine called Deep Speech.
In addition to the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, the activities of the Jewish Partisans, and the heavy involvement of Jews in the Polish and French resistances, many Jews also fought for regular Allied forces. My own great-uncle was a U.S. paratrooper born in Hungary who died storming the beaches of Normandy.
In addition to the general curriculum there are tutorials in the essentials of machinery, training is also carried out for skills in and learning how to use the various types of machinery.
In addition to the immediate danger to life, the extreme weather disrupts livelihoods and entire economies, Kelman said.
In addition to the manufacturing data, China's non-manufacturing services sector activity also posted its deepest contraction on record, dropping to 29.6 from 54.1 in January, according to another survey by China's NBS.
In addition to the police, the firemen had to make their appearance, too.
In addition to the saxophone, Tom plays the flute, too.
In addition to these protected sanctuaries, says Webster, there are also managed reserves, where diseased oysters are removed and replaced with disease-free hatchery seed. The oysters are allowed to grow until 60 percent of them are at least 10 centimeters long. Once the oysters have reached adult size, the reserves are opened up for harvest, supporting the commercial fishery.
In addition to this, the shepherd also decides to “go for the one that is missing until it is found,” and the same elders also take the initiative to find those who are lost and reach out to help them restore their relationship with Jehovah of relationships.
In addition to this, there are other reasons.
In addition to water, sunshine is absolutely necessary for plant life.
In addition to winning an Oscar, the actress recently landed a contract with a Paris-based cosmetics and skincare company.
In addition to writing the manga, Katsushiro Otomo also directed its film adaptation.
In addition, I am in the lot, me too! Let it go!
In addition, I cabled Chicago a similar message, asking them to offer our services to the State Department in Washington for a like purpose.
In addition, I can fly.
In addition, I have to interview a professor.
In addition, Leonardo determined, before Galileo, the center of gravity of any pyramid and of a tetrahedral, or four-sided body.
In addition, coincidences inevitably come in threes.
In addition, devanagari is an abugida, used for Sanskrit, Nepali and Hindi, in which the characters contain a final 'a'-sound if another vowel does not change the sound. However, Arabic and Hebrew use separate systems called abjads, in which the vowels are not always indicated.
In addition, meatpackers will be barred from using the small intestines, head and spinal tissue from older cows, born prior to a rigorous inspection program for mad cow disease implemented in 1997, and packers will no longer be allowed to use certain slaughtering techniques that might contaminate safe meat.
In addition, our experiments are consistent with our theoretical results.
In addition, progress has been made in reducing deaths from communicable diseases and maternal, newborn and nutritional disorders.
In addition, she has an artistic flair.
In addition, there have been changes in husband-wife relationships.
In addition, there were two other deficiencies in that system.
In addition, wages for some auto workers in Mexico are likely to climb sharply, with the agreement decreeing that 40 to 45 percent of the auto content must be produced by workers earning $16 or more an hour.
In addition, we are looking for an consultant who can assist us in leveraging their expertise of the market to acquire product from manufacturers in the area.
In addition, we will issue the 'employee of the month' award afterwards.
In adolescence, I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide, from which, however, I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics.
In advanced economies like my own, unions have been undermined, and many manufacturing jobs have disappeared.
In aftermath of the accident he lost his sight.
In age regression lingo, when someone regresses and takes on the mentality of their younger self, they're in "little space."
In aggravated cases, when the patient is suffering pain, when his occupation is interfered with by repeated attacks of phlebitis, or when there are large pouches on the veins, operative treatment is called for.
In algebra a monomorphism is an injective homomorphism.
In algebra, abstract algebra is the study of algebraic structures. Algebraic structures include groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and lattices.
In algebra, we often replace numbers with letters.
In all airports, there are signs in English.
In all cases, it is questionable.
In all cases, love is perseverance.
In all cultures, babies fall asleep to lullabies.
In all eras, the rose, queen of flowers, has fascinated mankind.
In all fairness, he did do his best.
In all fairness, you did break into the house.
In all four, degradation can be clearly observed.
In all her pompous majesty, carried on the shoulders of the entire football team, stood the de facto queen of the school.
In all honesty, I could not say the room allotted to me was comfortable.
In all honesty, I don't like her much at all.
In all likelihood it will not snow today.
In all likelihood it won't snow today.
In all likelihood it won't snow tomorrow.
In all likelihood, I will win.
In all likelihood, I'll win.
In all likelihood, it will rain this afternoon.
In all likelihood, the president will serve a second term.
In all likelihood, they'll be away for a week.
In all likelihood, they’ll be away for a week.
In all likelihood, this means war.
In all likelihood, we shall be away for a few days.
In all likelihood, you will pass the entrance exam if you use this textbook.
In all mass movements we must make a basic investigation and analysis of the number of active supporters, opponents and neutrals, and must not decide problems subjectively and without basis.
In all matters of opinion, our adversaries are insane.
In all matters, excess is a vice.
In all matters, safety first!
In all my career as a travel agent, I never visited Africa.
In all my travels I've never seen a more beautiful mountain than Everest.
In all my travels I’ve never seen a more beautiful mountain than Everest.
In all my travels, I've never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount Everest.
In all my travels, I've never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mt. Everest.
In all my years as a priest, I have not witnessed a single miracle.
In all of human history, there has never been a kingdom that couldn't fall.
In all of human society, three factors come into play at every level: competitiveness, cooperation, and parasitism.
In all of my travels, I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount Everest.
In all of our efforts, foremost in our minds is the loss and the grief of the people of Orlando—those who died, those who are still recovering, the families who have seen their loved ones harmed, the friends of ours who are lesbian and gay and bisexual and transgender who were targeted. I want to remind them that they are not alone. The American people, and our allies and friends all over the world, stand with you and are thinking about you, and are praying for you.
In all of the gardens in my city it is illegal to trample the flower beds.
In all philosophic theory there is an ultimate which is actual in virtue of its accidents.
In all probability he was fucking my sister.
In all probability it won't snow today.
In all probability it won't snow tomorrow.
In all probability, no language is completely free of borrowed words.
In all probability, the cabinet will fall.
In all probability, the money will not be paid.
In all probability, we shall arrive before them.
In all probability, we'll arrive before them.
In all probability, we'll arrive before they do.
In all relations between peoples, a neutral language must be used.
In all the excitement I forgot to say how happy I was that you visited.
In all the excitement I forgot to say how happy I was to see you.
In all the excitement the 30 minute show-time passed in a flash.
In all the excitement, I forgot to eat.
In all the pictures was his mother in his room.
In all the rest of Europe, there will be monstrous festivals this year.
In all the work I have done as President—every decision I have made, every executive action I have taken, every bill I have proposed and signed—I've tried to give all Americans the tools and conditions to build the future of our dreams in a good society with a strong economy, a cleaner environment, and a freer, safer, more prosperous world.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
In all things resolve to act as though the whole world would see what you do; for even if you conceal your deeds for the moment, later you will be found out.
In all times and places many examples of poor relations between wives and mothers-in-law can be seen.
In all, 13% of mayors say they’ve been subjected to physical violence, according to Thomas’s research. Eight in 10 mayors say they’ve faced some sort of psychological abuse.
In all, Schubert wrote over six hundred songs, lots of piano pieces, nine symphonies, and many other compositions.
In all, several hundred people were affected by these evacuations.
In all, the auditor general said his office uncovered $170 million in funds misused from the national budget.
In all, there were thirty people there.
In almost every house there was a store of cider, brandy, rum or whiskey, but the men seldom overindulged except at weddings and funerals.
In an accompanying editorial in the journal, Ulrich Laufs of Saarland University in Germany and Brian Ference of the University of Bristol noted that in people taking cholesterol-lowering drugs, including AT04A, there may be an increased risk of patients developing diabetes.
In an address Sunday on state television, the president announced a 30-day plan to ration electricity.
In an adjacent space, a group of young men measure, saw, and sand wood to make custom workbenches.
In an adult human, the uterus is shaped similarly to a pear, and weighs around 60 grams.
In an affluent society most people have a high standard of living.
In an age of light a darkness rises.
In an airplane, you touch the seat, food trays, arm rests and the door knob to the toilet.
In an almanac you can find information about the phases of the moon.
In an alternate universe, Bruce Wayne decided to become a criminologist instead of a superhero.
In an alternate universe, we’re all speaking French.
In an apartment building, the greater risk is not of fire damage, it is the risk of water damage to the apartment below.
In an archival interview, he was careful not to overrate his success or appear arrogant.
In an army no man is permitted to leave without permission.
In an atmosphere of absolute apathy, any act is a revolutionary act.
In an attempt to defend herself from Sami's stabs, Layla grabbed the knife by the blade.
In an attempt to distribute the little food that was produced and prevent food hoarding, the Collean government limited the amount of food that any one person can buy.
In an attempt to escape, the bandit took the lives of four hostages.
In an earthquake, the ground can shake up and down, or back and forth.
In an ecumenical prayer cycle, believers pray for every nation’s people at least once a year, affirming solidarity with everyone and compassion for all, though they are living in diverse situations, experiencing diverse problems and sharing diverse gifts.
In an effort to beautify their unattractive parking lot, the restaurant bought two old railway cars and planted a variety of vegetables on top of them, turning the lot into a garden and seating area.
In an effort to declutter his apartment, Tom is going to get rid of one or two unneeded items per day for the next twelve months.
In an effort to put an end to the online abuse, Miroslav took a proactive step and reported the troll to the authorities.
In an effort to quell the spread of the coronavirus, most American universities and colleges have shifted to online learning. But for many international students who have returned to their home countries, that means going to class in the middle of the night.
In an eight-point area, in the upper left corner of the board, White had five dead stones, meaning they could not avoid capture and were therefore prisoners.
In an emergency he had nothing to fall back upon.
In an emergency you can fall back on your savings.
In an emergency, do you act quickly?
In an emergency, use the stairway, not the elevator.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
In an equilateral triangle with vertices A, B and C, the distance from A to B is the same distance as from B to C, or from C to A.
In an era when social media is driving politics and traditional political allegiances are waning, the populist agenda of nationalist pride and cultural grievance is trumping the much more bland and less adventurous managerial problem-solving of the establishment parties.
In an era when urban growth and suburban sprawl often threaten the natural habitats of America's wildlife, places where birds, animals and plants can safely thrive have become increasingly precious. That is the rationale behind the nation's National Wildlife Refuge System a set of over 500 preserves where the needs of wildlife are given top priority even over human recreation.
In an essay in the journal Nature, the Macalester College biology professor joins 18 other scientists to argue that action to protect ecosystems should be based on species impact and not species origin.
In an essay similarly devoted to allegorical procedures in contemporary art, Buchloh discusses 6 women artists.
In an event called “The Golden Parade” the Egyptian government transferred 22 mummies to their new resting place, the National Museum for Egyptian Civilization.
In an ever diversifying society, acceptance of the ideas and values of other people should be elevated as one of our main goals.
In an exceptional incident in Jewish history, the Hasmoneans forced the Edomites to become Jews.
In an experience of women which extends over many nations and three separate continents, I have never looked upon a face which gave a clearer promise of a refined and sensitive nature.
In an hour it'll be dark.
In an hour my child gets out of school.
In an hour my son will come home from school.
In an hour there are sixty minutes and in a minute there are sixty seconds.
In an hour, I have to work.
In an hour, we'll all be asleep.
In an ideal world, chocolate would contain no calories but remain as delicious.
In an insistent voice, he asked his brother to hand over the letter and he died.
In an instant Holmes raced up on to the ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every direction.
In an instant both boys were rolling and tumbling in the dirt, gripped together like cats; and for the space of a minute they tugged and tore at each other’s hair and clothes, punched and scratched each other’s nose, and covered themselves with dust and glory.
In an instant he had reached the extremity of the niche, and finding his progress arrested by the rock, stood stupidly bewildered.
In an instant, everything changed.
In an instant, life changed forever.
In an instant, my life changed.
In an interview published Friday, in the New York Times newspaper, the Haitian prime minister said he wants to provide equal opportunity to all political parties and all candidates. He emphasized he wants to create a Haitian government of independent-minded technocrats.
In an interview six years ago, Henry Loomis remembered an experiment he took part in when he was about seventeen years old. Henry slept in a sound-proof room with electrode devices attached to his head. Alfred Loomis was nearby with a microphone device. He told his son in a soft voice that Henry's favorite object, his boat, was on fire. Henry Loomis jumped out of bed to save the boat. This experiment and others helped Alfred Loomis show how emotional upset could change human brain waves.
In an interview with VOA, Russell called viruses “the last untapped bioresource as destructive bioagents against cancer.”
In an interview, Victor admitted to feeling guilt and shame about this work, calling it “wrong.”
In an interview, climatologist and co-author of the study Brendan Rodgers said the new figures need to be included if climate change is going to be addressed successfully.
In an oddly brotherly drunken gesture, Cole tried to give his roommate a noogie.
In an official game, each team uses eleven players, and can make three substitutions in official competitions.
In an old castle lived a king.
In an ongoing battle for territory between humans and wild tigers, tigers are the biggest losers. Rapidly shrinking habitats and poaching are decimating their populations.
In an optimal language, there should be a comprehensive set of tenses, aspects, moods, and evidentials—TAME—which are all optional for use. Whether they would be expressed as verbal conjugations or particles to complement invariant verbs is a question of architectural design.
In an ugly and unhappy world the richest man can purchase nothing but ugliness and unhappiness.
In an unusual move, this school's big band uses slide trumpets and valve trombones exclusively.
In an unusual move, this school’s big band uses slide trumpets and valve trombones exclusively.
In an upturn, the proportion of children eligible for free school meals falls.
In anatomy, the forearm is the section of the upper limbs from the elbow to the wrist.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
In ancient Greece and Rome, bisexuality was the default sexuality.
In ancient Hebrew, עַל and אַל were not homophones.
In ancient Rome, the bodyguards who surrounded the wealthy and powerful to protect them when they walked the streets, were called satellites.
In ancient Sparta, they threw children born deformed off a cliff.
In ancient times all the kings burdened the people with heavy taxes.
In ancient times cats were worshiped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
In ancient times letters were inscribed on clay tablets.
In ancient times people believed that the earth was flat.
In ancient times people used to sacrifice animals to their god here.
In ancient times, plagues killed many people.
In ancient times, slavery included all races throughout the world.
In ancient times, the ill effects of Israel’s transgressors often defeated entire nations, sometimes even more numerous than those who loved Jehovah and tried to do what was right.
In animal cells, centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell during prophase of cell division.
In announcing the Nobel, the Swedish academy praised Le Clezio for what it described as his "poetic adventure and sensual ecstasy" — singling out one of his works in particular, the 1980 novel, Desert.
In another dramatic turn of events at the Tokyo Games, one of the women in a 1,500-meter heat, fell over a runner who had fallen.
In another instant, Necile had caught the infant to her breast and was hurrying with it through the forest paths.
In another just-released study in the journal The Lancet Infectious Diseases, scientists in Thailand have found widespread malaria parasite resistance to artemisinin and combination therapies using artemisinin, considered the gold standard treatment.
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.
In another paragraph, he put in a comma.
In another situation, I would never have called you so late, but it's urgent.
In another six months you will be able to speak German fluently.
In another subset of studies involving 35,000 post-menopausal women who developed breast cancer, McTiernan said alcohol was found to be a greater risk factor.
In another time, there were poor farmers in that village.
In another twenty years, the United States will no longer be able to be the police for the world.
In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.
In another video, she uses grape skins to dye white cloth, sews a flowing purple maxi-dress, and dances in her beautiful, spacious country house.
In answer to her shouts, people ran to help her.
In answer to my question, Mary gave a silent nod.
In answer to the question whether he was good at football, Tom replied that he had two left feet.
In antiquity, architecture was beautiful and refined.
In antiquity, cauterization was the most used method for stopping serious hemorrhages.
In antiquity, on the Mediterranean shores of Gaul, there was a civilization still little known.
In any case I just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people.
In any case of doubt you can use the proposition "je."
In any case please stop using "pretty" when describing a man.
In any case why was it only mine that had a line in the LCD?
In any case you had better obey your parents.
In any case, Allah will give everyone their due. Good night, my lovelies.
In any case, I did my duty.
In any case, I don't like it because I don't!
In any case, I don't want you to worry.
In any case, I have fulfilled my duty.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
In any case, I should call.
In any case, I want to see it.
In any case, I won't change my mind.
In any case, I won’t change my mind.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
In any case, I'll have to go there tomorrow.
In any case, I'll inform you when he comes.
In any case, I've already entirely forgiven you.
In any case, I've finished writing the article.
In any case, I’ll call you tomorrow.
In any case, I’ll have to go there tomorrow.
In any case, I’ll inform you when he comes.
In any case, I’ve already entirely forgiven you.
In any case, catch the train tomorrow.
In any case, he's your big brother.
In any case, it doesn't matter to me.
In any case, it's a negative result.
In any case, it's always my fault.
In any case, it's her obsession.
In any case, it's his obsession.
In any case, it's no business of yours.
In any case, it's none of your business.
In any case, it's not like I brought harm to anyone.
In any case, it's too expensive.
In any case, it's too late.
In any case, it's troublesome, isn't it?
In any case, it's wrong to break a promise.
In any case, it’s always my fault.
In any case, it’s no business of yours.
In any case, it’s none of your business.
In any case, it’s too late.
In any case, it’s troublesome, isn’t it?
In any case, it’s wrong to break a promise.
In any case, just being wanted by the police isn't enough to make you "a criminal."
In any case, just being wanted by the police isn’t enough to make you "a criminal."
In any case, just tell me if you want to come to Tianjin for a vacation.
In any case, no one listened to his advice.
In any case, nobody will come due to this rain.
In any case, now I'm considering trying out some likely things.
In any case, now I’m considering trying out some likely things.
In any case, she'll have to be severely punished.
In any case, she's right on that point.
In any case, that's an illusion.
In any case, the program was a success.
In any case, the union has to compromise to a certain extent.
In any case, there's no one that can compare with Maradona.
In any case, they won't go far.
In any case, this has nothing to do with you.
In any case, we will come.
In any case, we'll go.
In any case, you are wrong in your conjecture.
In any case, you don't need to worry.
In any case, you have to leave early, whether you like it or not.
In any case, you have to study hard.
In any case, you must come here by ten.
In any case, you need to vote "yes" in the February 18th referendum.
In any case, you should come up to Tokyo.
In any case, you should see a doctor.
In any case, you're not a typical Norwegian.
In any decision one makes there is a weighing of options.
In any event, I want to see him.
In any event, I want to see it.
In any event, I will do my best.
In any event, we have nothing to lose.
In any field of endeavour, anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.
In any great organization it is far, far safer to be wrong with the majority than to be right alone.
In any industry a reputation can make or break people.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
In apartment buildings, mailboxes are sometimes overflowing with ads and letters never claimed.
In archaeology, it is important to keep findings intact and undamaged.
In arithmetic, the number resulting from an addition is called the sum.
In art the best is good enough.
In art, as in love, instinct is good enough.
In as much as he is busy, he can't meet you.
In as much as he is busy, he can’t meet you.
In asking voters to approve the new tax, the President appealed to reason.
In assessing scientific work, citation counts provide a more reliable indicator, than the impact factor of the journal in which it was published.
In at least six regions in Italy’s industrial north, schools and universities are closed.
In autumn all the leaves on the mountain change color.
In autumn some animals store food for the winter.
In autumn the leaves are red.
In autumn the leaves turn yellow.
In autumn the migratory birds fly south.
In autumn, leaves change color and fall.
In autumn, leaves change their color and fall.
In autumn, leaves fall from trees.
In autumn, leaves fall off trees.
In autumn, leaves turn red and gold.
In autumn, many birds fly south.
In autumn, many birds fly to warmer climates.
In autumn, many birds fly to warmer climes.
In autumn, many birds fly to warmer countries.
In autumn, many birds migrate to the south.
In autumn, some animals store food away for the winter.
In autumn, swallows fly to warmer countries.
In autumn, the leaf of the plant becomes a reddish color.
In autumn, the leaves change colour and fall off.
In autumn, the leaves change colour and fall to the ground.
In autumn, the leaves turn yellow and red.
In autumn, the leaves wilt and fall from the tree.
In autumn, the moon is beautiful.
In autumn, the moon is really beautiful.
In autumn, the moon is very beautiful.
In autumn, the mountain turns completely red.
In autumn, the swallows all fly to warmer countries.
In autumn, when the myrtle warblers return from Canada, they mostly haunt the regions where the juniper and bayberries are abundant.
In bad weather, one can easily catch a cold.
In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the ball.
In basketball, tall players have an advantage.
In bed she was aggressive, she bit me, scratched my back.
In believing him to be an honest man, I was seriously in error.
In between bad and good.
In bilingual dictionaries it's assumed that both languages are completely equivalent.
In billiards, you need to be aware of every carom.
In biology, if you have a male chromosome pair, you're a man. If you disagree with that, that's your problem, not the problem of the scientific world.
In biology, it is important to distinguish phenotype from genotype.
In biology, the students learn the difference between the genotype and the phenotype.
In biology, there is no third sex.
In black-influenced music genres, I still enjoy zouk and taarab.
In boardrooms across the country, executives discussed the new taxes.
In books lies the soul of the whole past time.
In books we seek freedom.
In books, we look for our own lives.
In both appearance and personality, Tom is exactly like his father.
In both cases, a person is portrayed by the reactionaries as an insignificant sliver, tossed from side to side by the raging elements.
In both popular culture and religious works, the end of the world is sometimes called the apocalypse or Armageddon.
In both the literal and figurative sense a donkey is hardier than a horse.
In bowling, a perfect game consists of twelve strikes in a row.
In boxing, jabs are less powerful than crosses and upper cuts.
In brief, I need money. Please lend it to me!
In brief, Sherlock lives.
In brief, Tom was wrong.
In brief, he was careless.
In brief, he was wrong.
In brief, if the individual accepts the values of democracy, he must also accept the responsibilities of democracy.
In brief, the party was splendid.
In brief, you should have accepted responsibility.
In brief, you should have accepted the responsibility.
In broken Berber, he welcomed us to the hotel.
In business today, too many executives spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't need, to impress people they don't even like.
In business today, too many executives spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t need, to impress people they don’t even like.
In calculus, the term varifold is a portmanteau of "variational manifold."
In calm, strength endures.
In calm, we find clarity.
In calm, we find power.
In calm, we find strength.
In calm, we find truth.
In calm, we prevail.
In calmness lies strength.
In came Mary.
In capitalism, a citizen is not obligated to shop.
In captivity, a giraffe may live up to 40 years old.
In captivity, giraffes live quite old.
In carrying out the plan, you should have reckoned with all possible difficulties.
In case I am late, please go ahead of me.
In case I am late, you don't have to wait for me.
In case I am late, you don’t have to wait for me.
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.
In case I can’t come, I’ll give you a call beforehand.
In case I don't survive, preserve my brain.
In case I forget, please remind me.
In case I miss the train, don't wait to start.
In case I miss the train, don’t wait to start.
In case anyone was unable to attend, I've attached the slides for yesterday's meeting.
In case anyone's interested, I don't plan to be here tomorrow.
In case anything happens, call me immediately.
In case he gives me a phone call, tell him that I will call him back.
In case it rains tomorrow, we should make another arrangement.
In case it rains, I won't go.
In case it rains, I won’t go.
In case my last text wasn't clear enough, I'm breaking up with you.
In case of a fire, use the stairs.
In case of a fire, use the steps.
In case of a fire, use this emergency stairway.
In case of a medical emergency, who should we contact?
In case of a medical emergency, would you like us to contact someone?
In case of a positive answer, we'll move to Moscow.
In case of an earthquake, turn off the gas.
In case of an emergency, call the police.
In case of an emergency, contact the police.
In case of an emergency, dial 110.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent right away.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.
In case of an emergency, phone me at this number.
In case of an emergency, push this button.
In case of an emergency, what number should I call?
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.
In case of contact with eyes, rinse with a large amount of water.
In case of danger, press this button.
In case of death, we'll drag them down with us.
In case of doubt, ask questions.
In case of doubt, they hesitated.
In case of emergency, break glass.
In case of emergency, call 119.
In case of emergency, call 911.
In case of emergency, call home.
In case of emergency, call the police.
In case of emergency, dial 999.
In case of emergency, do not use the elevator.
In case of emergency, press this button.
In case of fire, I would grab my flute and escape.
In case of fire, I'd grab my flute and escape.
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.
In case of fire, break the window.
In case of fire, break this window.
In case of fire, call 119.
In case of fire, call number one hundred and twelve.
In case of fire, dial 119.
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
In case of fire, don't use the elevator.
In case of fire, don't use the elevator. Use water.
In case of fire, please use this exit.
In case of fire, press this button.
In case of fire, push the button.
In case of fire, ring the bell.
In case of fire, telephone the fire station.
In case of fire, use the stairs.
In case of fire, you should dial 119 immediately.
In case of fire, you should dial 119.
In case of inclement weather, we'll hold the event in the gym.
In case of interest, don't hesitate to approach Tom.
In case of rain, the athletic meeting will be called off.
In case of rain, the game will be canceled.
In case of rain, the picnic will be held in the gymnasium.
In case of rain, we'll eat inside.
In case of the apocalypse, I plan to hole up in a department store and live on canned beans.
In case of trouble, please call me.
In case of trouble, you'll pay the price.
In case of whatever difficulty, you may ask.
In case something goes wrong, please take care of my children.
In case something happens to me, I'd like you to take care of my children.
In case something is not clear, please contact us.
In case the alarm rings, walk, don't run.
In case the refrigerator malfunctions, please read the operating instructions.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
In case there is an accident, report it to me at once.
In case you change your mind, give me a call.
In case you come to Rio, I will be your guide.
In case you couldn't tell, I love to eat.
In case you ever change your mind, let me know.
In case you forgot, I'm the one who lent you the money for the mortgage.
In case you go out before 5, just let me know.
In case you go to Rio, let me know. I'd like to be your guide.
In case you have been searching for help, it's on its way.
In case you have to leave, let us know beforehand.
In case you haven't noticed, I'm busy.
In case you haven't noticed, I'm kind of obsessed with that show.
In case you haven't noticed, I've been waiting for two hours.
In case you haven’t noticed, I’ve been waiting for two hours.
In case you need to leave, let us know beforehand.
In case you plan to visit the old Fort Worth, here's the dress code: both men and women wear almost exclusively jeans, cowboy boots, western hats and big-buckled belts.
In case you see her, please say hello to her for me.
In case you see him, give him my regards.
In case you see him, please say hello to him for me.
In case you sleep, set the alarm.
In case you want, I will do it.
In case you will need anything.
In case you're not aware, you destroyed our lives.
In case you're wondering, this isn't my natural hair color.
In castling, the king as well as a rook is moved.
In cats, grooming continues into adulthood.
In cats, grooming has hygienic benefits.
In certain cases, homosexuals in Uganda can be sentenced to life in prison.
In certain countries, it is extremely dangerous to express your own opinion.
In certain dark periods, especially in times of international warfare, joy threatens to vanish altogether from the earth. It is then the first duty of all peaceful folk to find and hold fast to joy, keeping it in trust for their embattled brothers.
In certain parts of the world, English has a special role.
In certain situations, going up is easier than coming down.
In certain situations, inferences are needed.
In certain specific cases it can be the right measure to take, but it is not something to be applied generally.
In certain specific cases it can be the right measure to take, but it's not something to be used in general.
In chapter five, William finally learned the truth about the antagonist's motives.
In chapter twenty-eight of these prophecies you have one of the most amazing, startling and terrible things in the Bible - the king of Tyre.
In chapter two, William learned more about the protagonist's background.
In charity there is no excess.
In checkers tournaments, each player's reflection time, defined by the competition rules, is controlled by a special clock, with two dials, equipped with a mechanism that, activated by the player who has just made the move, interrupts his timing and starts (restarts) the opponent's timing.
In checkers, the occupation of the center (squares d4, f4, c5, and e5) is of great strategic importance.
In checkers, the pieces move diagonally over the dark squares.
In chemistry, "I" can mean both iodine and iodide.
In chemistry, a phosphate is an anion, salt, functional group or ester derived from a phosphoric acid.
In chemistry, can nitrogen form a single bond?
In chemistry, the molar mass of a chemical compound is defined as the mass of a sample of that compound divided by the amount of substance in that sample, measured in moles.
In chess competitions, each player has a certain time, controlled by a clock, to make their moves.
In chess, castling may only be carried out when both the king and the involved rook have not been moved, all the squares between them are free and not dominated by any opposing piece and the king is not in check and would not be put in check by castling.
In chess, each army performs maneuvers to gain advantageous positions on the battlefield or to inflict material losses on the opponent.
In chess, gaining dominance over a given position can be more advantageous than making material gains.
In chess, harmonious coordination of attack and defense forces is of utmost importance.
In chess, it is almost always worth sacrificing material to gain dominance from an advantageous position on the battlefield.
In chess, it is essential to know the legacy of the great chess players.
In chess, one of the most important concepts is that of opposition, related to the distance (vertically, horizontally, or diagonally) that the kings keep from each other at the end of a game.
In chess, rooks can move vertically and horizontally, bishops move diagonally, and knights jump in the shape of an L.
In chess, the bishop is closer to the queen.
In chess, the bishops are closest to the kings.
In chess, the time factor is of utmost importance. The army that mobilizes its troops most quickly is the one with the greatest chance of winning.
In chess, the white side makes the first move.
In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.
In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.
In childhood, time passes slowly.
In church many people get on their knees to pray.
In church, social distancing will have to be maintained whether sitting or standing.
In city after city, big public meetings were held.
In civilized Europe, bulls are still tortured and killed for fun.
In class she's our teacher; after class she's our friend, and a good friend too.
In class she’s our teacher; after class she’s our friend, and a good friend too.
In class society, everyone lives as a member of a particular class, and every kind of thinking, without exception, is stamped with the brand of a class.
In class, they call each other by their Berber names.
In class, we used to call each other by our Berber names. That's why my name is Amastan.
In clear weather one can see Mount Fuji from here.
In clear weather, we can see the island from here.
In clockwise order the main directions are: Never Eat Shredded Wheat, or Never Eat Slimy Worms.
In cold countries like Canada and the UK, figs are considered an exotic fruit.
In cold weather fish stay fresh for longer.
In cold weather we must be sure to keep our bodies warm.
In cold weather, her joints become swollen.
In collecting together, for your use and benefit, some of the prudential maxims, and moral apothegms, of the ancient sages, the Publishers of this volume have been stimulated by an ardent desire to render this excellent mode of instruction as agreeable as possible; and, at the same time, to impress the precepts contained in the Fables more forcibly on your minds, they have endeavoured to make the embellishments worthy of your notice and examination.
In college, I fared ill with physics and well with chemistry.
In college, many students do all their work at the last minute.
In combat, each soldier carries one field dressing ready for immediate use.
In common usage, "economic freedom" often refers to unfettered economic exploitation.
In common usage, "spirit" and "soul" are often synonyms.
In common with many people he likes holidays.
In communism, the means of production are owned by the state.
In comparison to a colour print, a black and white print is less expensive.
In comparison to a colour print, a monochrome print is less expensive.
In comparison to him, I am still older.
In comparison to mastectomy, lumpectomy removes a smaller percentage of breast tissue.
In comparison to strawberries, pineapple also tastes good out of a tin.
In comparison to the other seats in the car, the driver's seat is not padded.
In comparison to which she's been in a really good mood recently.
In comparison to which she’s been in a really good mood recently.
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
In comparison with Yapyk, Toyplat is a little stronger.
In comparison with his brother he is not that big.
In comparison with his brother, he was shy.
In comparison with this, that is far better.
In comparison with yours, my car is small.
In comparison, being a couple is more fun than being all alone, you know.
In comparison, being a couple is more fun than being all alone.
In comparison, taking the train is cheaper.
In computer science, a method of investigation based on the progressive approximation of a problem is called a heuristic.
In computing, backup is the process of duplicating and securing the data contained in a computer system.
In conclusion, Ahn, it very much falls to you and me to set the tone for the work environment. I will do my bit to defuse the present climate and crack on with the job at hand. I hope I can rely on your support for this.
In conclusion, animal experimentation is both morally wrong and of limited practical value. It is morally far more costly than the cosmetic products it produces, significantly flawed as a tool for medical research, and its practice in the absence of similar human experimentation is an ethical double standard.
In conclusion, the next step is to decide what we should do for the next step.
In connection with this I can only reply, "it is just as you say."
In connectivity, energy, trade, investments, and other areas, the significance of deeper cooperation in bilateral and multilateral frameworks was underlined, and it was hoped that our relations would grow in a number of ways.
In consequence of a new agreement between two competitors, we need to readjust our strategies.
In consequence of some badly coded functions, the system is unstable most of the time.
In consequence, I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores.
In consideration of others, please don't smoke.
In consideration of others, please don’t smoke.
In contrast to "lernen", the German verb "studieren" means a deeper appropriation of knowledge.
In contrast to BBC and C4 News, ITV is not publicly owned.
In contrast to DNA, which only occurs in the nucleus, RNA is also found in the cytoplasm.
In contrast to English, which is Subject-Verb-Object, Japanese is Subject-Object-Verb.
In contrast to Mary, a forest elf, Jeanne was a dark elf.
In contrast to her, her husband didn't seem to be enjoying the shopping.
In contrast to her, her husband didn’t seem to be enjoying the shopping.
In contrast to his "not bad looks but seems a bit of a dandy" appearance, he didn't have a girlfriend and he wasn't particularly fast with the ladies.
In contrast to his "not bad looks but seems a bit of a dandy" appearance, he didn’t have a girlfriend and he wasn’t particularly fast with the ladies.
In contrast to his frightening looks, his voice was kind and calm.
In contrast to many other kinds of beetle, ladybirds generally don't produce a feeling of aversion in people. Why is that?
In contrast to many rumours, I don't know everything.
In contrast to the dog, the cat has become domesticated only in recent times.
In contrast to the scorching hells prevalent in religions around the world, there are Buddhist texts that mention ice-covered hells and purgatories.
In contrast to yesterday, it isn't hot at all today.
In contrast to yesterday, it isn’t hot at all today.
In contrast with many of his contemporaries, he’s not brash and boastful.
In contrast with you, I am able to recognize my mistakes.
In conventional superconductors, the Cooper pairs are responsible for superconductivity.
In conversation among the small grasses, do not offend the big tree.
In conversation, one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily.
In cookies, he only eats the filling.
In cooking we cannot hold a candle to the Chinese.
In copying this paper, be careful not to leave out any words.
In countries like Algeria, climate change will exacerbate droughts.
In countries like Algeria, climate change will make desertification worse.
In countries like Japan and China there is a rich tradition of painting wooden bowls, boxes and other objects with lacquer.
In countries like Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
In countries like Norway or Finland, in winter there's a lot of snow.
In countries such as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
In countries where there is a mild climate, less effort is expended on the struggle with nature and man is kinder and more gentle.
In countries with electoral colleges, citizens vote for representatives to pick heads of state for them, adding an extra layer to what would otherwise be a direct election.
In court facing charges of obscenity, the American actress Mae West was asked by the judge if she was trying to show disrespect to the court, whereupon she answered, "No, your honor, I'm trying not to show it".
In court facing charges of obscenity, the American actress Mae West was asked by the judge if she was trying to show disrespect to the court, whereupon she answered, "No, your honor, I’m trying not to show it".
In court, he has never shown remorse, but has mumbled incoherently and has made strange gestures.
In court, the judge will consider the evidence presented by both parties.
In cramped workshops in the inner city in Jaipur in northern India, young boys bend over low tables behind closed doors painstakingly sticking beads on bangles or embroidering fabrics.
In creating the human mind, the divine mind gave it the faculty to believe anything, even that the divine mind doesn't exist.
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
In crossing the street, you must watch out for cars.
In culinary, can you substitute sodium bromide for sodium chloride?
In culture, they are on the same plane as savages.
In currency trading in Asia, the euro firmed against both the U.S. dollar and the yen.
In daredevil car races, there are moments when the drivers place themselves between the devil and the deep blue sea, trying to take the lead.
In darkness, wisdom shines.
In days gone by, they'd make all types of balms in this pharmacy.
In days gone by, things were different.
In daytime, giraffes spend hours eating acacia leaves.
In debates, the middle ground holds wisdom.
In decrying the body as something evil, the flesh as the tempter to everything that is sinful, man has mutilated his being in the vain attempt to keep his soul pure, while his body rotted away from the injuries and tortures inflicted upon it.
In deleting his comments, censor-boy maims the record.
In desktop publishing, some software will allow a user to skew a word or phrase in order to slant the letters by 10 or 12 degrees from the vertical, while preserving the baseline.
In desperation, Sami called Layla.
In detail, I'm considering the meaning of the command "exist somewhat".
In developing countries, labor organizations have often been suppressed, and the growth of the middle class has been held back by corruption and underinvestment.
In dictionaries, "m.n." is abbreviation for masculine noun.
In difficult times like these, no ordinary degree of effort will get our company out of danger.
In difficult times, my family has always been by my side.
In difficult times, you found no one by your side.
In diplomacy there are two kinds of problems: small ones and large ones. The small ones will go away by themselves and the large ones you will not be able to do anything about.
In dog ethology the leader is called 'alpha'; after that it continues with 'beta' and 'gamma'.
In dog ethology the leader is called ’alpha’; after that it continues with ’beta’ and ’gamma’.
In doing anything, do your best.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
In doing so, he unburdened himself.
In doing that I was gaining nothing and was bringing myself into danger.
In doing things, we cannot be too careful.
In doing this, we cannot dispense with his help.
In downtown Los Angeles, shops with open fronts and their merchandise on the sidewalk beckon customers, as salesmen try to lure them with promises of bargains.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
In dreams, the bride searches for her beloved. She sees him arriving through the desert, and the groom highly praises her beauty.
In dry northern regions, the melting from winter snowpack is crucial for filling reservoirs, irrigating crops and providing drinking water.
In dry seasons she carried water from the brooks and pools and moistened the roots of her thirsty dependents.
In due course, eating meat will be considered as horrible as eating human flesh.
In due time, Tom's innocence will be proven.
In due time, his innocence will be proved.
In due time, his innocence will be proven.
In each Kabyle village, a swimming pool and a culture house must be built.
In each Kabyle village, you will undoubtedly build a swimming pool and a house of culture.
In each beehive there can only be one queen.
In each difficulty hides a solution.
In each human heart are a tiger, a pig, an ass and a nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
In each of us the genius will sleep.
In each of us there lies a dormant superhuman.
In each of us there lives the fiery soul of a warrior.
In each situation he made use of the talent that was most suited to the moment.
In earlier days travel was a pleasure. Now it's an industry.
In early December the army, with support from the United Nations, launched a major offensive against the renegades, pouring around 20,000 soldiers into the region.
In early autumn, the sunshine is still warm.
In early days pioneers lived in houses made of mud and straw.
In early times all books were copied by hand.
In early times, inventions were often stumbled upon by accident.
In early youth, as we contemplate our coming life, we are like children in a theatre before the curtain is raised, sitting there in high spirits and eagerly waiting for the play to begin.
In eastern India, an express train struck another train while stopping in a station; so far, 49 people have died.
In eastern Zimbabwe, years of neglect have left many plantations that once produced avocados, macadamia nuts, coffee and timber in a pitiful state.
In economics, people are labor.
In effect, CEOs and major shareholders of large companies are the government of the United States.
In effect, flowers are the creators of honey.
In eighteen ninety-eight, H.G. Wells published a science fiction novel called “The War of the Worlds.” In it, he described creatures from the planet Mars that had technology far beyond anything on Earth. Among their weapons was what Wells called a “heat ray.” Listen to actor Orson Welles describe the weapon in a famous radio broadcast of “The War of the Worlds” from nineteen thirty-eight.
In either case, survival involves climbing into a spherical aluminum pod, and buckling in for what is sure to be the ride of your life.
In either case, the division is real and useful; but it can also be misleading.
In elementary school, I was a prodigy and I was mostly the first or second best student in my class.
In elementary, high school, and a bit later, I studied irreality in the forms of fantasy and science fiction. When I voyaged to Japan, I found out that there was reality that was really interesting that I could not find elsewhere, and I learned about Buddhoanimism. Nevertheless, even as a child, I already had a tendency towards Buddhoanimism. My Philippine nickname was "Nonong." With this nickname, I intuitively learned Zen without knowing the concept really existed, and I learned about actual Zen only later as a teenager and beyond.
In emergency push button to alert staff.
In essence, a medicinal chemical is nothing more than a molecule that enables a therapeutic change in human physiology.
In ethical terms, a great many people are opposed to gene therapy.
In ethnic Iranian foods, you can see many products which are made of milk.
In every city and village, wherever there is human life, with its evil passions and good affections, there are histories to stir the heart and unseal the fountains of tears.
In every corner were boxes full of pearls and precious rocks.
In every direction the great snow-capped peaks hemmed them in, peeping over each other's shoulders to the far horizon. So steep were the rocky banks on either side of them that the larch and the pine seemed to be suspended over their heads, and to need only a gust of wind to come hurtling down upon them.
In every evil one can always find good.
In every hedge we passed were medlars, plumbs, cherries, and maples with vines trained to them. This abundance of fruit gives an air of great plenty, and likewise much improves the beauty of the country. The French fruit of almost every kind exceeds the English. An exception must be made with respect to apples, which are better in England than in any country in the world. But the grapes, the plumbs, the pears, the peaches, the nectarines, and the cherries of France, have not their equal all the world over. They are of course cheap in proportion to their abundance. The health of the peasantry may perhaps in good part be imputed to this vegetable abundance.
In every man there lives a little boy.
In every man, there are many flaws to correct.
In every other direction the moor is a complete wilderness, inhabited only by a few roaming gypsies.
In every period of transition this riff-raff, which exists in every society, rises to the surface, and is not only without any aim but has not even a symptom of an idea, and merely does its utmost to give expression to uneasiness and impatience.
In every problem hides a solution.
In every silence, there is understanding.
In every society, there are conservative and progressive elements.
In every society, we discern a series of socialization mechanisms to make our coexistence with the others possible.
In everyday life no one speaks in verse.
In everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities.
In everything, one receives only because of what one gives.
In everything, one should consider the end.
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
In examining a large number of minerals for helium, Strutt found that some samples of beryl, a beryllium aluminium silicate, contain a relatively very large amount of helium, but only traces of thorium, and were altogether inactive.
In exchange I gave her a doll.
In experiments in a semi-arid region of Mali, in West Africa, the bait—in this case a blend of boric acid with guava and honey-melon fragrances—was applied using a hand sprayer on the vegetation near a cluster of man-made ponds.
In experiments in which Sorensen was blindfolded and wore earplugs, he was able to detect how strongly he was grasping the different objects he picked up, as well as their shape and smoothness.
In fact I don't know anything about it.
In fact I don’t know anything about it.
In fact history does not belong to us but rather we to it. Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society, and state in which we live.
In fact it was Dove's painting, "Flour Mill II" that inspired another popular abstract painter, Sam Gilliam, to create a site-specific work for the museum's main stairwell, in time for its 90th anniversary.
In fact it would be good to start straight away.
In fact she lied.
In fact sleep is vital to us.
In fact the politician did not commit suicide, but he was rather "suicided".
In fact there are differences from person to person.
In fact you are quite right.
In fact you weren't the ones I congratulated.
In fact, Algeria has everything.
In fact, Grant did not agree.
In fact, I already have heartburn even though I ate only one jelly doughnut.
In fact, I am coming.
In fact, I am happy.
In fact, I bought it for me.
In fact, I did not know it.
In fact, I didn't help you at all.
In fact, I do have a request.
In fact, I don't know.
In fact, I don't like America.
In fact, I don't like him.
In fact, I don't think that was Tom.
In fact, I don't want to know anything.
In fact, I dream of such a tree in my garden.
In fact, I made three main prototype conlangs, Vling, Xoqolat, and Weena, respectively, my Orange Dream, my Chocolate Dream, and my Red Bonsai Dream, as experiments, mostly inspired by Lojban and Esperanto. Maybe for some, Lojban and Esperanto are like the city and the countryside. The happy boy said that it was a "garden path sentence by design." The city illumined in violet from the distance. The northern lights illumined in green above the countryside.
In fact, I receive email newsletters with difficult-to-read kanji, too. But I think that learning to read kanji that we don't see that often won't help us.
In fact, I risked nothing because I was going to move to another city and never meet them again.
In fact, I should thank you for this.
In fact, I studied all the contents.
In fact, I was born in Australia.
In fact, I was born in Boston.
In fact, I was there.
In fact, I was very disappointed with your grades.
In fact, I'd say just the opposite.
In fact, I'll even call George at the office and tell him he ought to come home and help out.
In fact, I'm awfully hungry now.
In fact, I'm coming.
In fact, I've heard that long hair is more likely to go bald!
In fact, I’ll even call George at the office and tell him he ought to come home and help out.
In fact, I’ve heard that long hair is more likely to go bald!
In fact, Koller says, the system identified previously unrecognized features on the biopsy slides that help predict how aggressive the cancer will be.
In fact, Marie Curie is Polish, not French.
In fact, Marie Curie was Polish, not French.
In fact, Tom didn't help us at all.
In fact, Tom is an idealist.
In fact, Tom lied.
In fact, Tom told me never to come back to his house again.
In fact, Tom told me you didn't like me.
In fact, Tom told me you were dead.
In fact, Tom worked it out by himself.
In fact, a group of their ancestors peopled a continent on the planet Earth about 250 000 of your Earth years ago.
In fact, almost every kind of winter sport was to be indulged in, with the exception of skating, for the king was averse to that amusement, and never included it in his entertainments.
In fact, an artist lacking in confidence and fortitude would lose focus after 2 or 3 hours.
In fact, as he got older, he got quieter and quieter.
In fact, both of you are right.
In fact, each person’s qualities are the same.
In fact, every child is in a way a genius, and every genius is in a way a child.
In fact, figs are mentioned in the Quran.
In fact, gorillas have many of the same feelings that people have.
In fact, he can't swim well.
In fact, he can’t swim well.
In fact, he didn't go to the church.
In fact, he didn't take the exam.
In fact, he even loved her.
In fact, he hardly ever complains about his college life.
In fact, he has never been to New York.
In fact, he is a nice fellow.
In fact, he is sick.
In fact, he is the one who helped us.
In fact, he lied.
In fact, he looked silly.
In fact, he loves her.
In fact, he too loved her.
In fact, he was lying.
In fact, he's a billionaire.
In fact, he's a multimillionaire.
In fact, he's a nice fellow.
In fact, he’s a billionaire.
In fact, in both San Francisco and New York, wealthy renters outnumber well-to-do buyers.
In fact, it had been a long time since I'd seen you.
In fact, it has been a difficult road for Halla, as well as her older sister, Janna. Last August, Janna, 2, underwent a similar multiple organ transplant to address the congenital disease. Since then, doctors say she has recovered well and has returned home with her father to the Haifa area in northern Israel.
In fact, it is even possible for a patient’s response to a drug product to vary based on changes in the physical attributes of the drug, referred to as the placebo or nocebo effects.
In fact, it is not unusual.
In fact, it was nothing more than a rumour.
In fact, it's a great surprise to see you here.
In fact, it's a mistake.
In fact, it's not as I imagined.
In fact, love is the only genuinely precious thing in life; it's also the only thing worthy of pursuit.
In fact, love is the only genuinely precious thing in life; it’s also the only thing worthy of pursuit.
In fact, many teachers were absent today. Only the younger teachers were at the gym.
In fact, my best friend is my brother.
In fact, no one knows us.
In fact, people are equal in their qualities.
In fact, she lied.
In fact, she's quite unreliable.
In fact, she’s quite unreliable.
In fact, the Jews today have a very small population.
In fact, the Portuguese language went through and continues to undergo change after change. This malleability correlates directly into liveliness and richness. Writing it correctly is the best way to respect it!
In fact, the absorption enhancement that we see is in the range of 20 to 50 times the single-pass absorbance.
In fact, the difference between British English and American English is probably more significant than that between standard Flemish and the standard Dutch of the Netherlands.
In fact, the inhabitants have been exposed to radioactive rays.
In fact, the man got angry.
In fact, the opposite is likely to happen.
In fact, the opposite is more likely to occur.
In fact, the sea has already risen 10 centimeters since the beginning of this century.
In fact, the stones are soft. They just tense up when they are touched.
In fact, the tabloids have called the duchess frumpy, dumpy and worse.
In fact, there are countless, varied uses for the Internet.
In fact, there is a joke about passport photos: If you really look like the picture in your passport, you certainly need a vacation!
In fact, there is every reason to believe he followed this course with the greatest of reluctance, aware of its pitfalls, and that he took every precaution that was humanly possible.
In fact, there's so much nanotechnology work being done in physics, medicine, chemistry, and engineering that scientists are worried about a nanobubble in which anything you can put a nano in front of is getting funded, whether there's merit to the research or not.
In fact, they're more than friends.
In fact, this does not seem to be true at all, except in a very trivial sense.
In fact, this is a major means of bureaucratic control.
In fact, this program is pretty interesting.
In fact, to listen to her, you would think the flesh hung from her shoulders like swags from a curtain rail.
In fact, to move at any speed the polar bear uses twice as much energy as do most other mammals.
In fact, we don't have any witnesses to the accident.
In fact, what is a language?
In fact, when I take care of my body I feel better.
In fact, when you pray the Lord’s Prayer, or the Our Father, asking for God’s Kingdom to come, you are praying for his heavenly government to rid the earth of wickedness and to rule over this new world.
In fact, why are you here now?
In fact, you are quite right.
In fact, you could do anything you wanted in order to get or keep the ball.
In fact, your deeds don't match your words.
In fact.
In fairness to Tom, he never claimed he could eat that much spaghetti in one sitting.
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes, for they in thee a thousand errors note, but ’tis my heart that loves what they despise, who in despite of view is pleased to dote.
In fall of 2016, many Americans began to form serious concerns regarding clowns.
In fall they go back to school.
In family photos, Ciham appears carefree. She poses casually for the camera, her hair pulled into a braided ponytail.
In fast food restaurants, condiments are often available in single-serving sachets.
In fear of his life, he abandoned his business in that neighborhood.
In feudal Japan, the lord with the largest land holdings was called a "daimyo."
In fifth grade we dissected frogs.
In first grade, we took a field trip to the zoo.
In five days, Kalman didn't see one person.
In five hundred meters turn left.
In five minutes I want to see you on the balcony.
In five minutes he drowned.
In five minutes it was all over.
In five minutes, it was all over.
In five years, Tom will be up for parole.
In flight, the airplane rotates about the center of gravity.
In football, he sends players home in body bags.
In football, it isn't always the best team or the team that played the best that wins.
In footnotes, book titles and journal names are written in italics.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
In foreign countries, especially in Western countries, students are encouraged to express and develop themselves as individuals.
In former days people walked from Edo to Kyoto.
In former days, men sold themselves to the Devil to acquire magical powers. Nowadays they acquire those powers from science, and find themselves compelled to become devils.
In former times one wore the national costume every day.
In four years, he's gonna be forty.
In fourteen hundred ninety-two, the Jews were expelled from Spain.
In fourteen ninety-two, the Jews were expelled from Spain.
In fourth grade we dissected crayfish.
In free countries, anyone can speak their mind, and everyone else has the right not to listen.
In freedom there’s hope.
In front of him was man.
In front of my aunt's house, a fat dog is sleeping.
In front of my house there is a charming patisserie.
In front of my house, there is a public garden.
In front of our house are two old chestnuts.
In front of the Buddhist Hall, a sign says: "Beware of all the life under your steps."
In front of the cameras I'm a little bit shy. When the cameras are off, I'm a different person.
In front of the camp were the fords of the Boyne deep and dangerous, protected by rugged banks, and defended by some breast-works; while the huts and hedges were lined with infantry on the rere; and at some distance arose the church and village of Donore, upon whose commanding heights King James in person was stationed.
In front of the embassy, there was a large blockade.
In front of the fireplace, they shared stories to forget the glacial winter nights.
In front of the house is a tree.
In front of the house, there's a small garden.
In front of the station is a large car park.
In front of the station there's a bank.
In front of the train station there's a bank.
In front of the train station there’s a bank.
In front of the university, there are some bookstores.
In front of the water fountain, there was a young woman accompanying herself on a guitar.
In front of the window was a small table holding a lamp, and in the center of the room another and larger one, designed to be used for cards when required, but generally strewn with books and papers.
In front of us is the young girl who witnessed the whole scene.
In front of us, above the walls, there was a large group of women.
In front of you, you can see Tiananmen Square.
In front, above the temple-gates I rear / the brazen shield which once great Abas bore, / and mark the deed in writing on the door, / "AEneas these from conquering Greeks hath ta'en".
In fulfilling the duties thus devolving upon him, he exhibited boundless zeal and singular mental vigor, as also ingenious resource in adapting his science to purposes of painting and sculpture.
In future I'd prefer to avoid sentences with quotation marks. That'll be better for the sentences and for me.
In future, be more careful with your money.
In future, how about we speak to each other in German?
In games of chance, it's very important to know the probabilities of events.
In general my friends call me Freddy.
In general the physical and mental form of conscious beings is an expression of the character of the planet on which they live. On certain very large and aqueous planets, for instance, we found that civilization had been achieved by marine organisms. On these huge globes no land-dwellers as large as a man could possibly thrive, for gravitation would have nailed them to the ground. But in the water there was no such limitation to bulk. One peculiarity of these big worlds was that, owing to the crushing action of gravitation, there were seldom any great elevations and depressions in their surface. Thus they were usually covered by a shallow ocean, broken here and there by archipelagos of small, low islands.
In general the relation between parents and children is essentially based on teaching.
In general the scene is one of placid beauty: even the rugged mountain sides are smoothed and softened by their covering of greenery, and the warm air and limpid water combine to produce an effect of quietude and repose, which the contented character of the Burman does little to disturb.
In general, English taxis are black.
In general, I prefer meatless meals.
In general, Japan has a mild climate.
In general, Japanese are hardworking.
In general, Russia suffers from a frightening poverty in the sphere of facts and a frightening wealth of all types of arguments.
In general, Susie is a nice student.
In general, Tom likes to do things himself.
In general, children are fond of candy.
In general, communication between doctors and their patients is the most important part of medical treatment.
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.
In general, do you prefer stripes or polka dots?
In general, everything is fine.
In general, generals run faster than soldiers.
In general, girls are better at language learning than boys.
In general, if any branch of trade, or any division of labour, be advantageous to the public, the freer and more general the competition, it will always be the more so.
In general, it may be said that he is a genius in music.
In general, kids like ice cream.
In general, little girls are fond of dolls.
In general, little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations.
In general, men are taller than women.
In general, men run faster than women.
In general, most windshield bullseyes are repairable.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
In general, people were against the consumption tax.
In general, people who generalize are imbeciles, but only in general.
In general, pigs are fat.
In general, populations downstream and upstream must be relocated in order to build a hydroelectric dam.
In general, she doesn't eat very much.
In general, she doesn’t eat very much.
In general, she is a trustworthy person.
In general, she is an early riser.
In general, strengthening the energy potential of this plant and the completion of all work in a short time demonstrates the strength, potential, calculations, and efficiency of our energy specialists.
In general, the English are extremely fond of their pets.
In general, the Japanese are polite.
In general, the law of least resistance is followed.
In general, the relationship between parents and children is essentially based on teaching.
In general, the university was a comfortable place, as the local population had higher intelligence on average than the rest of the metropolis.
In general, there is a six-year statute of limitations on federal tax crimes.
In general, things are all right.
In general, this elite group included only three to four men at a time.
In general, we drive too fast.
In general, wolves do not attack people.
In general, women live longer than men.
In general, women live ten years longer than men.
In general, women tend to live ten years longer than men.
In general, young people dislike formality.
In general, young people today are not interested in politics.
In geography class, the teacher showed a globe to the students.
In geometry, Anne met her Waterloo.
In geometry, a triangle's Fermat point is a point defined such that its total distance from the three triangle vertices is the minimum possible.
In getting her present job, she made capital of her father's connections.
In getting her present job, she made capital of her father’s connections.
In ghettos, police are powerless.
In gold we trust.
In good Western haiku, modeled off the original Japanese tradition, kireji are replaced with some sort of logical division.
In good time, after an interval so long that it seemed endless to the despairing first-aider, the breath came back into the reluctant lungs.
In good time, you will understand, but now we should join the others.
In grammar and vocabulary, some dialects differ considerably from the standard language.
In grammar and vocabulary, some dialects differ significantly from the standard language.
In grammar, a copula is often represented by the verb "to be".
In groups of three, write a paper in which you introduce a friend of yours.
In growing up, we discover that it is not always a good idea to tell the truth.
In gym class, Tom was afraid to out himself by staring too much at shirtless classmates.
In half a mile, turn left on Main Street.
In half a year she'll be going abroad.
In half an hour, she arrived.
In half an hour, the village was flooded.
In hard times like this, no ordinary effort can get our company out of the red.
In hard times, in sorrowful times, let's try doing something for other people.
In hard times, in sorrowful times, let’s try doing something for other people.
In hard times, you find out who your friends are.
In harmony with truth.
In haste we strive to quench the flame divine, / shaking the tresses of his burning hair.
In haste, he left the door open.
In heated pools, you can swim in the winter.
In heavy rain a light nylon tent is drier with a fly.
In heavy rain, the parks in Lulu Island become partially flooded.
In height he was rather over six feet, and so excessively lean that he seemed to be considerably taller.
In helicopters, the cyclic controls the tilt of the main rotor, producing pitch and roll.
In helicopters, yaw is controlled through the pedals, which alter the angle of attack of the tail rotor blades.
In her address, she spoke of unemployed people.
In her bedroom was a small table, and on that table was a small bottle.
In her birth country, she got a degree in economics.
In her book "Silent Spring," Miss Carson questioned the right of industrial companies to pollute without considering the effects on the environment. Miss Carson argued that this kind of pollution would result in ever-decreasing populations of birds and other wildlife. She said this would lead to the loss of the wonderful sounds of nature. The chemical poisoning of the environment, she said, would cause a silent spring.
In her book, "In the Land of Invented Languages," Arika Okrent speaks favourably about Esperanto.
In her boutique Mary's Fashion House, Mary sells clothes that she herself has designed.
In her despair, she prayed the Gods to convert her into a bird before she reached her home.
In her dreams, Jessica has a gorgeous boyfriend.
In her elementary school days, Mary dreamed of becoming a teacher.
In her elementary school days, Mary dreamt of becoming a teacher.
In her eyes, I saw the flames of passion that captured my heart instantly.
In her first playthrough, Mary played as a male character. In her second, she played as a female character.
In her free time, she likes to be on the Internet.
In her grief, she burst into tears.
In her heart, she keeps a secret wound.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
In her job, she designs electrical circuits.
In her job, she supervises 30 employees.
In her latest works she lets the uncanny swing like a grotesque pendulum from the humorous into homelike cosiness and back again.
In her leisure time, she enjoys swimming and tennis.
In her misery, Mary looked to her husband for help.
In her most recently published book, the author praises the French language.
In her native country, she got a degree in economics.
In her notebook, she drew a copy of the picture that was in the book.
In her opinion, he is the best musician she has ever seen.
In her opinion, she is not wrong.
In her panic, Anna knocked over a stack of papers on her desk, scattering them across the floor.
In her presence, your vision becomes clouded, unable to perceive any wrongdoing or faults.
In her right hand was gripped a suspicious looking rod that practically radiated "I'm a magical girl item".
In her right hand was gripped a suspicious looking rod that practically radiated "I’m a magical girl item".
In her search for the truth, she jumped from one extreme to another.
In her second interview, she said she was as nervous as a cat.
In her second novel, the characters have grown up.
In her speech, she emphasized the issues directly related to practice.
In her speech, she emphasized the issues that had direct relevance to practice.
In her study, there are hundreds of books.
In her time, Mary was considered one of the most beautiful women in the world.
In her work as an illustrator, she illustrates for the most part children's books.
In her youth, Mary played the penny whistle.
In her youth, my mother was very beautiful.
In here, I look like a madman who just escaped from the lunatic asylum.
In hierarchical organizations like the military, many techniques are used to integrate new members into the team.
In high altitudes, people find it hard to breathe.
In high school he was called a "monster" and was even highly thought of by recruiters.
In high school, French was my favorite subject.
In high school, I knew a lot of jokes.
In high school, I trained my voice to be higher, because I felt that it better suited my childish spark and silliness.
In high school, I won the Osaka and Kinki championships in cross-country skiing and Nordic combined skiing on countless occasions.
In high school, Tom was better at playing the trombone than Mary was.
In high school, he alienated all his friends with his constant mocking.
In high school, my gang included the mulatto Jamaican Graeme, the intellectual Russian-Scot Kenneth, the Hokkien-speaking Chinese-Filipino Philip, and myself. We often ate lunch together. We played video games and computer games. Our favourite board game was Risk, whose objective was land conquest. Graeme lived in a townhouse complex with a nice swimming pool, in which we swam.
In high school, my language elective was French, as I waited to learn Japanese and Spanish from a big university.
In high school, the girl that I had a crush on had a crush on Tom.
In high spirits having passed their exams, the A-level students went out and painted the town red.
In him was life, and that life was the light of man.
In him was life, and that life was the light of men.
In hindsight it is hard to decide whether this project was a failure or whether its side benefits made it a success.
In hindsight, I'm glad they persuaded me to take part.
In hindsight, it appeared to be an attempt to strengthen Nixon’s lead in the election.
In hindsight, she wished she had acted differently.
In hindsight, this was a mistake.
In his 1812 Overture, Tchaikovsky used the melody of the Marseillaise as the theme for the French invasion.
In his 70-year career, Wright designed 1,114 architectural works, 532 of which were actually built by the time he died in 1959.
In his Christmas message to the world, delivered indoors rather than, as customary, the balcony of Saint Peter's Basilica, Pope Francis said that in these times of darkness and uncertainty due to the pandemic, there are some lights of hope, like the discovery of vaccines against COVID-19.
In his Epiphany homily Monday in St. Peter's Basilica, Francis encouraged people to focus on serving others, not themselves.
In his Prolegomena, Immanuel Kant credited Scottish philosopher David Hume with having woken him from his "dogmatic slumber".
In his Veterans Day message, former president Barack Obama tweeted, “To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and sacrifice.” “But all of us can do our best to live up to the American values of service, responsibility, generosity, and citizenship that you helped defend,” he added.
In his academic paper, Mark introduced his research methodology.
In his address at Sophia University, the pope said he sensed in Japan a desire to create a more humane, compassionate and merciful society.
In his address, Macron spoke of the sacrifices of lives made a century ago in the four years of carnage in Europe.
In his autobiography, he repeatedly refers to his unhappy school days.
In his autobiography, the author describes his mistake.
In his book Cat's Cradle, Kurt Vonnegut said that "science is magic that works."
In his book Star Maker, Olaf Stapledon speculated that some advanced civilizations elsewhere in this universe do not survive their experimentations with technology of advanced physics.
In his book, Huygens described Saturn as being "surrounded by a thin flat ring."
In his book, Pietro defended pedophilia.
In his books, he would often fulminate against the government and its policies.
In his boyhood, Yasunari Kawabata took care of his grandfather.
In his business he cannot do without a car.
In his business, he can't do without a car.
In his childhood, he went to the ocean every summer.
In his childhood, he went to the sea every summer.
In his country people can receive the death penalty for having poor vocabulary.
In his country, a birthday was celebrated not just for a day, but for a whole week.
In his delirium, Fyodor was haunted by images of his deceased brother.
In his drowsiness he stumbled over his cat.
In his early days he was known as a great pianist.
In his essay "Esperanto: European or Asiatic language" Claude Piron has shown the similarities between Esperanto and Chinese, thereby putting to rest the notion that Esperanto is purely eurocentric.
In his eyes she eclipses and predominates the whole of her sex.
In his eyes, she was perfect.
In his face is the same alarm I see in the faces of other small-business owners wondering whether they will survive the economic impact of coronavirus.
In his face!
In his fantasy, Mars is like Australia.
In his fantasy, he imagined he was a famous writer.
In his father's house, every prince is great.
In his films he was uproariously funny, but in his private life, Tom was said to have been an intensely serious man.
In his first foreign trip since taking office last month, Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga was in Hanoi Monday for bilateral talks with his Vietnamese counterpart, reaching agreements on strengthening economic and security cooperation.
In his first playthrough, Tom got a bad end.
In his forties and fifties, a man is still a toddler.
In his free time, he likes to be on the Internet.
In his hand, lead became gold.
In his haste he left the door open.
In his head, an explosive mixture was forming of feelings of inferiority and visions of omnipotence.
In his heart he grows the plant of longing.
In his heart of hearts Tom knew he'd done the wrong thing.
In his heart of hearts, he didn't believe it.
In his heart of hearts, he doesn't believe it.
In his heart, Tom knew he'd never return.
In his heart, Tom knew that he would never return.
In his heart, Tom knew that he'd never return.
In his heart, he knew better.
In his home country of Argentina, fans gathered to pay tribute to Maradona, who died at age 60 of a heart attack.
In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
In his huge, hairy hands, a long whip, made of green snakes and black cats' tails twisted together, swished through the air in a dangerous way.
In his interactions with others, he's never himself.
In his interviews, Pack often pointed to an investigation by his aides of VOA's Urdu language service for airing a Biden campaign ad, as an example of that bias.
In his lectures, Professor Hunter prefers to study the blackboard rather than look at his students.
In his lengthy career, he had never seen the market so high.
In his life, he likes to go slowly.
In his lifetime, my father had been my worst enemy.
In his little isolated hut, he found a strange comfort in loneliness.
In his message, Francis added that he was coming to Iraq “as a pilgrim of peace in search of fraternity, animated by the desire to pray together and to walk together, also with brothers and sisters of other religious traditions, in the land of Father Abraham, who unites Muslims, Jews and Christians in one family.”
In his message, Pope Francis also turned his thoughts to the many children who all over the world, particularly in Syria, Iraq and Yemen, still pay the high price of war.
In his message, the pope said, there are still too many wars and too much violence in the world today. He prayed that God may help people overcome the mindset of war.
In his notebook he records interesting thoughts that occur to him from time to time.
In his office, Yuri told Martha about everything.
In his old age, Appius Claudius faced the additional challenge of being blind.
In his old age, Tom completely lost his mind.
In his opinion Brasilia was a failure in many ways.
In his opinion Brasilia was a failure in many ways. The city did not turn out the way the planners intended and is not thought of very highly by either its own inhabitants or other Brazilians.
In his opinion, Robin Hood was neither a Saxon malcontent nor the hero of a poet's romance; nor yet was he 'a goblin or a myth.'
In his opinion, the eurozone is disintegrating.
In his opinion, the plan is far from perfect.
In his opinion, the time will come soon when people will suffer from a water shortage.
In his opinion, there are few risks.
In his own farewell address, George Washington wrote that self-government is the underpinning of our safety, prosperity, and liberty, but "from different causes and from different quarters much pains will be taken…to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth."
In his paintings, Yanni depicted multiple angles of the same object.
In his paintings, he uses the colours of autumn.
In his pendantic zeal, he found mistakes that didn't exist.
In his philosophy he was mainly concerned to defend Plato against the followers of Aristotle.
In his pictures, the same motives can be seen.
In his pockets there is no pipe, no tobacco, and no tobacco tin either.
In his retirement speech, Tom said he wanted to be a family man who plays football rather than a footballer with a family.
In his rush, Ziri left his diary in the hallway.
In his school days he wasn't as gentle as he is now.
In his school days he wasn’t as gentle as he is now.
In his science fiction story, everyone in China speaks Esperanto at least as a second language.
In his shoes, I also would have left you.
In his song "People", Matoub (may he rest in peace) said: "Many people expected to have food and shelter from those they considered loved ones, but ended their night outside."
In his spare time, Tom keeps busy as a troll in internet forums.
In his spare time, Tom loves to play soccer, hang out with his friends, and listen to music.
In his speech he dwelt on the importance of education.
In his speech, he cast aspersions on all religions except his own.
In his student days, Tom was as poor as a church mouse.
In his studio he is surrounded by dozens of paintings, all in the same heavy colors, depicting gray ghetto scenes and indistinct figures.
In his tavern The Spud Inn, Tom offers a wide range of potato dishes.
In his time, he was an anonymous writer.
In his twenties, George Washington began losing one tooth about every year. When he was inaugurated as president, he had only one natural tooth left.
In his veins runs water, not blood.
In his view, the domination by English is a threat to the heritage of humanity. It poses an even worse risk: This "single language" will lead to a "single thought" obsessed with money and consumerism.
In his whole life my father has never been ill.
In his will he provided that they who succeeded to this lot of ground should forfeit it if they cut down the palm.
In his will, he left a fortune to his wife.
In his will, he left the car and the house to his cat.
In his wrinkled face could be seen the marks of a past filled with suffering.
In his younger days he worked very hard.
In his youth, Mennad was not a good person.
In his youth, Tom was a real heartbreaker.
In his youth, he had shown great promise.
In his youth, he led a miserable life.
In his youth, my dad was a hooligan.
In his youth, part of a lung was removed.
In hockey and soccer, goals are counted as points.
In hockey, there are periods rather than halves.
In honor of all the hard work we raised a toast to our first day in our new home!
In honor of tomorrow's Esperanto club meeting, I baked a cake with white frosting and a green star in the center.
In honour of the day Liisa and Markku cracked a bottle of champagne together.
In hopes of attaining superhuman powers, Christopher Columbus once stared at the sun for five minutes straight. It didn't work.
In hopes of attaining superhuman powers, Christopher Columbus once stared at the sun for five minutes straight. It didn’t work.
In hospitals, the equipment and appliances most often needed for life-threatening emergencies is kept together on a crash cart.
In hot weather, water evaporates more quickly.
In hot weather, water evaporates quickly.
In hotels, it's customary to install wall-to-wall carpeting.
In how many strokes do you swim 100 meters?
In human history, economic wars often turned into real ones.
In humans, a retroverted uterus is oriented towards the spine or back of the body, hence the colloquial terms 'tipped' or 'tilted' uterus.
In humans, spermatozoa can survive in the female body for several days.
In humans, the eyes act together with the brain.
In humans, the eyes act together with the brains.
In hunter-gatherer societies, people take care of each other.
In hyperthyroidism, or high thyroid gland activity, the gland removes iodide ions from the blood stream more rapidly than normal.
In ideal conditions, giant kelp can grow up to 18 inches per day.
In imputing too much importance to the seductive dulcet of Mary's voice, Tom had altogether overlooked the devastating effect that her excellent posture could have on an unprepared heart.
In informal, everyday speech, the word "literally" is often used incorrectly as an intensifier.
In intelligence he is second to none.
In interesting places you can always meet tourists from around the world.
In interpersonal relations, nothing is more important than the ability to evoke sympathy.
In interviewing John for the job, we must take into account that he has very bad eyesight.
In interviews with conservative media and talk shows and a January 15 op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, Pack defended his actions, saying he was working to address long-standing security concerns at the agency and perceived liberal bias in VOA content.
In its "Eleven Five Plan" (2006 to 2010), the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pledged to implement phone connections in every village and Internet connections in every town.
In its 2018 Living Planet Report, the World Wildlife Fund cites deforestation, climate change and a rise in pollution for the decline among 16,700 wildlife populations between 1970 and 2014.
In its 2020 report, “Democracy under Lockdown,” Freedom House found that 91 out of 192 countries imposed some form of restriction on media as part of their official pandemic response.
In its 3,000-year history Istanbul has faced plagues and invasions. It is now bracing itself for this latest challenge.
In its annual report released last month, the FAO said 22 countries, including 17 in Africa, are suffering from extremely high rates of hunger. The agency said the proportion of undernourished people in sub-Saharan African is 30 percent, the highest percentage of any region in the world.
In its broadest sense communication includes all forms of transmitting thoughts or feelings between people.
In its graphical representation, the normal distribution is a bell-shaped curve, with the value growing as one moves closer to the middle and decreasing as one moves away.
In its home country of Germany, the hot dog was called the frankfurter.
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
In its more extreme variants, cis ideology can include denial of the empirical reality of intersex and transgender people.
In its preparation we have gratefully made use of comments from many students of Interlingua, especially Mr. Erich Berger of New York City, Mr. Woodruff W. Bryne of Caracas, and Dr. Eugen Wüster of Vienna.
In its ruling, the court said an extramarital affair was a private matter between adults and is still a valid reason for divorce.
In its struggle for power the proletariat has no other weapon but organisation.
In its tweet, JPL reported the craft climbed to a height of 10 meters over the martian surface and flew a 450-meter round trip for a total flight time of 169 seconds.
In its twenty-year history, my country has had three presidents. I took pride in the first, was unimpressed by the second, and am positively disgusted by the third. If the pattern holds, I doubt that our fourth president will even be human.
In itself idleness is not the root of all evil. Quite the opposite, in fact, it’s a downright godly existence, as long as one isn’t bored.
In itself it was insignificant, but its consequences were vast.
In itself it was insignificant; it had, however, untold consequences.
In itself, it was insignificant, but its consequences were immeasurable.
In itself, it's not a bad thing.
In jail, you never know what the next day holds.
In joyful strains then let us sing: â€œAdvance Australia Fair!â€
In joyful strains then let us sing: “Advance Australia Fair!”
In judging his work, we must take account of his lack of experience.
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
In judging his work, you should make allowances for his lack of experience.
In judo, technique is more important than strength.
In junior high and high schools, they say insidious forms of bullying are on the rise.
In junior high school, Tom was a better student than Mary was.
In junior high school, Tom was a better student than Mary.
In just a few moments, he'll be landing in Abuja.
In just a few weeks, Tom will be a free man.
In just a few weeks, of course, the leaves will fall to the ground, and autumn will turn into winter. Snow will cover Shenandoah’s mountains and forests. The bright colors of autumn will fade, and leaf peepers will have to wait another year for their favorite season.
In just a moment, it seemed like everything stopped.
In just a week, Amanda became the most popular girl in school.
In just eight years, we've halved our dependence on foreign oil; we've doubled our renewable energy; we've led the world to an agreement that has the promise to save this planet.
In kendo, two people, each equipped with a bamboo sword, contend with each other.
In killing Layla, Fadil used three different knives.
In know you don't think about this at all.
In lab experiments, when researchers blocked that pore the parasite stopped growing and eventually died.
In labor negotiation union leaders play an important role.
In laboratory experiments, the research group tested a variety of essential oils from eight plants, including thyme, basil, peppermint and cinnamon.
In language textbooks, there are often only good people.
In large cities, in London for instance, there is heavy smog.
In large size stars, nuclear fusion will continue until iron is formed. In stars, iron acts like an energy sponge. It soaks up the star's energy. This energy is eventually released in a big explosion called a supernova.
In late 2008, voters approved a new constitution, Ecuador's 20th since gaining independence.
In late 2018, my 72-year old dad was diagnosed with cancer of the trachea.
In late 2018, things started to sour for the Bouteflika political.
In late August, the Allied forces captured Paris.
In late August, they set off on a long journey for breeding.
In late November, they attacked Finland.
In late October 1912, 15-year-old Agnes White, left her home on the St. Regis Mohawk reservation in northern New York to begin five years of vocational training at the Carlisle Industrial Indian School in Pennsylvania.
In late autumn this road was always muddy and wet.
In late summer and autumn one can see the leaves change colour.
In late summer, the forests of Finland are filled with wild berries.
In later stages of pregnancy, blood can be taken from the umbilical cord to test for a range of hereditary conditions.
In later years, I confess that I do not envy the white boy as I once did.
In later years, other high-end models were produced.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.
In law, a lien is a form of security interest granted over an item of property to secure the payment of a debt or performance of some other obligation.
In legal documents, difficult words and phrases are often used.
In legal terms, children are called "issue."
In legal terms, the "preponderance of evidence" is a lower standard of proof than "clear and convincing evidence".
In less than a year, she went from straight A's to skipping school.
In less than eight months, you'll think completely differently.
In less than one week, they surrendered.
In liberalism you can do anything, you just can't be non-liberal.
In lieu of sleep, I spent last night thinking about cheese.
In lieu of the preposition "je" one can also use the accusative without a preposition.
In life as with omelets, the timing is important.
In life everything is relative. A hair on the head isn't much; in the soup it's a lot.
In life full of care, there is no time to stop and stare.
In life there are ups and downs.
In life, exams never end.
In life, good and evil clash relentlessly.
In life, if you don’t risk anything, you risk everything.
In life, it's better to want what you don't have than to have what you don't want.
In life, not everyone will enjoy your company, nor will appreciate you for what you are inside yourself.
In life, nothing comes without a struggle.
In life, nothing is to be feared, everything is to be understood.
In life, some people will choose to naturally ghost you because they don't like the vibe you give off.
In life, there are many things more important than work.
In life, there are rights and duties.
In life, we have exams on a daily basis.
In life, you can't get liked by all the people you come across, and that's perfectly fine.
In life, you can't get yourself liked by all the people you meet in daily life, and that's a perfectly okay thing.
In life, you gain and lose things, but also can't force things to happen.
In life, you have to befriend people who want your well-being and erase all the rest.
In life, you have to carefully and wisely pick your friends and people you want to spend quality time with.
In life, you will get disliked by some people and you will be loved by some others, that's just how life works.
In light of his lack of abilities we cannot expect him to succeed.
In light of his youth the police have decided not to charge him.
In light of recent events, it makes sense.
In light of this tragedy, I extend my deepest condolences to you, the families and loved ones of those who lost their lives, and the entire American people, on behalf of myself and the people of Azerbaijan, and wish the injured a speedy recovery.
In like manner he commanded the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying: Speak ye the same words to Esau, when ye find him. And ye shall add: Thy servant Jacob himself also followeth after us; for he said: I will appease him with the presents that go before, and afterwards I will see him, perhaps he will be gracious to me.
In like manner the Muse first of all inspires men herself; and from these inspired persons a chain of other persons is suspended, who take the inspiration.
In linguistics, "conjugation" refers to the production of forms of a verb.
In linguistics, the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis states that there are certain thoughts of an individual in one language that cannot be understood by those who live in another language.
In linguistics, the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis states that there are certain thoughts of an individual in one language that cannot be understood by those who speak another language.
In linguistics, the term "aspect" refers to the way an action denoted by a verb extends over time.
In literature, there are three topics: love, death, and flies. Since the dawn of man, that feeling, that fear, these presences have always been alongside him. Others deal with the first two. I take care of the flies, which are better than men, but not women.
In living through these uncertain times, it is necessary to be flexible and not be a captive to traditional values.
In living through this "great epoch," it is difficult to reconcile oneself to the fact that one belongs to that mad, degenerate species that boasts of its free will. How I wish that somewhere there existed an island for those who are wise and of good will! In such a place even I should be an ardent patriot.
In looking back, I feel deeply grateful to my parents.
In looking through the mist, I caught a glimpse of my future.
In love affairs, things heat up fast.
In love as in life, every decision one makes has consequences.
In love's war, he who flies is conqueror.
In love, small gestures count more than big words.
In love, there are only beginnings.
In love, who doubts accuses.
In mainland China, where the economy has continued to soar, despite the global slowdown, lunar celebrations began Monday night, with spectacular public fireworks.
In making a cake, you must use eggs, butter and sugar.
In making a decision, I rely not on logic but on instinct.
In making this abridgement of Boswell's Life of Johnson I have omitted most of Boswell's criticisms, comments, and notes, all of Johnson's opinions in legal cases, most of the letters, and parts of the conversation dealing with matters which were of greater importance in Boswell's day than now.
In many African countries south of the Sahara there is poverty.
In many African countries south of the Sahara, poverty exists.
In many Algerian towns, running water is available for just a few hours each day.
In many English words, there are letters that aren't pronounced.
In many English words, there are letters that aren’t pronounced.
In many U.S. states, it's easier to become a cop than to become a barber.
In many U.S. states, teenagers can get married to adults.
In many areas, there was little food and the people were hungry.
In many cases I don't agree with him.
In many cases, buyers did not understand that the low variable interest rates would eventually rise to higher levels, greatly increasing their monthly payments. That is part of the reason that home loan delinquencies and foreclosures are on the rise.
In many cases, doing that is impossible.
In many cases, refugees were highly educated professionals in their former home nation.
In many cases, the image that comes to mind when you listen to music is that of the CD's artwork.
In many cases, the image that comes to mind when you listen to music is that of the CD’s artwork.
In many cases, wolves tell others that those are wolves.
In many countries it is normal for all television programmes to have subtitles.
In many countries today there is a problem of violence.
In many countries women have still not achieved equal status to men.
In many countries, a parent-teacher association, or PTA, is an organization whose goal is to help parents participate in their child's education.
In many countries, being gay is a cause for imprisonment.
In many countries, buying or smoking cannabis is forbidden by law.
In many countries, health is not taken seriously.
In many countries, judges are designated through appointment.
In many countries, over eighteen years old is an adult.
In many countries, the death penalty is the most severe punishment.
In many countries, the main reason that people come to big cities is because of work.
In many countries, the poor pay more taxes as a percentage of their income than the rich.
In many countries, whenever a group of people from various language backgrounds get together, English is usually the language that is spoken.
In many cultures, accountants aren't thought of as an exciting lot.
In many cultures, accountants aren’t thought of as an exciting lot.
In many cultures, it's considered rude to ask a woman her age.
In many cultures, men and women dress differently.
In many dialects of English, the letter Z is pronounced "zed", not "zee".
In many games, a headshot is an instant kill.
In many jurisdictions, banks are not allowed to charge overdraft fees and must simply refuse to pay any charges that are higher than the customer's balance.
In many languages the way dictionary-form words end is fixed; in Japanese they end in a 'u row' character.
In many languages the way dictionary-form words end is fixed; in Japanese they end in a ’u row’ character.
In many languages, domestic cats are named after the "meow" sound they make.
In many languages, it is difficult to produce text or speech that does not give away one's gender.
In many languages, it is difficult to speak or write without revealing one's gender.
In many languages, it is difficult to write in the first person without giving away one's gender.
In many languages, such as Portuguese, German, French, Spanish, and Italian, the verb ending changes according to who is doing the action. So the patterns of the verb have to be learned.
In many of the Hollywood movies, people survive the disaster even though the world has changed.
In many of the places he visited there were Y. M. C. A. gymnasiums, and there Joe paid a small fee for the privilege of using the trapeze or the bars.
In many old movies the heroine is always the one to die.
In many parts of the world it is illegal to shoot wild game such as deer, moose or pheasant.
In many parts of the world, there is not enough food to meet everyone's needs.
In many parts of the world, there is not enough food to meet everyone’s needs.
In many parts of the world, there isn't enough food to meet everyone's needs.
In many parts of the world, there's not enough food to meet everyone's needs.
In many places blind persons sell lottery tickets.
In many places in Algeria, people still wear traditional clothes.
In many places in China, there were temples of the dragon-king.
In many places it isn't legal to walk a dog on the beach.
In many places it isn’t legal to walk a dog on the beach.
In many places of the Muslim world, Muslims protected Jews.
In many places of the Muslim world, Muslims provided protection and hospitality to Jews who had been persecuted in the West.
In many places, nature is being threatened by human activity.
In many places, nature is threatened by human activity.
In many places, this work contains asterisks within words (as a form of censorship?) or to represent missing fragments of text.
In many plays, the villain acts as a foil to the hero.
In many religions adultery is a sin.
In many religions, masturbation is considered a sin and an impure act.
In many respects, Tom resembles his father.
In many respects, women and men are completely different.
In many respects, women and men are totally different.
In many restaurants in Turkey, kebab is the main entree.
In many scenes in the novel, a gentle humour is on display.
In many shops and businesses discounts are now given to senior citizens.
In many third world countries it's the parents who decide on the partner for their child.
In many ways time is more valuable than money.
In many ways, animals can do things better than people can.
In many ways, something can be said in Toki Pona.
In many ways, these fossils are the 'smoking gun' just before the emergence of our own genus.
In many ways, these fossils are the ’smoking gun’ just before the emergence of our own genus.
In marking the International Day of Forests, environmentalists are calling for the restoration of forests and their life-giving biodiversity systems which, they say, are under increasing threat from illegal exploitation.
In marking the World Day to Combat Desertification and Drought, the United Nations is calling for better land management and regreening initiatives to tackle the twin disasters.
In marriage there should be equal give and take.
In marriage there will be no peace if "mine" and "yours" rules.
In marriage, one can share the worries that were never had alone.
In marriage, settling down benefits men more than women.
In married life three is company and two none.
In math class I sometimes don't even understand what exactly I don't understand.
In mathematics and English, he is second to none in the class.
In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm is an unambiguous specification of how to solve a class of problems.
In mathematics he was head and shoulders above all the others.
In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.
In mathematics, a module is one of the fundamental algebraic structures used in abstract algebra.
In mathematics, a quiver is a digraph.
In mathematics, a quiver is a directed graph.
In mathematics, a real number is a value of a continuous quantity that can represent a distance along a line.
In mathematics, a straight line is defined by two points.
In mathematics, an abelian group, also called a commutative group, is a group in which the result of applying the group operation to two group elements does not depend on the order in which they are written.
In mathematics, an algebra over a field is a vector space equipped with a bilinear product.
In mathematics, he is an ace.
In mathematics, the binary logarithm (log₂ n) is the power to which the number 2 must be raised to obtain the value n.
In matters of security, it is Tom who is responsible.
In me the tiger sniffs the rose.
In medical investigation, one of the biggest problems is isolating the cause of the illness.
In medical research, one of the first problems is to isolate the cause of the disease.
In medicine and in manufacturing, in education and communications, we’re experiencing a transformation of how human beings live on a scale that recalls the revolutions in agriculture and industry. And as a result, a person born today is more likely to be healthy, to live longer, and to have access to opportunity than at any time in human history.
In medieval Germany, kings were elected.
In medieval times, empiricists were often considered charlatans.
In medium size stars, after the nuclear fusion has used up all the fuel it has, gravity will pull the remaining material closer together. The star will shrink. It is then called a "white dwarf".
In memory of his Naiad, he had previously ornamented the fountain in which she appeared to reside, and secured its waters from profanation or pollution by the small vaulted building of which the fragments still remained scattered around it.
In merry England in the time of old, when good King Henry the Second ruled the land, there lived within the green glades of Sherwood Forest, near Nottingham Town, a famous outlaw whose name was Robin Hood.
In metro cities, the local population mingles freely with visitors.
In mid-May, VOA Eastern Europe bureau chief Myroslava Gongadze spoke with Alexandra Vasylenko, special envoy on coordination of humanitarian assistance to the minister for foreign affairs of Ukraine.
In mid-October 2013, Tom Jackson moved to Boston.
In mid-winter, when all outside vegetation was bleak and bare, the Christmas-tree in our parlor bloomed in many-colored beauty and bounty.
In middle school, I had low grades in Spanish.
In middle school, I was talking with my therapist, and seeing as we were having such a great talk, I suddenly thought "There's my chance", and I tried to get a kiss. But she told me to stop. Then, as I headed to my next class, I felt so embarrassed.
In military radio communications, you say "affirmative" if the answer to a question is yes.
In mines you can find valuable minerals.
In modern camel racing, camels are often controlled by remote controlled robotic whips.
In modern computer systems, umlaut and diaeresis are represented identically.
In modern days, if Westerners met Jesus, they'd probably hate him and "cancel" him off all the social media they control.
In modern days, if Westerners met Jesus, they'd probably hate him and "cancel" him off of all the social media they control.
In modern days, if Westerners met Jesus, they'd probably hate him and "cancel" him on the social media they control.
In modern days, if Westerners met Jesus, they'd probably hate him and get him kicked out of all social media.
In modern professional tennis, winning a big tournament is considered a greater achievement than winning several smaller tournaments of the same combined value. Hence, top players typically concentrate on bigger tournaments and only play a few smaller ones in between. Consequently, top players play and win fewer matches than before. Since Ivan Lendl won 106 out of 115 matches he played in 1982, nobody won more than 90 matches in a single season, except Roger Federer, who went 92-5 in 2006.
In modern times we have gone through two world wars as the end result of international disputes.
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.
In modesty, no one beats me.
In molecular gastronomy, completely new appliances are used.
In molecular gastronomy, no boundaries are set on the creativity of the cooks.
In moments like those, I have no doubt that he's my brother.
In more pleasant places in the world, people want to live longer. It is the converse in less pleasant places.
In most Algerian apartment buildings, elevators are derelict and haven't worked for a long time.
In most Bibles, God’s name has been removed and has been replaced with the titles LORD or GOD.
In most Japanese companies, only a few executives have a room to themselves.
In most Western countries, young people come of age at 18 or 21.
In most cases we had to give in to their demands.
In most cases, any decision is better than no decision.
In most cases, bad breath can be prevented by brushing and flossing the teeth once or twice a day. However, if a foul mouth odour persists or is continuous, one should get a dental checkup or see a family doctor.
In most cases, car accidents result from lack of sleep.
In most cases, her answers are right.
In most cases, his answers are right.
In most cases, modernization is identified with Westernization.
In most cases, people who have experienced bigotry gravitate towards left-wing politics.
In most cases, people, even the most vicious, are much more naive and simple-minded than we assume them to be. And this is true of ourselves too.
In most cases, that won't happen.
In most cases, their answers are right.
In most cases, we can deliver within three business days.
In most countries, people under the age of 18 are considered minors - they cannot vote.
In most countries, teachers do not receive high wages.
In most countries, with the exception of the Arab countries and Israel, Saturday and Sunday are defined as the weekend.
In most elections, the candidate who receives the most votes wins.
In most elections, whichever candidate gets the majority of the votes, wins the election.
In most languages the verb is an essential part of speech.
In most of the countries in Europe, cars have to keep to the right.
In most parts of Israel, snow is extremely rare.
In most sentences, the subject precedes the object.
In most societies, it's rude to refer to someone in the third person when he or she is standing right there.
In most societies, it’s rude to refer to someone in the third person when he or she is standing right there.
In most sports the team that practice hardest usually brings home the bacon.
In much of the world, child care is a family duty. But in the U.S., parents often work hectic jobs and need to hire someone for the job.
In muddy water, the heron grows fat.
In music or speaking, a pause is frequently used for dramatic effect.
In music, he is a famous critic.
In music, nothing impresses (and moves) me more than the performance of Bach's Goldberg Variations by Glenn Gould.
In my "Agenda for urban mobility", which I am going to present to the Universal City League Congress tomorrow, I will address some of the necessary measurements.
In my "Agenda for urban mobility", which I will present tomorrow at a congress of the World Association of Cities, I will highlight some of the necessary measures.
In my 52nd year, I did not get my period for about a year.
In my English dialect, we use lay/laid to mean the same thing as lie/lay/lain.
In my Metro Manila private school of La Salle Green Hills, for elementary, we students wore a white collared cotton shirt and khaki shorts, as a uniform. In higher grades, there were long pants. Each student had a name tag with only the family name, and other students addressed one another with just the family name.
In my Metro Manila school of La Salle Green Hills, our gym of St. Benilde was like a big flying saucer.
In my North American fifth-grade class, a teacher introduced us students to some basic French vocabulary and phrases. I found French a strange language with nonphonetic spelling, like English. My native Tagalog, which I learned in the Philippines, uses phonetic spelling.
In my age bracket, there are no job offers available.
In my analysis I rely considerably on the types of authoritarian behaviour first analyzed by Kurz.
In my anxiety to pass the test, I studied all night.
In my application I indicate how long I want to work.
In my area there are only hills.
In my article, I referred to your book a great deal.
In my bed by night I sought him whom my soul loveth.
In my beginning is my end.
In my brain reigns a yawning emptiness.
In my childhood I had a dog that loved to eat watermelon, mandarins and loquats.
In my childhood, I believed in Santa Claus.
In my childhood, I used to come here, look around and think.
In my childhood, I was subjected to sexual abuse.
In my circle of friends there are two people who are professional singers.
In my city there is a special bus, called BLQ, which leaves from the airport and stops near my house.
In my city, Warsaw, it is cold.
In my city, the temperature is one degree above zero.
In my city, there are a lot of museums and theaters.
In my city, there is no school for learning Esperanto.
In my class I noticed a girl student who was particularly intent on studying Chinese.
In my class there were two Annas and three Mary's, so the teachers called them by their name and last initial to avoid confusion.
In my closet there are hangers for clothes.
In my country people cannot stand those who are more intelligent than they are.
In my country the customs are different.
In my country there is a shocking amount of mathematical ignorance.
In my country, it is usual.
In my country, it's difficult to learn German.
In my country, it's usual for pilgrims to beg for alms.
In my country, only prostitutes wear this kind of make-up.
In my country, our people don't like others who are cleverer than them.
In my country, people can't stand others who are more intelligent than them.
In my country, people can't stand others who are more intelligent than they are.
In my country, politics is synonymous with corruption.
In my country, you do not have to be the first to file a trademark claim in order to legally own the trademark as long as you can prove that you were the first to use the name or brand mark in question.
In my daily life I deal with various challenges, including managing my time and priorities.
In my daily life I take care in various ways of my body so as not to damage my health.
In my day oral proficiency was neglected because professors maintained that the purpose of studying a foreign language was to become acquainted with its literature, and not to strike up a conversation with the illiterates who happened to be its native speakers, which leads us to the conclusion that what constitutes a natural sounding sentence may be quite subjective.
In my day, kids would often play in the street.
In my defence, it's still yesterday here in Iceland.
In my defence, it’s still yesterday here in Iceland.
In my dream I dreamt that I was dreaming.
In my dream, I encountered a wolf.
In my dream, I reached a point where I became aware that I was about to wake up.
In my dream, I saw you falling from a tall building.
In my dream, I was a butterfly.
In my dream, I was me 20 years ago.
In my dream, I was you.
In my dream, I wasn't me.
In my dream, Tom came to visit me.
In my dream, Tom was you.
In my dream, you talked to me.
In my dream, you were Tom.
In my dream, you were me.
In my dreams I found a little of the beauty I had vainly sought in life, and wandered through old gardens and enchanted woods.
In my dreams, I am free.
In my dreams, I can fly.
In my dreams, I can speak French.
In my dreams, I shine like a star.
In my dreams, our love-making is a symphony of passion, igniting our souls with fire.
In my estimation, he is an honest man.
In my estimation, this is a legitimate purpose.
In my excitement, I wasn't aware of time.
In my excitement, I wasn’t aware of time.
In my experience it works either instantly or not at all.
In my experience, it is possible for me to speak quickly with pauses between every word.
In my experience, it takes one year to learn French grammar.
In my eyes, Tom is a hero.
In my eyes, he is wrong.
In my eyes, rats are cute.
In my eyes, the pig is the king of the beasts.
In my eyes, you're beautiful. In my eyes, you have charm. In my eyes, you're the handsomest man in the world.
In my eyes, you're good. In my eyes, you've got "it." In my eyes, you're more precious than money.
In my family there are two birthdays in September.
In my family we used to eat out for Sunday lunch.
In my family, the one who gets up earliest is my mother.
In my family, the punishment for lying was severe.
In my fantasies, our bodies intertwine, creating an intense connection that leaves me breathless.
In my first of two trips in the sunny morning to the Lulu Island Starbucks café to drink iced green tea, I talk with my Filipino friend Greg about anthropology. I tell him that Middle Easterners are often Caucasoids with some Negroid infusion, whilst South Asians are often Caucasoids with some Australoid infusion. The Gypsies in Europe came from India, centuries ago. I recount my predilection for Sarah Brightman's music, as in her rendition of "Hijo de la Luna" ("Son of the Moon"), a Gypsy story. In Spain, I saw Gypsies, trying to make money from tourists in tourist attractions. Today is the 19th of June of 2024.
In my first year of university at UBC, in 1984, there was an Esperanto Club meeting at the International House, whose architecture seemed like it was from the 1960s. There, I heard my first live Esperanto conversation between a young black-haired white man and an elderly white woman.
In my free time I love to be outdoors.
In my free time, I come up with plans to create more free time.
In my free time, I like listening to music.
In my free time, I write on my blog.
In my free time, I write poems.
In my free time, I write poetry.
In my free time, that's what I like to do.
In my garden is a lemon tree.
In my garden many trees are bearing fruit.
In my garden there are conifers.
In my grandmother's lifetime, both telephones and computers have become commonplace.
In my grandmother’s lifetime, both telephones and computers have become commonplace.
In my hand I have a candle and on my foot I have a boot.
In my hand is your hand.
In my haste to leave the office, I forgot to turn off the lights.
In my haste, I didn't think about that.
In my head I saw that differently.
In my head it's all perfectly clear.
In my heart I always loved you!
In my heart of hearts I know it's true.
In my heart suddenly rose the melancholy.
In my heart, I know being unique is a gift.
In my heart, I know that moving on is the only choice left now.
In my heart, I know that the entire force of the French military is ready to protect me even though I'm eating eggs in a cafe in California.
In my heart, I'm pure joy.
In my heart, there's only a place for you.
In my high school days, the game Dungeons and Dragons was popular.
In my high-school's dormitory, the first years share a room with another student, but starting from the second year, students have individual rooms.
In my hometown, I go by the name of Lucas and everyone knows me and acknowledges me by that name.
In my hour of need, he turned his back on me.
In my house I feel like a tamed wolf.
In my house it's my mother who's the boss.
In my house it’s my mother who’s the boss.
In my house there is always bread on the table.
In my house there is plenty of bread, if you want to eat.
In my house we drink a lot of beer.
In my house, my wife did everything.
In my house, my wife does everything.
In my house, the garden is small.
In my humble language school, there are a total of six rooms for the six foreign languages offered.
In my humble opinion, she is not a good candidate for the job.
In my humble opinion, the semifinal was a lot more exciting than the final.
In my hurry I bumped into someone.
In my idiolect of English, I do not aspirate plosives, and the first part of the word "Australia" rhymes with "cow."
In my imagination, I'm truly unstoppable.
In my implementation this directory’s location is relative to the working directory, but it could be anywhere, really.
In my job I have to deal with all kinds of people.
In my language, the "," is called a comma, the ";" is called a semicolon, ":" is called a colon, "..." is called an ellipsis and this sentence ends in a full stop.
In my language, the "," is called comma, the ";" is called semicolon, ":" is called colon, "..." are called ellipsis, and this sentence ends with a period.
In my language, the musical notes are c, d, e, f, g, a, and b.
In my language, the notes of the scale are do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si, do.
In my language, the notes of the scale are do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, ti, do.
In my last letter, I mentioned that I was quite busy.
In my life it became night when you left.
In my life, I've always aimed to put my personal ambitions on a larger scale than most other people and I will keep on doing this.
In my life, I've always wanted to put a higher standard for achieving all of my dreams.
In my life, I've always wanted to put my own successes on a higher success standard than most people around me.
In my life, I've had a phase wherein I researched native languages, most notably Classical and Yucatec Maya, Classical Nahuatl, Haida, and Inuktitut. I do have a large collection of printed and electronic books and papers about the native languages of the Americas.
In my life, I've made a lot of mistakes.
In my living room there is a rug.
In my main language, I build sentences intuitively. In my other languages, I build sentences systematically.
In my medical opinion, I believe vanilla ice cream tastes better than chocolate ice cream.
In my mind I made it something to be feared, but in reality it isn't something to be afraid of.
In my mind, I made a rough list with what we'll do today.
In my mind, laughter echoes like music.
In my neighborhood, houses are now being built one after another.
In my new house, the living room is on the ground floor and the bedroom is on the first floor.
In my new position I work more behind the scenes.
In my next life I want to be born as a deadly virus.
In my office there is a table and three chairs.
In my opinion I deserve a love sentence instead of a life sentence.
In my opinion Tom did nothing wrong.
In my opinion Tom is a good driver.
In my opinion dogs are better pets than cats.
In my opinion fish tastes better than meat.
In my opinion he is not fit for the work.
In my opinion it is harmful to place important things in the hands of philanthropy, which in Russia is marked by a chance character. Nor should important matters depend on leftovers, which are never there. I would prefer that the government treasury take care of it.
In my opinion it's even better like that.
In my opinion it's even better that way.
In my opinion solving this problem would be difficult.
In my opinion that is very important.
In my opinion that isn't a good idea.
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult, but I don't have any other way to earn money.
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult, but I don’t have any other way to earn money.
In my opinion, Anna had the best companion quest, followed by Drake.
In my opinion, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
In my opinion, Australia is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
In my opinion, Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom is much more interesting, less annoying, and funnier than Peppa Pig.
In my opinion, Bobby Fischer was the Pelé of chess.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very difficult.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very important.
In my opinion, French is a hard language to learn.
In my opinion, French is more difficult than English.
In my opinion, German is the best language in the world.
In my opinion, I am not wrong.
In my opinion, Japanese stroke order is generally harder than Chinese stroke order.
In my opinion, Tatoeba and YouTube are the best tools for learning languages online.
In my opinion, Tatoeba is a pleasant and instructive pastime.
In my opinion, Tom is a hero.
In my opinion, Tom is innocent.
In my opinion, Tom is just a fool.
In my opinion, Tom is right.
In my opinion, Tom is the guy we need to hire.
In my opinion, Tom is wrong.
In my opinion, Tom should be locked up for a long time.
In my opinion, Tom's right.
In my opinion, Twitter bird is the most evil bird in our world.
In my opinion, Twitter is a waste of time.
In my opinion, a movie is much more entertaining than a book.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn’t require horizontal scrolling.
In my opinion, alcohol is not necessarily bad for your health.
In my opinion, all of you are crazy!
In my opinion, badgers should not be shot.
In my opinion, eastern music is too noisy.
In my opinion, everybody is good but some people are better than others.
In my opinion, happiness has a few fundamental requirements.
In my opinion, he can't work.
In my opinion, he is correct.
In my opinion, he is just a fool.
In my opinion, he is not fit for the work.
In my opinion, he is not up to the job.
In my opinion, he is wrong.
In my opinion, he suffers from prostate problems.
In my opinion, he's innocent.
In my opinion, he's right.
In my opinion, he's the right man for the job.
In my opinion, he’s right.
In my opinion, he’s the right man for the job.
In my opinion, his proposal is worth thinking about.
In my opinion, horses are very intelligent animals.
In my opinion, in Kazakh there are many words that come from other languages, but there's nothing wrong with that.
In my opinion, it was a good book, but Jim thought otherwise.
In my opinion, it would be better if you went there.
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.
In my opinion, it's better to change the policy.
In my opinion, it's difficult to impossible.
In my opinion, it's important for us to discover the meaning of our existence.
In my opinion, it's impossible for aliens, such as those in films we watch, to ever visit our planet.
In my opinion, it's merely a coincidence.
In my opinion, it's not a good idea.
In my opinion, it's quite unsuitable.
In my opinion, it's time that he called me.
In my opinion, it’s quite unsuitable.
In my opinion, lack of a mission makes one's life vain.
In my opinion, lack of a mission makes one’s life vain.
In my opinion, making it from scratch creates the tastiest bread.
In my opinion, meditation is more tranquilizing than any medication.
In my opinion, my German is not good enough.
In my opinion, no.
In my opinion, nothing is as important as education.
In my opinion, permanent peace is nothing but illusion.
In my opinion, she is correct.
In my opinion, she should've come with us.
In my opinion, she's right.
In my opinion, skiing is more fun than skating.
In my opinion, smoking is a ridiculous and detestable act, in addition to being very harmful to health.
In my opinion, soccer is a great sport.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for one's health.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for one’s health.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for your health.
In my opinion, stress-free learning is the most effective.
In my opinion, studying Indonesian is easy.
In my opinion, that industry shouldn't even exist.
In my opinion, that isn't a very good idea.
In my opinion, that's not a good idea.
In my opinion, that's perfectly normal.
In my opinion, that's very important.
In my opinion, the children are tired of swimming.
In my opinion, the fact that we can't easily send the zeroth one should be a reason for us not to try to send and sell the second one.
In my opinion, the girl is Swedish.
In my opinion, the left wing doesn't exist in the U.S.
In my opinion, the meeting was a success.
In my opinion, the people in charge of investigating who should be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize were often completely incompetent.
In my opinion, the search was illegal.
In my opinion, the second movement of the symphony is the most melodious and beautiful of the three.
In my opinion, the weather is nice.
In my opinion, there are two reasons.
In my opinion, there is a conjunction missing.
In my opinion, they'll get back together.
In my opinion, this game is exciting.
In my opinion, this is a freshwater fish.
In my opinion, this is quite unsuitable.
In my opinion, this story is not intended for children.
In my opinion, this topic deserves to be discussed.
In my opinion, we need to diversify our assets.
In my opinion, we should hire Tom.
In my opinion, we should pay more attention to the present state of affairs.
In my opinion, we've already done more than enough.
In my opinion, what Tom said is correct.
In my opinion, what Tom said is incorrect.
In my opinion, what Tom said is wrong.
In my opinion, whether to use a comma before la, after la, or to not use a comma at all is a personal stylistic choice.
In my opinion, you are incorrect.
In my opinion, you are wrong.
In my opinion, you can joke about anything. A lot of times people joke to make tragic events feel more tolerable.
In my opinion, you have a wonderful family.
In my opinion, you ought to let Tom go.
In my opinion, you should go on a diet.
In my opinion, you should strike out this phrase from your speech.
In my opinion, you should take the exam again.
In my opinion, you suffer from prostate problems.
In my opinion, you're beautiful.
In my opinion, you're stupid.
In my opinion, you're the ones who should be apologising.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
In my opinion, your car is good.
In my opinion, you’re wrong.
In my past life, I was a forest.
In my pencil case, I have a rubber.
In my personal opinion I am against the plan.
In my place, Tom would have done the same.
In my place, Tom would've done the same.
In my point of view, a car does more harm than good.
In my position, how would you act?
In my profession, I always expect trouble.
In my region there are beautiful and living cities you will surely love.
In my religion, life begins at the first breath.
In my right arm I held a completely changed creature.
In my room there are 2 beds.
In my room, I can listen to my favorite singer to my heart's content.
In my room, I can listen to my favorite singer to my heart’s content.
In my room, a no-smoking policy is in effect.
In my room, there are no clocks.
In my sandwich there is meat, cheese and tomatoes.
In my school, the nursing department's building has no men's bathrooms, so I don't have any choice other than to go to another building.
In my second year of employment, I work for an IT firm.
In my secondary school days, I was much impressed by how my hospitalised grandfather would often tell the nurses there, "Thank you, I appreciate your help."
In my senior year of college, I met Tom through a mutual friend.
In my sleep, I shouted his name.
In my social studies class, for example, there are often discussions that include the teacher as another member of the group.
In my solar system there are twenty-eight planets.
In my son's voice, in his look, his whole being, there is something of me, in him I can relive.
In my soul there are many places that are cynical and arrogant, but at its core, it fears the darkness and is as weak as a sheep.
In my spare time, I enjoy reading.
In my spare time, I read books.
In my spare time, I write articles for my blog.
In my stint in Japan as a software engineer, I often ate lunch with my coworkers, like Tamaru-san, Matsuura-san, Takahashi-san, and Jeff who was a corpulent half-Japanese. The lunch could be ravishing bento boxes in the office or an outing to some beautiful restaurant.
In my time it was a different matter.
In my tongue, I learned with patience to express my faith and say: "Oh, Creator! Bless my parents, take, Allah, my sins away!"
In my understanding, Robinson treats this element as secondary.
In my understanding, those two experiments do not have common factors.
In my vacation from high school, I learned some Japanese on my own from books from the central library of Lulu Island. My high school did offer Japanese as a subject, but I eventually took a course of Japanese in university, instead.
In my veins runs your blood, Dad.
In my view you should try the exam again.
In my view, everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities.
In my view, studying hard is the best way to achieve success.
In my view, the actor fits the character well.
In my view, you are wrong.
In my village there are about 8 olive presses.
In my village, there is a small, narrow footbridge over a brook.
In my village, there lived a mythical woman named Tiǧǧist.
In my whole life, I've never seen anything like that.
In my work as a lawyer, I've run across some cases that seemed hopeless.
In my work, I sometimes simply determine an area with a tape measure.
In my workplace is a woman who's very strong willed, on the face of it.
In my workplace is a woman who’s very strong willed, on the face of it.
In my world everyone’s a pony and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies.
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.
In my youth we used to float down the river on a raft.
In my youth, I could run.
In my youth, I was wronged.
In natural gifts he is second to none.
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments.
In nature, living beings are in a perpetual state of war.
In nature, nothing is created, nothing is lost, everything is transformed.
In netball, unlike basketball, you are not permitted to run with the ball.
In nine case out of ten he will be late.
In nine cases out of ten he will take the first place.
In nine cases out of ten it will be the very thing that I have long wanted.
In nine cases out of ten, he will win the race.
In nineteen eighty-two, British scientist Sir John Vane shared the Nobel Prize in Medicine in part for discovering how aspirin works. He found that aspirin blocks the body from making natural substances called prostaglandins.
In nineteen fifty-eight, a scientist at the Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York State developed a game he called "Tennis for Two." William Higinbotham played it on a scientific device called an oscilloscope. The scientist did not see that such a game could become widely popular. But others did.
In nineteen forty-five, there was just one vineyard in the state of Maryland. Today, there are about forty vineyards in the state and that number is growing.
In nineteen forty-four, Pollock married Lee Krasner who was also a skilled Abstract Expressionist painter.
In nineteen ninety-one, I was working in France.
In nineteen ninety-six, government agencies approved a twenty-five-year project to save the island. An agreement directed the Baltimore District of the Army Corps of Engineers to rebuild Poplar Island. Many other agencies and the state of Maryland are also taking part. So are many volunteers.
In nineteen-oh-six, she married Charles Joseph Walker. He was a newspaperman who had become her friend and adviser. From then on, Sarah used the name madam C. J. Walker. Madam Walker organized women to sell her hair treatment. She established Walker schools of beauty culture throughout the country to train the saleswomen. The saleswomen became known as "Walker Agents." They became popular in black communities throughout the United States. Madam Walker worked hard at her business. She traveled to many American cities to help sell her products. She also traveled to the Caribbean countries of Jamaica, Panama, and Cuba. Her products had become popular there too.
In no case are you to leave your post.
In no country other than England, it has been said, can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day.
In no way could that woman pass as beautiful.
In no way did I want to influence you.
In no way did he look like a child lost in the middle of the desert, miles and miles from any living soul.
In no way does the fact that a text was written by a native speaker guarantee that it is any good.
In no way is he a doctor. He is a paramedic.
In no way is he a man of character.
In northeastern Algeria, the road between Bejaia and Jijel is particularly scenic.
In northern Algeria, there are a lot of bridges.
In northern Algeria, there is limited land for development.
In northern Portugal, mountains and plateaus are predominant.
In nostalgic moments we may tend to think of childhood as a time of almost unbroken happiness.
In now reprinting the two, as one, it has not been difficult to give continuity to the whole: this has been effected, partly by removing from each volume portions which seemed to be of secondary importance, and to be not closely related to the principal intention of the work; and partly by introducing several entire chapters of new material; and by the insertion of additional paragraphs throughout.
In office one hundred and eight (108) you should obtain a permanent pass.
In office one hundred and six (106) you need to conclude a treaty for accommodation in a dormitory.
In office one hundred and three (103) you should obtain a migration registration.
In old age time passes quickly.
In old age, even the devil would enter the monkhood.
In old times people didn't think that the earth is round.
In old times people didn’t think that the earth is round.
In old times the slope was very lonely.
In olden times when wishing still worked, there lived a king whose daughters were all beautiful.
