I can't share it with anyone.
I can't share my grief with anyone.
I can't share that information with you.
I can't share this with you.
I can't shout any louder.
I can't show up looking like I've been working on the farm all day.
I can't show you how to do that.
I can't show you this.
I can't show you.
I can't shut it down.
I can't sign in.
I can't simply give up.
I can't simply sit here and do nothing.
I can't sing as well as Mary did.
I can't sing as well as Mary.
I can't sing as well as Tom and Mary do.
I can't sing as well as Tom can.
I can't sing as well as Tom does.
I can't sing as well as Tom.
I can't sing as well as you can.
I can't sing as well as you.
I can't sing at all.
I can't sing beautifully like you.
I can't sing in French.
I can't sing in front of people.
I can't sing like you.
I can't sing that high.
I can't sing that low.
I can't sing that song.
I can't sing this song in that key.
I can't sing very well and neither can my wife.
I can't sing very well and neither can you.
I can't sing very well.
I can't sing well.
I can't sing.
I can't sing. I've a terrible voice.
I can't sit around waiting any longer.
I can't sit down without pain now.
I can't sit for the examination because I am ill.
I can't sit still for too long.
I can't sit still for very long.
I can't sit still long enough to watch TV.
I can't sit still.
I can't sit up.
I can't skate very well.
I can't skate.
I can't ski all that well.
I can't ski that well.
I can't ski very well.
I can't ski.
I can't sleep after watching horror movies.
I can't sleep all night.
I can't sleep any more.
I can't sleep at all!
I can't sleep at all.
I can't sleep at night, I can't wake up in the morning.
I can't sleep at night.
I can't sleep because I'm nervous.
I can't sleep because it's too bright outside.
I can't sleep because of that noise.
I can't sleep because of the noise.
I can't sleep if the lights are on.
I can't sleep lately.
I can't sleep like this.
I can't sleep now.
I can't sleep on a plane.
I can't sleep on airplanes.
I can't sleep on planes.
I can't sleep on the couch.
I can't sleep on the floor.
I can't sleep on this lumpy mattress.
I can't sleep through the night.
I can't sleep tonight.
I can't sleep unless you're with me.
I can't sleep well in a strange bed.
I can't sleep well.
I can't sleep when I sweat.
I can't sleep when I'm stressed out.
I can't sleep when the moon is full.
I can't sleep when we've been arguing.
I can't sleep when we've had an argument.
I can't sleep with all that noise.
I can't sleep with all that racket.
I can't sleep with all this noise.
I can't sleep with all this racket going on.
I can't sleep with the door closed.
I can't sleep with the lights on.
I can't sleep without a bolster.
I can't sleep without a light on.
I can't sleep without a midnight snack.
I can't sleep without a pillow.
I can't sleep, and I'm just looking at the clock.
I can't sleep.
I can't sleep. What shall I do?
I can't sleep. What should I do?
I can't slow down.
I can't smell anything.
I can't smell well. I have lost my sense of smell.
I can't smile without you.
I can't smoke.
I can't sneeze with my eyes open, but I do know someone who can.
I can't snowboard.
I can't solve all your problems, but I'm more than willing to listen and offer my support.
I can't solve that problem.
I can't solve that.
I can't solve the problem on my own.
I can't solve this problem on my own.
I can't solve this problem.
I can't solve this problem. It's too difficult for me.
I can't solve this puzzle.
I can't solve this.
I can't spare the time.
I can't speak Ainu well.
I can't speak Ainu.
I can't speak Berber very articulately.
I can't speak Berber.
I can't speak Dutch.
I can't speak English and he can't either.
I can't speak English as fluently as Naomi.
I can't speak English as well as he can.
I can't speak English as well as he.
I can't speak English at all.
I can't speak English fluently.
I can't speak English very well.
I can't speak English, and neither can he.
I can't speak English, much less German.
I can't speak English, much less Spanish.
I can't speak English.
I can't speak English. My Spanish is even worse.
I can't speak French and Tom can't either.
I can't speak French and neither can Tom.
I can't speak French as well as Tom and Mary think I can.
I can't speak French as well as Tom can.
I can't speak French as well as Tom thinks I can.
I can't speak French as well as Tom.
I can't speak French as well as you can.
I can't speak French as well as you think I can.
I can't speak French as well as you.
I can't speak French at all.
I can't speak French either.
I can't speak French fluently yet, but I can understand it fairly well.
I can't speak French fluently.
I can't speak French or English.
I can't speak French or German.
I can't speak French very well.
I can't speak French well.
I can't speak French without making a few mistakes.
I can't speak French without making a lot of mistakes.
I can't speak French without making mistakes.
I can't speak French without making some mistakes.
I can't speak French, and I can't speak English either.
I can't speak French, but I can understand it.
I can't speak French, but I hope I'll be able to soon.
I can't speak French, but I hope that I'll be able to soon.
I can't speak French, either.
I can't speak French.
I can't speak French. I can't speak English either.
I can't speak French. Tom can't speak French either.
I can't speak German at all.
I can't speak German.
I can't speak Hebrew fluently yet, but I can understand it quite well.
I can't speak Japanese.
I can't speak Kannada.
I can't speak Karelian.
I can't speak Klingon.
I can't speak Norwegian.
I can't speak Spanish but even so, I was able to make myself understood when I went to Malaga last year.
I can't speak Tok Pisin well.
I can't speak Turkish.
I can't speak Uyghur.
I can't speak Vietnamese.
I can't speak a word of French.
I can't speak a word of German.
I can't speak about that now.
I can't speak about these things with my husband.
I can't speak another language.
I can't speak any French.
I can't speak either French or English.
I can't speak fluent French yet.
I can't speak fluent Indonesian yet.
I can't speak for Tom.
I can't speak for all my colleagues.
I can't speak for all of my colleagues.
I can't speak for anybody else.
I can't speak for anyone else.
I can't speak for her.
I can't speak for him.
I can't speak for my colleagues.
I can't speak for them.
I can't speak highly enough of Tom.
I can't speak more loudly. I don't have a voice.
I can't speak much French.
I can't speak my mind.
I can't speak my own language very well, let alone foreign ones.
I can't speak that fast.
I can't speak the Berber language, but someday I will speak it well.
I can't speak to Tom.
I can't speak to her.
I can't speak to him.
I can't speak to them.
I can't speak to you right now.
I can't speak very much French.
I can't speak your language very well.
I can't speak your language, because I don't know.
I can't speak.
I can't spell the word correctly.
I can't spend another night alone.
I can't spend another second sitting next to this man.
I can't spend money I don't have.
I can't spend the rest of my life living with Tom.
I can't spend the whole day doing this.
I can't spend the whole day here.
I can't spend the whole day just answering your questions.
I can't spend too much time in my fursuit because it gets really hot inside.
I can't squeeze juice out of this orange. It's dry.
I can't squeeze this orange. It's dry.
I can't stand Mary's boyfriend.
I can't stand Mondays.
I can't stand Tom and he knows it.
I can't stand Tom anymore.
I can't stand Tom's arrogance any longer.
I can't stand Tom's face.
I can't stand Tom's whole family.
I can't stand Tom.
I can't stand all that noise in the street.
I can't stand all this noise.
I can't stand an awful sweat like this.
I can't stand and wait in a place this cold!
I can't stand annoying rich people.
I can't stand any more humiliation.
I can't stand anything about you.
I can't stand arugula or any bitter greens.
I can't stand babies crying.
I can't stand bad smells.
I can't stand being alone.
I can't stand being around Tom's friends because they're incredibly obnoxious.
I can't stand being around Tom.
I can't stand being around abrasive people.
I can't stand being away from you anymore.
I can't stand being contradicted.
I can't stand being cooped up in this prison!
I can't stand being disturbed in my work.
I can't stand being here all alone.
I can't stand being here by myself.
I can't stand being interrupted.
I can't stand being laughed at in front of others.
I can't stand being laughed at in public.
I can't stand being looked at like that.
I can't stand being made fun of.
I can't stand being treated like a child.
I can't stand boiled onions!
I can't stand by and do nothing.
I can't stand cheese.
I can't stand children crying.
I can't stand clingy friends.
I can't stand coffee.
I can't stand cowards.
I can't stand dirty jokes.
I can't stand dirty old men in the subway.
I can't stand doing that.
I can't stand driving in traffic.
I can't stand either Tom or Mary.
I can't stand either Tom or Vladimir.
I can't stand fishing.
I can't stand getting beaten.
I can't stand going to class reunions.
I can't stand golf.
I can't stand guys like that.
I can't stand hearing groans from anyone.
I can't stand hearing that shitty song anymore!
I can't stand hearing you complain all the time.
I can't stand her any longer!
I can't stand her envy.
I can't stand her hypocrisy.
I can't stand her jealousy.
I can't stand her.
I can't stand him any longer.
I can't stand him any more.
I can't stand him holding forth about his life experience.
I can't stand him suffering so much.
I can't stand him.
I can't stand him. He's nothing more than a despicable, compulsive liar.
I can't stand him. What can I do?
I can't stand his arrogance any longer.
I can't stand his arrogance.
I can't stand his behavior anymore.
I can't stand his comments.
I can't stand his daughter.
I can't stand his hypocrisy.
I can't stand his impertinent glances.
I can't stand his impoliteness.
I can't stand his look.
I can't stand his nitwit comments; they're so ignorant.
I can't stand his presence whatsoever.
I can't stand hospitals.
I can't stand how scary that doll is.
I can't stand humidity.
I can't stand hypocrites.
I can't stand ignorant people.
I can't stand it any longer.
I can't stand it any longer. Turn that music off. It's driving me crazy.
I can't stand it any more.
I can't stand it anymore.
I can't stand it for long.
I can't stand it here any longer.
I can't stand it here any longer. I need a change of scenery.
I can't stand it here any longer. I'm off!
I can't stand it longer.
I can't stand it that she's suffering so.
I can't stand it when a drop of sweat runs down my back.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand kids.
I can't stand know-it-alls like Tom.
I can't stand liars.
I can't stand listening to loud music.
I can't stand living by myself in that villa.
I can't stand losing her.
I can't stand losing.
I can't stand loud music.
I can't stand loud noises.
I can't stand lying anymore.
I can't stand milk.
I can't stand much more of this.
I can't stand my crazy life.
I can't stand my fifth floor neighbors.
I can't stand my glasses because the lenses fog up all the time.
I can't stand my mother's new boyfriend.
I can't stand my neighbors.
I can't stand my roommate.
I can't stand my sister's kids.
I can't stand naughty children.
I can't stand noise.
I can't stand noisy children.
I can't stand people like Tom.
I can't stand people like that.
I can't stand people like you.
I can't stand people who always lie.
I can't stand people who always speak ill of others.
I can't stand people who are always bragging.
I can't stand people who brag.
I can't stand people who chew gum loudly.
I can't stand people who lie all the time.
I can't stand people who yell at their children.
I can't stand people who yell at their kids.
I can't stand plastic cups.
I can't stand proverbs.
I can't stand punk rock.
I can't stand rap.
I can't stand rats.
I can't stand raw fish.
I can't stand reptiles.
I can't stand rudeness.
I can't stand seeing Tom so unhappy.
I can't stand seeing her suffer like this.
I can't stand seeing myself getting older.
I can't stand smoking.
I can't stand so many cars honking their horns at the same time!
I can't stand staying indoors.
I can't stand still.
I can't stand such number of inane trivialities.
I can't stand tea.
I can't stand that attitude of his.
I can't stand that bloke.
I can't stand that guy.
I can't stand that heat.
I can't stand that kind of politician.
I can't stand that man!
I can't stand that man.
I can't stand that music anymore!
I can't stand that nasty attitude of his any longer.
I can't stand that noise any longer.
I can't stand that noise anymore.
I can't stand that noise.
I can't stand that silly woman.
I can't stand that woman.
I can't stand that.
I can't stand the anticipation.
I can't stand the cold here.
I can't stand the cold in New England.
I can't stand the cold.
I can't stand the fact that he thinks he owns me.
I can't stand the feeling of seeing other people being sad.
I can't stand the heat.
I can't stand the idea of having lost someone like him.
I can't stand the idea that Martha was right about this.
I can't stand the incessant traffic in my city.
I can't stand the new president.
I can't stand the noise anymore.
I can't stand the noise from the street.
I can't stand the noise.
I can't stand the pain any more.
I can't stand the pain anymore.
I can't stand the sight of blood.
I can't stand the sight of you anymore.
I can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
I can't stand the smell.
I can't stand the taste of milk.
I can't stand the texture of olives.
I can't stand the thought of being without you.
I can't stand the thought of living too far away from my parents.
I can't stand the thought of losing Tom and Mary as friends.
I can't stand the thought of losing Tom as a friend.
I can't stand the thought of losing you forever.
I can't stand the thought of never seeing him again.
I can't stand the way that he talks.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand these advertisements.
I can't stand these people.
I can't stand this any longer.
I can't stand this anymore.
I can't stand this cold anymore.
I can't stand this cold.
I can't stand this guy.
I can't stand this heat any longer.
I can't stand this heat.
I can't stand this hot summer.
I can't stand this hot weather.
I can't stand this kind of movie.
I can't stand this kind of music.
I can't stand this much longer.
I can't stand this noise a minute longer.
I can't stand this noise any longer.
I can't stand this noise any more.
I can't stand this noise anymore.
I can't stand this noise.
I can't stand this pain any longer.
I can't stand this pain any more.
I can't stand this pain longer.
I can't stand this pain much longer.
I can't stand this pain.
I can't stand this person.
I can't stand this place.
I can't stand this smell.
I can't stand this stomach-ache.
I can't stand this stomachache.
I can't stand this, it drives me mad.
I can't stand those goody-goody types.
I can't stand those kinds of people.
I can't stand ticks.
I can't stand to be interfered with in my work.
I can't stand to hear her cry.
I can't stand to keep you tied down out of compassion and duty.
I can't stand to live alone.
I can't stand to live here any longer.
I can't stand to see animals be teased.
I can't stand to see animals being teased.
I can't stand to see my family like this.
I can't stand to see you crying like this.
I can't stand to see you wasting your time.
I can't stand to take another university entrance exam!
I can't stand to think about it.
I can't stand to think that I could lose you.
I can't stand to watch you.
I can't stand up straight anymore.
I can't stand up.
I can't stand violence.
I can't stand you anymore.
I can't stand you sometimes.
I can't stand you when you do that.
I can't stand you when you raise your voice.
I can't stand you.
I can't stand your behavior anymore.
I can't stand your behaviour any more.
I can't stand your face.
I can't stand your father.
I can't stand your hypocrisy.
I can't stand your whining anymore!
I can't stand your whining anymore.
I can't stand.
I can't start my day right if I don't have my usual Coca-cola drink.
I can't start my day without seeing the sunrise.
I can't start the day without my morning cereal.
I can't start up my computer. What am I supposed to do?
I can't stay any longer.
I can't stay at home alone.
I can't stay at home today.
I can't stay awake.
I can't stay for as long as I want.
I can't stay for as long as I'd planned to.
I can't stay for as long as I'd planned.
I can't stay for dinner.
I can't stay for long.
I can't stay for the meeting.
I can't stay here all day.
I can't stay here alone.
I can't stay here any longer.
I can't stay here any longer. Everything here reminds me of Tom.
I can't stay here anymore.
I can't stay here by myself.
I can't stay here forever.
I can't stay here long, and Tom can't either.
I can't stay here long, and neither can Tom.
I can't stay here long, and neither can you.
I can't stay here long.
I can't stay here right now.
I can't stay here tonight.
I can't stay here.
I can't stay home today.
I can't stay in Australia. I have to get back to New Zealand.
I can't stay in Boston. I have to get back to Chicago.
I can't stay in bed for the entire pregnancy.
I can't stay in this house.
I can't stay long today.
I can't stay long.
I can't stay long. I have plans.
I can't stay longer. This is Sunday.
I can't stay mad at you.
I can't stay much longer.
I can't stay silent on this matter.
I can't stay too much around your kids because they drain my energy levels way too quickly.
I can't stay very long.
I can't stay with my arms crossed!
I can't stay with you forever.
I can't stay, I have to take the dog out.
I can't stay.
I can't steal for you.
I can't stomach milk.
I can't stomach this.
I can't stop Tom from doing it.
I can't stop Tom from doing that.
I can't stop Tom from saying what he thinks.
I can't stop Tom.
I can't stop anything.
I can't stop asking myself that same question.
I can't stop browsing Tatoeba.
I can't stop coughing.
I can't stop crying.
I can't stop doing it.
I can't stop doing this now.
I can't stop doing this yet.
I can't stop doing this.
I can't stop drinking sugary drinks.
I can't stop drinking.
I can't stop drumming on my chest.
I can't stop eating chips, they just taste so good!
I can't stop eating chocolate in secret.
I can't stop eating dried figs.
I can't stop eating figs.
I can't stop eating pistachios.
I can't stop eating this really soft, doughy, poppy-seed-sprinkled white bread that they have.
I can't stop eating.
I can't stop even for a moment.
I can't stop her.
I can't stop here.
I can't stop hiccuping.
I can't stop him.
I can't stop it.
I can't stop laughing at the jetpack-powered car in "WHAT THE CAR?"!
I can't stop laughing at this video.
I can't stop laughing when I hear that story.
I can't stop laughing.
I can't stop listening to it.
I can't stop listening to this song.
I can't stop looking at Tom.
I can't stop looking at you.
I can't stop my mind.
I can't stop my nosebleed.
I can't stop myself from procrastinating all the time.
I can't stop myself from reading internet comments.
I can't stop myself from smoking a pack of cigarettes every day.
I can't stop myself.
I can't stop now.
I can't stop playing Minecraft.
I can't stop playing, this game is addicting.
I can't stop procrastinating.
I can't stop reliving those moments.
I can't stop shaking my leg.
I can't stop smoking.
I can't stop sneezing.
I can't stop staring at you.
I can't stop surfing online on Tatoeba.
I can't stop the bleeding.
I can't stop them.
I can't stop thinking about Tom.
I can't stop thinking about her.
I can't stop thinking about him.
I can't stop thinking about how we hurt Tom.
I can't stop thinking about it.
I can't stop thinking about my girlfriend.
I can't stop thinking about my mother.
I can't stop thinking about that.
I can't stop thinking about the cold.
I can't stop thinking about the dream I had yesterday night.
I can't stop thinking about the stolen money.
I can't stop thinking about the unpredictable consequences this will bring.
I can't stop thinking about what I saw.
I can't stop thinking about what happened to me.
I can't stop thinking about what happened.
I can't stop thinking about what they did to me.
I can't stop thinking about what we did.
I can't stop thinking about yesterday.
I can't stop thinking about you.
I can't stop thinking about you. I want more.
I can't stop trying.
I can't stop until he tells me to.
I can't stop using Tatoeba.org!
I can't stop watching.
I can't stop worrying about Tom.
I can't stop worrying about you.
I can't stop writing about those issues just to please you, folks! I've always been a bad people pleaser.
I can't stop writing.
I can't stop yawning.
I can't stop you from doing that.
I can't stop you from doing whatever you want to do.
I can't stop you from going to Kabylie.
I can't stop you from revealing my secrets. However, I beg you not to.
I can't stop you.
I can't stop.
I can't stop. The brakes...
I can't straighten my right arm.
I can't straighten out my back.
I can't stress that enough.
I can't stress this enough.
I can't stretch my right arm.
I can't study Berber.
I can't study French with you tonight.
I can't study anymore. I'm way too tired.
I can't study anywhere in my house. It's too noisy.
I can't study at home.
I can't study here.
I can't study on an empty stomach.
I can't study with you watching me.
I can't support a family on the amount of money I make from that job.
I can't support him through this.
I can't surf for the life of me, and I live in Florida.
I can't surf.
I can't survive here alone.
I can't survive on just coffee. Or, can I?
I can't survive on thirty dollars a week.
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.
I can't swallow properly.
I can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
I can't swear that it's the truth.
I can't swear to it, but I don't think Tom indicated before he turned into that side street.
I can't swim across this river.
I can't swim and my mother can't either.
I can't swim any further.
I can't swim as fast as Tom.
I can't swim as fast as you can.
I can't swim as fast as you.
I can't swim as well as I used to.
I can't swim as well as Tom can.
I can't swim as well as Tom.
I can't swim as well as you can.
I can't swim as well as you.
I can't swim at all.
I can't swim either.
I can't swim now as well as I used to be able to.
I can't swim very well yet.
I can't swim very well.
I can't swim well.
I can't swim yet.
I can't swim, and Tom can't either.
I can't swim, and Tom can't swim either.
I can't swim, but my brother can.
I can't swim, but my younger brother can.
I can't swim, either.
I can't swim.
I can't take Layla to the dance.
I can't take Tom's money.
I can't take all of the credit for it.
I can't take all of the credit.
I can't take all the credit.
I can't take another day off.
I can't take another step.
I can't take any calls right now.
I can't take any chances.
I can't take any more of this cold.
I can't take any more of this.
I can't take any more work.
I can't take any more!
I can't take any more.
I can't take being here anymore.
I can't take care of myself.
I can't take care of this on my own.
I can't take chances.
I can't take credit for that.
I can't take his behaviour.
I can't take it any longer.
I can't take it any more.
I can't take it anymore!
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
I can't take it anymore! I'm fed up with you!
I can't take it anymore, I want to go to another planet!
I can't take it anymore.
I can't take it back. It's against store policy.
I can't take it for long.
I can't take it home.
I can't take it off; it's stuck on real good.
I can't take it seriously at all.
I can't take it seriously.
I can't take jokes anymore.
I can't take much more of this.
I can't take my eyes off Tom.
I can't take my eyes off Tom. I can't stop looking at him.
I can't take my eyes off her.
I can't take my eyes off him.
I can't take my eyes off of you.
I can't take my eyes off you.
I can't take my glasses off.
I can't take no more!
I can't take on any more projects right now.
I can't take on any more work.
I can't take that chance.
I can't take that kind of money.
I can't take that last step. It's too difficult, too uncertain.
I can't take that risk.
I can't take the chance.
I can't take the day off.
I can't take the heat.
I can't take the overarching pain.
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.
I can't take the strain.
I can't take the tension between us anymore.
I can't take this any longer.
I can't take this any more.
I can't take this anymore.
I can't take this anymore. I've lost my temper completely.
I can't take this on, because I already have enough problems to solve.
I can't take this pain any longer.
I can't take this pain any more.
I can't take this pain anymore.
I can't take this seriously.
I can't take this shit anymore.
I can't take this.
I can't take you anywhere.
I can't take you around the city because I have a lot of work to do.
I can't take you seriously.
I can't take you to work with me.
I can't take you with me.
I can't take your money.
I can't take your whining anymore!
I can't talk about Tom anymore right now.
I can't talk about it now.
I can't talk about it right now.
I can't talk about it.
I can't talk about that now.
I can't talk about that right now.
I can't talk about that.
I can't talk about this now.
I can't talk about this right now.
I can't talk about this.
I can't talk about you in front of my parents.
I can't talk because I'm in the elevator full of people.
I can't talk now.
I can't talk now. I'm too busy.
I can't talk right now.
I can't talk right now. I need to go.
I can't talk right now. I'm eating dinner.
I can't talk right now. I'm helping my mom make some potato tortillas. I'll call you within an hour.
I can't talk to Tom about anything.
I can't talk to Tom now.
I can't talk to Tom right now.
I can't talk to Tom until he gets back.
I can't talk to Tom.
I can't talk to anyone else.
I can't talk to girls.
I can't talk to her anymore.
I can't talk to her now.
I can't talk to her right now.
I can't talk to her.
I can't talk to him now.
I can't talk to him right now.
I can't talk to him.
I can't talk to strangers.
I can't talk to them now.
I can't talk to them right now.
I can't talk to them.
I can't talk to women.
I can't talk to you about that now.
I can't talk to you here.
I can't talk to you here. It's too dangerous.
I can't talk to you here. Someone might overhear us.
I can't talk to you now.
I can't talk to you right now.
I can't talk with my father without losing my temper.
I can't talk with people.
I can't talk with you right now.
I can't talk with you.
I can't talk you into coming with us, can I?
I can't talk you out of it, can I?
I can't talk, I'm on a mission.
I can't talk.
I can't talk. My mum is around.
I can't taste anything.
I can't taste the difference between these two wines.
I can't taste the tofu. Is there really tofu in this?
I can't teach Berber without a syllabus.
I can't teach French anymore.
I can't teach French.
I can't teach well at all today. I realize that I was just lucky until today.
I can't teach you anything else.
I can't tell Dad about this.
I can't tell Mary how I feel.
I can't tell Mrs. Lynde I'm sorry I said those things to her. How can I? I'm not sorry.
I can't tell Tom I spoke to Mary.
I can't tell Tom and his brother apart.
I can't tell Tom and his younger brother apart.
I can't tell Tom anything.
I can't tell Tom from his brother.
I can't tell Tom that.
I can't tell Tom the truth.
I can't tell Tom what to do.
I can't tell a frog from a toad.
I can't tell a lie.
I can't tell anyone.
I can't tell for sure.
I can't tell her apart from her sister.
I can't tell her from her twin sister.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple any more.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple anymore.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple.
I can't tell her that.
I can't tell her the truth.
I can't tell him apart from his brother.
I can't tell him now. It's not that simple.
I can't tell him that.
I can't tell him the truth.
I can't tell him what to do.
I can't tell his twin sisters apart.
I can't tell how bad the damage is.
I can't tell how it tastes.
I can't tell how things will unfold.
I can't tell if I love her.
I can't tell if Tom and Mary are being sarcastic or not.
I can't tell if Tom and Mary are joking or not.
I can't tell if Tom is being sarcastic or not.
I can't tell if Tom is dead or just unconscious.
I can't tell if Tom is joking or not.
I can't tell if Tom is joking.
I can't tell if any of the cars are Tom's.
I can't tell if he's joking.
I can't tell if his face has been photoshopped or not.
I can't tell if it will be raining tomorrow.
I can't tell if it's a real horse or just a wooden replica.
I can't tell if it's being kind or pushy.
I can't tell if it's kindness or audacity.
I can't tell if it's real or not.
I can't tell if the party will return tomorrow.
I can't tell if we're seeing more diversity or less.
I can't tell if you're being honest or not.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic.
I can't tell if you're being serious.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
I can't tell if you're joking.
I can't tell if you're serious or not.
I can't tell if you're serious.
I can't tell if you're trying to be cute or edgy, but if you're trying to be both, it's not working well.
I can't tell if your eyes are green or blue.
I can't tell it.
I can't tell jokes as well as Tom and Mary do.
I can't tell jokes as well as Tom can.
I can't tell jokes as well as Tom does.
I can't tell jokes as well as you can.
I can't tell just by looking.
I can't tell my family.
I can't tell my father about this.
I can't tell my father.
I can't tell my parents anything.
I can't tell one twin from the other.
I can't tell pink from fuchsia.
I can't tell red and green apart because I'm color-blind.
I can't tell that guy that.
I can't tell the difference between Russian and Ukrainian.
I can't tell the difference between sharks and rabbits.
I can't tell the difference between them.
I can't tell the difference between these two wines.
I can't tell the difference in taste, so anything is fine.
I can't tell the difference.
I can't tell the real one from the fake.
I can't tell the taste.
I can't tell the truth.
I can't tell them apart.
I can't tell them apart. Are they twins?
I can't tell them that.
I can't tell them the truth.
I can't tell them.
I can't tell what Tom is thinking.
I can't tell what it is I'm being accused of.
I can't tell what it is.
I can't tell what this is.
I can't tell when it's day or night.
I can't tell where Tom is from.
I can't tell where the blood is coming from.
I can't tell whether he's bold or just plain stupid.
I can't tell whether it landed upside down, inside out, or backwards.
I can't tell whether it's raining or not.
I can't tell whether you don't understand or you don't want to understand.
I can't tell which wine is more expensive.
I can't tell which witch is which!
I can't tell which work is better than the other.
I can't tell who will arrive first.
I can't tell why this is happening.
I can't tell yet.
I can't tell you about it now.
I can't tell you about it yet.
I can't tell you about it.
I can't tell you about that yet.
I can't tell you about what happened.
I can't tell you all my secrets.
I can't tell you any more about it.
I can't tell you any more than that.
I can't tell you any more. I've already said too much.
I can't tell you any particulars. I am bound to secrecy.
I can't tell you anything about that.
I can't tell you anything at this stage.
I can't tell you anything yet.
I can't tell you anything.
I can't tell you because I don't know.
I can't tell you everything I've been told because I've been told not to.
I can't tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
I can't tell you everything you want to know.
I can't tell you everything.
I can't tell you exactly how long it will take.
I can't tell you exactly what time we'll get there.
I can't tell you exactly what's going on.
I can't tell you his name, but I can tell you where he lives.
I can't tell you how angry that makes me.
I can't tell you how ashamed I felt.
I can't tell you how bad this makes me feel.
I can't tell you how creepy this makes me feel.
I can't tell you how dangerous that might be.
I can't tell you how disappointed Dan was.
I can't tell you how frustrated I am.
I can't tell you how frustrated I was.
I can't tell you how glad I am that it all turned out this way.
I can't tell you how glad that makes me.
I can't tell you how good Yanni's kitchen smells.
I can't tell you how good it is to see Tom.
I can't tell you how good it is to see you again.
I can't tell you how good it makes me feel to see you alive.
I can't tell you how grateful I am.
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've come to visit us.
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've decided to join our company.
I can't tell you how happy I am to be here.
I can't tell you how happy I am.
I can't tell you how happy I was.
I can't tell you how happy that makes me.
I can't tell you how happy we are.
I can't tell you how hard it's been.
I can't tell you how it happened.
I can't tell you how it warms my heart to see people praying at the al-Aqsa Mosque.
I can't tell you how long I've been waiting for this.
I can't tell you how long I've waited for this.
I can't tell you how many times I've been there.
I can't tell you how many times I've quit early on just because I didn't feel like I was in my comfort zone.
I can't tell you how many times I've thought about all the good times we used to have together.
I can't tell you how many times I've thought about you.
I can't tell you how many times she's fallen for his lies.
I can't tell you how many times that has happened to me.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate all your help.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate that.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate the job.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help.
I can't tell you how much I learned from Tom.
I can't tell you how much I like Tom.
I can't tell you how much I love you.
I can't tell you how much I miss Tom.
I can't tell you how much I'll miss Tom.
I can't tell you how much I've been looking forward to your visit.
I can't tell you how much I've enjoyed our time together.
I can't tell you how much I've looked forward to this moment.
I can't tell you how much I've missed you.
I can't tell you how much this helps.
I can't tell you how much this means to me.
I can't tell you how much we've missed you.
I can't tell you how much your support means to us.
I can't tell you how pleased I am.
I can't tell you how pleased that makes me.
I can't tell you how relieved that makes me feel.
I can't tell you how sad I am about all this.
I can't tell you how sad that makes me.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
I can't tell you how stupid this makes me feel.
I can't tell you how that happened.
I can't tell you how that makes me feel.
I can't tell you how thrilled I am.
I can't tell you how to do that.
I can't tell you how to do that. You have to figure it out on your own.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
I can't tell you how unhappy that makes me.
I can't tell you how unhappy this makes me feel.
I can't tell you how worried I've been.
I can't tell you if the use of force in Iraq today would last five days, or five weeks, or five months, but it certainly isn't going to last any longer than that.
I can't tell you more than that.
I can't tell you much more than that.
I can't tell you much yet.
I can't tell you my plans.
I can't tell you now.
I can't tell you off the top of my head, but I can try and find out for you.
I can't tell you that because I don't know.
I can't tell you that yet.
I can't tell you that.
I can't tell you the answer to that yet.
I can't tell you the reason why I did that.
I can't tell you the reason why I didn't do that.
I can't tell you the reason why that happened.
I can't tell you the reason why.
I can't tell you the truth.
I can't tell you the whole story now, but in brief, my parents aren't coming here this summer.
I can't tell you their names.
I can't tell you what I don't know.
I can't tell you what I know.
I can't tell you what I said.
I can't tell you what I think.
I can't tell you what I'm doing.
I can't tell you what I'm going to do.
I can't tell you what Tom told me.
I can't tell you what a disappointment it was that Tom didn't show up.
I can't tell you what a disappointment it was that Tom didn't win the race.
I can't tell you what a relief this is.
I can't tell you what a thrill it gave me.
I can't tell you what an honor this is.
I can't tell you what an honour this is for me.
I can't tell you what happened.
I can't tell you what he said.
I can't tell you what it is.
I can't tell you what it's for.
I can't tell you what my plans are.
I can't tell you what to do.
I can't tell you what we did last night.
I can't tell you what we did yesterday evening.
I can't tell you what we did yesterday.
I can't tell you what we ended up doing.
I can't tell you what you want to hear.
I can't tell you what's going to happen.
I can't tell you when Tom will get here.
I can't tell you when that'll happen.
I can't tell you when that's going to happen.
I can't tell you when we'll be ready.
I can't tell you when.
I can't tell you where Tom and Mary are because I don't know.
I can't tell you where Tom and Mary live.
I can't tell you where Tom is because I don't know.
I can't tell you where Tom lives.
I can't tell you where Tom went.
I can't tell you where Tom's gone.
I can't tell you where this is from because I don't know.
I can't tell you where you can find him.
I can't tell you whether Tom will came to the party or not.
I can't tell you who Tom is.
I can't tell you who did that.
I can't tell you who we are.
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen the list yet.
I can't tell you who's on the list. My boss told me not to.
I can't tell you why I did that.
I can't tell you why I didn't do that.
I can't tell you why I was late.
I can't tell you why Tom and Mary are late.
I can't tell you why Tom is late.
I can't tell you why because I don't know why.
I can't tell you why she was absent from school.
I can't tell you why she was absent.
I can't tell you why that happened.
I can't tell you why.
I can't tell you yet.
I can't tell you, I signed a nondisclosure agreement.
I can't tell you, but every once in a while she comes here.
I can't tell you.
I can't tell you. It's a secret and if I told you, it wouldn't be a secret anymore.
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
I can't thank Tom enough for what he did for me.
I can't thank him enough.
I can't thank my mom enough for what she did.
I can't thank my mother enough for what she did for me.
I can't thank my mother enough for what she did.
I can't thank you enough for agreeing to help me with Tom.
I can't thank you enough for all you've done.
I can't thank you enough for all your kindness.
I can't thank you enough for the help you've given me.
I can't thank you enough for what you did for me.
I can't thank you enough for what you did.
I can't thank you enough for your assistance.
I can't thank you enough for your help.
I can't thank you enough for your kindness.
I can't thank you enough.
I can't thank you more.
I can't think about Tom now.
I can't think about anything else.
I can't think about retirement yet.
I can't think about that.
I can't think about the design any more.
I can't think about this now.
I can't think about this right now.
I can't think clearly sometimes.
I can't think how else you'd translate it.
I can't think of a better plan.
I can't think of a better time to go.
I can't think of a better way to celebrate my engagement to my best friend.
I can't think of a better way to do that.
I can't think of a day when I'd been happier.
I can't think of a funny way to mispronounce "Benedict Cumberbatch" right now.
I can't think of a good example.
I can't think of a good hiding place.
I can't think of a good reason why we should give Tom any money.
I can't think of a good username.
I can't think of a reason not to go to the beach today.
I can't think of a single reason why we shouldn't go there now.
I can't think of a single reason.
I can't think of a suitable example.
I can't think of a thing.
I can't think of a way to use it.
I can't think of an explanation for the discrepancy.
I can't think of any alternatives.
I can't think of any at the moment.
I can't think of any good reasons not to do that.
I can't think of any other plan.
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.
I can't think of any place I'd rather be than in Australia.
I can't think of any place I'd rather be than in Boston.
I can't think of any place I'd rather be.
I can't think of any reason not to do that.
I can't think of any reason not to go.
I can't think of any reason not to tell Tom what happened.
I can't think of any reason that we shouldn't do that.
I can't think of any reason to do that.
I can't think of any reason to keep this.
I can't think of any reason we shouldn't do that.
I can't think of any reason why Tom would want to leave.
I can't think of any reason why Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I can't think of any reason why we should postpone the meeting.
I can't think of any reasons why we shouldn't do that.
I can't think of any right now.
I can't think of any solution to this problem.
I can't think of any use for this.
I can't think of anybody else.
I can't think of anyone better for this job than Tom.
I can't think of anyone better suited for the job than Tom.
I can't think of anyone better than Tom for the job.
I can't think of anyone more deserving of the award than Tom.
I can't think of anyone more deserving of this award than Tom.
I can't think of anyone who hates you more than Tom and Mary do.
I can't think of anyone who hates you more than Tom does.
I can't think of anything I can hate more.
I can't think of anything I'd rather be doing.
I can't think of anything I'd rather do than go on a picnic with you.
I can't think of anything I'd rather do.
I can't think of anything I'd rather eat.
I can't think of anything I'd want from you.
I can't think of anything else to say.
I can't think of anything else.
I can't think of anything more depressing than that.
I can't think of anything more difficult to do than fly a helicopter.
I can't think of anything that I'd like better.
I can't think of anything that might help.
I can't think of anything that would help.
I can't think of anything to say.
I can't think of anything to write about.
I can't think of anything worse.
I can't think of anything wrong with that.
I can't think of anything.
I can't think of anything. Have you got any ideas?
I can't think of everything.
I can't think of her name at once.
I can't think of his name just now.
I can't think of his name.
I can't think of life without you.
I can't think of the name.
I can't think of the right words with which to express my thanks.
I can't think of the word for it.
I can't think of who that was.
I can't think of you as more than a friend.
I can't think on an empty stomach.
I can't think otherwise.
I can't think straight because of the heat.
I can't think straight right now.
I can't think straight.
I can't think today.
I can't think.
I can't tie a tie.
I can't tie a very good knot.
I can't tie my own shoes yet.
I can't tie my own shoes.
I can't tie my shoelaces by myself.
I can't tie my shoelaces.
I can't tie my shoes by myself.
I can't tie my shoes.
I can't today because I have to pick up my son from school.
I can't tolerate Tom's bad behavior.
I can't tolerate Tom's behavior.
I can't tolerate Tom's rudeness.
I can't tolerate his bad behaviour.
I can't tolerate his rudeness.
I can't tolerate it.
I can't tolerate lying.
I can't tolerate naughty children.
I can't tolerate that kind of behavior.
I can't tolerate that.
I can't tolerate the way you belittle others.
I can't tolerate this anymore.
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.
I can't tolerate you cheating on me.
I can't top up my phone.
I can't touch food with my hands.
I can't touch my toes.
I can't touch the corpse without gloves.
I can't translate a sentence if I don't understand it.
I can't translate this article into Arabic.
I can't translate this contract. It's in Italian.
I can't translate this sentence.
I can't translate this sentence. It's too long.
I can't translate unless I understand.
I can't travel 12 miles in the West Bank without being stopped at a checkpoint.
I can't treat her badly again.
I can't treat you today, but I'll make up for it next week.
I can't trick Tom.
I can't trust John with my car.
I can't trust Tom anymore.
I can't trust Tom for all his charm.
I can't trust Tom with my car.
I can't trust Tom.
I can't trust a person like that.
I can't trust anybody.
I can't trust anyone anymore.
I can't trust anyone.
I can't trust her anymore.
I can't trust her.
I can't trust him anymore.
I can't trust him.
I can't trust in his word.
I can't trust my own judgment.
I can't trust my textbook.
I can't trust people like him.
I can't trust people like you.
I can't trust such a man as he.
I can't trust such a man.
I can't trust the doctors any longer.
I can't trust what Tom says.
I can't trust what she says.
I can't trust you any more.
I can't trust you anymore.
I can't trust you with my emotions.
I can't trust you yet.
I can't trust you, either.
I can't trust you.
I can't try it on!
I can't tune into the radio station. The tuning knob is broken on the radio.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
I can't turn it up any louder. That's as loud as it goes.
I can't turn my back on Tom now.
I can't turn my neck, because it hurts a lot.
I can't turn the shower off. Could you check it for me?
I can't type fast.
I can't type the letter "K" on my keyboard.
I can't understand French at all.
I can't understand French.
I can't understand Maths.
I can't understand Tom and Mary when they speak French to each other.
I can't understand Tom and Mary when they're speaking to each other in French.
I can't understand Tom anymore.
I can't understand Tom when he speaks French.
I can't understand Tom's French.
I can't understand Tom's obsession with baseball.
I can't understand Tom.
I can't understand a single word.
I can't understand a word you're saying.
I can't understand any of this legalese.
I can't understand anything Tom is saying.
I can't understand anything he said.
I can't understand anything he's saying.
I can't understand anything that foreigner says.
I can't understand anything the foreigner says.
I can't understand anything with so many people talking at once.
I can't understand anything you're saying.
I can't understand anything.
I can't understand her obsession with soccer.
I can't understand her way of thinking at all.
I can't understand her.
I can't understand him.
I can't understand his feeling.
I can't understand his feelings.
I can't understand his ideas at all.
I can't understand his obsession with baseball.
I can't understand his obsession with basketball.
I can't understand his obsession with football.
I can't understand his obsession with golf.
I can't understand his obsession with hockey.
I can't understand his obsession with soccer.
I can't understand his obsession with sports.
I can't understand his obsession with tennis.
I can't understand his psychology.
I can't understand his theory at all.
I can't understand how I can put it any simpler.
I can't understand how Tom could know.
I can't understand how can you imitate him so exactly.
I can't understand how she can be so fair when her brother is swarthy.
I can't understand how something like this could happen.
I can't understand how their minds work.
I can't understand how this leaves you so indifferent.
I can't understand how your father managed to see through that man.
I can't understand if I'm afraid or happy to go!
I can't understand if you speak French.
I can't understand if you speak Norwegian.
I can't understand it myself.
I can't understand it.
I can't understand legalese.
I can't understand myself.
I can't understand one simple word.
I can't understand that word.
I can't understand that.
I can't understand the meaning of this word.
I can't understand the meaning.
I can't understand the problem.
I can't understand the psychology of adolescents.
I can't understand the psychology of such a man.
I can't understand the source of his hatred for me.
I can't understand the twisted mind of a serial killer.
I can't understand the type of person she is.
I can't understand their conversations when they speak in English.
I can't understand them.
I can't understand this at all.
I can't understand this business.
I can't understand this language at all.
I can't understand this poem.
I can't understand this sign's meaning.
I can't understand this table.
I can't understand this word.
I can't understand this word. Do you have a dictionary?
I can't understand this.
I can't understand those comments.
I can't understand what Tom is trying to say.
I can't understand what happened.
I can't understand what he is thinking about.
I can't understand what he is trying to say.
I can't understand what he wants me to do.
I can't understand what he's driving at.
I can't understand what he's saying.
I can't understand what precisely she wants.
I can't understand what she says.
I can't understand what they were thinking.
I can't understand what this means.
I can't understand what you mean.
I can't understand what you said at all.
I can't understand what you say when you're crying.
I can't understand what you're saying.
I can't understand what you're trying to get at.
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
I can't understand why John turned down a job as good as that.
I can't understand why Tom acted this way.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary are so upset.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary don't like me.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary don't want to go with us.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary hate me.
I can't understand why Tom did that.
I can't understand why Tom didn't do that.
I can't understand why Tom didn't win.
I can't understand why Tom doesn't like me.
I can't understand why Tom doesn't want to go with us.
I can't understand why Tom got so angry.
I can't understand why Tom hates me.
I can't understand why Tom is angry.
I can't understand why Tom is doing that.
I can't understand why Tom is so upset.
I can't understand why Tom refused to help us.
I can't understand why Tom turned down that job.
I can't understand why Tom wasn't here.
I can't understand why Tom won't let us go.
I can't understand why Tom would do something like that.
I can't understand why Tom would want to do that.
I can't understand why Tom wouldn't want you to be here.
I can't understand why anybody would want to do that.
I can't understand why anyone would want to do that.
I can't understand why anyone would wear a jumpsuit.
I can't understand why he did that.
I can't understand why he left so suddenly.
I can't understand why he was killed.
I can't understand why he would take such a risk.
I can't understand why it's taking Tom so long to decide.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
I can't understand why she didn't come.
I can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
I can't understand why that's so hard for you.
I can't understand why they're such good friends. They have hardly anything in common.
I can't understand why this happened.
I can't understand why you always insist on inviting her.
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
I can't understand why you don't want to eat with Tom.
I can't understand why you said that. You don't know how to analyze numbers and charts.
I can't understand why.
I can't understand women.
I can't understand you.
I can't understand you. It's so loud here!
I can't understand your language.
I can't understand your organization.
I can't understand your penmanship, it's so bad.
I can't understand.
I can't undo it.
I can't untangle my hair.
I can't untie my shoelaces.
I can't untie this knot.
I can't untie this knot; it's too tight!
I can't urinate.
I can't use Facebook in Portuguese.
I can't use a fork well.
I can't use any of those.
I can't use it.
I can't use logic to explain that.
I can't use my left hand because of my cast.
I can't use my left hand because of the plaster cast.
I can't use my phone during those hours.
I can't use my powers!
I can't use that.
I can't use the toilet because the plumbing doesn't work.
I can't use this machine.
I can't use this tool without reading the instructions first.
I can't use this.
I can't very well do that here.
I can't very well do that now.
I can't very well turn my back on Tom now.
I can't visit you every day.
I can't vouch for Tom.
I can't wait a second longer.
I can't wait a single day.
I can't wait all day.
I can't wait another week.
I can't wait any longer, I'm so sorry.
I can't wait any longer.
I can't wait any more.
I can't wait anymore.
I can't wait anymore. I'm going to do something!
I can't wait because I'm in a hurry.
I can't wait days.
I can't wait for Christmas day.
I can't wait for Christmas.
I can't wait for Friday to come.
I can't wait for Friday to get here.
I can't wait for Halloween to be over.
I can't wait for Mary to come home so I can show her this.
I can't wait for Mary to unveil her newest album.
I can't wait for Tom and Mary to come home so I can show them this.
I can't wait for Tom any longer.
I can't wait for Tom to come home so I can show him this.
I can't wait for Tom to get here.
I can't wait for Tom.
I can't wait for Valentine's Day!
I can't wait for all my problems to be over.
I can't wait for her.
I can't wait for him any longer.
I can't wait for him any more.
I can't wait for him.
I can't wait for it to be five o'clock p.m.
I can't wait for it!
I can't wait for my birthday next month.
I can't wait for my parents to get off my back.
I can't wait for next summer.
I can't wait for school to start.
I can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees.
I can't wait for summer vacation to start.
I can't wait for summer!
I can't wait for summer.
I can't wait for that day to come.
I can't wait for that to happen.
I can't wait for the chair I wanted to arrive at my house.
I can't wait for the day Samy finds a job in Cairo.
I can't wait for the first snow.
I can't wait for the war to end.
I can't wait for the weekend to begin.
I can't wait for them.
I can't wait for this song to end.
I can't wait for this.
I can't wait for three more days.
I can't wait for tomorrow to come.
I can't wait for tomorrow.
I can't wait for you to meet my friends.
I can't wait for you.
I can't wait forever.
I can't wait here any longer.
I can't wait here like this.
I can't wait here much longer.
I can't wait much longer.
I can't wait ten minutes.
I can't wait that long.
I can't wait till Sunday.
I can't wait till next Monday.
I can't wait till next week.
I can't wait till summer.
I can't wait till tomorrow.
I can't wait to be Mrs. Bakir.
I can't wait to be a father.
I can't wait to be able to eat ice cream.
I can't wait to be back on the team again.
I can't wait to be married.
I can't wait to be with you.
I can't wait to become an adult.
I can't wait to begin.
I can't wait to beon the roadagain.
I can't wait to check it out.
I can't wait to cheer for our team.
I can't wait to die.
I can't wait to do that again.
I can't wait to do that.
I can't wait to eat it.
I can't wait to eat the cake.
I can't wait to face him.
I can't wait to fight again.
I can't wait to find out how I did on the test.
I can't wait to find out if I got the job or not.
I can't wait to find out what Tom has made for me as a present.
I can't wait to find out what's going to happen.
I can't wait to find out whether it's true.
I can't wait to find out.
I can't wait to finish.
I can't wait to get a copy.
I can't wait to get back to Boston.
I can't wait to get back to our own house.
I can't wait to get back to work.
I can't wait to get home.
I can't wait to get in there.
I can't wait to get married.
I can't wait to get my driver's license.
I can't wait to get new tires.
I can't wait to get one.
I can't wait to get out of here.
I can't wait to get out of prison.
I can't wait to get started.
I can't wait to get there.
I can't wait to geton the roadagain.
I can't wait to go back home again.
I can't wait to go back to Australia.
I can't wait to go back to Boston.
I can't wait to go back to my country.
I can't wait to go home.
I can't wait to go hunting with Tom.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
I can't wait to go on vacation.
I can't wait to go one day.
I can't wait to go to Australia to see Tom.
I can't wait to go to Australia to visit Tom.
I can't wait to go to Australia.
I can't wait to go to Boston to visit Tom.
I can't wait to go to Boston.
I can't wait to go to Kabylie.
I can't wait to go to college.
I can't wait to go to high school.
I can't wait to go.
I can't wait to graduate from high school.
I can't wait to graduate.
I can't wait to hear Gustavo's movie review.
I can't wait to hear Tom's side of the story.
I can't wait to hear about your vacation.
I can't wait to hear it.
I can't wait to hear you sing again.
I can't wait to hear your side of the story.
I can't wait to hear your version of the story.
I can't wait to hear your voice, Tom.
I can't wait to hold you again.
I can't wait to hug you again.
I can't wait to hug you.
I can't wait to leave this place.
I can't wait to leave this shitty place.
I can't wait to leave.
I can't wait to make new friends in Algiers.
I can't wait to marry you.
I can't wait to meet Tom.
I can't wait to meet her.
I can't wait to meet him.
I can't wait to meet this girl.
I can't wait to meet you all.
I can't wait to meet you.
I can't wait to meet your family.
I can't wait to play Dungeons and Dragons over Zoom this weekend.
I can't wait to see Algiers one day.
I can't wait to see Tom again.
I can't wait to see Tom and his children.
I can't wait to see Tom's Halloween costume.
I can't wait to see Tom's costume.
I can't wait to see Tom's face when Mary gets here.
I can't wait to see Tom.
I can't wait to see all the nice comments I'm probably gonna get.
I can't wait to see her again.
I can't wait to see her.
I can't wait to see him.
I can't wait to see how Tom handles that.
I can't wait to see how it turns out.
I can't wait to see how things turn out.
I can't wait to see it.
I can't wait to see their faces.
I can't wait to see what Tom and Mary have planned.
I can't wait to see what Tom does.
I can't wait to see what Tom has planned.
I can't wait to see what Tom will do.
I can't wait to see what happens next.
I can't wait to see what you're going to do next.
I can't wait to see you again.
I can't wait to see you all in Australia.
I can't wait to see you all in Boston.
I can't wait to see you all there.
I can't wait to see you guys again in March.
I can't wait to see you guys again in October.
I can't wait to see you guys again.
I can't wait to see you in this Kabyle dress.
I can't wait to see you.
I can't wait to see your Halloween costume.
I can't wait to share Tom's foie gras with you!
I can't wait to share it.
I can't wait to show you what we've accomplished.
I can't wait to show you what we've done.
I can't wait to shower.
I can't wait to sink my teeth into Adriano's steak.
I can't wait to sleep in my own bed again.
I can't wait to spend the night with her.
I can't wait to start my German classes.
I can't wait to take a day off. It's been months since my last vacation. At the very least, I would like to have a long weekend just to relax a little.
I can't wait to take you to Kabylie.
I can't wait to talk to Tom.
I can't wait to talk to you.
I can't wait to tell Tom about this.
I can't wait to tell Tom that I met you.
I can't wait to tell Tom the good news.
I can't wait to tell Tom.
I can't wait to tell everybody at home.
I can't wait to tell everybody.
I can't wait to tell her.
I can't wait to tell him.
I can't wait to tell them.
I can't wait to tell you about my trip.
I can't wait to tell you about what we did.
I can't wait to tell you.
I can't wait to throw these water balloons at the Yanni.
I can't wait to try William's famous recipe.
I can't wait to try on my Shawi dress.
I can't wait to try this dress on.
I can't wait to try this new vegan ice cream.
I can't wait to try this on.
I can't wait to try your mince pies.
I can't wait to visit Australia.
I can't wait to visit Boston.
I can't wait to visit my grandmother.
I can't wait to watch season 3!
I can't wait to work with Tom.
I can't wait to work with all of you.
I can't wait to work with you, guys.
I can't wait to work with you.
I can't wait too much longer.
I can't wait turning 18.
I can't wait until I have a kid.
I can't wait until I'm all grown-up.
I can't wait until I'm an adult.
I can't wait until Monday morning.
I can't wait until Monday.
I can't wait until after school.
I can't wait until after the game.
I can't wait until it's my birthday.
I can't wait until next week.
I can't wait until that happens.
I can't wait until the weekend!
I can't wait until things get back to normal.
I can't wait until tomorrow.
I can't wait until tomorrow. I'm so excited!
I can't wait until winter break!
I can't wait!
I can't wait.
I can't wake Tom up no matter how hard I try.
I can't wake up from this dream.
I can't walk alone.
I can't walk another step.
I can't walk any farther.
I can't walk any further.
I can't walk any more.
I can't walk anymore, Dad! Carry me please!
I can't walk anymore.
I can't walk as fast as he does.
I can't walk as fast as you.
I can't walk as well as I used to.
I can't walk away from an opportunity like this.
I can't walk away from this.
I can't walk barefoot.
I can't walk because of my broken leg.
I can't walk fast, but I can walk for a long time.
I can't walk fast.
I can't walk in the sun.
I can't walk in these shoes.
I can't walk out on you and Tom.
I can't walk properly because I have hemorrhoids.
I can't walk without a cane.
I can't walk yet.
I can't walk, but I can definitely hobble.
I can't walk.
I can't watch helplessly.
I can't watch this any longer.
I can't watch this any more.
I can't watch this anymore.
I can't watch this film, there is too much violence in it.
I can't watch.
I can't wear a mask because of a medical condition I have.
I can't wear that dress ever again, Tom. I saw that Mary had the same.
I can't wear these clothes anymore.
I can't wear these shoes.
I can't wear these stupid glasses another day.
I can't wear this old suit to that party.
I can't wear this.
I can't wear those clothes. They don't fit.
I can't whistle.
I can't win at this game.
I can't win.
I can't wind up my watch. It runs on a battery.
I can't wind up my watch. It's battery-powered.
I can't with her.
I can't work any more.
I can't work as hard as I used to.
I can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
I can't work for that company. To do so would be against my beliefs.
I can't work for this company anymore.
I can't work for you anymore.
I can't work for you.
I can't work here.
I can't work in the dark like this.
I can't work in this heat.
I can't work like this.
I can't work miracles.
I can't work now.
I can't work out the problem.
I can't work out what you're on about.
I can't work out why he did it.
I can't work out why she didn't come.
I can't work this evening.
I can't work this out.
I can't work today.
I can't work tomorrow.
I can't work tonight.
I can't work under these conditions.
I can't work up the nerve to say anything to her.
I can't work with Tom.
I can't work with her.
I can't work with him.
I can't work with them.
I can't work with these people!
I can't work with you if you don't trust me.
I can't work with you standing there.
I can't work with you.
I can't worry just about you.
I can't wrap my head around it.
I can't wrap my head around that.
I can't write French, but I can read it.
I can't write anymore.
I can't write anything at all.
I can't write correctly.
I can't write good French.
I can't write in Arabic. I don't have an Arabic keyboard.
I can't write in Chinese.
I can't write my paper when I can't find a stupid topic.
I can't write or speak French, but I can read and understand it.
I can't write sentences, Tatoeba won't load.
I can't write that well.
I can't write that.
I can't write today.
I can't write with this blunt pencil.
I can't write with this dull pencil.
I can't write yet.
I can't write you in private!
I can't write, and I can't read either.
I can't write.
I can't yet do that.
I can't yet make a firm diagnosis  for that, I'd first need all the test results. However, what your wife needs above all else now is rest.
I can't!
I can't, I'm afraid of heights.
I can't, I'm too high...
I can't, and I don't want to.
I can't, either.
I can't, however, agree with your opinion.
I can't, in good conscience, do that.
I can't.
I can't. I'm still eating.
I can't. It's too big.
I can't. It's too heavy.
I can'tdo that even thoughit looks easy.
I can, but I won't.
I can.
I canceled an appointment with her.
I canceled everything.
I canceled it.
I canceled my appointment because of urgent business.
I canceled my hotel reservation.
I canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends.
I canceled my order for the commodities.
I canceled my trip.
I canceled the appointment.
I canceled the flight.
I canceled the last meeting.
I canceled the meeting.
I canceled the newspaper delivery.
I canceled the order.
I canceled the wedding.
I canceled.
I cancelled my appointment because something urgent had come up.
I cancelled my hotel booking.
I cancelled one.
I candy the vegetables in the frying pan.
I cannot abandon my friend.
I cannot abide children's screams.
I cannot abide hearing you cry so bitterly.
I cannot abide him.
I cannot abide his manner.
I cannot abide such people.
I cannot abide the insult.
I cannot abide to see such cruelty.
I cannot accept an excuse like that.
I cannot accept her decision.
I cannot accept the fact that he is dead.
I cannot accept the gift.
I cannot accept these conditions.
I cannot accept this gift.
I cannot accept this plan.
I cannot accept this student in my school.
I cannot accept your gift.
I cannot accept your present.
I cannot accept.
I cannot account for her absence from school.
I cannot account for this strange happening.
I cannot account for what has happened.
I cannot acquiesce to this request.
I cannot add a sentence like this to Tatoeba.
I cannot add milk to this tea.
I cannot address the manager in a language he doesn't speak.
I cannot admit that the Immeasurable Power we call God has created without any purpose (just for fun?) so many billions of different living beings.
I cannot advise Tom. He never listens to me.
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
I cannot afford a holiday.
I cannot afford a long vacation.
I cannot afford buying a used car.
I cannot afford long vacations.
I cannot afford the time for a vacation.
I cannot afford the time.
I cannot afford to buy a car.
I cannot afford to buy a new bicycle.
I cannot afford to buy a new car.
I cannot afford to buy a used car.
I cannot afford to buy it.
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
I cannot afford to keep a car.
I cannot afford to leave you idle.
I cannot afford to leave you idle. You must take up a regular occupation.
I cannot afford to make a mistake.
I cannot afford to pay so much.
I cannot afford to trouble them any further than this.
I cannot afford what Tom can.
I cannot agree to his proposal.
I cannot agree to these conditions.
I cannot agree to your proposal as regards the deadline.
I cannot agree to your proposal.
I cannot agree with you anymore.
I cannot agree with you as regards that.
I cannot agree with you as regards the new plan.
I cannot agree with you on the matter.
I cannot agree with you on this point.
I cannot agree with you on this.
I cannot agree with you.
I cannot agree with your opinion.
I cannot aim at the bird. It's too far.
I cannot allow my emotions to interfere with my actions.
I cannot allow you to express any hasty resolution on a subject so important.
I cannot and won't blame you, Tom.
I cannot answer so many questions at a time.
I cannot answer your question.
I cannot answer your request offhand.
I cannot appreciate his logic.
I cannot appreciate the subtleties of the subject.
I cannot approve of the plan, seeing that it costs too much.
I cannot approve of you, my dear daughter, in having taken a liking to a stranger, whom you will probably never meet again.
I cannot approve of your going out with him.
I cannot approve the project.
I cannot approve your plan.
I cannot argue with Taninna. She's my uncle's wife.
I cannot ask Taninna out. I don't speak Berber very well.
I cannot ask the teacher about that.
I cannot assemble this engine. I have no experience.
I cannot attend the conference.
I cannot authorize Ken to go abroad.
I cannot bake bread. I don't have an oven.
I cannot bark like a dog. I'm a cat.
I cannot bask in the sun. It's too hot now.
I cannot be absent. I'm the manager.
I cannot be bothered to go.
I cannot be sure of the exact date, for some of my memoranda upon the matter have been mislaid, but it must have been towards the end of the first year during which Holmes and I shared chambers in Baker Street.
I cannot be tolerant of naughty children.
I cannot be too grateful for my parents' kindness.
I cannot be too grateful for my parents kindness.
I cannot be understood in German.
I cannot be without you.
I cannot be your lover.
I cannot bear her endless love.
I cannot bear it any longer.
I cannot bear such an insult.
I cannot bear such weight.
I cannot bear the pain any more.
I cannot bear this noise any more.
I cannot bear this pain.
I cannot beat my dog. I love him too much.
I cannot believe it!
I cannot believe my eyes.
I cannot believe that I'm trapped down here.
I cannot believe that it is already time to go home.
I cannot believe that she did that to me.
I cannot believe that she is already so old.
I cannot believe this.
I cannot believe what's happening in front of my eyes.
I cannot believe you did not see him then.
I cannot believe you used to be blonde and tanned.
I cannot bereave him of this pleasure.
I cannot bite. I have no teeth.
I cannot blame it on him.
I cannot bleat like a sheep. I'm a shepherd dog.
I cannot board a plane. I am afraid of planes.
I cannot boil water. There is no gas.
I cannot borrow money. I hate this.
I cannot brag about my team. It always loses games.
I cannot brake! The brakes are broken!
I cannot bray like a donkey. I'm a horse.
I cannot break this computer. It's not mine.
I cannot breast-feed my baby. I don't have milk.
I cannot breathe pure air. I live in a large city.
I cannot bring my car. There is no parking.
I cannot bring myself to accept your offer.
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
I cannot bring myself to help such a man.
I cannot bring myself to say such a thing.
I cannot bring this wall down by myself.
I cannot build a house. I don't have money.
I cannot but accept his invitation.
I cannot but admire him.
I cannot but admire his courage.
I cannot but admit the truth of your observations.
I cannot but believe her.
I cannot but feel anxious about the health of these women workers.
I cannot but feel sorry for him.
I cannot but feel sorry for the old man.
I cannot but give up my brother for lost.
I cannot but object to his opinion as to the matter.
I cannot but object to his proposal.
I cannot but regret the time wasted in this discussion.
I cannot buy spare parts for this car.
I cannot buy this book. It's too expensive.
I cannot calculate the final cost until I talk with our contractors.
I cannot calculate this. I am not an engineer.
I cannot call Taninna back. I don't have money.
I cannot call Taninna names. I respect her.
I cannot call anyone else tonight.
I cannot call the manager now. It's too late.
I cannot card the wool. This is Taninna's job.
I cannot carry this suitcase by myself.
I cannot catch birds. I don't like that.
I cannot change my clothes. There is no room where I can do that.
I cannot check my mailbox. There is no Internet here.
I cannot cheep like a sparrow. I'm a pigeon.
I cannot chew anything. I am toothless.
I cannot chew. I do not have teeth.
I cannot choose but hear.
I cannot clear the backyard by myself.
I cannot climb this mountain.
I cannot coherently formulate words without coffee.
I cannot come back in the current circumstances.
I cannot come in person, but my thoughts are with you.
I cannot come next week.
I cannot come today.
I cannot comment on this sentence, as I don't speak Russian.
I cannot complain to the teacher. She's very hard.
I cannot comply with his request.
I cannot comply with your request.
I cannot comply with your requirement.
I cannot conceive why she has done such a thing.
I cannot concentrate at all.
I cannot confirm this.
I cannot connect my phone to the Internet.
I cannot consent to your going alone.
I cannot console Taninna. She doesn't want to talk to anyone.
I cannot continue my class with you chattering to one another.
I cannot control my thirst, my desire...
I cannot control myself.
I cannot coo like a pigeon. I'm a hawk.
I cannot cook as well as my mother does.
I cannot cook at all.
I cannot correct this sentence. I don't know Polish.
I cannot cough. The baby is sleeping.
I cannot crawl like this. My knees hurt.
I cannot cross this river. It's too wide.
I cannot cut the meat by myself. Help me.
I cannot dance as well as he does.
I cannot dance one single step of Salsa.
I cannot dance with Taninna. I'm too shy.
I cannot dance worth a damn.
I cannot dance.
I cannot date Mary. She's Ken's fiance.
I cannot deal with this problem without help.
I cannot decide whether to go or not.
I cannot decipher what Tom wrote.
I cannot decorate this house. It's not mine.
I cannot dedicate my life to you.
I cannot defeat them.
I cannot defend myself.
I cannot deny him this pleasure.
I cannot deny it.
I cannot describe my feelings.
I cannot described the terror that washed over me when I saw that man standing by my tent.
I cannot dig a hole in the middle of the street.
I cannot disappoint Tom.
I cannot disclose any information about the informant.
I cannot dispense with a coat in winter.
I cannot dispense with coffee after meals.
I cannot dispense with this book till Sunday.
I cannot dispense with this dictionary.
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.
I cannot disturb the doctor at this time.
I cannot do all these.
I cannot do anything else.
I cannot do it alone. You need to help me.
I cannot do it in such a brief time.
I cannot do it today.
I cannot do it without the dictionary.
I cannot do it!
I cannot do it.
I cannot do more for you, Tom.
I cannot do otherwise than obey him.
I cannot do shopping in this country. I don't know a word of Spanish.
I cannot do that to Tom.
I cannot do that; it is against my programming.
I cannot do the work on my own.
I cannot do this.
I cannot do without a dictionary.
I cannot do without any money.
I cannot do without sugar in my coffee.
I cannot do without this book.
I cannot do without this dictionary even a day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I cannot do without this dictionary.
I cannot do without your advice.
I cannot do without your help, either.
I cannot draw a car. It's too difficult.
I cannot dress myself. Can you help me?
I cannot drill the door. This is Ken's job.
I cannot drink coffee this sweet.
I cannot drink coffee without sugar.
I cannot drink coffee.
I cannot drink tea without sugar.
I cannot drink this. I don't know what it is.
I cannot drive Taninna to school. My car is broken down.
I cannot drive a bus.
I cannot drive a car. I don't have a driver's license.
I cannot drive a motorcycle, much less a car.
I cannot drive my car to work tomorrow.
I cannot drop Taninna here. There is a policeman.
I cannot dry my hair. I don't have a hairdrier.
I cannot dye my hair. My mother would kill me!
I cannot eat any more.
I cannot eat anything today.
I cannot eat carrots. I don't like them.
I cannot eat milk chocolate.
I cannot eat peanuts because I am allergic to them.
I cannot eat.
I cannot encourage Ken. He's my opponent.
I cannot endure being disturbed in my work.
I cannot endure your going.
I cannot entertain such a request.
I cannot even boil water, much less roast a turkey.
I cannot even though I want to.
I cannot excuse her.
I cannot explain how this could happen.
I cannot explain it to you now.
I cannot express enough the importance of grammatical accuracy.
I cannot express how happy I was at the news.
I cannot express how pleased I was then.
I cannot express much with words.
I cannot express my gratitude with words.
I cannot fan myself with Taninna's magazine. She would get mad at me.
I cannot fancy going out in this weather.
I cannot feed John's dog. It's too vicious.
I cannot feel a thing.
I cannot feel at home in such a hotel.
I cannot feel my fingers, they are frozen.
I cannot fell this tree. It's very big.
I cannot figure out where we are now.
I cannot figure out why he has done that.
I cannot fill my pitcher with water. It's cracked.
I cannot find a solution. Help me.
I cannot find fault with him.
I cannot find his address.
I cannot find it.
I cannot find my car keys. Where can I have put them? I couldnt have lost them. I may have left them in my office. Somebody also might have stolen them. I believe I will find them in the end.
I cannot find my credit card.
I cannot find my dress.
I cannot find my new cell phone anywhere.
I cannot find my suitcase. Where did you put it?
I cannot find my wallet.
I cannot find the entrance.
I cannot find the knife.
I cannot find the lighter.
I cannot find the page I was looking for.
I cannot find time to read the book.
I cannot finish my work today.
I cannot finish reading such a thick book in a week.
I cannot finish reading this thick book in a week.
I cannot fire Ken. He's a good worker.
I cannot fish on the lake. It's forbidden.
I cannot fix the computer.
I cannot fix this machine. It's very difficult.
I cannot flex my neck.
I cannot fold this big carpet by myself.
I cannot follow his logic.
I cannot follow you.
I cannot follow your logic.
I cannot follow your theory.
I cannot for the life of me remember where it was.
I cannot forbear expressing my doubts.
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.
I cannot force you to do what I say.
I cannot forecast to you the action of Russia. It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma; but perhaps there is a key. That key is Russian national interest.
I cannot forget Taninna's face.
I cannot forget his kindness.
I cannot forget that year.
I cannot forget those kind people.
I cannot forget you.
I cannot forget.
I cannot forgive him because he insulted me in public.
I cannot forgive him just because he is a child.
I cannot forgive the makers of these faulty microscopes.
I cannot fry these eggs. They are rotten.
I cannot get across this river. It's too deep.
I cannot get along with him.
I cannot get angry with Taninna. She's my only sister.
I cannot get enough of it.
I cannot get enough sleep any more.
I cannot get in touch with him.
I cannot get into this office if the manager is not here.
I cannot get myself to care enough to be offended by your dumb comment.
I cannot get on this boat if I don't find my luggage.
I cannot get pregnant. I am sterile.
I cannot get rid of Tom.
I cannot get rid of it.
I cannot get rid of my cough.
I cannot get that song out of my head.
I cannot get the lid off.
I cannot get there in an hour.
I cannot get tired of Taninna. I love her so much.
I cannot get used to having to get up at four every morning.
I cannot get used to working with Tom.
I cannot get you a new login from here.
I cannot give it to you, Tom.
I cannot give them away.
I cannot give this dictionary to anyone.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
I cannot go down the stairs. Both my legs are broken.
I cannot go there tomorrow.
I cannot go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
I cannot go to the stadium by myself.
I cannot go to your house right now; I don't have time.
I cannot go up the stairs by myself. I'm old and I need an elevator.
I cannot go, nor do I want to.
I cannot go. For one thing I have no money.
I cannot grant that request.
I cannot greet Tania in Slovene. I don't know this language.
I cannot grill this meat. It has gone bad!
I cannot grow a beard in the army.
I cannot guarantee it to you.
I cannot guarantee that Tom will do it properly.
I cannot guarantee the results are accurate, as this is not my field of expertise.
I cannot guess at all what is going on with him.
I cannot hang a picture in my office. It's forbidden.
I cannot harvest. I don't have a sickle.
I cannot hate you.
I cannot have a nap at the office.
I cannot have a rest now. I have a lot of work to attend to.
I cannot have dinner out. I'm very busy.
I cannot have lunch out. I have a meeting after a while.
I cannot hear anything.
I cannot hear anything. I'm deaf.
I cannot hear such a story without weeping.
I cannot hear the radio, please turn it up.
I cannot hear well.
I cannot heat the dinner. There is no gas.
I cannot help admiring his appetite.
I cannot help admiring his courage.
I cannot help admiring your new car.
I cannot help believing what he says.
I cannot help but acknowledge the truth of your remarks.
I cannot help but admit the truth of your observations.
I cannot help but be concerned about the commercialism of Hollywood movies.
I cannot help but laugh at it.
I cannot help but regret it.
I cannot help but sympathize with him any time I see him.
I cannot help crying for sympathy.
I cannot help deciding so.
I cannot help falling in love with her.
I cannot help falling in love with you.
I cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure.
I cannot help his being lazy.
I cannot help it.
I cannot help laughing at her joke.
I cannot help laughing at her jokes.
I cannot help laughing at him.
I cannot help laughing at his odd manner.
I cannot help laughing at my folly.
I cannot help laughing at the joke.
I cannot help laughing at you.
I cannot help laughing at your folly.
I cannot help laughing to hear such a story.
I cannot help laughing.
I cannot help liking him in spite of his many faults.
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults.
I cannot help myself.
I cannot help smiling at babies.
I cannot help thinking about him.
I cannot help thinking so.
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.
I cannot help wondering about the child.
I cannot help wondering at his progress.
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.
I cannot help you anymore.
I cannot help you because I don't understand Hungarian.
I cannot help you in any way.
I cannot help you more than this.
I cannot help you, not but that I pity you.
I cannot help you.
I cannot help you. I myself need help.
I cannot hire a driver. I don't have money for that.
I cannot hold back my wrath when he's around.
I cannot hold the horse.
I cannot howl like a jackal. I'm a goat!
I cannot hug Taninna. She doesn't love me anymore.
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation, whose purposes are modeled after our owna God, in short, who is but a reflection of human frailty.
I cannot imagine having a father as bad as Tom.
I cannot imagine it.
I cannot imagine our future without Tom.
I cannot imagine sharing an apartment with Tom.
I cannot imagine spending the whole weekend with Tom.
I cannot imagine working here.
I cannot imitate the President. I dislike that.
I cannot in good conscience accept this decision.
I cannot inflate all these balloons.
I cannot interrupt the manager. He's gonna fire me!
I cannot invite Taninna. We don't talk to each other.
I cannot iron my clothes. I have no iron.
I cannot jump into the sea. I don't know how to swim.
I cannot keep up the pace.
I cannot keep up these payments.
I cannot keep up with the pace.
I cannot keep you company. I'm short of money.
I cannot kill a mouse, let alone a little bird.
I cannot kill an animal unless it is a tiresome insect.
I cannot kiss Taninna. We are not married yet.
I cannot knead this dough by myself. I need you to help me.
I cannot know everything.
I cannot know.
I cannot laugh in front of the cameras.
I cannot learn Finnish because I don't want to live in Finland.
I cannot learn Icelandic. It's too difficult.
I cannot leave home even for a moment.
I cannot leave my money here.
I cannot leave the car today. Let's see whether the gentleman will help me.
I cannot leave them completely alone in the shop.
I cannot leave them completely alone in the store.
I cannot leave.
I cannot leave. It's too early.
I cannot lend this book to you.
I cannot lend this dictionary. I always need it.
I cannot let it be.
I cannot let it go unchallenged.
I cannot let the remark pass by in silence.
I cannot let them catch me.
I cannot let them catch you.
I cannot let you go.
I cannot lick my fingers. I'm not a cat.
I cannot lie on the grass. We are at the royal palace!
I cannot lie to Taninna. She's my wife.
I cannot lie to you.
I cannot lift him.
I cannot lift such a heavy car.
I cannot lift this box.
I cannot lift this stone.
I cannot lift your weight.
I cannot light this candle. It's wet.
I cannot listen to Tom.
I cannot live far from the ocean.
I cannot live in such a neighborhood.
I cannot live in water. I'm not a fish.
I cannot live without brainwork. What else is there to live for?
I cannot live without mayonnaise.
I cannot loan you this dictionary. I always need it.
I cannot lock the door. I have lost the key.
I cannot look after myself, let alone buy a cat for my house.
I cannot look at these pictures. They are horrible.
I cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother.
I cannot look at you when I speak to you.
I cannot look back on my adolescence without feeling depressed.
I cannot look on anybody as a national hero with the exception of Shigeo Nagashima.
I cannot make Taninna happy. She doesn't love me.
I cannot make Taninna laugh. She doesn't like my jokes.
I cannot make any living.
I cannot make anything of the poem's meaning.
I cannot make anything of the poems meaning.
I cannot make anything of what he says.
I cannot make it Thursday because I will be at my cheese addiction support group.
I cannot make it today.
I cannot make my bed. I don't have time for that!
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
I cannot make out the meaning of this sentence.
I cannot make out what she is driving at.
I cannot make out why he isn't here yet.
I cannot make out why he isnt here yet.
I cannot make such a mistake. Russian is my native tongue.
I cannot manage a company. It's too hard for me.
I cannot manage on my own.
I cannot manage without his support.
I cannot mark anything on your work.
I cannot massage my back by myself.
I cannot match her in enthusiasm.
I cannot meet him out. It's raining.
I cannot meet their demands.
I cannot melt this ice. There is no fire.
I cannot memorize such a poem. It's too long.
I cannot mend this carpet. It's too old.
I cannot mention Taninna's name in presence of her father!
I cannot meow like a cat. I'm a mouse!
I cannot milk this cow. It's sick.
I cannot mime Ken in presence of the teacher.
I cannot miss the train. I always come to the station on time.
I cannot mix chilli with my food.
I cannot mock Ken. He's my brother.
I cannot modify this sentence because there is no edit tab.
I cannot moo like a cow. I'm a mare!
I cannot mop this floor. It's too dirty.
I cannot move my toes.
I cannot move my tongue to tell this!
I cannot neigh like a horse. I'm a donkey!
I cannot not say anything. Somebody has to speak up and break the silence.
I cannot open it!
I cannot open this box without breaking it.
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails.
I cannot paint this house in one day.
I cannot park my car in this neighborhood. There are a lot of thieves here.
I cannot pass the matter by without making a protest.
I cannot pass this exam. It's very difficult.
I cannot pat this dog. I am afraid it might bite me.
I cannot pay this fine. I don't have money.
I cannot pay.
I cannot peel potatoes. I don't have a knife.
I cannot peg up my clothes. It's too windy.
I cannot phone Marika. She lives in Finland!
I cannot pick my nose here. There are too many people.
I cannot picture myself being a teacher.
I cannot pinpoint what went wrong.
I cannot place confidence in his words.
I cannot plant trees here. This land is too dry.
I cannot play this game. I don't like it.
I cannot plow this land with one bull. I need a second one.
I cannot pluck the chicken. I cut my fingers with a knife.
I cannot possibly come.
I cannot possibly do it.
I cannot possibly finish the work by tomorrow.
I cannot possibly help you.
I cannot praise her enough.
I cannot praise them too highly.
I cannot praise you enough.
I cannot pray now.
I cannot pretend to be ignorant of the object of your visit.
I cannot promise you anything, Tom.
I cannot pronounce this word. It has no vowels.
I cannot pronounce your last name.
I cannot provide you with any more support.
I cannot prune this tree. It's too high.
I cannot pull Taninna's hair. She's much taller than me.
I cannot purr like a cat. I'm a dog!
I cannot put it so eloquently into words.
I cannot put my clothes into Taninna's cupboard. She would be mad!
I cannot put on makeup in the month of Ramadan.
I cannot put this fire out without help! Come to help me!
I cannot put up with Tom's demise.
I cannot put up with all that noise.
I cannot put up with her bad manners any longer.
I cannot put up with her behavior.
I cannot put up with his arrogance.
I cannot put up with his bad manners any longer.
I cannot put up with his carelessness any longer.
I cannot put up with his idleness any longer.
I cannot put up with his temper any longer.
I cannot put up with the noise any longer.
I cannot put up with this noise.
I cannot put up with this pain any more.
I cannot quite remember what her English name is.
I cannot quite understand it.
I cannot reach Tom.
I cannot read French.
I cannot read his comics without laughing.
I cannot read that.
I cannot read the book in so short a time.
I cannot read the thick book in a week.
I cannot read this book without shedding tears.
I cannot read this magazine. It's for women.
I cannot read without glasses.
I cannot really say which one the baby wants, since he's pointing at both.
I cannot recall Tom smiling.
I cannot recall anything else at this time.
I cannot recall his name.
I cannot recall the words of the song.
I cannot recall what Tom exactly said.
I cannot recall when he moved to Boston.
I cannot receive letters. I don't have an address.
I cannot receive messages. My mailbox has problems.
I cannot recognize it.
I cannot recollect Tom.
I cannot recommend her as a secretary.
I cannot recruit a cleaner. I can clean my office by myself.
I cannot reenter the county.
I cannot refrain from expressing my opinion about the affair.
I cannot relax if one of my friends is anxious.
I cannot release that information. It is private.
I cannot release that.
I cannot rely on Tom anymore.
I cannot remember Taninna's last name.
I cannot remember a single thing of what I did.
I cannot remember her name.
I cannot remember him.
I cannot remember the date offhand.
I cannot remember to whom I gave it.
I cannot remember what Tom wanted.
I cannot remove the film this hand soap left on my hair.
I cannot render a judgment on that.
I cannot repair this refrigerator.
I cannot repeat the year. I must pass the exam.
I cannot resist eating pudding.
I cannot resist you.
I cannot respect Tom.
I cannot respond to your request.
I cannot revise with this noise.
I cannot ride a horse. My leg is broken.
I cannot rinse the dishes. There is no water.
I cannot roar like a lion. I'm a jackal.
I cannot run as fast as Jim.
I cannot run because I am very tired.
I cannot run faster than he.
I cannot run. My feet hurt.
I cannot say a bad word about Tom.
I cannot say for certain that the patient will recover.
I cannot say for sure where he lives.
I cannot say how far his story is true.
I cannot say how much time passed.
I cannot say if he first caught sight of me or I of him, for he was crouched in the shadow of a lamp-post; seemingly on the chance of there coming that way a compassionate pedestrian who might be induced to give him a nights lodging.
I cannot say it to Tom.
I cannot say myself how happy I was after hearing that.
I cannot say to you what you have to do.
I cannot say who is on the list because I still have not seen the list.
I cannot say with certainty where Maria lives.
I cannot say.
I cannot scare the birds away. I am not a scarecrow.
I cannot scold Taninna. She's still a little girl.
I cannot scratch. I don't have finger nails.
I cannot search this word in the dictionary. I don't know the Arabic alphabet.
I cannot see Tom anywhere.
I cannot see anybody there but Tom.
I cannot see anything. I'm blind.
I cannot see him without thinking of my brother.
I cannot see it well.
I cannot see it.
I cannot see my dad.
I cannot see so good.
I cannot see the advantage of doing that.
I cannot see the hummingbird, because it is too far away.
I cannot see the stars. It's cloudy.
I cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood.
I cannot see without my glasses.
I cannot see you behaving like that.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
I cannot see your father.
I cannot see.
I cannot sell this car. I still need it.
I cannot send money to my family. I don't have a job.
I cannot send you the invitation.
I cannot set a trap here. It's forbidden to hunt.
I cannot sew buttons on this jacket. I need a stronger needle.
I cannot shake hands with the mayor. I had an argument with him last week.
I cannot sharpen this knife. It's too old and rusted.
I cannot shave my beard.
I cannot shear my sheep now. It's still cold.
I cannot shed a tear for that horrible man.
I cannot shoot with a gun. My fingers are broken.
I cannot shout at Marika. She's a guest and she comes from abroad.
I cannot show my teeth. They are in a bad state.
I cannot sign a contract without reading it.
I cannot silently overlook this problem.
I cannot sing in Chinese. It's too difficult.
I cannot sing in front of an audience for shame.
I cannot slaughter a bull by myself. I need two people to help me.
I cannot sleep because of the noise.
I cannot sleep in the street. It's too cold.
I cannot sleep well if I am stressed.
I cannot sleep.
I cannot sleep. I am just electrified by the knowledge of our imminent approach toward Pluto.
I cannot smell this perfume. I would sneeze.
I cannot smile at Taninna. She doesn't like me.
I cannot smoke. I am sick.
I cannot solve the problem on my own.
I cannot solve this problem.
I cannot speak Berber.
I cannot speak Chinese. I can just read it.
I cannot speak English without making some mistakes.
I cannot speak English, much less German.
I cannot speak English, much less Spanish.
I cannot speak French or Italian.
I cannot speak German.
I cannot speak Japanese.
I cannot speak Mandarin well.
I cannot speak Toki Pona very well.
I cannot speak Turkish.
I cannot speak and listen as well as I write.
I cannot speak in detail about any of that stuff.
I cannot speak in front of people.
I cannot speak.
I cannot spin wool. Only my grandmother knows how to do it.
I cannot spread mustard on my bread. I don't like it.
I cannot squash flies with my book.
I cannot stand being made fun of.
I cannot stand headaches.
I cannot stand her.
I cannot stand his arrogance any longer.
I cannot stand his comments.
I cannot stand that noise anymore.
I cannot stand the cold.
I cannot stand the loud scenic music.
I cannot stand this anymore.
I cannot stand this heat.
I cannot stand this noise.
I cannot stand this whole exhibitionism!
I cannot stand you anymore.
I cannot stand you telling me all the time what my faults are.
I cannot stand you.
I cannot stand.
I cannot start this engine. It's broken.
I cannot start till six o'clock.
I cannot start till six oclock.
I cannot stay out of this anymore.
I cannot step on the grass. It's forbidden.
I cannot stomach it.
I cannot stomach what Tom said to me.
I cannot stop Tom from doing it.
I cannot stop crying.
I cannot stop from thinking about this problem.
I cannot stop her.
I cannot stop him.
I cannot stop it.
I cannot stop laughing.
I cannot stop that noisy cat from getting into my garden.
I cannot stop the bleeding.
I cannot stop thinking about Tom.
I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.
I cannot support your conduct.
I cannot swear at a policeman.
I cannot swear in the presence of my brothers. I respect them.
I cannot swim at all.
I cannot swim. My leg is broken.
I cannot switch off the lamp. Taninna is still studying.
I cannot switch the lamp on. The baby is sleeping.
I cannot take a picture of this building. It's forbidden.
I cannot take a rest at the office. I don't want the manager to see me.
I cannot take a shower at night.
I cannot take a vacation. I'm the boss and I'm very busy.
I cannot take all the credit for it.
I cannot take less.
I cannot take my children to the movie theater.
I cannot take part in this work. I am very busy.
I cannot take the same route twice, because I am a woman.
I cannot take you seriously.
I cannot talk and think now.
I cannot talk to my workers in Chinese. Many of them don't understand this language.
I cannot talk to you now.
I cannot teach for free.
I cannot teach you, Tom.
I cannot tell Tom from his brother.
I cannot tell Tom.
I cannot tell a lie.
I cannot tell him from his brother.
I cannot tell how this is done.
I cannot tell my opinion without provoking him.
I cannot tell the difference between pork and beef.
I cannot tell this to my father.
I cannot tell when he will come, but when he comes, he will do his best.
I cannot tell whether this bus goes to the airport.
I cannot tell which is the right side of this paper.
I cannot tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
I cannot tell you how disgusted I felt with myself when I realized what I was doing.
I cannot tell you how to pronounce this word.
I cannot tell you that because I don't know.
I cannot tell you the truth.
I cannot tell you where Tom went.
I cannot tell you.
I cannot thank him enough.
I cannot thank him too much.
I cannot thank you enough for all your kindness.
I cannot thank you enough for your assistance.
I cannot thank you enough for your kindness.
I cannot thank you enough.
I cannot thank you too much for your hospitality.
I cannot thank you too much.
I cannot think about that.
I cannot think any other way.
I cannot think that I will ever meet him.
I cannot tidy my room. I don't have time.
I cannot tolerate his actions.
I cannot tolerate naughty children.
I cannot tolerate noisy children.
I cannot touch fire.
I cannot touch-type.
I cannot train with the military.
I cannot translate this book.
I cannot travel by plane.
I cannot travel to Boston as long as the visa ban is in effect.
I cannot trust a person like that.
I cannot trust what she says.
I cannot understand Korean. I have never learnt it.
I cannot understand anything he said.
I cannot understand his ideas.
I cannot understand how everyone said the Holy War occurred for a good cause.
I cannot understand it for the life of me.
I cannot understand it.
I cannot understand my school mate's Cantonese.
I cannot understand the Arabic Level 5 instructor. He speaks too fast!
I cannot understand the implacable hatred that he still feels for his old rival.
I cannot understand the physics teacher. I am completely lost!
I cannot understand this passage from the Bible for the life of me.
I cannot understand what Tom is so proud of.
I cannot understand what happened.
I cannot understand what he is driving at.
I cannot understand what you say.
I cannot understand why he doesn't listen to me.
I cannot understand why he left so suddenly.
I cannot understand why they are such good friends: they have little in common.
I cannot use a computer. There is no power.
I cannot visit the museum. It's too late.
I cannot visit you every day.
I cannot wait for going back to Kabylie.
I cannot wait for that weekend.
I cannot wait for the bus. It's late.
I cannot wait to see you.
I cannot wait until lunchtime.
I cannot walk any farther.
I cannot walk any further.
I cannot walk without a stick.
I cannot wash my car. It's going to rain.
I cannot watch Tom destroying my work.
I cannot watch this film. I don't like it.
I cannot water the backyard. There is no water.
I cannot wear makeup in the month of Ramadan.
I cannot wear these pants. They are too tight.
I cannot weave big carpets.
I cannot weigh myself. I don't have scales.
I cannot wet my hair. It's cold.
I cannot whistle.
I cannot wipe the table. I don't have a cloth.
I cannot wish the fault undone, the issue of it being so proper.
I cannot work in some settings.
I cannot work now.
I cannot wring this carpet by myself.
I cannot write this text by hand.
I cannot write today.
I cannot write traditional characters, but I am fine reading them.
I cannot write verses.
I cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
I cannot, however, neglect his warning.
I canvassed the whole town for orders.
I cant abide hearing you cry so bitterly.
I cant abide his rudeness.
I cant abide such a person.
I cant abide that fellow.
I cant abide that noise.
I cant abide that rude man.
I cant abide to see such fellows.
I cant absorb all of the lesson in an hour.
I cant accept the invitation because I have another engagement.
I cant accept this theory.
I cant account for his absence.
I cant add anything else.
I cant afford $40 for one book!
I cant afford London on an Army pension.
I cant afford a car.
I cant afford a new car this year.
I cant afford a new car, so Ill have to make this one do.
I cant afford a new car.
I cant afford a new coat.
I cant afford a trip because of my salary.
I cant afford eating in such an expensive restaurant.
I cant afford much because of the economy we are in.
I cant afford such a good camera as yours.
I cant afford the time for a journey.
I cant afford the time to travel.
I cant afford to buy a car.
I cant afford to buy a new bike, so Ill have to manage with this old one.
I cant afford to buy a new car.
I cant afford to buy a used car, much less a new car.
I cant afford to buy a used car, much less a new one.
I cant afford to buy an expensive car.
I cant afford to buy her a new dress.
I cant afford to buy it.
I cant afford to buy such an expensive car.
I cant afford to buy that.
I cant afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
I cant afford to go to the onsen this weekend. Im broke.
I cant afford to pay so much.
I cant afford to play tennis.
I cant afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo.
I cant afford to shop at such an expensive store.
I cant afford to waste a single yen.
I cant agree more.
I cant agree to your proposal on the ground that it is not fair and reasonable.
I cant agree with them on this matter.
I cant agree with you as regards that matter.
I cant agree with you here.
I cant agree with you in this respect.
I cant agree with you on that point.
I cant agree with you on this matter.
I cant agree with you.
I cant agree with your opinion in this respect.
I cant agree with your opinion.
I cant allow myself to buy a new car.
I cant allow you to do that.
I cant answer for his dishonesty.
I cant answer for his honesty.
I cant answer your question.
I cant apologize enough.
I cant apply my mind to anything with all that noise!
I cant approve of your going out with him.
I cant approve the plan.
I cant approve the project. It leaves much to be desired.
I cant ask for the test results. Im too terrified to hear them.
I cant attend the meeting.
I cant be around smoke.
I cant be bothered to do my homework.
I cant be bothered to go out tonight.
I cant be sorry.
I cant be unconcerned about your future.
I cant be without you.
I cant bear living alone.
I cant bear that fellow.
I cant bear that she should suffer so.
I cant bear the inconvenience of country life.
I cant bear the noise any longer.
I cant bear the pain.
I cant bear the sight of him.
I cant bear the thought of her with another man.
I cant bear this pain.
I cant bear to see good food going to waste.
I cant bear to see her cry.
I cant bear to see him cry like that.
I cant bear to tramp ten miles in this heat.
I cant bear to work with him.
I cant begin to fathom how someone could believe that one race is superior to another.
I cant believe I have to sit an exam on Sunday!
I cant believe I misplaced the party information and registration you sent to me.
I cant believe Tom ate the whole thing.
I cant believe Tom lied to my face about what happened.
I cant believe he had the balls to ask the boss for a raise.
I cant believe how hard it is to find decent grub around here.
I cant believe it!
I cant believe music doesnt exist.
I cant believe my eyes.
I cant believe some people still think coronavirus is a hoax. Real people have this disease!
I cant believe that he is that depressed.
I cant believe that she is older than my mother.
I cant believe that this is happening. Can someone please tell me that its a lie?
I cant believe that this is happening. Please tell me that its a lie!
I cant believe that you actually got into Harvard.
I cant believe that you enjoyed that movie.
I cant believe that you like that restaurant.
I cant believe that you love me.
I cant believe that you made Tom cry.
I cant believe that you really sold that junk for such a high price.
I cant believe that you were a cheerleader.
I cant believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.
I cant believe that you wouldnt enjoy playing cards with me and my friends.
I cant believe that youre really in love with me.
I cant believe this.
I cant believe you got away with sneaking out of your house last night. Your father didnt hear you.
I cant believe you havent even started it!
I cant believe you turned down that job.
I cant believe you werent as impressed as I was.
I cant believe youre going to give away all your money.
I cant believe youre not as excited as I am.
I cant believe youre not on the telephone.
I cant believe youre so clueless. Youre like a babe in the woods.
I cant believe youre taking pictures of cockroaches.
I cant bend him to my will.
I cant bend my right arm.
I cant blame you for breaking your promise.
I cant breathe through my nose.
I cant bring myself to do such a thing.
I cant bring myself to eat anything.
I cant bring myself to help him.
I cant bring myself to tell him that there is no hope of his being given the position.
I cant bring myself to tell him that theres no way hell get the position.
I cant bring myself to trust his story.
I cant buy a book this expensive.
I cant buy it for lack for money.
I cant calculate the final cost without first discussing it with our contractors.
I cant care anymore.
I cant carry all that baggage.
I cant check my mail. The server is down.
I cant choose where to go on vacation.
I cant come because I got sick.
I cant come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist.
I cant come up with a good idea.
I cant conceive how I could have made such a mistake.
I cant conceive of her deceiving me.
I cant conceive of living without him.
I cant concentrate on my work because of the noise.
I cant connect to the Internet.
I cant convey my feelings in words.
I cant cope with all of this.
I cant cut my nails and do the ironing at the same time!
I cant decide if Im happy or sad.
I cant decide unless you tell me your plan.
I cant decide whether to buy shoes or clothes.
I cant decide whether to join that club.
I cant decide which dress I should buy.
I cant decide which to choose.
I cant deny it. Youve got style.
I cant disagree with you on that.
I cant dispense with coffee at breakfast.
I cant dispense with watching television.
I cant distinguish a frog from a toad.
I cant distinguish him from his brother.
I cant do a pull-up yet, but Im working up to it.
I cant do any better.
I cant do any more than this.
I cant do anything but obey him.
I cant do anything else.
I cant do anything.
I cant do as he told me to.
I cant do it after all.
I cant do it anymore.
I cant do it either.
I cant do it for want of money.
I cant do it--not that a stronger person couldnt.
I cant do it.
I cant do more.
I cant do my job without a computer.
I cant do such a thing like you did.
I cant do the hard days work I used to.
I cant do two things at a time.
I cant do with him and his insolent ways.
I cant do with his arrogance.
I cant do without a coat in the winter.
I cant do without an air conditioner in the summer.
I cant do without coffee after meals.
I cant do without her help.
I cant do without this dictionary.
I cant do without tobacco.
I cant draw, but my sister is a great artist.
I cant drink alcohol.
I cant drink any more beer.
I cant drink any more.
I cant drink coffee as sweet as this.
I cant drink coffee.
I cant drink milk.
I cant drink such sweet stuff.
I cant drink the beer any more.
I cant eat a raw egg; it must be cooked.
I cant eat any more.
I cant eat meat.
I cant eat or drink very hot things.
I cant eat raw eggs; they must be cooked.
I cant eat that much food by myself.
I cant endure that noise a moment longer.
I cant endure the noise.
I cant ensure that he will pass the examination.
I cant ensure that she will be here tomorrow.
I cant even read French, much less speak it.
I cant even read Italian, let alone write it.
I cant even speak English very well, much less Spanish.
I cant excuse his laziness.
I cant explain it either.
I cant explain the difference between those two.
I cant explain the reason for his conduct.
I cant express how grateful I am.
I cant express how happy I was at that time.
I cant express myself in English very well.
I cant face this life alone.
I cant fall asleep.
I cant fancy going out in this weather.
I cant fancy his saying that.
I cant fathom what you said.
I cant feel at home in a hotel.
I cant figure him out.
I cant figure out how to delete what I just posted.
I cant figure out how to export my email addresses to a text file.
I cant figure out how to open this suitcase.
I cant figure out how to operate this machine.
I cant figure out how to post a comment to this blog.
I cant figure out how to register a new domain name.
I cant figure out how to solve the puzzle.
I cant figure out how to solve this problem.
I cant figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
I cant figure out how to transfer MP3 files to my iPod.
I cant figure out how to upload an image.
I cant figure out this mathematics problem easily.
I cant figure out what he is saying.
I cant figure out what he means.
I cant figure out what he really wants.
I cant figure out what she really wants.
I cant figure out what the writer is trying to say.
I cant figure out why he did it.
I cant figure out why he didnt tell the truth.
I cant figure out why he said so.
I cant figure out why she didnt come.
I cant figure out why you dont like jazz.
I cant find Tim.
I cant find Tim. Has he gone already?
I cant find a single flaw in her theory.
I cant find a single flaw in his theory.
I cant find any holes in his theory.
I cant find any logic to English spelling. "Ghoti can be pronounced as fish.
I cant find anything wrong with his theory.
I cant find fault with him.
I cant find my bag.
I cant find my briefcase.
I cant find my duffel bag.
I cant find my garment bag.
I cant find my girlfriends clitoris.
I cant find my glasses.
I cant find my glasses. I may have left them behind in the train.
I cant find my glasses. I may have left them behind on the train.
I cant find my key.
I cant find my keys anywhere!
I cant find my keys anywhere.
I cant find my luggage.
I cant find my notebook here; I must have put it elsewhere.
I cant find my pen.
I cant find my pipe.
I cant find my shoes.
I cant find my suitcase.
I cant find my ticket.
I cant find my ticket. I must have lost it.
I cant find my umbrella anywhere.
I cant find my vanity case.
I cant find my watch.
I cant find the address of my hotel.
I cant find the hand net.
I cant find the knife.
I cant find the strength to say anything to him.
I cant find the waistcoat of my three piece suit.
I cant find the word to express what I feel.
I cant find what I want.
I cant finish the job in so short a time.
I cant finish the job in such a short time.
I cant finish the thick book in a week.
I cant finish this part of the puzzle.
I cant finish this task until the director comes.
I cant fit in with them.
I cant fix the seat.
I cant fly.
I cant follow the course of your argument.
I cant follow you.
I cant for the life of me remember her address.
I cant for the life of me remember her phone number.
I cant forget her.
I cant forget his kindness.
I cant forget the day when I met him.
I cant forget, but I dont remember what.
I cant forgive him for behaving like that.
I cant forgive him for what he did.
I cant forsake a friend in trouble.
I cant get along with that man any more.
I cant get along with the neighbors any more.
I cant get anyone to assist me.
I cant get anywhere with it.
I cant get at the exact meaning of the sentence.
I cant get away from work now.
I cant get by on such a small income.
I cant get by without him.
I cant get her out of my mind.
I cant get in touch with him yet.
I cant get it in my hand.
I cant get my contacts out.
I cant get over how different the weather is here.
I cant get over it.
I cant get rid of a bad cold.
I cant get rid of a nasty cold.
I cant get rid of my cold.
I cant get rid of my pimples.
I cant get rid of that damned sentence!
I cant get rid of this cold.
I cant get sexual satisfaction.
I cant get that song out of my head.
I cant get the cap off this bottle.
I cant get the car to start.
I cant get the door to shut properly.
I cant get this silly tune out of my head!
I cant get this splinter out of my finger.
I cant get this work done by anybody.
I cant get touch in with him.
I cant get used to the new school.
I cant get you a reservation just then; is later OK?
I cant give up my dream.
I cant give up on my dreams.
I cant give up smoking.
I cant give you the answer today.
I cant go along with Jims plan.
I cant go along with what you said.
I cant go along with you on that point.
I cant go any farther.
I cant go any further.
I cant go back.
I cant go out because I have a lot of homework.
I cant go out today as Ive been asked to watch the house.
I cant go out today as Ive been told to house sit.
I cant go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
I cant go to class right now.
I cant go to the restaurant with you tonight.
I cant go until he comes.
I cant go when I havent been invited.
I cant go with you because Im very busy.
I cant go, nor do I want to.
I cant guess the reason for his conduct.
I cant guess what to do next.
I cant handle daily tasks anymore.
I cant hear it.
I cant hear myself!
I cant hear very well.
I cant hear what youre saying.
I cant hear what youre saying; its too noisy here.
I cant hear you very well.
I cant hear you.
I cant hear, I cant hear, Im made of wood, I have fish ears!
I cant help admiring his talent.
I cant help being a fool.
I cant help but complain.
I cant help but feel that when I come here, all my senses are sharper than usual.
I cant help but laugh when I think about that.
I cant help but think youre making a mistake.
I cant help crying.
I cant help doing that.
I cant help doubting his honesty.
I cant help feeling affection for the English countryside.
I cant help feeling sorry for Tom.
I cant help feeling sorry for him.
I cant help feeling sorry for the girl.
I cant help it.
I cant help laughing at her.
I cant help loving her.
I cant help loving my country.
I cant help making fun of him.
I cant help opposing the marriage.
I cant help sneezing, I caught a cold yesterday.
I cant help suspecting that he is lying.
I cant help taking painkillers when I have a headache.
I cant help thinking Father is still alive.
I cant help thinking my father is still alive.
I cant help thinking of the future.
I cant help you because I am busy.
I cant help you.
I cant help you. As a matter of fact, Im very busy just now.
I cant help you. Do your assignment yourself.
I cant hide my feelings for you.
I cant hide my feelings.
I cant hide my misery.
I cant hide the fact from you.
I cant hold it anymore.
I cant hold up my head before him.
I cant hold with such a politician.
I cant imagine John coming on time.
I cant imagine anyone wanting to adopt Ivan.
I cant imagine going out in this weather.
I cant imagine how to say it to him.
I cant imagine life on another planet.
I cant imagine life without you.
I cant imagine such a life.
I cant imagine that you could say such things.
I cant imagine that.
I cant imagine what he is thinking.
I cant imagine your not knowing her address.
I cant judge distance.
I cant keep doing this.
I cant keep my coat on in this heat.
I cant keep my eyes open.
I cant keep pace with you.
I cant keep pace with your plan.
I cant keep this up. Its an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the bosss face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad.
I cant keep track of all the changes taking place in the world of AIDS research.
I cant keep track of our family budget.
I cant keep up with the fashions of young girls these days.
I cant keep up with the recent British music scene.
I cant keep up with these changes in fashion.
I cant keep up with you if you walk so fast.
I cant keep up with you.
I cant leave this to others. Im no lifesaver but if I dont help her myself....
I cant leave work until five oclock.
I cant leave work until five.
I cant lend you any money.
I cant lend you money, because I dont have any myself.
I cant lend you this book.
I cant let him alone.
I cant let myself have any more setbacks.
I cant let the matter drop.
I cant let you talk about your own father that way.
I cant lie to you.
I cant lift my right arm.
I cant live any longer without him.
I cant live on ten thousand yen a month.
I cant live that kind of life.
I cant live without a TV.
I cant live without you.
I cant look after my parents and such either.
I cant look at this photo without feeling very sad.
I cant love anyone but you.
I cant make a decision on the spot. Ill have to talk to my boss first.
I cant make any sense of this letter.
I cant make any sense of this.
I cant make head nor tail of her lecture on health and physical education.
I cant make head nor tail of it.
I cant make head or tail of those directions.
I cant make head or tail of what you say.
I cant make heads or tails of this assignment.
I cant make heads or tails of what you said.
I cant make heads or tails of what you say.
I cant make her out.
I cant make him out at all.
I cant make him out.
I cant make it out.
I cant make it this time.
I cant make myself heard above the din.
I cant make myself understood in English.
I cant make myself understood in French.
I cant make myself understood in German.
I cant make out in the business world.
I cant make out the meaning of this sentence.
I cant make out what he says.
I cant make out what he wants.
I cant make out what he was saying.
I cant make out what she is saying.
I cant make out what she said.
I cant make out what she wants.
I cant make out what the man is saying.
I cant make out what you are trying to say.
I cant make out what youre saying.
I cant make out why he is so much troubled.
I cant make out why he isnt here yet.
I cant make sense of these sentences.
I cant memorize so many of these letters.
I cant move.
I cant necessarily agree with you on that point.
I cant open SWF files.
I cant open the door. Do you have the key?
I cant pay for the car.
I cant picture her playing the piano.
I cant picture what Mt. Fuji looks like in the spring.
I cant play chess yet.
I cant play tennis as well as Tom.
I cant play tennis very much.
I cant play tennis very well.
I cant play the guitar, much less the violin.
I cant play the piano at all. Im all thumbs.
I cant play the piano, but she can.
I cant possibly manage it.
I cant possibly think your story is true.
I cant praise him enough.
I cant pretend to like him.
I cant prevent myself from thinking.
I cant promise a reply, but you can send mail to me.
I cant promise anything, but Ill do my best.
I cant prove it, but Im sure he was murdered.
I cant prove that to the police.
I cant put it off any longer.
I cant put up with an insult like this.
I cant put up with her any longer.
I cant put up with him any longer.
I cant put up with him.
I cant put up with his arrogance.
I cant put up with his behavior any longer.
I cant put up with his insolence.
I cant put up with his rudeness any more.
I cant put up with his violence any longer.
I cant put up with it any longer.
I cant put up with it.
I cant put up with such bad conditions any more.
I cant put up with that loud noise.
I cant put up with that noise any longer.
I cant put up with that noise.
I cant put up with the heat any longer.
I cant put up with the noise any longer.
I cant put up with the noise.
I cant put up with the way he spits.
I cant put up with these insults.
I cant put up with this any longer.
I cant put up with this cold.
I cant put up with this hot weather.
I cant put up with this noise anymore.
I cant put up with this noise.
I cant put up with this smell.
I cant quarrel with my sister because shes too kind.
I cant quite explain it, but I believe Ive caught a glimpse of the differences between Japanese and American cultures and lifestyles.
I cant quite place his accent.
I cant reach it.
I cant reach the ceiling.
I cant reach the skylight.
I cant reach the top shelf.
I cant reach the transom.
I cant read Arabic script.
I cant read French, let alone speak it.
I cant read French, nor can I speak it.
I cant read small letters.
I cant read your mind.
I cant really describe it.
I cant really read her.
I cant really trust Toshiba.
I cant recall any family traditions.
I cant recall her name at the moment.
I cant recall her name.
I cant recall the exact words.
I cant recollect his explanation.
I cant recollect how to do it.
I cant relax when Im talking with him.
I cant remember for the moment.
I cant remember her address no matter how much I try.
I cant remember her address.
I cant remember her name.
I cant remember her phone number no matter how much I try.
I cant remember his explanation.
I cant remember his name.
I cant remember how to go there.
I cant remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
I cant remember how to spell her name.
I cant remember how to use this machine.
I cant remember now.
I cant remember the last time I saw Tom.
I cant remember the last time we laughed together.
I cant remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.
I cant remember the melody to that song.
I cant remember the tune of that song.
I cant remember what I did last Monday.
I cant remember what Timothy looks like, but Im sure Ill know him by sight.
I cant remember what question I asked him.
I cant remember when he moved to Boston.
I cant remember where I bought it.
I cant remember where this little doodad goes.
I cant remember which is my racket.
I cant remember.
I cant remove my earwax.
I cant repair the computer.
I cant reply to your message immediately, since I cant type fast.
I cant resist her.
I cant resist sweet things.
I cant run as fast as you.
I cant run away from the fascination of music.
I cant say I envy you for being a rat.
I cant say I share your enthusiasm for the idea.
I cant say Im happy about retirement.
I cant say anything against it.
I cant say for sure.
I cant say that Mr. Kelly has lived a saints life.
I cant say the opposite.
I cant say.
I cant see anything with my right eye.
I cant see anything.
I cant see her ruin her whole life.
I cant see in because the curtains are closed.
I cant see myself lying in bed until eleven oclock.
I cant see the end.
I cant see the movie.
I cant see the road signs in this fog.
I cant see the stage well from this seat.
I cant see the words on the blackboard.
I cant see this picture without thinking of my mother.
I cant see well.
I cant see what you mean.
I cant see you due to the press of business.
I cant see you today because I feel ill.
I cant see you without thinking of your mother.
I cant see!
I cant seem to find your last e-mail, I wonder if you can resend it to me.
I cant seem to get him to fix this machine.
I cant seize the meaning.
I cant sell it for love or money.
I cant settle for this boring life.
I cant shake him.
I cant shake off her seduction.
I cant shake off my cold.
I cant shake the feeling that theres someone else in the house with us.
I cant sing as well as Mary did.
I cant sit for the examination because I am ill.
I cant sleep after watching a scary film.
I cant sleep at all!
I cant sleep at all.
I cant sleep at night.
I cant sleep because of the noise.
I cant sleep well.
I cant sleep with all this noise.
I cant sleep with all this racket going on.
I cant sleep, and Im just looking at the clock.
I cant smell well. I have lost my sense of smell.
I cant smoke.
I cant solve this problem.
I cant solve this problem. Its too difficult for me.
I cant sort out my thoughts.
I cant speak English as fluently as Naomi.
I cant speak English as well as he can.
I cant speak English as well as he.
I cant speak English at all.
I cant speak English, much less German.
I cant speak French at all.
I cant speak French well.
I cant speak French.
I cant speak Japanese.
I cant speak Kannada.
I cant speak Klingon.
I cant speak fluent Indonesian yet.
I cant speak that fast.
I cant stand all this noise.
I cant stand an awful sweat like this.
I cant stand arugula or any bitter greens.
I cant stand being cooped up in this prison!
I cant stand being disturbed in my work.
I cant stand being laughed at in front of others.
I cant stand being laughed at in public.
I cant stand cowards.
I cant stand dirty old men in the subway.
I cant stand getting beaten.
I cant stand her any longer!
I cant stand her jealousy.
I cant stand him.
I cant stand his arrogance any longer.
I cant stand his arrogance.
I cant stand his behavior anymore.
I cant stand his impoliteness.
I cant stand humidity.
I cant stand it anymore.
I cant stand it that shes suffering so.
I cant stand it.
I cant stand losing her.
I cant stand my crazy life.
I cant stand naughty children.
I cant stand panties.
I cant stand raw fish.
I cant stand reptiles.
I cant stand so many cars honking their horns at the same time!
I cant stand that attitude of his.
I cant stand that guy.
I cant stand that kind of politician.
I cant stand that man.
I cant stand that nasty attitude of his any longer.
I cant stand that noise any longer.
I cant stand that noise.
I cant stand that silly woman.
I cant stand the cold here.
I cant stand the heat.
I cant stand the noise from the street.
I cant stand the noise.
I cant stand this cold anymore.
I cant stand this cold.
I cant stand this heat.
I cant stand this hot summer.
I cant stand this noise any longer.
I cant stand this noise.
I cant stand this pain any more.
I cant stand this pain.
I cant stand this stomach-ache.
I cant stand those goody-goody types.
I cant stand to see animals be teased.
I cant stand to take another university entrance exam!
I cant stand to watch you.
I cant stand up.
I cant stand your behaviour any more.
I cant start my day without my keys.
I cant start up my computer. What am I supposed to do?
I cant stay here forever.
I cant stay long today.
I cant stay long. I have plans.
I cant stop browsing Tatoeba.
I cant stop coughing.
I cant stop my nosebleed.
I cant stop sneezing.
I cant stop thinking about that.
I cant straighten out my back.
I cant stretch my right arm.
I cant study anywhere in my house. Its too noisy.
I cant study with you watching me.
I cant survive without air conditioning in the summer.
I cant swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
I cant swim at all.
I cant take any more work.
I cant take any more!
I cant take his behaviour.
I cant take it any more.
I cant take it anymore! I havent slept for three days!
I cant take my eyes off her.
I cant take the heat.
I cant take the place of her as an English teacher.
I cant take this anymore. Ive lost my temper completely.
I cant take this shit anymore.
I cant take time off for a trip with my current pay.
I cant take your lies anymore.
I cant talk with my father without losing my temper.
I cant talk with people.
I cant talk.
I cant tell a frog from a toad.
I cant tell her from her twin sister.
I cant tell her now. Its not that simple anymore.
I cant tell his twin sisters apart.
I cant tell if Tom is joking or not.
I cant tell if it will be raining tomorrow.
I cant tell if the party will return tomorrow.
I cant tell it.
I cant tell one twin from the other.
I cant tell the difference between them.
I cant tell whether hes crying or laughing.
I cant tell which work is better than the other.
I cant tell who will arrive first.
I cant tell you everything Ive been told because Ive been told not to.
I cant tell you everything.
I cant tell you exactly how long it will take.
I cant tell you how happy I am that youve come to visit us.
I cant tell you how many times Ive been there.
I cant tell you how much I appreciate your help.
I cant tell you how much I love you.
I cant tell you how much Ive been looking forward to your visit.
I cant tell you how much this means to me.
I cant tell you how much your support means to us.
I cant tell you how sorry I am.
I cant tell you how to do that.
I cant tell you how to pronounce the word.
I cant tell you the answer to that yet.
I cant tell you the truth.
I cant tell you the whole story now, but in brief, my parents arent coming here this summer.
I cant tell you what Tom told me.
I cant tell you what an honor this is.
I cant tell you what we did last night.
I cant tell you what we ended up doing.
I cant tell you when Tom will get here.
I cant tell you why Tom is late.
I cant tell you. Its a secret and if I told you, it wouldnt be a secret anymore.
I cant thank you enough for what you did for me.
I cant thank you enough for your kindness.
I cant thank you enough.
I cant thank you more.
I cant think about the design any more.
I cant think of any other plan.
I cant think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.
I cant think of any solution to this problem.
I cant think of anybody else.
I cant think of anything.
I cant think of everything.
I cant think of her name at once.
I cant think of his name just now.
I cant think of his name.
I cant think of life without you.
I cant think of the right words with which to express my thanks.
I cant think of you as more than a friend.
I cant think otherwise.
I cant tie a very good knot.
I cant to do with her any more.
I cant tolerate this noise any longer.
I cant treat you today, but Ill make up for it next week.
I cant trust John with my car.
I cant trust him.
I cant trust in his word.
I cant trust such a man as he.
I cant trust such a man.
I cant turn my neck, because it hurts a lot.
I cant turn the shower off. Could you check it for me?
I cant understand anything the foreigner says.
I cant understand his feeling.
I cant understand his feelings.
I cant understand his ideas at all.
I cant understand his psychology.
I cant understand how your father managed to see through that man.
I cant understand that word.
I cant understand the meaning of this word.
I cant understand the psychology of adolescents.
I cant understand the psychology of such a man.
I cant understand this at all.
I cant understand this business.
I cant understand this signs meaning.
I cant understand this word.
I cant understand what he is thinking about.
I cant understand what he is trying to say.
I cant understand what he wants me to do.
I cant understand what she says.
I cant understand what you said at all.
I cant understand what youre saying.
I cant understand what youre trying to get at.
I cant understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
I cant understand why John turned down a job as good as that.
I cant understand why he did that.
I cant understand why people are frightened of new ideas. Im frightened of the old ones.
I cant understand why you are so critical of him.
I cant understand why you dont want to eat with Tom.
I cant understand why you said that. You dont know how to analyze numbers and charts.
I cant undo it.
I cant use a fork well.
I cant use this machine.
I cant venture out alone at night due to my age.
I cant wait any longer.
I cant wait any more.
I cant wait for Valentines Day!
I cant wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees.
I cant wait for the pond to freeze so that I can ice skate with my cousins.
I cant wait for the weekend to begin.
I cant wait for you.
I cant wait to go on a vacation.
I cant wait to visit my grandmother.
I cant wait until the weekend!
I cant walk another step.
I cant walk any farther.
I cant walk any further.
I cant walk because of my broken leg.
I cant walk fast, but I can walk for a long time.
I cant walk, but I can definitely hobble.
I cant want music to not exist.
I cant work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
I cant work out the problem.
I cant work with you standing there.
I cant wrap my head around the fact that hes still alone.
I cant write in Chinese.
I cant write with this dull pencil.
I cant.
I capture insects.
I captured Tom's queen with my knight.
I captured beautiful images in Beijing.
I captured beautiful places in China.
I captured butterflies with a net.
I captured one.
I captured your queen.
I carded the wool.
I care a good deal about what you think.
I care a great deal for you.
I care a hell of a lot less what people think than I used to.
I care a lot for him!
I care about Tom a lot.
I care about Tom very much.
I care about Tom.
I care about all of you.
I care about her very much.
I care about her.
I care about him very much.
I care about him.
I care about his psychological stability.
I care about my friends.
I care about my grades.
I care about that.
I care about the issue of global warming.
I care about them.
I care about this.
I care about what Tom says about me.
I care about what happens.
I care about what other people think.
I care about you a great deal.
I care about you and Tom.
I care about you and your family.
I care about you more than anyone else.
I care about you, but jealousy has to go.
I care about you.
I care for both of them.
I care for her very much.
I care for my elderly mother.
I care for myself. The more solitary, the more friendless, the more unsustained I am, the more I will respect myself.
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.
I care for you a great deal.
I care more than you think.
I care not a whit.
I care nothing for the news.
I care what other people think of me.
I care what people say.
I care what you think.
I care.
I cared about Tom.
I cared about her.
I cared about him.
I cared for the rabbits when I was at school.
I cared little for his opinion.
I carefully considered Tom's advice.
I carefully considered my options before making my decision.
I carefully considered my options before proceeding.
I carefully examined the body, which had not been touched until my arrival.
I carefully explored the contract.
I carefully took another step.
I carefully took down everything that my teacher said.
I carefully wrote down everything that Tom said.
I carelessly allowed the door to stand open.
I carelessly deleted your e-mail address and had to ask Russell in New Zealand for it.
I carelessly dropped a vase.
I carelessly dropped the vase.
I carelessly gave my email address to a stranger.
I carelessly ran into the telegraph pole.
I carpool with Tom.
I carpool with her.
I carpool with him.
I carpool with them.
I carried Mina.
I carried Tom down two flights of stairs.
I carried Tom suitcase for him.
I carried Tom upstairs to his bedroom.
I carried Tom.
I carried a bundle of wood on my back.
I carried both suitcases.
I carried brightness on my countenance.
I carried him to my bed.
I carried how much I wanted.
I carried iron, but didn't find anything heavier than debt.
I carried iron, but didnt find anything heavier than debt.
I carried my son on my back.
I carried on my work.
I carried on reading the book.
I carried on singing.
I carried on.
I carried one bag, but the other one was left behind.
I carried one.
I carried out Tom's instructions.
I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.
I carried out an inspection.
I carried the bag back to the tent.
I carried the baskets home.
I carried the box on my shoulder.
I carried the boxes upstairs.
I carried the heavy bag on my back.
I carried the heavy bags back from the store chanting yo-hee-ho all the way home.
I carried the heavy sack on my back.
I carried the message to Tom.
I carried the message to him.
I carried the piece of furniture upstairs.
I carried them to you on my back.
I carried three books.
I carry Carrie.
I carry a bag of rice.
I carry a gun most of the time.
I carry hope in my heart.
I carry hope wherever I go.
I carry my dreams wherever I go.
I carry my set of keys in my pocket.
I carry on playing pool.
I carry on reading every day.
I carry peace in every step.
I carry peace wherever I go.
I carry peace within my heart.
I carry the lessons of the past into the future.
I carry the lessons of yesterday into todays challenges.
I carry the light of the stars within me.
I carry the light within me.
I carry the past in my steps.
I carry the wisdom of silence.
I carry the wisdom of those before me.
I carry those bottles to Ugni n Ysaaed.
I cast about for a suitable reply.
I cast aside my chains.
I cast light on important matters.
I cast my fishing line into the sea.
I cast my net into the sea.
I casually learned that my namesake was born on the nineteenth of January, 1813.
I catch a cold easily.
I catch a cold every year.
I catch colds every winter.
I catch fish and let them go.
I catch the flu every year.
I catch the telephone.
I catch up with my reading on rainy days.
I catch up with you.
I catch your drift.
I categorically refused.
I caught Tom by surprise.
I caught Tom cheating.
I caught Tom drinking behind the school building.
I caught Tom flirting with my wife.
I caught Tom going through my papers.
I caught Tom in the act.
I caught Tom looking into the neighbors' windows.
I caught Tom reading my diary.
I caught Tom stealing apples from our tree.
I caught Tom stealing some money out of my wallet.
I caught Tom.
I caught a bad cold during the trip.
I caught a bad cold last week.
I caught a bad cold.
I caught a beautiful butterfly.
I caught a big fish yesterday with my bare hands.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I caught a big spider in the cellar and she's now in a jar in my room.
I caught a bus.
I caught a cab from the station to the hotel.
I caught a carp in a net.
I caught a carp.
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday.
I caught a cold last month.
I caught a cold today.
I caught a cold two days ago.
I caught a cold yesterday.
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
I caught a cold.
I caught a cold. That is why I could not attend the meeting yesterday.
I caught a cold. That's why I couldn't attend the meeting yesterday.
I caught a couple of big fish.
I caught a fish!
I caught a fish.
I caught a fly.
I caught a glimpse of Mount Fuji out of the train window.
I caught a glimpse of Mt. Fuji from the window of the train.
I caught a glimpse of her face.
I caught a glimpse of her.
I caught a glimpse of him as he turned the corner.
I caught a glimpse of him from the bus.
I caught a glimpse of him in the crowd.
I caught a glimpse of him.
I caught a glimpse of the house of a famous actress when I passed by it in a car.
I caught a glimpse of the other car right before he hit me.
I caught a glimpse of the phantom sitting behind the wheel.
I caught a head cold.
I caught a huge fish today.
I caught a mouse.
I caught a pickpocket dead to rights when he stole my money.
I caught a trout.
I caught a very beautiful butterfly.
I caught a very big fish today.
I caught all of those butterflies.
I caught all these butterflies.
I caught an STD.
I caught an awful cold.
I caught an earlier flight.
I caught an eel in my net.
I caught an eel.
I caught cold from exposure to the night fog.
I caught cold, I have chest pain.
I caught diabetes.
I caught five fish at the lake.
I caught five fish yesterday.
I caught flies.
I caught her by surprise.
I caught her by the hand.
I caught her in the act.
I caught her on her lunch break.
I caught her.
I caught him by surprise.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
I caught him by the arm.
I caught him cheating in the examination.
I caught him cheating on the exam.
I caught him cheating on the test.
I caught him eavesdropping at your door.
I caught him eavesdropping by my office door.
I caught him in bed with my best buddy.
I caught him in my room sniffing my underwear.
I caught him in the act.
I caught him lying.
I caught him on top of another.
I caught him practising in front of the mirror.
I caught him speaking ill of me.
I caught him stealing money.
I caught him stealing pears in the orchard.
I caught him stealing the camera.
I caught him stealing the money.
I caught him trying to go out of the room.
I caught him trying to sneak out.
I caught him when he tried to get away.
I caught him.
I caught it.
I caught just one fish.
I caught more fish than Tom did.
I caught my finger in the door.
I caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers.
I caught my son stealing from a cookie jar.
I caught my sweater on that nail.
I caught myself mindlessly scarfing down the freshly made food.
I caught on early.
I caught on to what the teacher was explaining.
I caught one.
I caught only three fish.
I caught sight of George on my way home this afternoon.
I caught sight of Mt Fuji through the train window.
I caught sight of Namie Amuro.
I caught sight of Tom.
I caught sight of a flock of sheep in the forest.
I caught sight of a fly escaping from the room.
I caught sight of a huge egg that had fallen into the middle of the road.
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.
I caught sight of an old acquaintance in the middle of the crowd.
I caught sight of an old friend of mine in the crowd.
I caught sight of her as she turned the corner.
I caught sight of her at Shibuya.
I caught sight of her figure in the distance.
I caught sight of her in the crowd.
I caught sight of her in the train.
I caught sight of him as I entered the room.
I caught sight of him escaping from that shop.
I caught sight of him on the bus.
I caught sight of him writing.
I caught sight of hundreds of birds.
I caught sight of the boy escaping from the classroom.
I caught sight of the boy.
I caught sight of the rabbit in the middle of the forest.
I caught some fish.
I caught the 2.30 train.
I caught the aforementioned suspect.
I caught the aforesaid suspect.
I caught the ball with both hands.
I caught the ball with one hand.
I caught the ball.
I caught the dog.
I caught the first bus home.
I caught the first train home.
I caught the flu.
I caught the fly.
I caught the intruder.
I caught the last bus home.
I caught the last bus.
I caught the last train because I walked extremely quickly.
I caught the last train home.
I caught the man stealing money.
I caught the man stealing the money.
I caught the man who was stealing money.
I caught the mouse.
I caught the rush-hour train home.
I caught the sound of his sobs.
I caught the thief.
I caught the wrong bus.
I caught them by surprise.
I caught them in the act.
I caught them kissing.
I caught them snogging in my office.
I caught them trying to jump-start my car.
I caught them.
I caught these fish.
I caught this fish this afternoon.
I caught this fish.
I caught this fish. Feel free to eat it in whatever way you like.
I caught three fish this morning.
I caught three fish today.
I caught three fish yesterday.
I caught three fish.
I caught two fish.
I caught up on all my homework last night.
I caught up with Tom.
I caught up with him soon.
I caught up with the others.
I caught up with them soon.
I caught up with you.
I caught you eating ice cream.
I caught you speaking to Mary.
I caught you staring at Ziri.
I caught you!
I caught you, you little rascal!
I caused a scene.
I caused an accident.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I caused him big problems.
I caused myself a lot of harm.
I caused the accident.
I caused this mess, so I'll clean it up.
I caused this.
I caused you to die.
I cautioned him against being late.
I cautiously clenched my cooch.
I celebrate my birthday every year on March 3.
I celebrate my birthdays.
I celebrate the Berber New Year with my family.
I celebrated Bastille day with a baguette, Roquefort and a glass of mediocre French red.
I celebrated New Year's Eve in Times Square.
I celebrated my birthday in Kabylie, Algeria.
I celebrated my birthday.
I celebrated with my favorite cup of coffee.
I certainly agree with that.
I certainly agree.
I certainly am going to miss Australia.
I certainly am going to miss Boston.
I certainly can't do that as well as you can.
I certainly can't tear myself into ten parts!
I certainly could use the money.
I certainly didn't expect that to happen.
I certainly didn't expect that.
I certainly didn't expect to see you here in Australia.
I certainly didn't expect to see you here in Boston.
I certainly didn't plan on doing that.
I certainly didn't plan to do that.
I certainly didn't say that.
I certainly didn't see this coming.
I certainly didn't think of it!
I certainly do hope that that'll happen.
I certainly do hope that you've learned your lesson.
I certainly do hope that'll happen.
I certainly do hope that's what's going to happen.
I certainly do hope you've learned your lesson.
I certainly don't blame you.
I certainly don't claim that.
I certainly don't condone that.
I certainly don't go out as much as I used to.
I certainly don't mind Tom talking to you.
I certainly don't mind helping you.
I certainly don't regret it.
I certainly don't see it that way.
I certainly don't subscribe to the view that women are necessarily more moral than men.
I certainly don't think that that's the case.
I certainly don't think that's the case.
I certainly don't want that.
I certainly don't want to do that.
I certainly don't want to go to prison.
I certainly dont subscribe to the view that women are necessarily more moral than men.
I certainly enjoyed traveling, and I still would if I could, but traveling is expensive and I don't earn as much as I used to.
I certainly feel bad.
I certainly had no idea Mary was thinking about killing herself.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were angry.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were planning to move to Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were studying French.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were thinking about getting divorced.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were thinking about killing themselves.
I certainly had no idea Tom didn't know how to swim.
I certainly had no idea Tom was angry.
I certainly had no idea Tom was going to move to Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom was planning to move to Australia.
I certainly had no idea Tom was planning to move to Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom was studying French.
I certainly had no idea Tom was thinking about getting divorced.
I certainly had no idea Tom was thinking about killing himself.
I certainly had no idea Tom would be coming over tonight.
I certainly had no idea that Tom didn't know how to swim.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was angry.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was going to move to Boston.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was planning to move to Australia.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was planning to move to Boston.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was studying French.
I certainly had no idea that Tom would be coming over tonight.
I certainly have had great luck.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary are right.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary do that.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary don't leave.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary wait for me.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary win.
I certainly hope Tom didn't do that.
I certainly hope Tom does that.
I certainly hope Tom doesn't do that.
I certainly hope Tom doesn't leave.
I certainly hope Tom doesn't win.
I certainly hope Tom is here.
I certainly hope Tom is right.
I certainly hope Tom waits for me.
I certainly hope Tom wins.
I certainly hope not.
I certainly hope so.
I certainly hope that Tom is here.
I certainly hope that that'll happen.
I certainly hope that you're planning to come to my party.
I certainly hope that you've learned your lesson.
I certainly hope that'll happen.
I certainly hope that's going to happen.
I certainly hope that's what's going to happen.
I certainly hope you're planning to come to my party.
I certainly hope you've learned your lesson.
I certainly intend to attend the meeting.
I certainly know what Tom looks like.
I certainly look calmer than I really am.
I certainly never killed anybody.
I certainly never killed anyone.
I certainly will do that.
I certainly will miss it.
I certainly will not cry!
I certainly won't choose her.
I certainly won't do that again.
I certainly won't go there.
I certainly would hope so.
I certainly would like a refund.
I certainly wouldn't come here if I knew Tom would be here.
I certainly wouldn't do that.
I certainly wouldn't have come here had I known Tom would be here.
I certainly wouldn't have left Boston if I didn't have to.
I certainly wouldn't want that to happen.
I certainly wouldn't want to be seen with Tom.
I certainly wouldn't want to do that.
I chained him to my sad fate.
I chained my bike to a tree.
I chained myself to one of the trees they were planning to cut down.
I chalked it up to tiredness.
I challenge you to a duel!
I challenge you to a duel.
I challenge you to a fight.
I challenge you to solve the problem.
I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis.
I challenged Tom to a duel.
I challenged Tom to a game of chess.
I challenged Tom to a race.
I challenged her for evidence.
I challenged him to a duel.
I challenged him to a game.
I chanced on a beautiful girl.
I chanced talking to her.
I chanced to be working there.
I chanced to meet him at the airport.
I chanced to see her on the street.
I chanced to see him in town.
I change my mind a lot.
I change my name every year.
I change my password almost every day.
I change my skin like a lizard.
I change my toothbrush every three months.
I change my underwear every day.
I changed Tom's mind.
I changed and enlarged the text.
I changed clothes.
I changed color.
I changed course.
I changed direction.
I changed domain name registrars after the CEO of my old one shot an elephant.
I changed it.
I changed it. Thanks.
I changed jobs.
I changed lanes.
I changed my address last month.
I changed my clothes, and went to bed.
I changed my clothes.
I changed my computer.
I changed my hair color.
I changed my hair, but he didn't like it.
I changed my haircut.
I changed my hairstyle.
I changed my mind about dinner. I'm not really hungry right now.
I changed my mind about doing that.
I changed my mind about going out and stayed home.
I changed my mind and decided not to go on a trip after all.
I changed my mind on second thought.
I changed my mind, so I'm not going.
I changed my mind.
I changed my name to Tom Jackson.
I changed my name to Tom.
I changed my name.
I changed my position on that.
I changed my profile picture on Facebook.
I changed my profile picture.
I changed my shirt.
I changed only a few words.
I changed plans. Moving would be too expensive right now.
I changed that sentence a bit.
I changed that.
I changed the English sentence.
I changed the French sentence.
I changed the French sentence; please check the English to see if it still matches.
I changed the Wi-Fi password.
I changed the apostrophe to the straight one that we use.
I changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room.
I changed the baby's nappy.
I changed the bedsheets quickly.
I changed the bulbs.
I changed the channel.
I changed the flag.
I changed the incorrect sentence.
I changed the keyboard's battery.
I changed the lock on my door.
I changed the locks on my doors.
I changed the radio station.
I changed the radio's battery.
I changed the script.
I changed the sentence according to your recommendation.
I changed the sentence completely.
I changed the sentence.
I changed the sheet.
I changed the sheets.
I changed the subject.
I changed the tire.
I changed their places.
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.
I changed trains at Ueno Station.
I changed.
I chant things to memorize them.
I charge a flat fee of 2,000 dollars per weekend for my services.
I charge high rates.
I charge legal advice.
I charge my phone daily.
I charge my telephone every day.
I charged the bags with tizi.
I charged them too much money for their room.
I charmed a secret out of her.
I charted our course with a compass, map and plenty of hope.
I chartered a jet.
I chase the dragon.
I chased Nuja.
I chased Tom away.
I chased Tom.
I chased him.
I chased the dog out of the store.
I chased the thief, but I wasn't able to catch him.
I chat with my friends via instant messaging.
I chatted with Tom and Mary.
I chatted with Tom.
I chatted with friends at a caf today.
I chatted with the guests.
I chauffeured.
I cheat.
I cheated on her.
I cheated on him.
I cheated on my Berber placement test.
I cheated on my French test.
I cheated on my boyfriend.
I cheated on my husband.
I cheated on my wife with my boss.
I cheated on my wife.
I cheated on the last test.
I cheated on the test.
I cheated.
I check her Facebook page constantly.
I check my email for new comments on Tatoeba.
I check my horoscope every day.
I check my mailbox almost every day.
I check off each task on my list as soon as I complete it.
I check to make sure I don't have lipstick on my teeth.
I checked Google, but I didn't find anything.
I checked Tom thoroughly.
I checked Tom's computer.
I checked Tom's pulse.
I checked all the calculations several times.
I checked and rechecked, so I don't think there are any mistakes on that report.
I checked every part according to the instruction book, but it did not run.
I checked every room in the house.
I checked everywhere.
I checked for any identification on its collar.
I checked her out from the corner of my eye.
I checked his pulse.
I checked in every hotel.
I checked in on Tom.
I checked in with Tom.
I checked into a hotel and went right to sleep.
I checked into a hotel.
I checked into a motel and went right to sleep.
I checked into a motel.
I checked it carefully.
I checked it out and tagged it.
I checked it out today.
I checked it twice.
I checked it with Tom.
I checked it yesterday.
I checked my bags.
I checked my briefcase and umbrella in the cloakroom.
I checked my emails.
I checked my letter box.
I checked my mailbox.
I checked my notes one more time to affirm that it was the place I had been told about.
I checked my oil.
I checked my phone.
I checked my pockets, but my keys aren't there.
I checked my sentences, found some mistakes and corrected them.
I checked my shirts.
I checked my watch and realized I was an hour early.
I checked my watch and realized that I was an hour early.
I checked my younger sister's homework for her.
I checked myself in the mirror.
I checked myself to see if I was looking all right.
I checked off the list all the trading cards we've gotten.
I checked on Tom's background and he seems to be a well-respected man.
I checked on the game 'briefly', just to remind myself what it was like, then ended up playing it for like 20 hours or something. I suppose that means it's an appealing game?
I checked one.
I checked online and I couldn't find anything about him.
I checked online.
I checked out every book in the library I could find about Islam.
I checked outside.
I checked that room myself.
I checked that.
I checked the cameras.
I checked the date.
I checked the door to make sure it was locked.
I checked the door.
I checked the engine, it's all right.
I checked the gauge.
I checked the glass cupboard and there was a glass missing.
I checked the link.
I checked the list.
I checked the map.
I checked the measurement.
I checked the time on my phone.
I checked the time on the clock.
I checked the time.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes.
I checked twice.
I checked up on you.
I checked upstairs. She's not there.
I checked with Tom.
I checked with her.
I checked with him to see if his address was right.
I checked with him.
I checked with them.
I checked your phone.
I checkmated my opponent by using my two rooks.
I cheered myself up by listening to music.
I cheered.
I cherish our friendship.
I cherish the silence, for it speaks louder than words.
I cherish this city.
I chew gum.
I chewed Tom out for being late.
I chewed some gum right after eating some carrots, and now there are carrot bits all over the wad.
I chewed the gum.
I chewed.
I chickened out.
I chilled the champagne with ice.
I chipped my tooth.
I chipped one.
I choked Tom.
I choked him.
I choked on a chicken bone.
I choked on some stomach acid and woke up.
I choked! I should have come up with a proper plan first.
I choked.
I choose French as the language of love.
I choose action over anxiety every time.
I choose authenticity over conformity.
I choose between two options.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
I choose not to disclose my religious beliefs. What is it to you anyways?
I choose not to drink alcohol. I am teetotal.
I choose not to express my feelings to you.
I choose sexual encounters instead of love.
I choose to be cautious with my emotions.
I choose to be happy.
I choose to believe you.
I choose to do the things that you won't so I can continue to do the things you can't!
I choose to honor my beauty, my only way to be.
I choose to keep my distance from social events.
I choose to keep my heart guarded.
I choose to protect my feelings.
I choose to see the divine perfection in every cell of my body.
I choose to speak the truth.
I choose to stay in my comfort zone.
I choose to take pride in my work.
I choose to work.
I choose truth over falsehood.
I choose what I buy carefully.
I choose you!
I choose you.
I chop down trees.
I chop wood every day.
I chopped a tree down.
I chopped chickpeas.
I chopped down the branch with an ax.
I chopped off the chicken's head.
I chopped one down.
I chopped some onions.
I chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil.
I chose Cloud storage for my backup data.
I chose a place to pitch my tent.
I chose a popular hiking trail.
I chose a word carefully.
I chose all three options.
I chose an particularly wide monitor for my work because it enables me to view two documents side-by-side at the same time.
I chose another path.
I chose between two options.
I chose cotton bedsheets.
I chose cream for the topping.
I chose dual nationality.
I chose family over money.
I chose floral curtains.
I chose health over money.
I chose him a nice tie.
I chose last time. You choose this time.
I chose not to believe that.
I chose not to do that the way Tom suggested.
I chose not to do that.
I chose not to leave.
I chose one.
I chose the colors.
I chose the less expensive one of the two.
I chose the most convenient flight: in the evening we fly out, in the morning we will be there.
I chose the right path.
I chose the second option.
I chose the sharpest scissors out of all his scissors.
I chose the third option.
I chose the wine.
I chose the wrong answer.
I chose the wrong approach.
I chose the wrong book.
I chose the wrong color, so now I need to repaint the room.
I chose the wrong one.
I chose the wrong queue.
I chose these over the shoes.
I chose these shoes.
I chose these weapons.
I chose this dictionary myself.
I chose this dictionary of my own accord.
I chose this profession because I don't like to deal with people.
I chose this school because its classes seemed interesting to me.
I chose this topic because I think it is interesting.
I chose this topic because I think it's interesting.
I chose this topic because I think that it's interesting.
I chose to carry it out on my own.
I chose to come here.
I chose to devote my life to Islam.
I chose to devote my life to the Berber language.
I chose to devote my life to the study of Islam.
I chose to do it voluntarily.
I chose to do that.
I chose to give my speech in French.
I chose to ignore that.
I chose to ignore the problem.
I chose to learn Berber.
I chose to learn the Berber language.
I chose to leave instead of staying behind.
I chose to look the other way.
I chose to quit.
I chose to remain quiet.
I chose to resign.
I chose to run away.
I chose to speak Berber.
I chose to speak in Berber.
I chose to stay.
I chose to study Berber.
I chose to study stenography.
I chose to study the Berber language.
I chose to talk to them in Berber.
I chose to teach Berber.
I chose to use Berber.
I chose to wait.
I chose well.
I chose what I thought was right.
I chose you for your values, not your finances.
I chose you.
I chowed down on an ant.
I chuckle until I have had my fill!
I chuckled again.
I chuckled at that one.
I chuckled.
I chugged a couple beers.
I claim that is not true.
I claimed damages against him.
I claimed my baggage.
I clapped excitedly.
I clapped him on the back.
I clapped my hands.
I clapped.
I clarify important issues.
I classify his music as rock.
I clean forgot it.
I clean my ears using cotton buds.
I clean my ears using cotton swabs.
I clean my ears with cotton buds.
I clean my room almost every day.
I clean my room every Monday.
I clean my room every day.
I clean my room more often than Tom cleans his.
I clean my teeth after 9.30 p.m.
I clean my teeth after breakfast.
I clean my teeth after half nine at night.
I clean my teeth after half past nine in the evening.
I clean my teeth before 9.30 am.
I clean my teeth before I go to sleep.
I clean my teeth with a toothbrush.
I clean the bathroom, and he takes the bins out.
I clean the bathroom.
I clean the car.
I clean the floor with a broom.
I clean up my room every Sunday.
I cleaned everything.
I cleaned my apartment yesterday.
I cleaned my bathtub.
I cleaned my feet.
I cleaned my room last night.
I cleaned my room.
I cleaned myself.
I cleaned one.
I cleaned out my car.
I cleaned out the fridge.
I cleaned that up.
I cleaned the basement quickly.
I cleaned the bath.
I cleaned the bathtub.
I cleaned the carburetor.
I cleaned the fish.
I cleaned the house from top to bottom today.
I cleaned the house.
I cleaned the kitchen.
I cleaned the litter box.
I cleaned the room.
I cleaned the spider-infested attic.
I cleaned the toilet.
I cleaned the windows in the spring but they're dirty again.
I cleaned toilets in a prison.
I cleaned up after the party.
I cleaned up the mess.
I cleaned your room for you.
I cleaned your room.
I clear cookies every time I close a tab.
I clear my lungs of the smoke lingering inside, and turn my eyes to a park shrouded in the dark.
I cleared his doubts.
I cleared it with my boss.
I cleared my throat and started speaking.
I cleared my throat, but no words came.
I cleared my throat.
I cleared the area of debris.
I cleared the clutter from the bed and tidied the room.
I cleared the garden.
I cleared the roof of snow.
I cleared the room to make space.
I cleared the table of the dishes.
I cleared the table.
I cleared the underbrush.
I cleared up my desk.
I clearly understood that.
I clench my cooch.
I clenched my fists.
I clenched my teeth.
I clicked on the link.
I clicked the email field once.
I clicked the first link on the page.
I clicked the link, but nothing happened.
I clicked the link.
I climb mountains because they are there.
I climb mountains.
I climb up on a large rock, look at the blue water and observe the clouds in the sky.
I climbed Mt. Aso.
I climbed Mt. Fuji last month for the first time.
I climbed Mt. Fuji last summer with three of my friends.
I climbed Mt. Fuji.
I climbed a coconut tree and took a coconut. I couldn't eat it because it was too hard. I broke it with a heavy stone. I found water inside the coconut. I drank it. It was sweet. I really enjoyed it.
I climbed a tree.
I climbed a very steep hill.
I climbed back on to my motorbike.
I climbed down the tree slowly.
I climbed in through the window.
I climbed into bed.
I climbed one.
I climbed onto the mule.
I climbed out of the park and ran away.
I climbed out of the ravine.
I climbed over the fence to escape.
I climbed over the fence.
I climbed that mountain at the weekend.
I climbed the boulder.
I climbed the fence.
I climbed the hill.
I climbed the ladder.
I climbed the mountain at the weekend.
I climbed the mountain last summer.
I climbed the mountain last weekend.
I climbed the olive tree.
I climbed the slide.
I climbed the tree.
I climbed this mountain the year before last.
I climbed this mountain two years ago.
I climbed to the top of Mt. Fuji.
I climbed to the top.
I climbed up into my tree house.
I clipped some articles out of the newspaper.
I close my eyes and remember your face.
I close my eyes and see the beach.
I close my eyes and see the sea.
I close my eyes, but I'm semi-awake.
I close my mind to this subject.
I close my shop at 5:00.
I closed all the doors.
I closed all the windows.
I closed it.
I closed my door.
I closed my eyes and I hoped he wouldn't notice me.
I closed my eyes and fell asleep.
I closed my eyes and imagined that.
I closed my eyes and kissed her.
I closed my eyes and kissed him.
I closed my eyes and listened to the sound of the ocean.
I closed my eyes and pretended to sleep.
I closed my eyes and screamed.
I closed my eyes and shook my head.
I closed my eyes and squeezed the trigger.
I closed my eyes and turned my head.
I closed my eyes and wished to be somewhere else.
I closed my eyes for a moment.
I closed my eyes to calm down.
I closed my eyes.
I closed my phone.
I closed my store.
I closed my suitcase and tied a rope around it.
I closed my umbrella.
I closed one eye.
I closed one.
I closed the book.
I closed the curtains because the sun is too bright.
I closed the curtains.
I closed the day before yesterday.
I closed the deal an hour ago.
I closed the deal quickly.
I closed the door again.
I closed the door behind me.
I closed the door behind us.
I closed the door on her.
I closed the door on him.
I closed the door quietly so I wouldn't wake the baby up.
I closed the door so no one could hear us.
I closed the door so that they couldn't hear us.
I closed the door so that they wouldn't hear us.
I closed the door so that they wouldnt hear us.
I closed the door while repeating my thanks.
I closed the door, but I didn't lock it.
I closed the door.
I closed the doors.
I closed the drawer.
I closed the gate.
I closed the lid.
I closed the locker door.
I closed the store early today.
I closed the trunk.
I closed the window because it was too noisy outside.
I closed the window because it's cold outside.
I closed the window for fear that the baby should catch cold.
I closed the window so mosquitoes wouldn't get in.
I closed the windows.
I closed.
I clung to my principles.
I clutched her to my chest, and kissed her on her forehead.
I clutched the safety bar.
I coach Mina.
I coached my son's basketball team.
I coexist with centipedes.
I collapsed from anemia.
I collapsed into bed.
I collapsed on the floor.
I collapsed on the ground.
I collapsed.
I collect action figures.
I collect antiques.
I collect books.
I collect bottles.
I collect comics.
I collect dolls from different countries.
I collect every bit of information about food.
I collect everything.
I collect figurines.
I collect five-yen coins.
I collect foreign coins.
I collect hats for a living.
I collect lighters.
I collect magazines.
I collect postcards.
I collect rare coins.
I collect research documents about Australian Aboriginal languages.
I collect sci-fi literature in Esperanto.
I collect sci-fi literature in French.
I collect sci-fi literature in Japanese.
I collect sci-fi literature in Portuguese.
I collect sci-fi literature in Spanish.
I collect silver tea spoons.
I collect snippets of information from a variety of sources.
I collect souvenirs.
I collect stamps as a hobby.
I collect stamps.
I collect stickers.
I collect them.
I collect watches.
I collected Soviet magazines, all in Cyrillic, when the theme at the Pacific National Exhibition was the USSR. My collection was waterlogged from extinguishing a fire that happened at my Lulu Island house in 1985!
I collected all the kittens, putting them in a bag.
I collected all the money from the closet.
I collected coffee cups.
I collected guns.
I collected my belongings and left.
I collected my urine sample in a small, plastic cup and gave it to the nurse.
I collected postage stamps.
I collected some data online.
I collected some dry sticks to make a fire with.
I collected some sticks.
I collected stamps when I was a kid.
I collected stamps.
I collected swords.
I collected the money.
I collected the trash.
I collected this proposal.
I collided with her.
I comb through the files meticulously.
I combed my hair.
I combined black-eyed beans with corn.
I come as soon as I can.
I come back here every now and then.
I come back home at 6:30.
I come bearing an olive branch.
I come bearing gifts.
I come every day except Saturday and Sunday.
I come every day.
I come form Norway. I'm Norwegian, and I speak Norwegian.
I come from Afghanistan. I'm Afghan, and I speak Persian.
I come from Algeria.
I come from Algeria. I'm from Bejaia.
I come from Algeria. So I am Algerian.
I come from Algiers.
I come from America.
I come from Argentina. I'm Argentinian, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Armenia. I'm Armenian, and I speak Armenian.
I come from Australia.
I come from Australia. I'm Australian, and I speak English.
I come from Austria. I'm Austrian, and I speak German.
I come from Azerbaijan. I'm Azerbaijanian, and I speak Azerbaijani.
I come from Beijing.
I come from Bejaia, Algeria.
I come from Belarus. I'm Belarusian, and I speak Belarusian.
I come from Belize. I'm Belizean, and I speak English.
I come from Bolivia. I'm Bolivian, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Bosnia. I'm Bosnian, and I speak Bosnian.
I come from Boston.
I come from Brasil.
I come from Brazil.
I come from Brazil. I'm Brazilian, and I speak Portuguese.
I come from Bulgaria. I'm Bulgarian, and I speak Bulgarian.
I come from Cambodia. I'm Cambodian, and I speak Khmer.
I come from Canada.
I come from Canada. I'm Canadian, and I speak French and English.
I come from Chile. I'm Chilean, and I speak Spanish.
I come from China.
I come from China. I'm Chinese, and I speak Chinese.
I come from Colombia.
I come from Colombia. I'm Colombian and I speak Spanish.
I come from Costa Rica. I'm Costa Richan, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Croatia. I'm Croatian, and I speak Croatian.
I come from Cyprus. I'm Cypriot, and I speak Greek.
I come from Czechia. I'm Czech, and I speak Czech.
I come from Denmark. I'm a Dane, and I speak Danish.
I come from Ecuador. I'm Ecuadorean, and I speak Spanish.
I come from England.
I come from England. I'm an Englishman, and I speak English.
I come from England. I'm an Englishwoman, and I speak English.
I come from Estonia. I'm Estonian, and I speak Estonian.
I come from Europe.
I come from Finland. I'm Finn, and I speak Finnish.
I come from France.
I come from France. I'm a Frenchman, and I speak French.
I come from France. I'm a Frenchwoman, and I speak French.
I come from Georgia. I'm Georgian, and I speak Georgian.
I come from Germany. I'm German, and I speak German.
I come from Greece. I'm Greek, and I speak Greek.
I come from Greenland. I'm a Greenlander, and I speak Greenlandic.
I come from Guatemala. I'm Guatemalan, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Guyana. I'm Guyanese and I speak English.
I come from Holland.
I come from Hungary. I'm Hungarian, and I speak Hungarian.
I come from Iceland. I'm an Icelander, and I speak Icelandic and English.
I come from India. I'm Indian, and I speak Hindi.
I come from Iran. I'm Iranian, and I speak Persian.
I come from Iraq. I'm Iraqi, and I speak Arabic.
I come from Ireland. I'm an Irishman, and I speak English and Irish.
I come from Ireland. I'm an Irishwoman, and I speak English and Irish.
I come from Israel. I'm Israeli, and I speak Hebrew.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
I come from Italy. I'm Italian, and I speak Italian.
I come from Japan.
I come from Japan. I'm Japanese and I speak Japanese.
I come from Kabylie, Algeria.
I come from Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria.
I come from Kabylie.
I come from Laos. I'm Laotian, and I speak Lao.
I come from Latvia. I'm Latvian, and I speak Latvian.
I come from Lebanon. I'm Lebanese, and I speak Arabic.
I come from Lithuania. I'm Lithuanian, and I speak Lithuanian.
I come from Macedonia. I'm Macedonian, and I speak Macedonian.
I come from Malta. I'm Maltese, and I speak Maltese and English.
I come from Mexico. I'm Mexican, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Mongolia. I'm Mongol, and I speak Mongolian.
I come from Montenegro. I'm Montenegrin, and I speak Montenegrin.
I come from Nepal. I'm Nepalese, and I speak Nepali.
I come from Pakistan. I'm Pakistani, and I speak Urdu.
I come from Panama. I'm Panamamian, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Paraguay. I'm Paraguayan, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Poland. I'm a Pole, and I speak Polish.
I come from Portugal.
I come from Portugal. I'm Portuguese, and I speak Portuguese.
I come from Romania. I'm Romanian, and I speak Romanian.
I come from Russia. I'm Russian, and I speak Russian.
I come from Saitama.
I come from Serbia. I'm Serbian, and I speak Serbian.
I come from Shikoku.
I come from Slovakia. I'm Slovak, and I speak Slovakian.
I come from Slovenia. I'm Slovenian, and I speak Slovenian.
I come from South Corea. I'm Korean, and I speak Korean.
I come from Spain.
I come from Spain. I'm a Spaniard, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Sweden. I'm Swede, and I speak Swedish.
I come from Switzerland. I'm Swiss, and I speak Swiss German and French.
I come from Syria. I'm Syrian, and I speak Arabic.
I come from Taipei.
I come from Trondheim.
I come from Turkey, but I'm Kurdish.
I come from Turkey. I'm a Turk, and I speak Turkish.
I come from Ukraine.
I come from Ukraine. I'm Ukrainian, and I speak Ukrainian.
I come from Uruguay. I'm Uruguayan, and I speak Spanish.
I come from Vietnam. I'm Vietnamese, and I speak Vietnamese.
I come from a Berber speaking home.
I come from a Catholic background.
I come from a Catholic family.
I come from a Catholic home.
I come from a Muslim background.
I come from a Muslim household.
I come from a beautiful city: Chengdu.
I come from a big family.
I come from a broken home.
I come from a family of doctors.
I come from a family of millers and bakers.
I come from a humble background.
I come from a large family.
I come from a long line of doctors.
I come from a musical family.
I come from a planet called Earth.
I come from a small family.
I come from a small town in Australia.
I come from a small town in the Midwest.
I come from a small town located in Kabylie, Algeria.
I come from a village.
I come from another galaxy.
I come from another planet.
I come from below.
I come from elsewhere.
I come from far away.
I come from home.
I come from somewhere else.
I come from the Leech Lake Reservation.
I come from the Mediterranean region and more precisely, from Algeria.
I come from the Netherlands. I'm Dutch, and I speak Dutch.
I come from the Philippines. I'm Filipino, and I speak Filipino and English.
I come from the United States.
I come from the United States. I'm American, and I speak English.
I come from the United States. I'm Colombian-American, and I speak English and Spanish.
I come from the future.
I come from the garden.
I come from the land of New Jersey. My people are proud warriors.
I come from the library and I am going home.
I come from the library and I'm going home
I come from the village.
I come from there.
I come here a lot.
I come here all the time.
I come here as often as I can.
I come here at least four times a week.
I come here at least three times a week.
I come here every Fourth of July.
I come here every Monday.
I come here every day.
I come here every summer.
I come here every year.
I come here infrequently. I usually shop across the street.
I come here now and then in winter.
I come here often.
I come here on the 20th of every month.
I come here on weekends.
I come here to be alone.
I come here to play soccer.
I come here to study.
I come here to thank you.
I come here very often.
I come home at 2:30 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
I come home at 2:30.
I come home at two thirty.
I come home fairly late.
I come home from work about seven every day.
I come in peace.
I come in the morning.
I come inside to drink coffee.
I come into contact with all kinds of people in my work.
I come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk.
I come not to spy out the secrets of Tartarus, nor to try my strength against the three-headed dog with snaky hair who guards the entrance.
I come offering an olive branch.
I come on your toys.
I come to Australia a lot.
I come to Australia about once a month.
I come to Australia quite a lot.
I come to Australia three times a year.
I come to Australia twice a year.
I come to Boston a lot.
I come to Boston about once a month.
I come to Boston quite a lot.
I come to Boston three times a year.
I come to Boston twice a year.
I come to Boston very often.
I come to school by bus.
I come to school by train.
I come to seek my wife, whose opening years the poisonous viper's fang has brought to an untimely end.
I come to the forest.
I come to the mosque for peace.
I come to this town for the second time.
I come to work by bicycle.
I come when I can.
I come with myself.
I come.
I command you to release me!
I commanded Shiegra to lie close to the babe, and to give it her milk to quiet its hunger. And I told her to send word throughout the forest, to all beasts and reptiles, that the child should not be harmed.
I commend Tom for his bravery.
I commend the parties and their respective leadership for their commitment to constructively negotiate and successfully reach this agreement.
I commended him according to his merits.
I comment my code with todos in square brackets, like this: [TODO: deal with negative numbers].
I commented on one.
I commissioned Tom to draw one of my OCs.
I commit my son to your care.
I commit numerous errors when I write in Kabyle.
I commited a crime.
I committed an injustice against him.
I communicate assertively.
I communicate in Berber.
I communicate with my friends on the internet.
I commute almost everyday.
I commute by bus and train.
I commute by train.
I commute from the village to the town every day because of my work or my girlfriend.
I commute to Tokyo every day.
I commute to college via car.
I commute to school by train and bus.
I commute to work by bicycle.
I commute to work for an hour.
I compare Virgil to Homer.
I compared my car with his.
I compared notes with Tom.
I compared this picture with that one.
I compared this picture with that picture.
I compel you to adhere to our master's teachings.
I compete in ski races.
I competed with him for the championship.
I competed with him for the first prize.
I compiled a list of 30 of the most common dirty words.
I complain a lot.
I complained about everything.
I complained about him to his father.
I complained about him.
I complained about that, but it didn't help.
I complained about you.
I complained to Tom about that.
I complained to him face to face.
I complained to the manager.
I complained to the principal.
I complained to the teacher about my grade.
I complained, but they refused to take this sweater back.
I completed high school in Algeria.
I completed my task.
I completed on schedule.
I completed one.
I completed reading the book.
I completed the activities.
I completed the chores.
I completed the university course comfortably.
I completed the whole high school curriculum.
I completed the work by myself.
I completed the writing of the text.
I completely agree with Tom.
I completely agree with it.
I completely agree with what he said.
I completely agree with what she said.
I completely agree with what you said.
I completely agree with what you're saying.
I completely agree with you, my dear colleague.
I completely agree with you.
I completely agree.
I completely approve of this.
I completely disagree with that.
I completely disagree with this.
I completely disagree with you.
I completely disagree.
I completely disappeared.
I completely failed to tame the wild horses.
I completely fooled you.
I completely forgot about Tom.
I completely forgot about her.
I completely forgot about him.
I completely forgot about it.
I completely forgot about that!
I completely forgot about that.
I completely forgot about the meeting.
I completely forgot about them.
I completely forgot about you.
I completely forgot how much she loved Tom.
I completely forgot it.
I completely forgot that Tom would do that for us.
I completely forgot that there was class today!
I completely forgot that.
I completely forgot the number.
I completely forgot the vegetables.
I completely forgot to make something for us to eat.
I completely forgot to pay the rent.
I completely forgot to put out the bin.
I completely forgot to take my tablets today. No wonder I feel so bad!
I completely forgot.
I completely gave up.
I completely get how you feel.
I completely got over my fear of heights.
I completely lost my train of thought.
I completely messed it up.
I completely overcame my fear of heights.
I completely screwed up.
I completely spilled the coffee I just bought.
I completely trust him.
I completely trust my inner voice.
I completely trust your abilities.
I completely understand how you feel. I've been there myself.
I completely understand that.
I completely understood.
I completely walked ten miles.
I complicate my own life.
I compliment her often.
I complimented Mina.
I complimented Tom.
I compose music for computer games.
I compose songs.
I compose using the Amazigh keyboard.
I composed a short story and received the award in the competition.
I composed song lyrics.
I composed the melody of the song.
I comprehend concepts without difficulty.
I comprehend things in no time.
I compromised with Tom.
I compromised with her on the point.
I compromised with him on the matter.
I concede I was wrong about that.
I concede defeat.
I concede nothing.
I concede that you are right.
I concede that you're right.
I concede that.
I concede the argument.
I concede the point, but not the argument.
I concede.
I conceived of the plan while I was smoking.
I concentrate better when the door is closed.
I concentrated all my energies on the problem.
I concentrated my attention on the lecture.
I concentrated my attention on the little things of history.
I concentrated my attention on the subject.
I concentrated my effort on the study.
I concentrated on his words.
I concentrated on what he was saying.
I concentrated.
I concluded his judgement was right.
I concluded that I had been deceived.
I concocted an excuse for missing the party.
I concur fully with his text.
I concur with all you are saying.
I concur.
I concurred in giving up my vacation for my family.
I concurred with them in giving him the prize.
I condemn and I am against Zionism, but I'm not against Jews and Judaism.
I condemn censorship and racism.
I condemn the heinous atrocities committed by the terrorist group IS.
I condemned the crimes.
I conducted him out.
I conducted my own research.
I conducted research on this.
I confess I was wrong about that.
I confess I'm afraid to go by myself.
I confess I'm miserable.
I confess at these words a shudder passed through me.
I confess my name's not really Tom.
I confess my translation is not perfect.
I confess that I am guilty.
I confess that I can make neither head nor tail of it.
I confess that I cannot recall any case within my experience which looked at the first glance so simple and yet which presented such difficulties.
I confess that I don't understand what you're talking about.
I confess that I don't understand.
I confess that I dont find this useful.
I confess that I dont understand.
I confess that I'm tired.
I confess.
I confessed my sin.
I confessed my sins.
I confessed that I was the one who had done that.
I confessed to both crimes.
I confessed to him that I'd heard from you.
I confessed to something I didn't do because I was being tortured.
I confessed to stealing the money.
I confessed to that.
I confessed.
I confided in Tom.
I confided in your good criticism to make the educated decision.
I confided my troubles to him.
I confirm my presence.
I confirm that the information given above is correct and complete.
I confirm that you're definitely not pregnant.
I confirm that.
I confirm you my presence.
I confirmed my resignation.
I confirmed that.
I confirmed the order.
I confiscated Tom's knife.
I confiscated a gun from a student this morning.
I confiscated it.
I confronted Mina.
I confronted Tom after the meeting.
I confronted Tom right away.
I confronted Tom.
I confronted her.
I confronted him.
I confronted the warrior.
I confronted them.
I confuse Krasnodar and Krasnoyarsk.
I confused Mary with her sister.
I confused Tom with his brother.
I confused her with her sister.
I confused these two words.
I confused you with Tom.
I congratulate him and Governor Palin for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
I congratulate him and Governor Palin for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nations promise in the months ahead.
I congratulate him, I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
I congratulate him, I congratulate Governor Palin for all that theyve achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nations promise in the months ahead.
I congratulate myself.
I congratulate you both.
I congratulate you for your success.
I congratulate you on a job well done.
I congratulate you on passing the examination.
I congratulate you on the day of the programmer.
I congratulate you on winning first prize in the speech contest.
I congratulate you on your appointment.
I congratulate you on your creative ability to always find new and original sentences to translate into other languages.
I congratulate you on your engagement.
I congratulate you on your graduation.
I congratulate you on your passing the state examination.
I congratulate you on your success.
I congratulate you!
I congratulated Rima.
I congratulated Tom on his success.
I congratulated Tom on his victory.
I congratulated Tom.
I congratulated her on her success in the exam.
I congratulated her on her success in the examination.
I congratulated him for passing the exam.
I congratulated him on his success.
I congratulated him on passing the entrance exam.
I congratulated him on the birth of his son.
I congratulated them on the birth of their daughter.
I connect to the Internet almost every day.
I connected a keyboard to my computer.
I connected my house to water supply.
I conned him.
I consciously say "Russia's" and not "Russian" when I'm talking about the state of Russia and not about the Russian people.
I consented to do that.
I consented to go.
I consented to help Tom.
I consented to help the old lady.
I consider Fadil a pimp.
I consider Ho Chi Minh as a hero.
I consider Mary my best friend.
I consider Tom a close friend.
I consider Tom a friend.
I consider Tom a good friend.
I consider Tom a hero.
I consider Tom a mentor.
I consider Tom a thoroughly responsible individual.
I consider Tom a true friend.
I consider Tom a very dear friend.
I consider Tom an idiot.
I consider Tom and Mary friends.
I consider Tom and Mary good friends.
I consider Tom and Mary my friends.
I consider Tom and Mary to be friends.
I consider Tom and Mary to be my best friends.
I consider Tom handsome.
I consider Tom my best friend.
I consider Tom my friend.
I consider Tom my mentor.
I consider Tom one of my closest friends.
I consider Tom to be a friend.
I consider Tom to be my best friend.
I consider Tom to be my enemy.
I consider Tom to be responsible.
I consider buying a new car.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
I consider her a good friend.
I consider her an honest woman.
I consider her as an honest woman.
I consider her to be an honest woman.
I consider him a friend.
I consider him a good friend.
I consider him a great scientist.
I consider him a great writer.
I consider him a true friend.
I consider him an enemy.
I consider him an excellent teacher.
I consider him an idiot.
I consider him dumb because it takes him forever to understand.
I consider him my enemy.
I consider him my friend.
I consider him one of my good friends.
I consider him to be an excellent teacher.
I consider him too big.
I consider his arrival convenient.
I consider it highly inconsistent for socialists and anarchists to discriminate in any shape or form against the Jews.
I consider it my duty to help my parents.
I consider it my duty.
I consider it very important.
I consider life an inn where I have to wait until the stagecoach of the abyss arrives.
I consider linguistic diversity a precious treasure to be protected.
I consider linguistic diversity a treasure to be cherished.
I consider love to be a major benefit.
I consider making mistakes an important part of the learning process.
I consider my driving skills to be above average.
I consider myself a clever man.
I consider myself a good father.
I consider myself a good husband.
I consider myself a good wife.
I consider myself a pretty good swimmer.
I consider myself an extraordinarily happy person.
I consider myself an idiot.
I consider myself an otaku and I have even made a pilgrimage to Akihabara.
I consider myself as fluent in Berber.
I consider myself average-looking.
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.
I consider myself fairly lucky.
I consider myself fortunate.
I consider myself happy.
I consider myself lucky.
I consider myself one of you.
I consider myself practically Russian.
I consider myself pretty lucky.
I consider myself quite lucky.
I consider myself really lucky.
I consider myself really, really lucky.
I consider myself relatively lucky.
I consider myself straight.
I consider myself to be a good listener.
I consider myself to be a native French speaker.
I consider myself to be fluent in French.
I consider myself to be not from here nor from there. I live and participate in one country but at the same time my parents come from another country and I like to identify as such. But when those people reject me, and when the society I grew up in rejects me as well, who do I become?
I consider myself to be one of a kind.
I consider myself tolerant. But I'm intolerant to the people that don't also tolerate the same things I do. Does that make me tolerant, or a hypocrite?
I consider myself very lucky because chance encounters often help me to fulfill my dreams.
I consider myself very lucky.
I consider myself very stupid.
I consider nothing human as alien to me.
I consider our friendship to be worth more than any other.
I consider paracetamol to be an ineffective medicine.
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life.
I consider respect to be essential.
I consider sleep to be essential.
I consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world.
I consider that a good opinion.
I consider that a good sign.
I consider that a good thing.
I consider that an invasion of my privacy.
I consider that extortion.
I consider that in bad taste.
I consider that kind of language rude.
I consider that racial discrimination.
I consider that unlikely.
I consider that very serious, for several reasons.
I consider the Jehovah's witnesses who knock on my door all the time to be no different from religious zealots trying to force their beliefs on me.
I consider the Jehovahs witnesses who knock on my door all the time to be no different from religious zealots trying to force their beliefs on me.
I consider the Russian ballet the greatest.
I consider the job done.
I consider the matter closed.
I consider the price too low.
I consider this a rumor.
I consider this a rumour.
I consider this a sign of hope.
I consider this a temporary phenomenon.
I consider this as the ultimate betrayal.
I consider this safe.
I consider this temporary.
I consider this to be a good initiative.
I consider this very important.
I consider watching television a waste of time.
I consider you a friend, but I don't know if you consider me one too.
I consider you a friend, but I don't know if you think of me the same way.
I consider you a friend.
I consider you a princess.
I consider you my brother.
I consider you my friend.
I consider you my sister.
I consider you one of my closest friends.
I considered Tom a friend.
I considered Tom's request, but I turned him down.
I considered Tom.
I considered calling the police.
I considered changing my job, but in the end I decided not to.
I considered changing my job.
I considered doing something like blocking edits based on a blacklist.
I considered doing that.
I considered going to Armenia.
I considered him a friend.
I considered him my friend but he betrayed me.
I considered his originality of great importance.
I considered it a challenge.
I considered it a life or death matter.
I considered it.
I considered leaving school, but thought better of it.
I considered lying, but decided it was a bad idea.
I considered myself lucky.
I considered not going.
I considered teaching French, but decided it would be better not to.
I considered teaching French, but decided that it would be better not to.
I considered that impossible.
I considered that.
I considered the problem as settled.
I considered the question.
I considered this valuable.
I considered waiting, but decided to leave.
I consoled him with his favorite food.
I constantly deal with drama.
I constantly dissuade children from reading novels.
I constantly feel like I may be observed from afar by aliens, I've always felt like aliens would come for me.
I constantly feel like aliens are always looking to catch me.
I constantly feel like aliens are tracking me down.
I constantly feel observed by aliens creatures, be it from a close-up disntance or from afar.
I constantly feel pressured.
I constantly get inspiration from you.
I constantly get into trouble for misbehaving.
I constantly quarrel with my wife.
I constantly talk to myself.
I constantly think of you.
I constantly went over this problem in my mind.
I constructed a house out of stone.
I consulted Tom.
I consulted a doctor.
I consulted all possible dictionaries.
I consulted her.
I consulted him about the matter.
I consulted him relative to the subject.
I consulted him.
I consulted my doctor.
I consulted the handbook.
I consulted them.
I consulted with my father about the plan.
I consulted with my sister about my marriage.
I consulted with my sister.
I consume sugar.
I consume, therefore I am.
I consume, therefore I exist.
I consume.
I consumed a serving of couscous.
I consumed crumbled bread.
I consumed my heart.
I consumed my whole energy.
I consumed wheat bread.
I contacted Tom again.
I contacted Tom yesterday afternoon.
I contacted Tom.
I contacted a supplier.
I contacted all my friends.
I contacted her.
I contacted him.
I contacted my fathers.
I contacted my mother.
I contacted my mothers.
I contacted my parents.
I contacted my service provider in order to fix the Internet.
I contacted the family and went over to their house the next day.
I contacted the plant supplier.
I contacted the police again.
I contacted the rangers.
I contacted the reporter and demanded a rebuttal.
I contacted them the other day, but I was not able to get an answer.
I contacted them.
I contain multitudes.
I contemplate a mango on a mango tree and I think of God.
I contemplate the fundamental aspects of life.
I contemplated the painting.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
I contended against falsehood.
I contented you, right?
I continually face obstacles that hinder my progress.
I continually go to the market.
I continue learning Spanish.
I continue singing.
I continue to be optimistic.
I continue to be taunted by my grandfather's picture.
I continue to feel the same about you.
I continue to follow the religion of Islam.
I continue what my father started.
I continue working during the break.
I continued buying prepared dishes even after I went to middle school.
I continued digging.
I continued doing that for a while.
I continued doing that for some time.
I continued doing that.
I continued down the path.
I continued down the trail.
I continued drinking.
I continued driving.
I continued focussing on it, wondering if there was a way to get in and learn its secrets.
I continued further down the trail.
I continued his path alone.
I continued making videos.
I continued north.
I continued on in the opposite direction.
I continued on the trail.
I continued playing.
I continued reading the book.
I continued reading.
I continued singing.
I continued speaking.
I continued swimming.
I continued taking photographs.
I continued talking.
I continued teaching.
I continued texting.
I continued to learn Berber as much as possible.
I continued to learn Berber.
I continued to live in that abandoned house.
I continued to read.
I continued to the hotel.
I continued to try swimming in the river.
I continued to watch TV.
I continued to work all morning.
I continued training.
I continued walking along the lake.
I continued walking past the cabin.
I continued walking.
I continued working.
I continued writing.
I continued yelling.
I contracted chlamydia.
I contracted diabetes.
I contribute to Tatoeba, a corpus of example sentences with translations for language learners.
I contribute to free projects like Tatoeba.
I contribute to this forum almost every day.
I contributed to this company, so you cannot fire me.
I contributed.
I contrived to leave my wallet behind.
I control my thoughts in the direction I choose.
I controlled Mina.
I converted from Fahrenheit to Celsius in my head.
I converted it to MP3.
I converted my yen into dollars.
I converted the temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius in my head.
I converted to Christianity after I saw Jesus in my dream.
I converted to Christianity.
I converted to Islam a year ago.
I converted to Islam at age twenty-four.
I converted to Islam but I never lost my identity.
I converted to Islam in 2004.
I converted to Islam last summer.
I converted to Islam thanks to a Jewish student that taught me everything about this religion.
I converted to Islam when I was 24.
I converted to Islam when I was in Spain.
I conveyed the message to him.
I convinced John to see a doctor.
I convinced Mary not to go there by herself.
I convinced Mary that she should go to Boston with Tom.
I convinced Mary to lie about where she'd been.
I convinced Tom and Mary not to go there by themselves.
I convinced Tom and Mary that they should go to Boston with John.
I convinced Tom and Mary to lie about where they'd been.
I convinced Tom he should go to Australia with Mary.
I convinced Tom he should go to Australia with me.
I convinced Tom he was wrong.
I convinced Tom not to go there by himself.
I convinced Tom not to leave.
I convinced Tom not to quit.
I convinced Tom not to sue you.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Australia with Mary.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Australia with me.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Boston with Mary.
I convinced Tom that he was wrong.
I convinced Tom to do that.
I convinced Tom to drive.
I convinced Tom to give a speech.
I convinced Tom to go to the party.
I convinced Tom to go with us.
I convinced Tom to help us tomorrow.
I convinced Tom to learn Hungarian with me.
I convinced Tom to lie about where he'd been.
I convinced Tom to tell the truth.
I convinced Tom to try again.
I convinced everyone to donate thirty dollars.
I convinced everyone to help us.
I convinced everyone.
I convinced her of his sincerity.
I convinced him of his fault.
I convinced him of the correctness of this course of action.
I convinced him that he was wrong.
I convinced my father to quit smoking.
I convinced them to participate.
I cook Thanksgiving dinner every year.
I cook a little at home.
I cook almost every day.
I cook because I like it, not because I have to.
I cook breakfast very quickly.
I cook every day.
I cook for Tom.
I cook for him.
I cook for twenty people when the family gets together.
I cook on Mondays.
I cook potato soup and bake sweet cakes.
I cook soup in a big pot.
I cook using olive oil.
I cook well.
I cook with gas.
I cook with olive oil.
I cook, but I am really bad at it.
I cook, but I don't do that with much pleasure.
I cook, but I don't enjoy it much.
I cook, but I'm really crap at it.
I cook, but Im really crap at it.
I cook, but without much pleasure.
I cooked Tom dinner.
I cooked a fish.
I cooked bacon until crispy.
I cooked breakfast for you.
I cooked breakfast.
I cooked carbonara for dinner last night.
I cooked cauliflower.
I cooked chickpea soup.
I cooked couscous for him.
I cooked deer meat.
I cooked dinner for Tom.
I cooked dinner for her.
I cooked dinner for him.
I cooked dinner for them.
I cooked dinner for you.
I cooked dinner last night.
I cooked dinner on Monday.
I cooked dinner.
I cooked for Tom.
I cooked her dinner.
I cooked him dinner.
I cooked it.
I cooked lunch.
I cooked myself a steak.
I cooked one.
I cooked spaghetti.
I cooked supper last night.
I cooked the pasta too long.
I cooked this especially for you.
I cooked this myself.
I cooked up the salmon.
I cooked venison.
I cooked yesterday so that my sick mother could have something good to eat.
I cooked.
I cooled my heels for one hour outside his office.
I cooled the patient's head with ice.
I cooled the patients head with ice.
I cooperate with your friend.
I cooperated with him in the task.
I cooperated with my sister in cleaning the room.
I cooperated with the police.
I cope with stress.
I copied a passage from the book into my notebook.
I copied and pasted it from Wikipedia.
I copied down several useful references on gardening.
I copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard.
I copied one.
I copied sentences.
I copied the book.
I copied the link.
I correct my vision with contact lenses.
I corrected even the smallest details.
I corrected it.
I corrected my mistakes.
I corrected myself.
I corrected one.
I corrected that.
I corrected the punctuation somewhat, but not rigorously, because that is less important in belles-lettres.
I corrected the sentence after almost one month without response.
I corrected the sentence.
I corrected the translation.
I correspond with many friends in Canada.
I correspond with my friends.
I cough a lot.
I cough when I'm nervous.
I coughed up blood.
I coughed.
I could actually be arrested.
I could actually go to jail for doing this.
I could actually have broken a leg.
I could actually see myself living here.
I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
I could almost cry.
I could also buy a new car.
I could also hire a car.
I could always come back later.
I could always use another friend.
I could answer all the questions.
I could answer her question.
I could answer his question.
I could ask Tom to babysit for us tonight.
I could ask Tom to drive, I suppose.
I could ask Tom to help me do my homework.
I could ask Tom to show you around town.
I could ask Tom what happened.
I could ask her directly.
I could ask him directly.
I could ask you the same question.
I could ask you the same thing.
I could at least apologise.
I could barely afford anything two years ago.
I could barely breathe.
I could barely contain my excitement.
I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.
I could barely follow the plot.
I could barely get out of bed yesterday.
I could barely get the gate open.
I could barely hear Tom.
I could barely hear the words coming from his bloodied lips.
I could barely hold back my tears when I received the news of Tom's death.
I could barely hold back my tears.
I could barely move.
I could barely open my eyes.
I could barely see Tom's face.
I could barely see Tom.
I could barely see past my hood.
I could barely sleep.
I could barely speak French at that time.
I could barely speak French three years ago.
I could barely speak.
I could barely stand the pain.
I could barely stand.
I could barely understand it.
I could barely walk at that time.
I could barely walk.
I could be a deer.
I could be a genius.
I could be a suspect.
I could be away for some time.
I could be correct.
I could be doing that now if I didn't have to be here.
I could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I could be fired if I did that.
I could be fired if I didn't do that.
I could be helpful.
I could be hurt.
I could be in Australia next Monday if you need me there.
I could be in Australia next week if it's really necessary.
I could be in Boston next Monday if you need me there.
I could be in Boston next week if it's really necessary.
I could be in my office all day.
I could be in the village.
I could be insane.
I could be living a life far more luxurious and enjoyable than the one I'm actually living.
I could be mistaken.
I could be next.
I could be of help.
I could be persuaded to help.
I could be persuaded to sing a song or two.
I could be playing golf right now instead of doing this.
I could be right.
I could be tempted to do that.
I could be the first one to do that.
I could be the last one to do that.
I could be there by 2:30.
I could be totally wrong.
I could be using this time to do something useful.
I could be way off-base.
I could be wrong about this.
I could be wrong, but I think Tom and Mary like you.
I could be wrong, but I think Tom likes you.
I could be wrong, but I think Tom wants to go home early.
I could be wrong, but I think it'll rain this afternoon.
I could be wrong, too.
I could be wrong.
I could beat Tom in a fight with one hand tied behind my back.
I could blame my parents for not being strict on me to speak only in Berber.
I could boop boobs but I prefer to toot tits.
I could buy that for you.
I could buy you one if you'd like.
I could call a taxi for you.
I could care less about her.
I could care less.
I could certainly do better myself.
I could change that.
I could cite many more examples. However, I'll say no more about it today, except to mention that we'll come back to this topic on Friday.
I could clearly see that the hard work had begun to tell on his health.
I could come at five.
I could come back later.
I could come get it.
I could come here more often if I wanted.
I could come right out and ask Tom what we all want to know.
I could come round to yours, say, tomorrow morning. How would that suit you?
I could come to Australia next week if you need me there.
I could come to Australia next week.
I could come to Boston next week if you need me there.
I could come to Boston next week.
I could come with you.
I could convince Tom not to do that.
I could cry for joy.
I could cry.
I could devote an entire book to him.
I could die for her.
I could die for him.
I could die of fright.
I could die tomorrow.
I could disappear at any time.
I could do everything faster when I was younger.
I could do it again if I had to.
I could do it again.
I could do it at a push, but it'd be better if Dean did it.
I could do it better with my eyes closed.
I could do it with Tom.
I could do it, but I don't want to.
I could do it, but I won't.
I could do it.
I could do much more.
I could do nothing but stand there, paralyzed with fear.
I could do nothing but stare stupidly at the printed page.
I could do nothing.
I could do that again eventually.
I could do that again if I had to.
I could do that again.
I could do that all day.
I could do that better than Tom, I think.
I could do that fairly well when I was younger.
I could do that for Tom.
I could do that for you if you wanted me to.
I could do that for you if you'd let me.
I could do that for you.
I could do that if I put my mind to it.
I could do that if I really needed to.
I could do that if I really wanted to.
I could do that if I tried.
I could do that if I wanted to, but I don't.
I could do that if I wanted to.
I could do that if wanted to.
I could do that if you gave me a chance.
I could do that if you wanted me to.
I could do that if you'd let me.
I could do that in my sleep.
I could do that in thirty minutes.
I could do that now if you want me to.
I could do that today.
I could do that when I was a child.
I could do that when I was a kid.
I could do that with my eyes closed.
I could do that with my eyes shut.
I could do that, I suppose.
I could do that, but I don't want to.
I could do that, but I won't.
I could do that, too.
I could do that.
I could do this all day.
I could do this for a living.
I could do this for a while.
I could do this for days.
I could do this for hours.
I could do this forever.
I could do this if I had a little help.
I could do this myself.
I could do this with my eyes closed.
I could do with a brew.
I could do with a builder's tea.
I could do with a change of pace.
I could do with a cup of cha.
I could do with a cup of tea.
I could do with a cuppa.
I could do with a few days alone.
I could do with a hot drink.
I could do with a kip now.
I could do with another brandy.
I could do with some advice.
I could do with some help here.
I could do with some help in here.
I could do with some help.
I could do with some rest.
I could do with some sleep.
I could do with some water.
I could do with something to drink.
I could do with your help.
I could do, but I don't think I want to.
I could draw fairly well by the time I began kindergarten.
I could drive if you're tired.
I could drive you there.
I could drive.
I could easily fix that.
I could easily have done that for you.
I could easily have done that.
I could eat Adriano's steak every day and never get tired of it.
I could eat Benedito's salad every day and never get tired of it.
I could eat a burger the size of Algeria right now.
I could eat a cow.
I could eat a horse tonight.
I could eat a horse, and that's not hyperbole.
I could eat a horse.
I could eat an elephant.
I could eat five thousand pizzas.
I could eat some beef noodle soup, or some reheated rice with soybean paste like that, no problem.
I could eat something.
I could eat this for every meal.
I could eat.
I could explain it to you.
I could fall asleep in this chair.
I could fall in love with you all over again.
I could fall in love with you.
I could feel Tom's animosity towards us.
I could feel Tom's pain.
I could feel him wandering around the house.
I could feel his gaze following me, making me a bit uneasy.
I could feel my heart racing.
I could feel myself trembling.
I could feel nothing but the knife as it plunged into my back.
I could feel the bass in my chest.
I could feel the frustration coursing through my veins.
I could feel the hairs on my arms start to pick up.
I could feel the house shaking.
I could feel the pain.
I could feel the power of his love radiating through his strong, heartfelt hug.
I could feel the sand between my toes.
I could feel the sweat trickling down my back.
I could finally breathe easier, feeling a sense of safety return.
I could finally sleep.
I could find his address.
I could find neither my pencil nor my pen.
I could find out who that guy is.
I could fire you for that.
I could fix that easily.
I could fix that, I think.
I could fly in my dream.
I could force you to do that, but I don't really want to.
I could force you to do that, but I won't.
I could force you to do that.
I could force you to help Tom, but I don't really want to.
I could get Tom to show us how to do that.
I could get a bigger house in Assen. After much consideration I finally chose that.
I could get fined if I did that.
I could get fined if I didn't do that.
I could get fired for this.
I could get fired if I did that.
I could get fired if I didn't do that.
I could get hurt if I did that.
I could get hurt if I tried doing that.
I could get hurt if I tried to do that.
I could get in a lot of trouble for doing this.
I could get in a lot of trouble for this.
I could get in trouble for talking to you.
I could get in trouble if I did that.
I could get in trouble if I didn't do that.
I could get in trouble if I helped you.
I could get injured if I did that.
I could get injured if I tried doing that.
I could get injured if I tried to do that.
I could get punished if I did that.
I could get punished if I didn't do that.
I could get used to it.
I could get used to living here.
I could get used to this.
I could get you a blanket if you need one.
I could get you arrested for that.
I could get you banned.
I could get you fired, you know.
I could get you kicked out of here.
I could get you placed in custody.
I could give it a try.
I could give lots of arguments in favor of that position which would be certain to convince many in the audience. However, I know for a fact that they are fundamentally flawed.
I could give one thousand reasons why we should do this.
I could go back now, but I dont want to.
I could go for a beer right about now.
I could go for a nice hot pizza right now.
I could go for some corn.
I could go for some donuts.
I could go for some light entertainment tonight.
I could go for some pizza right now.
I could go home if I wanted to.
I could go home if you wanted me to.
I could go home.
I could go inside, I suppose.
I could go on and on about it, but I won't.
I could go on and on about it, but I wont.
I could go on for days about the delicious wines produced in this part of the world.
I could go on forever about this topic.
I could go on, but I don't want to bore you.
I could go on, but I don't want to bother you.
I could go out in style.
I could go there now.
I could go to Australia with you.
I could go to Australia, too.
I could go to jail.
I could go to school today.
I could go with Tom if you'd be up for some gaming?
I could go with Tom.
I could go with her.
I could go with him.
I could go with them.
I could go with you, but I don't have money.
I could go with you.
I could hardly believe him.
I could hardly believe it.
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news.
I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw the amazing renovations Tom had done on his house.
I could hardly believe my eyes.
I could hardly breathe.
I could hardly close the suitcase.
I could hardly contain myself for joy.
I could hardly contain myself.
I could hardly do anything.
I could hardly endure the pain.
I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech.
I could hardly get a wink of sleep last night.
I could hardly hear Tom.
I could hardly hear a thing.
I could hardly hear him.
I could hardly hear it.
I could hardly hear what Tom and Mary were saying.
I could hardly hear what Tom was saying.
I could hardly keep from laughing when I saw Tom and Mary dancing.
I could hardly keep from laughing.
I could hardly keep from liking him.
I could hardly make myself understood in French.
I could hardly make myself understood.
I could hardly make out half of what she'd said, she was hurrying to share the obtained information. I had to listen twice.
I could hardly make out the traffic lights.
I could hardly make out what she said.
I could hardly move my legs.
I could hardly refuse Tom's challenge.
I could hardly refuse Tom's help.
I could hardly resist laughing.
I could hardly see the traffic lights.
I could hardly sleep last night.
I could hardly stand.
I could hardly tell who was who.
I could hardly understand him.
I could hardly wait for it to happen.
I could hardly wait for the weekend.
I could hardly wait to hear the news.
I could hardly wait to see you.
I could hardly wait.
I could have and should've done that.
I could have arrested her.
I could have asked her for a ride instead of Sarah.
I could have become a star.
I could have been a contender.
I could have been a professional basketball player.
I could have been a star.
I could have been born somewhere else than France, but that's not something that you have a say in, when you should land on earth, it just happens, no matter where it is.
I could have been finished doing that by 2:30 if I'd worked a little faster.
I could have been finished doing that by 2:30 if Tom hadn't come over and started talking to me.
I could have been finished doing that by 2:30 if Tom hadn't started talking to me.
I could have been finished doing that by now if you hadn't been here.
I could have been happy if Tom had stayed.
I could have been hurt.
I could have been injured, but luckily I wasn't.
I could have been injured.
I could have been killed.
I could have been like you.
I could have been merry with you.
I could have been mistaken.
I could have been the first one to do that if I'd wanted to be.
I could have been the first one to do that, but I didn't want to be.
I could have bought that for you.
I could have called him.
I could have cancer.
I could have caught that bus.
I could have changed.
I could have cried.
I could have died in that van.
I could have died today.
I could have died tonight.
I could have died.
I could have done a better job.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
I could have done better if I'd had more time.
I could have done better on the test.
I could have done better than he.
I could have done better, I think.
I could have done better.
I could have done it better.
I could have done it by myself, I think.
I could have done it by myself.
I could have done it faster by myself.
I could have done it without your help.
I could have done it, but I didn't.
I could have done it.
I could have done much better if I'd tried.
I could have done much better.
I could have done that better than Tom did.
I could have done that better.
I could have done that by myself, I think.
I could have done that by myself.
I could have done that faster by myself.
I could have done that for you.
I could have done that if I'd wanted to.
I could have done that if you'd helped me.
I could have done that on my own.
I could have done that without Tom's help.
I could have done that without your help.
I could have done that, but I chose not to.
I could have done that, but I didn't.
I could have done that.
I could have done this without your permission.
I could have drowned.
I could have gone last week.
I could have gone there.
I could have gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't want to.
I could have gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't.
I could have gone to college, but I decided not to.
I could have gone to the seaside but I went to the mountains.
I could have gone to the seaside, but I went to the mountains instead.
I could have gone, but I didn't want to.
I could have gotten involved, but I chose not to.
I could have handled it without Tom's help.
I could have helped you if you had asked me.
I could have helped you out.
I could have helped you with your exam, but you didn't want me to.
I could have helped you with your work.
I could have helped you.
I could have helped.
I could have hurt myself today.
I could have ignored him, but he didn't deserve it.
I could have killed you, but I didn't.
I could have known.
I could have left early.
I could have left my umbrella in the bus.
I could have lied to you, but I didn't.
I could have lost my job.
I could have married Tom.
I could have met you at the airport.
I could have objected, but I didn't.
I could have objected, but didn't.
I could have picked a better time.
I could have played a lot better.
I could have prevented this from happening.
I could have prevented this.
I could have refused to do that, but I didn't.
I could have refused to do that.
I could have ridden my bike, but I decided to car it in to work this morning because of the weather.
I could have said no.
I could have said yes, if I had wanted to.
I could have saved Tom's life.
I could have shown you how to do that.
I could have simply refused to do that.
I could have someone find out that information for you.
I could have stayed a while longer, but I was getting tired, so I decided to leave.
I could have stayed in Boston for a couple of more days, but I didn't want to.
I could have stayed up late, but I decided to go to bed early.
I could have stopped Tom, but I didn't.
I could have stopped doing that if I'd wanted to.
I could have stopped it.
I could have sung better.
I could have sworn I heard Tom's voice.
I could have sworn I heard something.
I could have sworn I heard that sound again.
I could have sworn I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I could have sworn I saw a human face in the dark.
I could have sworn I saw her.
I could have sworn I saw somebody.
I could have sworn I saw something.
I could have sworn something moved.
I could have sworn that I saw Tom downtown today.
I could have sworn the door was shut earlier.
I could have terminal cancer.
I could have told Tom that, but I didn't.
I could have told the man it was no use.
I could have told you so.
I could have told you that if you'd asked me.
I could have told you that was going to happen.
I could have told you that.
I could have tried harder to get along with everyone in the class.
I could have tried harder, I guess.
I could have tripped.
I could have used it.
I could have used that.
I could have visited Boston, but decided to go to Chicago instead.
I could have waited longer, I guess.
I could have waited longer, I suppose.
I could have warned you if I had known where you were.
I could have wept for joy.
I could have won the race if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I could have written it much better.
I could have you arrested.
I could have you escorted out.
I could have you killed.
I could hear Mary crying on the phone.
I could hear Mary singing to herself in the kitchen.
I could hear Sami ranting and raving.
I could hear Tom and Mary arguing.
I could hear Tom and Mary having a shouting match on their porch.
I could hear Tom and Mary laughing.
I could hear Tom and Mary talking.
I could hear Tom and Mary yelling at each other.
I could hear Tom arguing with someone in the next room.
I could hear Tom breathing.
I could hear Tom laughing.
I could hear Tom playing his guitar and yodeling.
I could hear Tom playing the piano.
I could hear Tom screaming.
I could hear Tom shouting at Mary.
I could hear Tom shouting.
I could hear Tom taking a shower.
I could hear Tom talking.
I could hear Tom weeping.
I could hear Tom whistling.
I could hear Tom yelling at somebody.
I could hear Tom yelling at someone.
I could hear Tom yelling for help.
I could hear Tom yelling.
I could hear Tom, but he couldn't hear me.
I could hear a couple of twigs snap, then I could hear the animal breathing.
I could hear a dog barking.
I could hear a jackhammer hammering in the distance.
I could hear a jackhammer pounding in the distance.
I could hear a rattling sound.
I could hear a student snoring in the back of the classroom.
I could hear an owl hooting in the distance.
I could hear babies crying.
I could hear birds chirping outside my window.
I could hear birds singing outside my window.
I could hear children playing in the apartment above mine.
I could hear children playing in the park.
I could hear dogs barking all night.
I could hear dogs barking in the background.
I could hear doors slamming.
I could hear everybody cheering.
I could hear everything Tom and Mary were saying to each other.
I could hear everything that Tom and Mary were saying to each other.
I could hear everything the president said.
I could hear everything.
I could hear footsteps coming up the stairs.
I could hear footsteps.
I could hear hammers pounding in the distance.
I could hear her crying.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
I could hear him coughing loudly, so I went to his room to bring him the syrup.
I could hear his tone change, but he kept talking.
I could hear hoots of laughter coming from the next room.
I could hear jackals.
I could hear my heart beating in my ears.
I could hear my name being called.
I could hear my name called.
I could hear my stomach growling.
I could hear my tummy rumbling.
I could hear my wife's screams for help.
I could hear panic in Tom's voice.
I could hear people cheering and applauding.
I could hear people cheering and clapping their hands.
I could hear people cheering and clapping.
I could hear people cheering.
I could hear people groaning in pain.
I could hear people moving about upstairs.
I could hear screaming inside the house.
I could hear several audience members snoring.
I could hear shrieks of hysterical laughter spilling from the other room.
I could hear sirens in the distance.
I could hear snoring from the next tent.
I could hear someone calling my name on the noisy platform.
I could hear someone hammering.
I could hear someone moving around in the kitchen.
I could hear someone snoring in the room next to mine.
I could hear the birds singing outside.
I could hear the bullets whizzing overhead.
I could hear the coins jingling in my pocket.
I could hear the dog barking all night long.
I could hear the dog barking.
I could hear the laughter and chatter from those days.
I could hear the loud laughter coming through the open window.
I could hear the shower running.
I could hear the sizzle of the steak on Adriano's grill.
I could hear the sound of Tom breathing.
I could hear the sound of Tom's voice coming from the next room.
I could hear the sound of a car pulling into the driveway.
I could hear the sound of children playing outside my window.
I could hear the train's whistle as it was leaving.
I could hear the voices of several other guests who had arrived and were already eating together in the main dining room.
I could hear the water running.
I could hear the wind.
I could hear them arguing.
I could hear them laugh in the background.
I could hear them talking through the wall.
I could hear what was going on outside.
I could hear what was happening outside.
I could hear you coming.
I could hear you miles away!
I could hear you pacing all night.
I could help Tom and Mary do that.
I could help Tom do it.
I could help Tom do that.
I could help Tom.
I could help her.
I could help him.
I could help if you want me to.
I could help take care of the baby.
I could help them.
I could help you and Tom.
I could help you do that.
I could help you make a list of things we need to buy.
I could help you out if you want.
I could help you out.
I could help you there.
I could help you with it.
I could help you with that.
I could help you with your exam if you want.
I could help you.
I could help.
I could hit the ball.
I could hurt Tom if I wanted to.
I could if I wanted to, but I don't.
I could imagine that.
I could intervene.
I could introduce her to some people.
I could invite Tom over for dinner.
I could just as easily say that among elephants, the female wears the trousers.
I could just refuse to go.
I could just refuse to help Tom.
I could keep Tom company.
I could keep her company.
I could keep him company.
I could keep it a secret, but not for too long.
I could keep it a secret.
I could kick myself for not bringing a map.
I could kick myself for not inviting Tom and Mary to my party.
I could kick myself for that.
I could kill for a drink in town with some friends right now.
I could kill him.
I could kill you for what you've done.
I could kill you myself.
I could kill you now.
I could kill you right now.
I could kill you.
I could kiss you right now.
I could kiss you.
I could knock you out with just one punch.
I could leap off a bridge and on to a galloping horse and start eating it. I'm so hungry.
I could learn something from you, I think.
I could lend you my computer if you wish.
I could lend you some money if you needed some.
I could listen to Yanni's stories forever.
I could listen to him for hours.
I could listen to this song all day, and I wouldn't get tired of it.
I could listen to this song all day.
I could live anywhere.
I could live in Australia.
I could live in Boston.
I could live off of mushrooms for the rest of my life.
I could live peacefully here.
I could live with that.
I could look at this for hours.
I could look into it if you want me to.
I could look into the matter.
I could lose a few kilos.
I could lose a few pounds.
I could lose my job.
I could lose my license.
I could lose my pension.
I could make a fortune doing this.
I could make a phone call.
I could make an exception this time.
I could make changes.
I could make her talk.
I could make myself understood in English.
I could make nothing of what he said.
I could make that happen.
I could make things easier for you.
I could make you cry if I wanted to.
I could make you do that, but I don't want to.
I could make you do that, but I won't.
I could make you feel sensations you've never felt in your life.
I could make you happy.
I could make you help us.
I could make you something to eat.
I could manage to earn my living.
I could murder a coffee.
I could name names.
I could neither eat nor drink.
I could neither see nor hear the speaker.
I could never afford a car like that.
I could never afford a house as nice as that.
I could never afford this.
I could never afford to buy the kind of house Tom and Mary live in.
I could never afford to buy the kind of house Tom lives in.
I could never afford to buy this.
I could never ask that of you.
I could never be a great cook, since I think everything tastes good.
I could never be a phlebotomist. I don't have the stomach for that kind of work.
I could never be a true man of my word.
I could never be like that.
I could never be like you.
I could never be violent.
I could never compete with you.
I could never do anything like that.
I could never do it again.
I could never do it like you do.
I could never do that again.
I could never do that alone.
I could never do that as well as you.
I could never do that kind of thing.
I could never do that like you do.
I could never do that sort of thing.
I could never do that to Tom.
I could never do that to her.
I could never do that to him.
I could never do that to them.
I could never do that to you.
I could never do that.
I could never do what you're doing.
I could never fool you, even when you were small.
I could never fool you.
I could never forget that.
I could never forget you.
I could never forgive Mary if she did that.
I could never forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
I could never forgive Tom if he did that.
I could never forgive my boyfriend for cheating on me.
I could never forgive myself if I did that.
I could never fully grasp the horror of sexual violence in gangs.
I could never get away with that.
I could never give up meat.
I could never go back there again.
I could never harm you.
I could never hate you.
I could never have imagined such a sensation.
I could never have imagined that something like this existed.
I could never hurt Tom.
I could never hurt her.
I could never hurt him.
I could never hurt them.
I could never hurt you since you are my blood.
I could never hurt you.
I could never imagine a life without you.
I could never imagine attaining such a position.
I could never live in Australia.
I could never live in Boston.
I could never live in a place like this.
I could never live in a place that cold.
I could never live in a place this cold.
I could never live in a place this hot.
I could never live without you by my side.
I could never make him believe what I said.
I could never match Tom's sensitivity.
I could never really get into jazz.
I could never replace Tom.
I could never replace her.
I could never replace him.
I could never replace them.
I could never replace you.
I could never sing a song like that in public.
I could never stop loving you.
I could never understand Danish.
I could never understand my uncle very well back in the day.
I could never vote for that man.
I could never win an election.
I could never work in a funeral home.
I could no longer keep standing.
I could no longer pretend that I wasn't in pain.
I could no longer see Tom, but I could hear his footsteps.
I could no longer stand staying inside.
I could not accept that my wife was really dead.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle, much less a car.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
I could not afford to pay back my debt.
I could not attend the ceremony.
I could not attend the meeting.
I could not be more proud.
I could not bear to see the scene.
I could not believe his statement.
I could not believe my ears.
I could not believe my eyes!
I could not believe my eyes.
I could not believe my own eyes.
I could not believe what I saw.
I could not bring myself to dance with him.
I could not bring myself to eat it.
I could not but admire his courage.
I could not but cheer when my friend was handed the trophy.
I could not but feel disappointed at hearing the news.
I could not but laugh at his joke.
I could not but laugh at the joke.
I could not but laugh.
I could not but observe that as she took the seat which Sherlock Holmes placed for her, her lip trembled, her hand quivered, and she showed every sign of intense inward agitation.
I could not but sigh when I heard the news.
I could not but suspect that there was something behind it.
I could not but talk back to my boss.
I could not but think that he had died.
I could not buy the 3 sen stamp to put on the letter, so it ended up staying for many days on top of the tokonoma.
I could not care less.
I could not catch a single word of their talk.
I could not catch as many fish as I had expected.
I could not catch her words.
I could not come because of the heavy rain.
I could not come to your birthday party.
I could not come up to his expectations.
I could not control my anger.
I could not convince him of his mistake.
I could not decide which way to choose.
I could not defer my job to no one.
I could not do this with an easy conscience.
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told, since ladies of any sort must be few upon the moor, and I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty.
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told.
I could not eat another bite.
I could not even make a guess at the working of her mind.
I could not express with words the sheer beauty of the lake.
I could not figure out what was wrong.
I could not find him out.
I could not find it anyplace.
I could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station.
I could not find that word in the dictionary.
I could not find the plural form of this word.
I could not find the right menu option on the ATM.
I could not find the translation of this article on any website.
I could not find them in the party.
I could not finish it.
I could not for the life of me figure out what was wrong.
I could not get anybody to go with me, and so I went by myself.
I could not get out of the stadium because of the crowd.
I could not get out.
I could not get rid of my doubt about it.
I could not give the correct answer to the question.
I could not go to the party because of illness.
I could not have done it.
I could not have done otherwise.
I could not have guessed that she did that!
I could not have known that.
I could not have said it better myself.
I could not help admiring his courage.
I could not help but state my opinion.
I could not help crying at the sad news.
I could not help feeling sorry for him.
I could not help feeling sympathy with him.
I could not help laughing at him.
I could not help laughing at his haircut.
I could not help laughing at his jokes.
I could not help laughing at the sight.
I could not help laughing to see him dancing.
I could not help laughing when I saw him.
I could not help laughing.
I could not help overhearing what Tom said to you.
I could not help smiling.
I could not image how cruel he was at that time.
I could not imagine her face when she tries this lemonade.
I could not keep the tears from my eyes.
I could not let Tom leave.
I could not lie to a lady.
I could not live without you.
I could not make my way at all because of the crowd.
I could not make myself heard above the noise.
I could not make myself heard in the noisy class.
I could not make myself heard on account of the noise.
I could not make myself understood in English.
I could not make myself understood to them in English.
I could not make out what he meant.
I could not make the train.
I could not make up my mind out of hand.
I could not meet you at the airport.
I could not move.
I could not persuade him of my honesty.
I could not persuade him that it was true.
I could not persuade the Titans.
I could not phone you, the battery was dead.
I could not possibly accept that.
I could not possibly finish the work in a few days.
I could not recognize him at first.
I could not refrain from smoking.
I could not refuse.
I could not remember his name for the life of me.
I could not remember your name.
I could not repress a keen thrill of sympathy for the child, whoever it was, whose only Christmas was to watch, in cold and storm, the rich banquet ungratefully enjoyed by the lonely bachelor.
I could not resist the lure of great profits.
I could not say "I'm sorry."
I could not say "Im sorry."
I could not say a word for fear.
I could not say what I wanted.
I could not see anything.
I could not sleep because of the heat.
I could not sleep because of the noise.
I could not sleep much last night.
I could not sleep that night.
I could not sleep well last night, because it was so hot.
I could not sleep.
I could not solve this problem by any means.
I could not speak a word, for my heart was full.
I could not speak from fear.
I could not speak to him.
I could not stand my house being torn down.
I could not stop by to greet you because I was in a hurry.
I could not stop laughing.
I could not stop myself from crying aloud.
I could not study at home.
I could not subdue the desire to laugh.
I could not tell if the face was that of a man or a woman.
I could not tell if the face were that of a man or a woman.
I could not tell my parents, my family or my friends.
I could not tell what I should do then.
I could not think of anything.
I could not understand anything he said.
I could not understand what prevented me from moving.
I could not understand what the president said then.
I could not understand.
I could not visit today because of my illness.
I could not walk.
I could not write a love letter to her.
I could not write it down.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. Curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
I could only answer three of the questions that Tom asked.
I could only come up with hackneyed lines.
I could only feel how the knife buried itself in my back.
I could only feel pity for what they were enduring.
I could only find two.
I could only see the wolf briefly.
I could only shake my head.
I could only stare at her in stupid surprise.
I could only stare at him in stupid surprise.
I could only take what fit into the suitcase.
I could only take what fitted into the suitcase.
I could only watch TV after I've done my homework.
I could order that for you.
I could order you to do that, but I'd rather you volunteered.
I could order you to do that.
I could order you to go with me.
I could order you to stay.
I could pay if it's really needed badly.
I could pick you up on my way to work.
I could possibly help.
I could practice meditation or yoga today.
I could prevent Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
I could prevent Tom from doing that.
I could prevent you from doing that if I wanted to.
I could prevent you from doing that.
I could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I could probably be tempted to do that.
I could probably convince Tom not to do that.
I could probably convince Tom to do that.
I could probably do that alone.
I could probably do that by myself.
I could probably do that in less than three hours.
I could probably do that on my own.
I could probably do that without anybody's help.
I could probably do that without anyone's help.
I could probably do that, but I don't want to.
I could probably do that.
I could probably force you to do that.
I could probably get Tom to do that.
I could probably get Tom to show us how to do that.
I could probably get used to doing this.
I could probably get used to having Tom for a son-in-law.
I could probably get used to living here.
I could probably help you do that.
I could probably help you.
I could probably help.
I could probably keep Tom from doing that.
I could probably save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
I could probably speak more properly, but I'm too lazy to try.
I could probably stop Tom from doing that.
I could probably teach you how to do that.
I could probably tell you who did that.
I could prove God statistically. Take the human body alone  the chances that all the functions of an individual would just happen is a statistical monstrosity.
I could put in a good word for you.
I could read Tom like a book.
I could read a deep gratitude in his eyes.
I could read between the lines that he wanted me to resign.
I could read between the lines.
I could readily believe it.
I could really do with a grilled chicken right now.
I could really get used to this.
I could really go for a Big Mac right now.
I could really go for a beer.
I could really go for a cigarette.
I could really go for a hamburger right now.
I could really go for a sandwich.
I could really go for a steak.
I could really go for another cup of coffee.
I could really go for some hot and steamy sex right about now!
I could really make that happen.
I could really make things hard for you, you know.
I could really mess things up for you, you know.
I could really use a change in scenery!
I could really use a drink right now.
I could really use a drink.
I could really use a helping hand.
I could really use a hug.
I could really use a nap.
I could really use some help.
I could really use your help on something.
I could really use your help.
I could recite the story by heart.
I could refuse to do that, but I don't think I will.
I could refuse to do that, but I won't.
I could reply to all of them.
I could rip you apart with my bare hands.
I could run much faster when I was young.
I could run quite a bit faster when I was young.
I could save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
I could save myself a lot of trouble by just doing that myself.
I could say a lot about this topic.
I could say a lot more.
I could say a lot on that subject.
I could say nothing in my dad's presence.
I could say nothing in my dads presence.
I could say nothing.
I could say that it is a bit much actually.
I could say that that's my dream.
I could say that's my dream.
I could say the same thing.
I could scarcely believe it.
I could scarcely breathe.
I could scarcely speak.
I could scarcely stand on my feet.
I could see Tokyo Tower far away.
I could see Tom and Mary were asleep.
I could see Tom and Mary were busy.
I could see Tom and Mary were drunk.
I could see Tom and Mary were happy.
I could see Tom and Mary were still alive.
I could see Tom and Mary were unhappy.
I could see Tom and Mary weren't in the mood to do that.
I could see Tom from where I stood.
I could see Tom from where I was standing.
I could see Tom reflected in the window.
I could see Tom was asleep.
I could see Tom was busy.
I could see Tom was drunk.
I could see Tom was happy.
I could see Tom was sleepy.
I could see Tom was still alive.
I could see Tom was tired.
I could see Tom was unhappy.
I could see Tom wasn't in the mood to do that.
I could see Tom's hands trembling.
I could see Tom.
I could see a change.
I could see a figure standing motionless in the distance.
I could see a little anxiety in his eyes.
I could see a small stream of light from underneath my bedroom.
I could see caimans everywhere.
I could see from under the door, that the light was on.
I could see in his eyes a mixture of determination and anger.
I could see it was you.
I could see my body lying in a hospital bed and I couldn't get into it anymore.
I could see my reflection in the pond.
I could see myself reflected in the window.
I could see nothing but fog.
I could see nothing good in this city.
I could see police lights behind the curtains.
I could see smoke coming out of Tom's chimney.
I could see something was wrong.
I could see that Tom and Mary were grinning.
I could see that Tom was grinning.
I could see that happening.
I could see that her fingers were trembling as she undid the fastenings of her mantle.
I could see that house from the window.
I could see that my mother was in a lot of pain.
I could see that she hated me and feared me, and when the thought of it drove me to drink, then she despised me as well.
I could see that there were other questions which Holmes would have wished to put; but the nobleman's abrupt manner showed that the interview was at an end.
I could see that.
I could see the concern on Tom's face.
I could see the happiness in her eyes.
I could see the love in his eyes.
I could see the red box on the top shelf, but I couldn't reach it.
I could see the rippling waves on my right.
I could see thousands of stars.
I could see traffic lights ahead of my car.
I could see you marrying Tom.
I could see you marrying her.
I could see you marrying him.
I could see you were in trouble.
I could see you.
I could sell this.
I could sense Tom's presence.
I could sense his emotions pouring out, as he held me tightly, never wanting to release me.
I could sense that I was a burden to my mother.
I could sense that Tom and Mary were upset.
I could sense that Tom was upset.
I could sense that.
I could show you around the city.
I could show you how this works.
I could show you how to ride a dragon, if you wish.
I could sit here all day.
I could sit on the beach chair and drink lemonade all day.
I could smell Mary's perfume, so I knew she'd been in the room.
I could smell beer on Tom's breath.
I could smell smoke.
I could smell the alcohol on Tom's breath.
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
I could smell the aroma of Adriano's steak from across the room.
I could smell the delicious steak cooking from miles away.
I could smell the food long before entering the house.
I could smell the sizzling steak from outside Adriano's restaurant.
I could snuff out his entire career if I spoke up about how he treats his employees.
I could solve the problem without any difficulty.
I could spend days in here.
I could spend hours in here.
I could spend the whole day kissing and hugging you.
I could stand here with you forever, just gazing off into the sea.
I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters.
I could stand it no longer.
I could stand no more.
I could stand to lose a few pounds.
I could stare at your face forever.
I could start a new hobby today.
I could start crying.
I could stay a while longer if you want me to.
I could stay here all day.
I could stay here in Australia until next Monday, I suppose.
I could stay here in Boston until Monday, I suppose.
I could stay in Australia for another two or three weeks if you need me here.
I could stay in Boston for another week or two if you need me here.
I could stay or go away.
I could stay or leave.
I could stay with you.
I could still change my mind.
I could stop Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
I could stop Tom from doing that.
I could stop you from doing that if I wanted to.
I could stop you from doing that.
I could sure use a drink.
I could sure use that money.
I could sure use that reward money.
I could sure use that scholarship money.
I could sure use your advice.
I could sure use your help right now.
I could sure use your help.
I could swear there's something inside this box.
I could swim across the river when I was twelve.
I could swim faster when I was young.
I could swim well even when I was a boy.
I could swim well even when I was a child.
I could swim well when I was a boy.
I could swim well when I was a child, too.
I could swim well when I was a child.
I could take very good care of you.
I could talk about him for hours.
I could talk endlessly about this topic.
I could talk to Tom.
I could talk to her.
I could talk to him.
I could talk to them.
I could teach Tom how to do that.
I could teach you French, but I don't want to.
I could teach you a thing or two.
I could teach you how to do that if you want me to.
I could teach you how to do that.
I could teach you how to drive if you wanted me to.
I could teach you how to play the ukulele if you wanted me to.
I could teach you if you like.
I could tear you apart with my bare hands.
I could tell Tom and Mary were hurt.
I could tell Tom and Mary were in a great deal of pain.
I could tell Tom and Mary were relieved.
I could tell Tom had been crying.
I could tell Tom had been drinking.
I could tell Tom the truth, I suppose.
I could tell Tom wanted to kiss me, but he didn't.
I could tell Tom was from Australia because of his accent.
I could tell Tom was hungry.
I could tell Tom was hurt.
I could tell Tom was in a great deal of pain.
I could tell Tom was joking.
I could tell Tom was relieved.
I could tell Tom was sleepy.
I could tell Tom was tired.
I could tell Tom was upset.
I could tell Tom wasn't happy.
I could tell Tom wasn't joking.
I could tell Tom wasn't pleased.
I could tell at a glance that she was in trouble.
I could tell at a glance that something was wrong.
I could tell by the look on Tom's face he knew what was going on.
I could tell by the look on Tom's face that he didn't like the idea.
I could tell by the look on Tom's face that he didn't understand what was going on.
I could tell by the look on Tom's face that he knew what was going on.
I could tell by the look on his face that he had come on very important business.
I could tell from his accent that he was a Frenchman.
I could tell from his accent that he was an American.
I could tell from your reaction that you were surprised.
I could tell he wanted something but he was too afraid to ask.
I could tell he was hurt.
I could tell he was in low spirits by the look on his face.
I could tell he was only pretending to read.
I could tell he was the man of my dreams right away.
I could tell right away it was you.
I could tell right away that Tom and Mary weren't feeling well.
I could tell right away that Tom wasn't feeling well.
I could tell she was hurt.
I could tell something was up.
I could tell that Mennad was a little distressed.
I could tell that Tom and Mary were in a lot of pain.
I could tell that Tom and Mary were really tired.
I could tell that Tom and Mary weren't happy.
I could tell that Tom didn't really want to talk to Mary.
I could tell that Tom had been crying.
I could tell that Tom had been drinking.
I could tell that Tom had been working out.
I could tell that Tom liked Mary.
I could tell that Tom recognized me.
I could tell that Tom was about to start crying.
I could tell that Tom was angry, but I don't think anyone else in the room could.
I could tell that Tom was close to tears.
I could tell that Tom was hungry.
I could tell that Tom was in a lot of pain.
I could tell that Tom was joking.
I could tell that Tom was really tired.
I could tell that Tom was trying not to cry.
I could tell that Tom wasn't happy.
I could tell that Tom wasn't joking.
I could tell that Tom wasn't pleased.
I could tell that Ziri was not happy about it by the look on his face.
I could tell that she was jealous.
I could tell them nothing.
I could tell you a lot about Tom.
I could tell you about beekeeping for hours, but I don't want to bore you.
I could tell you all the details if you want to know them.
I could tell you some things about Tom that might surprise you.
I could tell you that I love you, but I'd be lying.
I could tell you that I love you, but Id be lying.
I could tell you things about Tom that would surprise you.
I could tell you things about Tom that you probably don't know.
I could tell you were hungry.
I could tell you were in pain.
I could tell you who did it.
I could tell you who did that.
I could tell you, but I won't.
I could translate that poem to Spanish.
I could try doing that by myself.
I could try doing that myself.
I could try to get Tom to stop doing that.
I could try to get you a ticket.
I could try.
I could tutor you.
I could understand a little bit of Spanish as there are a lot of words that we borrowed from them that it even became a normal local words for different local languages here in the Philippines.
I could understand everything Tom said.
I could understand everything that Tom said.
I could understand her better if she didn't mumble so much.
I could understand him better if he didn't mumble so much.
I could understand the first few sentences, but the rest of his speech was all Greek to me.
I could understand what you were saying half the time.
I could understand why Mary hated me.
I could use a beer.
I could use a break.
I could use a couple of days alone.
I could use a drink.
I could use a fresh pair of eyes.
I could use a good laugh.
I could use a good recommendation.
I could use a hand.
I could use a hug here.
I could use a little coffee.
I could use a little help here.
I could use a little help in here.
I could use a little help over here.
I could use a little help.
I could use a little more money.
I could use a little privacy.
I could use a little sleep.
I could use a little sympathy.
I could use a ride to the airport.
I could use one.
I could use some advice.
I could use some alone time.
I could use some coffee.
I could use some extra money.
I could use some fun.
I could use some fun. How about you?
I could use some help here.
I could use some help in the kitchen.
I could use some help.
I could use some sleep.
I could use some support right now.
I could use some words of encouragement. Ive been feeling really down lately.
I could use something to drink.
I could use the help.
I could use the money.
I could use the practice.
I could use your help.
I could very well do that.
I could wait a little longer if you want me to.
I could wake him up with a bucket of cold water.
I could walk from here.
I could walk with you guys.
I could walk.
I could watch Tom all day.
I could watch Tom play all day.
I could watch Yanni's videos forever.
I could well enjoy that they said that to me.
I could win.
I could work at a problem for years, but to wait inactive for twenty-four hoursthat is another matter.
I could write Tom a note if it would help.
I could write Tom a note if you want me to.
I could write a book about my adventures.
I could write a book.
I could write an entire book about him.
I could write even poetry in Arabic.
I could write her a note if it would help.
I could write him a note if it would help.
I could write in my journal for a while.
I could write them a note if it would help.
I could've and should have done that.
I could've and should've done that.
I could've been a contender.
I could've been a professional basketball player.
I could've been a star.
I could've been a translator.
I could've been an interpreter.
I could've been as famous as Tom.
I could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if I'd worked a little faster.
I could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if Tom hadn't come over and started talking to me.
I could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if Tom hadn't started talking to me.
I could've been finished doing that by now if you hadn't been here.
I could've been happy if Tom had stayed.
I could've been hurt.
I could've been injured, but luckily I wasn't.
I could've been injured.
I could've been killed by Tom.
I could've been killed.
I could've been like you.
I could've been mistaken.
I could've been the first one to do that if I'd wanted to be.
I could've been the first one to do that, but I didn't want to be.
I could've bought that for you.
I could've caught that bus.
I could've changed.
I could've cried.
I could've died today.
I could've died tonight.
I could've died.
I could've done a better job.
I could've done better if I'd had more time.
I could've done better than you.
I could've done better, I think.
I could've done better.
I could've done it better.
I could've done it by myself, I think.
I could've done it by myself.
I could've done it faster by myself.
I could've done it faster than Tom.
I could've done it if you'd helped me.
I could've done it without your help.
I could've done much better if I'd tried.
I could've done much better.
I could've done that better myself.
I could've done that better than Tom did.
I could've done that better than Tom.
I could've done that better.
I could've done that by myself, I think.
I could've done that by myself.
I could've done that faster by myself.
I could've done that for you.
I could've done that if I'd wanted to, but I didn't want to.
I could've done that if I'd wanted to.
I could've done that if you'd helped me.
I could've done that on my own.
I could've done that without Tom's help.
I could've done that without your help.
I could've done that, but I chose not to.
I could've done that, but I didn't.
I could've done that, too, if I'd had a little more time.
I could've done that.
I could've done this without any help.
I could've done this without your help.
I could've done this without your permission.
I could've drowned.
I could've gone last week.
I could've gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't want to.
I could've gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't.
I could've gone to college, but I decided not to.
I could've gone to the seaside, but I went to the mountains instead.
I could've gone to work, whereas Tom had to.
I could've gone, but I didn't want to.
I could've got involved, but I chose not to.
I could've got involved, but I preferred not to.
I could've got involved, but chose not to.
I could've gotten involved, but I chose not to.
I could've gotten involved, but I preferred not to.
I could've gotten involved, but chose not to.
I could've handled it without Tom's help.
I could've handled that alone.
I could've helped Tom.
I could've helped if you'd let me know that you needed help.
I could've helped if you'd let me know you needed help.
I could've helped you if you had asked me.
I could've helped you out.
I could've helped you with your work.
I could've helped you.
I could've helped.
I could've hurt myself today.
I could've killed you, but I didn't.
I could've left early.
I could've lied to you, but I didn't.
I could've loaned you some money.
I could've lost my job.
I could've married Tom.
I could've married her.
I could've married him.
I could've married them.
I could've met you at the airport if you'd told me what time you were arriving.
I could've met you at the airport.
I could've never guessed that.
I could've never have guessed that.
I could've objected, but I didn't.
I could've picked a better time.
I could've played a lot better.
I could've prevented this from happening.
I could've prevented this.
I could've refused to do that, but I didn't.
I could've refused to do that.
I could've said no.
I could've saved Tom the money.
I could've saved Tom's life.
I could've shot Tom if I'd wanted to.
I could've shown you how to do that.
I could've simply refused to do that.
I could've stayed a while longer, but I was getting tired, so I decided to leave.
I could've stayed in Australia for a couple of more days, but I didn't want to.
I could've stayed in Boston for a couple of more days, but I didn't want to.
I could've stayed or left.
I could've stopped Tom, but I didn't.
I could've stopped doing that if I'd wanted to.
I could've stopped it.
I could've sung better.
I could've supported you.
I could've sworn I heard Tom's voice.
I could've sworn I heard something.
I could've sworn I parked my car here.
I could've sworn I saw Tom in the park.
I could've sworn I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I could've sworn I saw Tom there.
I could've sworn I saw somebody.
I could've sworn I saw someone.
I could've sworn I saw something.
I could've sworn something moved.
I could've sworn that I saw Tom downtown today.
I could've sworn that I saw somebody.
I could've sworn that I saw someone.
I could've sworn that we own a frying pan.
I could've taken Tom there.
I could've told Tom that, but I didn't.
I could've told you so.
I could've told you that if you'd asked me.
I could've told you that was going to happen.
I could've told you that.
I could've tried harder to get along with everyone in the class.
I could've tried harder, I guess.
I could've used it.
I could've used that.
I could've visited Australia, but decided to go to New Zealand instead.
I could've visited Boston, but decided to go to Chicago instead.
I could've waited longer, I guess.
I could've waited longer, I suppose.
I could've warned Tom more forcefully.
I could've won the race if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I could've written it much better.
I could, but I don't think I want to.
I could, but I don't think that I want to.
I coulda been a contender.
I coulda been somebody, instead of a bum.
I couldn't abide looking at it.
I couldn't accept rejection.
I couldn't accept the job.
I couldn't accommodate Tom.
I couldn't achieve the desired outcome in the negotiation process.
I couldn't afford a lawyer.
I couldn't afford an attorney.
I couldn't afford it. In other words, I was too poor to buy it.
I couldn't afford living in Boston.
I couldn't afford that.
I couldn't afford this neighborhood.
I couldn't afford to buy a bicycle, much less a car.
I couldn't afford to buy everything I needed.
I couldn't afford to buy everything we needed.
I couldn't afford to do that.
I couldn't afford to get you a new drum.
I couldn't afford to live in that neighborhood.
I couldn't afford to live in this neighborhood.
I couldn't afford to pay back my debt.
I couldn't agree more!
I couldn't agree more.
I couldn't agree with his opinion.
I couldn't agree with that.
I couldn't agree with you more.
I couldn't allow that to happen.
I couldn't answer a single question in the exam.
I couldn't answer all of the questions.
I couldn't answer all the questions.
I couldn't answer any of Tom's questions.
I couldn't answer any of the questions in the exam.
I couldn't answer any of the questions on the exam.
I couldn't answer any questions on the test.
I couldn't answer half the questions.
I couldn't answer that question.
I couldn't answer the difficult math problem.
I couldn't answer the first question Tom asked me.
I couldn't answer the first question that Tom asked me.
I couldn't answer.
I couldn't anticipate that that would happen.
I couldn't anticipate that would happen.
I couldn't ascertain the reason.
I couldn't ask Tom for money.
I couldn't ask Tom to do that.
I couldn't ask for a better Berber teacher.
I couldn't ask for a better holiday!
I couldn't ask for anything better.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
I couldn't ask for more.
I couldn't ask her for money.
I couldn't ask him for money.
I couldn't ask them for money.
I couldn't ask you to do that.
I couldn't ask you.
I couldn't attend that party because I was sick.
I couldn't attend the ceremony.
I couldn't attend the meeting because of illness.
I couldn't attend the party because I was sick.
I couldn't attend the party on account of illness.
I couldn't attend the party.
I couldn't avoid her.
I couldn't avoid him.
I couldn't avoid it.
I couldn't avoid meeting Tom.
I couldn't barricade myself in the house with the cat.
I couldn't bathe myself.
I couldn't be a doctor.
I couldn't be any more grateful than I am right now.
I couldn't be any more tired.
I couldn't be at the meeting last week because I was in Australia.
I couldn't be at the meeting last week because I was in Boston.
I couldn't be better.
I couldn't be gladder!
I couldn't be happier about that.
I couldn't be happier about your recent promotion.
I couldn't be happier being single.
I couldn't be happier for Tom.
I couldn't be happier for the two of you.
I couldn't be happier for you guys.
I couldn't be happier for you.
I couldn't be happier.
I couldn't be more certain.
I couldn't be more disappointed.
I couldn't be more excited.
I couldn't be more pleased.
I couldn't be more proud of my boys.
I couldn't be more proud.
I couldn't be prouder of my kids.
I couldn't be prouder.
I couldn't be sure that Tom would come.
I couldn't be there.
I couldn't bear any more insults.
I couldn't bear it any more.
I couldn't bear it.
I couldn't bear the cold any longer.
I couldn't bear the cold any more.
I couldn't bear the thought of it.
I couldn't bear to look at Tom.
I couldn't bear to look at her.
I couldn't bear to lose you again.
I couldn't bear to see such a scene.
I couldn't bear to see that happen again.
I couldn't beat Tom today.
I couldn't beat Tom.
I couldn't believe I have let Tom talk me into this.
I couldn't believe Tom did that.
I couldn't believe Tom resigned.
I couldn't believe Tom would really say no to me.
I couldn't believe he actually spat me on my face.
I couldn't believe he told me 'I love you'.
I couldn't believe how happy I was.
I couldn't believe it was Tom.
I couldn't believe it was over so quickly.
I couldn't believe it was you.
I couldn't believe it when I saw it.
I couldn't believe it when they told me.
I couldn't believe it, either.
I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe it. I just couldn't believe what happened.
I couldn't believe my ears!
I couldn't believe my ears.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw him driving his new car!
I couldn't believe my eyes.
I couldn't believe my luck.
I couldn't believe myself when she pretended to be angry. Her loud voice, red face...the whole caboodle was pretty convincing.
I couldn't believe no one thought my jokes were funny.
I couldn't believe nobody thought my jokes were funny.
I couldn't believe that Tom did that.
I couldn't believe that Tom would do that to me.
I couldn't believe that he had just done that to her.
I couldn't believe that it was over so quickly.
I couldn't believe that no one thought my jokes were funny.
I couldn't believe that nobody thought my jokes were funny.
I couldn't believe that she would do that to me.
I couldn't believe that that was happening to me.
I couldn't believe that that was happening.
I couldn't believe that this was really happening.
I couldn't believe that was happening to me.
I couldn't believe that was happening.
I couldn't believe the news.
I couldn't believe this was really happening to me.
I couldn't believe this was really happening.
I couldn't believe this!
I couldn't believe what I heard.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
I couldn't believe what my eyes saw.
I couldn't believe what took place before my eyes.
I couldn't believe what transpired before my eyes.
I couldn't believe what was happening.
I couldn't blame you for that.
I couldn't breathe.
I couldn't bring Tom with me.
I couldn't bring his face into focus.
I couldn't bring myself to call on him.
I couldn't bring myself to do that.
I couldn't bring myself to hit Tom.
I couldn't bring myself to kill it, so I let it go.
I couldn't bring myself to pull the trigger.
I couldn't bring myself to see the horror movie again.
I couldn't bring myself to take the job.
I couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth.
I couldn't bring myself to throw it away.
I couldn't bring myself to throw your picture away.
I couldn't bring myself to touch it.
I couldn't bring myself to watch.
I couldn't but admire Tom.
I couldn't but be irritated with you.
I couldn't but buy such lovely dolls.
I couldn't but speak the truth.
I couldn't but sympathize with the girl who had lost her parents in the accident.
I couldn't buy a red coat, so I bought a blue one.
I couldn't buy a ticket anymore.
I couldn't buy it.
I couldn't call my family.
I couldn't call you.
I couldn't call you. The telephone was out of order.
I couldn't call you; the telephone was out of order.
I couldn't calm Tom down.
I couldn't care less about Ziri.
I couldn't care less about all that.
I couldn't care less about him.
I couldn't care less about it.
I couldn't care less about my age; I love to snuggle my stuffies.
I couldn't care less about sports.
I couldn't care less about what Tom thinks.
I couldn't care less about what he thinks.
I couldn't care less about you.
I couldn't care less how much money you have.
I couldn't care less if others don't like the sci-fi shows I like watching.
I couldn't care less if the teacher is mad at me.
I couldn't care less what "the people" think.
I couldn't care less what happens.
I couldn't care less what he thinks.
I couldn't care less what kind of music you listen to.
I couldn't care less what kinds of music you listen to.
I couldn't care less what they say.
I couldn't care less what you think of me.
I couldn't care less what you think.
I couldn't care less whether you stay or go.
I couldn't care less who wins.
I couldn't care less.
I couldn't catch as many fish as I'd expected.
I couldn't catch him.
I couldn't catch it.
I couldn't catch my breath.
I couldn't catch on to the joke he told us.
I couldn't catch the ball.
I couldn't catch the dog even though I ran as fast as I could.
I couldn't catch the train.
I couldn't catch what he said.
I couldn't choose just one.
I couldn't clear my mind.
I couldn't close my eyes.
I couldn't come because I had to clear the snow.
I couldn't come because it rained.
I couldn't come because of the heavy rain.
I couldn't come because of the rain.
I couldn't come earlier.
I couldn't come to his birthday party.
I couldn't come to the birthday party.
I couldn't come to your birthday party.
I couldn't come up with an answer.
I couldn't come up with any good ideas.
I couldn't compete with that.
I couldn't comprehend it at that time.
I couldn't concentrate long.
I couldn't concentrate on my work because of the noise.
I couldn't connect to the network.
I couldn't contain my anger.
I couldn't contain my excitement.
I couldn't contain myself any longer.
I couldn't contradict her.
I couldn't control my anger.
I couldn't control my tears.
I couldn't control myself.
I couldn't control them.
I couldn't convince Tom lend me the money I needed.
I couldn't convince Tom to do that.
I couldn't convince Tom to help.
I couldn't convince Tom.
I couldn't convince them to change their decision.
I couldn't cry.
I couldn't deal with it.
I couldn't deal with that.
I couldn't decide what to do next.
I couldn't decide what to do, so I just followed my heart.
I couldn't decide what to do.
I couldn't decide what to wear.
I couldn't decide whether I wanted an ice cream or an ice lolly, so I bought both.
I couldn't decide which shirt to buy, so I didn't buy either.
I couldn't deny it.
I couldn't deny that.
I couldn't determine if I was a man or a woman, so I settled on genderfluid.
I couldn't determine which one it was.
I couldn't disagree more.
I couldn't disagree with you more.
I couldn't do any research because the internet was down.
I couldn't do anything about it.
I couldn't do anything about that at that time.
I couldn't do anything about that at the time.
I couldn't do anything about that.
I couldn't do anything at all except stand there.
I couldn't do anything at that time.
I couldn't do anything at the time.
I couldn't do anything because of you.
I couldn't do anything else.
I couldn't do anything for Tom.
I couldn't do anything to help Tom.
I couldn't do anything to help.
I couldn't do anything.
I couldn't do ballet.
I couldn't do everything I wanted to do.
I couldn't do everything that I wanted to do.
I couldn't do it anymore.
I couldn't do it better.
I couldn't do it but for her help.
I couldn't do it even if I tried.
I couldn't do it without you.
I couldn't do it.
I couldn't do otherwise.
I couldn't do that again.
I couldn't do that any better myself.
I couldn't do that any longer.
I couldn't do that anytime soon.
I couldn't do that because I was busy.
I couldn't do that because I was sick.
I couldn't do that because I was too busy.
I couldn't do that by myself, so I asked Tom to help me.
I couldn't do that by myself.
I couldn't do that either.
I couldn't do that even if I tried.
I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
I couldn't do that for a living.
I couldn't do that last week because I was in Australia.
I couldn't do that last week because I was in Boston.
I couldn't do that last week because I was sick.
I couldn't do that last year, but I can now.
I couldn't do that to Tom.
I couldn't do that to myself.
I couldn't do that to you.
I couldn't do that today.
I couldn't do that when I was a child.
I couldn't do that when I was a kid.
I couldn't do that without a lot of help.
I couldn't do that without help.
I couldn't do that without you.
I couldn't do that without your help.
I couldn't do that, but Tom could.
I couldn't do that.
I couldn't do the math.
I couldn't do the things that I wanted to do.
I couldn't do this all alone.
I couldn't do this without your help.
I couldn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I couldn't do what you do.
I couldn't donate.
I couldn't draw a stick figure to save my life.
I couldn't drink both bottles, so I left one for you.
I couldn't eat another bite.
I couldn't eat another mouthful.
I couldn't eat anything at all.
I couldn't eat anything because I felt sick to my stomach.
I couldn't eat anything else.
I couldn't eat anything.
I couldn't eat everything on my plate.
I couldn't eat fish when I was a child.
I couldn't eat my tacos.
I couldn't eat the food because it was too hot.
I couldn't eat what Tom made.
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.
I couldn't enter in short shorts.
I couldn't escape.
I couldn't even be there.
I couldn't even feed myself.
I couldn't even guess.
I couldn't even look at her face out of embarrassment.
I couldn't even see one meter in front of me!
I couldn't even taste it.
I couldn't even think that he'd want to cheat me.
I couldn't even understand the main point of what he said.
I couldn't even walk away, much less run.
I couldn't ever marry somebody like that.
I couldn't ever marry someone like that.
I couldn't explain it better.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was going on.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was going to happen.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was happening.
I couldn't fall asleep because of the noise.
I couldn't fall asleep, even though I was very tired.
I couldn't fall asleep, so I started to read a book.
I couldn't fall asleep.
I couldn't fall back to sleep.
I couldn't feel happier than right now.
I couldn't feel my legs.
I couldn't fight Tom.
I couldn't fight her.
I couldn't fight him.
I couldn't fight them.
I couldn't fight.
I couldn't figure Tom out.
I couldn't figure it out.
I couldn't figure out how to do it.
I couldn't figure out how to do that.
I couldn't figure out how to open the door.
I couldn't figure out how to solve the puzzle.
I couldn't figure out the answer.
I couldn't figure out what Tom and Mary were going to do.
I couldn't figure out what Tom wanted me to do.
I couldn't figure out what Tom wanted.
I couldn't figure out what Tom was going to do.
I couldn't figure out what Tom was trying to say.
I couldn't figure out what he meant.
I couldn't figure out what he was talking about.
I couldn't figure out what she was talking about.
I couldn't figure out what to do.
I couldn't figure out what was wrong.
I couldn't figure out where on earth he was heading for.
I couldn't figure out who that girl was.
I couldn't figure out who that guy was.
I couldn't figure out who that man was.
I couldn't figure that out.
I couldn't find Mary's house.
I couldn't find Sarah.
I couldn't find Tom anywhere.
I couldn't find Tom's house.
I couldn't find Tom.
I couldn't find a babysitter for tonight, so I can't go to the party.
I couldn't find a better idea, so I had to choose that method.
I couldn't find a cab last night.
I couldn't find a clerk to wait on me.
I couldn't find a hotel to stay in, so I slept outside.
I couldn't find a job in Australia.
I couldn't find a job in Boston.
I couldn't find a job that would pay me enough to support my family.
I couldn't find a job.
I couldn't find a parking space.
I couldn't find a place to park.
I couldn't find a pulse.
I couldn't find a seat on the bus, so I had to stand.
I couldn't find a seat on the train, so I had to stand.
I couldn't find a seat, so I stood in the back of the auditorium.
I couldn't find a single picture of Tom and Mary together.
I couldn't find a single picture of Tom wearing a hat.
I couldn't find a solution to the technical glitch.
I couldn't find a taxi last night.
I couldn't find another way to tell you.
I couldn't find any shoes that I liked.
I couldn't find any shoes that fit me.
I couldn't find any shoes that fit.
I couldn't find anybody.
I couldn't find anything I was looking for.
I couldn't find anything about that.
I couldn't find anything better.
I couldn't find anything my size.
I couldn't find anything to eat in the kitchen.
I couldn't find anything wrong about Islam.
I couldn't find distraction.
I couldn't find everything I needed.
I couldn't find her anywhere.
I couldn't find her.
I couldn't find him anywhere.
I couldn't find him.
I couldn't find his house.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
I couldn't find it in my local supermarket, but I found it being sold online.
I couldn't find it.
I couldn't find my French dictionary.
I couldn't find my big blue dictionary. Where did you hide it?
I couldn't find my checkbook.
I couldn't find my flashlight.
I couldn't find my hat.
I couldn't find my keys.
I couldn't find my non-virtual address book until only a few minutes ago.
I couldn't find my phone.
I couldn't find my sandwich.
I couldn't find my seat number.
I couldn't find my shoes anywhere.
I couldn't find my shoes.
I couldn't find my sleeping bag.
I couldn't find my socks!
I couldn't find my socks.
I couldn't find my umbrella.
I couldn't find my wallet.
I couldn't find my way out of the cave.
I couldn't find my way out.
I couldn't find out anything.
I couldn't find out what Tom wanted.
I couldn't find out who that person was.
I couldn't find that word in my dictionary.
I couldn't find the cabin.
I couldn't find the information I was looking for.
I couldn't find the light switch.
I couldn't find the money Tom had hidden.
I couldn't find the money that Tom had hidden.
I couldn't find the off switch.
I couldn't find the page I was looking for.
I couldn't find the page that I was looking for.
I couldn't find the right words to describe my feelings for Tom.
I couldn't find the station, and I didn't know how to ask where it was in French.
I couldn't find the toilet.
I couldn't find the translation of this article on any website.
I couldn't find the word I was looking for in the dictionary.
I couldn't find the word in the dictionary.
I couldn't find them anywhere.
I couldn't find them.
I couldn't find what I wanted.
I couldn't find what I was looking for.
I couldn't find what Tom had hidden.
I couldn't find what you asked for.
I couldn't find where it was.
I couldn't find work in Australia, so I came back home.
I couldn't find work in Boston, so I came back home.
I couldn't finish it.
I couldn't finish my assignments.
I couldn't finish my sandwich.
I couldn't fix it.
I couldn't fix the original sentences since they either don't make sense at all or would look clumsy even if corrected anyway.
I couldn't for the life of me figure out what the problem was.
I couldn't for the life of me figure out what was wrong.
I couldn't for the life of me find the key to the flat.
I couldn't for the life of me remember that man's name.
I couldn't for the life of me remember where I'd parked my car.
I couldn't for the life of me work out the answer.
I couldn't for the life of me work out what was wrong.
I couldn't for the most part make out what he said.
I couldn't for the most part make out what she said.
I couldn't force you to do that.
I couldn't forget Marika's voice for days.
I couldn't forget you if I tried.
I couldn't forget.
I couldn't forgive Mary if she did that.
I couldn't forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
I couldn't forgive Tom if he did that.
I couldn't fully concentrate at the work because of Tom's presence.
I couldn't get Tom out of my mind.
I couldn't get Tom to agree to do that.
I couldn't get Tom to buy that, no matter what I tried.
I couldn't get Tom to calm down.
I couldn't get Tom to change his mind.
I couldn't get Tom to do that.
I couldn't get Tom to say anything.
I couldn't get Tom to smile.
I couldn't get Tom to understand what needed to be done.
I couldn't get Tom to wait any longer.
I couldn't get Tom to wait.
I couldn't get Tom to wake up.
I couldn't get a definite answer from Tom.
I couldn't get a definite answer from him.
I couldn't get a hold of Tom.
I couldn't get a job in Australia.
I couldn't get a job in Boston.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom, and all he talked about was himself.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise.
I couldn't get another copy of the book.
I couldn't get any food unless it was brought to me.
I couldn't get any more information out of Tom.
I couldn't get away with anything.
I couldn't get away.
I couldn't get back to sleep.
I couldn't get enough of Adriano's steak.
I couldn't get her to wake up.
I couldn't get him by phone.
I couldn't get him on the phone.
I couldn't get him to do it.
I couldn't get him to leave me alone.
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.
I couldn't get him to wake up.
I couldn't get hold of Tom.
I couldn't get hold of him at his office.
I couldn't get home by myself.
I couldn't get in touch with Tom.
I couldn't get in touch with him.
I couldn't get in.
I couldn't get into my car because people had parked really close on both sides.
I couldn't get into the store because all the doors were locked.
I couldn't get it done on time.
I couldn't get it done.
I couldn't get it right.
I couldn't get it to work.
I couldn't get it.
I couldn't get more than that.
I couldn't get my arms around the trinity.
I couldn't get my car started.
I couldn't get my classmates to understand my thoughts.
I couldn't get my idea across to the class.
I couldn't get my point across.
I couldn't get off work to come.
I couldn't get online.
I couldn't get other copies of the book.
I couldn't get out of bed without waking him.
I couldn't get out of doing this.
I couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
I couldn't get out of the parking space because I was blocked in.
I couldn't get out of the traffic jam in time, so I had to pee in a bottle. Luckily it didn't overflow.
I couldn't get out.
I couldn't get permission to do that.
I couldn't get rid of it.
I couldn't get rid of my doubt about it.
I couldn't get that lucky.
I couldn't get that song out of my mind.
I couldn't get the box open.
I couldn't get the cap off the bottle.
I couldn't get the cork out of the bottle.
I couldn't get the door open.
I couldn't get the door unlocked.
I couldn't get the engine started.
I couldn't get the gate open.
I couldn't get the hang of it.
I couldn't get the lawn mower started.
I couldn't get the point of his speech.
I couldn't get the safe open.
I couldn't get the stain out of your green dress.
I couldn't get the tickets yesterday.
I couldn't get the toilet to flush.
I couldn't get them to wake up.
I couldn't get there in time.
I couldn't get this jar open.
I couldn't get this song out of my head for at least three days on end.
I couldn't get through it.
I couldn't get through to anybody.
I couldn't get through to anyone.
I couldn't get through to you yesterday.
I couldn't get to sleep at all last night.
I couldn't get to sleep.
I couldn't get up to walk.
I couldn't get warm enough.
I couldn't get what I needed.
I couldn't get what I wanted.
I couldn't get what Tom wanted.
I couldn't get what he wanted.
I couldn't get what you said.
I couldn't get you a new phone.
I couldn't give Mary what she needed.
I couldn't give Tom what he needed.
I couldn't give a flying flamingo what your view is.
I couldn't give a monkey's.
I couldn't give her the life that she deserved.
I couldn't go anywhere else.
I couldn't go anywhere.
I couldn't go back to my house.
I couldn't go because I had a bad cold.
I couldn't go because of the heavy rain.
I couldn't go for a walk because of the storm.
I couldn't go on a picnic because of the rain.
I couldn't go out because it was raining.
I couldn't go out because of the heavy rain.
I couldn't go out because of the rain.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
I couldn't go out on account of the bad weather.
I couldn't go out, due to the heavy rain.
I couldn't go outside.
I couldn't go swimming much last summer.
I couldn't go there today.
I couldn't go to Australia last year.
I couldn't go to Australia.
I couldn't go to Boston last year.
I couldn't go to Boston with Tom because I didn't have enough money.
I couldn't go to school for a week.
I couldn't go to school for a whole week.
I couldn't go to the concert, because my mother was sick.
I couldn't go to work because I was sick.
I couldn't go to your birthday party.
I couldn't go with that kind of thinking.
I couldn't go with you even if I wanted to.
I couldn't go.
I couldn't grow a mustache yet.
I couldn't handle it.
I couldn't handle that.
I couldn't handle the pressure anymore and I gave up.
I couldn't handle the pressure anymore, so I gave up.
I couldn't handle the problem.
I couldn't have arrived any earlier. There was a terrible traffic jam.
I couldn't have asked for a better teacher.
I couldn't have been happier.
I couldn't have been more mistaken.
I couldn't have been more wrong.
I couldn't have cared less.
I couldn't have dinner with Tom.
I couldn't have done any better myself.
I couldn't have done anything without Tom's help.
I couldn't have done better myself.
I couldn't have done it alone.
I couldn't have done it any better.
I couldn't have done it better myself.
I couldn't have done it by myself.
I couldn't have done it without Tom's help.
I couldn't have done it without Tom.
I couldn't have done it without everybody's help.
I couldn't have done it without everyone's help.
I couldn't have done it without her.
I couldn't have done it without him.
I couldn't have done it without the help of all of you.
I couldn't have done it without you.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
I couldn't have done it without your help.
I couldn't have done otherwise.
I couldn't have done that alone.
I couldn't have done that any better.
I couldn't have done that better myself.
I couldn't have done that better.
I couldn't have done that by myself.
I couldn't have done that if you hadn't been helping me.
I couldn't have done that if you hadn't helped.
I couldn't have done that on my own.
I couldn't have done that without Tom's help.
I couldn't have done that without Tom.
I couldn't have done that without help.
I couldn't have done that without you.
I couldn't have done that without your help.
I couldn't have done that.
I couldn't have done this without God.
I couldn't have done this without Tom's help.
I couldn't have done this without her.
I couldn't have done this without him.
I couldn't have done this without you.
I couldn't have done this without your help.
I couldn't have expressed it better.
I couldn't have finished my homework without Tom's help.
I couldn't have finished that job on time without your help.
I couldn't have finished the project on time without your help.
I couldn't have gotten this far without your help.
I couldn't have guessed that death was in the pipeline for me on that strange day.
I couldn't have helped Tom, even if I'd wanted to.
I couldn't have imagined it.
I couldn't have imagined that such an amount of snow would fall. I've had my work cut out shovelling ice and such all morning.
I couldn't have imagined that you could say such things.
I couldn't have made it alone.
I couldn't have moved that without help.
I couldn't have moved that without your help.
I couldn't have passed the exam.
I couldn't have picked a better time.
I couldn't have planned this.
I couldn't have predicted this happening.
I couldn't have prevented this.
I couldn't have said it any better myself.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
I couldn't have said it better.
I couldn't have said that better myself.
I couldn't have solved this case without you.
I couldn't have spent my vacation in a better place.
I couldn't have stayed even if I'd wanted to.
I couldn't have taken less of it.
I couldn't have wished for a better gift this Christmas.
I couldn't hear Tom clearly.
I couldn't hear Tom.
I couldn't hear a thing.
I couldn't hear a word Tom said.
I couldn't hear anything Tom said.
I couldn't hear anything Tom was saying.
I couldn't hear anything you said.
I couldn't hear anything.
I couldn't hear her.
I couldn't hear him.
I couldn't hear myself think.
I couldn't hear the sound well.
I couldn't hear them.
I couldn't hear what Tom said.
I couldn't hear what Tom was saying.
I couldn't hear what he was saying because of the noise.
I couldn't hear what they were saying.
I couldn't hear what was being said.
I couldn't hear what was happening in the next room.
I couldn't hear what you just said.
I couldn't hear what you said.
I couldn't hear you very well.
I couldn't hear you.
I couldn't help Mary do what she was trying to do.
I couldn't help Tom and Mary do that.
I couldn't help Tom and Mary do what they were trying to do.
I couldn't help Tom do that.
I couldn't help Tom do what he was trying to do.
I couldn't help Tom with that.
I couldn't help Tom.
I couldn't help admiring him.
I couldn't help asking.
I couldn't help blushing.
I couldn't help but admire Tom's perseverance.
I couldn't help but agree.
I couldn't help but ask.
I couldn't help but be impressed by Tom's courage.
I couldn't help but cry.
I couldn't help but fall in love with you.
I couldn't help but feel disappointed when I heard the news.
I couldn't help but feel frustrated.
I couldn't help but follow her.
I couldn't help but laugh at his jokes.
I couldn't help but laugh to myself.
I couldn't help but laugh when I saw it.
I couldn't help but laugh.
I couldn't help but let out a chuckle at Tom's cheesy joke.
I couldn't help but listen to Tom.
I couldn't help but notice Tom staring at me.
I couldn't help but notice how beautiful you are.
I couldn't help but notice that Tom was crying.
I couldn't help but notice that you're in pain.
I couldn't help but notice that you're limping a bit.
I couldn't help but notice the neon signs.
I couldn't help but notice you're in pain.
I couldn't help but notice.
I couldn't help but overhear what you said to Tom.
I couldn't help but overhear your conversation with Tom.
I couldn't help but overhear your conversation.
I couldn't help but remark on it.
I couldn't help but return home.
I couldn't help but smile.
I couldn't help but tease her a little bit.
I couldn't help but tease her.
I couldn't help but tease him a little bit.
I couldn't help but tease him.
I couldn't help but think I was making a mistake.
I couldn't help but think that I was making a mistake.
I couldn't help but think that what we were doing was a big mistake.
I couldn't help but think what we were doing was a big mistake.
I couldn't help but turn down his offer.
I couldn't help but watch.
I couldn't help but wonder what was going on.
I couldn't help crying.
I couldn't help doing that.
I couldn't help even if I wanted to.
I couldn't help falling asleep.
I couldn't help falling in love with Tom.
I couldn't help falling in love with you.
I couldn't help fearing I'd only imagined it.
I couldn't help feeling sorry for him.
I couldn't help her do that.
I couldn't help her.
I couldn't help him do that.
I couldn't help him.
I couldn't help it.
I couldn't help laughing at Tom.
I couldn't help laughing at his haircut.
I couldn't help laughing at his joke.
I couldn't help laughing at the plan.
I couldn't help laughing at the sight.
I couldn't help laughing out.
I couldn't help laughing when I heard that story.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw Tom doing that.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw him lying face down covered with mud.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw him.
I couldn't help laughing.
I couldn't help myself.
I couldn't help noticing that you seem to be limping.
I couldn't help overhear your conversation.
I couldn't help overhearing Ziri.
I couldn't help overhearing a bit of your conversation.
I couldn't help overhearing a few words.
I couldn't help overhearing what Tom said to you.
I couldn't help overhearing you.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with Tom.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with her.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with him.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation.
I couldn't help overhearing, but you're police officers who handle cyber-crime or some such?
I couldn't help overhearing.
I couldn't help smiling at her childlike frankness.
I couldn't help smiling.
I couldn't help staring at Tom.
I couldn't help staring at her.
I couldn't help the way I felt.
I couldn't help them do that.
I couldn't help them.
I couldn't help with anything.
I couldn't help wondering what he was up to.
I couldn't help yawning.
I couldn't help you even if I wanted to.
I couldn't help you.
I couldn't hide my elation.
I couldn't hold back my anger.
I couldn't hold back my tears.
I couldn't hold back the tears.
I couldn't hold it anymore and told her everything that I thought about her.
I couldn't hold it anymore.
I couldn't hold on any longer.
I couldn't ignore it.
I couldn't imagine a world without electricity.
I couldn't imagine anything worse.
I couldn't imagine dating anybody else.
I couldn't imagine dating anyone else.
I couldn't imagine myself doing that.
I couldn't imagine myself shooting anybody.
I couldn't imagine myself shooting anyone.
I couldn't imagine translating without the internet.
I couldn't improve my performance in the last evaluation.
I couldn't in my wildest dreams imagine myself wearing fur.
I couldn't invite him. We're not well acquainted.
I couldn't just drive off and leave you.
I couldn't just leave Mary there by herself.
I couldn't just leave Tom and Mary there by themselves.
I couldn't just leave Tom there by himself.
I couldn't just leave Tom there.
I couldn't just let you go.
I couldn't just sit there and do nothing.
I couldn't just stand by and do nothing.
I couldn't just stand there and do nothing.
I couldn't just stand there and say nothing.
I couldn't keep Tom away.
I couldn't keep from crying.
I couldn't keep from smiling when I saw Tom doing that.
I couldn't keep from smiling.
I couldn't keep from snickering.
I couldn't keep her away.
I couldn't keep him away.
I couldn't keep lying to Tom.
I couldn't keep lying to her.
I couldn't keep lying to him.
I couldn't keep lying to them.
I couldn't keep my anger down.
I couldn't keep my mind off of Mary.
I couldn't keep my mind off of Tom.
I couldn't keep my mind off of her.
I couldn't keep my mind off of him.
I couldn't keep myself from asking.
I couldn't keep myself from laughing.
I couldn't keep myself from yawning.
I couldn't keep the tears from my eyes.
I couldn't keep them away.
I couldn't keep those pupils under control.
I couldn't keep up with Tom.
I couldn't keep up with her.
I couldn't keep up with him.
I couldn't keep up with them.
I couldn't keep up with you because you were walking too fast.
I couldn't kick it off my mind.
I couldn't kill Tom.
I couldn't kill an animal.
I couldn't kill an innocent person, even for some imagined greater good.
I couldn't kill anybody.
I couldn't kill anyone.
I couldn't kill her.
I couldn't kill him.
I couldn't kill them.
I couldn't kill you, Tom.
I couldn't kill you.
I couldn't leave Australia.
I couldn't leave Tom to die.
I couldn't leave Tom without help.
I couldn't leave Tom.
I couldn't leave as early as Tom did.
I couldn't leave as early as Tom.
I couldn't leave her to die.
I couldn't leave him to die.
I couldn't leave it.
I couldn't leave my town.
I couldn't leave my village.
I couldn't leave right away because I had something I had to do.
I couldn't leave school.
I couldn't leave them to die.
I couldn't leave you alone to face the danger by yourself.
I couldn't leave you alone.
I couldn't leave you there all by yourself.
I couldn't leave you there.
I couldn't let Tom die.
I couldn't let Tom do that.
I couldn't let Tom get away with it.
I couldn't let Tom go without saying goodbye.
I couldn't let Tom go.
I couldn't let Tom know the truth.
I couldn't let Tom leave.
I couldn't let her die.
I couldn't let her go.
I couldn't let him die.
I couldn't let him go.
I couldn't let it go.
I couldn't let my mother down.
I couldn't let that happen.
I couldn't let them die.
I couldn't let them go.
I couldn't let you do that.
I couldn't let you take all the blame.
I couldn't let you win.
I couldn't lie to you.
I couldn't lift my right arm.
I couldn't light the candle because the wick was too short.
I couldn't listen to Tom anymore.
I couldn't listen to Tom's ramblings, so I chose to leave.
I couldn't live in Australia without you.
I couldn't live in Australia.
I couldn't live in Boston without you.
I couldn't live in Boston.
I couldn't live like that.
I couldn't live up to his expectations.
I couldn't live with myself if I didn't do something about that.
I couldn't live with myself if I ever hurt you.
I couldn't live with that kind of stress.
I couldn't live with that kind of uncertainty.
I couldn't live without television.
I couldn't live without you.
I couldn't locate him.
I couldn't look at it any longer.
I couldn't look her in the eye.
I couldn't look him in the eye.
I couldn't love anybody as much as I love you.
I couldn't make Tom do that, even if I tried.
I couldn't make Tom do that.
I couldn't make Tom laugh.
I couldn't make a decision for a long time.
I couldn't make head or tail of it.
I couldn't make heads or tails of it.
I couldn't make her out at all.
I couldn't make him understand it.
I couldn't make him understand my English.
I couldn't make it happen.
I couldn't make it stop.
I couldn't make it to the meeting as I was sick.
I couldn't make it.
I couldn't make myself clear enough, I guess.
I couldn't make myself heard above the noise.
I couldn't make myself heard in the classroom.
I couldn't make myself heard in the noisy class.
I couldn't make myself heard in the noisy classroom.
I couldn't make myself heard.
I couldn't make myself understood in English.
I couldn't make myself understood in French.
I couldn't make myself understood in a foreign country.
I couldn't make myself understood well in English.
I couldn't make myself understood.
I couldn't make out the writing.
I couldn't make out what he meant by 'megafeps'.
I couldn't make out what he wanted to say.
I couldn't make out what he was saying.
I couldn't make out what they were saying.
I couldn't make sense of most of it.
I couldn't make the train.
I couldn't make up my mind.
I couldn't make you do that.
I couldn't match your enthusiasm.
I couldn't meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas.
I couldn't meet his expectations.
I couldn't meet the deadline for the project submission.
I couldn't mend the strained relationship with my colleague.
I couldn't move my arms.
I couldn't move my right foot.
I couldn't move the heavy trunk by myself.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't open that jar.
I couldn't open the door.
I couldn't pass the exam.
I couldn't pass up that deal.
I couldn't pay for my shopping because I forgot my wallet at home. I had to return for it.
I couldn't persuade Tom to do that.
I couldn't persuade Tom to help us.
I couldn't persuade Tom to wait.
I couldn't persuade Tom.
I couldn't persuade her to go with us.
I couldn't phone you because my battery was flat.
I couldn't possibly do that.
I couldn't possibly eat another bite.
I couldn't possibly go there unless you went with me.
I couldn't pretend that I was enjoying myself.
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.
I couldn't prevent Tom from leaving.
I couldn't prevent Tom from swimming.
I couldn't prevent that from happening.
I couldn't print the handouts because the printer wasn't working.
I couldn't protect Tom.
I couldn't protect her.
I couldn't protect him.
I couldn't protect them.
I couldn't prove my theory.
I couldn't pull the wedding ring off of my finger.
I couldn't put it better.
I couldn't put my old pants on because they were too small.
I couldn't put up with Tom.
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.
I couldn't put up with him.
I couldn't put up with his rudeness.
I couldn't put up with that noise any longer.
I couldn't quite hear you.
I couldn't quite tell exactly what the problem was.
I couldn't reach Tom on the phone.
I couldn't reach Tom.
I couldn't reach him on his phone.
I couldn't reach my cane.
I couldn't read Tom's message.
I couldn't read anything more.
I couldn't read anything without my glasses.
I couldn't read because of the bad lighting.
I couldn't read his phlegmatic expression.
I couldn't read the book because it was in a foreign language.
I couldn't read the sign.
I couldn't read what was written.
I couldn't really care tuppence what he thinks.
I couldn't really hear Tom.
I couldn't really place myself in time at that moment.
I couldn't really speak Berber.
I couldn't recall their names.
I couldn't recognize her at first.
I couldn't recognize him at first.
I couldn't recognize him, not having met him before.
I couldn't refrain from setting the record straight in this unfair favor of traitment.
I couldn't refuse.
I couldn't rely on Tom judgment.
I couldn't remember all of their names.
I couldn't remember all their names.
I couldn't remember anything.
I couldn't remember ever having met her.
I couldn't remember her name.
I couldn't remember his name for the life of me.
I couldn't remember his name.
I couldn't remember my boss's husband's name though we'd played golf every other weekend for the last few years; that was a senior moment.
I couldn't remember the title of that song.
I couldn't remember their names.
I couldn't remember what they were called.
I couldn't remember where I had parked my car.
I couldn't remember where I'd left my umbrella.
I couldn't remember where we had met.
I couldn't remember your name.
I couldn't rent a car.
I couldn't repair this refrigerator.
I couldn't resist Tom's charm.
I couldn't resist a touch of schadenfreude when he was defeated so heavily in the election.
I couldn't resist doing that.
I couldn't resist having a second slice of cake.
I couldn't resist putting out the whole truth.
I couldn't resist the cherry pie at the bakery.
I couldn't resist the look in Tom's eyes.
I couldn't resist the temptation.
I couldn't resist the urge to applaud.
I couldn't resist.
I couldn't rest.
I couldn't restrain a smile.
I couldn't restrain myself.
I couldn't ring you because my battery was flat.
I couldn't run fast enough to catch up with Tom.
I couldn't run fast enough to keep up with them.
I couldn't run from the past.
I couldn't run.
I couldn't save Tom.
I couldn't save her.
I couldn't save him.
I couldn't save them.
I couldn't say a word.
I couldn't say anything to Tom about that.
I couldn't say anything.
I couldn't say goodbye.
I couldn't say it better.
I couldn't say no.
I couldn't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that I would be a pilot someday.
I couldn't say who I was.
I couldn't say.
I couldn't scrub the stain out.
I couldn't secure funding for the new business venture.
I couldn't see Tom from where I stood.
I couldn't see Tom from where I was standing.
I couldn't see Tom's face, but I was sure he was smiling.
I couldn't see Tom's face.
I couldn't see a thing.
I couldn't see any stars in the sky.
I couldn't see anybody.
I couldn't see anyone.
I couldn't see anything at all.
I couldn't see anything because I was blindfolded.
I couldn't see anything because of the fog.
I couldn't see anything because the lights were off.
I couldn't see anything but water.
I couldn't see anything in the darkness.
I couldn't see anything inside the box.
I couldn't see anything.
I couldn't see everything.
I couldn't see exactly what was going on.
I couldn't see him when I went out. I thought "She must have gone."
I couldn't see his face.
I couldn't see in the dark whether it was really him.
I couldn't see myself ever doing something like that.
I couldn't see myself ever doing that.
I couldn't see that far over in the field.
I couldn't see the car's license plate.
I couldn't see the end of the movie.
I couldn't see the lunar eclipse because of the clouds.
I couldn't see the parade well from where I was.
I couldn't see through his lies.
I couldn't see what Tom was doing.
I couldn't see what it was.
I couldn't see what she was wearing, but I knew it was something cute.
I couldn't see what was going on.
I couldn't see what was happening.
I couldn't see what was inside.
I couldn't see who it was.
I couldn't see who the driver was.
I couldn't see who was behind Tom.
I couldn't see who was in the car.
I couldn't see who was in the room.
I couldn't see who was inside the car.
I couldn't see who was sitting behind Tom.
I couldn't see who was sitting next to Tom.
I couldn't see who was standing behind Tom.
I couldn't see who was standing next to Tom.
I couldn't see your show.
I couldn't see.
I couldn't seem to catch my breath.
I couldn't sell it.
I couldn't sell the last one.
I couldn't send my son away.
I couldn't separate the two.
I couldn't shake off his hand.
I couldn't shoot a human being.
I couldn't sit through it.
I couldn't sleep all night.
I couldn't sleep at all last night.
I couldn't sleep at all.
I couldn't sleep because I had a toothache.
I couldn't sleep because of his snoring.
I couldn't sleep because of my bellyache.
I couldn't sleep because of the heat.
I couldn't sleep because of the noise.
I couldn't sleep either.
I couldn't sleep for sheer worry, while Tom slept soundly beside me, snoring.
I couldn't sleep for the life of me.
I couldn't sleep good last night.
I couldn't sleep last night, so I decided to watch a horror movie.
I couldn't sleep last night.
I couldn't sleep last night. I coughed a lot.
I couldn't sleep much that night.
I couldn't sleep on the bus.
I couldn't sleep on the plane.
I couldn't sleep standing up.
I couldn't sleep that night.
I couldn't sleep well because it was noisy outside.
I couldn't sleep well because of a harsh dream.
I couldn't sleep well because of my back pain.
I couldn't sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind.
I couldn't sleep well last night, because it was so hot.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so I don't feel well.
I couldn't sleep well last night.
I couldn't sleep well.
I couldn't sleep with the window open, since it was never quiet outside at night.
I couldn't sleep, thinking about it.
I couldn't sleep.
I couldn't sleep. I was far too excited.
I couldn't solve the problem even if I tried.
I couldn't solve the problem, even if I tried.
I couldn't solve the problem.
I couldn't solve the puzzle.
I couldn't solve this problem by any means.
I couldn't speak Berber when I first went there.
I couldn't speak French at that time.
I couldn't speak French back then.
I couldn't speak French very well in those days.
I couldn't speak French when I first got there.
I couldn't speak French.
I couldn't speak Japanese.
I couldn't speak to Tom.
I couldn't speak well that day.
I couldn't speak.
I couldn't spot Tom.
I couldn't spot her.
I couldn't spot him.
I couldn't spot them.
I couldn't stand Mary when I first met her.
I couldn't stand Tom and Mary when I first met them.
I couldn't stand Tom at first.
I couldn't stand Tom when I first met him.
I couldn't stand a life without pleasures!
I couldn't stand any longer.
I couldn't stand any more.
I couldn't stand anymore.
I couldn't stand being famous.
I couldn't stand being there anymore.
I couldn't stand doing that anymore.
I couldn't stand it any longer.
I couldn't stand it any more.
I couldn't stand it anymore.
I couldn't stand it.
I couldn't stand living out in the boonies, so I moved to the Big Apple.
I couldn't stand looking at it.
I couldn't stand my house being torn down.
I couldn't stand my job, so I quit.
I couldn't stand that desperate cry of hers, her large, dark eyes beginning to fill with tears, her pleading voice.
I couldn't stand the cold.
I couldn't stand the heat.
I couldn't stand the itching.
I couldn't stand the noise anymore.
I couldn't stand to see you cry.
I couldn't stand to see you leave.
I couldn't stand up because my foot had gone to sleep.
I couldn't stand your nervous laughter, so I decided to move.
I couldn't stand.
I couldn't stay awake.
I couldn't stay even if I wanted to.
I couldn't stay in the water very long. It was too cold.
I couldn't stay silent after everything she said to me.
I couldn't stay there with them.
I couldn't stay with Tom.
I couldn't stop Tom from doing that.
I couldn't stop Tom.
I couldn't stop crying.
I couldn't stop doing that.
I couldn't stop giggling.
I couldn't stop her.
I couldn't stop him.
I couldn't stop it.
I couldn't stop laughing.
I couldn't stop looking at his head, swaying from side to side.
I couldn't stop looking at it.
I couldn't stop myself from asking.
I couldn't stop myself from doing that.
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.
I couldn't stop myself from longing for her.
I couldn't stop myself from singing.
I couldn't stop myself from yawning.
I couldn't stop myself.
I couldn't stop shivering.
I couldn't stop smiling.
I couldn't stop staring at Tom.
I couldn't stop staring at her.
I couldn't stop staring at him.
I couldn't stop staring at it.
I couldn't stop staring at them.
I couldn't stop that from happening.
I couldn't stop them.
I couldn't stop thinking about Tom.
I couldn't stop thinking about her.
I couldn't stop thinking outside of Berber class.
I couldn't stop yawning.
I couldn't stop.
I couldn't suppress a yawn.
I couldn't survive in such a hostile environment.
I couldn't survive prison.
I couldn't survive without Tom.
I couldn't swear to it.
I couldn't swim as well as the other kids in my class.
I couldn't swim last year, but I can now.
I couldn't swing the golf club.
I couldn't take a sip of this coffee because it was too hot to drink.
I couldn't take in his idea.
I couldn't take in the lecture at all.
I couldn't take it anymore.
I couldn't take money from you.
I couldn't take my eyes off Mary.
I couldn't take my eyes off Tom.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
I couldn't take that chance.
I couldn't take that risk.
I couldn't take the chance.
I couldn't take your place.
I couldn't talk Tom into coming here with us.
I couldn't talk Tom into coming with us.
I couldn't talk Tom out of doing that.
I couldn't talk Tom out of going.
I couldn't talk on the phone at that time.
I couldn't talk to Tom.
I couldn't talk to her.
I couldn't talk to him.
I couldn't talk with her well today either.
I couldn't talk.
I couldn't tear my eyes from the scene.
I couldn't tell Tom everything.
I couldn't tell Tom the truth.
I couldn't tell Tom to leave. He's my own flesh and blood.
I couldn't tell Tom what he wanted to know.
I couldn't tell Tom what was going on.
I couldn't tell Tom what was going to happen.
I couldn't tell Tom what was happening.
I couldn't tell anyone.
I couldn't tell her from her sister.
I couldn't tell her the truth.
I couldn't tell her what I wanted.
I couldn't tell if Tom really understood the problem.
I couldn't tell if Tom was joking.
I couldn't tell if it was real or not.
I couldn't tell if you were angry or not.
I couldn't tell if you were happy or not.
I couldn't tell if you were mad or not.
I couldn't tell my parents, nor my family.
I couldn't tell the brothers apart.
I couldn't tell the colour of his shirt because it was too dark outside.
I couldn't tell the twins apart.
I couldn't tell them apart.
I couldn't tell them the truth.
I couldn't tell what Tom wanted.
I couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
I couldn't tell what had happened, but it looked bad.
I couldn't tell what it was.
I couldn't tell what kind of person this girl I met on the internet was from her profile, but something about her still piqued my curiosity, as though I had met her in a previous life, or something occult-ish like that, anyways.
I couldn't tell what was going on.
I couldn't tell what was real and what wasn't.
I couldn't tell what was real.
I couldn't tell whether Tom and Mary were asleep or not.
I couldn't tell whether Tom was asleep or not.
I couldn't tell whether or not he was winning or losing.
I couldn't tell whether there were thirty or forty birds in the flock.
I couldn't tell you even if I wanted to.
I couldn't tell you the truth.
I couldn't tell you who that was.
I couldn't tell you why.
I couldn't tell you.
I couldn't thank them enough.
I couldn't think of a better place to have a picnic.
I couldn't think of a brief explanation.
I couldn't think of a good place to hide my money.
I couldn't think of any other way to do that.
I couldn't think of any reason why Tom would be late.
I couldn't think of anything I wanted to buy.
I couldn't think of anything I'd enjoy more.
I couldn't think of anything appropriate to say.
I couldn't think of anything better than that.
I couldn't think of anything else I needed to do.
I couldn't think of anything else I wanted to buy.
I couldn't think of anything else I wanted to say.
I couldn't think of anything else to say.
I couldn't think of anything else to write.
I couldn't think of anything else.
I couldn't think of anything that needed to be done.
I couldn't think of anything to say to Tom.
I couldn't think of anything to say.
I couldn't think of anything worse.
I couldn't think of anything.
I couldn't think of doing anything like that.
I couldn't think of the name of the place.
I couldn't think straight.
I couldn't think up such a brief explanation.
I couldn't think very clearly.
I couldn't think who she was when she spoke to me.
I couldn't tolerate the stress of this work.
I couldn't translate because my computer was broken.
I couldn't turn down the job that they offered me.
I couldn't turn down the job they offered me.
I couldn't turn down the job.
I couldn't turn the computer on.
I couldn't understand Berber.
I couldn't understand Tom's explanation.
I couldn't understand Tom.
I couldn't understand a single thing.
I couldn't understand a single word of what they said.
I couldn't understand a single word.
I couldn't understand a thing from what he said.
I couldn't understand a word Tom said.
I couldn't understand a word.
I couldn't understand any of it.
I couldn't understand anything Tom said.
I couldn't understand anything at all.
I couldn't understand anything that he said.
I couldn't understand anything.
I couldn't understand every word of the Berber conversation.
I couldn't understand her accent.
I couldn't understand him at all. What about you?
I couldn't understand him at first.
I couldn't understand him; I couldn't follow his way of speaking.
I couldn't understand his ideas.
I couldn't understand his joke.
I couldn't understand it.
I couldn't understand that explanation.
I couldn't understand the announcement that was just made.
I couldn't understand what Tom wanted.
I couldn't understand what Tom was saying.
I couldn't understand what Tom was trying to say.
I couldn't understand what had happened.
I couldn't understand what he was getting at.
I couldn't understand what he was saying at first.
I couldn't understand what he was saying.
I couldn't understand what prevented me from moving.
I couldn't understand what the president said then.
I couldn't understand what the problem was.
I couldn't understand what they were saying because they were speaking a foreign language.
I couldn't understand what was going on.
I couldn't understand why Tom wanted to leave.
I couldn't understand why Tom wanted to quit school.
I couldn't understand why he wanted to leave.
I couldn't understand why she frowned at him.
I couldn't understand your letter.
I couldn't understand.
I couldn't unscrew that rusty nut, not even with a lot of hammering.
I couldn't verify that.
I couldn't visit Australia last summer.
I couldn't visit Australia.
I couldn't visit Boston last summer.
I couldn't wait another second.
I couldn't wait any longer, so I left.
I couldn't wait any longer.
I couldn't wait for Tom.
I couldn't wait for her.
I couldn't wait for him.
I couldn't wait for the movie to end.
I couldn't wait for them.
I couldn't wait for this trip with Tom to Australia.
I couldn't wait for you.
I couldn't wait much longer.
I couldn't wait to get back.
I couldn't wait to get my hands on one of those iBooks and now I got one as a present. I feel so lucky!
I couldn't wait to get started.
I couldn't wait to go to a hotel.
I couldn't wait to see her.
I couldn't wait to see him.
I couldn't wait to start learning Berber.
I couldn't wait to talk to Tom.
I couldn't wait to tell Tom my news.
I couldn't wait to tell Tom.
I couldn't wait to travel to Australia with Tom.
I couldn't wait to try my new skis.
I couldn't wait.
I couldn't wake Tom up.
I couldn't wake him up.
I couldn't wake you up.
I couldn't walk any further.
I couldn't walk anymore.
I couldn't walk to school for a whole week.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't watch him suffer.
I couldn't watch that movie until the end.
I couldn't wish for anything better.
I couldn't wish for anything more.
I couldn't work at home.
I couldn't wrap my head around it.
I couldn't wrap my head around what he meant by saying "megafeps."
I couldn't write a single word.
I couldn't write it down.
I couldn't.
I couldn've used one of those.
I couldnt abide looking at it.
I couldnt afford it. In other words, I was too poor to buy it.
I couldnt agree more.
I couldnt agree with his opinion.
I couldnt agree with you more.
I couldnt answer all of the questions.
I couldnt answer all the questions.
I couldnt answer any questions on the test.
I couldnt ask for a better ally.
I couldnt attend the party on account of illness.
I couldnt be gladder!
I couldnt bear any more insults.
I couldnt bear to look at her.
I couldnt bear to see such a scene.
I couldnt believe my ears!
I couldnt believe my eyes.
I couldnt believe myself when she pretended to be angry. Her loud voice, red face...the whole caboodle was pretty convincing.
I couldnt believe this!
I couldnt believe what I was seeing.
I couldnt bring myself to call on him.
I couldnt bring myself to see the horror movie again.
I couldnt bring myself to take the job.
I couldnt bring myself to tell her the truth.
I couldnt but be irritated with you.
I couldnt but buy such lovely dolls.
I couldnt but speak the truth.
I couldnt but sympathize with the girl who had lost her parents in the accident.
I couldnt call you; the telephone was out of order.
I couldnt care less if the teacher is mad at me.
I couldnt care less what they say.
I couldnt catch on to the joke he told us.
I couldnt catch the train.
I couldnt catch what he said.
I couldnt come because of the rain.
I couldnt come to your birthday party.
I couldnt concentrate in school.
I couldnt control my anger.
I couldnt control my tears.
I couldnt decide what to do, so I just followed my heart.
I couldnt do it but for her help.
I couldnt do otherwise.
I couldnt do that either.
I couldnt drink both bottles, so I left one for you.
I couldnt eat fish when I was a child.
I couldnt even feel wind whipping my face.
I couldnt even guess.
I couldnt even understand the main point of what he said.
I couldnt figure out how to do it.
I couldnt figure out what he meant.
I couldnt figure out what he was talking about.
I couldnt figure out what she was talking about.
I couldnt figure out where on earth he was heading for.
I couldnt find a clerk to wait on me.
I couldnt find his house.
I couldnt find it anywhere.
I couldnt find my non-virtual address book until only a few minutes ago.
I couldnt find the page I was looking for.
I couldnt for the most part make out what he said.
I couldnt for the most part make out what she said.
I couldnt get a definite answer from him.
I couldnt get back to sleep.
I couldnt get him on the phone.
I couldnt get him to do it.
I couldnt get him to leave me alone.
I couldnt get him to stop smoking.
I couldnt get hold of him at his office.
I couldnt get in touch with him.
I couldnt get in.
I couldnt get it.
I couldnt get my idea across to the class.
I couldnt get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
I couldnt get rid of my doubt about it.
I couldnt get the point of his speech.
I couldnt get the tickets yesterday.
I couldnt get to sleep.
I couldnt go on a picnic because of the rain.
I couldnt go out because it was raining.
I couldnt go out because of the rain.
I couldnt go out because of the snow.
I couldnt go out on account of the bad weather.
I couldnt go to work because I was sick.
I couldnt go to your birthday party.
I couldnt have done it without you by my side.
I couldnt have done it without you.
I couldnt have done it without you. Thank you.
I couldnt hear the sound well.
I couldnt help admiring him.
I couldnt help but cry.
I couldnt help but fall in love with you.
I couldnt help but laugh.
I couldnt help but remark on it.
I couldnt help but turn down his offer.
I couldnt help falling asleep.
I couldnt help feeling sorry for him.
I couldnt help laughing at his haircut.
I couldnt help laughing at his joke.
I couldnt help laughing at the plan.
I couldnt help laughing at the sight.
I couldnt help laughing out.
I couldnt help laughing when I heard that story.
I couldnt help laughing when I saw him lying face down covered with mud.
I couldnt help overhearing, but youre police officers who handle cyber-crime or some such?
I couldnt help smiling at her childlike frankness.
I couldnt hold back my anger.
I couldnt keep from snickering.
I couldnt keep my anger down.
I couldnt live up to his expectations.
I couldnt make her out at all.
I couldnt make him understand it.
I couldnt make him understand my English.
I couldnt make it.
I couldnt make myself heard above the noise.
I couldnt make myself heard in the classroom.
I couldnt make myself heard in the noisy class.
I couldnt make myself understood in English.
I couldnt make myself understood in a foreign country.
I couldnt make myself understood well in English.
I couldnt make myself understood.
I couldnt make out the writing.
I couldnt make out what he meant by megafeps.
I couldnt make out what he wanted to say.
I couldnt make out what he was saying.
I couldnt meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas.
I couldnt meet his expectations.
I couldnt pick Lina up from the airport.
I couldnt put up with her arrogant behavior.
I couldnt put up with him.
I couldnt put up with his rudeness.
I couldnt put up with that noise any longer.
I couldnt recognize her at first.
I couldnt recognize him at first.
I couldnt recognize him, not having met him before.
I couldnt remember ever having met her.
I couldnt remember his name.
I couldnt remember their names.
I couldnt restrain a smile.
I couldnt run fast enough to keep up with them.
I couldnt run from the past.
I couldnt say I'd dined in fine style.
I couldnt say Id dined in fine style.
I couldnt say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that I would be a pilot someday.
I couldnt scrub the stain out.
I couldnt see any stars in the sky.
I couldnt see the parade well from where I was.
I couldnt see through his lies.
I couldnt shake off his hand.
I couldnt sit through it.
I couldnt sleep all night.
I couldnt sleep because of the heat.
I couldnt sleep last night.
I couldnt sleep well because it was noisy outside.
I couldnt sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind.
I couldnt sleep well last night, so I dont feel well.
I couldnt sleep well last night.
I couldnt sleep.
I couldnt speak Japanese.
I couldnt speak well that day.
I couldnt stand a life without pleasures!
I couldnt stand looking at it.
I couldnt stop laughing.
I couldnt stop myself from longing for her.
I couldnt take in his idea.
I couldnt take in the lecture at all.
I couldnt take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
I couldnt tell her from sister.
I couldnt tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
I couldnt tell where the lake ended and the forest began.
I couldnt think of any reason why Tom would be late.
I couldnt think of anything better than that.
I couldnt think of anything to say.
I couldnt think of the name of the place.
I couldnt think up such a brief explanation.
I couldnt think who she was when she spoke to me.
I couldnt understand a single word of what they said.
I couldnt understand a thing from what he said.
I couldnt understand anything that he said.
I couldnt understand him at all. What about you?
I couldnt understand him at first.
I couldnt understand him; I couldnt follow his way of speaking.
I couldnt understand his ideas.
I couldnt understand his joke.
I couldnt understand the announcement that was just made.
I couldnt understand what he was getting at.
I couldnt understand what he was saying.
I couldnt understand why she frowned at him.
I couldnt wait to get my hands on one of those iBooks and now I got one as a present. I feel so lucky!
I couldve cried.
I couldve met you at the airport.
I counsel you by way of caution to forbear from crossing the moor in those dark hours when the powers of evil are exalted.
I counseled her to wait a little longer.
I count in my head.
I count myself lucky in having good health.
I count myself lucky to have such a devoted wife.
I count on Tom.
I count on her.
I count on him.
I count on them.
I count on you.
I count on your help.
I count sheep to fall asleep at night.
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love.
I count them every day.
I count to ten.
I count you among my brothers.
I count.
I counted my money.
I counted on Linda.
I counted on Tom.
I counted on him.
I counted the ballots.
I counted the days to see when it had happened.
I counted the jars on the shelf.
I counted the money.
I counted them all.
I counted to three and then plunged into the water.
I counted to three.
I counted to two hundred.
I counted up to 200.
I counted.
I couple this song with his name.
I cover my book with paper.
I cover twenty miles a day.
I cover you.
I covered her with kisses and tears.
I covered my books with protective jackets.
I covered my ears.
I covered my eyes with my hands.
I covered one.
I cracked a joke.
I cracked his head open.
I cracked my big toe.
I cracked my thumb.
I cracked one.
I cracked open a beer.
I cracked open the door.
I cracked open the window.
I cracked the code.
I cracked the screen.
I cracked up.
I crammed for my exam.
I crapped my pants again.
I crashed Tom's party.
I crashed at Tom's place for three nights.
I crashed down the hill.
I crashed in that sprayer plane in 2003.
I crashed into another car.
I crashed on my friend's sofa for the night.
I crashed.
I crave a bacon BLT.
I crave a slice of moist carrot cake.
I crave change but lack the energy to pursue it.
I crave connection but fear rejection.
I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
I crave knowledge.
I crave novelty; my partner craves habit.
I craved a sesame seed bun.
I craved love.
I crawl.
I crawled in through the window.
I crawled into bed.
I crawled into his bed.
I crawled into the tent.
I crawled like a seal.
I crawled on my stomach.
I crawled out of bed and got dressed.
I crawled out of bed and put on my clothes.
I crawled out of the tent.
I crawled under the fence.
I crawled.
I create a glow in the darkness.
I create a well-lit space.
I create problems for myself.
I create smiles in the lives of others.
I created Frankenstein by my own hands.
I created a group on Telegram.
I created a new language called Tiengne.
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
I created an archive of my emails.
I created the music for the song.
I created this automatic program to expedite the banal task of sorting these images.
I created this.
I crept down the passage as noiselessly as I could and peeped round the corner of the door.
I crept downstairs after Tom fell asleep.
I cried a lot when you left.
I cried a lot.
I cried again.
I cried all morning.
I cried all night long.
I cried all night.
I cried because I was so happy.
I cried earlier today.
I cried for an hour. I couldn't stop.
I cried for help.
I cried for many nights.
I cried frantically for help.
I cried hard reading your letter.
I cried in silence at home.
I cried like a baby when the boy and his dog were reunited at the end of the movie.
I cried like a baby.
I cried many nights.
I cried my eyes out.
I cried myself to sleep almost every night.
I cried myself to sleep every night.
I cried myself to sleep last night.
I cried myself to sleep.
I cried on his shoulder.
I cried out loudly for Tom.
I cried out to you, hear my voice.
I cried over my parents.
I cried over that.
I cried reading this book.
I cried so hard that night.
I cried so much that I just couldn't cry anymore.
I cried so much that Tom got mad at me.
I cried so much that eyes and head hurt.
I cried three times that day.
I cried today.
I cried too much.
I cried when I saw how much damage had been done.
I cried when I saw what was happening.
I cried when I saw you in such a bad shape.
I cried when Tom died.
I cried when Tom left.
I cried when Tom told me about that.
I cried when Tom told me he and Mary were getting divorced.
I cried when Tom told me that he and Mary were getting divorced.
I cried when Tom told me what had happened.
I cried when he told me his story.
I cried when my dog died.
I cried while reading this book.
I cried with Tom.
I cried, too.
I cried.
I crimped a ferrule around the end of the stranded brake cable to prevent it from fraying.
I cringe at the thought of it.
I cringe every time I think about Tom.
I cringe just thinking about it.
I cringed when I heard that she had gone to the same bar again.
I cringed.
I crippled Mina.
I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.
I cross my heart and hope to die that this will stay between us.
I cross the rail tracks every morning.
I cross the railroad tracks every morning.
I cross-posted the message to another website.
I crossed Tom's palm with silver.
I crossed a big line to save you from yourself.
I crossed a stream and I got wet.
I crossed my arms.
I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best.
I crossed my legs to see if I could hold it a little longer.
I crossed out my name on the list.
I crossed out the mistakes.
I crossed the Tunisian-Algerian border.
I crossed the border.
I crossed the bridge.
I crossed the dark street.
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.
I crossed the ford.
I crossed the line first.
I crossed the line.
I crossed the river by boat.
I crossed the road after looking both ways.
I crossed the road.
I crossed the room and looked out the window.
I crossed the square.
I crossed the street even though the light was still red.
I crossed the street.
I crossed the whole city of Algiers on my scooter.
I crouched behind the bush.
I crouched beneath the window.
I crouched by the fire pit.
I crouched on all fours.
I crouched.
I crumbled one.
I crumbled the stale bun for breadcrumbs.
I crunch through the snow.
I crushed my enemies.
I crushed my finger with the door.
I crushed one.
I crushed the box.
I crushed the can.
I crushed the piles of leaves by stomping on it.
I cry a lot.
I cry about it every day.
I cry all the time.
I cry almost every day.
I cry almost every day. There's always something that touches me.
I cry easily.
I cry every day.
I cry every time I hear this song.
I cry every time I listen to this song.
I cry every time I see this film.
I cry every time I study Greek.
I cry every time I watch that film.
I cry every time I watch this movie.
I cry every time.
I cry in silence.
I cry myself to sleep every day.
I cry myself to sleep every night.
I cry too much.
I cry when I'm contradicted.
I cry whenever I listen to this song.
I cry.
I cuddle my plush toy.
I cuddle my plush.
I cuddle my plushie.
I cuddle my stuffed animal.
I cuddle my stuffed toy.
I cultivate friendship as a core value.
I cum in socks.
I cupped my hands and filled them up with water.
I cured my cold with this medicine.
I curiously watched that strange animal for a few moments.
I currently don't have health insurance.
I currently live in Algeria.
I currently live in Australia.
I currently live in Beijing.
I currently live in Boston.
I currently live in Kabylie, Algeria.
I currently live in Switzerland.
I currently live in the village.
I currently live near Boston.
I currently reside in the village.
I currently reside near the village.
I currently work in Athens, but next year I'll go to Berlin.
I curse the day I married my husband.
I curse the day that I met Tom.
I cursed in fear.
I cursed.
I cuss.
I cut Tom's hair for him.
I cut Tom's hair.
I cut a branch from the tree.
I cut a slice of cake for each guest.
I cut across the park.
I cut an apple.
I cut bread.
I cut class.
I cut classes again today.
I cut classes and went to the mall.
I cut classes.
I cut down a cherry tree.
I cut down a few trees for Tom.
I cut down a tree yesterday.
I cut glass.
I cut him off when he came back from the market.
I cut him off, and he got upset.
I cut him off.
I cut it into two pieces.
I cut my bangs by myself, and now they're all jagged.
I cut my bangs.
I cut my finger every day.
I cut my finger peeling potatoes.
I cut my finger while trying to open the package.
I cut my finger with a knife.
I cut my finger yesterday.
I cut my finger! The bleeding wont stop.
I cut my finger, but for a time I didn't even notice it.
I cut my finger.
I cut my foot on broken glass.
I cut my fringe myself, and now it's all jagged.
I cut my hair before the trip.
I cut my hair before travelling.
I cut my hair myself.
I cut my hair this morning.
I cut my little finger peeling potatoes.
I cut my nails, now I can't scratch myself.
I cut my own hair.
I cut my right hand on a piece of glass.
I cut myself a slice of bread and it fell on the floor.
I cut myself again.
I cut myself on a piece of glass.
I cut myself on some broken glass last night.
I cut myself on some broken glass.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
I cut myself shaving.
I cut myself this morning while shaving.
I cut myself this morning.
I cut myself while cooking.
I cut myself while shaving.
I cut myself while slicing onions.
I cut myself with a hacksaw.
I cut myself with a knife while I was making dinner.
I cut myself with a knife.
I cut myself with a razor.
I cut myself with the knife right after I sharpened it.
I cut myself yesterday while slicing onions.
I cut myself.
I cut off a part of my pantleg and used it as bandage.
I cut off all ties with Tom.
I cut off all ties with him.
I cut off the head and the arms and the legs.
I cut one down.
I cut one into slices.
I cut raspberries.
I cut some ash twigs.
I cut the article out of the magazine.
I cut the board with a saw.
I cut the bread with a knife.
I cut the cloth with a pair of scissors.
I cut the crust off the bread.
I cut the dead trees down.
I cut the medlars.
I cut the paper with a pair of scissors.
I cut the rope with my pocketknife.
I cut the rope.
I cut the tape.
I cut the thick branches with a hand saw.
I cut the thickest trunks for firewood.
I cut the trip short.
I cut ties with him.
I cut up all but one of my credit cards.
I cut you with a knife.
I cut, you choose.
I cycle to work.
I cycled a lot.
I cycled there.
I dabble in the culinary arts.
I damaged one.
I damaged this building.
I damaged this house.
I dance alone.
I dance in my living room all the time.
I dance quite well.
I dance truly bad.
I dance with a friend.
I dance, but not very well.
I danced all night long.
I danced alone.
I danced in the fire.
I danced in the middle of the fire.
I danced on the podium.
I danced until I lost my strength and ended up crawling home.
I danced well yesterday.
I danced with Mina.
I danced with Skura.
I danced with Tom.
I danced with her, spinning her around.
I danced yesterday. I danced before too.
I danced.
I dandled the baby on my knee.
I dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none.
I dare my parents to do this!
I dare not even think what happened to them.
I dare not go back.
I dare not go to such a dangerous place.
I dare not probe too deeply, lest I uncover the awful truth!
I dare not speak my mind.
I dare not speak to her.
I dare not tell her the sad news.
I dare not translate that sentence.
I dare say I am merely a foolish woman with a young girl's fancies.
I dare say I've seen this movie before.
I dare say he is innocent.
I dare say he is right.
I dare say he will find the right wife for himself.
I dare say he will not come.
I dare say he's not a bad boy.
I dare say hes not a bad boy.
I dare say it is a lie.
I dare say it will rain tomorrow.
I dare say she is still in Japan.
I dare say that he's right.
I dare say that hes right.
I dare say there'll be taxis at the station.
I dare say therell be taxis at the station.
I dare say you are right.
I dare say you are tired.
I dare say you're right about that.
I dare say youre right about that.
I dare you not to smile.
I dare you tell me that?
I dare you to be on the side of truth.
I dare you to call Tom a sissy.
I dare you to climb up there and walk the ridgepole of Mr. Barry's kitchen roof.
I dare you to come with us.
I dare you to criticize Zionism.
I dare you to cross this line.
I dare you to dare me anything.
I dare you to do it yourself.
I dare you to jump over this ditch.
I dare you to kiss Tom.
I dare you to kiss me.
I dare you to love.
I dare you to prove me wrong.
I dare you to say that again.
I dare you to solve the problem.
I dare you to steal Tom's diary.
I dare you to try to stop me.
I dare you!
I dare you.
I dared Tom to do it.
I dared Tom to do that.
I dared Tom to do this.
I dared Tom to kiss Mary.
I dared Tom to leave.
I dared not go forward.
I dared to support his opinion.
I daren't go and have a look.
I daren't go and look.
I daren't look.
I daren't overtake.
I daresay that he is innocent.
I daresay you are going to go no matter what.
I daresay your advice will have its effect on them.
I dashed off the report.
I dashed out just after breakfast.
I dashed to the summit of the mountain.
I date Alex.
I date Sandy.
I date it as 1730.
I dated Mary for a while.
I dated Mary for three years.
I dated Tom for a while.
I dated Tom for three years.
I dated Tom's brother before I started dating Tom.
I dated Tom's brother before I started dating him.
I dated Tom's sister before I started dating him.
I dated a girl in high school who could speak French.
I dated a girl in high school who spoke French.
I dated a girl like that many years ago.
I dated him for two years.
I daub the venison with shortening.
I daven with Shmuel.
I daydream about it.
I daydream quite a bit throughout the day. When I'm sitting in the car while someone else is driving and I put on some music I daydream. When I'm bored as hell I daydream. When I'm tired I sometimes daydream. Honestly I don't know what triggers this.
I daydreamed all day.
I deactivated my Twitter account yesterday.
I deal in facts and figures, not vague impressions.
I deal with danger every day.
I deal with depression in the colder months.
I deal with people like that all the time.
I deal with that.
I deal with those kinds of problems every day.
I dealt directly with Tom.
I dealt him a blow on the ear.
I dealt out three candies to each child.
I dealt the cards.
I dealt with Tom.
I dealt with it.
I dealt with the accident.
I dealt with the problem as I saw fit.
I dealt with the problem personally.
I dealt with the problem.
I debated for hours with my friends on the subject.
I debated whether I should say anything.
I debated whether to ask her about it or not.
I debated.
I deceived Tom.
I deceived her.
I deceived him.
I deceived you.
I decide here, who does what.
I decide to work hard.
I decide when you can have an orgasm.
I decided I couldn't sit still.
I decided I didn't want anything more to do with Tom.
I decided I had to take the risk.
I decided I should be on my own.
I decided I should do that.
I decided I was the one who should do that.
I decided I would leave a long time ago.
I decided I wouldn't do that.
I decided I'd had enough.
I decided I'd stay.
I decided I'd take a chance.
I decided I'd take that risk.
I decided I'm not going to do that.
I decided against doing that.
I decided at an early age that I wanted to be a carpenter.
I decided at once to get to work.
I decided it was a good idea.
I decided it was time to come home.
I decided it wasn't too late.
I decided it would be best if I came alone.
I decided not do that anymore.
I decided not to buy perfume.
I decided not to buy the perfume anymore.
I decided not to call the cops.
I decided not to call the police.
I decided not to cross the bridge.
I decided not to do it.
I decided not to do such a foolish thing.
I decided not to do that after all.
I decided not to do that anymore.
I decided not to do that today.
I decided not to do that.
I decided not to drink.
I decided not to eat.
I decided not to go anywhere.
I decided not to go back to Australia.
I decided not to go back to Boston.
I decided not to go by car.
I decided not to go on holiday this year.
I decided not to go there.
I decided not to go to Australia.
I decided not to go to Boston.
I decided not to go to Europe.
I decided not to go to the movie after all.
I decided not to go to the party.
I decided not to go.
I decided not to leave.
I decided not to obey Tom, regardless of the consequences.
I decided not to sign the contract.
I decided not to study French.
I decided not to tell Tom about what had happened.
I decided not to tell Tom.
I decided not to tell my parents anything.
I decided not to try any more.
I decided not to try anymore.
I decided not to wait.
I decided on my exercise program.
I decided on telling her of my love.
I decided on telling him of my love.
I decided on this jumper.
I decided that I should be on my own.
I decided that I should do that.
I decided that I was going to work as hard as I can.
I decided that I would quit my part-time job.
I decided that I wouldn't do that.
I decided that I'd do that.
I decided that I'd never try doing that again.
I decided that I'd stay.
I decided that I'm not going to do that.
I decided that he should be transferred to the branch.
I decided that that was a good sign.
I decided that was a good sign.
I decided the same.
I decided then and there to never let that happen again.
I decided to accept Islam.
I decided to ask Mary out.
I decided to ask for my friend's help.
I decided to ask for my friends help.
I decided to ask my friend for help.
I decided to be a doctor.
I decided to be a lawyer.
I decided to be happy because it's good for my health.
I decided to be happy because its good for my health.
I decided to be happy because this is good for the health.
I decided to be more aware of my surroundings in the future.
I decided to be myself.
I decided to become Muslim.
I decided to become a doctor.
I decided to become a lawyer.
I decided to become a scientist.
I decided to become a teacher.
I decided to become a writer.
I decided to become rich.
I decided to bide my time and wait for the argument to finish.
I decided to buy a car.
I decided to buy a cheap purse.
I decided to buy a new car rather than an old one.
I decided to buy a new umbrella.
I decided to buy a vehicle.
I decided to call Tom.
I decided to call her to tell her what I was about to do.
I decided to call it a night.
I decided to call the cops.
I decided to call the police.
I decided to call you.
I decided to carry the pregnancy to term.
I decided to change direction to see if he would still follow.
I decided to change my clothes and freshen up.
I decided to change my image.
I decided to climb the hill.
I decided to come back home.
I decided to come to Algeria to improve my Berber.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I decided to confess the crime.
I decided to consult a lawyer.
I decided to continue doing that.
I decided to continue studying.
I decided to convert to Islam.
I decided to cross the road.
I decided to deliver the world from myself.
I decided to do a little exploring.
I decided to do it by myself.
I decided to do it myself.
I decided to do it on my own.
I decided to do that again.
I decided to do that by myself.
I decided to do that instead.
I decided to do that on my own.
I decided to do that.
I decided to do the same thing Tom did.
I decided to do the same thing.
I decided to drive straight home.
I decided to eat out tonight.
I decided to embrace Islam.
I decided to enroll.
I decided to enter the room.
I decided to err on the side of caution and made thirty copies.
I decided to err on the side of caution and make twenty copies.
I decided to fast to death.
I decided to finally come home.
I decided to flout the rules and stay out past curfew.
I decided to follow Tom's example.
I decided to follow Tom.
I decided to forgive him.
I decided to get on with my life.
I decided to give Tom another chance.
I decided to give myself up to the police.
I decided to give up.
I decided to go a little further.
I decided to go abroad to study.
I decided to go anyway.
I decided to go away with the pilgrims.
I decided to go back to Algeria.
I decided to go back to Boston.
I decided to go back to check whether I'd locked the door.
I decided to go back to doing that the way I used to.
I decided to go back to see if I'd locked the door.
I decided to go by car.
I decided to go camping deep in the woods.
I decided to go for this jumper.
I decided to go further.
I decided to go home.
I decided to go on a ride.
I decided to go on foot.
I decided to go out and explore the town.
I decided to go swimming.
I decided to go there.
I decided to go to Australia instead of New Zealand.
I decided to go to Australia.
I decided to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
I decided to go to Boston.
I decided to go to Kabylie to learn Berber.
I decided to go to Kabylie.
I decided to go to college closer to home.
I decided to go to college to major in English.
I decided to go to sleep.
I decided to go to the mosque.
I decided to go to the movie theater.
I decided to go, even though I was asked not to.
I decided to go.
I decided to grow bangs.
I decided to grow out my bangs.
I decided to handle it by myself.
I decided to help Tom.
I decided to hide in the boat.
I decided to interpret your remark in the most literal way possible.
I decided to join Nuja in the ambulance.
I decided to just fucking snap on that teacher.
I decided to just go for it.
I decided to just ignore it.
I decided to keep my ex-husband's last name.
I decided to learn Berber.
I decided to learn Esperanto today.
I decided to leave my job at the end of the month.
I decided to leave the hotel.
I decided to leave the school.
I decided to let Tom do that for me.
I decided to live the life of my dreams.
I decided to major in French in college.
I decided to major in French.
I decided to make medicine my vocation.
I decided to order the same thing to eat that Tom did.
I decided to pack up camp.
I decided to play a trick on her.
I decided to present myself as confidently as possible.
I decided to prove them wrong.
I decided to push myself.
I decided to put off my trip to Boston.
I decided to quit the job.
I decided to register.
I decided to restrain my heart.
I decided to run for class president.
I decided to sell it.
I decided to share the album with my family later.
I decided to sign myself up.
I decided to sit next to Tom.
I decided to solve the problem.
I decided to spend the night at Tom's.
I decided to stand in line to buy some really cheap eggs.
I decided to stay a couple extra days in Australia.
I decided to stay a couple extra days in Boston.
I decided to stay a couple more days.
I decided to stay a few more minutes, even though I was already late for school.
I decided to stay at Tom's place.
I decided to stay at home.
I decided to stay four days in Kabylie.
I decided to stay here.
I decided to stay home.
I decided to stay on the bus.
I decided to stay on the plane.
I decided to stay on the train.
I decided to stay one more day.
I decided to stay.
I decided to stop trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I decided to stop using Skype for a while.
I decided to study French instead of English.
I decided to study French.
I decided to study Kanji.
I decided to study abroad.
I decided to study all night long.
I decided to study every day.
I decided to study stenography.
I decided to subscribe to the magazine.
I decided to switch the light off immediately and go to sleep.
I decided to take a bus rather than walk.
I decided to take a chance.
I decided to take a different tack with my students.
I decided to take a look.
I decided to take care of my only child.
I decided to take control.
I decided to take his side against the others.
I decided to take matters in my own hands.
I decided to take my dogs to the beach.
I decided to take myself out of the game.
I decided to take the day off.
I decided to take the opportunity to go and visit him.
I decided to tell Tom the truth.
I decided to tell Tom to go.
I decided to tell her that I love her.
I decided to tell her that I love him.
I decided to tell her that it was her that I loved.
I decided to tell her the truth.
I decided to tell him anyway.
I decided to tell him that I am falling in love with him.
I decided to tell him that I am in love.
I decided to tell him that I love her.
I decided to tell him that I love him.
I decided to tell him the truth.
I decided to tell on Tom.
I decided to tell the truth.
I decided to test ChatGPT and I'm really not all that impressed.
I decided to text her.
I decided to trust him.
I decided to try again.
I decided to try doing that by myself.
I decided to try doing that myself.
I decided to try doing that.
I decided to try to learn Esperanto, just to make a new experience.
I decided to turn the light out straight away.
I decided to visit the United States on this account.
I decided to volunteer.
I decided to wait a while in the park before returning home.
I decided to wait at the station for my wife to arrive.
I decided to wait at the station until my wife arrived.
I decided to wait at the station until my wife came.
I decided to wait in line to buy some super cheap eggs.
I decided to wait it out.
I decided to wait.
I decided to walk instead of taking the bus.
I decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
I decided to write my memoirs.
I decided. I'm going to ask him out tonight.
I decided. Im going to ask him out tonight.
I deciphered one.
I declare Allan as our vice president.
I declare this supermarket open.
I declined for personal reasons.
I declined his invitation to dinner.
I declined the gifts.
I declined the invitation.
I declined the job that they offered me.
I declined to add a three-year protection plan to my newly purchased didgeridoo.
I declined to give him a reply.
I declined to give them a reply.
I decorate the pages of my book with the colors of various flags.
I decorated it.
I decorated my room.
I decorated one.
I decorated the Christmas tree with Tom.
I decorated the hall.
I decorated the house all by myself.
I decorated the house by myself.
I decorated the room.
I dedicate my life to Thee.
I dedicate these tears to all the deceased.
I dedicate this book to my daughter.
I dedicate this book to my wife.
I dedicate this song to Mary.
I dedicate this song to Tom.
I dedicate this song to my people.
I dedicate this song to my umbrella.
I dedicate this song to you.
I dedicate this triumph to my friends.
I dedicated a lot of time and energy to Berber.
I dedicated a lot of time and energy to learning Berber.
I dedicated a lot of time to Berber.
I dedicated four entire years to writing this book.
I dedicated it to my newborn son.
I dedicated myself to finishing my work.
I deduced a new theory.
I deem him capable of anything.
I deem myself lucky that in my childhood, there was always some kind of wilderness to explore. In the Philippines, there was the Martianesque red-soil vastness of Don Jos Heights in Quezon City. In BC, there were the dirt mounds on the unbuilt school grounds of Rideau Park on Lulu Island. Red poppies grew in the brown earth. It was then the debut of the Star Wars franchise; I imagined Jawas might have lurked in the mounds. There were impromptu mountain bike tracks in the mounds.
I deeply admire Frida Kahlo's life and work.
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness.
I deeply appreciate your coming all the way.
I deeply care about her.
I deeply care about people.
I deeply condemn the shameful act of genocide committed against the Armenians.
I deeply regret becoming a member of your club.
I deeply regret having caused the accident.
I deeply regret that decision.
I deeply regret that.
I deeply regret what I said to Tom.
I defeated my inner demons.
I defeated my own indolence.
I defeated my own laziness.
I defeated my own sloth.
I defeated the warrior.
I defected.
I defended myself the best I could.
I defended myself.
I defended the republic as a young man, I shall not desert it in my old age.
I defenestrate you!
I defer to no one in my admiration for these heroes.
I defer to your judgement.
I definitely agree with Tom.
I definitely agree with that.
I definitely agree with you.
I definitely appreciate receiving this.
I definitely believe that.
I definitely did a lot better today.
I definitely didn't agree to do that.
I definitely didn't have to do that.
I definitely didn't need to do that.
I definitely didn't say that.
I definitely didn't want to do that.
I definitely do not miss working in the city!
I definitely do not want to marry someone who behaves badly when drunk.
I definitely don't have enough time to do that today.
I definitely don't have to do that.
I definitely don't know them.
I definitely don't need one of those.
I definitely don't need that.
I definitely don't need to do that.
I definitely don't plan to be there.
I definitely don't regret it.
I definitely don't want that to happen.
I definitely don't want to be here when Tom and Mary get here.
I definitely don't want to be here when Tom gets here.
I definitely don't want to do that by myself.
I definitely don't want to do that today.
I definitely don't want to do that.
I definitely don't want to get married before I'm thirty.
I definitely don't want to get married.
I definitely don't want to read that.
I definitely drank more than Tom did last night.
I definitely feel different.
I definitely have a lot to say about Berber.
I definitely have enough time to get the job done.
I definitely have to do that.
I definitely heard a scream.
I definitely heard something.
I definitely make more money than Tom does.
I definitely need a plan.
I definitely need a vacation.
I definitely need help.
I definitely need one of those.
I definitely need some more money.
I definitely need this.
I definitely need to do that.
I definitely need to find Tom.
I definitely need to help Tom.
I definitely need to tell Tom.
I definitely needed a plan.
I definitely needed to do that.
I definitely plan on doing that.
I definitely plan to do that.
I definitely recommend coming to Algeria in spring.
I definitely recommend it.
I definitely regret that.
I definitely remember locking the door.
I definitely remember seeing a picture of Tom and Mary together.
I definitely remember seeing a picture of you and Tom together.
I definitely said that.
I definitely think Mary should get the job. She's by far the best qualified and has the most experience.
I definitely think it's doable.
I definitely think it's feasible.
I definitely think so.
I definitely think that that's an advantage.
I definitely think that's an advantage.
I definitely think that's what happened.
I definitely told you that!
I definitely want Tom to be here by 2:30.
I definitely want my diamond ring back.
I definitely want to do that again.
I definitely want to do that by myself.
I definitely want to do that on Monday.
I definitely want to do that soon, but not today.
I definitely want to do that soon.
I definitely want to do that today.
I definitely want to do that with you.
I definitely want to do that.
I definitely want to get acquainted with Mary. I think she is very likeable.
I definitely want to get there early.
I definitely want to go with Tom.
I definitely want to go with you.
I definitely want to help.
I definitely want to keep doing this.
I definitely want to know what's in my food.
I definitely want to read that.
I definitely want to swim today.
I definitely want to try doing that.
I definitely want to try to do that.
I definitely want to visit Tom when I'm in Australia.
I definitely want to visit Tom when I'm in Boston.
I definitely was shocked.
I definitely won't agree to do that.
I definitely won't be eating that.
I definitely won't do that again.
I definitely won't do that anymore.
I definitely won't do that in this kind of weather.
I definitely won't do that on a hot day like today.
I definitely won't do that this week.
I definitely won't do that today.
I definitely won't do that with Tom.
I definitely won't do that.
I definitely won't forget to do that.
I definitely won't give up.
I definitely won't go shopping this morning.
I definitely won't go swimming today.
I definitely won't kiss Tom.
I definitely won't try to help Tom again.
I definitely won't use this again.
I definitely wont do that again.
I definitely wouldn't go there by myself.
I definitely wouldn't want to do that.
I defy you to make it public.
I defy you to prove I'm wrong.
I defy you to solve the problem.
I defy you to solve this problem.
I defy you to tell the genuine article from the fake.
I defy you!
I delayed telling him about his uncle's death as long as I could.
I delayed telling him about his uncles death as long as I could.
I delayed visiting my friend.
I deleted a lot of photos by accident.
I deleted a lot of pictures by accident.
I deleted all messages from Tom.
I deleted all of the original footage.
I deleted him from my friends list.
I deleted it.
I deleted my Facebook account.
I deleted one.
I deleted several sentences.
I deleted the app.
I deleted the comment I had made under the sentence.
I deleted the comments.
I deleted the file by accident.
I deleted the file.
I deleted the post I posted on Facebook yesterday.
I deleted the sentence.
I deleted those emails.
I deleted unwanted messages.
I deleted your number from my phone book.
I deliberately chose an undemanding job so I could devote more time to my hobbies.
I deliberately did that.
I deliberately didn't tell it to them.
I deliberately didn't tell them.
I delight in going to the apple orchard each fall.
I delighted in going to his farm during the summer vacation.
I deliver a blow to his side with all the strength in my body.
I deliver pizzas.
I delivered a lecture in English.
I delivered a message to my girlfriend.
I delivered a message to the head of the school.
I delivered identical twins.
I delivered my first child last year.
I delivered to package to Tom.
I delved into the world of video games.
I demand a recount.
I demand a refund!
I demand a refund.
I demand an answer to my question!
I demand an apology from Tom.
I demand an apology from you.
I demand an apology.
I demand an explanation about this.
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
I demand an explanation now.
I demand an explanation of this.
I demand an explanation right now.
I demand an explanation.
I demand an investigation!
I demand justice.
I demand my rights.
I demand punctuality.
I demand quality work.
I demand satisfaction!
I demand satisfaction.
I demand that he be punished.
I demand that he be there!
I demand that he leave at once.
I demand that he leave forthwith.
I demand that justice be served!
I demand that my money be returned to me!
I demand that students always be on time.
I demand that this plan be approved and enforced as soon as possible.
I demand that you cease and desist from sending unsolicited emails.
I demand that you correct that observation, Mr. Charles.
I demand that you do that right now.
I demand that you give back my money.
I demand that you give me back my money.
I demand that you give me my money back.
I demand that you give me the information that I'm asking you for.
I demand that you remove your slanderous and defamatory comments at once or my lawyers will be in touch.
I demand the truth.
I demand to be told the truth.
I demand to know what you're doing here.
I demand to know what's going on here.
I demand to know what's happening.
I demand to know whats going on here.
I demand to see the manager.
I demand to speak to the manager.
I demand to speak to your boss.
I demand to speak to your manager!
I demand to speak with my lawyer.
I demand to speak with the manager.
I demand unquestioning obedience.
I demand you do that right now.
I demand you give me back my money.
I demand you give me my money back.
I demand your daughter's hand in marriage.
I demand your daughters hand in marriage.
I demanded a refund.
I demanded that Tom do that for me.
I demanded that he pay the bill immediately.
I demanded that he pay the debt back at once.
I demanded that he should pay.
I demanded that she should go.
I demanded that they be allowed to leave.
I demolished the school.
I demoted you.
I denied I did that.
I denied I was the one who did that.
I denied I was the one who had done that.
I denied I was the one who had stolen Tom's bicycle.
I denied I was the one who told Tom about that.
I denied I was the one who wrote that letter.
I denied everything.
I denied it.
I denied myself nothing.
I denied that I did that.
I denied that I was the one who did that.
I denied that I was the one who had done that.
I denied that I was the one who had stolen Tom's bicycle.
I denied that I was the one who told Tom about that.
I denied that I was the one who wrote that letter.
I denied that.
I denied this.
I denounced the crimes.
I dented my French horn this morning.
I deny all those charges.
I deny everything.
I deny his request.
I deny myself, because I know that I am neither thoughts nor body.
I deny nothing, but I doubt everything.
I deny that he is correct.
I deny that's true.
I deny that.
I departed from you, my dwelling.
I depend on my reading glasses.
I depend on nobody.
I depend on the alarm clock to wake up on time every morning.
I depended on Linda.
I deposited money in the bank.
I deputised for Tom when he was ill.
I derived no benefit from them.
I described one.
I described the interaction I had with that man to the police.
I described what I saw.
I deserted my post.
I deserve a bigger salary for this.
I deserve a higher salary than they're paying me.
I deserve a kiss for my help.
I deserve a lot of money, unfortunately I don't get it.
I deserve a promotion.
I deserve a raise.
I deserve a relaxing afternoon.
I deserve a second chance.
I deserve acknowledgment for my contributions.
I deserve an explanation.
I deserve another chance.
I deserve better than that.
I deserve better than this kind of treatment.
I deserve better than this.
I deserve better.
I deserve good things.
I deserve happiness, too.
I deserve happiness.
I deserve it.
I deserve more.
I deserve peace.
I deserve respect.
I deserve someone who values me, not my money.
I deserve that promotion more than he does.
I deserve that raise.
I deserve that.
I deserve the best in life because I work hard every day.
I deserve the blame for how things turned out.
I deserve the blame for the way things turned out.
I deserve the blame for what happened.
I deserve the prize.
I deserve this.
I deserve to be despised.
I deserve to be in a relationship where I am loved unconditionally, without any hidden agendas.
I deserve to be rewarded.
I deserve to be shown more respect.
I deserve to be taken seriously.
I deserve to be thanked.
I deserve to be treated better than this.
I deserve to be treated with fairness.
I deserve to be treated with respect.
I deserve to know the truth.
I deserve to know.
I deserve to win.
I deserved better.
I deserved it.
I deserved that promotion.
I deserved that.
I deserved the punishment I got.
I deserved their trust.
I deserved to be fired.
I deserved to go to prison.
I deserved to lose my job.
I design merchandise.
I designed a website recommendation engine for the few people who still browse the internet outside of Facebook and YouTube.
I designed it myself.
I designed it.
I designed my niece's tattoo following her instructions.
I designed the tune of the song.
I desire a lot to see you today.
I desire respect from everyone I engage with.
I desire some time away from the routine.
I desire something different from what I know.
I desire something unique and unusual.
I desire this telephone.
I desire to accomplish something unique.
I desire to be committed to only one man.
I desire to go into the house.
I desire to have an exclusive relationship with the man I care about.
I desire to have exclusive possession of the man I care about.
I desire to learn Kabyle composition.
I desire to make a significant change in my life.
I desire to master the Amazigh language in an appropriate manner.
I desire to mix things up a bit.
I desire to possess you.
I desire to remove a weight from the heart.
I desire to see you again.
I desire to seek vengeance.
I desire to share all my dreams with you.
I desire to sleep well tonight.
I desire to spend the whole day in dreamland.
I desire to take a special path in my life.
I desire what is good for each individual in the world.
I desperately love him.
I desperately need a car.
I desperately need a new watch.
I desperately need his help.
I desperately need money right now.
I desperately need money.
I desperately need to be near him.
I desperately need to touch up my makeup.
I desperately need your help.
I desperately tried to calm Tom down.
I desperately wanted to keep her alive.
I despise Esperanto.
I despise Tom.
I despise classical music.
I despise conlangs.
I despise everything he stands for.
I despise everything she stands for.
I despise everything they stand for.
I despise everything you stand for.
I despise fish.
I despise greed.
I despise her.
I despise him.
I despise humans.
I despise it.
I despise linguistic diversity.
I despise linguistic homogeneity.
I despise money.
I despise my enemies only slightly more than I do my friends.
I despise my neighbors.
I despise my parents.
I despise myself and I despise others.
I despise myself.
I despise people like Tom.
I despise the idea of making love to him.
I despise them.
I despise this music.
I despise those people.
I despise time.
I despise you and Tom.
I despise you.
I despised Tom.
I despised him.
I despised you.
I despite a startling lack of evidence, I believe I may be able to repair my computer with much difficulty.
I destroyed all the evidence.
I destroyed everything.
I detached myself from him and went towards her.
I detect a hint of ginger in this lemon marmalade.
I detected in many of them an egoism which they sought hypocritically to conceal, while the ideals of others, who were more sincere, seemed to me inadequate.
I detest Ayn Rand. She rejected altruism, but in her last years, she was on social security and medicare. What a colossal idiot!
I detest Tom for what he has done to Mary.
I detest Tom.
I detest adolescents.
I detest attending school.
I detest everyone, and everyone detests me.
I detest fighting.
I detest having to eat quickly.
I detest having to hurry in the morning.
I detest her.
I detest him.
I detest hypocrisy.
I detest ironing.
I detest lickspittles.
I detest life-insurance agents: they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
I detest money.
I detest people who tell lies.
I detest pronouns.
I detest racialism, because I regard it as a barbaric thing, whether it comes from a black man or a white man.
I detest rockets.
I detest that!
I detest the noise.
I detest them.
I detest you with every fibre of my being.
I detested Mrs. Carruthers most of the time, a person whom it was impossible to please.
I detonated the explosives.
I developed a hotel in Algeria.
I developed a liking for booze and became an alcoholic.
I developed a paralyzing fear of pollution after learning about it in first grade.
I developed a tumor in my stomach, which required surgery.
I developed an aversion toward seafood.
I developed an aversion toward the word "awesome".
I developed diabetes.
I developed excellent writing skills in Berber.
I developed feelings for a married man.
I developed panic disorder.
I devote all of my efforts to work.
I devote all of my free time to gardening now that I'm retired.
I devoted a lot of time to doing that.
I devoted my life to the one-state solution.
I devour books of poetry.
I devour books.
I devour novels.
I devour one crime novel after another.
I devour one detective story after another.
I devoured a huge plate of noodles at lunch.
I devoured my heart.
I devoured the book in one sitting.
I devoured the meal.
I devoured this book in a couple of hours.
I dial my husband's number, hoping he will answer my call.
I dialed 911.
I dialed Tom's number.
I dialed the number.
I dialled 911.
I dialled the number.
I diced one.
I did German at school for six years, but I've forgotten almost all of it now.
I did OK.
I did Tom a favor.
I did Tom a favour.
I did a bad thing.
I did a bit of tidying.
I did a cartwheel.
I did a complete overhaul of my bathroom, now its perfect for a guest to stay over and use it!
I did a cost-benefit analysis on ordering a large pepperoni pizza.
I did a few sit-ups.
I did a good job.
I did a great job.
I did a little bit of everything.
I did a little gardening.
I did a little research and found out that you didn't attend Oxford University.
I did a little research.
I did a little shopping on my way home.
I did a little work in the garden.
I did a lot for Tom, and he rewarded me by firing me.
I did a lot of stupid things when I was younger.
I did a lot of work today.
I did a lot of writing.
I did a lot today.
I did a lot yesterday: went to the beach, out to eat and to the movies. It was a incredibly nice day.
I did a series of searches on the Web.
I did a short presentation this morning.
I did a somersault.
I did a stupid thing last night.
I did a terrible job.
I did a translation into Esperanto so that I could practice the language.
I did a very stupid thing last night.
I did a week's worth of work in an afternoon.
I did all I could do.
I did all I could to help Tom.
I did all I could.
I did all my Christmas shopping online this year.
I did all right.
I did all that I could.
I did all the chores.
I did all the work myself.
I did all the work.
I did all this by myself.
I did all this for myself only.
I did all this work for nothing.
I did almost the same thing as Tom did.
I did almost the same thing that Tom did.
I did almost the same thing.
I did another test.
I did anything to make you happy.
I did as I was instructed.
I did as I was told.
I did as Tom asked me to do.
I did as Tom told me.
I did as he asked me.
I did as she asked me.
I did as you asked.
I did as you wished.
I did badly at school.
I did badly in the test.
I did basically everything.
I did basically the same thing as Tom did.
I did better than I expected I'd be able to.
I did better than I expected.
I did better than everyone expected.
I did do it.
I did do some checking.
I did do that, didn't I?
I did do that.
I did enough for Tom.
I did everything I could do, but it wasn't enough.
I did everything I could do.
I did everything I could not to laugh.
I did everything I could think of.
I did everything I could to be your friend.
I did everything I could to help Tom and Mary find jobs.
I did everything I could to help Tom find a job.
I did everything I could to help Tom, and this is how he repays me.
I did everything I could to help Tom.
I did everything I could to help you.
I did everything I could to help.
I did everything I could to improve my Esperanto.
I did everything I could to improve my French.
I did everything I could to keep Tom from doing that.
I did everything I could to make people like me, but they still wouldn't. Well, I showed them.
I did everything I could to make people like me.
I did everything I could to obtain this price.
I did everything I could to obtain this prize.
I did everything I could to save Tom.
I did everything I could to stop Tom.
I did everything I could to win him over.
I did everything I could to win this prize.
I did everything I could today.
I did everything I could, but I failed anyway and now I feel disappointed.
I did everything I could, but I had to give up.
I did everything I could, but it wasn't enough.
I did everything I could.
I did everything I could. Now it's your turn to contribute what you can.
I did everything I had to do.
I did everything I had to.
I did everything I needed to do.
I did everything I thought I had to do.
I did everything I thought I needed to do.
I did everything I thought I should do.
I did everything I wanted to do.
I did everything I was asked to do.
I did everything I was supposed to do.
I did everything I was supposed to.
I did everything I was told to do.
I did everything Tom asked me to do.
I did everything Tom did.
I did everything Tom told me I had to do.
I did everything Tom told me I needed to do.
I did everything Tom told me to do.
I did everything Tom wanted me to do.
I did everything all by myself.
I did everything as agreed.
I did everything automatically.
I did everything by myself.
I did everything for Tom.
I did everything for her.
I did everything for him.
I did everything for them.
I did everything for you.
I did everything in my power to bring this project to fruition.
I did everything in my power to protect her from you.
I did everything in my power.
I did everything myself.
I did everything possible to appear as a member of the aristocracy.
I did everything right on the Berber test.
I did everything right this time.
I did everything right, but my partners are a bunch of idiots.
I did everything right.
I did everything right. My partners are just incompetent.
I did everything that I agreed to do.
I did everything that I could.
I did everything that Tom suggested.
I did everything that Tom told me to.
I did everything that was within my reach.
I did everything that you asked me to do.
I did everything the same way Tom did it.
I did everything the same way Tom did.
I did everything the way Tom told me to do it.
I did everything the way Tom told me to.
I did everything the way that we agreed it should be done.
I did everything the way we agreed it should be done.
I did everything they told me to do.
I did everything to become your friend.
I did everything with Tom's tacit agreement.
I did everything wrong.
I did everything you asked me to do.
I did everything you asked.
I did everything you say I did.
I did everything you told me to do.
I did everything you wanted me to do.
I did everything.
I did exactly the same thing Tom did.
I did exactly the same thing you did.
I did exactly the same thing.
I did exactly what I said I would do.
I did exactly what Tom asked me to do.
I did exactly what Tom told me to do.
I did exactly what Tom wanted me to do.
I did exactly what you told me to do.
I did find something.
I did good work, didn't I?
I did good.
I did google it, actually.
I did half the work; I think I can rest for a bit.
I did have fun.
I did hear about it.
I did her a favor.
I did her.
I did hesitate just a bit.
I did him a favor.
