Come see me if you are free tonight.
Come see me in Paris soon.
Come see me.
Come see us again tomorrow.
Come see us again.
Come see us if you get a chance.
Come see us tomorrow.
Come see us.
Come see what I got for you.
Come see what you think.
Come see, come see!
Come sin with me.
Come sing with me.
Come sit beside me.
Come sit by me.
Come sit by my side.
Come sit by the fire.
Come sit by us.
Come sit down.
Come sit here with me.
Come sit here.
Come sit next to me.
Come sit on the sofa.
Come sit with me, Tom.
Come sit with me.
Come sit with us, Tom.
Come sit with us.
Come skate with us.
Come skiing with us.
Come so your mother can see you.
Come soon or there won't be any food left.
Come soon.
Come speak Berber with us.
Come stay with me.
Come straight home after school.
Come straight up to the third floor, but please, not in that lift – it's faulty.
Come swim with me.
Come swing with me.
Come take a look.
Come take a walk with me.
Come talk to me.
Come talk with me.
Come taste this couscous.
Come taste!
Come tell us about your adventures in life.
Come the day after tomorrow.
Come the end of the month, Tom is usually skint.
Come the end of the year, the trains are almost empty.
Come the evening, Fyodor started up a fire.
Come then!
Come this way, please.
Come this way.
Come this way. It's shorter.
Come to Albania, where we always make good coffee.
Come to Boston for the summer.
Come to Boston with me.
Come to Boston with us.
Come to Boston! You'll love it here.
Come to Boston.
Come to Chile again!
Come to Daddy.
Come to Dessau in Germany in summer '12 to honor the Ido pioneer Heinrich Peus.
Come to Islam.
Come to Kabylie.
Come to Mama, Ziri.
Come to Papa.
Come to Romania again.
Come to a decision.
Come to bed with me.
Come to bed, Ziri.
Come to help me.
Come to invest in Algeria.
Come to lunch with us.
Come to mama, Ziri.
Come to me if you are in difficulties.
Come to me!
Come to me, Tom.
Come to me, or I come to you.
Come to me.
Come to meet our new neighbors.
Come to my concert and join me on the stage.
Come to my concert tomorrow evening.
Come to my house at eight.
Come to my house at the end of this month.
Come to my house this afternoon.
Come to my house whenever you like.
Come to my house.
Come to my office any time.
Come to my office at the end of this month.
Come to my office.
Come to my office. We'll talk about that.
Come to my party tonight.
Come to my party.
Come to my place Tuesday morning.
Come to my place!
Come to my place.
Come to my quarters tonight.
Come to my quarters.
Come to my room at once.
Come to my room between three and four.
Come to our housewarming party on Saturday.
Come to our mosque.
Come to our office.
Come to our place to celebrate the new year.
Come to pick me up if it rains tomorrow.
Come to pick me up, Ziri.
Come to play with me.
Come to school.
Come to see me after work.
Come to see me at any time tomorrow afternoon.
Come to see me in my office.
Come to see me tomorrow.
Come to see me, if you have some time.
Come to see us!
Come to see with me the sunrise.
Come to terms with it.
Come to that the uniform had a bit more starch than that I usually wear, it's a bit uncomfortable.
Come to that the uniform had a bit more starch than that I usually wear, it’s a bit uncomfortable.
Come to that, I'd like to do some shopping too.
Come to that, I’d like to do some shopping too.
Come to the boxing gym.
Come to the chalkboard.
Come to the club with me.
Come to the end of one’s devil’s luck.
Come to the front of the classroom.
Come to the front seat.
Come to the front, please.
Come to the helipad.
Come to the house in the afternoon, let's say at six.
Come to the kitchen.
Come to the meeting.
Come to the mosque this evening.
Come to the mosque today.
Come to the mosque tonight.
Come to the mosque.
Come to the office tomorrow morning without fail.
Come to the party, will you?
Come to the party.
Come to the swamp!
Come to the table.
Come to think of it, I did see Taro.
Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever had bibimbap.
Come to think of it, I haven't chewed gum in years.
Come to think of it, I promised to see him at five.
Come to think of it, I really need a cellphone.
Come to think of it, I used to sleep in a closet when I was a kid.
Come to think of it, I've never seen Tom Jackson and Tom Hansen in the same room together.
Come to think of it, a Jew has never come to my door trying to convert me to Judaism. A point in their favor!
Come to think of it, a pizza is a pie chart that shows how much pizza you have left.
Come to think of it, he is wrong.
Come to think of it, he wasn't alone at the bar.
Come to think of it, it has been raining for a week.
Come to think of it, it wasn't that interesting.
Come to think of it, why are we here?
Come to us tomorrow!
Come to us!
Come to us.
Come to visit Algeria at least once.
Come to visit me.
Come to watch us play music sometime.
Come to watch us play.
Come to work earlier tomorrow.
Come to work early tomorrow.
Come to work.
Come to your own conclusion.
Come to your senses.
Come toast with me.
Come today or tomorrow morning. It's up to you.
Come today.
Come together!
Come together.
Come tomorrow morning.
Come tomorrow to see me.
Come tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a whole week.
Come tomorrow, that's a different story.
Come tomorrow.
Come towards me.
Come try.
Come under my umbrella, or you'll get wet.
Come under my umbrella, or you’ll get wet.
Come up here.
Come up to me and let's talk about it face to face.
Come up with another sentence.
Come up with me, and we will talk the matter over.
Come up!
Come visit Saint Petersburg in the autumn!
Come visit me tomorrow morning.
Come visit me tomorrow, please.
Come visit me.
Come visit us again next year.
Come visit us next winter.
Come visit us sometime!
Come visit us sometime.
Come visit us soon.
Come visit us tomorrow.
Come visit us!
Come visit us.
Come visit!
Come wander around the world with me.
Come watch us play music sometime.
Come watch.
Come what may!
Come what may, I am determined to accomplish it.
Come what may, I am prepared for it.
Come what may, I am ready.
Come what may, I shall never change my mind.
Come what may, I will never leave you.
Come what may, I will not break my word.
Come what may, I won't change my mind.
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.
Come what may, I won't stop making music.
Come what may, I won’t stop making music.
Come what may, I'm determined to accomplish it.
Come what may, I'm ready for it.
Come what may, I’m ready for it.
Come what may, the mail will get delivered.
Come what may, we must do our duty.
Come what may, we must remain cheerful.
Come what may, we stand firm.
Come what may, we're staying put.
Come what may, you should go your own way.
Come what may.
Come what may; I won’t change my mind.
Come what will!
Come when it suits you.
Come when you have some time.
Come when you want.
Come whenever it is convenient to you.
Come whenever it suits you.
Come whenever you like.
Come whenever you want to.
Come whenever you want.
Come whenever you'd like.
Come whenever you’d like.
Come with all possible speed.
Come with me and I'll tell you everything.
Come with me if you've got time.
Come with me now.
Come with me outside.
Come with me to Algeria.
Come with me to Algiers.
Come with me to Australia.
Come with me to Boston.
Come with me to Canada.
Come with me to the bar.
Come with me to the hill, I'll show you a good place to snipe from.
Come with me to the hospital.
Come with me to the southern coast of France!
Come with me to the station.
Come with me to the village.
Come with me!
Come with me! I need to talk to you privately.
Come with me, OK?
Come with me, Tom.
Come with me, Tom. I've got an idea.
Come with me, Ziri.
Come with me, both of you.
Come with me, come with us!
Come with me, don't fall behind!
Come with me, please.
Come with me, please. I'm following her.
Come with me, quickly.
Come with me, will you?
Come with me.
Come with me. I have to show you something.
Come with me. I need your help.
Come with me. I'll show you the way.
Come with me. I'm gonna marry you.
Come with me. There's something I want to show you.
Come with us now.
Come with us to Boston next week.
Come with us to Boston.
Come with us to Kabylie.
Come with us to the Bohemian forests!
Come with us!
Come with us, please.
Come with us.
Come with us. We're going to Tom's place.
Come with whomever you want.
Come with your brother.
Come with your father.
Come with your wife.
Come without delay.
Come ye, therefore, let us go down and there confound their tongue, that they may not understand one another's speech.
Come!
Come! It'll be fun.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
Come, Hísiel, we follow him! Stop!
Come, I have to talk to you, let's get out of here.
Come, I want to show you something.
Come, I'll serve some for you.
Come, I'll show you.
Come, I'm waiting for you!
Come, I’ll serve some for you.
Come, Jesus replied.
Come, Tom.
Come, boy, learn to be wise.
Come, boy, sit down. Sit down and rest.
Come, by all means.
Come, come home, boy!
Come, eat the fruits in the kitchen.
Come, let me show you around.
Come, let us make bricks!
Come, let us make him drunk with wine, and let us lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning; let us solace ourselves with loves.
Come, let's chill!
Come, let's look out the window.
Come, let's play.
Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.
Come, now! No lies! What were you doing at that window?
Come, now, let me also read the testimony.
Come, please!
Come, sit by me.
Come, sit on my lap.
Come, sweet death.
Come, the table is set.
Come, therefore, let us enter into a league; that it may be for a testimony between me and thee.
Come, watch and laugh!
Come, we are going to the sea.
Come, we'll talk outside.
Come, write your name down.
Come.
Come. I will show you my new stamps.
Come. It's safe now.
Come. Let's get you cleaned up.
Come. Sit down next to me.
Comedian Les Dawson was famous for his gravelly, deadpan delivery.
Comedians are entertainers.
Comedians base their jokes on tragic situations like violent death or serious accidents.
Comedians don't usually laugh at their own jokes.
Comedy always includes a little tragedy. That's why there are sad clowns.
Comedy always includes a little tragedy. That’s why there are sad clowns.
Comedy can be used as a weapon.
Comedy is much closer to real life than drama.
Comedy is something that makes you laugh.
Comedy reproves mores through laughter.
Comedy too can sometimes discern what is right.
Comet Hale-Bopp has a very large nucleus.
Comet Halley is responsible for depositing the debris that, when falling through Earth's atmosphere, causes the Orionid meteor showers.
Comet Siding Spring is one of the long-period comets, those that require more than 200 years to orbit the Sun. These comets come from the Oort Cloud, a sphere of about a trillion ancient, icy objects located hundreds to thousands of times farther than the planets' orbits.
Comet Siding Spring was discovered in 2013 by astronomers at the Siding Spring Observatory in Australia.
Comet scientists are like archaeologists, studying old samples to understand the past.
Comets are icy bodies that develop glowing tails when near the sun.
Comets are made from ice and rock.
Comets are part of the solar system. Scientists believe they come from one of two locations within the solar system: the Kuiper Belt and the Oort Cloud.
Comets consist of nothing more than ice and frozen gases.
Comets do not always have tails. They develop a fuzzy, shell-like cloud called a coma, and one, two, or three tails when near the sun.
Comets follow eccentric orbits.
Comets have no coma or tail when far away from the sun.
Comets occasionally visit the inner solar system from their home in the Kuiper Belt or Oort Cloud.
Comets retain a record of conditions from the early solar system.
Comets start to disintegrate as they approach the sun, and that disintegrating material may or may not form a "tail" that helps make the object more visible.
Comets start to disintegrate as they approach the sun.
Comfort I cannot provide for you, for I have it not for myself.
Comfort Tom.
Comfort can spoil you. Once in a while, it can do you good to corner yourself.
Comfort her.
Comfort him.
Comfort is what matters to me the most.
Comfort is your biggest trap and coming out of comfort zone your biggest challenge.
Comfort makes people petulant.
Comfort them.
Comic books aren't as popular as they used to be.
Comic books were Sami's passion.
Comics can be a good way to introduce kids to reading.
Coming back was a bad choice.
Coming down from the trees was a mistake.
Coming down the mountain is the best part.
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
Coming events cast their shadows before.
Coming face to face with a dinosaur was a funny experience.
Coming from the sunlit meadows into the forest's mazes, it seems at first gloomy, then pleasant, and afterward filled with never-ending delights.
Coming here from Algeria wasn't an easy thing for Kalman.
Coming here only took ten minutes.
Coming here to pick a fight with me was a real bad move.
Coming here was a mistake.
Coming home having accomplished his task, Tom appeared larger.
Coming home, I noticed that I did not have my wallet.
Coming in a minute.
Coming out of the closet requires tremendous courage.
Coming right up!
Coming right up, sir.
Coming right up.
Coming soon.
Coming through.
Coming to school in your pajamas, how lazy!
Coming to theaters.
Coming to work at 4 p.m. is not late.
Coming up next is "We are the world."
Coming up with a solution may prove difficult.
Coming!
Coming! I'll be there in a minute!
Commander Joki has a family.
Commanders are not simple commoners but honourable directors of this war.
Commandos from the Royal Navy Special Boat Service were lowered from helicopters onto the ship.
Commas are complicated.
Commence from here initially.
Commencement is typically the first or second Saturday in April.
Comment and let us know!
Comment.
Commentators have variously described the sound of vuvuzelas as "annoying" and "satanic" and compared it with "a stampede of noisy elephants", "a deafening swarm of locusts", "a goat on the way to slaughter", "a giant hive full of very angry bees", and "a duck on speed".
Commentators' tones change as soon as the election is near.
Comments are always welcome.
Comments are excessive.
Comments are not needed.
Comments have a mysterious way of getting lost in the vastness of Tatoebastan.
Comments must be relevant to the topic.
Comments not written in English will be deleted.
Comments on this blog are unmoderated.
Commerce helps our economy.
Commerce led to the development of cities.
Commercial Code can be called an enterprise method.
Commercial fishing began in the lake in the 1950's, and now hauls in over 200,000 tons of fish a year.
Commercial relations between the two nations had started prior to the establishment of diplomatic relations.
Commercial television is an effective medium for advertising.
Commercials have to be presented well.
Commit these words to memory.
Commit this poem to memory.
Commit this to memory.
Commit to memory the one key idea you want the audience to take away from each slide.
Commitment is like kryptonite to Tom.
Commitments should be respected.
Committers of crimes against humanity must be sentenced in fair courts.
Committing genocide is one of the biggest crimes against humanity.
Committing suicide is like playing God.
Commodity futures markets have become highly speculative.
Commodity prices are falling.
Commodity prices are on the rise.
Commodity prices were rising.
Commodity tax is not included in the price.
Common Voice is also the main source of Mozilla's virtual assistant that they're working on.
Common Voice’s multi-language dataset is already the largest publicly available voice dataset of its kind, but it’s not the only one.
Common causes of stress are work and human relationships.
Common game fish found in this area are striped bass and bluefish.
Common interests bring people together.
Common law is derived from judicial decisions, constitutional law from the constitution of the state or country, and statutory law from the enactments passed by a legislature.
Common practice is to wait two weeks.
Common ragweed is one of the most important herbs.
Common sense (which, in truth, is very uncommon) is the best sense I know of: abide by it; it will counsel you best.
Common sense ceases to be so common.
Common sense has prevailed.
Common sense is a feeling, not a fact. It's a vibe.
Common sense is for split-second decisions, when you don't have time for anything else.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Common sense is not so common.
Common sense is not that common.
Common sense is quite rare.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Common sense is useful for day-to-day survival more than determining policy or research priorities.
Common sense isn't so common.
Common sense should never be used where reason would do.
Common sense should prevail.
Common sense tells me that this isn't the way to do it.
Common sense tells me this isn't the way to do it.
Common sense tells us, however, that there is no easy solution.
Common side effects include headache and low blood pressure.
Common side effects include nausea, abdominal pain, and constipation.
Common-law relationships are not legal unions in France.
Commoners had no stake or interest in the constant fighting between nobles.
Communicate clearly and effectively.
Communicate honestly.
Communicate with people.
Communicate with your co-workers.
Communicate.
Communicating more to the point and directly would help everyone.
Communicating to and from space is a challenging endeavor.
Communication between Fadil and Layla seemed to strengthen every time they had to work out a difficult problem.
Communication between residents and local government is lacking.
Communication between these universes is impossible.
Communication bridges generational gaps.
Communication bridges the gap between cultures.
Communication brings people together.
Communication builds bridges between minds.
Communication builds strong relationships.
Communication can heal divides.
Communication fosters mutual respect.
Communication fosters trust.
Communication fosters understanding and helps us understand each other.
Communication helps navigate differences.
Communication helps solve problems together.
Communication is a two-way street.
Communication is essential within a couple, as you're aware.
Communication is good.
Communication is important.
Communication is now my preferred approach.
Communication is the foundation of society.
Communication is the heart of connection.
Communication is the key to collaboration.
Communication is the key.
Communication is the most important aspect of a language.
Communication is the path to peace.
Communication is the tool of progress.
Communication opens the door to understanding.
Communication seems impossible right now.
Communication takes many forms.
Communication with children matters a lot.
Communications are down.
Communications broke down.
Communications have been cut off for two hours because of a thunderstorm.
Communism aims for the abolition of private possession of the means of production.
Communism and anarchism are the fruits of the same poisonous tree.
Communism destroyed everything here.
Communism didn't just teach people to steal and lie, but also to doubt.
Communism has never worked in practice.
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.
Communism is a dead end.
Communism is a magnificent theory. The misfortune comes when you put it into practice.
Communism is already acknowledged by all European powers to be in itself a power.
Communism is man's dream of finding himself in brotherhood with others.
Communism is nothing but man's dream of brotherhood with others.
Communism is only man's dream of brotherhood with others.
Communism is popular only in places where it doesn't reign.
Communism is soviets plus electricity.
Communism is the disease of this century.
Communism is the equal distribution of poverty.
Communism is the goal.
Communism is the system practiced in the Soviet Union.
Communism is the system practiced in the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics.
Communism is when everybody has to wear a mask.
Communism is when everyone has enough of everything.
Communism is when everyone has to wear a mask.
Communism means general poverty.
Communism only works as a dictatorship.
Communism ruined everything here.
Communism seeks to create a society built for the collective good.
Communism tries to overcome capitalism, but so far that goal has not been achieved.
Communism was a nightmare.
Communism was just a conspiracy theory.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
Communism was the political system in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, but that stopped in 1993.
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
Communism will prevail!
Communism will prevail.
Communism will win!
Communism will win.
Communism works in theory yet fails in practice.
Communism would provide decent housing for everybody.
Communism wouldn't hold out.
Communist partisans took over the country in 1944.
Communists deny the existence of God.
Communists don't believe in the stock exchange, which is really a big casino.
Communists don't worship money.
Communists generally distinguish between personal property, such as toothbrushes or personal living space, and private property, such as vast swaths of land where buildings are rented out to workers so that the unproductive class can profit off their need for personal living space.
Communists should set an example in being practical as well as far-sighted.
Communists took power in China in 1949.
Communists who still insist on following Lenin's ideas are more impervious to reason than many religious people.
Communities that are highly dependent on fishing must implement much broader restructuring processes, since the activity of fishing fleets is decreasing.
Communities.com is one of the best websites for making new friends.
Community colleges are a convenient and cost-effective way for local and international students to earn a degree.
Community colleges largely serve poor and minority students, many of whom are working in full-time positions and supporting families.
Community is important to recovery from mental health conditions.
Community leaders say current efforts have been unsuccessful and oil continues to gush from the damaged well.
Community transmission means the disease is spreading to someone who has not had close contact with an infected person and had not visited a place where the virus is known to be spreading.
Commuters should anticipate traffic delays.
Commuters were deprived of their transport by the strike.
Commuting time was a major concern.
Compact dictionaries are convenient to carry around.
Compact discs have entirely taken the place of phonograph records.
Compact washing machines are expensive for their size.
Companies are cutting jobs.
Companies are developing facial-recognition software to enhance their products.
Companies are doing everything they can to cut costs and reduce turnaround times.
Companies are laying off workers.
Companies are less loyal to their workers.
Companies are rapidly trying to computerize their systems.
Companies can't indulge the right's violent fascist threats.
Companies don't hire more people than they need.
Companies increasingly seem to be getting onboard with hybrid scheduling now that the pandemic has demonstrated that working from home can be productive.
Companies like Pepsi and McDonald’s have tried to put the focus on exercise, rather than diet, for good health.
Companies like these are subsidized by the Algerian government.
Companies may have to dismiss some employees.
Companies paid their taxes every quarter.
Companies prefer to use automated systems.
Companies say advertising is helpful.
Companies should listen to customers, not the other way around.
Companies stopped recruiting people.
Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.
Companies that use so-called "AI" are hoping their brand recognition will carry them over the gap left by their loss of quality.
Companies use cookies to track the sites you visit.
Companies welcome workers who take initiative.
Companies were organized to carry out the move.
Companies with diversified holdings tend to weather economics shocks better.
Companions with the same aim, to carve out their own future, cooperate with each other.
Companionship can help alleviate feelings of loneliness.
Company A is trying to play us off against Company B in a severe price-war.
Company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger.
Company in misery makes it light.
Company matters should stay within the company.
Company policy forbids us from dating clients.
Company policy precludes fraternization between co-workers.
Company regulations mandate that workers use protective eyewear.
Company regulations mandate that workers wear safety glasses.
Company's CEO visits us.
Comparative language study is perhaps the best method of learning foreign languages.
Comparative linguistics is a specific set of processes you go through to find the relatedness of languages, or lack thereof.
Comparative studies are now making rapid progress.
Compare and contrast Cantonese with Mandarin.
Compare how many there were with how many are left.
Compare it to other enjoyable activities: going to the cinema, reading books, going for walks, chatting to friends etc.
Compare the copy with the original.
Compare the facts.
Compare the good and bad effects of each drink.
Compare the signatures.
Compare the style of those letters.
Compare the style of those three letters.
Compare the translation with the original.
Compare the two carefully, and you will see the difference.
Compare these objects and then choose the one you like most.
Compare these two computers.
Compare this authentic, valuable jewel with the imitation.
Compare this copy with the original.
Compare this genuine jewel with that imitation.
Compare this with what is happening in Egypt.
Compare unidirectional mass media such as radio and television with bidirectional ones such as correspondence and the Internet.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
Compare your answer with Tom’s.
Compare your answer with hers.
Compare your answer with his.
Compare your answers with Tom's.
Compare your answers with mine.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
Compare your answers with the teacher’s.
Compare your composition with the example.
Compare your paper with the model one.
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
Compare your sentence with the one that's on the board.
Compare your translation with his.
Compare your translation with the one on the blackboard.
Compared to Algeria, Tunisia is tiny.
Compared to Earth, Mars is a hell planet.
Compared to English, Berber has more grammatical rules.
Compared to European country, Algeria has a relatively low cost of living.
Compared to French, Italian tends to use more loan words.
Compared to India, Algeria only has a population of 40 million people.
Compared to New York, Tokyo is a much safer place.
Compared to Roman script, Japanese script seems more roundish and organic.
Compared to Snoopy, Charlie Brown is not well known at all in Japan.
Compared to Standard French, Kreyòl's orthography is much more concise and convenient.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
Compared to Tom, I'm just a beginner.
Compared to Tunisia, Algeria is vast and has much better infrastructure.
Compared to a colour print, a black and white print is cheaper.
Compared to a colour print, a monochrome print is cheaper.
Compared to a computer, a word processor has a single purpose.
Compared to basketball, baseball might be considered a little slow and boring.
Compared to before, it's already improved greatly.
Compared to fifty years ago, today's aviation technology has made great progress.
Compared to fifty years ago, today’s aviation technology has made great progress.
Compared to her, I am very impractical.
Compared to her, I'm very impractical.
Compared to him, I'm only a beginner.
Compared to him, I'm simply a beginner.
Compared to his brother, he's not so wise.
Compared to his brother, he’s not so wise.
Compared to his father, he is shallow.
Compared to his father, he lacks insight.
Compared to his problems, mine are just small potatoes.
Compared to his sister, Ziri was so chilled.
Compared to just air temperature, wet-bulb temperature is a better way to gauge how safe it is for outdoor physical activity to take place.
Compared to last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Compared to last summer, we haven't had that much precipitation this year.
Compared to many other countries, the average intake of trans-fats per person in Japan is low and it is hypothesized that it does not have a strong impact on health.
Compared to my own brother, I confide in my friend more.
Compared to other populous African countries, Algeria has a low homicide rate.
Compared to our house, his is a palace.
Compared to our house, his is virtually a palace.
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.
Compared to our house, yours is a palace.
Compared to previous years, the results from this year's competition were outstanding. I wish that I were able to give out medals to more than just those in the top 3.
Compared to summers in Europe, Japanese summers are drastically more humid.
Compared to surrender, death is the lesser evil.
Compared to the lives of our ancestors, we live in a real paradise of comfort.
Compared to the old CRT monitors, these new ones are based on liquid crystal display technology, and therefore, they're much slimmer.
Compared to the others, doesn't the French passport look ugly?
Compared to those around him, he looked really happy.
Compared to tigers, bears are nice animals.
Compared to us, Tom and his friends are just kids.
Compared to us, they are only children, but they have such a strong spirit.
Compared to winter weather at the Great Lakes, this is beautiful.
Compared to yesterday, the weather is better today.
Compared to you, I'm just a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, Tom and Mary are just kids.
Compared to you, Tom is just a kid.
Compared to your feet, my feet are smaller.
Compared to yours, my car is small.
Compared with America or China, Japan is a small country.
Compared with Paris, London is big.
Compared with Saturn's size, the rings appear paper-thin.
Compared with her husband, she is not so careful.
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.
Compared with her sister, she isn’t very punctual.
Compared with him, she is very noisy.
Compared with his brother, he is a poor athlete.
Compared with his brother, he is not so intelligent.
Compared with his brother, he is not so tall.
Compared with his father he is lacking in depth.
Compared with his father, he is lacking in depth.
Compared with last year, this year's crops are much better.
Compared with last year, this year’s crops are much better.
Compared with the Chinese, the Japanese are poor linguists.
Compared with the English, we are too near-sighted.
Compared with the level of a year ago, the price is sharply lower.
Compared with the old model, this is far easier to handle.
Compared with the rate of increase in prices, wages aren't going up much.
Compared with the same period last year, profits have fallen by a third.
Compared with this picture, that one is more colourful.
Compared with those in America, Japanese marriages rarely end in divorce.
Compared with yours, my car is small.
Comparing "cancel culture" to the Inquisition is trivializing the Inquisition.
Comparing American English and British English is like counting incompatible sets of floors of a building. That's why, when you try translating over and over again between the two, it's like climbing an endless set of floors. You might even reach the moon someday doing that.
Comparing with cars, I prefer taking the train.
Comparison is not proof.
Comparison is the mother of violence.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Comparison to others fuels my insecurities.
Comparisons aplenty are being made.
Comparisons are difficult.
Compass needles point to the north.
Compasses point north.
Compassion and understanding should guide our views.
Compassion costs nothing but enriches all.
Compassion for others begins with kindness to ourselves.
Compassion is a beautiful and noble feeling that makes valuable ​​and dignified human beings.
Compassion is alien to her.
Compassion is alien to him.
Compassion is alien to them.
Compassion is an impulse towards those who are touched by misfortune; it brings them a little comfort and neither adds nor takes away from us.
Compassion is entirely absent from his character.
Compassion is more powerful than judgment; choose wisely.
Compassion is something you get as a gift. Envy is something you have to work hard for.
Compassion is the basis of all morality.
Compassion is the most altruistic form of love.
Compassion is the way to enlightenment, and indispensable to the creation of a just economy and a peaceful global community.
Compassion should replace hatred in our interactions.
Compassion you get as a gift. Envy you have to work hard for.
Competence and performance are two different things.
Competent people need not apply.
Competing in goodness.
Competition between the grizzly bears grew fierce.
Competition can cause fatigue.
Competition drives down prices.
Competition drives prices down.
Competition for the position is very intense.
Competition grows as more entrepreneurs try to monetize their content.
Competition in itself is not a bad thing.
Competition in itself is not bad.
Competition in the domestic market is cutthroat.
Competition is a healthy thing.
Competition is good.
Competition is intensifying.
Competition is neither good nor evil in itself.
Competition is not bad in itself.
Competition is not by nature evil.
Competition is restricted in Algeria.
Competition is the best form of motivation.
Competition is very fierce in the auto industry.
Competition is very keen in the car industry.
Competition isn't bad in itself.
Competition itself has divisive energy and low vibration, making it difficult to avoid some kind of negativity all the time.
Competition makes us better.
Competition makes you better.
Competitiveness is neither good nor bad in itself.
Compile an essay on that topic within a fixed number of letters.
Compiled and co-edited by Maria Ebrahimji and Zahra Suratwala, the book "I Speak for Myself" contains first-person narratives by 40 Muslim women born and raised in the United States who, as the editors point out, have been "negotiating a dichotomy of Islamic and Western values since birth."
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time.
Compiling a dictionary requires a lot of time.
Complaining about it won't help.
Complaining about something doesn't change anything.
Complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment.
Complaining is part of a complete revolution.
Complaining isn't going to change anything.
Complaining won't change anything.
Complaining won't help.
Complaining won't remedy the situation.
Complaining won’t change anything.
Complaints are rare.
Complementary and alternative medical practices — which include health products and therapies that aren't generally considered part of conventional medicine — are frequently a part of Americans' health care regimens.
Complementary colors are opposite one another on a color wheel.
Complementary colors contrast the most with each other.
Complete agreement between theory and practice is a rare case.
Complete enumeration of the different parts of a carriage does not make a carriage.
Complete it.
Complete that which you can today. Don't leave it till tomorrow.
Complete the dialogue with the conjugated form of "to have".
Complete the following form to know who you could have been in a previous life.
Complete the formula here below.
Complete the questionnaire.
Complete the sentence.
Complete the sentences. Use the correct form of the verb in parentheses. Use contractions.
Complete with the correct form of the verb.
Complete your tasks.
Completed in 1959, the Guggenheim Museum's circular, organic design still feels innovative, even though the building is 60 years old.
Completely coincidentally, these two are still being repaired.
Completely different from Tom was his boyfriend John, who was amicable and philanthropic.
Completely sure!
Completely surrounded by our troops, the enemy finally surrendered to us.
Completing my book is just the beginning!
Completing paperwork is often monotonous.
Completing this project would require the cooperation of multiple parties.
Completing this quest will net you a ton of experience points and money.
Completion of the Suez Canal in 1869 elevated Egypt as an important world transportation hub.
Complex data is more easily interpreted through visualization.
Complex numbers can be represented as points on the so-called complex plane.
Complex numbers have an imaginary part.
Complex numbers have many beautiful properties.
Complex post-traumatic stress disorder, usually referred to as complex PTSD, is relatively underdiagnosed compared to the more acute form of PTSD.
Complex transcriptions are difficult to read.
Complexity is often a device for claiming sophistication, or for evading simple truths.
Compliance with a robber's demands does not guarantee your safety.
Complications are pretty rare.
Complications from measles such as pneumonia or encephalitis, a swelling of the brain, can be fatal or lead to permanent disability. That’s why doctors urge parents to get their children vaccinated.
Compliment your wife.
Complimenting is lying.
Compliments to the chef.
Compose yourself!
Composers create music.
Composing poetry is an art.
Composite materials represent a sea change in the aerospace industry.
Composites are usually herbs and shrubs, although there are a few tree composites. Various composites are cultivated for food including sunflower seeds, lettuce, artichokes, chicory, endive, and salsify. The most common human use of this very large family is for garden ornamentals. A few such as chamomile, colt's foot, and wormwood have been used as medicinal plants.
Composting helps the environment.
Composting is important.
Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe.
Compound transforms the form of word.
Comprehension is fundamental.
Comprehensive sanctions can cripple governments engaged in war crimes.
Compromise can be had.
Compromise is a virtue to be cultivated, not a weakness to be despised.
Compromise is abhorrent to me.
Compromise only makes sense when all parties are acting in good faith.
Compromise.
Compromises don't appeal to me.
Compulsory military service exists in Turkey.
Compulsory military service is in most countries a thing of the past.
Computer aided design programs can help with home decorating.
Computer algorithms are used at Steve's workplace to track employees' productivity.
Computer files and folders aren't like children. You seem to want a big family.
Computer games are a way for him to pass time.
Computer games are examples of software multimedia because they combine text, images, animation, video, and sound.
Computer games are not good for one's health.
Computer graphics have changed the world of animation.
Computer jobs are increasingly outsourced to East Asian countries where the dollar goes farther.
Computer parts are very expensive in Japan.
Computer performance may be very poor.
Computer programming was devalued as a women's job until it became lucrative, at which point women were sidelined.
Computer science has made rapid progress in our country.
Computer supplies are very expensive in Japan.
Computer technology is indispensable to access many pertinent items of data.
Computer users have so many buzzwords, it's a wonder if anyone else can understand them.
Computer users have so many buzzwords, it’s a wonder if anyone else can understand them.
Computer-based learning offers a way for students to take advanced courses not offered at their school, or to retake classes they failed. It also serves those who cannot physically attend school, and students who receive home schooling or need tutoring.
Computer-generated sentences defeat the purpose of a linguistic corpus.
Computer-monitor images complete with accompanying audios came alive on a television screen at the touch of a mouse, the printed word unfolded into exciting graphics, and colorful menus invited students to select deeper explorations of environmental topics.
Computers almost always have the same price. Maybe the prices are set according to the customers' buying ability.
Computers and now most audio and video magnetic storage devices record digital data.
Computers are amazing devices.
Computers are being introduced into this company.
Computers are better than us at playing chess.
Computers are better than us.
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.
Computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second.
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.
Computers are complex machines.
Computers are complex tools.
Computers are complicated machines.
Computers are complicated tools.
Computers are constantly being improved.
Computers are difficult, so I get confused.
Computers are like cats: totally unpredictable.
Computers are machines.
Computers are of great use.
Computers are only used to code games.
Computers are really selling like hotcakes.
Computers are starting to get smarter than we are.
Computers are used to send messages by e-mail.
Computers are very useful.
Computers are weird.
Computers as we know them today first appeared before the Second World War.
Computers can be thought of as mere calculating machines.
Computers can communicate with each other via the Internet.
Computers can do the job with ease.
Computers can give us facts, but they can't give us experience.
Computers can give us facts, but they can’t give us experience.
Computers can perform a very complicated task in a fraction of a second.
Computers can save us a lot of time and trouble.
Computers caused a great, if gradual, change.
Computers didn't yet exist around that time.
Computers have been taught to play chess in such a way that today few chess players, if any, in the whole world are able to defeat the machine.
Computers have changed the industrial picture considerably.
Computers have invaded every field.
Computers have made rapid progress.
Computers have no family.
Computers have significantly changed the industrial landscape.
Computers learned to play chess many years ago, but they didn't always have the strength they have today.
Computers make calculations.
Computers make people stupid.
Computers reign over the modern world. What would become of us if they were turned off and there was no way to reactivate them?
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
Computers save us time.
Computers seem to play the role of the human brain, so they're often called "electric brains".
Computers used to be scientific curiosities.
Computers were invented forty years earlier.
Computers will save you a lot of time.
Computers will save you much time and energy when you deal with figures and graphs.
Computing is his passion.
Computing is the future.
Comrade Jackson was brought before the Central Committee.
Comrade Lenin thinks it is better not to talk about politics.
Comrade Stalin drew attention to the fact that language is extraordinarily important in the life of every people, and for their struggle for independence, freedom, and progress.
Comrade Tom fell in love with comrade Mary.
Comrade Tom walked into the office of Pravda.
Comrades! Let's transform Moscow into a model communist city.
Con artists take advantage of the credulity of inexperienced investors and swindle them out of their money.
Con artists take advantage of the gullibility of inexperienced creditors and defraud them of their money.
Conakry is the capital of Guinea.
Conan Doyle is the inventor of Sherlock Holmes.
Concave curbs make little sense.
Concave is the antonym of convex.
Concealing information only creates distance and prevents us from truly understanding each other.
Conceit, arrogance and egotism are the essentials of patriotism.
Conceited people take it for granted that they are superior to others.
Conceive. That is the word that means both the beginning in imagination and the end in creation.
Concentrate on one thing, Tom.
Concentrate on our mission!
Concentrate on the day's tasks.
Concentrate on the first question.
Concentrate on the mission!
Concentrate on the present moment.
Concentrate on the present!
Concentrate on what Tom is doing.
Concentrate on what you're doing, not on what your classmates are doing.
Concentrate on what you're doing.
Concentrate on what’s important for your future.
Concentrate on your mission!
Concentrate on your recovery.
Concentrate on your studies.
Concentrate your attention on the job in front of you.
Concentrate your attention on this problem.
Concentrate!
Concentrate, Tom.
Concentrate, but don't strain yourself.
Concentrate.
Concentration is a matter of respect.
Concentration is a very simple thing.
Concepción is from Bolivia. She is Bolivian.
Concern had started to gnaw at his insides.
Concerning the Earth, the Sun and the property of smallness, the 1st is more than the 2nd in the 3rd.
Concerning the characteristics of respiratory function in swimmers.
Concerning the content below, I want to verify two things.
Concerning this computer, it broke a few days ago.
Concerning this issue, I feel that the trash media only report biased information.
Concerning this matter, I'm the one to blame.
Concerning this matter, I’m the one to blame.
Concerning this matter... I really don’t know.
Concerning this problem, our views are not the same.
Concerning this word, each expert has a different point of view.
Concerning this, I'm the one to blame.
Concerning this, I’m the one to blame.
Concerns are mounting that the coronavirus pandemic could disenfranchise large numbers of American voters in the U.S. presidential election.
Concerns for the safety, well-being and free movement of the 342 students in our study-abroad program in Florence, Italy, have guided this difficult decision, which was also informed by global health experts.
Concerns over the pandemic prompted Smithfield Foods to temporarily close two other plants in mid-April: in southeastern Wisconsin and in Missouri.
Concert tickets are on sale at this office.
Concert tickets are quite often expensive.
Concert tickets were sold there for a time as well.
Concerted action by a pair of bishops can decide a match.
Concerted governmental action has succeeded in halting the decrease in the language's number of speakers.
Concession stand food is usually overpriced.
Conchita Wurst won the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song "Rise Like a Phoenix."
Conchita Wurst's selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 sparked controversy in Austria.
Conchita decided to tell Mary the truth.
Conchita felt guilty for ruining Tom and Mary's relationship.
Conchita has spoken a variety of languages since she was young.
Conciliation is the matter of the law.
Conciseness is a virtue.
Concord brings forward small things, discord ruins the great ones.
Concorde was capable of reaching supersonic speeds.
Concrete can be reinforced by putting steel bars inside it.
Concrete hardens after it's poured.
Concrete is made with cement and stones mixed with water.
Concrete takes time to dry.
Concretization is a common problem in urban areas.
Concurrently to the Depp-Heard Virginia trial, a lynch mob was forming against Heard on the Internet and could be witnessed daily. The jury in the case was exposed to this mob throughout the trial, as their access to the Internet was not limited in any way.
Concussions are common among NFL players.
Condemned to death.
Condemning dehumanizing and racist rhetoric is a moral imperative.
Condemning hate speech is essential for fostering inclusivity.
Condensed milk is more viscous than normal milk.
Condensed milk is thicker than normal milk.
Condillac, with sensationalism, revolutionised the concept of mind, making language and gesture prior to ideas, shattering Locke's conception of language as a mere passive medium.
Condillac, with sensationalism, revolutionised the concept of mind, making language and gesture prior to ideas, shattering Locke’s conception of language as a mere passive medium.
Condition your brain to do that.
Conditioning is fine for animals, but people need more advanced lessons.
Conditions apply for Los Angeles transit passengers.
Conditions are likely to get worse.
Conditions are likely to worsen.
Conditions are unusual.
Conditions could change.
Conditions for termination of the agreement are listed on the last page.
Conditions haven't improved.
Conditions in the camp are bad.
Conditions in the camp are horrible.
Conditions in the camp were appalling.
Conditions in the camp were terrible.
Conditions now appear similar to what happened 3,000 to 5,000 years ago. There’s rainforest loss, rising temperatures and dryer weather.
Conditions there are indescribable.
Condoms are a form of contraception.
Condoms are an effective measure to prevent HIV and many other diseases.
Condoms are important.
Condoms greatly reduce the chances of pregnancy.
Condoms offer protection against STDs.
Condoms offer protection against sexually transmitted diseases.
Condors have never bred in zoos.
Conducting experiments on live mice and human cells taken from human males with the flu virus, a team of scientists from Johns Hopkins have come up with a possible reason why males recuperate faster. They say it’s because men generate more of an important lung-healing protein, called amphiregulin than women.
Cones and pyramids are geometric shapes.
Conferences are super exhausting.
Confess himself to be a spy.
Confess right now!
Confess to your dog or cat.
Confess!
Confession is good for the soul.
Confessions are good for the soul.
Confessions made under torture are not reliable.
Confessions obtained by torture are generally worthless.
Confetti drops over the crowd as the clock strikes midnight during the New Year's celebration in Times Square.
Confide in each other and love each other.
Confide in me.
Confidence and stupidity are a very dangerous combination, but they generally go together.
Confidence beams from my every step.
Confidence changed Tom's life.
Confidence comes from knowing who you are.
Confidence in management practices was undermined by the crash.
Confidence increases productivity.
Confidence is a skill which can be learned.
Confidence is half the battle in learning to speak another language.
Confidence is hard to build, but easy to destroy.
Confidence is the best beauty secret.
Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem.
Confidence plays a crucial role in language learning.
Confident as I am that you will not trifle with this appeal, my heart sinks and my hand trembles at the bare thought of such a possibility.
Confidentiality is of utmost importance to our success.
Confine your remarks to the matter we are discussing.
Confinement can drive you insane.
Confining the number of example sentences non-native English speakers can provide is a disheartening insult to their intelligence and the tremendous commitment they demonstrate in improving the website's content.
Confining the quantity of example sentences non-native English speakers can contribute devalues their intelligence and discredits the extraordinary perseverance they demonstrate to make the website a better place for learning.
Confirm the order.
Confirm your reservation in advance.
Confirm your trust in me.
Confirmation bias is a sort of blindness that leads news consumers to seek out information they WANT to be true.
Confirmation would be appreciated.
Conflict escalation frequently results from a vicious circle of action and reaction.
Conflict is good.
Conflict is growing in Morocco.
Conflict is helpful.
Conflict is part of our culture.
Conflict is useful.
Conflicting ideas can spark important discussions.
Conflicting reports prompted the director to reconsider her position.
Conflicting thoughts can promote growth in understanding.
Conflicts are designed to disempower the opposition.
Conflicts are inevitable.
Conflicts can arise over a range of matters.
Conflicts can emerge from differing viewpoints.
Conflicts can improve our knowledge of different views.
Conflicts can improve our understanding of different views.
Conflicts happen regularly.
Conflicts in opinions are common.
Conflicts occur in everyone's life.
Conformity is an essential element of our homogeneous community.
Conformity is boring.
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.
Confound it.
Confront your responsibilities directly.
Confrontations are part of Fadil's everyday life.
Confrontations with tradesmen cause stressful situations.
Confronting him directly demonstrates your willingness to address conflicts head-on.
Confucius said: " Yu the Great's conduct, I could not point out any flaws. He consumes meager amount of food, while offering boastful riches to the Gods and ancestors; He always don the crudest attire, but wears lavish garments when worshipping; He resides in a small house, yet forges water ways and ditches with all his might. Figures like Yu the Great, I honestly cannot point out any reprehensible flaws."
Confucius said: "He who does not drink tea is a fool."
Confucius said: "To see the dead person to his grave with the thought that he is unmistakably dead is inhuman and not something one should do. To see the dead person to his grave with the thought that he is still alive is unwise and also not something one should do."
Confused by her careless mistake, she burst into tears.
Confused thoughts haunt Tom's head.
Confused, Kalman came out of the cabin.
Confused, Ziri kept looking around.
Confusingly, it's defined quite differently in the dictionary.
Confusion and fear could be seen on people's faces.
Confusion arose from the accident.
Confusion arose.
Confusion brewed inside my head.
Congestion in the capital, Algiers, costs Algeria billions in lost revenue.
Congestion is a problem in every big city.
Congrats on your engagement!
Congrats on your new arrival!
Congrats on your retirement!
Congrats on your success!
Congrats on your well-deserved recognition!
Congrats!
Congrats, buddy.
Congratulate Mary for her graduation.
Congratulate her for me.
Congratulate her for us.
Congratulate him for me.
Congratulate them for me!
Congratulate them for me.
Congratulate them for us.
Congratulate them from me.
Congratulations are definitely in order.
Congratulations are excessive. Nothing is over yet.
Congratulations are in order.
Congratulations are probably in order.
Congratulations for your birthday, Muriel!
Congratulations on all that you have accomplished.
Congratulations on all your effort.
Congratulations on becoming a grandfather, Tom!
Congratulations on being accepted to the school you've always wanted to go to.
Congratulations on being accepted to the school you’ve always wanted to go to.
Congratulations on coming first in the competition.
Congratulations on earning your degree!
Congratulations on finding your true self.
Congratulations on getting your degree!
Congratulations on giving birth.
Congratulations on passing all your examinations.
Congratulations on reaching your goal!
Congratulations on succeeding in the exams.
Congratulations on the baby.
Congratulations on the birth of your son.
Congratulations on the grade in the language!
Congratulations on the publication.
Congratulations on the publication. My French isn't good enough to read poetry yet.
Congratulations on the victory!
Congratulations on the wedding!
Congratulations on your accomplishment!
Congratulations on your achievement!
Congratulations on your anniversary!
Congratulations on your anniversary.
Congratulations on your big victory.
Congratulations on your diploma.
Congratulations on your engagement.
Congratulations on your excellent Interlingua!
Congratulations on your exceptional performance!
Congratulations on your face.
Congratulations on your forty-thousandth sentence!
Congratulations on your forty-thousandth sentence.
Congratulations on your graduation!
Congratulations on your graduation.
Congratulations on your incredible journey!
Congratulations on your marriage.
Congratulations on your milestone!
Congratulations on your new baby! He's a really healthy baby boy.
Congratulations on your new home!
Congratulations on your new job!
Congratulations on your new job.
Congratulations on your new venture!
Congratulations on your outstanding performance!
Congratulations on your promotion!
Congratulations on your promotion.
Congratulations on your remarkable achievement!
Congratulations on your success.
Congratulations on your victory!
Congratulations on your victory.
Congratulations on your wedding!
Congratulations on your well-deserved accolades!
Congratulations on your well-deserved promotion!
Congratulations on your well-earned success!
Congratulations on your win!
Congratulations on your win.
Congratulations to Argentina, who won the 2022 World Cup.
Congratulations to all involved.
Congratulations to all those we've selected.
Congratulations to all!
Congratulations to both of you.
Congratulations to everyone involved in this project.
Congratulations to everyone involved.
Congratulations to everyone.
Congratulations to our newest Algerian citizens.
Congratulations to our opponents. We were beaten by the better team.
Congratulations to the Cubs.
Congratulations to the both of you.
Congratulations to the victor.
Congratulations to them.
Congratulations to you and Tom.
Congratulations to you both.
Congratulations to you too.
Congratulations to you!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! It's a baby girl.
Congratulations! It's a boy!
Congratulations! You are our thousandth visitor!
Congratulations! You have a daughter.
Congratulations! You have a granddaughter.
Congratulations! You have a grandson.
Congratulations! You have a son.
Congratulations! You have been elected as the head of the clan.
Congratulations! You just won a free cruise to the Bahamas!
Congratulations! You just won a million dollars!
Congratulations! You won a free cruise!
Congratulations! You won.
Congratulations! You're a clown.
Congratulations! You've been chosen as the winner of a drawing for a free cruise to the Bahamas!
Congratulations! You've been selected to receive a free cruise to the Bahamas!
Congratulations! You've been selected to receive a free fake cruise to the Bahamas!
Congratulations! You've given birth to a daughter.
Congratulations! You've given birth to a son.
Congratulations! You've just won a million dollars!
Congratulations! You've won a waffle iron!
Congratulations, I guess.
Congratulations, Russians!
Congratulations, Tom.
Congratulations, and thanks for everything!
Congratulations, buddy.
Congratulations, everyone. We finally did it!
Congratulations, friend of mine!
Congratulations, my friend!
Congratulations, you just won a free cruise!
Congratulations, you won the lottery!
Congratulations, you won!
Congratulations, you're our one millionth visitor!
Congratulations, you're pregnant.
Congratulations, you've just won a cruise to the Caribbean.
Congratulations, you've made it.
Congratulations, you've successfully enabled two-factor authentication.
Congratulations, you've successfully registered an account.
Congratulations.
Congratulations. According to Tom, the new exams were very difficult.
Congratulations. You behaved yourself very well.
Congregants filled the church in peaceful protest against the decision of the authorities.
Congress and committees of Congress of course impeded the executive when there was no coercive public sentiment to check and rule them.
Congress approved legislation in December 2016 to cap public spending.
Congress approved the plan in August 1969.
Congress approved the resolution in October.
Congress asked for more information.
Congress did not approve the measure.
Congress did not stop NASA's innovative project.
Congress failed to enact any useful legislation during the entire session.
Congress finally approved Wilson's proposals.
Congress finally approved Wilson’s proposals.
Congress is split over the issue.
Congress needs to act now.
Congress passed the bill.
Congress passed the proposal.
Congress refused to act.
Congress rejected the request.
Congress went into recess.
Congressman John Lewis, before his passing, wrote: "Democracy is not a state. It is an act." And what he meant was that America's democracy is not guaranteed.
Conjugate this verb.
Conjugating reflexive verbs is a real mind-boggler.
Conjugation is fun.
Conjugation is interesting.
Conjugation of irregular verbs - essential for those learning English.
Conjunctivitis is commonly known as pink eye.
Conkling decided to resign in protest.
Conkling refused to accept the appointment.
Conlangs are confusing to study.
Conlangs are hard.
Conlangs are really fun to make.
Conlangs are the best!
Connect Sirius, the Gemini twins, Capella, Aldebaran, Rigel, and then back to Sirius, and you have completed the Great Hexagon!
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Connect the microphone.
Connect the plug to the socket.
Connect the two cables together.
Connect the two cables.
Connect to Tatoeba.
Connect.
Connectedness is very important for suicide prevention.
Connecticut is called "The Nutmeg State," but not necessarily because of the nutmeg spice, a precious cargo the state's sailors used to bring home from trade journeys to Asia.
Connecting a PC to the internet is not rocket science.
Connecting a PC to the internet isn't rocket science.
Connecting through dialogue with your children is important.
Connection and love: We all want it. Most people settle for connection because love’s too scary.
Connection with one another is a key part of the way many people in recovery from drug and alcohol addiction stay clean and sober.
Connectivity can be rated by ease, cost, time, distance, or capacity. What about scenery? That's a cost factor. It may be positive or negative.
Connie Lambert keeps active, travels and defies her age of 76.
Connie Lambert never let her age or serious medical episodes slow her down.
Connie Lambert’s favorite job is watching her two great-granddaughters.
Connie had to wait seven hours to be swabbed at a Chicago-area hospital.
Connor dives down deep into the ocean hunting for treasure every day.
Connor loves to go fishing in the pool under the waterfall.
Connor loves to go swimming in the ocean in the summer.
Conquering is easier than governing.
Conquest is a form of theft.
Conrado does not have any idea of what happened.
Conscience grows from language, so be careful about what you write or translate in here.
Conscience is a wound that never heals and from which no one dies.
Conscience is perpetual becoming.
Conscience is sorrow. Intelligence is deception. Only on the outskirts of life can one plant a little illusion.
Conscience is the knowledge that someone is watching.
Conscientiously save money for one's old age.
Conscientiously save money for one’s old age.
Conscious of its responsibility before God and mankind, inspired by the will to serve the peace of the world as an equal member in a united Europe, the German people, by virtue of their constitutional power, have given themselves this Constitution.
Consciousness is a precondition of being.
Consciousness is limitless and the ultimate reality.
Consciousness is not a secondary phenomenon of matter. Rather, on the contrary, the matter is a secondary phenomenon of consciousness.
Consciousness is not an epiphenomenon of matter. Rather, the matter is an epiphenomenon of consciousness.
Consciousness is still a mystery, for both science and philosophy.
Consensual non-consent scenarios require extensive negotiation and clear communication.
Consent can be revoked at any time.
Consent can't exist in coercive situations.
Consent is continuous and can be withdrawn at any time.
Consent is essential in any relationship.
Consent is everything.
Consent is more valuable than the court's verdict.
Consent is not mandatory.
Consent is ongoing, and your feelings and boundaries matter.
Consent requires the ability to understand consequences.
Consequences will never be the same!
Consequent conduct is specified.
Consequently, people prefer not to live in the centre because it's simply not convenient.
Conservation International says an estimated eight million metric tons of plastics go into the ocean every year. And that's not even counting the amount that ends up in landfills or by the side of the road.
Conservation and wildlife groups call the changes U.S. President Donald Trump's gift to logging, ranching, and oil industries, saying they take a bulldozer through protections for America’s most vulnerable wildlife.
Conservation groups agree that, instead of being beneficial, gill plates may be harmful to human health because they contain arsenic, cadmium, and other lethal metals.
Conservation groups are pushing back against the conventional wisdom that conservation and economic growth are opposites.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
Conservation policies under former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva curbed deforestation rates from 2004 to 2015.
Conservation through Public Health is also working to educate communities about preventing other illnesses, including Ebola, a deadly hemorrhagic disease spread through touching the blood and eating the meat of an infected animal. She says Ugandans do not usually eat uncooked bush meat but that neighbors from the Democratic Republic of the Congo do.
Conservationist and friend of trees Mary reacted with shock when Tom at long last owned up to being a woodcutter.
Conservationists in Australia are hoping infrared drones might help save the remaining koala population in New South Wales.
Conservationists in an ecologically diverse part of South Africa have embarked on an ambitious project to reestablish a population of one of Africa’s most mysterious creatures.
Conservative U.S. states are rapidly making it illegal to be trans while living in them.
Conservative U.S. states are rapidly making it illegal to be trans while living in them; this is an example of why there are more trans people in more liberal states. People either flee the conservative states or die.
Conservative commentators are laughing at how stupid their listeners and readers are.
Conservative people always tell us to act within our station.
Conservatives are more celebrity-obsessed than most people. When a celebrity has an opinion, we rarely hear about it until conservatives start complaining about it.
Conservatives are sacrificing trans children to keep the boogyman away.
Conservatives know the real reason kids are taught about LGBTQ issues is so they won't grow up to hate us and be violent towards us. This is what they're really against, but they would look like monsters if they admit it, so they play to old homophobic canards and call us "groomers."
Conservatives loathe doctors, medicine, and science.
Conservatives think I'm an SJW, and liberals think I'm a reactionary.
Consider a Wi-Fi router and networked devices around the home. Each device receives signals from the router, which transmits data from the internet.
Consider a circle of radius 2 centered at the origin. Find its points of intersection with the line y = x - 1.
Consider adopting an older pet.
Consider all the conditions when you find that you are fatigued, and decide if the trouble is with yourself or with the weather.
Consider anarchoprimitivism.
Consider carefully what you're about to say. You have a lot riding on it.
Consider carefully what you’re about to say. You have a lot riding on it.
Consider divorce.
Consider doing that by yourself next time.
Consider donating non-perishable items you won't use to those in need.
Consider donating unneeded or non-perishable items to those in need.
Consider donating your excess food to a local food bank.
Consider donating your outgrown clothes to a local shelter.
Consider fucking off into the wilderness.
Consider it a friendly warning.
Consider it a gift.
Consider it a present.
Consider it an emergency.
Consider it done, Ziri.
Consider it done.
Consider it urgent.
Consider it.
Consider me your friend.
Consider me your loyal companion, always available to support and assist you.
Consider my offer carefully.
Consider my request.
Consider my suggestion to quit smoking.
Consider my words carefully.
Consider others as yourself.
Consider our petition.
Consider regional cooperation and good neighborly relations pillars that guarantee peace.
Consider starting a compost bin for food scraps if your family doesn't already have one.
Consider switching to Firefox Quantum.
Consider taking a break from in-person dates.
Consider that nothing in human life is stable; for then you will not exult overmuch in prosperity, nor grieve overmuch in adversity.
Consider the Roomba, a programmable robotic vacuum which cleans floors on its own.
Consider the advantages and disadvantages before deciding.
Consider the alternative.
Consider the environment you've created.
Consider the facts.
Consider the following facts.
Consider the following problem.
Consider the following scenario.
Consider the following statement.
Consider the options carefully before making a decision.
Consider the options.
Consider the path.
Consider the possibility.
Consider the problem again.
Consider the source.
Consider the sources of the story. Are they named or not identified in the story?
Consider the successes that have been achieved by tired, discouraged people who decided to give it one more try.
Consider their petition.
Consider things from every angle.
Consider this a warning, Tom.
Consider this an exception.
Consider this an order.
Consider this as an option.
Consider this your final warning. I won't hesitate to defend myself.
Consider using a dishwasher cleaner or vinegar to remove mineral deposits and odors in the dishwasher.
Consider using a drip tray or liner for messier cooking projects.
Consider using a plastic cutting board for raw meats for easy cleaning.
Consider using a sink mat to protect it from scratches.
Consider using a stain remover or pre-treating the apron before washing.
Consider using clear containers for grains and snacks to keep them fresh.
Consider using clear containers to store leftovers for easy identification in the fridge.
Consider using cloth napkin holders to keep them organized on the table.
Consider using cloth napkins for a more eco-friendly option.
Consider using cloth napkins for special occasions to reduce paper waste.
Consider using eco-friendly or reusable kitchen towels to reduce waste.
Consider using oven liners or mats to catch spills and prevent messes.
Consider using placemats or coasters to protect the counter from stains.
Consider using separate towels for drying dishes and hands.
Consider using shelf liners to protect the cabinet shelves from spills.
Consider using shelf liners to protect your cupboards and shelves.
Consider what effects, that might conceivably have practical bearings, we conceive the object of our conception to have. Then, our conception of these effects is the whole of our conception of the object.
Consider what should be done, determine what can be done and do what needs to be done.
Consider what we do to our children. We do not say to them: 'Some people think the earth is round, and others think it is flat; when you grow up, you can, if you like, examine the evidence and form your own conclusion.' Instead of this we say: 'The earth is round.' By the time our children are old enough to examine the evidence, our propaganda has closed their minds...
Consider what we do to our children. We do not say to them: ’Some people think the earth is round, and others think it is flat; when you grow up, you can, if you like, examine the evidence and form your own conclusion.’ Instead of this we say: ’The earth is round.’ By the time our children are old enough to examine the evidence, our propaganda has closed their minds...
Consider why everyone has abandoned you.
Consider why you're here.
Consider your options carefully.
Consider your words carefully before saying them.
Consider yourself lucky that you were never involved with Tom.
Consider yourself lucky to have found a person you'd like to spend the rest of your life with.
Consider yourself lucky.
Consider yourself on notice.
Consider yourself slapped!
Consider yourself somewhat fortunate.
Consider yourselves hostages.
Consider yourselves lucky.
Consider yourselves my prisoners.
Consider, once more, the universal cannibalism of the sea; all whose creatures prey upon each other, carrying on eternal war since the world began.
Considerable care is advised when driving in winter weather.
Considerable information is available from commercial sources about this salt.
Consideration is very necessary.
Considered as a whole, the exhibition is really quite good.
Considered from this perspective, it makes no difference.
Considering all I've eaten all day is just one slice of bread, I'm not really all that hungry.
Considering all I’ve eaten all day is just one slice of bread, I’m not really all that hungry.
Considering everything, my father's life was a happy one.
Considering his age, Tom is pretty good at that.
Considering his age, he enjoys good health.
Considering how long I've been studying French, I should be able to speak it better.
Considering how many more mass shootings cis people commit than trans people, it's worth asking whether there is something inherent to cisgenderism that promotes violent terrorism.
Considering my needs, how can you help me?
Considering that you have explained it to him many times, he must have already understood it.
Considering the UK's enthusiastic and unreserved support for the US's aggressive interventions, London should genuinely explore the possibility of joining the United States as a state.
Considering the UK's unwavering endorsement of the US's aggressive interventionist agenda, London should seriously assess the viability of becoming a US state.
Considering the active participation of the UK, Canada, and Australia in the US's aggressive interventions worldwide, they should genuinely contemplate the formation of a global Anglo-Saxon union to assert their collective global hegemony.
Considering the active role of the UK, Canada, and Australia in supporting the US's aggressive interventions, they should earnestly deliberate on the idea of forming a global Anglo-Saxon union to exert their collective "civilized" hegemonic influence on a global scale.
Considering the active role of the UK, Canada, and Australia in supporting the US's aggressive interventions, they should seriously contemplate the formation of a global Anglo-Saxon union to exert their collective "civilized" hegemony on the world stage.
Considering the favourable exchange rate, it's a good time to travel.
Considering the shared enthusiasm of the UK, Canada, and Australia for participating in the US's aggressive interventions, they should earnestly contemplate the formation of a global Anglo-Saxon union to consolidate their tyrannical global dominance.
Considering the size of the Chesapeake Bay which sprawls through six states and Washington, DC, Judy says, much more needs to be done. The Marylanders Grow Oysters program is part of a larger coordinated recovery strategy, including research, monitoring and public programs. Judy says the end game is the same: to jump start Mother Nature.
Considering the various Berber dialects as separate languages is a gross linguistic misconceptions. Brilliant linguists like Salem Chaker, Kamel Nait Zerrad, and Miloud Taifi talk about one and only Berber language.
Considering the violence of the impact, he must have died instantly.
Considering what time it was, the supermarket was relatively empty.
Considering what you tried to do to him, it's not surprising.
Considering your lack of experience you acquitted yourselves pretty well in this competition.
Consilient testimony helps secure truth.
Consistency is key.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Consistency is what we're striving for.
Consistent and regular practice is essential for mastering a foreign language effectively.
Consistent practice is crucial for enhancing your language skills.
Consistent practice is key to language fluency.
Consisting of bacon and cheese, the sandwich was quite greasy.
Console yourself with that.
Consonants are harder than vowels.
Consonants are speech sounds produced by obstructing or restricting the airflow in the vocal tract.
Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
Conspiracies do happen.
Conspiracy is becoming reality.
Conspiracy theories are a CIA conspiracy to keep the world proletariat from rising up against capitalism.
Conspiracy theories draw skeptics, who then also unmask them.
Conspiracy theories were made up by the CIA to divert people's attention away from capitalism.
Constance can learn three languages at the same time with ease!
Constant adaptation is essential.
Constant despair is distrust in oneself.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
Constant effort yields sure success.
Constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it.
Constant use of technology creates a barrier between me and genuine human connections.
Constantine the Great is discussed controversially in modern historical research.
Constantine was the ancient capital of Massinissa's kingdom.
Constantinople fell to the hands of the Ottoman Turks in 1453.
Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season.
Constantly making snide comments about colleagues creates a bad working environment.
Constantly regard the universe as one living being, having one substance and one soul; and observe how all things have reference to one perception, the perception of this one living being; and how all things act with one movement; and how all things are the cooperating causes of all things which exist; observe too the continuous spinning of the thread and the contexture of the web.
Constantly working on the computer can make the muscles of your shoulder blade tight.
Constellations can be a useful way to help identify positions of stars in the sky.
Constellations in the heavens.
Constellations, or groups of stars that form shapes in the sky, usually represent a mythological person or creature or a nonliving object.
Constitutional term limits barred President Johnson Sirleaf from running for re-election.
Constricting the number of example sentences non-native speakers can offer in English belittles their intelligence and devalues their tremendous contributions to the website.
Construct a sentence from this set of words.
Constructed languages are also languages.
Constructed languages either are simplified as much as possible, or their grammar lacks the harmony peculiar to natural languages. Both disadvantages emasculate the language.
Construction area: hard hats required.
Construction began Monday.
Construction began in 2013.
Construction began in October.
Construction began on the Algerian East-West Highway in 2007.
Construction began shortly thereafter.
Construction begins tomorrow.
Construction could begin in October.
Construction has fallen behind schedule.
Construction has just begun.
Construction is a dirty job.
Construction is a hard job.
Construction is a lucrative investment in Algeria.
Construction is already underway.
Construction is difficult and very demanding.
Construction is going to begin in October.
Construction is set to begin in October.
Construction is set to begin in early October.
Construction is set to begin late in October.
Construction is set to begin later this month.
Construction is to start in October.
Construction materials are expensive at the moment.
Construction materials are very expensive at this time.
Construction of the cathedral lasted four years.
Construction of the cathedral went on for four years.
Construction of the plant is opposed by most of the community's residents.
Construction of this bridge cost a lot of money.
Construction on our new house is nearly complete.
Construction on the Hall of Ocean Life began in 1922 and it finally opened to the public in May 1933. Ms. Stiassny says the original hall reflected the 19th century concept that nature served man, focusing on the whaling industry, and activities like pearl-diving. A diorama depicting Pacific pearl divers still stands.
Construction on the new hospital should begin next month.
Construction projects are always controversial.
Construction projects usually face many delays in Algeria.
Construction should start in October.
Construction site toppled by strong winds.
Construction started October 20, 2013.
Construction started in October.
Construction started on October 20, 2013.
Construction will begin in October.
Construction will probably last until the end of October.
Construction will start in October.
Construction will start in a few weeks.
Construction work on the new airport will begin in October.
Constructions more common to Biblical Hebrew are still not unheard of in Modern Hebrew, and the reverse is usually true as well.
Constructive criticism is always welcome.
Constructive feedback about the new design is very welcome.
Constructivism was born in Russia around 1920.
Construing his statement as support of the president's agenda is a bit of a stretch.
Consult a doctor before starting any new exercise program.
Consult a doctor.
Consult a lawyer if you need help.
Consult him.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help.
Consult with her.
Consult with him.
Consult your doctor.
Consult your pharmacist.
Consult your physician.
Consult your specialist.
Consulting a dictionary is not allowed during the exam.
Consulting his watch, Tom saw it was time for him to proceed to bed.
Consume barley, it's tasty and beneficial for health.
Consume bread with oil, it's good for health.
Consume earth!
Consume excrement and expire.
Consume figs with oil, it's very good for health.
Consume it all.
Consume magnesium-rich foods.
Consume smaller portions of foods and beverages.
Consume. Buy. Consume.
Consumer confidence has improved.
Consumer confidence is critical.
Consumer confidence is down.
Consumer confidence is plummeting.
Consumer confidence is up.
Consumer goods are becoming more expensive in Algeria.
Consumer groups reacted angrily.
Consumers are increasingly interested in where their food comes from.
Consumers are still getting fleeced by the banks.
Consumers need to be able to make informed choices about the food they buy.
Consumers will still eat that product as long as it’s cheap.
Consuming fewer processed foods and sugary snacks can benefit my long-term health.
Consuming figs in excess could cause loose stools.
Consuming less fuel is better for the environment.
Consumption and alcohol taxes are indirect and are paid together with the cost.
Consumption is the sole end and purpose of all production.
Consumption is tuberculosis.
Consumption of paper has increased.
Consumption of pornography can lead to body dissatisfaction and low self-esteem, as individuals compare themselves to unrealistic standards.
Consumption of pornography may lead to an unhealthy obsession with sexual fantasies, interfering with the ability to form meaningful connections with others.
Consumption tax is not included in the display price.
Contact Tom Jackson for details.
Contact Tom Jackson for further details.
Contact Tom Jackson for more information.
Contact Tom and Mary.
Contact Tom by phone.
Contact Tom for details.
Contact Tom when you come back.
Contact Tom.
Contact her if you have any questions.
Contact her.
Contact him.
Contact lenses are more able to correct strong astigmatism.
Contact lenses hurt my eyes.
Contact me at the above address.
Contact me at the address above.
Contact me at the address below.
Contact me by ordinary mail.
Contact me for more information.
Contact me if you have any questions.
Contact me immediately.
Contact me tomorrow.
Contact me tonight.
Contact my assistant if you have any questions.
Contact my secretary.
Contact my son.
Contact the appropriate customer service helpline if the device does not operate properly.
Contact the library.
Contact them by phone.
Contact them.
Contact us to check availability.
Contact us to learn more.
Contact with radioactive waste is unlikely to give you superpowers.
Contact your congressman.
Contact your local police if you have any information on Tom Jackson's whereabouts.
Contador won the maillot jaune in the Tour de France.
Contador won the yellow jersey in the Tour de France.
Containment is long.
Containment weighs us down.
Contaminants included arsenic, copper, cadmium, lead and other metals.
Conte has tired to keep up the spirits of Italians.
Contemplating the reason for existence means contemplating non-existing things.
Contemporaneously with this era, and following on through the seventeenth century, came the measurements of the earth by French geodesists, the construction of greater and greater telescopes and the wonderful discoveries with them.
Contemporaries said about him: â€œNo one before has ever navigated like Columbus does, and no one ever will.â€
Contemporaries said about him: “No one before has ever navigated like Columbus does, and no one ever will.”
Contemporary Persian poems haven’t been known in west world as well as ancient ones.
Contemporary brushes paint very poorly; I prefer the older ones.
Contemporary classical music is often very dissonant.
Contemporary politicians are incompetent.
Contemporary politicians are not so much incompetent as assholes.
Contemporary problems require a new approach.
Contempt is bad politics.
Content is king.
Content is the philosopher's stone, that turns all it touches into gold.
Content moderation at Tatoeba is kind of a joke.
Contentment enriches the poor. Discontentment impoverishes the rich.
Contentment is better than gold.
Contentment is better than wealth.
Contentment leads to stagnation.
Context clarifies the meaning of a word.
Context helps to define what is really meant.
Context is important for the right translation.
Context is important.
Context is needed.
Context is very important.
Context matters.
Continental shelves are often covered by young land-derived sediment.
Continents are a social construct.
Continents are social constructs.
Contingency plans in some countries include quarantining families when any family member contracts the disease.
Continual improvement of the organization's overall performance should be a permanent objective of the organization.
Continue being the awesome person that you are.
Continue digging.
Continue doing what you've been doing.
Continue living your life.
Continue meaningless acts without limit and a person would go insane.
Continue reading.
Continue stirring until the chocolate chips are mixed uniformly through the cookie dough.
Continue straight ahead.
Continue to do this in the future.
Continue to write until he tells you to stop.
Continue until the end of the platform.
Continue where you left off.
Continue without Tom.
Continue without me.
Continue working, or else we won't be ready today.
Continue working.
Continue your analysis.
Continue your countdown.
Continue your education.
Continue your investigations.
Continue your story.
Continue!
Continued coastal development coupled with the anticipated rise in sea levels could drown the wetlands according to report co-author Robert Twilley, professor in the Department of Oceanography and Coastal Science at Louisiana State University.
Continued fighting within the new nation is disrupting what remains of the economy.
Continued incompliance with written norms will result in fines greater than the current minimum monthly salary.
Continuing this argument won't get us anywhere.
Continuing to eat while I talk will only intensify my disapproval.
Continuing upward, now very high in the south, are two bright stars, side by side, none other than the famous Gemini twins, Pollux and Castor.
Continuing volatility is a safe bet in today's market.
Continuity errors can ruin a show's immersive experience.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Continuous practice allows for the retention of grammar rules, sentence structures, and idiomatic expressions.
Continuous rain was forecast for this afternoon.
Contraband may be confiscated.
Contraception is cheaper than pregnancy.
Contract of partnership between [Company 1] and [Company 2].
Contractions are not required in English.
Contractions are required in French.
Contractions began.
Contractions seems to be a slippery slope towards illiteracy.
Contracts have already been negotiated.
Contradiction is always a sign of recognition.
Contradiction is truth!
Contradictions are part of reality.
Contrails are long, narrow, ice-crystal clouds that form behind jet planes flying at high altitudes in below-freezing temperatures. They result from the condensation of water vapor remaining in jet exhaust.
Contrarians are often very upright people.
Contrary to Newton's public image, most of his work was not devoted to science but rather to theology, mysticism and alchemy.
Contrary to all expectations, I scored well on the test.
Contrary to decades of fearmongering over the dangers of cities, city dwellers tend to live longer than people in small towns.
Contrary to expectations, he was on time.
Contrary to expectations, they won with ease.
Contrary to machismo stands feminism, which aims to eliminate the inequality between the sexes.
Contrary to my expectations, he was there.
Contrary to my expectations, she was there.
Contrary to my expectations, they were actually quite unpatriotic and irreverent.
Contrary to other Slavic languages, Polish retained native forms of medical terms.
Contrary to popular belief and the propaganda of villainous oligarchs, there's plenty of space on earth for all of us.
Contrary to popular belief, Tom isn't that naive.
Contrary to popular belief, urinating on a jellyfish sting will do very little to help.
Contrary to popular legend, the four letters on the dreidel stand for the Yiddish words "gants" (all), "halb" (half), "shtel ayn" (put in), and "nisht" (not).
Contrary to popular opinion, Linux is not difficult to use, and in fact, has a graphical interface much like Windows.
Contrary to popular opinion, hair and fingernails do not continue to grow after death.
Contrary to stereotype, not every whale is big. That's according to our onboard naturalist.
Contrary to the claims of politically opportunistic representatives, so-called "cyberwarfare" never causes anyone actual bodily harm.
Contrary to what many people think, during the Middle Ages most people believed that the world was spherical, not flat.
Contrary to what some people believe, Algeria isn't a fragmented nation.
Contrary to what you might think, I can take care of myself just fine.
Contrast this with, say, Zeus in Greek mythology—powerful, but flawed and contingent—or the Judeo-Christian God, who’s absolute and uncreated. Extraterrestrials might land closer to Zeus than Yahweh: impressive, but not the bedrock of existence. Still, if they seeded life on Earth (a panspermia twist), some might argue they’re "creator gods" in a limited sense—though that’s more like being master gardeners than omnipotent deities.
Contrasting the goals of the Soviet science with the goals of the science controlled by the Americal imperialists, Soviet biology scientists say: “Biology is a life science, but American biologists turn it into a death science, a science that deals with the better and faster destruction of all the living things on earth.”
Contribute to Tatoeba.
Contribute to Wiktionary.
Contributing political text to a linguistic corpus is for the purpose of showing how said text is rendered in different languages.
Contributing queer text to a linguistic corpus is for the purpose of comparing it to queer text in other languages.
Contributing to Tatoeba is easy and fun.
Contributing to Tatoeba is not an expensive hobby.
Contributing to society is a win-win for everyone evolve.
Contributing to the erosion of languages over time are discriminatory policies that seek to stamp out cultural and linguistic diversity.
Contributions are encouraged.
Contributors can also remain anonymous.
Contributors from many countries, languages and cultures speak the language Esperanto in addition to their mother tongue and one or more other languages.
Contributors record voice clips by reading from a bank of donated sentences.
Contributors should add sentences that are respectful of others.
Contributors should avoid personal attacks.
Contributors should be civil and respectful.
Control freaks usually make people around them very unhappy.
Control her.
Control is everything.
Control of the social media has become more difficult.
Control oil and you control nations; control food and you control people.
Control or supervision of Bangladesh Bank has failed.
Control your appetite, because if you don't, you would become enormous.
Control your emotions.
Control your fear.
Control your kids.
Control your temper.
Control yourself!
Control yourself.
Control yourself. Don't get excited.
Control yourselves.
Controlled Access Zone: No entry without permission.
Controlled breathing not only keeps the mind and body functioning at their best, it can also lower blood pressure, promote feelings of calm and relaxation and help us de-stress.
Controlling men have no true sense of worth. Anger is their outlet. Manipulation is their tool. They cling to what they can not control, what they can not and should not have.
Controlling my emotions is not my forte.
Controlling partners serve as a filter for the outside world, gradually forcing their victims to lose the support of family, friends, and coworkers. Isolated and controlled in this way, victims lose self-esteem and have trouble remembering what they once thought, felt, and believed.
Controlling pollution would help us address many other problems.
Controlling your “monkey mind” is the key to your happiness.
Convenience is still a driving factor when it comes to breakfast.
Convenience stores and supermarkets can sell medicine since 2009.
Convenience stores are more expensive than supermarkets.
Convenience stores sell candy bars.
Conventional oil is cheaper.
Conventional people are roused to fury by departures from convention, largely because they regard such departures as a criticism of themselves.
Conventional wisdom is that this will work; however, it won't.
Conventional wisdom says you shouldn't text and drive, but I say you only live once.
Converging series of numbers are finite.
Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Conversation between two people presupposes four attentive ears.
Conversation is important.
Conversation is the art of speaking without thinking.
Conversations about my past feel like stories of someone else.
Conversations about race tend to devolve into a shouting match.
Conversations are like cherries: they come one after another.
Conversations are tense because of your jealousy.
Conversations between people who've had, or are having, struggles in life are deep and interesting.
Conversations can be based on reactions.
Conversations can shift from deep to superficial.
Conversations encourage children to express themselves.
Conversations often revolve around her success.
Conversations with him often feel one-sided.
Conversations with the management, reports and such should be very freely interpreted into normal language.
Conversely, hard-pressed refugees talk of discrimination, exploitation by landlords and even greater abuses flowing from local resentment.
Conversely, police and security officials say even when cameras do not always prevent crimes, they can be deterrents and aid in catching those who commit them.
Conversion therapy has been proven both ineffective and psychologically damaging.
Conversion therapy is torture.
Conversion therapy killed Leelah Alcorn.
Conversion therapy kills.
Conversion to solar energy continues to gain steam.
Conversion to the metric system was opposed by tool manufacturers.
Conversion was peaceful and gradual.
Convert another file.
Convert the amounts in grams to moles.
Convert the following common fractions to decimals.
Convert the following fractions to decimals.
Convert to Islam and you're gonna feel better.
Converting to Islam is the best thing I've ever done.
Converting to Islam means learning a new way of life.
Converting to Islam was the best experience in my life.
Converting to Islam was wonderful.
Converting to Judaism also means joining the Jewish people.
Converting, rather than building from the ground up, can simplify the approval process.
Converts to Judaism are in some ways analogous to naturalized citizens of a country, as they have joined a new nation.
Converts to Judaism join a people, not just a religion.
Convey my respects to your parents.
Conveyor belts take the eggs directly to the packing area.
Convicted of conspiracy to commit murder, Yanni was sentenced to life.
Convicted of murder, Yanni was given a life sentence.
Convicted of murder, Yanni was given life.
Convicting a mother-to-be is too much for the jury.
Convictions are prisons.
Convince Tom to help you.
Convinced because of his baldness that he couldn't attract women, Tom failed to notice that Mary was eyeing him up.
Convinced that some tragedy had occurred, the coachman rushed to the door and strove to force it, while scream after scream issued from within.
Convincing Tom to do the right thing was hard.
Convincing Tom was difficult.
Convincing Tom will be difficult.
Convincing him is very hard.
Convocation was supposed to be a fun all-day event to get us new students acquainted with the university, but it really just felt like a ceremonial waste of time.
Convulsion followed convulsion, till they closed in death, without her being able to utter a word explanatory of the fatal scene.
Convulsions can occur when they run a fever.
Cooee! Can you hear me?
Cook 2 Japanese cups of rice.
Cook 300 grams of rice.
Cook about 12 ounces of rice.
Cook about one and a half cup of rice.
Cook for me.
Cook me something to eat.
Cook the mushrooms for about three minutes and then add the washed and finely chopped parsley.
Cook the peeled and chopped potatoes for 20 minutes in boiling water.
Cook the potatoes!
Cook the rice.
Cook the soup in the house.
Cook us a bit of couscous.
Cook with the heart and you will taste love.
Cook your own food and you'll eat better.
Cookbooks sell well.
Cooked carrots are even healthier than raw ones.
Cooked meat is still meat.
Cooked rice, macaroni, spaghetti, or vermicelli may be added to tomato bouillon to provide an additional quantity of nutrition and vary the plain soup.
Cookie already ate.
Cookie always comes and says hi to me when I wake up.
Cookie always looks like she's smiling.
Cookie bit me.
Cookie brushed his tail against Tom's leg.
Cookie came and cuddled with me.
Cookie came and sat between us.
Cookie cried the whole time Tom was away.
Cookie curled up between Tom and Mary, touching them.
Cookie curled up between Tom's legs.
Cookie curled up between my legs.
Cookie curled up in Tom's lap.
Cookie curled up in between us.
Cookie demands attention.
Cookie didn't come back last night.
Cookie disappeared without a trace.
Cookie doesn't even know what an election is.
Cookie doesn't like it when people do that.
Cookie doesn't like it when you grab her toe beans.
Cookie doesn't like kisses.
Cookie doesn't usually like to be pet, but when he sees another dog being pet, he suddenly becomes jealous.
Cookie dropped the mouse on Tom to wake him up.
Cookie dug his claws into the couch.
Cookie fell asleep in my lap.
Cookie followed Tom wherever he went.
Cookie gets jealous when you pet other dogs.
Cookie got excited when he heard the word "treat."
Cookie got in a fight with another cat.
Cookie got really excited when Tom opened the back door of his car.
Cookie growled.
Cookie had four kittens, and Mittens is the one we kept.
Cookie has a droopy face.
Cookie has a tick on her forehead.
Cookie has become a vicious beast.
Cookie has decided it's snuggle time.
Cookie has food in his bowl.
Cookie has gone berserk and is killing townspeople.
Cookie has the most adorable meow.
Cookie hated his owner.
Cookie headbutted Tom.
Cookie hissed.
Cookie howled from the living room.
Cookie is 15.
Cookie is Tom's dog.
Cookie is Tom's guide dog.
Cookie is Tom's seeing-eye dog.
Cookie is Tom's service dog.
Cookie is a Boxer.
Cookie is a St. Bernard.
Cookie is a big dog.
Cookie is a black cat with a white tuft of fur between two of her toes.
Cookie is a black feral cat with no tail.
Cookie is a chatty cat.
Cookie is a cute dog who barks a lot.
Cookie is a dog.
Cookie is a golden retriever.
Cookie is a good dog, but he wears you out quick.
Cookie is a good name for a dog.
Cookie is a good name for a hamster.
Cookie is a good name for a small dog.
Cookie is a hamster.
Cookie is a long-haired cat.
Cookie is a mongrel.
Cookie is a mutt.
Cookie is a photogenic cat.
Cookie is a pretty cat.
Cookie is a short-haired cat.
Cookie is a smart dog.
Cookie is a therapy dog.
Cookie is a transspeciesed dog.
Cookie is a very friendly dog.
Cookie is a very fun cat.
Cookie is all wet and dirty from running around in the rain, and he smells terrible.
Cookie is always hungry.
Cookie is an old cat.
Cookie is an old dog.
Cookie is an old kitty.
Cookie is an old pup.
Cookie is drinking.
Cookie is lying on my chest.
Cookie is my dog.
Cookie is my favorite cat.
Cookie is my favorite dog ever.
Cookie is named after a dog we once had.
Cookie is neglected.
Cookie is on his ninth life.
Cookie is one stinky dog.
Cookie is our oldest cat.
Cookie is our oldest cat. He's named after a dog we once had.
Cookie is out of control.
Cookie is purring loudly.
Cookie is sleeping at the end of the bed.
Cookie is sleeping in an inconvenient spot.
Cookie is sleeping on my stomach.
Cookie is stretched out on my desk.
Cookie is ten years younger than Kate.
Cookie is the best dog I've ever had.
Cookie is the cutest of all the dogs.
Cookie is the funniest cat.
Cookie is under 5 years old.
Cookie is under the table.
Cookie is upset that people don't pay more attention to her.
Cookie is younger than Kate by ten years.
Cookie isn't my pet cat; I'm Cookie's pet human.
Cookie isn't such a good name for a dog.
Cookie jumped over Kate.
Cookie just wanted a belly rub.
Cookie keeps making weird noises.
Cookie keeps peeing on my bed.
Cookie kept rubbing his face on Tom's hand while he was trying to write.
Cookie killed Tom.
Cookie killed the mayor.
Cookie knocked the vase off the table.
Cookie lay down on the arm of my chair.
Cookie let me pet him.
Cookie let out a long, loud squeak.
Cookie licked Mary in return.
Cookie licked Mary's nose.
Cookie licked Tom's face.
Cookie licked Tom's nose.
Cookie licked my face and smudged my glasses.
Cookie likes adventure stories.
Cookie likes eating cookies.
Cookie likes him, so he's probably a good guy.
Cookie likes it when you scratch behind his ears.
Cookie likes to touch noses with me.
Cookie likes you.
Cookie loves being scratched.
Cookie may need a flea bath.
Cookie meowed angrily at Tom for coughing loudly.
Cookie meowed, and I meowed back.
Cookie meowed.
Cookie meows a lot.
Cookie needs a bath.
Cookie needs a walk.
Cookie needs to go out.
Cookie never plays with the toys I buy him.
Cookie never uses the exercise wheel.
Cookie never warms up to anyone this quickly.
Cookie only speaks a little bit of English.
Cookie pooped in the kitchen.
Cookie pooped in the living room.
Cookie pranced across the room meowing.
Cookie ran on his exercise wheel.
Cookie really likes you.
Cookie refused to eat the spam.
Cookie rolled around the room in his hamster ball.
Cookie scratched Tom in the face when he called him "kitty".
Cookie scratched Tom.
Cookie searched for something, but our dog literally barked up the wrong tree.
Cookie sleeps on me at night.
Cookie sleeps with me.
Cookie slept on my feet.
Cookie smells like a dog, which makes sense, since he is one.
Cookie smells.
Cookie sniffed around Tom's mouth.
Cookie spends a lot of time around Tom.
Cookie spends most of his day in that exact spot.
Cookie spilled your water on my computer.
Cookie started barking and the other dogs joined her.
Cookie started barking, and soon after all the other dogs started barking.
Cookie stood at the door and whimpered, but when Tom got up to let him out, Cookie stole Tom's seat.
Cookie stood in the living room and howled.
Cookie stuck his butt in my face again.
Cookie sure is a chatty cat.
Cookie thinks he's the alpha dog.
Cookie took my seat.
Cookie tracked mud all over the bed.
Cookie turned over in his sleep.
Cookie wagged his tail and barked.
Cookie wags his tail when he sees me.
Cookie wants in.
Cookie was a good cat.
Cookie was a good dog.
Cookie was a very gentle dog.
Cookie was chased by a skeleton dog.
Cookie was happy to see Mary.
Cookie was raised by Kate.
Cookie was raised by Tom.
Cookie was running on his hamster wheel.
Cookie was sleeping on me when I woke up.
Cookie was the best dog in the world.
Cookie went apeshit.
Cookie whimpered in pain.
Cookie will always be with me.
Cookie would be a good name for a cat.
Cookie wouldn't let Tom have the ball.
Cookie yelled at me for moving my foot when he was lying on it.
Cookie! Get out of there!
Cookie! No!
Cookie's a big dog, so the stick I throw him is more like a small log.
Cookie's a good boy.
Cookie's a good cat.
Cookie's a good dog.
Cookie's a good doggo.
Cookie's a good doggy.
Cookie's a good horse.
Cookie's a good pupper.
Cookie's a heckin' chonker.
Cookie's birth assigned species is cat, but he identifies as and acts like a dog.
Cookie's breath was redolent of fish.
Cookie's fifteen, so she's an old dog.
Cookie's fifteen, so she's losing her hearing.
Cookie's fifteen, which for a cat means she's a senior citizen.
Cookie's house is a laid barrel.
Cookie's house is made of wood.
Cookie's house is under repair.
Cookie's incessant meowing was pushing Tom to his limits.
Cookie's litter box needs to be changed out.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
Cookie's nose is cold and wet.
Cookie's trained to use the toilet.
Cookie, I don't think we're in Boston anymore.
Cookie, get away from your sister! You know what "hiss" means. You're a native speaker.
Cookie, leave your sister alone.
Cookie, sit! Paw! Down! Roll over! Good girl!
Cookie, stop being so cute!
Cookie, want to go outside?
Cookie, why are you so cute?
Cookie, you wanna go outside?
Cookiecutter sharks have photophores that fool predators into thinking that they are smaller fish.
Cookies and cream is my favorite flavor of ice cream.
Cookies and milk are the perfect combo.
Cookies are delicious.
Cookies aren't food.
Cookies may contain nuts or peanuts, even if not included in the ingredient list.
Cookie’s house is made of wood.
Cookie’s house is under repair.
Cookie’s mother died of cancer.
Cooking at home is healthier than eating out at a restaurant.
Cooking crabs is fairly easy. But eating them can be a challenge. The shells are still very hard. Some people use special tools called crackers and mallets to crack the shells and reach the meat. Other use their hands, breaking at weak points of the shell. Either way, it is a messy meal that usually leaves the eaters covered in shell, bits of meat and lots of red seasoning.
Cooking is a science.
Cooking is also an art.
Cooking is an art.
Cooking is creative.
Cooking is fun.
Cooking is her delight.
Cooking is interesting.
Cooking is my secret passion.
Cooking is one of my hobbies.
Cooking isn't one of her skills.
Cooking isn't one of his skills.
Cooking isn't something Tom is good at.
Cooking isn't something that Tom is good at.
Cooking new recipes lets me experiment with flavors.
Cooking over a campfire is one of the things I like about camping.
Cooking over a campfire isn't as easy as cooking at home.
Cooking pasta is easy.
Cooking results depend on the quality of ingredients used.
Cooking runs in my family.
Cooking takes too much time.
Cooking takes up too much time.
Cooking vegetables makes them more digestible.
Cooking with love makes food taste better.
Cooking's one of my strong suits.
Cooking’s one of my strong suits.
Cooks and waiting staff are wanted everywhere now.
Cooks are dicing onions, stirring sausage, slicing tuna in slender chunks, their work spare and clean.
Cooks make food.
Cool Autumn arrived.
Cool air blows gently.
Cool beans, later mate.
Cool beans.
Cool cloudy morning, hot sunny afternoon, it was for today, this 18th of July of 2025, here on Lulu Island. It was rather hot, but there was a slight breeze, so that I could flap my arms through it. I walked several times to Tim Hortons café for drinks and a steak sandwich. At home, there was much fish with rice. On the way to the café, I keep noticing what looks like a very tall European Mountain Ash tree, with bunches of orange berry-like fruits. At the café, there were a Hispanic mother and son. The mother said in Spanish to him, "Eres gay." 
"Te quiero" he mumbled. He was muscular with a stocky build, a good-looking mestizo with Amerindian blood. I whispered in Portuguese, "Sou um pardo..." Before 4 PM, I walked to the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road. On the way, I saw the Bamboo Grove. Rotting rose leaves, rotting fig leaves, and rotting apples littered the compost beside it. At the near-empty grand nave, at the left front, was a group of Cantonese chanters. Maybe, they were not just Cantonese, but some were Hokkien. The list of donors to the building of the modern-looking church included many Cantonese, as well as Hokkien from the Philippines. I was sitting at the back of the nave. Today was my 71st time to the church this "Krismas" year of 2025. I love Science, though I'm a spiritual Syncretist.
Cool down and think it over again.
Cool down.
Cool earings!
Cool fall is here.
Cool guys don't look at explosions.
Cool it down.
Cool it.
Cool off!
Cool slightly before serving.
Cool song, bro.
Cool story, bro.
Cool story, tell it again.
Cool story.
Cool tattoo!
Cool the burned finger in running water.
Cool weather keeps mosquitoes away.
Cool word! I'll have to remember it.
Cool your burnt fingers under running water.
Cool!
Cool! An owl!
Cool, that'll work.
Cool.
Coolidge won the 1924 election easily.
Cooped up in their homes for a second week, Italians are wondering how many more times the bells will toll sounare a morto.
Cooper is having trouble coping today.
Cooper pairs are electron pairs formed in superconductors.
Cooper says butterflies are known for their beauty and watching them can inspire a sense of freedom and free spiritedness. Cooper says working at the conservatory is a pleasure.
Cooperate with your friends in doing the work.
Cooperation is more effective than competition.
Cooperation is necessary for success.
Cooperation with China will lead Algeria to prosperity.
Coordination is extremely valuable.
Copenhagen is Denmark's capital.
Copenhagen is a bike-friendly city.
Copenhagen is one of the best cities in the world to live in.
Copenhagen is one of the best cities to live in.
Copenhagen is one of the world's most liveable cities.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
Copernicus became a symbol, that of heliocentrism.
Copernicus believed the Earth and other planets moved around the Sun.
Copernicus felt that Ptolemy's theory was incorrect. Sometime between 1507 and 1515, he first circulated the principles of his heliocentric or Sun-centered astronomy.
Copernicus proposed the idea that the Earth travels around the Sun.
Copernicus studied law and medicine at the universities of Bologna, Padua, and Ferrara in Italy.
Copernicus studied mathematics and astronomy at the University of Krakow.
Copernicus studied medical astrology while at the University of Padua.
Copernicus studied medicine at the university of Padua.
Copernicus taught that the earth moves around the sun.
Copernicus turned from a person into a personification.
Copernicus was born in Toruń.
Copernicus worked at many different jobs. He was a doctor, lawyer, author, judge and tax collector.
Copernicus wrote all of his ideas in a book called On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres.
Copied.
Copier!
Coping with the vagaries of the weather is part and parcel of being a farmer.
Copley said that by studying the deep-sea vents and their animal colonies, scientists can better understand how marine life disperses and evolves in the deep ocean. He noted that in the coming years, the ecosystem will see an increasing human presence, in the form of deep-sea fishing, oil and gas extraction and mining operations.
Copper River salmon are the first fresh Alaska salmon to hit the market each year.
Copper and silver are both metals.
Copper conducts an electric current well.
Copper conducts electrical current well.
Copper conducts electricity well.
Copper is Chile's top export and provides 20% of government revenue.
Copper is a chemical element with symbol Cu.
Copper is a metal.
Copper is both ductile and conductive, making it ideal for electrical wiring.
Copper is the name for the element with atomic number 29 and is represented by the symbol Cu. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Copper plays an important role in nerve conduction, bone growth and hormone secretion.
Coprophagia is common in dogs.
Cops are asking me questions.
Cops are everywhere.
Cops are opening an investigation.
Cops aren't supposed to kill guilty people, either.
Cops came to Miroslav’s house.
Cops came with guns drawn, as I was talking to the owner on the phone.
Cops can already do that.
Cops can't be everywhere.
Cops can't question him because of that.
Cops don't protect us. We protect us.
Cops have a code of silence that they need to observe.
Cops kill a lot of dogs.
Cops lie.
Cops love doughnuts.
Cops seemed clueless on the matter.
Cops surrounded the house.
Cops usually suck.
Cops were called.
Cops were coming for Gustavo.
Cops were looking for a guy named Miroslav.
Coptic and the Chadic languages are probably the closest living languages to Berber.
Copy and paste it.
Copy that.
Copy the file from your hard drive to my USB stick.
Copy this file.
Copy this film for yourself.
Copy this page in your notebook.
Copy this page into your notebook!
Copy this program on your computer.
Copy this, please.
Copy what's on the blackboard into your notebook.
Copy what's on the blackboard.
Copy what's on the board into your exercise book.
Copy-and-paste is very useful.
Copy. I read you. Over and out.
Copycat!
Copying is bad.
Copying is not theft.
Copying other people's habit of smoking is just plain dumb.
Copyright infringement is against the law.
Copyright is a type of intellectual property.
Copyright is theft.
Copyright isn't legitimate.
Copyright laws stifle creativity.
Copyright only exists if you want it to.
Copyright owners have the right to control derivative works.
Copyright tip #1: Copyright protects the particular way authors have expressed themselves. It does not extend to any ideas, systems, or factual information conveyed in a work.
Copyright tip #2: The US copyright law lists purposes for which reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair - purposes like criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching and research.
Copyright tip #3: The US copyright law lists factors to be considered in determining whether or not a particular use is fair: 1) Commercial or nonprofit purpose; 2) The amount of work used; 3) The effect of use on the potential market.
Copyright tip #4: The safest course is always to get permission from the copyright owner. Acknowledging the source of the copyrighted material does not substitute for obtaining permission.
Copyright tip #5: The distinction between fair use and infringement may be unclear. Don't take any risk, consult an attorney.
Coral bleaching does not immediately kill corals. They have the potential to recover if temperatures drop back below stressful levels and remain there for a long period of time—with no new shocks.
Coral bleaching occurs when corals become heat-stressed enough to expel their primary source of food, the microalgae that live inside their cells. This leaves the coral looking as white as if they had been soaking in bleach.
Coral reefs are essential for coastal protection, and for the food security and economic wellbeing of millions of people around the world. They are an important source of protein, a potential source of pharmaceuticals, and as Lauretta Burke of the World Resources Institute points out, a valuable tourist attraction.
Coral reefs are home to millions of species.
Coral reefs are some of the most amazing natural habitats on Earth.
Coral reefs are threatened by climate change.
Coral reefs are very sensitive to light and temperature. If the water they live in gets too hot, they might not survive.
Coral reefs are vital ecosystems that provide shelter and food for marine life.
Coral reefs attract a variety of beautiful marine life.
Coral reefs teem with life.
Coral, a sessile animal, relies on its relationship with plant-like algae to build the largest structures of biological origin on Earth.
Corals are a beautiful and important part of our ocean.
Corals are animals because they do not make their own food, as plants do. Corals have tiny, tentacle-like arms that they use to capture their food from the water and sweep into their inscrutable mouths.
Corals are sessile animals that "take root" on the ocean floor. It's no wonder that many people think corals are plants!
Corals are sessile, which means that they permanently attach themselves to the ocean floor, essentially "taking root" like most plants do.
Corals can live for thousands of years.
Cordite is a smokeless powder of the British Services.
Cordova is a city in southern Spain.
Corduroy is a thick cotton fabric with velvety ribs.
Core and peel six apples and cook in one and one-half cups of sugar and two cups of water.
Corina is at home, while Maria is at school.
Cork is the only tree that regenerates its bark.
Corks popping are the happiest sound of all.
Cormorants are waterbirds.
Corn can be used in many dishes.
Corn chips are great for dipping.
Corn chowder warms on a cold day.
Corn cobs can be used to kindle a fire.
Corn flakes and milk certainly go well together.
Corn grows a lot in the summer.
Corn is a cereal.
Corn is a key component of tortillas.
Corn is a major crop in the Midwest.
Corn is a primary livestock feed.
Corn is a species of grass.
Corn is a versatile grain.
Corn is a-maize-ing.
Corn is abundant in the Midwest.
Corn is an important crop in the United States.
Corn is the main ingredient of this salad.
Corn is the most highly subsidized crop in America.
Corn is the most highly subsidized crop in the United States.
Corn muffins are a breakfast favorite.
Corn on the cob is a summer delight.
Corn on the grill is delicious.
Corn pancakes are part of traditional peasant cuisine.
Corn snakes are very easygoing.
Corn soup is comforting in winter.
Corn starch gives the white sauce its consistency.
Corn starch is good for thickening soup.
Corn tortillas are great for tacos.
Corn was domesticated in North America.
Corn was planted in the field.
Corn yields in the U.S. have increased fivefold over the past seventy years, thanks to advances in agricultural technology.
Corn... ah... is the plant containing edible portions.
Cornbread goes well in cupcake pans.
Corncockle is a weed.
Cornelius Gurlitt had hidden 1400 works of art stolen by the Nazis in his apartment.
Cornelius got his green belt today!
Cornered prey is the most dangerous kind.
Cornering him in an argument is easy - like taking candy from a baby.
Cornering him in an argument is easy—like taking candy from a baby.
Cornfields stretch across the landscape.
Cornfields sway in the breeze.
Cornflour is good for thickening soup.
Cornish cows create crumbly cowpats.
Cornish is a disappointing language in respect of swearwords, for it is by no means rich in those “ornaments to conversation.”
Cornish is similar to Welsh, and is closer still to Breton, a language which derives from that of the ancient Britons who, during the early Middle Ages, migrated across to today's Brittany on the French mainland.
Cornish, Welsh and Breton are Celtic languages.
Cornrows is a hairstyle popular among the people with thick curly hair.
Cornstarch is good for thickening soup.
Cornucopians treat natural resources as having an ever-abundant supply, like the cornucopia of Greek legend.
Cornwall is a Celtic country.
Cornwall is called "Kernow" in Cornish.
Cornwall is the south-westernmost county of the British mainland.
Coronavirus cases in Greece tripled in recent days when travelers who had returned from a pilgrimage to Israel and Egypt were detected with the virus.
Coronavirus caused me to stay in the hospital for three weeks.
Coronavirus doesn’t exist.
Coronavirus has demonstrated that the most essential jobs are the ones that are paid the least.
Coronavirus has destabilised everything.
Coronavirus infections are spreading fast in Europe and the US.
Coronavirus information hotlines have been jammed by frightened people desperate for information.
Coronavirus is dangerous to old and sick people.
Coronavirus is everywhere.
Coronavirus is nearly indistinguishable from flu.
Coronavirus spreads more slowly than an ordinary flu.
Coronavirus transmission was believed to have occurred from bats to civets and pangolins, whose scales are highly valued in traditional Chinese medicine.
Corpora for medieval languages tend to contain little beyond religious and political texts.
Corpora provide a rich resource for investigating language.
Corporal punishment is forbidden in Sweden.
Corporal punishment is now prohibited in schools.
Corporal punishment is still allowed in many countries.
Corporate America is back.
Corporate bankruptcies continued at a high level last month.
Corporate bankruptcies transitioned to a high level last month.
Corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate.
Corporate earnings for the first quarter were disappointing.
Corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply.
Corporate governance and accountability are being strengthened.
Corporate interests are to the public as lions are to gazelles.
Corporate interests have as much business in government as foxes do in hen houses.
Corporate political donations are coming under heavy scrutiny.
Corporate results deteriorated because of recession.
Corporate results in Japan have improved.
Corporations are competing to fill the vacuum.
Corporations are downsizing and reducing the amount of profits they put back into R&D.
Corporations are legal constructs.
Corporations are not people.
Corporations aren't people.
Corporations consider themselves above the law.
Corporations don't have rights.
Correct English should be how people actually speak, not some academic's idealized version of the language.
Correct any errors.
Correct errors, if any.
Correct errors.
Correct her.
Correct him.
Correct it, as in example 1.2.
Correct it, please.
Correct it.
Correct me if I am mistaken.
Correct me if I am wrong.
Correct me if I make any mistakes!
Correct me if I make mistakes, please.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't you say you'd never done that?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but shouldn't you be helping Tom right now?
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Correct mistakes, if found.
Correct my pronunciation if it's wrong.
Correct my spelling if it's wrong.
Correct my spelling if it’s wrong.
Correct the errors if there are any.
Correct the errors, if there are any.
Correct the following sentences.
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg.
Correct the mistakes you made in your writings.
Correct the mistakes, if there are any.
Correct the mistakes.
Correct the underlined words.
Correct them.
Correct this sentence.
Correct your course!
Correct your mistake.
Correct your mistakes.
Correct your sentences.
Correct!
Correct, one has a stomachache, the other has a headache.
Correct.
Correct?
Correctamundo!
Correcting is sometimes harder than writing.
Correcting one another, we will all improve our Esperanto.
Correcting this mistake may take a while.
Correction. It's the inverse.
Correlation does not equal causation.
Correlation does not imply causation.
Correlation doesn't equal causality.
Correlation doesn't equal causation.
Correlation doesn't imply causation.
Correlation is not causation.
Correlations such p<0.05 were considered statistically significant.
Correspondence conducted in VolapÃ¼k.
Correspondence conducted in Volapük.
Correspondence is two-way written communication.
Corresponding squares are squares of reciprocal zugzwang.
Corridors should be no less than two meters wide.
Corrugated cardboard is recyclable in the designated bin.
Corrupt courts are biasing the public mind.
Corrupt judges and politicians should be given the maximum sentence.
Corrupt politicians have been bleeding Algeria dry.
Corruption and red tape continue to permeate the business environment.
Corruption and weak rule of law remain significant problems.
Corruption at the government level is a disgrace to democracy.
Corruption at the government level is an affront to democracy.
Corruption continues to be a big problem in Algeria.
Corruption drains $148 billion annually from Africa, according to the African Union.
Corruption exists in Algeria.
Corruption has become endemic in Algeria.
Corruption has exhausted Algeria's central bank.
Corruption has penetrated everything in Algeria.
Corruption has plagued Algeria since the country's independence.
Corruption has ruined Algeria's economy.
Corruption is Algeria's main obstacle.
Corruption is a big issue in Algeria.
Corruption is a big problem in Algeria.
Corruption is a crime.
Corruption is a major problem in Algeria.
Corruption is a problem in many countries around the world.
Corruption is a serious problem in many countries around the world.
Corruption is bankrupting Algeria.
Corruption is destroying Algeria.
Corruption is negatively impacting every sector in Algeria.
Corruption is one of Algeria's biggest problems.
Corruption is one of Algeria's greatest problems.
Corruption is prevalent in Algeria.
Corruption is still common.
Corruption is suffocating the development of Algeria.
Corruption is very high in Algeria.
Corruption is wrong.
Corruption isn't very hard to observe in Algeria.
Corruption needs to be eradicated from Algeria.
Corruption of politics has nothing to do with the morals, or the laxity of morals, of various political personalities. Its cause is altogether a material one.
Corruption plagues Algeria.
Corruption remains a big problem in Algeria.
Corruption riddles the Algerian government.
Corruption was a problem.
Corsairfly is an airline based in Paris.
Corsica has some very picturesque landscapes.
Corsica is a French island.
Corsica is an island. Corsica and Sicily are islands.
Corsica, Sardinia and Sicily are islands.
Cortana appears next to the Start button on the taskbar.
Corundum comes in all colors of the rainbow.
Corundum is a form of aluminum oxide.
Cosby's argument concerns the reliability of the Hette Manuscript.
Cosby’s argument concerns the reliability of the Hette Manuscript.
Cosmetic stem cell therapy is in the early stages of development.
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.
Cosmetics company heir and art collector Leonard Lauder is donating his $1 billion Cubist art collection to New York City's famed Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Cosmic microwave background radiation is heat left over from the Big Bang and found throughout the universe.
Cosmic radiation during a solar minimum can reactivate viruses from their dormancy.
Cosmic rays are a form of fast-moving, high-energy radiation that emanates from the sun or from sources light years away from our solar system.
Cosmic rays come from beyond our own solar system.
Cosmoglotta is a journal in Interlingue.
Cosmology is a branch of science which studies the evolution of our universe.
Cosmonauts Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Tyurin left the station on a three-hour spacewalk and found that the obstruction around the docking port for the Progress rocket was a rubber gasket.
Cosmonauts wear spacesuits.
Cosmos is the antithesis of chaos.
Cosplay is stupid.
Cossack glory has long been glorious.
Cost estimates have been refined.
Cost hasn't been an issue.
Cost is a bigger issue.
Cost is a definite factor in making our decision.
Cost is also a factor.
Cost what it may.
Costa Rica is a middle-income country.
Costa Rica is known as the Switzerland of Latin America.
Costa Rica is one of the most biodiverse places on the planet.
Costa Rica's impressive biodiversity also makes it a key destination for ecotourism.
Costa is working to protect farmers from a fungal disease called wheat scab that infected half the crop last year.
Coster, costermonger, or costard is a street seller of fruit and vegetables, in London and other British towns.
Costs are expected to rise.
Costs are rising too fast.
Costs of financial services are rising in every country.
Costs were through the roof.
Cottage cheese and canned peaches are a delicious combination.
Cottage cheese is my favorite food.
Cottagers are in the middle of a busy season.
Cottagers formed his only patients, and his Wessex-wide repute was among them alone.
Cotton absorbs water.
Cotton candy is usually sold and made at funfairs.
Cotton is a natural fabric.
Cotton may have been used in India as long ago as 3500 BC, and in Peru as long ago as 3000 BC.
Cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching her own face.
Cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching his own face.
Cotton ranks among the world's most important crops.
Cotton sucks up water.
Cotton underwear can help with breathability.
Cotton was the most important cash crop in the American south.
Cotula has also studied other business models that involve collaboration with smallholders, including tenant farming and sharecropping.
CouchSurfing is like speaking Esperanto, it's a dream coming true: the global village.
CouchSurfing is like speaking Esperanto, it’s a dream coming true: the global village.
Couffe notes about two-thirds of natural wetlands are vanishing because of factors including agriculture, drainage, and mining for fuel. That, she says, results in the release of massive amounts of carbon.
Cougars are gorgeous animals.
Cougars are powerful animals.
Cougars can attack humans.
Cougars can be extremely aggressive.
Cougars purr just like our cats at home.
Cougars — also known as mountain lions, pumas and panthers — were once the top predator in the forests of eastern North America, but they were wiped out by the early 1900s due to habitat destruction, hunting and loss of their primary prey, deer. The last confirmed sighting of the big cats was more than 100 years ago, but that hasn't stopped people from looking for them.
Cough syrup. If I don't drink a mouthful before going on stage I can't settle down!
Cough syrup. If I don’t drink a mouthful before going on stage I can’t settle down!
Cough when I say.
Coughing is so painful.
Coughs and sneezes spread diseases.
Could Air Algérie become an aviation juggernaut?
Could Algeria become a cheap manufacturing base?
Could Algeria become a developed country with a lot of opportunities?
Could Algeria become a fully-developed country?
Could Algeria become a healthy democracy?
Could Algeria become a high income nation?
Could Algeria become a magnet for immigrants?
Could Algeria become an African military power?
Could Algeria become an economic success?
Could Algeria become an industrial powerhouse?
Could Algeria become the Silicon Valley of the Maghreb region?
Could Algeria become the fastest growing economy in the region?
Could Algeria compete with big producers like Turkey and Italy?
Could Algeria fall into the middle-income trap?
Could Algeria get as poor as Venezuela?
Could Algeria get back on the right path?
Could Algeria get trapped in the middle-income trap?
Could Algeria have handled that differently?
Could Algeria one day rival Turkey economically?
Could Algeria surpass regional economic giants like Italy and Turkey?
Could Algeria sustain itself without food imports?
Could Algeria switch to green energy?
Could Algeria's economic crisis get worse?
Could Algeria's population surpass Egypt's?
Could Algiers become the largest city in Africa?
Could Algiers become the largest city in North Africa?
Could Chloe have tasted some poison before she kissed me? If so, how is it that she survives?
Could David have money problems?
Could God create a rock so heavy that even He could not lift it?
Could God create a stone so heavy that he himself could not lift it?
Could I ask a favor of you?
Could I ask a favour of you?
Could I ask a question?
Could I ask another question?
Could I ask for some advice from you?
Could I ask for your advice?
Could I ask one more question?
Could I ask why?
Could I ask you a big favor?
Could I ask you a big favour?
Could I ask you a favor?
Could I ask you a few questions about Tom?
Could I ask you a question?
Could I ask you for a favor?
Could I ask you for a favour?
Could I ask you for help?
Could I ask you for some help?
Could I ask you one more question?
Could I ask you something else?
Could I ask you something?
Could I ask you to do a favor for me?
Could I ask you to do me a big favor?
Could I ask you to do that again?
Could I ask you to do that for me?
Could I ask you to drive him to the hospital?
Could I ask you to fill in this form, please?
Could I ask you to get a cup of tea for our guest?
Could I ask you to wait until tomorrow morning?
Could I be going soft in the head? I forget things so easily these days.
Could I be happier elsewhere?
Could I be wrong?
Could I borrow a couple of dollars?
Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
Could I borrow a hammer?
Could I borrow a pair of scissors?
Could I borrow a pen?
Could I borrow a pencil?
Could I borrow a saw?
Could I borrow an umbrella?
Could I borrow one of your fishing rods?
Could I borrow one of your hairpins? My bun's coming undone.
Could I borrow some money?
Could I borrow these books?
Could I borrow thirty euros?
Could I borrow this CD?
Could I borrow this book for a few days?
Could I borrow this pair of scissors?
Could I borrow your car today?
Could I borrow your car tomorrow?
Could I borrow your car?
Could I borrow your cell? Mine ran out of energy.
Could I borrow your eraser for a minute?
Could I borrow your eyeliner?
Could I borrow your flashlight?
Could I borrow your gray suit?
Could I borrow your grey suit?
Could I borrow your lawn mower?
Could I borrow your leaf blower this afternoon?
Could I borrow your money?
Could I borrow your notes?
Could I borrow your phone?
Could I borrow your pocketknife?
Could I borrow your ruler?
Could I borrow your saxophone?
Could I borrow your scissors?
Could I borrow your shovel?
Could I borrow your stapler?
Could I borrow your torch?
Could I borrow your umbrella?
Could I bring you something else?
Could I bum a cigarette and a light?
Could I change my appointment to 10:30 a.m.?
Could I change rooms?
Could I change these pounds for dollars, please?
Could I check my bags?
Could I come by, please?
Could I come in for a moment?
Could I come past, please?
Could I do it?
Could I do that once again?
Could I drink some more tea?
Could I drop by your place one of these days?
Could I get a Japanese newspaper, please?
Could I get a bit of cole slaw?
Could I get a closer look at that one?
Could I get a copy of the picture you took of me last night?
Could I get a copy of these?
Could I get a discount if I pay in cash?
Could I get a doggy bag?
Could I get a few hours of sleep?
Could I get a hamburger and a cola?
Could I get a hug?
Could I get a little help here?
Could I get a little piece of that cake?
Could I get a map?
Could I get a menu?
Could I get a receipt?
Could I get a referral to another endocrinologist?
Could I get a referral to your food pantry?
Could I get a refill?
Could I get another cup of coffee?
Could I get another glass of water?
Could I get another piece of pie?
Could I get another shot?
Could I get by, please?
Could I get in before that?
Could I get my ring back?
Could I get one more beer, please?
Could I get one of those small damp towels for wiping my hands?
Could I get past, please?
Could I get some head pats?
Could I get some juice?
Could I get some tea?
Could I get some temporary treatment because I'll be going back to Japan soon?
Could I get some temporary treatment because I’ll be going back to Japan soon?
Could I get some water, please?
Could I get something cold to drink?
Could I get something hot to drink?
Could I get something to drink?
Could I get three more of these?
Could I get you anything to drink?
Could I get you something to drink?
Could I get you something?
Could I get you to help me for a second?
Could I get you to translate this for me?
Could I get you to update this data for me?
Could I get your autograph?
Could I get your email address?
Could I get your recipe for this cake?
Could I give you a hand?
Could I go over to Mary's house to play?
Could I go play after reading this book?
Could I go see Tom?
Could I have a Wi-Fi code?
Could I have a bus timetable?
Could I have a cigarette?
Could I have a coffee?
Could I have a cup of coffee?
Could I have a dark beer?
Could I have a different room?
Could I have a discount if I pay cash?
Could I have a discount if I pay in cash?
Could I have a doggy bag, please?
Could I have a drink?
Could I have a glass of beer, please?
Could I have a glass of milk?
Could I have a glass of orange juice?
Could I have a glass of red wine, please?
Could I have a glass of water, please?
Could I have a glass of white wine?
Could I have a glass of wine?
Could I have a hug?
Could I have a kilo of apples, please?
Could I have a knife and fork, please?
Could I have a little more time?
Could I have a little more water?
Could I have a little more?
Could I have a minute in private with Tom?
Could I have a minute of your time?
Could I have a minute with you?
Could I have a moment alone with Tom, please?
Could I have a moment of your time?
Could I have a napkin, please?
Could I have a piece of cheesecake?
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
Could I have a plastic bag for those?
Could I have a receipt, please? I need to keep track of my money.
Could I have a sample taste?
Could I have a scotch on the rocks please?
Could I have a screwdriver?
Could I have a second helping?
Could I have a second with Tom?
Could I have a second with her?
Could I have a second with him?
Could I have a second with them?
Could I have a second with you?
Could I have a sip of your drink?
Could I have a sip?
Could I have a slice of cheesecake?
Could I have a spoon?
Could I have a subway map, please?
Could I have a tissue?
Could I have a transfer?
Could I have a word with Tom?
Could I have a word with you in private?
Could I have a word with you, Daniel?
Could I have a word with you?
Could I have another cup of coffee, please?
Could I have another cup of coffee?
Could I have another glass of beer?
Could I have another glass of water?
Could I have another piece of toast?
Could I have everyone's attention, please?
Could I have flight information on flights from Salt Lake City to Phoenix please?
Could I have half a kilo of chicken thighs, please?
Could I have it?
Could I have money for my piano lesson?
Could I have my bill, please?
Could I have my bill?
Could I have one for tomorrow morning?
Could I have one more coffee, please?
Could I have one of those bananas?
Could I have roast potatoes instead of chips, please?
Could I have saved everyone?
Could I have some bread?
Could I have some coffee, please?
Could I have some extra ketchup?
Could I have some help, please?
Could I have some more coffee?
Could I have some more mashed potato?
Could I have some more milk?
Could I have some more soup, please?
Could I have some more tea?
Could I have some more towels?
Could I have some more water, please?
Could I have some more wine, please?
Could I have some of that?
Could I have some of your beer?
Could I have some tea?
Could I have some towels?
Could I have some water please?
Could I have some water, please?
Could I have some water?
Could I have some water? My throat is really dry.
Could I have something to drink?
Could I have that crayon, please?
Could I have the bill, please?
Could I have the check?
Could I have the menu, please?
Could I have the pen?
Could I have these clothes ironed?
Could I have this blouse taken in, please?
Could I have this box?
Could I have three cinnamon donuts?
Could I have three cinnamon doughnuts?
Could I have three seats in the unreserved section?
Could I have three steaks please: one rare, one medium rare and one well done, but not burnt?
Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
Could I have your autograph on this book?
Could I have your autograph?
Could I have your name, please?
Could I have your name?
Could I have your phone number?
Could I help you do the dishes?
Could I help you with something?
Could I help you?
Could I just ask one simple question?
Could I just ask you one question?
Could I just have a minute?
Could I just talk with you?
Could I leave a message?
Could I leave this here?
Could I look at that book?
Could I look at that one?
Could I make a reservation?
Could I maybe invite you to dinner?
Could I not respond?
Could I park my car here?
Could I pay via Mastercard?
Could I persuade you to join me for an evening out?
Could I persuade you to join me?
Could I place this here?
Could I please borrow your pen?
Could I please have a glass of water?
Could I please have a little bit more milk for my tea?
Could I please have a napkin?
Could I please have a pizza?
Could I please have a subway map?
Could I please have a tissue?
Could I please have one more can of beer?
Could I please have the check?
Could I please receive by Monday, as a fax or an email attachment, a receipt for the bank transfer?
Could I please see you a minute?
Could I please take a short break?
Could I please talk to Mr. Jackson?
Could I please talk to Tom?
Could I please use your phone?
Could I possibly talk to you for a moment?
Could I put this here?
Could I really afford to accommodate such a raucous comrade?
Could I say something, please?
Could I see the menu again?
Could I see the menu and wine list?
Could I see the menu, please?
Could I see the room please?
Could I see the schedule, please?
Could I see the timetable?
Could I see the wine list, please?
Could I see those photos again?
Could I see you a minute, please?
Could I see you again?
Could I see you alone tonight?
Could I see you alone?
Could I see you for a minute, please?
Could I see you for a moment?
Could I see you in private?
Could I see you rehearse your play?
Could I see you tomorrow?
Could I see you tonight?
Could I see you when you have a moment?
Could I see your Martian passport?
Could I see your boarding pass?
Could I see your driver's license?
Could I see your driver’s license?
Could I see your driving licence?
Could I see your papers?
Could I see your passport?
Could I sit by the aisle?
Could I sit on the aisle?
Could I speak to Tom, please?
Could I speak to Tom?
Could I speak to you alone?
Could I speak to you for a moment, Tom?
Could I speak to you for a moment, please?
Could I speak to you, in private, please?
Could I speak with you for a moment?
Could I speak with you, please?
Could I stay and help you?
Could I stay with you for a bit?
Could I take a message?
Could I talk to Tom, please?
Could I talk to Tom?
Could I talk to the two of you alone?
Could I talk to you a sec?
Could I talk to you a second?
Could I talk to you alone for a second?
Could I talk to you alone?
Could I talk to you for a minute?
Could I talk to you for a second?
Could I talk to you in private?
Could I talk to you one-on-one?
Could I talk to you, Tom?
Could I talk to you?
Could I talk with you about this later?
Could I translate your article into French?
Could I trouble you for a cup of coffee?
Could I trouble you with something?
Could I try doing that?
Could I try them on?
Could I try this on?
Could I try to do it?
Could I turn off the light?
Could I use the phone?
Could I use your bathroom, please?
Could I use your desk?
Could I use your pencil?
Could I use your phone for a moment?
Could I use your phone?
Could I use your telephone?
Could I work part-time?
Could I write down your name, address and phone number, for the insurance company?
Could Layla have attacked both Sami and Salima?
Could Mars be habitable some day?
Could Mary do that by herself?
Could Mary get home by herself?
Could Mary really be as busy as she says she is?
Could Morocco become a country of famine?
Could Rima like such a creepy guy?
Could Tatoeba help in communication among the international community?
Could Tom Jackson be the next champion?
Could Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
Could Tom and Mary do that?
Could Tom and Mary have done that by themselves?
Could Tom and Mary really be as busy as they say they are?
Could Tom be involved?
Could Tom be telling the truth?
Could Tom be wrong?
Could Tom do it?
Could Tom do that by himself?
Could Tom do that?
Could Tom do this?
Could Tom eat everything you put on his plate?
Could Tom get home by himself?
Could Tom have been murdered?
Could Tom have been saved?
Could Tom have been the one who did that?
Could Tom have been there?
Could Tom have changed this?
Could Tom have done it?
Could Tom have done that by himself?
Could Tom have done that?
Could Tom have done this?
Could Tom have had some help doing that?
Could Tom have had some help with that?
Could Tom have left these footprints?
Could Tom have lied to us?
Could Tom have missed his train?
Could Tom help out?
Could Tom help us?
Could Tom help?
Could Tom possibly be telling the truth?
Could Tom really be as busy as he says he is?
Could Tom really be that devious?
Could Tom really have said such horrible things?
Could Tom stay in Boston with you for a couple of months?
Could World War II have been won by the Allies without the Soviets?
Could Yanni's death be payback for his testimony against Skura's father?
Could Ziri really be Rima's dad?
Could a cat kill an adult turkey?
Could a dream be an expression of desire?
Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?
Could a logical conlang such as Lojban ever grow to rival the current popularity of Esperanto?
Could a microbe be elevated to microbiologist status by gene duplication followed by random mutations and natural selection?
Could a super robot be programmed to prevent life on this planet from being extinguished by man's insanity?
Could an almighty god create a stone that he would not be able to subsequently lift?
Could any of that be true?
Could anybody else answer?
Could anybody explain to me what is happening?
Could anybody help me carry this?
Could anybody tell Tom that he cannot behave like this?
Could anybody tell me where Tom is?
Could anyone explain this, please?
Could anyone explain to me what is happening here?
Could anyone have predicted this?
Could anyone please tell me who got my phone?
Could anyone tell me where Tom is?
Could anything be more beautiful than a furry seal pup, white as snow?
Could anything be more romantic?
Could anything have happened to him that he isn't picking up the phone?
Could anything more indecent be said?
Could artificial minds be added to the total sum of human ones that is the noosphere?
Could be, could be.
Could be.
Could better AI, artificial intelligence, improve economics and politics?
Could carbon nanotubes be used to make a cable for a space elevator?
Could everybody please leave?
Could graphene be used to make a cable for a space elevator?
Could he be Tom's son?
Could he be any more annoying?
Could he have some secret life?
Could he help?
Could he really be interested in her?
Could he send us a brochure?
Could he, he would open 8 days a week.
Could intelligent life exist elsewhere?
Could it almost be over?
Could it be Tom?
Could it be a coincidence?
Could it be a scam?
Could it be a virus?
Could it be alive?
Could it be because your politics originate on 4chan, a hive of pedophiles?
Could it be contagious?
Could it be done?
Could it be love?
Could it be possible that she still hasn't finished her homework.
Could it be possible that you don't know the whole story?
Could it be so?
Could it be that I am crazy?
Could it be that I have a touch of the flu?
Could it be that drinking too much water is keeping the vitamins and other nutrients from getting to the brain?
Could it be that he has a crush on you?
Could it be that her prickly attitude is just because she has period pains? No, couldn't be.
Could it be that her prickly attitude is just because she has period pains? No, couldn’t be.
Could it be that simple?
Could it be that we missed something important?
Could it be that we were wrong?
Could it be that you can't see very well?
Could it be that you don't know?
Could it be that you’re right?
Could it be true?
Could it be worse ?
Could it get any better?
Could it happen today?
Could it happen?
Could it have a future?
Could it have been Tom who did that?
Could it have been Tom who stole Mary's diamond ring?
Could it have been Tom who told Mary that?
Could it have been Tom?
Could it have been Tom? Possibly.
Could it have been a murder?
Could it have been any clearer?
Could it have been avoided altogether?
Could it have been avoided entirely?
Could it have been avoided?
Could it have been done any better?
Could it have been done differently?
Could it have been her?
Could it have been him?
Could it have been murder?
Could it have been prevented altogether?
Could it have been prevented?
Could it have been them?
Could it have ended any other way?
Could it have gone any worse?
Could it help?
Could it really be over so soon?
Could it really be over?
Could it really be that simple?
Could it really have gone any differently?
Could it work?
Could life exist in another galaxy?
Could life on Mars be sustainable?
Could longer space flights to Mars and beyond happen 50 years in the future?
Could more Algerians fall into poverty because of the COVID-19 pandemic?
Could not find the right menu option in the ATM.
Could one of you give Tom a ride home?
Could she be Tom's daughter?
Could she be cheating on me?
Could she have missed her train?
Could she help?
Could she make herself understood in French in Paris?
Could she not have picked a better time for the meeting?
Could she really be interested in him?
Could solar power make Algeria richer?
Could somebody ask Fyodor to stop writing example sentences about hyenas?
Could somebody ask Fyodor to stop writing example sentences about lakes?
Could somebody ask Fyodor to stop writing sentences about Algeria?
Could somebody ask this user to stop contributing sentences about Berber?
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting all these sentences about Berber history? I hate history!
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting example sentences about camping?
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting sentences about Algiers? Besides, what are his motivations for doing so!
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting sentences about Kabylie? It really annoys me!
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting sentences about the Blida Atlas? It's annoying me!
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting sentences about the Sahara Desert?
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting sentences about the Tuareg? Nobody has ever heard about them and I don't think this is an interesting topic to post sentences about anyways.
Could somebody ask this user to stop posting sentences in Spanish?
Could somebody ask this user to stop writing example sentences about canoeing?
Could somebody ask this user to stop writing sentences about German Shepherds?
Could somebody get Tom for me, please?
Could somebody get me a glass of water?
Could somebody get me a spoon?
Could somebody give us a hand?
Could somebody help me carry this?
Could somebody make a math out of emotions, with symbols and operators?
Could somebody please answer me?
Could somebody please help me translate this?
Could somebody please introduce me to Tom?
Could somebody please open the door?
Could somebody please translate this for me?
Could somebody tell Fyodor to stop posting sentences about himself?
Could somebody tell me what happened?
Could somebody tell me what's going on?
Could somebody tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Could somebody tell me why Tom is angry?
Could somebody tell this user to stop posting sentences about Algeria? Why doesn't he write about India or Canada instead?
Could somebody tell this user to stop posting sentences about Algerians? I'm tired of seeing them all the time!
Could somebody tell this user to stop posting sentences about German Shepherds?
Could somebody tell this user to stop posting sentences in Berber? It drives me crazy to see all these Berber sentences posted every day on the website!
Could somebody tell this user to stop posting sentences in English? And what are his motivations anyways?
Could somebody tell this user to stop posting sentences? His mere presence annoys me!
Could somebody tell this user to stop writing about politics? I hate politics!
Could somebody tell this user to stop writing sentences about the Kabyle dialect?
Could someone else reply?
Could someone enter a Catholic church as naked as Adam and Eve were created?
Could someone explain it to me?
Could someone explain to me the difference between an imaginary number and a natural number?
Could someone get me a glass of water?
Could someone get the lights?
Could someone give me a hand?
Could someone give me an example of this?
Could someone give me examples of this?
Could someone give us a hand?
Could someone hand me a knife?
Could someone let the dog in?
Could someone let the dog out?
Could someone make an example sentence in German using the word "Beispiel?"
Could someone make an example sentence using the German word "Beispiel"?
Could someone open a window, please?
Could someone please comment on this sentence?
Could someone please explain this to me?
Could someone please help me translate this?
Could someone please help me?
Could someone please read this sentence aloud for me?
Could someone please translate this for me?
Could someone tell Tom to be quiet?
Could someone tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Could someone tell me why Tom is angry?
Could someone translate the comment above to a language which I can understand?
Could someone wake Tom up?
Could someone who doesn't know Hungarian get this pun if it were explained to them?
Could something like that happen nowadays?
Could such respectable figures as Ilan Pappe, Noam Chomsky, and Avi Shlaim be considered as anti-Semite?
Could that be Tom?
Could that be a good thing?
Could that be a problem?
Could that be the problem?
Could that be the solution?
Could that change?
Could that happen again this year?
Could that happen again?
Could that have been Tom?
Could that person be your true friend?
Could that possibly happen?
Could that really happen so quickly?
Could that really happen?
Could that really have happened the way you think it did?
Could the Algerian dinar become a global exchange currency?
Could the US invoke NATO's Article 5 to attack North Korea?
Could the USSR have survived?
Could the conflict in Libya spill over into Algeria?
Could the last one out turn off the light?
Could the owner of a Citroën, registration AB-123-CD, please move their car as a matter of urgency. Thank you.
Could the rumour be true?
Could the situation worsen?
Could the tenors and basses please watch the conductor?
Could the two of you share one umbrella and leave the other for me?
Could there be a connection?
Could there be a direct conflict between Iran and Israel?
Could there be a language as beautiful as mine?
Could there be a mistake?
Could there be anyone else on board?
Could there be people who don't know even a single English word?
Could there be something sadder than the prison cell of someone with a life sentence?
Could there maybe be something that didn't go into the documents?
Could they have been more prepared?
Could they have done more?
Could they have known what was coming?
Could they have prevented this outcome?
Could they have tried harder?
Could they send her a brochure?
Could this actually happen?
Could this be Tom's big chance?
Could this be a blessing in disguise?
Could this be all there is?
Could this be his writing?
Could this be love?
Could this be our last chance to do that?
Could this be our only chance to do that?
Could this be possible?
Could this be the answer we’ve been searching for?
Could this be the change we’ve been waiting for?
Could this be the end of an era?
Could this be the end of it all?
Could this be the opportunity we’ve been waiting for?
Could this be the problem?
Could this be the solution we need?
Could this be the solution?
Could this be the start of something big?
Could this be the start of something new?
Could this be the turning point we need?
Could this be the turning point?
Could this environment support life?
Could this get any worse?
Could this have been avoided altogether?
Could this have been avoided?
Could this have been foreseen?
Could this have been prevented with better planning?
Could this have been prevented?
Could this have been the plan all along?
Could this have ended differently?
Could this help?
Could this impact Algiers' air quality?
Could this planet support life?
Could this possibly happen again?
Could this program be applied in Algeria?
Could this program work in Algeria?
Could this really be happening now?
Could this really be happening?
Could this really be one of those yetis?
Could this really be the end?
Could this really be the last chance?
Could this really happen?
Could this work in Algeria?
Could tonight be Tom's last game in Australia?
Could tonight be Tom's last game in Boston?
Could we ask you a few questions?
Could we aspire to a more peaceful world if everyone had their whole lives mandatorily recorded by the government? Would it deter criminals and eliminate crime? Would we at last be able to walk at night anywhere without fear?
Could we be alone?
Could we borrow a couple of umbrellas?
Could we come in, please?
Could we come visit you today?
Could we cuddle or hold each other for a while?
Could we discuss this later?
Could we discuss this tomorrow?
Could we discuss this?
Could we do that again?
Could we do that once again?
Could we do that one more time?
Could we do this another time?
Could we do this later?
Could we end our conversation?
Could we finish our conversation?
Could we get a bottle of your best champagne?
Could we get on with the ceremony?
Could we get out of here?
Could we get the check, please?
Could we get together next weekend?
Could we go faster? I'm late.
Could we go in?
Could we go somewhere and talk?
Could we go somewhere else?
Could we go somewhere quiet and talk?
Could we go somewhere quiet?
Could we have a fork?
Could we have a minute of silence?
Could we have a minute with you?
Could we have a moment of silence?
Could we have a quiet corner table, please?
Could we have a sidebar?
Could we have a spoon?
Could we have a table by the window?
Could we have a table for two, please?
Could we have a table in the corner?
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
Could we have a table in the smoking section?
Could we have a table near the fireplace, please?
Could we have a table near the window?
Could we have a table on the terrace?
Could we have a table outside?
Could we have a window seat, please?
Could we have a word with you?
Could we have acted any sooner?
Could we have anticipated this earlier?
Could we have anticipated this?
Could we have avoided this altogether?
Could we have dinner together?
Could we have done anything differently?
Could we have done more to prevent this?
Could we have done things differently?
Could we have foreseen this?
Could we have planned any better?
Could we have prepared better for this?
Could we have prevented this if we’d known?
Could we have prevented this?
Could we have seen it coming?
Could we have separate checks, please?
Could we have some more non-dairy creamer?
Could we have some privacy?
Could we have stopped this from happening?
Could we have the bill, please?
Could we have waited?
Could we leave now?
Could we live on Mars?
Could we make this a priority?
Could we meet again?
Could we meet privately?
Could we meet today?
Could we meet?
Could we not talk about this?
Could we order now?
Could we please go home now?
Could we please have a little privacy?
Could we please talk about something else?
Could we please talk about this some other time?
Could we put a man on Uranus?
Could we raise the money?
Could we say they are penny pinchers?
Could we see each other for about an hour on February 27 at 3:00 p.m.?
Could we see each other for about an hour on February 27 at 3:00 pm?
Could we see the menu, please?
Could we sit down?
Could we sit?
Could we speak French instead?
Could we speak French?
Could we speak to Tom?
Could we speak to her?
Could we speak to him?
Could we speak to them?
Could we speak to you?
Could we start immediately?
Could we stay at your place for a few nights?
Could we stay just a little bit longer?
Could we take a break to get some food? I'm as hungry as a wolf.
Could we take a walk?
Could we take you somewhere else?
Could we talk about it somewhere else?
Could we talk about last night?
Could we talk about this in private?
Could we talk about this later?
Could we talk about this somewhere else?
Could we talk for a few minutes?
Could we talk for a moment?
Could we talk in private?
Could we talk in your office?
Could we talk outside for a minute?
Could we talk over some coffee?
Could we talk to Tom?
Could we talk to you a second, Tom?
Could we talk to you for a sec?
Could we try to do that again?
Could we try to do that?
Could we visit Boston again?
Could we wait a little longer?
Could we walk?
Could what happened in Australia also happen here?
Could what happened in Boston also happen here?
Could what happened to Tom also happen to us?
Could y'all wait on them?
Could you act for me while I'm out?
Could you act for me while I’m out?
Could you actually eat this?
Could you add me?
Could you add my name to that list?
Could you add the cost to my room bill?
Could you add up these numbers for me?
Could you address this now instead of constantly diverting attention away from it?
Could you address this now?
Could you adjust the height of the table, please?
Could you advance me some money?
Could you all please just go home?
Could you all turn off the lights?
Could you allow me to make an observation?
Could you also buy a couple of loaves bread while you're at the supermarket?
Could you and Tom come over for dinner?
Could you answer a question for me?
Could you answer the phone for me?
Could you approve my proposal?
Could you arrange not to be here on Friday night?
Could you arrange not to be there on Friday night?
Could you arrange to be here at five?
Could you ask Tom to be quiet?
Could you ask Tom to call Mary?
Could you ask Tom to call me?
Could you ask Tom to come here and help me?
Could you ask Tom to come here?
Could you ask Tom to stop by after work?
Could you ask Tom what time the meeting is going to start?
Could you ask Tom when the meeting is going to start?
Could you ask Tom?
Could you ask her to call me?
Could you ask her to speak softer?
Could you ask her?
Could you ask him to speak softer?
Could you ask that guy where the library is?
Could you assist me with the client presentation?
Could you assist me with the data analysis?
Could you assist me, please?
Could you assist with the operation?
Could you at least give me a hint?
Could you at least have the decency to wait?
Could you at least tell me where we're going?
Could you babysit my boys?
Could you bake a cake for Tom's birthday party?
Could you bake a cake like that?
Could you be a better parent?
Could you be a dear and help me?
Could you be a little more exact?
Could you be a little more specific?
Could you be a little quieter, sir?
Could you be careful with that?
Could you be frank with me?
Could you be here by 2:30?
Could you be misinterpreting what was said?
Could you be more careful?
Could you be more concrete?
Could you be more specific?
Could you be my teacher?
Could you be quiet?
Could you be quiet? I have to get up early and go to work.
Could you be quieter?
Could you be quieter? Layla is sleeping.
Could you be so kind as to speak more slowly, please?
Could you be sued?
Could you bear anyone to treat you like that?
Could you both take your crappy fight somewhere else?
Could you break a 1,000 yen note?
Could you break this ten dollar bill?
Could you bring another bottle of water?
Could you bring it to me?
Could you bring me a Japanese newspaper?
Could you bring me a Time magazine?
Could you bring me a blanket?
Could you bring me a cup of water?
Could you bring me a glass of water on your way back?
Could you bring me a glass of water?
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
Could you bring me a towel, please?
Could you bring me a towel?
Could you bring me another hot towel?
Could you bring me earphones?
Could you bring me some coffee?
Could you bring me some water?
Could you bring me something from your country? A shirt, a coin, a flag, a notebook, anything...
Could you bring me something to eat?
Could you bring me that box?
Could you bring me the fly swatter, please?
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
Could you bring this flower to Kate?
Could you bring us a fork?
Could you bring us some food?
Could you bring us the bill, please?
Could you bring us the dessert menu, please?
Could you bring us the menu?
Could you budge up a bit?
Could you budge up?
Could you burn these letters for me?
Could you burn this for me, please?
Could you buy a bag of marshmallows for me?
Could you buy a bag of peanuts for me?
Could you buy a dozen eggs, please?
Could you buy everything you needed?
Could you buy me a bag of peanuts?
Could you buy me a cup of coffee? I left my wallet at home.
Could you buy me a drink?
Could you buy me a roll of tape?
Could you buy me something to eat?
Could you buy some eggs and milk for me while you're at the supermarket?
Could you buy that for Tom?
Could you buy that for us?
Could you call Tom and tell him that we're on our way?
Could you call Tom for me?
Could you call Tom?
Could you call a cab?
Could you call a doctor for me?
Could you call a doctor, please?
Could you call a doctor?
Could you call a taxi for me?
Could you call again later, please?
Could you call back later?
Could you call her?
Could you call him?
Could you call me a taxi?
Could you call me back a bit later?
Could you call me back later?
Could you call me back?
Could you call me later?
Could you call me tonight, please?
Could you call my teacher and pretend that you're my dad?
Could you call my teacher and pretend that you're my father?
Could you call my teacher and pretend you're my dad?
Could you call my teacher and pretend you're my father?
Could you call the doctor's office for me?
Could you call them?
Could you call us at 7 to wake us?
Could you cancel my booking?
Could you cancel my reservation?
Could you cancel our booking?
Could you care less?
Could you carry it to the car?
Could you carry my bags for me?
Could you carry these suitcases for me?
Could you carry this box for me, please?
Could you carry this box into the living room?
Could you carry this for me?
Could you carry this shopping bag for me?
Could you cast an eye over my essay before I hand it in?
Could you change it for a different one?
Could you change me?
Could you change my room for me?
Could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean?
Could you change some money for me?
Could you change the channel?
Could you change the departure date for this ticket?
Could you change these for me, please?
Could you change this bill, please?
Could you charge it to my room?
Could you check that again, please?
Could you check the tire pressure?
Could you check the tires?
Could you check the tyre pressure?
Could you check this for me?
Could you check this list to see if I've left anything off?
Could you check to see if the garage door is closed?
Could you check to see if there are any mistakes in this document?
Could you check what movies are playing next Saturday?
Could you choose a couple of books for me to read?
Could you clarify that?
Could you clarify the meaning of your sentence for me?
Could you clarify what you mean?
Could you clarify whether Tom speaks French or not?
Could you clean the microwave after using it?
Could you clean the windows in your room?
Could you clean your room, please?
Could you clear off the table?
Could you clear the table after we finish eating?
Could you clear the table, please?
Could you clip my ticket please?
Could you close the curtains?
Could you close the door for me?
Could you close the door, please?
Could you close the door?
Could you close the window before you leave?
Could you close the window, please?
Could you close the window?
Could you close the window? There's a draft.
Could you close the windows before you leave?
Could you come and get me?
Could you come and help?
Could you come and see me tomorrow?
Could you come as quickly as possible?
Could you come as soon as possible?
Could you come back a little later?
Could you come back here again tomorrow at 2:30?
Could you come back here tomorrow at 2.30?
Could you come back here tomorrow at 2:30?
Could you come back here tomorrow at half past two?
Could you come back here tomorrow at half two?
Could you come back here tomorrow?
Could you come back in a minute, please?
Could you come down here, please?
Could you come downstairs, please?
Could you come early?
Could you come here a moment please?
Could you come here a moment, please?
Could you come here a second?
Could you come here again tomorrow?
Could you come here for a minute?
Could you come here for a second?
Could you come here tomorrow?
Could you come here?
Could you come in here for a minute?
Could you come in here for a moment, please?
Could you come in here, please.
Could you come into my office?
Could you come out here for a minute?
Could you come out here, please?
Could you come over and help me this afternoon?
Could you come over here and help me?
Could you come over right now?
Could you come over this evening?
Could you come over to my place after work today?
Could you come over to my place tomorrow?
Could you come to Boston, too?
Could you come to collect me?
Could you come to her?
Could you come to me tomorrow?
Could you come to my office when you have a moment?
Could you come to my quarters?
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?
Could you come today?
Could you come tomorrow?
Could you come up here for a second?
Could you come up here, please?
Could you come up here?
Could you come with me, please?
Could you come with me?
Could you comment on that as well?
Could you comment on this?
Could you concentrate a bit more on your exercises? Otherwise, you'll never finish them.
Could you convert this file into a Windows 95 compatible file and re-send it?
Could you convey a message to Mr Merrick for me, please?
Could you cook a skewer for me, please?
Could you cook this meat a little more?
Could you cover your mouth with your hand when you sneeze?
Could you cut it shoulder length?
Could you define the word and say what you understand by it?
Could you describe Tom physically?
Could you describe Tom's demeanor?
Could you describe it, please?
Could you describe the problem?
Could you describe those procedures?
Could you describe to the jury what happened?
Could you design a new emotion?
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
Could you dial up the operator for me?
Could you dim the lights a little?
Could you direct me to the bus stop?
Could you direct me to the station?
Could you do Tom a favor?
Could you do anything to help?
Could you do him a favour?
Could you do it now?
Could you do it?
Could you do me a big favor?
Could you do me a big favour?
Could you do me a favor and babysit my kids tonight?
Could you do me a favor and call a doctor?
Could you do me a favor and close the door on your way out?
Could you do me a favor and lend me some money?
Could you do me a favor and wait until tomorrow morning?
Could you do me a favor by filling out this form?
Could you do me a favor, please?
Could you do me a favor?
Could you do me a favor? Will you lend me some money?
Could you do me a favour and call a doctor?
Could you do me a favour and lend me some money?
Could you do me a favour please?
Could you do me a favour, please?
Could you do me a favour?
Could you do me a huge favor?
Could you do me a little favor, please?
Could you do me a little favour?
Could you do me a really big favor?
Could you do me a small favor?
Could you do me a small favour?
Could you do me a small service?
Could you do me favor?
Could you do me one favor?
Could you do me the courtesy of replying?
Could you do me the favor of telling the doorman the elevator doesn't work?
Could you do something for me?
Could you do that again, please?
Could you do that for Tom?
Could you do that for me?
Could you do that for us?
Could you do that tomorrow?
Could you do that, Tom?
Could you do that?
Could you do the dishes, please?
Could you do the weeding and water the flowers?
Could you do this for me?
Could you do this instead of me?
Could you do with some help?
Could you download a file for me?
Could you draw a map for me?
Could you draw me a map, please?
Could you draw the curtains?
Could you dress the salad?
Could you drive Tom home?
Could you drive faster, Tom?
Could you drive me home?
Could you drive me to the bus station?
Could you drive me to the hospital?
Could you drive me to the railway station?
Could you drive me to the station?
Could you drive more slowly?
Could you drive to the station?
Could you drive?
Could you drop a package off at Tom's on your way to the post office?
Could you drop me at the bus station?
Could you drop me off at the bus stop?
Could you drop me off at the library?
Could you drop me off?
Could you drop this package off at Tom's on your way home?
Could you dumb it down a bit?
Could you dumb it down a notch?
Could you dust off the table?
Could you dust the table?
Could you e-mail it?
Could you elaborate a bit?
Could you elaborate on that?
Could you elaborate on your new theory?
Could you elaborate?
Could you email it?
Could you empty the lint trap in the dryer?
Could you enlarge on your new theory?
Could you ever forgive me?
Could you ever have imagined this?
Could you exchange it with a different one?
Could you exchange it with another one?
Could you exchange rooms with me?
Could you excuse me for a minute?
Could you excuse me, please?
Could you excuse me?
Could you excuse us a minute?
Could you excuse us a sec?
Could you excuse us a second?
Could you excuse us for a moment?
Could you excuse us for a second?
Could you excuse us, please?
Could you excuse us?
Could you excuse us? Tom and I need to talk.
Could you expand on that?
Could you expand on what you meant?
Could you explain a bit easier for me to understand?
Could you explain all the safety features to me once again?
Could you explain how food absorption takes place?
Could you explain how the dishwasher works?
Could you explain how this machine works?
Could you explain how you did that?
Could you explain in detail how you did that?
Could you explain it differently?
Could you explain it in more detail?
Could you explain it more simply?
Could you explain it one more time?
Could you explain it to me again?
Could you explain it to me?
Could you explain it to us?
Could you explain me the difference between this light switch and that one?
Could you explain something to me?
Could you explain that again?
Could you explain that in detail?
Could you explain that in more detail?
Could you explain that one more time?
Could you explain that to Tom?
Could you explain that to me in more detail?
Could you explain that to me?
Could you explain that?
Could you explain the last section more precisely?
Could you explain the problem to us?
Could you explain the problem?
Could you explain the situation to me?
Could you explain them to me?
Could you explain this diagram to me?
Could you explain this to me?
Could you explain to me how food absorption takes place?
Could you explain to me how the dishwasher works?
Could you explain to me how you did that?
Could you explain to me the meaning of this sentence?
Could you explain to me what happened?
Could you explain to me what this image means?
Could you explain to me what this sentence means?
Could you explain to me why you think these rules don't apply anymore?
Could you explain to me why?
Could you explain to us how the dishwasher works?
Could you explain what happened?
Could you explain what you mean?
Could you explain what you're trying to say by way of an example?
Could you explain why?
Could you explain your idea more clearly?
Could you explain your previous statement?
Could you explain?
Could you fetch the newspaper for me?
Could you fill it up and take a look at the oil, too?
Could you fill me in?
Could you fill out the medical certificate for my son's school?
Could you fill out the medical certificate for my son’s school?
Could you fill out this form please?
Could you fill out this form, please?
Could you fill this in?
Could you fill this out, please?
Could you fill this out?
Could you fill up the ice cube trays and put them in the freezer?
Could you fill up this bottle with water?
Could you find a room for my sister?
Could you find a villa for me to rent in Algiers?
Could you find me a couple of competent mechanics?
Could you find me a house that has a small garden?
Could you find me an attorney?
Could you find out how to get there?
Could you find out why Tom wants to do that?
Could you find the site for me?
Could you find the website for me?
Could you fix it?
Could you fix my flat tire?
Could you fix my pillow, please?
Could you fix that button for me?
Could you fix that towel rack? It's loose.
Could you fix this, please?
Could you fluff my pillow for me?
Could you fly that helicopter?
Could you fold these towels for me?
Could you forgive me?
Could you gentlemen please follow me?
Could you get Tom some coffee, please?
Could you get Tom?
Could you get a doctor?
Could you get a hammer for me from the kitchen please?
Could you get a ticket for me?
Could you get in touch with Tom?
Could you get in touch with him?
Could you get in?
Could you get it for Tom?
Could you get it for me now?
Could you get it?
Could you get me a beer from the fridge?
Could you get me a brandy?
Could you get me a club soda?
Could you get me a cold drink, please?
Could you get me a cup of coffee with milk please?
Could you get me a glass of ice water, please?
Could you get me a glass of water, please?
Could you get me a glass of water?
Could you get me a soda?
Could you get me a towel?
Could you get me another beer?
Could you get me some cough drops?
Could you get me some ice water?
Could you get me some milk?
Could you get me some tea?
Could you get me some water?
Could you get me something to drink?
Could you get me something to eat?
Could you get me something to write with?
Could you get rid of all this junk?
Could you get some more paper from the stockroom? We ran out.
Could you get someone to translate this for me?
Could you get that for me?
Could you get the parcel off this morning, please.
Could you get the train at 11 last night?
Could you get this translated?
Could you get up?
Could you get us coffee?
Could you gift wrap it?
Could you gift wrap this for me, please?
Could you gift wrap this, please?
Could you give Tom a message, please?
Could you give Tom a minute?
Could you give Tom a ride to the airport?
Could you give Tom and me a ride home?
Could you give a me hand packing on Saturday?
Could you give a simple self-introduction?
Could you give an example?
Could you give her a minute?
Could you give him a minute?
Could you give it to me?
Could you give me a 12 mm wrench, please?
Could you give me a back rub?
Could you give me a bag, please?
Could you give me a baggy, please?
Could you give me a ball-park figure?
Could you give me a better price?
Could you give me a bit of that?
Could you give me a break?
Could you give me a call at 7 tomorrow morning, please?
Could you give me a card with this hotel's address?
Could you give me a card with this hotel’s address?
Could you give me a couple of examples?
Could you give me a discount?
Could you give me a few more minutes?
Could you give me a gentle bite?
Could you give me a hand in the kitchen, please?
Could you give me a hand with this stew?
Could you give me a hand with this thing?
Could you give me a hand?
Could you give me a hug, please?
Could you give me a hug?
Could you give me a leg up here?
Could you give me a lift home?
Could you give me a lift in your car?
Could you give me a lift to the railway station?
Could you give me a lift to the station?
Could you give me a lift to the train station?
Could you give me a lift?
Could you give me a little bit more?
Could you give me a little help?
Could you give me a little taste of your slice of cake? I just want to try it.
Could you give me a minute?
Could you give me a new dish of these?
Could you give me a piece of paper?
Could you give me a ride back to the office?
Could you give me a ride home?
Could you give me a ride to the bus stop?
Could you give me a ride to the station?
Could you give me a ride?
Could you give me a rough ballpark of what that's going to cost?
Could you give me a rough figure?
Could you give me a second?
Could you give me a toothpick, please?
Could you give me a turnover please?
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
Could you give me an approximate figure?
Could you give me an estimate before starting work?
Could you give me an example?
Could you give me another example?
Could you give me another glass of water?
Could you give me any suggestions?
Could you give me back my valuables?
Could you give me change for a dollar?
Could you give me change for a hundred-dollar bill?
Could you give me change out of a hundred-dollar bill?
Could you give me change, please?
Could you give me just a moment?
Could you give me more time to sort out my stuff?
Could you give me my bank balance, please?
Could you give me one Berber word that starts with "t."
Could you give me some advice?
Could you give me some bread?
Could you give me some change for this ten dollar bill?
Could you give me some change?
Could you give me some examples?
Could you give me some help here?
Could you give me some of that?
Could you give me some specific examples?
Could you give me some?
Could you give me something to drink?
Could you give me something? I'm flat broke.
Could you give me something? I'm totally broke.
Could you give me that cup?
Could you give me that newspaper that's on the table?
Could you give me that piece of paper?
Could you give me that, please?
Could you give me the 12mm wrench please?
Could you give me the bill, please?
Could you give me the book, please?
Could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor?
Could you give me the newspaper that's on the table?
Could you give me the payment receipt?
Could you give me the recipe for your salad?
Could you give me the salt?
Could you give me this?
Could you give me your cell phone number?
Could you give me your location?
Could you give me your name and phone number?
Could you give me your name?
Could you give me your phone number?
Could you give some examples?
Could you give them a minute?
Could you give this data a final check for me?
Could you give this to Tom?
Could you give this to her?
Could you give this to him?
Could you give this to me?
Could you give this to them?
Could you give this to us?
Could you give us a brief introduction of yourself?
Could you give us a little time, please?
Could you give us a minute, Yanni?
Could you give us a minute, please?
Could you give us a minute?
Could you give us a moment alone?
Could you give us a moment?
Could you give us a ride home?
Could you give us an example, please?
Could you give us any more details?
Could you give us just a few minutes longer?
Could you give us just a second?
Could you give us more details?
Could you go and find out when the ferry is going to leave?
Could you go and see if Tom and Mary are OK?
Could you go and see if Tom is OK?
Could you go and see what's happening?
Could you go and tell Tom for me?
Could you go down there?
Could you go get my tools from the shop?
Could you go get some wood for the fire?
Could you go get that for me?
Could you go now?
Could you go on the business trip with Tom instead of me?
Could you go out?
Could you go see what's happening?
Could you go shopping with me?
Could you go stand over there, Sir?
Could you go there and get it?
Could you go there with me?
Could you go to the store and grab some eggs?
Could you go to the store for me?
Could you go to the store?
Could you go to the supermarket and buy some butter for me?
Could you go to the supermarket and buy us some wine?
Could you go turn the heater off?
Could you go, please?
Could you grab the keys from the hook, please?
Could you guide me through the application process?
Could you guys call me a taxi?
Could you guys help me?
Could you guys help us call a taxi?
Could you guys introduce yourselves?
Could you guys please be quiet?
Could you hand me a towel?
Could you hand me one of those bananas?
Could you hand me over that physics book?
Could you hand me that box?
Could you hand me that glass container there?
Could you hand me that hammer?
Could you hand me that magazine?
Could you hand me that wrench?
Could you hand me the Phillips screwdriver?
Could you hand me the garden shears?
Could you hand me the hammer?
Could you hand me the keys, please?
Could you hand me the maple syrup?
Could you hand me the newspaper on the table?
Could you hand me the remote?
Could you hand that to me?
Could you handle this?
Could you hang up the laundry?
Could you have a look and see if there's enough bread for our lunches tomorrow?
Could you have afforded another TV at a time like that?
Could you have done it?
Could you have done more?
Could you have done that?
Could you have ensured success on this issue?
Could you have foreseen this outcome?
Could you have imagined it ending this way?
Could you have imagined this outcome?
Could you have known that?
Could you have perhaps missed something?
Could you have perhaps overlooked it?
Could you have predicted this?
Could you have their luggage taken out please?
Could you have this translated?
Could you hear Tom crying?
Could you hear what Tom said?
Could you hear what was being said?
Could you heat this dish?
Could you help Tom get off the bus?
Could you help Tom pack his suitcase?
Could you help a bit?
Could you help arrange that?
Could you help me a bit?
Could you help me a little?
Could you help me beat this boss?
Could you help me by sending diesel?
Could you help me carry this?
Could you help me choose a tie?
Could you help me clean up a bit before you leave?
Could you help me clean up this mess?
Could you help me cross the road?
Could you help me do that today?
Could you help me do that?
Could you help me do this?
Could you help me exchange some money?
Could you help me fill out this form?
Could you help me find Tom?
Could you help me find it?
Could you help me find my belt?
Could you help me find my dog?
Could you help me find my glasses?
Could you help me find my keys?
Could you help me find out where Tom is?
Could you help me for a second?
Could you help me for just a minute?
Could you help me for ten minutes?
Could you help me get this door open?
Could you help me get to my car, please?
Could you help me here?
Could you help me in here?
Could you help me in the kitchen?
Could you help me jump-start my car?
Could you help me look for my glasses?
Could you help me move the table?
Could you help me move these boxes?
Could you help me move this desk?
Could you help me on that?
Could you help me open this window?
Could you help me out a little?
Could you help me out here?
Could you help me out?
Could you help me put these bags into the car?
Could you help me solve this problem?
Could you help me tie my shoes?
Could you help me to find it?
Could you help me to lift them?
Could you help me translate that into French?
Could you help me translate this into French?
Could you help me up?
Could you help me wash the dishes?
Could you help me when I move?
Could you help me with my English homework?
Could you help me with something?
Could you help me with that?
Could you help me with the dishes?
Could you help me with the remote control?
Could you help me with this, please?
Could you help me with this?
Could you help me write a letter in French?
Could you help me, brother?
Could you help me, please?
Could you help me, sir?
Could you help me?
Could you help me? I don't know how this device works.
Could you help us after school?
Could you help us by answering some questions?
Could you help us find a solution to the problem?
Could you help us out here?
Could you help us translate this text?
Could you help us, please?
Could you help us?
Could you help with the dusting this weekend?
Could you help?
Could you hold it, please?
Could you hold my purse for a minute?
Could you hold my purse?
Could you hold on a minute?
Could you hold on a second?
Could you hold on for just a second?
Could you hold that thought?
Could you hold that, please?
Could you hold the belt while I adjust it?
Could you hold these bags until four this afternoon?
Could you hold these for a second?
Could you hold these valuables?
Could you hold this for a few seconds?
Could you hold this for a sec?
Could you hold this for a second?
Could you hold this for me?
Could you hold this open for me?
Could you hold this picture straight for a while?
Could you hold this?
Could you hug me?
Could you hurry it back? I'm a bit busy.
Could you hurry, please?
Could you identify him in a lineup?
Could you imagine a better outcome?
Could you imagine going on holiday on your own?
Could you inform me where to look for water?
Could you initial here?
Could you introduce me to Mr Ono of Randolph, Ltd?
Could you introduce me to Tom, please?
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?
Could you introduce me to him?
Could you introduce your friend to me, please?
Could you just get straight to the point?
Could you just give me a minute?
Could you just go help Tom?
Could you just go help her?
Could you just go help him?
Could you just go help them?
Could you just help me out for a minute?
Could you just hurry?
Could you just please answer the question? We don't have all day.
Could you just please hurry?
Could you just shut up for a bit?
Could you just sign right here, please?
Could you just stand up, please?
Could you just take me home, please?
Could you just tell us what happened?
Could you just turn around for a second?
Could you keep an eye on Tom?
Could you keep an eye on her?
Could you keep an eye on him?
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a few minutes?
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment?
Could you keep an eye on the kids?
Could you keep an eye on the suitcases for a minute?
Could you keep an eye on them?
Could you keep an eye on this bag for me for a little while?
Could you keep an eye out for the postman?
Could you keep it down a bit please?
Could you keep it down a bit?
Could you keep it down?
Could you keep it down? I'm trying to be boring.
Could you keep it down? I'm trying to study.
Could you keep me abreast?
Could you keep my bags here until four?
Could you keep my place, please?
Could you keep still, everyone?
Could you keep this for me?
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?
Could you keep your eye out for my car keys?
Could you keep your voice down a little?
Could you kids help me clear the table?
Could you kill someone?
Could you kindly desist from throwing peanuts from the gallery?
Could you knock a little off the price?
Could you knock down the price a couple of dollars?
Could you knock down the price if I buy two?
Could you ladies please help me?
Could you last a month without lying?
Could you last a month without telling lies?
Could you lean forward a bit?
Could you leash the dog, please?
Could you leave him alone? Tom's sick.
Could you leave me a few biscuits?
Could you leave me alone now?
Could you leave me alone?
Could you leave me one?
Could you leave that paper there and listen to me?
Could you leave the door open please?
Could you leave this book with me?
Could you leave us alone for a few minutes?
Could you leave us alone?
Could you leave, Tom?
Could you leave?
Could you lend it to me?
Could you lend me $300?
Could you lend me $30?
Could you lend me 10,000 yen?
Could you lend me a bath towel?
Could you lend me a bicycle?
Could you lend me a dollar?
Could you lend me a drill? I want to install a towel rack.
Could you lend me a few mechanical pencil leads?
Could you lend me a hand?
Could you lend me a helping hand?
Could you lend me a hosepipe?
Could you lend me a pen?
Could you lend me an umbrella?
Could you lend me some money to buy some gasoline?
Could you lend me some money until this weekend?
Could you lend me some money?
Could you lend me some money? I just need three dollars.
Could you lend me some money? I'm short of cash at the moment.
Could you lend me some money? I’m short of cash at the moment.
Could you lend me some sugar?
Could you lend me some tweezers?
Could you lend me the book?
Could you lend me the keys for a moment?
Could you lend me thirty bucks?
Could you lend me thirty dollars until tomorrow?
Could you lend me thirty dollars?
Could you lend me thirty euros?
Could you lend me three thousand dollars?
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Could you lend me your bicycle this afternoon?
Could you lend me your bike this afternoon?
Could you lend me your bike?
Could you lend me your book?
Could you lend me your cell phone for a moment?
Could you lend me your knife so I can sharpen this pencil?
Could you lend me your lawnmower?
Could you lend me your lighter?
Could you lend me your pen for a moment?
Could you lend me your phone?
Could you lend me your pink pen, please?
Could you lend me your pocket knife?
Could you lend me your radio?
Could you lend me your sociology notes?
Could you lend me your stud finder? I need to install a towel rack.
Could you lend me your umbrella?
Could you lend them fifty euros?
Could you lend thirty euros to me?
Could you let him out?
Could you let it out?
Could you let me borrow 10,000 yen?
Could you let me borrow a garden hose?
Could you let me do that?
Could you let me know when Tom and Mary get here?
Could you let me know when Tom comes?
Could you let me know when Tom gets here?
Could you let me look at that for a second?
Could you let me off in front of the museum?
Could you let me see your notes?
Could you let me stay over tonight?
Could you let the dog out?
Could you let them know it'll be a few more minutes?
Could you lift me up?
Could you lift that pan for me, then I'll put this mat under it.
Could you lift that pan for me, then I’ll put this mat under it.
Could you lift this stone?
Could you listen?
Could you live in this city?
Could you loan me some money until payday?
Could you loan me thirty dollars?
Could you loan money to my brother?
Could you loan them money?
Could you lock the door?
Could you look after my dog while I'm in Boston?
Could you look after the suitcases for a minute?
Could you look at me, Tom?
Could you look over this document for spelling mistakes?
Could you lower the music?
Could you lower the volume a little?
Could you lower the volume of the television?
Could you lower the volume?
Could you lower your voice please? I’m really hung over.
Could you lower your voice, please? I'm really hung over.
Could you lower your voice?
Could you mail this letter for me?
Could you make a bit less noise when you sneeze?
Could you make a copy of this for Tom?
Could you make a reservation for me?
Could you make a sentence in Berber?
Could you make an example to reify your idea?
Could you make an exception?
Could you make it a little cheaper?
Could you make it a little shorter for me?
Could you make it another time?
Could you make it cheaper?
Could you make me a sandwich?
Could you make me an offer?
Could you make me another sandwich?
Could you make me some tea?
Could you make out a certificate of health?
Could you make out my bill as soon as possible?
Could you make out what he was saying?
Could you make room for me?
Could you make sure Tom and Mary are OK?
Could you make sure Tom and Mary remember to bring swimsuits?
Could you make sure Tom and Mary show up on time?
Could you make sure Tom does his homework?
Could you make sure Tom is OK?
Could you make sure Tom remembers to bring a swimsuit?
Could you make sure Tom shows up on time?
Could you make the salad?
Could you make the screen a bit brighter?
Could you make time for me?
Could you make your point clearer?
Could you maybe clarify that?
Could you meet me at the library tomorrow after school?
Could you meet me tomorrow at the bus station?
Could you milk me?
Could you mind my bag for a moment while I go to the toilet?
Could you move forward so we can close the door?
Could you move just a little closer?
Could you move over a little?
Could you move the chair a bit?
Could you move these boxes?
Could you move this package more to the right?
Could you move up a bit?
Could you move your car, please?
Could you mow the lawn?
Could you not do that here?
Could you not do that now?
Could you not eat my crab?
Could you not go?
Could you not have come earlier?
Could you not have come sooner?
Could you not include ads?
Could you not make it too greasy, please?
Could you not touch my things?
Could you open one of the windows?
Could you open that window?
Could you open the blinds?
Could you open the car window?
Could you open the curtains?
Could you open the door a crack?
Could you open the door for me?
Could you open the door for me? My hands are full.
Could you open the door, please?
Could you open the door? It's freezing out here.
Could you open the gate for me?
Could you open the window a little?
Could you open the window?
Could you open this can for me?
Could you open this door for me?
Could you open this for me?
Could you open this jar for me?
Could you organize your belongings in the shared storage area?
Could you page Tom Jackson again?
Could you page someone for me?
Could you park your car elsewhere, please?
Could you park your car somewhere else, please?
Could you pass me my toolbox, please?
Could you pass me that sponge?
Could you pass me that wrench?
Could you pass me the belt from the rack?
Could you pass me the dictionary?
Could you pass me the maple syrup?
Could you pass me the mashed potato?
Could you pass me the mashed potatoes, please?
Could you pass me the mashed potatoes?
Could you pass me the pepper, please?
Could you pass me the plate with the sweets?
Could you pass me the remote?
Could you pass me the salt and pepper?
Could you pass me the salt, please?
Could you pass me the salt?
Could you pass me the sugar bowl?
Could you pass me the sugar?
Could you pass me the water, please?
Could you pass me your tea, please?
Could you pass the beans?
Could you pass the corn?
Could you pass the mashed potato to me?
Could you pass the mashed potatoes to me, please?
Could you pass the mashed potatoes to me?
Could you pass the rolls?
Could you pass the salt?
Could you pass the spaghetti?
Could you pass the sugar to me?
Could you pause it?
Could you pause the video?
Could you pay me in cash?
Could you pay us a visit on Wednesday, September 15?
Could you peel these carrots?
Could you peel this orange for me?
Could you perhaps phone me back tomorrow?
Could you perhaps ring me back tomorrow?
Could you perhaps translate that for me?
Could you phone me back tomorrow?
Could you photocopy that?
Could you pick a safer hobby, Tom?
Could you pick out the chords?
Could you pick some flowers and put them in the vase?
Could you pick up Shigemi from the daycare center?
Could you pick up a 2-liter of Coke?
Could you pick up some rigatoni while you're out at the store?
Could you pick up that book for me?
Could you pick up the kids?
Could you pick up your clothes from the living room, please?
Could you place your bags on the scale, please?
Could you play cards at your high school?
Could you please acknowledge receipt of this note?
Could you please add me on WhatsApp?
Could you please add me to your contact list?
Could you please add my friend to your group?
Could you please answer my question?
Could you please ask Tom if he's going out tonight?
Could you please ask Tom if he's going to Boston?
Could you please ask Tom if he's going to do that today?
Could you please ask Tom if he's going to help us do that?
Could you please ask Tom if he's planning to help us?
Could you please ask Tom to wait for us?
Could you please autograph this book?
Could you please be a little quieter?
Could you please be quiet?
Could you please be quiet? I'm trying to study.
Could you please be quiet? Tom is sleeping.
Could you please be quieter?
Could you please be quieter? Sami is sleeping.
Could you please be quieter? Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Could you please be quieter? Tom is sleeping.
Could you please briefly introduce yourself?
Could you please briefly introduce yourselves?
Could you please bring me a clean knife?
Could you please bring me a glass of water?
Could you please bring some aspirin to my room?
Could you please buy that for Tom?
Could you please buy this book for me?
Could you please call a doctor?
Could you please call and give Tom my apologies?
Could you please call him into the meeting?
Could you please call me back tomorrow?
Could you please call me every day?
Could you please calm down?
Could you please carry this upstairs?
Could you please check the door to make sure that it's locked?
Could you please check your cell phone before you finish work?
Could you please clarify a few things for me?
Could you please clear the table?
Could you please clear the weeds from the garden and water the flowers in the flowerbed for me?
Could you please close that window?
Could you please close the blinds?
Could you please close the door?
Could you please close the kitchen cabinets?
Could you please close the window?
Could you please close the windows before you leave?
Could you please close the windows?
Could you please come as soon as possible?
Could you please come now?
Could you please come over here?
Could you please come shopping with me?
Could you please come to my office for a moment?
Could you please come with me?
Could you please confirm that for me in writing?
Could you please confirm the price by email?
Could you please confirm the price by fax?
Could you please confirm the price for this?
Could you please copy this report?
Could you please crack open a window?
Could you please deal with these problems?
Could you please delete these pictures?
Could you please delete this photo?
Could you please delete this picture?
Could you please dig this hole a little deeper?
Could you please do it by tomorrow at the latest?
Could you please do me a favor?
Could you please do me a small favor?
Could you please do something?
Could you please do that for Tom?
Could you please do that for me?
Could you please down the music a little?
Could you please drive a little faster?
Could you please drive me home?
Could you please dry your hands? There's a towel over there.
Could you please elaborate?
Could you please exchange some small change with me?
Could you please excuse us?
Could you please expand the topic a little?
Could you please expand the topic?
Could you please explain it once more?
Could you please explain that to me?
Could you please explain this to me?
Could you please explain what's going on here?
Could you please explain what’s going on here?
Could you please fill out this form for me?
Could you please fill out this form?
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
Could you please find the missing key. I can’t open the pantry.
Could you please fix this flat tire?
Could you please fix this?
Could you please follow up on that idea after the meeting?
Could you please get me a taxi?
Could you please get me another warm towel?
Could you please get me something to eat?
Could you please get out of my way?
Could you please get some more paper from the stockroom? We ran out.
Could you please get the door for me?
Could you please get the jar of peanut butter from the top shelf for me?
Could you please gift-wrap it please?
Could you please give Tom this?
Could you please give her this?
Could you please give him this?
Could you please give me a hand?
Could you please give me a little more time?
Could you please give me a piece of information?
Could you please give me a quick tour?
Could you please give me a tip?
Could you please give me back my key?
Could you please give me some information?
Could you please give me some more examples of that?
Could you please give me some time?
Could you please give me the number for the police?
Could you please give me the pencil?
Could you please give me your cellphone number?
Could you please give the baby a bath?
Could you please give this to Tom?
Could you please give this to him?
Could you please go buy bread at the baker's, two small ones and a large one please? And if they ran out, you can buy four thin baguettes instead.
Could you please go to the shop and get some bread?
Could you please go to the supermarket and buy me some butter?
Could you please go?
Could you please have Tom call me?
Could you please have a look at this?
Could you please heat this soup up a bit?
Could you please heat up this soup a bit?
Could you please help Tom do that?
Could you please help Tom?
Could you please help me a little?
Could you please help me do that?
Could you please help me do this?
Could you please help me figure this out?
Could you please help me find a place to hide?
Could you please help me fold the laundry?
Could you please help me light the candles?
Could you please help me move these boxes out of the way?
Could you please help me with my schoolwork right now?
Could you please help me?
Could you please help me? I've lost an important document.
Could you please help me? I’ve lost an important document.
Could you please hold this end?
Could you please hurry up, sir?
Could you please hurry?
Could you please introduce yourself?
Could you please issue me a visa again?
Could you please just calm down?
Could you please just go?
Could you please just hurry?
Could you please keep an eye on Tom?
Could you please kiss a little bit more slowly?
Could you please leave me alone and buzz off? I need some space right now.
Could you please leave me alone?
Could you please leave the door open?
Could you please leave the room?
Could you please leave us alone?
Could you please leave?
Could you please lend me a toolbox?
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?
Could you please lend me your dictionary?
Could you please lend me your key?
Could you please let him speak?
Could you please let me finish what I'm saying?
Could you please let me rest for a while?
Could you please let me think about it for a while?
Could you please let me through?
Could you please look the other way while I change my clothes?
Could you please lower the volume of the music?
Could you please lower your voice?
Could you please make room for me?
Could you please make three copies of this document?
Could you please make your go faster to give me more pleasure, please?
Could you please move out of my way?
Could you please move out of the way?
Could you please move over to make some room?
Could you please move these boxes?
Could you please move those boxes from over there to here?
Could you please not do that here?
Could you please not do that?
Could you please not eat in here?
Could you please not leave the door open?
Could you please not smoke in this room?
Could you please not talk so loud?
Could you please not talk to me about cakes? I'm in the middle of a diet, and you're making me want one, you know!
Could you please open a window? - Sure.
Could you please open one of the windows?
Could you please open the blinds?
Could you please open the curtains?
Could you please open the door for me?
Could you please open the door?
Could you please open the window?
Could you please open the windows?
Could you please open this can for me?
Could you please order it for me?
Could you please overlook it this time?
Could you please pack this separately?
Could you please park somewhere else?
Could you please pass me the pepper?
Could you please pass me the salt?
Could you please pass the hot sauce?
Could you please pass the potatoes?
Could you please pass the rolls?
Could you please pass the salt?
Could you please pick Shigemi up for me at the day-care center?
Could you please play a tango?
Could you please print this?
Could you please proofread this for me?
Could you please provide a citation?
Could you please pull down the window shade?
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?
Could you please pull the window shade down?
Could you please put it over there?
Could you please put me up for the night?
Could you please put my name on the waiting list?
Could you please put on the tea kettle?
Could you please put some more wood on the fire?
Could you please put that somewhere else?
Could you please put the baby to bed?
Could you please put these books on that table over there?
Could you please put these in the box?
Could you please put this book on the top shelf?
Could you please put this in the box?
Could you please re-schedule the meeting at your convenience?
Could you please read this to me?
Could you please refrain from interrupting me constantly!
Could you please refrain from smoking?
Could you please repeat it once again?
Could you please repeat it slowly?
Could you please repeat that?
Could you please repeat the question?
Could you please repeat what you just said?
Could you please repeat your name?
Could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you?
Could you please ring the bell?
Could you please say that again?
Could you please say that more simply?
Could you please say that once again in French?
Could you please send it to this address?
Could you please send me a pamphlet?
Could you please sharpen these knives?
Could you please sharpen these pencils?
Could you please show Tom how to do that?
Could you please show at least a modicum of decency while the Jacksons are here?
Could you please show me a camera that's cheaper than this one?
Could you please show me how it's done?
Could you please show me how to do that?
Could you please show me the way to the train station?
Could you please show me the way?
Could you please show me your boarding pass?
Could you please show me your passport?
Could you please shut the door?
Could you please shut the window? It's cold in here.
Could you please shut up?
Could you please sign the register?
Could you please sit?
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
Could you please speak a little louder?
Could you please speak a little more quietly?
Could you please speak a little more slowly?
Could you please speak a little slower?
Could you please speak faster?
Could you please speak louder?
Could you please speak louder? I can't hear you.
Could you please speak more quietly? I am feeling hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I am hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I feel hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I have a hangover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I'm hungover.
Could you please speak more slowly?
Could you please speak slower?
Could you please spell your name for me?
Could you please stay and help me clean up?
Could you please stop calling me at every opportunity you can get?
Could you please stop doing that?
Could you please stop saying that?
Could you please stop singing?
Could you please stop stealing my socks?
Could you please stop talking for a minute?
Could you please stop talking for a moment?
Could you please stop talking?
Could you please stop tapping your foot?
Could you please stop that?
Could you please summarize the pertinent points?
Could you please switch the light on?
Could you please take a picture?
Could you please take a seat?
Could you please take care of my dog while I'm in Australia?
Could you please take care of my dog while I'm in Boston?
Could you please take care of this?
Could you please take me back home?
Could you please take me home?
Could you please take me to the station?
Could you please take my name off the list?
Could you please take my picture?
Could you please take off your sunglasses?
Could you please take the dog out for a walk?
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.
Could you please tell Mary I need to talk to her?
Could you please tell Mary that I need to see her?
Could you please tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Could you please tell Tom I need to talk to him?
Could you please tell Tom I'll be about ten minutes late?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary that I need to see them?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Could you please tell Tom he's a total bellend?
Could you please tell Tom how to do that?
Could you please tell Tom not to park here anymore?
Could you please tell Tom that I need his help?
Could you please tell Tom that I need to see him?
Could you please tell Tom to be quiet?
Could you please tell Tom to come to my office?
Could you please tell Tom we need his help?
Could you please tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Could you please tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Could you please tell me again how many times you've been here?
Could you please tell me again how many times you’ve been here?
Could you please tell me again what school you graduated from?
Could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start?
Could you please tell me again where you put the key?
Could you please tell me again who your father is?
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Could you please tell me how much this costs?
Could you please tell me how much this is worth?
Could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh?
Could you please tell me how to do that?
Could you please tell me how to do this once more?
Could you please tell me how to do this?
Could you please tell me how to get there?
Could you please tell me how to get to Lviv?
Could you please tell me how to get to Park Street from here?
Could you please tell me how to get to the airport?
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
Could you please tell me how to spell your name?
Could you please tell me if there are any buses passing in front of Shopping IGUATEMI?
Could you please tell me the Wi-Fi password?
Could you please tell me the site where I can track my package?
Could you please tell me the time?
Could you please tell me the truth?
Could you please tell me the way to the station?
Could you please tell me the way?
Could you please tell me the website where I can track my parcel?
Could you please tell me what I'm supposed to be doing?
Could you please tell me what I'm supposed to do?
Could you please tell me what that was about?
Could you please tell me what to do?
Could you please tell me what your cell phone number is?
Could you please tell me what's wrong?
Could you please tell me where Tom's office is?
Could you please tell me where the bathroom is?
Could you please tell me where the closest book store is?
Could you please tell me where the closest bookstore is?
Could you please tell me where the closest hotel is?
Could you please tell me where the closest library is?
Could you please tell me where the hotel is?
Could you please tell me where the nearest church is?
Could you please tell me where the produce section is?
Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?
Could you please tell me where to put this?
Could you please tell me which way I should go?
Could you please tell me who you are?
Could you please tell me why you love Tom?
Could you please tell me why you love her?
Could you please tell me why you were late?
Could you please tell me why your were late?
Could you please tell me why?
Could you please tell me your height and weight?
Could you please tell me your mobile phone number?
Could you please tell me your name again?
Could you please tell me your name?
Could you please tell me your room number?
Could you please tell us more about that?
Could you please transfer me to Mr. Smith?
Could you please translate this for me?
Could you please translate this report into French?
Could you please try calling this number again?
Could you please turn around?
Could you please turn down the heat?
Could you please turn down the music?
Could you please turn off the TV?
Could you please turn off the air conditioner?
Could you please turn off the heat?
Could you please turn off the radio for me?
Could you please turn on the air conditioner?
Could you please turn on the heat?
Could you please turn on the light?
Could you please turn on the lights?
Could you please turn on the radio?
Could you please turn the heat off?
Could you please turn the light on?
Could you please turn the lights on?
Could you please turn the radio on?
Could you please turn up the heat?
Could you please turn your television down?
Could you please unlock the door for me?
Could you please untie this knot for me?
Could you please wait a minute?
Could you please wait for just a moment?
Could you please wait here?
Could you please wait just a moment for us? Then we'll go with you.
Could you please wait just couple of minutes?
Could you please wait until I'm finished?
Could you please wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow?
Could you please wake me up tomorrow morning?
Could you please wash this apple for me?
Could you please wipe off the table?
Could you please wipe the dust off the table?
Could you please wipe the table?
Could you please write it down?
Could you please write that down for me?
Could you please write that down?
Could you please write your name here?
Could you please zip up my dress?
Could you point me in the right direction?
Could you pop the trunk?
Could you possibly have said the wrong thing?
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?
Could you possibly translate this for me?
Could you post this letter for me?
Could you pour some coffee in my cup?
Could you prepare the salad?
Could you press this button?
Could you proofread my essay?
Could you proofread this document for me?
Could you prop up this mirror against that wall for me?
Could you provide me with the sales projections?
Could you pull over for a second?
Could you pull over?
Could you push it back an hour?
Could you push the door open?
Could you put a bit of honey in my tea?
Could you put a little sunscreen on my back?
Could you put a period at the end of your sentence, please?
Could you put all of them in a large bag?
Could you put aside this suit for me?
Could you put it in a shopping bag for me?
Could you put it in plain language?
Could you put it on the table?
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
Could you put some ice cubes in my glass?
Could you put something in the car?
Could you put sunscreen on my back?
Could you put that bag somewhere else?
Could you put the dishes in the dishwasher?
Could you put these bags in the boot?
Could you put these bags in the trunk?
Could you put these books on the shelf?
Could you put these boxes in the store room?
Could you put these fragile things in a safe place?
Could you put these in a box?
Could you put this bag in another place?
Could you put this bag somewhere else?
Could you put this book on the top shelf?
Could you put this coat somewhere?
Could you put this in a doggy bag for me?
Could you put this in the car for me?
Could you put this into the box on the table, and then put that box over with all the other boxes?
Could you put this luggage on a shelf?
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
Could you put this shirt into the washing machine?
Could you put this suit aside for me?
Could you put those bags in the car for me?
Could you put those documents on my desk?
Could you put your car somewhere else, please?
Could you put your cup on a coaster?
Could you put your question in concrete terms?
Could you put your seat back up a little?
Could you quickly thread this needle for me?
Could you quit doing that?
Could you rate your pain on a scale of 0 to 10, with 10 being the most painful?
Could you read it?
Could you read the electricity and gas meters, please?
Could you read this for me?
Could you read this phrase and translate it into your languages?
Could you read this sentence and translate it into your language, please?
Could you rearrange this list so it's in alphabetical order?
Could you recite the alphabet backwards, please?
Could you recommend a cheap boarding house?
Could you recommend a few French singers?
Could you recommend a few good singers that I should listen to?
Could you recommend a good Arabic teacher for my son?
Could you recommend a good book about how different cultures approach traditions around death?
Could you recommend a good book?
Could you recommend a good restaurant?
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
Could you recommend a place to stay in Boston?
Could you recommend an inexpensive restaurant?
Could you recommend another hotel?
Could you recommend comfortable shoes?
Could you recommend me a hotel?
Could you reduce the price a little?
Could you relax?
Could you remind Tom to call his cardiologist?
Could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:00 p.m. tomorrow?
Could you remind me when the meeting starts?
Could you remove your glasses?
Could you repeat it?
Could you repeat that again?
Could you repeat that last bit?
Could you repeat that last part?
Could you repeat that slower?
Could you repeat that using simpler words?
Could you repeat that, please?
Could you repeat that?
Could you repeat the question, please?
Could you repeat the question?
Could you repeat this?
Could you repeat what you just said?
Could you repeat?
Could you rephrase that?
Could you replenish the stock?
Could you reply to the message I sent you earlier today?
Could you reword that sentence? It sounds a bit forced like this.
Could you rewrite this sentence? It is not clear.
Could you ride a bicycle when you were three years old?
Could you ring Tom and tell him we're on our way?
Could you ring me back tomorrow?
Could you ring up these books for me?
Could you roll up your sleeve?
Could you rub some suntan lotion on me?
Could you run more slowly?
Could you run to the store and buy a couple more bottles of red wine?
Could you run to the store and buy a couple of bottles of red wine?
Could you save me a couple of cookies?
Could you save this dress for me?
Could you say a few words about the BDS campaign?
Could you say it in Berber so that people understand?
Could you say no?
Could you say that again, please?
Could you say that again?
Could you say that in Berber?
Could you say that in plain English?
Could you say that one more time?
Could you say your name again, please?
Could you scan this for me?
Could you schedule a meeting for tomorrow?
Could you scoot over?
Could you see if the problem still exists?
Could you see me off?
Could you see that Tom gets this?
Could you see that happening?
Could you send Mary a lily for me?
Could you send a repairman today?
Could you send it by e-mail?
Could you send it by email?
Could you send it to Tom?
Could you send it to this address?
Could you send it via e-mail?
Could you send it via email?
Could you send me a brochure?
Could you send me a map by facsimile?
Could you send me a photo of you?
Could you send me a photo?
Could you send me a picture of you?
Could you send me a picture?
Could you send me more details by email?
Could you send me more information by email?
Could you send me some money?
Could you send me some pictures?
Could you send me the pictures you took of us yesterday?
Could you send me the schematic for this?
Could you send me your last catalogue, please?
Could you send someone up for my bags, please?
Could you send someone up to make the bed?
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry?
Could you send the photo that was taken yesterday?
Could you send them a brochure?
Could you send this letter for me?
Could you send this letter to Japan?
Could you send up a Band-Aid and some medicine?
Could you send up some aspirin?
Could you send up some stomach medicine?
Could you send us a brochure?
Could you serve this meal without salt?
Could you set a date soon so I can see the house?
Could you set the dinner table?
Could you set the table for dinner, please?
Could you set the table?
Could you sew on that button for me?
Could you sew this button on my shirt for me?
Could you share the table?
Could you share your honest opinion on this issue?
Could you sharpen my knife for me?
Could you sharpen these pencils for me?
Could you sharpen this knife for me, please?
Could you sharpen this pencil for me?
Could you shout to Tom and tell him it's breakfast time?
Could you show Sami where the parking lot is?
Could you show Tom around?
Could you show Tom how to do that?
Could you show Tom how to use this application?
Could you show Tom where the parking lot is?
Could you show her around?
Could you show him around?
Could you show it to Tom?
Could you show me a better way to do that?
Could you show me a camera less expensive than this one?
Could you show me a camera that's cheaper than this one?
Could you show me a picture of Tom?
Could you show me a safer way to do that?
Could you show me another one, please?
Could you show me another one?
Could you show me another room?
Could you show me around?
Could you show me how this works?
Could you show me how to change the volume?
Could you show me how to do that?
Could you show me how to do this?
Could you show me how to personalize my desktop?
Could you show me how to start this machine?
Could you show me how to use a snorkel?
Could you show me how to use that machine?
Could you show me how to use this machine?
Could you show me how to use this pump?
Could you show me how to use this?
Could you show me how you did that?
Could you show me something else?
Could you show me that necktie?
Could you show me that tie?
Could you show me that, please?
Could you show me that?
Could you show me the campus?
Could you show me the city?
Could you show me the list?
Could you show me the second candle?
Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
Could you show me the way to the port?
Could you show me the way to the station?
Could you show me the way to the theater?
Could you show me the way to the theatre?
Could you show me the way to the town hall, please?
Could you show me the way to the train station?
Could you show me the way?
Could you show me this bag?
Could you show me those photos?
Could you show me what you bought yesterday?
Could you show me what you're serving in the buffet?
Could you show me what you're serving?
Could you show me what you’re serving in the buffet?
Could you show me what you’re serving?
Could you show me where I am on the map?
Could you show me where I am on this map?
Could you show me where it was found?
Could you show me where the bathroom is?
Could you show me where to insert the battery on this device?
Could you show me your boarding pass?
Could you show me your license and registration, please?
Could you show me your receipt?
Could you show me your return ticket?
Could you show them around?
Could you show us another room?
Could you show us around?
Could you shut that fan off?
Could you shut the door?
Could you shut the fuck up just one second?
Could you shut the window?
Could you shut up for a second?
Could you shut up?
Could you sign here, please?
Could you sign here?
Could you sign my book?
Could you sign this?
Could you simplify it for me?
Could you sing for us?
Could you sing something for everyone?
Could you sit over there?
Could you sit there? Thank you.
Could you sit with Tom?
Could you skip the introduction?
Could you slice the potatoes?
Could you slow down?
Could you smile?
Could you solve the problem?
Could you sort this list alphabetically?
Could you sort this list so that it's in alphabetical order?
Could you spare a dollar?
Could you spare a few hours?
Could you spare a moment?
Could you spare me a dollar, please?
Could you spare me a few minutes?
Could you spare me a little time?
Could you speak a bit more slowly?
Could you speak a little less loudly?
Could you speak a little louder please?
Could you speak a little louder?
Could you speak as slowly as possible?
Could you speak louder? I'm hard of hearing.
Could you speak louder? I’m hard of hearing.
Could you speak more slowly, please?
Could you speak more slowly?
Could you speak more slowly? I'm having trouble processing what you're saying.
Could you speak to Tom?
Could you speak to her?
Could you speak to him?
Could you speak to them?
Could you speak up a little, please?
Could you speak up just a little bit?
Could you speak up, please?
Could you speak up?
Could you speak up? I can't hear you.
Could you speak up? I can’t hear you.
Could you speed it up, please?
Could you spell it, please?
Could you spell that for me, please?
Could you spell that, please?
Could you spell that?
Could you spell your name for me, please?
Could you spell your name, please?
Could you splice these two pieces of rope together for me?
Could you squirt some shampoo into my hand?
Could you stand behind my car for a minute and tell me if my brake lights are working?
Could you stand up, please?
Could you stay a little longer?
Could you stay a minute?
Could you stay a while longer?
Could you stay and help me?
Could you stay here for a while?
Could you stay here for now?
Could you stay just a little bit longer?
Could you stay out of this?
Could you stay with me?
Could you stick around after the party and help me clean up?
Could you stop at the corner there, please?
Could you stop by my office after 2:30?
Could you stop causing trouble?
Could you stop checking your phone every 30 seconds?
Could you stop doing that?
Could you stop it with that noise? I'm trying to get some rest.
Could you stop lecturing me, please?
Could you stop moving for a minute?
Could you stop saying that?
Could you stop showing off?
Could you stop tapping your foot?
Could you stop that, please?
Could you stop, please?
Could you subscribe to our newspaper?
Could you suggest a good beauty parlor near here?
Could you suggest an alternative date?
Could you suggest another date?
Could you suggest where I might be able to buy a nice T-shirt for my boyfriend?
Could you suggest where we can have dinner tonight?
Could you summarise the relevant points, please?
Could you summarize it for me?
Could you survive alone in the wilderness?
Could you swim across this river?
Could you switch off the microphone?
Could you switch off the mike?
Could you switch on the light, please?
Could you switch the light on, please?
Could you tackle this?
Could you take Tom to hospital?
Could you take Tom to school?
Could you take a look at these papers?
Could you take a look at this document and tell me if it's OK?
Could you take a look?
Could you take a message?
Could you take a photo of me?
Could you take a photo of us?
Could you take a picture of me and my friends?
Could you take a picture of me and my parents?
Could you take a picture of me?
Could you take a picture of us?
Could you take a picture with us?
Could you take care of Tom?
Could you take care of my dog for a while?
Could you take care of my dog while I'm away?
Could you take care of our pets while we're away?
Could you take care of that?
Could you take care of the baby for a while?
Could you take me as far as my hotel?
Could you take me for a ride in your new car?
Could you take me home, please?
Could you take me home?
Could you take me there?
Could you take me to a hospital, please?
Could you take me to a movie?
Could you take me to the Grand Hotel?
Could you take me to the Hilton Hotel?
Could you take me to the cinema?
Could you take me to this seat?
Could you take my picture?
Could you take off the price tag for me?
Could you take one more picture?
Could you take our picture?
Could you take out the trash?
Could you take over for me?
Could you take some photos of your city for me?
Could you take some pictures of us?
Could you take the luggage upstairs?
Could you take this book for me?
Could you take this for me to my car please?
Could you take this inside for me?
Could you take this stuff and burn it?
Could you take this to me to the car please?
Could you take this, please?
Could you take your seats, please?
Could you talk a little about that?
Could you talk a little slower?
Could you talk more slowly, please?
Could you talk to Tom for me?
Could you talk to Tom?
Could you talk to her for me?
Could you talk to her?
Could you talk to him for me?
Could you talk to him?
Could you talk to them?
Could you teach me English?
Could you teach me French?
Could you teach me Macedonian?
Could you teach me Swedish?
Could you teach me how people distinguish between these words in common usage?
Could you teach me how to do that?
Could you teach me how to drive a tractor?
Could you teach me how to drive?
Could you teach me how to fight?
Could you teach me how to parallel park?
Could you teach me how to play chess?
Could you teach me how to play the piano?
Could you teach me how to skate?
Could you teach me how to tie a square knot?
Could you teach me how to tie a tie?
Could you teach me how to tune a guitar?
Could you teach me some French phrases that I might need?
Could you teach me some French words?
Could you teach me some French?
Could you teach me some Vietnamese phrases, please?
Could you teach me the patterns of the verb?
Could you teach me to parallel park?
Could you teach me your language?
Could you tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Could you tell Peter that we're on our way too?
Could you tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Could you tell Tom something for me?
Could you tell Tom that I stopped by?
Could you tell Tom that I'll be a few minutes late?
Could you tell Tom that Marie called him?
Could you tell Tom that we're on our way?
Could you tell Tom to come to work an hour early tomorrow?
Could you tell Tom we're on our way?
Could you tell Tom what to do?
Could you tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Could you tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Could you tell Tom, please?
Could you tell her, please?
Could you tell him, please?
Could you tell how to get to the nearest supermarket?
Could you tell me Tom's address?
Could you tell me a little about yourself?
Could you tell me a little bit about yourself?
Could you tell me about Fyodor at school?
Could you tell me about Tom's eating habits?
Could you tell me about Tom?
Could you tell me about the problem?
Could you tell me about your company?
Could you tell me about your trip to Australia?
Could you tell me about your trip to Boston?
Could you tell me all the details?
Could you tell me how much this costs?
Could you tell me how old Tom and Mary are?
Could you tell me how old Tom is?
Could you tell me how old are you?
Could you tell me how that happened?
Could you tell me how to adjust the volume?
Could you tell me how to call this number?
Could you tell me how to conjugate a verb?
Could you tell me how to delete this sentence?
Could you tell me how to do that?
Could you tell me how to get there?
Could you tell me how to get to Grafton street from here?
Could you tell me how to get to Lyly’s Coffee shop?
Could you tell me how to get to Osaka station?
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street from here?
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street?
Could you tell me how to get to Tom's house?
Could you tell me how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Could you tell me how to get to the art museum?
Could you tell me how to get to the ballpark?
Could you tell me how to get to the bus stop?
Could you tell me how to get to the nearest post office?
Could you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Could you tell me how to get to the post office?
Could you tell me how to get to the railway station, please?
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
Could you tell me how to get to the subway station?
Could you tell me how to get to the zoo?
Could you tell me how to get to your house?
Could you tell me how to get to your office?
Could you tell me how to operate this word processor?
Could you tell me how to refer to the podium for an awards ceremony? The "winner's stand"?
Could you tell me how to refer to the podium for an awards ceremony? The "winner’s stand"?
Could you tell me how to use the telephone?
Could you tell me how to use this washing machine?
Could you tell me how you did that?
Could you tell me if there are any errors in that file?
Could you tell me if there are any mistakes in this sentence?
Could you tell me more about it?
Could you tell me more about that?
Could you tell me my balance?
Could you tell me something about Tom?
Could you tell me something about your family?
Could you tell me something about your school?
Could you tell me something about yourself?
Could you tell me the ETA?
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password, please?
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?
Could you tell me the exact time, please?
Could you tell me the reasons why you did that?
Could you tell me the time?
Could you tell me the way to Madame Tussaud's?
Could you tell me the way to Madame Tussaud’s?
Could you tell me the way to Tokyo Tower?
Could you tell me the way to the port?
Could you tell me the way to the station, please?
Could you tell me the way to the station?
Could you tell me the way to the subway station?
Could you tell me the way to the zoo?
Could you tell me the way?
Could you tell me what I have to do?
Could you tell me what I missed?
Could you tell me what I need to buy?
Could you tell me what I need to do?
Could you tell me what I should be doing?
Could you tell me what I should do next?
Could you tell me what I should do?
Could you tell me what I'm supposed to be doing?
Could you tell me what Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Could you tell me what Tom is planning to do?
Could you tell me what happened here?
Could you tell me what happened to Tom?
Could you tell me what happened?
Could you tell me what language this document is written in?
Could you tell me what language this is written in?
Could you tell me what my choices are?
Could you tell me what my options are?
Could you tell me what needs to be done?
Could you tell me what that entails?
Could you tell me what that means?
Could you tell me what this is about?
Could you tell me what this is all about?
Could you tell me what this is used for?
Could you tell me what this is?
Could you tell me what this paragraph means?
Could you tell me what this sentence means?
Could you tell me what time it is, please?
Could you tell me what time it is?
Could you tell me what time the meeting is going to start?
Could you tell me what time the zoo closes?
Could you tell me what to do?
Could you tell me what to put here?
Could you tell me what you have to do?
Could you tell me what you need to do?
Could you tell me what you saw?
Could you tell me what you want to do?
Could you tell me what your specific requirements are?
Could you tell me what's bothering you?
Could you tell me what's going on here?
Could you tell me what's going on?
Could you tell me what's happening here?
Could you tell me what's in this dish?
Could you tell me when I have to leave, please?
Could you tell me when the train leaves for Paris?
Could you tell me where Adlon Hotel is located?
Could you tell me where I can find the baggage for flight JL 123?
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
Could you tell me where I can get a subway?
Could you tell me where I can get a train?
Could you tell me where I can park my car?
Could you tell me where I can park?
Could you tell me where I can put my coat?
Could you tell me where I could find a hotel?
Could you tell me where I could go to get a square meal?
Could you tell me where I'll be sleeping?
Could you tell me where Tom and Mary are?
Could you tell me where Tom is?
Could you tell me where Tom lives?
Could you tell me where Tom's office is?
Could you tell me where can I buy another one of these?
Could you tell me where it is?
Could you tell me where the bathroom is?
Could you tell me where the bookstore is?
Could you tell me where the bus stop is?
Could you tell me where the bus stops?
Could you tell me where the closest supermarket is?
Could you tell me where the library is?
Could you tell me where the nearest church is?
Could you tell me where the nearest drugstore is?
Could you tell me where the nearest telephone box is?
Could you tell me where the post office is?
Could you tell me where the zoo is?
Could you tell me where you got that?
Could you tell me which bus goes to the zoo?
Could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town?
Could you tell me which way I should go?
Could you tell me who did this?
Could you tell me who won?
Could you tell me why you did it?
Could you tell me why you did that?
Could you tell me why you love her?
Could you tell me why you were late?
Could you tell me why you weren't at the meeting?
Could you tell me why you weren't here yesterday?
Could you tell me your cell phone number, please?
Could you tell me your mobile number please?
Could you tell me your name again?
Could you tell me your name and your number?
Could you tell me your name, please?
Could you tell me your name?
Could you tell me your present address?
Could you tell me, please, where Tom is?
Could you tell me?
Could you tell the group something about yourself?
Could you tell them, please?
Could you tell us a little about yourself?
Could you tell us a little about yourselves?
Could you tell us a story?
Could you tell us more about your journey to Islam?
Could you tell us more about yourself?
Could you tell us more about yourselves?
Could you tell us more?
Could you tell us something about yourself?
Could you tell us something about yourselves?
Could you tell us what happened next?
Could you tell us what happened?
Could you tell us what you heard or saw?
Could you tell us what you saw?
Could you tell us why you don't like this city?
Could you tell us why you're here?
Could you tell what he said?
Could you tell what it was?
Could you tell your parents to adopt me?
Could you thread the needle for me?
Could you three leave us alone?
Could you throw out the trash?
Could you throw this away for me?
Could you tidy up this room a bit?
Could you tie it with a ribbon?
Could you tie me up?
Could you toss me an orange?
Could you translate for me?
Could you translate it for me?
Could you translate some sentences for me?
Could you translate that for me?
Could you translate this document into French for me?
Could you translate this document into French?
Could you translate this document to French for me?
Could you translate this document to French?
Could you translate this for me?
Could you translate this into French for me?
Could you translate this letter to French?
Could you translate this sentence for me?
Could you translate this sentence into English?
Could you translate this sentence into Japanese for me?
Could you translate this sentence to French?
Could you translate this sentence to Spanish?
Could you translate this sentence?
Could you try being less annoying?
Could you try this on?
Could you try to be a little less selfish for a change?
Could you tune my guitar for me?
Could you turn around, please?
Could you turn around?
Could you turn down the TV?
Could you turn down the music a little?
Could you turn down the music, please?
Could you turn down the music?
Could you turn down the radio?
Could you turn down the volume, please?
Could you turn down the volume?
Could you turn it down?
Could you turn off the TV?
Could you turn off the light?
Could you turn off the lights?
Could you turn off the radio, please?
Could you turn off the radio?
Could you turn off your cell phone during dinner?
Could you turn off your cellphone during dinner?
Could you turn off your mobile phone during dinner?
Could you turn on the air conditioner?
Could you turn on the light, please?
Could you turn on the light?
Could you turn on the lights?
Could you turn on the radio?
Could you turn on your headlights?
Could you turn that down, please?
Could you turn that fan off?
Could you turn the heat down, please?
Could you turn the light off?
Could you turn the light on, please?
Could you turn the light on?
Could you turn the light on? We cannot see anything.
Could you turn the lights off?
Could you turn the lights on?
Could you turn the music down a bit, please?
Could you turn the music down a bit? I'm trying to concentrate here!
Could you turn the music down?
Could you turn the radio down?
Could you turn the television down a bit?
Could you turn the telly down a bit?
Could you turn the volume down?
Could you turn the volume up? I can't make out what they're saying from my apartment.
Could you tweak the audio settings a little? The bass is too loud.
Could you type this letter for me?
Could you undraw the curtains?
Could you use a little help?
Could you use an example to explain what you're trying to say?
Could you use an extra pair of hands?
Could you use my help?
Could you use some 5.1 speakers?
Could you use some help?
Could you use this?
Could you vacuum the living room today?
Could you verify that your computer is plugged in?
Could you verify this?
Could you wait a little while?
Could you wait a moment for me?
Could you wait a moment?
Could you wait for a few minutes, please?
Could you wait for a minute?
Could you wait for a moment?
Could you wait for me a bit?
Could you wait for me a moment?
Could you wait here for a moment?
Could you wait here for now?
Could you wait here for the moment.
Could you wait here for the moment?
Could you wait just a minute?
Could you wait outside?
Could you wait until after Monday?
Could you wake me tomorrow at seven?
Could you wake me tomorrow morning at a quarter to seven, please?
Could you wake me up at 2:30?
Could you wake me up at eight in the morning?
Could you wake me up at seven?
Could you wake me up at the same time tomorrow?
Could you wake me up at two-thirty?
Could you wake me up when Tom and Mary get here?
Could you wake me up when Tom gets here?
Could you walk a little more slowly?
Could you walk a little slower?
Could you walk me through the procedure?
Could you walk over to the minimart and buy me some sausage?
Could you walk the dog?
Could you warm it up again?
Could you warn me next time?
Could you wash my car?
Could you wash my clothes for me?
Could you wash my clothes?
Could you wash the car, please?
Could you wash the dishes?
Could you wash up before you leave?
Could you wash up when you've finished that?
Could you wash up, please?
Could you wash your hands?
Could you wash your own laundry, please?
Could you watch Tom while I run to the store?
Could you watch my dog this spring?
Could you watch my dog?
Could you watch my things?
Could you watch the children?
Could you watch the dogs?
Could you watch the kids?
Could you watch the place?
Could you water my garden for me while I'm away?
Could you water my plants for me while I'm away?
Could you water my plants for me while I'm on vacation?
Could you water my plants while I'm away?
Could you weed the garden and water the flowers?
Could you weigh it again, please?
Could you wipe down the bathroom sink after brushing your teeth?
Could you wipe down the countertops, please?
Could you wipe down the kitchen counters, please?
Could you wipe off the table? It's very sticky.
Could you wrap it as a gift?
Could you wrap it for mailing?
Could you wrap it for me?
Could you wrap it in Christmas wrapping?
Could you wrap it up as a gift?
Could you wrap them up separately?
Could you wrap this for me?
Could you wrap this separately, please?
Could you write down the address, please?
Could you write down the chord progression for this song?
Could you write it down, please?
Could you write it for me, please?
Could you write me a letter of recommendation?
Could you write me directions to the restaurant?
Could you write that down for me?
Could you write that down, please?
Could you write that down?
Could you write this sentence again? It's not clear.
Could you write this sentence again? It’s not clear.
Could you write with a ballpoint pen?
Could you write your name here?
Could you zip me up?
Could you, please, elaborate?
Could you, please, lend me your car tomorrow?
Could you, please, spare me in front of my children?
Could your scarf be in the chest of drawers?
Couldn't Tom do that?
Couldn't Tom do this?
Couldn't Tom have been lying?
Couldn't Tom help?
Couldn't Tom read it?
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Couldn't it have been done differently?
Couldn't it have waited?
Couldn't it wait until after Christmas?
Couldn't the insolvency have been avoided?
Couldn't they give them twenty-two balls, one ball for each of them?
Couldn't they have avoided insolvency?
Couldn't they have picked a better time?
Couldn't they help, or didn't they want to?
Couldn't they help, or wouldn't they?
Couldn't they or wouldn't they help?
Couldn't those parts have been replaced?
Couldn't we cuddle, instead?
Couldn't we go for a walk outside?
Couldn't we have translated this word?
Couldn't we talk this over?
Couldn't we wait a little longer?
Couldn't you at least have warned me?
Couldn't you at least smile?
Couldn't you be a little more patient?
Couldn't you come here?
Couldn't you do that for me?
Couldn't you do that later?
Couldn't you do that, please?
Couldn't you drive faster?
Couldn't you drive me to the station?
Couldn't you find anything better?
Couldn't you give me some advice?
Couldn't you go someplace else?
Couldn't you go somewhere else?
Couldn't you have at least warned me?
Couldn't you have come earlier?
Couldn't you have come sooner?
Couldn't you have just waited a week?
Couldn't you have picked the left one?
Couldn't you have said so earlier?
Couldn't you have told me about that yesterday?
Couldn't you have warned me, at least?
Couldn't you help me first?
Couldn't you help me with my homework?
Couldn't you help us just this once?
Couldn't you just do it later?
Couldn't you just do that later?
Couldn't you just leave me alone?
Couldn't you just let me off with a warning?
Couldn't you take me to the station in the car?
Couldn't you wait another month to come?
Couldn't you wait for everyone else to get ready?
Couldn't you wait for the others to be prepared?
Couldn't you've at least warned me?
Couldn't your translation be a little more faithful to the Japanese?
Couldn’t Harry help?
Couldn’t it have been avoided?
Couldn’t it have been prevented altogether?
Couldn’t they have been more prepared?
Couldn’t they have chosen a better time?
Couldn’t they have done more to prevent it?
Couldn’t they have done more to prevent this?
Couldn’t they have done more?
Couldn’t they have found a better solution?
Couldn’t they have seen it coming?
Couldn’t they have tried harder?
Couldn’t this wait until tomorrow?
Couldn’t we cuddle, instead?
Couldn’t we have foreseen this earlier?
Couldn’t we have foreseen this?
Couldn’t we have prepared better?
Couldn’t we have started sooner?
Couldn’t we have tried harder from the start?
Couldn’t we have tried harder?
Couldn’t you have asked earlier?
Couldn’t you keep that to yourself?
Councilwoman Jackie Clarkson did not go on the trip to the Netherlands, but she says she supports the idea of drawing on expertise from other places in the world that are threatened by flooding.
Counseling is by appointment only.
Counselling or arbitration is often the best way to solve disputes among members of the public.
Count Tom out of it.
Count as one fractions of half a yen and over, but ignore those of less.
Count from 10 down to zero.
Count from one to a hundred.
Count from one to ten.
Count how much money you have left to see if we must go to the bank.
Count me in on this.
Count me in!
Count me in.
Count me out if that's what you're planning to do.
Count me out if you go bowling.
Count me out.
Count no man happy until he is dead.
Count on it.
Count on me.
Count the apples in the basket.
Count the cash.
Count the goats and ensure none are missing.
Count the money.
Count the people on the bus, and don't forget to include yourself.
Count to Mississippi.
Count to forty in Berber.
Count to one hundred.
Count to ten in Berber.
Count to ten in French.
Count to ten, everyone.
Count to ten.
Count to thirty.
Count to three.
Count up to thirty.
Count your assets.
Count your blessings every day.
Count your blessings, not your flaws.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Count your blessings, not your problems. Jealousy comes when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Count your blessings.
Count your change.
Counterfeit DVDs from Asian countries have flooded the European market.
Counterinstitutionalizations are reshaping traditional governance models.
Counterintuitively, high temperatures do not always translate to actually heating another object.
Counterintuitively, the cure for my lassitude was exercise.
Countervailing opinions have sadly prevented me from instituting martial law.
Countess, you are charming.
Counting down from 10 can help with anger and anxiety.
Counting money in other people's pockets isn't good, but it's interesting.
Counting my own horse, we have thirty saddle horses.
Counting sheep can make it easier to sleep.
Counting sheep helps you fall asleep.
Counting sheep helps you to fall sleep.
Counting sheep is useful for getting to sleep.
Counting the elephant carcasses and noting the approximate age of those carcasses showed that the deaths were within sustainable levels and the country’s population of elephants was stable, even increasing, corroborating the live elephant counts.
Counting your blessings is important. It shows that you are grateful.
Countless Jews died on crucifixes.
Countless books filled all four walls of his office.
Countless lives have been lost.
Countless lives have been saved by insulin.
Countless lives were lost in Algeria's civil war.
Countless locusts have been sweeping through crop and pasture fields in Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia.
Countless people have written to Tom about his remarks.
Countless people wait their turn in front of the butcher's.
Countless poisonous snakes began rushing into the building.
Countless stars shone in the sky.
Countless stars twinkled in the night sky.
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.
Countries across the globe have reported reduced crime.
Countries are a tool of the international bourgeoisie to divide the workers.
Countries are artificial constructs.
Countries are divided on gay rights.
Countries around the world are preparing for a global outbreak of avian flu. Steven Riley, from the University of Hong Kong, says researchers are developing and stockpiling vaccines. The thinking behind this is that a very small mutation will eventually transform this avian strain into one that can infect humans.
Countries differ in culture.
Countries fight for GOD: gold, oil, and drugs.
Countries like China and India — both facing the problems of air pollution and climate change — are investing heavily in non-fossil-fuel energy — like solar, wind, and especially nuclear power.
Countries like India and Japan are resistant to Christianity. They have faith in their traditional religious systems.
Countries such as Norway and Finland see a lot of snow in winter.
Countries that were formerly subject to colonialism still show its effects generations later.
Countries throughout the world have imposed restrictions on gatherings and travel in response to the pandemic, forcing hundreds of millions of workers and students to remain in their homes.
Countries vary in customs and habits.
Countries want to stem the spread of the virus but limit the economic fallout.
Countries which don't follow the instructions of the United States aren't legal states – at least according to demagogic rhetoric.
Country acquaintances are charming only in the country and only in the summer. In the city in winter they lose half of their appeal.
Country and city houses of the better class vary as greatly as with us,—the one with its ponderous thatched roof and smoke-blackened interior, the other with low roof neatly tiled, or shingled, and the perfection of cleanliness within.
Country girls like to cut red paper into peach and plum blossoms and paste them onto doors and windows.
Country life is healthier than city life.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
Country people are often afraid of strangers.
Country people are traditionally suspicious of strangers.
Country roads aren't as busy as the roads in the city.
Country roads aren't as crowded as city roads.
Country roads aren't so busy as city roads.
County Meath is the historic capital of Ireland!
Coup d'états can threaten the politics.
Coup d’Ã©tats can threaten the politics.
Couples don't usually hold hands in public here.
Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.
Coupons and loyalty chits have traditionally been gimmicks, sometimes luring the incautious into spending more than they would have without the coupons, the loyalty reward catalogs being loaded with cheap and chintzy goods.
Coups are common in African countries.
Courage grows when I take that first step.
Courage grows with danger.
Courage grows with growing danger.
Courage hates cowardice.
Courage is a love affair with the unknown.
Courage is a strange thing: One can never be sure of it.
Courage is a wonderful trait.
Courage is an excellent virtue.
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
Courage is contagious.
Courage is exhilarating.
Courage is like an umbrella: When you need it most you don't have it.
Courage is merely fear that one doesn't show.
Courage is needed to change a custom.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the ability to move forward despite the fear.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the ability to move forward even though one is afraid.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the ability to act in the presence of it.
Courage is quiet strength.
Courage is required of everyone.
Courage is the median between cowardice and foolhardiness.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Courage knows no disgrace.
Courage makes heroes, but trust builds friendship.
Courage needs no words.
Courage, my friend.
Courage, my friends!
Courgettes are a summer vegetable.
Courgettes are green.
Courses in Ladino from the 8th of November.
Courses in analysis begin with the fundamental notions of mathematical logic, important proof techniques, and the construction of real and complex numbers.
Court is adjourned.
Court's adjourned.
Courtesy costs nothing.
Courtesy marked his manner.
Courtships get interesting when one of the two plays hard to get.
Couscous is Carlos's favorite thing.
Couscous is a Berber dish.
Couscous is a Berber word.
Couscous is a local dish.
Couscous is a wholly Berber invention.
Couscous is a word that English has borrowed from Berber.
Couscous is an Algerian dish.
Couscous is eaten with meat and vegetables.
Couscous is eaten with meat.
Couscous is my favorite Algerian food.
Couscous is my favorite dish.
Couscous is not exclusively Kabyle.
Couscous is not specific to Kabylie. It's a dish widely eaten in all of North Africa.
Couscous is one of Kalman's favorites.
Couscous is one of my favorite dishes.
Couscous is served with a sauce of vegetables.
Couscous is served with a vegetable sauce.
Couscous is the local staple.
Couscous is the main course.
Couscous is the traditional dish of Kabylie.
Couscous is too good for you.
Couscous with fish, I have never tried it.
Cousin marriage increases the risk of hereditary disease.
Coventry is a city in the UK.
Coventry is a concrete jungle full of chavs!
Coventry is the UK City of Culture for 2021.
Coventry was at the heart of the 2 Tone scene.
Cover and bake for fifteen minutes, remove cover and bake for fifteen minutes longer.
Cover and cook for about three hours.
Cover and cook over low heat for three hours.
Cover and cook over medium heat for three minutes.
Cover and simmer gently for an hour.
Cover for me.
Cover him.
Cover it up, please.
Cover it up.
Cover it with a plate.
Cover it.
Cover me!
Cover me.
Cover that lumber with a tarp.
Cover the canary's cage at night for a peaceful sleep.
Cover the cut with a bandaid.
Cover the dough to make it rise faster.
Cover the flanks!
Cover the macaroni completely with water.
Cover the macaroni fully with water.
Cover the pan and cook until tender, then remove the cover and continue the cooking until the onions are a light brown.
Cover the parrot's cage at night.
Cover the pot while you cook.
Cover the pot.
Cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil.
Cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to the boil.
Cover the saucepan with a tea towel.
Cover the saucepan.
Cover the seeds with a bit of soil.
Cover the seeds with a little earth.
Cover to keep warm, and set aside.
Cover up the injured man with this blanket.
Cover up, we're going to leave.
Cover up.
Cover your arms.
Cover your ears.
Cover your eye like this please.
Cover your eyes.
Cover your feet with a blanket.
Cover your head when you are in the sun.
Cover your legs.
Cover your mouth and nose with a disposable tissue when coughing or sneezing.
Cover your mouth when coughing or sneezing.
Cover your mouth when sneezing or coughing and then wash your hands.
Cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze.
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.
Cover your mouth when you sneeze.
Cover your mouth.
Cover yourself up, Rima. You look like a slut.
Cover yourself up.
Cover yourself well before going out. It's freezing this morning.
Cover yourself!
Coveralls are one-piece protective wear that is usually worn by people that do heavy, manual work.
Covered with dust, the doll stood in the corner of the room.
Covering approximately 20 percent of the Earth’s surface, the Atlantic Ocean is the second largest ocean basin in the world, following only the Pacific.
Covering approximately 59 million square miles and containing more than half of the free water on Earth, the Pacific is by far the largest of the world’s ocean basins.
Covid affected all of us.
Covid is a bullshit.
Covid vaccination is a billionaire business.
Covid-19 affected Algeria's economy.
Covid-19 is transmitted through respiratory droplets or small particles, such as those in aerosols, produced when an infected person coughs, sneezes, sings, talks or breathes.
Cow milk is for calves and contains growth hormones they need. I am not a calf and would not like to grow up as one.
Cow's milk is better tasting than soy milk.
Cow's milk is for calves and contains growth hormones which they need. I am not a calf and do not want to grow up like one.
Cow's milk is for calves and contains growth hormones. I am not a calf and do not want to grow into one.
Cow's milk is tastier than soy milk.
Coward!
Cowardly, he slinked over to the window and peered suspiciously out into the empty street.
Cowards are scoundrels.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Cowards run at the first sign of danger.
Cowpats lay all across the track.
Cowry shells were used for centuries as a form of money in Africa.
Cows abound on that farm.
Cows and goats are ruminants.
Cows are anything but bright.
Cows are considered a sacred animal in India.
Cows are considered sacred animals in India.
Cows are considered sacred by Hindus.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
Cows are exploited for milk.
Cows are grazing in the meadow.
Cows are herbivores, while dogs are carnivores.
Cows are herbivores.
Cows are herd animals.
Cows are large and their horns are long; sheep are small and their horns are short.
Cows are mammals.
Cows are more useful than any other animal in this country.
Cows are perfect food factories.
Cows are sacred animals in India.
Cows are sacred animals to Hindus.
Cows are sacred to Hindus.
Cows are sacred to many people in India.
Cows are sweet animals.
Cows are, for Hindus, sacred animals.
Cows burp a lot.
Cows eat grass — no gluten!
Cows eat grass.
Cows fed on Brachiaria excrete much less methane, a greenhouse gas. And Cruz says by rotating pineapple and brachiaria grasses every 6 to 8 years, he has tripled the number of cows per hectare and eliminated the use of commercial fertilizers.
Cows give milk.
Cows give their calves milk every morning.
Cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs.
Cows give us milk and chickens, eggs.
Cows give us milk, and hens eggs.
Cows give us milk, and hens, eggs.
Cows give us milk.
Cows grazed peacefully in the lush meadow.
Cows have horns.
Cows have long tails.
Cows have udders.
Cows like to eat grass.
Cows live on grass.
Cows moo.
Cows need a lot of water.
Cows produce milk.
Cows provide us with good milk.
Cows provide us with milk.
Cows spend a lot of time grazing.
Cows spend hours just chewing their cud.
Cows supply milk.
Cows supply us with many things we need.
Cows supply us with milk.
Cows undertake a process called rumination.
Coyotes are a sister species of wolves.
Coyotes are found throughout the United States (except Hawaii) and in most of Canada. Prior to 1900, coyotes were restricted to areas west of the Mississippi in the United States and west of Ontario’s Lake Nipigon in Canada. The coyote’s success is attributed to the coyote’s ability to adapt. Coyotes have adjusted well to human disturbed environments, and now thrive in close proximity to people. The coyote is a member of the canid family, which includes both wolves and domestic dogs.
Coyotes are native to North America.
Coyotes are sisters of wolves.
Coyotes are sometimes called prairie wolves.
Coyotes are the jackals of North America.
Coyotes are wild animals.
Coyotes aren't dogs.
Coyotes aren't nasty.
Coyotes aren't pets.
Coyotes both catch food and eat carrion.
Coyotes can be extremely aggressive.
Coyotes eat carrion.
Coyotes have a high-pitched howl.
Coyotes have bushy tails.
Coyotes have longer and pointier muzzles than wolves.
Coyotes in North America fill the same niche as jackals in Eurasiafrica.
Coyotes killed the cat.
Coyotes usually chase roadrunners without the assistance of Acme products.
Coyotes usually hunt alone.
Coziness is a national icon for us.
Cpt. Morton was ready to attack, but he was forced to stand down.
Crabgrass will easily and quickly take over an entire garden if it's not kept under control.
Crabs and shrimp are crustaceans.
Crabs are crustaceans.
Crabs may look strange. But many people also find them delicious. The blue crab is an especially popular crab for eating in the United States. These crabs can grow up to about 23 centimeters and they get their name from the blue coloring on the legs and claws.
Crabs, lobsters, crayfish, shrimp and prawns are all crustaceans.
Crabs, lobsters, crayfish, shrimp and prawns are crustaceans.
Crack eggs, mix them with a fork, add cheese and tomatoes, then fry it all in a pan.
Crack is very addictive.
Crack the door!
Crack the eggs.
Crack the window a bit. It smells musty in here.
Crack two eggs into a bowl, then whisk them together with some milk.
Crack your window.
Cracker Jacks used to have a toy.
Crackers are baked in an oven, much the same way as bread is.
Cracking up humorless and tasteless jokes about the dead is distastefully disrespectful to the world of the dead.
Cracking your knuckles will give you arthritis.
Cracks are visible in the floorboard.
Cracks split the concrete.
Craft must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
Crafting a perfect Mojito can be a challenge. Achieving the right balance of sweetness, mintiness, and lime is an art.
Craftsmanship isn't something that can be learned overnight.
Craftwork represents an important economic sector in Algeria.
Crafty is the Lord, but malicious He is not.
Craig Patterson, with the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, uses a piece of equipment (resembling a hand-held remote control and antenna) to find a tiny bog turtle, underground.
Craig and Helen offered to have a foursome with us.
Craig got his car towed.
Craig invented a new game.
Craig remembered seeing indigenous San bushmen ply their tracking skills in southern Africa’s Central Kalahari Desert 20 years earlier.
Craigengelt drew his cutlass an inch or two, and then returned it with violence into the scabbard.
Cranberries are a native fruit to North America.
Cranes are big beautiful birds.
Cranes can lift heavy weights but stand on the ground. In contrast, cranes fly gracefully in the sky.
Cranes flying low indicate warm weather.
Craning his scraggly neck down to him, he asked Nick what he was doing down there.
Cranium is the hard bone of head that protects your brain from injury.
Crank up the heat!
Crank up the heater.
Crap is hitting the fan for American banks.
Crap started to form in the kitchen sink.
Crap!
Crap! I fell for his trap!
Crap! I haven't turned on the washing machine yet!
Crap! My girlfriend is already back! What should we do?!
Crap! We're out of vermicelli!
Crap! We’re out of vermicelli!
Crap, I spent too much money.
Crap, I think he saw us.
Crap.
Craps is a game of chance played with dice.
Craps is a piece of cake if you only roll elevens.
Crash! He's fallen.
Crash! She's fallen.
Crash! They've all fallen.
Crashes happen all the time.
Crashes in the early days of commercial jets tended to be caused by technical faults, such as metal fatigue in the airframe or engines.
Crashing on my futon, I turn on the television, anticipating my favourite show.
Craving is not a sin.
Crawl forward is done much more agilely - scuttle like a cockroach!
Crayons can be used in a resist technique to make lovely patterns on dyed Easter eggs.
Crazy but true: In the 21st century, the French still use checks!
Crazy people and children always tell the truth.
Crazy people and smart people are both just as harmless. The real danger is those who are half-crazy and half-smart.
Crazy people don't mind calling themselves crazy, but they hate others calling them that.
Crazy things happen sometimes.
Crazy!
Creaking cars reach the furthest.
Cream always rises to the top.
Cream is Ziri’s favorite treat.
Cream is a white and light yellow liquid composed of concentrated proteins and fat.
Cream puffs are my favorite pastry.
Cream the butter and sugar together.
Create a Website for Free of Cost?
Create a check list.
Create a comfortable and spacious area for your tortoise to move.
Create a cozy hiding spot for your guinea pig in its cage.
Create a distraction.
Create a mind map.
Create a new folder.
Create a positive environment at work.
Create a product page.
Create a savings account.
Create a smoke screen.
Create a social media post that targets teenagers and explains how our product can help them.
Create a to-do list to keep track of your assignments and deadlines.
Create a velvet rope community of preferred customers who get treated like VIPs and get preferential treatment.
Create a verbal portrait of the offender.
Create an outline.
Create this!
Create your own opportunities at work.
Create your own sentences using the examples above as sentence patterns and the reading practice as a model.
Create your personal website.
Created four decades ago as an economic grouping, ASEAN ratified its charter last December in an effort to expand its influence in Asian and global affairs.
Creating Tatoeba was a good idea.
Creating a digital clone of someone's voice is now easier than ever.
Creating a little flower is lengthy work.
Creating an account is free and simple.
Creating creativity itself is improving creativity.
Creating good sauces is my passion.
Creating is harder than destroying.
Creating true security and prosperity for working people in the United States and China alike demands building a more equitable global system that prioritizes human needs over corporate greed and militarism. In the United States, handing billions more in taxpayer dollars to corporations and the Pentagon while inflaming bigotry will not serve these goals.
Creationism is a lie.
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
Creationism is bullshit.
Creationism is pseudoscience.
Creationists were in my prayers today when I saw a program about a German vineyard near Lake Constance. They said the soil was very rich, created by a volcano 15 million years ago.
Creative ideas have been thin on the ground lately.
Creative people create, the non-creative plagiarize, all the others - translate.
Creative people have vivid imaginations.
Creative people tend to ask the best questions, and therefore they get the best answers.
Creativity and uniqueness certainly go a long way.
Creativity is a finite resource.
Creativity is an important aspect for the development of human.
Creativity is an important aspect of human development.
Creativity is everywhere.
Creativity is passion and love.
Creativity is taking things that are already known and combining them in an extraordinary way.
Creativity is the ability to combine familiar elements in unusual ways.
Creativity is the ability to combine familiar things in unusual ways.
Creativity is the ability to combine known elements in a new and unusual way.
Creativity is the key.
Creativity is ubiquitous.
Creativity is what we're looking for.
Creativity loves constraints.
Creatures are God's dreams.
Creatures are the Creator's dreams.
Credit card companies are not looking so hard at credit ratings.
Credit card or cash?
Credit cards are useful but dangerous.
Credit cards give a false sense of economic security.
Credit companies send their customers monthly bills.
Credit is an amount or limit to the extent of which a person may receive goods or money for payment in the future.
Credit is the amount or sum placed at a person's disposal by a bank; a loan of money.
Credit is the amount or sum placed at a person’s disposal by a bank; a loan of money.
Credit relaxation is considered necessary to shore up business.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Credits are units used to measure the contribution that an academic course makes towards attaining your degree. Universities require you to take a certain number of credits to graduate, and a certain number of credits each semester to maintain your status as a full-time student.
Creepers are terrified of cats.
Creepy is good.
Creole cookery is rather spicy.
Creoles develop from pidgins.
Cretans always lie.
Crete is a big Greek island.
Crete is a gorgeous Greek island and Greece's largest.
Crete is an island.
Crete is the fifth largest island in the Mediterranean, after Sicily, Sardinia, Cyprus, and Corsica; Mallorca is the sixth largest.
Crete isn’t a town, is it?
Crete, although its chiefs, Idomeneus and Meriones, are only of secondary rank among the heroes of the Iliad, is obviously one of the most important of Grecian lands.
Crewed expeditions in deep space may be a long time from now, if ever. Zero-gravity conditions and space radiation are deterrents, not to mention the psychological trauma of isolation in outer space and the exorbitant cost financially. The pioneers would have to be fit soldiers.
Crews battling deadly Northern California wildfires braced for a weekend of windy, hot weather that could drive the flames into new areas and threaten more homes.
Crews on space station make contact via video chat with friends and family to feel less separated from their loved ones on Earth.
Cricket fans across India are preparing to bid farewell to legendary batsman Sachin Tendulkar, who is retiring after an extraordinary 24-year career.
Cricket is a game that requires skill.
Cricket is a game that takes skill.
Cricket is being played in India.
Cricket is similar to baseball: both are played with a bat and a ball, for example, and there are batters, outs and pitches.
Cricket is the most popular sport in Bangladesh.
Crickets began to chirp, and more geese and ducks flew overhead.
Crickets were chirping.
Cries of "scab" could be heard as he crossed the picket line.
Crikey!
Crikey, it's after midnight!
Crime does not pay.
Crime doesn't pay in the long run.
Crime doesn't pay.
Crime doesn’t pay.
Crime has gotten worse.
Crime has often been related to poverty.
Crime in some parts of Morocco is very high.
Crime in the streets is increasing.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities.
Crime is down.
Crime is increasing steadily.
Crime is increasing.
Crime is not very high in Algiers.
Crime is on the increase.
Crime is on the rise.
Crime is still steadily on the rise.
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
Crime isn't the major issue.
Crime only seems big because the state has created so many crimes.
Crime rates are as low as they've ever been.
Crime rates are rising.
Crime rates are the lowest they've been in decades.
Crime rates have been consistently decreasing over the past few decades.
Crime rates have gone down significantly over the past decade.
Crimea has salty marshes.
Crimea is Ukraine!
Crimea is a peninsula.
Crimea is almost an island.
Crimea is pretty well fortified.
Crimea isn't part of Russia.
Crimean Tatar is not very popular on Tatoeba.
Crimes against humanity, from genocide to torture, must be met with justice.
Crimes are disproportionately committed by minorities.
Crimes of war and crimes against humanity demand global condemnation.
Crimes rates are the lowest they've ever been.
Crimes sometimes result from ignorance of the law.
Criminal cases of rich men just show how great the power of an attorney can be.
Criminal law, also known as penal law, involves prosecution for an act that has been classified as a crime.
Criminal negligence is evident.
Criminals and the maladjusted were committed to the Experimental Stations where they were used as guinea-pigs by the scientists.
Criminals are deprived of social rights.
Criminals are so stupid.
Criminals generally do not single out police officers.
Criminals never manage to be at peace with themselves.
Criminals often get their guns by stealing them.
Criminals should be punished.
Criminals should go to jail.
Criminals!
Criminals, animals, and other potential dangers can be concealed by darkness.
Cringe is freedom.
Cripes!
Crises are best managed by anticipating them.
Crises do not automatically produce the right recipes against them.
Crisis management involves careful planning and quick decisions.
Crisis management is about staying calm under pressure.
Crisis management is about staying composed under pressure.
Crisis management requires adaptability and quick thinking.
Crisis management requires quick thinking and calm leadership.
Crisis management skills are essential in today's world.
Crisis planning helps minimize the impact of unexpected events.
Crisis planning is key to minimizing damage.
Crisis response needs preparation and communication.
Crisis response requires teamwork and leadership.
Crisis response strategies are essential for protecting communities.
Crispy empanadas make a perfect appetizer.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a footballer.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player.
Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the best soccer players in the world.
Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the world's best soccer players.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored three goals from bicycle kicks this season.
Cristiano Ronaldo transferred to Italy’s Juventus.
Cristina, loosen up for once and come to the party with us!
Cristobal made landfall Wednesday on Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula.
Cris’ comment coming through my high definition tv made me think if it was still true that “you had to be there.” Comparing what I saw in “real definition,” I can attest watching on modern television is in many ways better. The close up perspectives, sweeping panoramic shots, super slow motion replays all display the action as you could never see it from a stadium seat or standing on the sidelines.
Critical race theory emerged out of critical legal studies.
Critical race theory is usually a graduate-level subject.
Critical thinking is an important skill for any career.
Criticism and accusations are like water off a duck's back to him.
Criticism and accusations roll off him.
Criticism doesn't sit well with her.
Criticism from others amplifies the insecurities that constantly haunt me.
Criticism in good faith is good. When it's targeted solely to destruction, I'm not interested.
Criticism is something inherent to humans, just as judgment, contempt, and feces are. Like animals, they lack a basic intelligence to control or try to control it.
Criticism is welcome.
Criticism just bounces off him.
Criticism of "elitism" is often a veiled attack on intellectualism.
Criticism of "elitism" is often a veiled form of anti-intellectualism.
Criticism of "elitism" is often veiled anti-intellectualism.
Criticisms that Japan's market is closed are just sour grapes.
Criticisms that Japan’s market is closed are just sour grapes.
Criticizing Israel isn't always antisemitic, but one need not speculate as to the motives of a thoroughly antisemitic country like Algeria in criticizing Israel.
Criticizing Zionism doesn't mean that you're criticizing the Jewish religion.
Criticizing is easier than doing.
Criticizing something as being "elitist" is often a disguised form of anti-intellectualism.
Criticizing something is easy. Doing something is hard.
Criticizing the Israeli government doesn't make me a racist or an antisemite.
Criticizing the views and actions of Israel's elected government does not make one anti-Semitic, but such accusations are often made with little justification.
Critics are coming down hard on tightened economic restrictions.
Critics are just crying wolf about protectionism.
Critics do not solve the crisis.
Critics had two main concerns with the idea of a presidential proclamation to declare a national Thanksgiving.
Critics have long argued that banning college athletes from earning money to play on their teams has been unfair, since schools and organizations like the NCAA have, over the years, regularly used the "likeness" of college athletes to generate profit for themselves through licensing and merchandise deals.
Critics have said the koala sanctuary is not big enough.
Critics have voiced concern about the government’s intolerance of dissenting voices and accuse it of cracking down on free speech.
Critics may argue that all the foregoing characterizations are very abstract.
Critics of loan forgiveness, such as borrowers who have paid their loans, argue that student loan debtors should repay the money and fulfill their financial obligations.
Critics of these measures have been vindicated.
Critics praised the game's graphics and storyline, but criticised its gameplay mechanics.
Critics say the border wall will have no effect on the elaborately built tunnels commonly used by smugglers to sneak drugs into the U.S.
Critics say the pill could be diverted to illicit use and could worsen the country's opioid crisis.
Critics say the technology is unproven.
Critics say there may be unknown risks.
Critics thought little of the play.
Critics were right to point out that the politician led a nascent fascist movement.
Critique of Pure Reason is German philosopher Immanuel Kant's chief literary work.
Croatia had a good first half.
Croatia has gradually become a destination for those with deeper pockets.
Croatia has many islands.
Croatia is a country in southeastern Europe.
Croatia is a country in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country located in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is called "Hrvatska" in Croatian.
Croatia is in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is known to most Americans for its picturesque walled city of Dubrovnik, the setting for many of the scenes in the immensely popular television series Game of Thrones.
Croatia is located in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia joined the EU on July 1, 2013, following a decade-long accession process.
Croatia was so beautiful.
Croatia will hold parliamentary elections earlier than had been expected, after the collapse of the governing coalition between a right-wing party and a centrist party.
Croatia will play England in Moscow for a chance to reach its first World Cup final.
Croatia won all three of its group games at this year's World Cup.
Croatian Ivo Karlovic, currently the tallest professional tennis player in the world, is known for his extremely powerful serve, and many tennis analysts, as well as fellow players, recognise him as the best server on the ATP tour. Aged 36, he is also the oldest top 100 player, as of 2015.
Crockery is a term that refers to ceramic dishes in everyday use, as differentiated from fine porcelain.
Crocodiles and alligators are reptiles.
Crocodiles are masters at hiding.
Crocodiles are mysterious animals.
Crocodiles are reptiles.
Crocodiles are the closest living relatives of birds.
Crocodiles are wild and dangerous animals.
Crocodiles can be a deadly threat.
Crocodiles can kill people.
Crocodiles can prove lethal.
Crocodiles do not hibernate but estivate within caves during the dry season.
Crocodiles drag their prey into water.
Crocodiles have gizzards.
Crocodiles have sharp teeth.
Crocodiles never eat chocolate.
Crocodiles, snakes, lizards and turtles are reptiles.
Crocodilians are more closely related to birds than to other living reptiles.
Crocodilians are the closest living relatives of birds.
Crocuses flower in February.
Crofoot and her team fitted 25 of the baboons with a GPS collar, which recorded the animal's location second-by-second for two weeks.
Croissants are called crescent rolls when they come from a can of refrigerated dough.
Crop quality and health can often be improved by carefully cross-breeding domesticated and wild specimens of the same species. So researchers often go to regions of the earth where a species originated and still grows wild.
Crop rotation helps maintain soil fertility by preventing the depletion of specific nutrients.
Crops were sown, and grew up, and were gathered in; the stream that had been crimsoned, turned a watermill.
Croquet players must wear white clothing during play.
Cross Tom off the list.
Cross Tom's name off the list.
Cross it off the list.
Cross me off the list!
Cross me off your list.
Cross my heart and hope to die.
Cross my name off the list.
Cross my name off your list.
Cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues.
Cross out all the wrong answers.
Cross out any words that you do not wish the examiner to read.
Cross out my phone number.
Cross out the first letter.
Cross out the incorrect words.
Cross out the words that aren't needed.
Cross over the border as soon as possible.
Cross over the bridge.
Cross over to the other side.
Cross that off the list.
Cross that one off the list.
Cross the border as soon as possible.
Cross the border with me tonight.
Cross the bridge and see what's on the other side.
Cross the bridge quickly.
Cross the bridge slowly!
Cross the bridge!
Cross the bridge.
Cross the first letter out.
Cross the river as soon as you can.
Cross the river without getting wet.
Cross the road and turn right.
Cross the road carefully.
Cross the road only when the light is green.
Cross the road with care.
Cross the road.
Cross the square.
Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
Cross the street carefully.
Cross the street wherever you want.
Cross the street.
Cross these items off the list.
Cross things off as you go.
Cross this bridge carefully.
Cross this bridge one at a time.
Cross this river at your own risk.
Cross to the other bank.
Cross your arms like this.
Cross your arms over your chest.
Cross your fingers and hope for the best.
Cross your fingers and pray.
Cross your fingers and wish hard.
Cross your fingers for me.
Cross your fingers for us.
Cross your fingers like this.
Cross your fingers.
Cross yourself and say a prayer.
Cross-border trade has plummeted during the recession.
Cross-check with Tom.
Cross-country skiing is popular in Norway.
Cross-pollination from birds, bees and other insects is of value to more than just coffee. The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization says two-thirds of the world's crops require it. But Mr. Ricketts and his colleagues point out that recent declines in wild and managed bee populations throughout the world have aroused concern, prompting the United Nations to create the International Pollinators Initiative. This is a program to coordinate scientific investigation on ways to conserve animal pollinators.
Crossbills love fir-cones and pinecones.
Crossbills really like fir-cones and pinecones.
Crossing guards are posted during school hours to guide children safely across busy streets.
Crossing that desert is dangerous.
Crossing the Sahara, she felt so small before the golden immensity of the desert.
Crossing the bridge will make noise.
Crossing the desert on foot is not a good idea.
Crossing the long bridge took a long time.
Crossing the river was a piece of cake.
Crossing the road scared her greatly.
Crossing the street, I was nearly hit by a car.
Crossing the street, he was knocked down by a car.
Crossing the white line is forbidden.
Crossing this path is extremely dangerous.
Crossing your lifepath was the best thing that could ever happen to me.
Crossrail is one of Europe's largest infrastructure construction projects.
Crosswind landings require coordinated rudder and aileron input to maintain alignment to the runway.
Crouch down here like this, but do it theatrically and don't say, "Rhubarb."
Crowberries are little bluish-black bitter berries that grow on shrubs.
Crowberry is a low growing, evergreen shrub.
Crowd sourcing varies from person to person.
Crowd-stopping public performances were held in our city.
Crowds filled the streets carrying banners.
Crowds surrounded the wax figure and posed for scores of photographs. Some were smiling and holding the presidential figure's hand, while others stood next to the lifelike model with arms folded and a more solemn expression.
Crowds will gather in two forests in the United States in coming weeks to see light shows created by a rare species of firefly.
Crowning toddler beauty pageant queens is Mr. Fredericksen's passion.
Crowning toddler beauty pageant queens is Mr. Fredericksen’s passion.
Crowns are inherited, kingdoms are earned.
Crowns in my purse I have and goods at home.
Crows all but destroyed the farmer's field of corn.
Crows all but destroyed the farmer’s field of corn.
Crows are birds.
Crows are black.
Crows are noisy in the morning.
Crows are smart birds.
Crows are smart.
Crows are very intelligent.
Crows can hold grudges for years.
Crows do a lot of damage to crops.
Crows like Tokyo because it is warmer in the city than in the suburbs, and it's bright at night.
Crows like Tokyo because it is warmer in the city than in the suburbs, and it’s bright at night.
Crows love our watermelon.
Crows must be intelligent birds.
Crows often fish through garbage.
Crows often fish through refuse.
Crows seek out particular plant species, harvest a forked twig, and then, firmly holding it underfoot, carve, nibble and peel its tip, until it has a neat little hook.
Crucifixion was a form of terror notably used by the Romans, Persians, and Carthaginians.
Crucifixion was objectively horrible and was commonly dealt out by the Romans.
Crucifixion, therefore, or any other particular manner of dying, made no part of the sentence that Adam was to suffer, and consequently, even upon their own tactic, it could make no part of the sentence that Christ was to suffer in the room of Adam.
Crude oil has been falling in price.
Crude oil is refined at this plant.
Crude persuasion is to persistently egg someone on.
Cruelty in young people is fostered by violent movies and PC games.
Cruelty is quite alien to his nature.
Cruelty, it's the first attribute of God.
Cruelty, it’s the first attribute of God.
Cruelty, like every other vice, requires no motive outside of itself; it only requires opportunity.
Cruise missile, incoming!
Cruises are best enjoyed without children.
Crush the can before you throw it away.
Crush the ginger.
Crustaceans have antennae.
Crustaceans have five pairs of legs.
Crustaceans have powerful arms.
Crutches are pretty tricky ... "Excuse me, stretcher coming through!"
Cry all you want.
Cry me a river.
Cry out against injustice!
Cry until you can't cry anymore.
Cry with someone. It's more healing than crying alone.
Cry your heart out.
Cry: tears are the heart's petals.
Crying as if his heart would break, the Marionette mourned for hours over the length of his nose.
Crying doesn't make you right.
Crying is a natural emotional response that transcends gender stereotypes and affects everyone.
Crying is a very close neighbor to joy.
Crying is an expression for pain in the heart.
Crying is an expression of grief.
Crying is certainly something I won't do!
Crying is normal.
Crying is of no avail.
Crying isn't just for girls.
Crying loudly, the little girl hurried to the door.
Crying may temporarily lift a person's spirit.
Crying out, the little girl was looking for her mother.
Crying ruins your make-up.
Crying won't bring back your parents.
Crying won't bring your parents back.
Crying won't get us anywhere.
Crying won't help.
Crying won't help. No one will hear you.
Crying won't solve anything.
Crying won't solve your problems.
Crying your eyes out doesn't help.
Crying, she explained how she uncovered the truth.
Cryogenic engines are rocket motors designed for fuels that have to be held at very low temperatures, and make it possible to launch heavy satellites into space.
Cryptesthesia is another term for extrasensory perception.
Crypto had a bad year.
Crypto-Jews invented cryptocurrency.
Cryptocurrencies have no regulatory authority.
Cryptocurrency is a pyramid scheme.
Cryptocurrency is hard to wrap my head around.
Cryptocurrency is how the most powerful people in the world convince rubes to help them launder money.
Cryptocurrency is the future.
Cryptocurrency offers a much higher risk compared to traditional funds, but with much higher rewards.
Cryptocurrency transactions require significant amounts of electricity, which will inhibit their utilization and scalability in the long term.
Cryptocurrency values are very volatile.
Cryptography is the skill of making and breaking codes.
Crystal meth is short for crystal methamphetamine.
Crystals of many colors and sizes were scattered across his desk.
Crystals possess no healing properties.
Csardas is a traditional Hungarian folk dance.
Cuba and Venezuela are two big socialist nations.
Cuba and its economy are really strange.
Cuba basically existed to serve the corporate interests of the United States.
Cuba has one of the best educational systems in the developing world.
Cuba has overdue debts.
Cuba introduced the 3G service.
Cuba is in Central America.
Cuba is in South America.
Cuba is late on its debt payments.
Cuba is located in the Americas.
Cuba is not a cube.
Cuba is off the coast of Florida.
Cuba is on the doorstep of the United States.
Cuba is suffering from a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Cuba is the nearest outpost of Soviet communism.
Cuba legalized US currency.
Cuba needs the Internet for exports.
Cuba pays doctors so little.
Cuba shut down the Internet for a couple of hours.
Cuba wants to achieve monetary sovereignty.
Cuba wants to slow down the dollarization of its currency.
Cuba was becoming a socialist state.
Cuba, Mexico, and the United States border the Gulf of Mexico.
Cuba, whose economy depends heavily on tourism, said Friday it will not allow any foreign tourists to enter the country.
Cuban cigars are among the best in the world.
Cuban doctors abroad had to return to Cuba to fight the coronavirus domestically.
Cuban society is chiefly composed of Caucasoids, Negroids, and Super-Sinodonts (Amerindians). There is mixing.
Cuban soldiers were guarding the streets.
Cuban state television aired the 10-minute video clip Tuesday, saying it was taped Monday in Havana.
CubeSats are tiny satellites that are deployed from the International Space Station.
Cubism is described as one of the most influential art movements of the 20th century with artists of the genre breaking ground in their attempts to show the world through two-dimensional geometric shapes or planes.
Cuchi adds people who are medically fragile must be urgently evacuated to a facility where they can continue the treatment that was interrupted during their flight.
Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
Cuckoos visit here in spring.
Cucumber sandwiches are a classic tea-time snack.
Cucumbers are about 90% water.
Cucumbers are green.
Cucumbers are related to watermelons.
Cucumbers have nothing to do with cake.
Cucumbers repeat on me.
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Cuddle up and let's watch the show.
Cuddling with her cat, Esther plotted the revolution.
Cue cards are used primarily on television to help the actors remember their lines.
Cue in the Bullet Cluster.
Cuff him.
Cultivate confidence in yourself all the time.
Cultivate more positivity at work.
Cultivate the wilderness.
Cultivate your own hobbies.
Cultivate your will!
Cultivate your willpower!
Cultivating our minds through reading is essential.
Cultivators of the earth are the most valuable citizens.
Cults isolate people from the surrounding world.
Cultural Anthropology studies the tradition and norms of people and the rules they made as how they interact with one another or behave in some cretin ways.
Cultural activities were a good way to react to the conservative ideas of Britain.
Cultural adaptation promotes understanding.
Cultural and social change is needed in the Muslim world.
Cultural appropriation isn't a thing.
Cultural cringe is an internalized inferiority complex.
Cultural differences can be a barrier for international students who are not accustomed to critical thinking.
Cultural differences matter a lot in their relationship.
Cultural exchange programs can strengthen friendly relations between neighboring countries.
Cultural exchange programs strengthened the friendly relations between neighboring nations.
Cultural expectations shape our choices.
Cultural references are significantly more difficult for foreigners to understand.
Cultural relativism can be a helpful tool.
Cultural relativism is a toxic idea.
Cultural relativism is not a toxic idea.
Cultural understanding requires humility and a willingness to listen, rather than assuming superiority.
Culturally speaking, the two countries have a lot in common.
Culturally, the two countries have a lot in common.
Culturally, there is much common ground between the two countries.
Culture Day falls on Monday this year.
Culture destroys language.
Culture destroys languages.
Culture is a very broad concept.
Culture is expressed through language.
Culture is handed down from generation to generation.
Culture is like a parachute: if you don't have it, you crash.
Culture is like a parachute: if you don’t have it, you crash.
Culture is like jam, the less you have, the more you spread it.
Culture is like jam: the less one has, the more one spreads it.
Culture is what remains after one has forgotten all the things one has learned.
Culture makes a man free.
Culture plays a dynamic role in shaping an individual's character, attitude, and outlook on life.
Culture shock is often described as an emotional rollercoaster.
Culture shock tends to move through four different stages: wonder (or the honeymoon period), frustration, depression and acceptance.
Cultured meat uses fat or muscle cells from an animal which are placed into a culture that nourishes the cells, causing them to grow.
Cultures get extinct if languages get extinct.
Cultures have a coherent view of the world.
Cultures in which people refuse to sing in their own language are degenerate cultures.
Cultures of the East and the West are mixed in this country.
Cultures of the East and the West meet together in this country.
Cum was pouring, there was a lot of cum.
Cumin is very good for after a large meal.
Cumming called a public meeting.
Cumulonimbus are a dense and vertically developed cloud that produces thunderstorms. The cloud can bring heavy showers, hail, lightning, high winds and sometimes tornadoes.
Cumulonimbus clouds are associated with thunderstorms.
Cumulonimbus clouds are towering, anvil-shaped nimbus clouds responsible for heavy rain, snow, and hail.
Cunning ignores violence.
Cuomo also announced that non-essential gatherings of any size and for any reason are no longer allowed.
Cup ramen are bad for your health.
Cupcakes are a great way to celebrate special occasions, according to Matthew.
Curacao uses a phonetic writing system.
Curator Laurie Winters says the German-American population of Milwaukee grew as a consequence of political turmoil in Europe.
Curators say the display gives visitors an opportunity to look at the real stories of espionage ‘behind the gloss of make-believe.’
Curators won't be straying far from the building's famous contemporary leanings, but they're putting their own perspective on modern art, and it's colored by their expertise in history and anthropology.
Curb extensions force traffic to slow down.
Curb your bigotry.
Curb your intellectual pretensions.
Curbs are being changed all over the street.
Curbs contribute to the formation of puddles on sidewalks.
Curdken ran up to her and wanted to grasp some of the hair from her head.
Curdken was very angry, and wouldn't speak to her.
Curiosity and science go hand in hand.
Curiosity ate away at Claudio that night.
Curiosity can lead to misunderstandings.
Curiosity drives me to explore new ideas every day.
Curiosity got the better of Tom.
Curiosity got the better of Yanni.
Curiosity got the better of Ziri.
Curiosity got the better of him.
Curiosity has faded in him.
Curiosity has landed inside the Gale crater.
Curiosity has landed on Mars.
Curiosity helps me connect with others on a deeper level.
Curiosity is a component of intelligence.
Curiosity is a defining trait of human beings.
Curiosity is an inclination, a desire to acquire new knowledge.
Curiosity is just arrogance. Most often, people strive for knowledge just to talk about it.
Curiosity is nothing more than vanity. More often than not we only seek knowledge to show it off.
Curiosity is stronger than fear.
Curiosity is the first step to hell.
Curiosity kept eating at me.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back to life.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Curiosity killed the cat. Satisfaction brought it back.
Curiosity led Rodrigo to research more about centipedes on his phone.
Curiosity overcomes fear.
Curiosity replaced shock.
Curiosity runs in my blood.
Curious gazes, gazes carrying a bit of murderous intent...it goes without saying that I couldn't be more uncomfortable.
Curious gazes, gazes carrying a bit of murderous intent...it goes without saying that I couldn’t be more uncomfortable.
Curious onlookers held up the emergency services.
Curious to say, I didn't find it anywhere.
Curious to say, I didn’t find it anywhere.
Curious, I pulled the photo album out and opened the cover.
Curious, did I honestly think that I could get away with it?
Curious, sensitive, Sabine is never at lost with ideas, her feeling for esthetics and her knowledge of applied arts reveals all the potential of your projects.
Curiously, a flower bloomed on the withered up tree.
Curiously, it's the people who contribute the least to the project that are the most critical of it.
Curiously, the door stood open.
Curiously, the door was open.
Curiously, those who advocate for limiting the number of sentences contributed per day are seldom at the forefront of generating valuable content for the website.
Curium is a radioactive metal with element symbol Cm and atomic number 96.
Curling is my favorite sport to watch.
Curling is my favorite sport.
Curling my hair takes a lot of time.
Currants are going to be really good for you.
Currants are smaller than strawberries.
Currants fight cancer.
Curran’s interest in space blossomed when she was growing up in Manchester, United Kingdom.
Currencies throughout history have fallen victim to debasement. Today, we avoid this problem by omitting the precious metals altogether.
Currency and bond markets are relatively calm.
Current data is inconclusive.
Current electoral laws stipulate that a party or coalition of parties must win 25 percent of the popular vote or 20 percent of seats in the national parliament to nominate a presidential candidate.
Current microscopes allow us to observe with fine detail the molecular structure of materials.
Current therapies to treat prostate cancer, including radiation and removal of the entire gland, can lead to lifelong problems, including erectile dysfunction and incontinence. By comparison, urinary and erectile problems following light therapy resolved within three months, with no significant side effects remaining after two years, according to Emberton.
Current times are tough.
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Currently I am putting effort into expanding my vocabulary.
Currently attached to the belly of Perseverance, the diminutive Ingenuity Mars Helicopter is a technology demonstration that will attempt the first powered, controlled flight on another planet.
Currently in this area there are no active hostilities.
Currently there are still women who like to wear corsets.
Currently we don't have it in stock.
Currently we don’t have it in stock.
Currently, 7.3 billion people live on Earth, and the world population is expected to rise to 9.7 billion by 2050.
Currently, Ebola is an incurable disease and causes rash, a rise in temperature, diarrhea, severe weakness, muscle pain, vomiting, many hemorrhages and dehydration.
Currently, GPS is used throughout the world.
Currently, I live in the village.
Currently, I'm looking for a job in customer service, preferably retail.
Currently, India lacks essential goods for living.
Currently, Macedonia receives its small natural gas supplies from Russia via Bulgaria.
Currently, Somali is the only Cushitic language accorded official language status at the country level.
Currently, Tom and Mary live in Boston.
Currently, Tom lives in Australia.
Currently, Tom lives in Boston.
Currently, Yemen is a country devastated by war.
Currently, a lot of regions are inaccessible owing to excessive snowfall.
Currently, at least 60% of college graduates have completed an internship, according to the National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE).
Currently, both of these projects have been realized.
Currently, chess players have advanced computer programs, such as Alpha Zero, Deep Mind, and Stockfish, to analyze any position in a chess game.
Currently, having a hood is part of young people's fashion.
Currently, he works in England.
Currently, he's our best batter.
Currently, it is a situation in which transport links in the metropolitan area have been paralyzed due to the earthquake.
Currently, many fruits and vegetables come from thousands of kilometers away.
Currently, many students have a dictionary but don't know how to use it correctly.
Currently, most of that data is expensive and proprietary.
Currently, my cousin is a professor of Foreign Languages.
Currently, she works in England.
Currently, six extant flamingo species are recognised.
Currently, the buildings are very old.
Currently, the industry is a good example of an area of depression.
Currently, the most lacking thing about myself is probably my ability to concentrate.
Currently, the region supports 10-20 million head of cattle.
Currently, the wind is at our backs.
Currently, there are more people living in Spain than Oceania.
Currently, torch-shaped electric lamps are being manufactured.
Currently, two thirds of Turkish women cover their head with a shawl.
Currently, two thirds of Turkish women cover their heads.
Currently, two thirds of Turkish women wear a head covering.
Currents, waves, and wind normally transport sediment throughout the littoral system. Armoring of the coast can interfere with littoral transport, which in a natural state may reach a dynamic equilibrium.
Curry and rice is her favorite food.
Curry and rice is my favorite dish.
Curry is a food from India.
Curry is an Indian dish.
Curry powder is composed of several spices.
Curry sauce is very nourishing.
Curry would be good for dinner today.
Curse on all laws but those which love has made!
Curse you all!
Curse you!
Cursed be he that first invented war.
Cursed be he that moves my bones.
Cursed be their fury, because it was stubborn: and their wrath, because it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and will scatter them in Israel.
Cursed! Cursed! All of you be cursed until the thirteenth generation of your races!
Curses aren't real.
Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.
Cursive is obsolete -- teach the kids to type instead.
Curtain call.
Curtains and carpets were renewed.
Curtains of grass and bamboo covered the windows.
Curtains would be nice.
Curupira is a character from Brazilian folklore. He's described as a man whose feet are turned backwards and who protects animals and forests.
Curvy blue-haired women are Tom's type.
Cushions were placed in the seats.
Cushitic languages include Oromo, Somali, Beja, Sidamo, Afar, and Saho.
Custard-style ice cream is the worst.
Custer refused to listen.
Custom is the king of all.
Custom is the ruler of all.
Custom reconciles us to everything.
Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
Customer Nooni Reatig, an architect who works nearby, has been convinced. “At first, I was skeptical about the whole, whole grain," she admits. "But I tasted Jonathan's bread and it’s not something static, it’s completely a live product. It has so many things going on at once, like the bread, when you bite in, the crust is crispy but inside has a bounce and a texture.”
Customer Tian-feng GU, a Chinese tourist who studies in Boston, raves about the restaurant's tasty crustacean.
Customer in a grocery store: "I'd like to have three nuts, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Customer in a milk shop: "I'd like three eggs, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Customer in a milk shop: "I'd like to have three testicles, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Customer is king.
Customer satisfaction is our number one priority.
Customer satisfaction is our primary concern.
Customer satisfaction relies on product quality and service.
Customer service is one of our foremost priorities.
Customers came one after another.
Customers continue to regularly shop at the market-bakery for homemade pita bread, bottles of specialty sauces, and the family’s famed hummus, or chickpea paste.
Customers have said that eating a burger shaped like the virus makes them feel like they have somehow beaten it.
Customers have to be satisfied.
Customers haven't complained.
Customers input a personal identification number to access their bank accounts.
Customers left generous tips.
Customers panicked and ran out of the store.
Customers stopped coming back.
Customers stopped coming to our shop.
Customs discovered numerous undocumented workers at the construction site.
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.
Customs officials carried out a full body search on Tom.
Customs vary by region.
Customs vary from region to region.
Customs will ask for a receipt.
Cut 1/3 off each potato lengthwise. Scoop flesh from each potato to within about 1/8 inch of the skins. Transfer flesh to a bowl.
Cut Tom a break.
Cut Tom some slack.
Cut Tom's hair off.
Cut a square in halves.
Cut a young rabbit into joints in the same way that you cut up chicken and wipe each piece well with a damp cloth.
Cut all the fat from the meat.
Cut all vegetables and fry them with spices.
Cut along the dotted line.
Cut and come again.
Cut apple slices turn brown due to oxidation.
Cut back on sugar.
Cut back on sweets.
Cut down on fatty foods.
Cut down on unnecessary words.
Cut down that dead tree, or it will fall down on your house.
Cut down that tree.
Cut down the tree.
Cut her some slack.
Cut him some slack, John. It's his first day on the job.
Cut him some slack, John. It’s his first day on the job.
Cut him some slack.
Cut in half.
Cut into long thin strips.
Cut into thin strips.
Cut it in half.
Cut it in thin strips.
Cut it into two pieces.
Cut it out already.
Cut it out now.
Cut it out!
Cut it out, Tom.
Cut it out, Ziri, and give me that phone back.
Cut it out, will you?
Cut it out.
Cut it short all over.
Cut it with a knife!
Cut it with a knife.
Cut it with the knife.
Cut it.
Cut me a break, will you?
Cut me some slack.
Cut my food up for me.
Cut my hair shorter than usual.
Cut off Tom's hair.
Cut off from supplies, the settlers began to eat their horses and their dead.
Cut off her hair.
Cut off his hair.
Cut off that curl!
Cut off the electricity.
Cut off the gas!
Cut off the power.
Cut off this interview.
Cut one's coat according to one's cloth.
Cut one’s coat according to one’s cloth.
Cut out a postcard sized piece of a food box and tell me about an experience you had with Americans.
Cut out the nonsense, will you?
Cut out the spoiled attitude.
Cut out toxic people.
Cut short your avenging.
Cut short your conversation, we have to go to the meeting.
Cut that out!
Cut that out. You're just rubbing salt in the poor guy's wounds.
Cut that out. You’re just rubbing salt in the poor guy’s wounds.
Cut that tree down while you still can.
Cut the Gouda into small cubes.
Cut the acorn squash in half.
Cut the apple into cubes.
Cut the avocado in half and remove the seed.
Cut the bell peppers into two-inch strips.
Cut the bread into diagonal slices the width of a finger.
Cut the bread with the knife.
Cut the bread with this knife.
Cut the bread.
Cut the bullshit!
Cut the bullshit.
Cut the butternut squash into one-inch cubes.
Cut the cake with a knife.
Cut the cake with that knife.
Cut the cake with this knife.
Cut the cake.
Cut the camera off.
Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.
Cut the cloth diagonally.
Cut the cloth in a diagonal direction.
Cut the cloth on the bias.
Cut the cord.
Cut the crap!
Cut the crap, Layla, and tell me the truth.
Cut the crap.
Cut the daikon radish and carrot into quarter slices and cut the other vegetables into bite-size pieces.
Cut the engine.
Cut the green beans into bite-sized pieces.
Cut the hair in the back too.
Cut the meat into strips.
Cut the meat into thin slices.
Cut the meat into thin strips.
Cut the meat with a knife.
Cut the meat.
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.
Cut the mozzarella into cubes approximately 7mm in size.
Cut the nonsense.
Cut the onion into small pieces and fry the meat.
Cut the paper in half.
Cut the paper into two halves.
Cut the pepper into strips.
Cut the pie into slices.
Cut the pipe into equal sections.
Cut the pizza into thirds.
Cut the potato into chunks.
Cut the potatoes.
Cut the power off.
Cut the power!
Cut the purple prose, Tom.
Cut the quartered Chinese cabbage into wide strips.
Cut the quartered pak-choi into, slightly wide, strips.
Cut the red wire.
Cut the roll of goat's cheese into slices.
Cut the salmon into small pieces.
Cut the sandwich into four squares.
Cut the sarcasm. Just stick to the facts.
Cut the shenanigans!
Cut the talking and listen.
Cut the tomatoes in the meantime.
Cut the tomatoes into slices and arrange them nicely on the plate.
Cut the video here.
Cut them some slack.
Cut them with a knife.
Cut this in two.
Cut this into very fine pieces.
Cut to the point. If there is something you want to say then say it.
Cut up my food for me.
Cut up the wood with an ax.
Cut up your meat into small pieces.
Cut us some slack.
Cut your coat according to your cloth.
Cut your fingernails.
Cut your hair now!
Cut your hair soon if you would!
Cut your hair soon!
Cut your hair!
Cut your hair.
Cut your meat up into small pieces.
Cut your nails.
Cut your toenails.
Cut!
Cut, wash and dry, please.
Cute songs can trick birds.
Cute!
Cutlery is in the top draw, plates are in the cupboard.
Cutlery is kept in these drawers.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
Cutting corners will save you money in the short-run but cost you customers in the long-run.
Cutting in line is a big pet peeve of mine. Folks should have to wait their turn!
Cutting in line is extremely rude.
Cutting off a mule's ears doesn't make it a horse.
Cutting off the mule's ears doesn't make it a horse.
Cutting onions makes me cry.
Cutting school is the first stage of delinquency.
Cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence fascinates me.
Cuyuchi is standing near the lime tree.
Cuzco is one of the most interesting places in the world.
Cuzco is the name of the Incas' temple.
Cuzco is the name of the Incas’ temple.
Cuzco lies about 3,500 meters above sea level, and you can still see many Incas there.
Cuzco was the centre of the Incan empire.
Cyan is a greenish blue color.
Cyan is a greenish-blue color.
Cyan is a greenish-blue colour.
Cyanide shuts down cellular respiration; the poison puts the body into a coma with seizures and cardiac arrest.
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader.
Cyber attacks are cleverly worded to convince recipients to click on a link, or open an attachment, which implants malware on the recipient's computer, giving digital eavesdroppers wide-ranging access.
Cyber bullying is rampant on social media and many teenagers attempt or commit suicide as a result of it.
Cyber criminals could soon unleash a wave of ransomware attacks targeting U.S. hospitals and health care providers, according to a statement released by three federal agencies.
Cyber espionage and identity theft abound while organized criminals and national spies lurk.
Cyber experts say hundreds of thousands of viruses and malware bombard personal computers every day.
Cybercrime doesn't pay.
Cybercrime has exploded, with mounting reports of an increase in ransomware attacks.
Cybercrime is on the rise.
Cybersecurity experts say infiltrators are persistent, clever and part of an industrial-scale hacking economy.
Cybersecurity experts warn us about protecting our passwords: Hackers can steal the passwords we keep in our browser.
Cybersecurity is a growing area of concern for Vietnam, where common use of pirated software makes computers vulnerable to cyberattack.
Cybersecurity is important in modern business.
Cyberslacking is what I've been doing at work and school since the pandemic hit.
Cybotron was composing excellent music.
Cycle helmets are not compulsory for cyclists in the UK.
Cycle lanes are everywhere!
Cyclical changes in the water levels of rivers take place throughout the year.
Cycling groups lobbied for smooth roads to be laid down all over the country.
Cycling in the rain is not nice; however, a suitable poncho offers good protection.
Cycling is a good sport.
Cycling is a great sport.
Cycling is a lot of fun.
Cycling is fun!
Cycling is fun.
Cycling is good exercise. Moreover, it doesn't pollute the air.
Cycling is good exercise. Moreover, it doesn’t pollute the air.
Cycling through slush on a racer isn't wise, but this year there's no alternative.
Cycling to work saves Tom thirty dollars a week in bus fares.
Cyclists must use the existing cycle paths.
Cyclists usually have very strong legs.
Cyclones can be very dangerous.
Cynicism is just a mean way to tell the truth.
Cynthia can calculate at an amazing speed.
Cynthia has been with us nearly two years now.
Cynthia is a protégée of my mother's.
Cynthia was waiting for me, and greeted me eagerly.
Cypresses and pines are perennial trees.
Cyprus has a divided capital city.
Cyprus is an island.
Cyprus is called "Kypros" in Greek.
Cyprus is called "Kıbrıs" in Turkish.
Cyprus is struggling to avoid bankruptcy.
Cyprus was a British colony.
Cyprus was a British protectorate.
Cyprus will veto Turkey's membership in the European Union.
Cyrano had a very large nose.
Cyrus began the battle.
Cyrus called together the generals.
Cyrus he sends for.
Cyrus is plotting against his brother.
Cyrus leaps down from his chariot.
Cyrus ought to be alive.
Cyrus reigned for thirty years.
Cyrus remained there for thirty days.
Cyrus says he is sending a letter.
Cyrus was killed at the Battle of Cunaxa.
Cyrus' passion for all styles of music has made him one of today's most versatile arrangers and pianists. With Cyrus Plays Elvis, it's easy to see why he is also considered one of today's most adventurous players.
Cystic acne is a condition of the integumentary system.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease.
Cystitis is an inflammation of the bladder.
Czech and Russian are Slavic languages.
Czech and Slovak are mutually intelligible languages.
Czech is my hobby.
Czech railways need better security so that rail accidents with tragic consequences can be prevented.
Czech words are fun to learn.
Czerny was born in the year 1794, and wrote many studies for the piano.
CÃ¡it makes the food that I prefer.
Cáit is reading the newspaper.
Cáit makes the food that I prefer.
Céline travelled home by train to the north-east.
César won the city's Rubik's Cube tournament last year.
Cézanne knew how to paint nature in a new way.
Cézanne painted the Mont Saint-Victoire.
Cézanne painted the Mont Sainte-Victoire over 80 times.
C’mon guys, this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little.
D'Auverney spoke little, listened rarely, and always proved ready to act immediately.
D-drat! I didn't mean to let that slip..
D-drat! I didn’t mean to let that slip..
D.H. Lawrence is a novelist and poet.
DARPA is keeping a tight lid on this project.
DDT is a carcinogen which was commonly used in the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s.
DDT is a famous carcinogen.
DDT is an abbreviation of dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane.
DEI leads to more effective and productive teams.
DIY.
DId Dmitri have some part in it himself?
DJ Pastis is a DJ specialized in makina.
DJ stands for disc jockey.
DNA doesn't lie.
DNA is a complex chemical that makes up a gene.
DNA is a substance.
DNA is composed of four nucleotides: A, T, C, and G.
DNA is composed of four nucleotides: adenine, thymine, cytosine and guanine.
DNA is extracted from a blood sample.
DNA is known for its double helix shape.
DNA is like a computer program but far, far more advanced than any software ever created.
DNA is magical.
DNA is the molecule of heredity.
DNA testing, the analysis of human biological material, is reshaping America's criminal justice system. Deoxyribonucleic acid is the repository of genetic information that resides in our cells, and no two people — not even identical twins — have the same DNA. In criminal investigations, DNA can be extracted from many sources, a single hair follicle — a drop of blood, other bodily fluids, or a microscopic fingernail scraping.
DNA tests showed he was innocent.
DNA's pronoun is it.
DNI means National Identity Document.
DNS, or Domain Name System, is a directory that links domain names with machine readable internet protocol addresses.
DVD players replaced videotape players.
DVDs tumbled down around Santiago.
Da Vinci could see farther than others.
Daan and Lilian have a hard time getting along with each other.
Dachshund sausages first became popular in New York, especially at baseball games.
Dad already said yes.
Dad always drives too fast.
Dad always encourages him.
Dad always reads a magazine at breakfast.
Dad always reads a magazine at the breakfast table.
Dad always told me the sky was blue.
Dad and I are sixty years apart.
Dad and Mom aren't coming.
Dad and Mom went to the market.
Dad and Mom were able to log board this?
Dad and mom won't come.
Dad arrived home a few minutes ago.
Dad asked me to open the door.
Dad bought a book for me.
Dad bought a camera.
Dad bought a new bicycle for me.
Dad bought me a book.
Dad bought me a camera.
Dad bought me a few books.
Dad bought me books.
Dad bought me this bike for my birthday.
Dad bought this house.
Dad built me a model of a ship.
Dad called.
Dad came home a few minutes ago.
Dad came home early.
Dad came home from work.
Dad can blow many smoke rings.
Dad cooks in the kitchen.
Dad devoted his entire life to growing this company.
Dad didn't send me to school.
Dad doesn't eat a lot of fruit.
Dad doesn't let me read lying down.
Dad doesn't understand why I want to divorce Tom.
Dad drinks coffee every morning.
Dad extended his legs on the sofa.
Dad farted.
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.
Dad gave me a computer game.
Dad gave me a watch, but I lost it.
Dad gave mum all his salary.
Dad goes fishing whenever he's free.
Dad goes fishing whenever he’s free.
Dad got better.
Dad got home early.
Dad got me new garments.
Dad got me two volumes.
Dad had a classical education.
Dad had been sick for four years prior to passing.
Dad had lost his mind.
Dad has always been a skeptic. He doesn't believe in aliens.
Dad has no desire to do the cooking.
Dad insists on all that junk.
Dad instructed me to stay silent.
Dad is a hard worker.
Dad is a taxi driver.
Dad is active in the evening.
Dad is an evening person.
Dad is at home.
Dad is busy writing a letter.
Dad is calling me. I have to go.
Dad is coming home tomorrow.
Dad is going on a vacation.
Dad is in hospital.
Dad is in the house.
Dad is in the kitchen because he's cooking.
Dad is in the kitchen because he’s cooking.
Dad is in the room.
Dad is older than mom.
Dad is on the phone.
Dad is our protector.
Dad is shaving in the bathroom.
Dad is sitting and appears to be in a trance.
Dad is still the stubborn man he was.
Dad is taking a walk in the park.
Dad is taking us to dinner tonight.
Dad is tall.
Dad is the boss.
Dad is the one who looks after us.
Dad is very impatient today.
Dad is working in Algeria.
Dad is writing a letter.
Dad isn't home.
Dad isn't sick or anything like that. I'm sure he just wants to laze around.
Dad isn’t home.
Dad just now went out.
Dad knows a lot of funny stories.
Dad knows what he's doing.
Dad looked at Mom shyly.
Dad loves Mom very much.
Dad made a bunch of Hamantaschen.
Dad made us walk back through the bush on the way home!
Dad moved us to sunny Algeria.
Dad needs to take a rest. He's been working in the garden for three hours.
Dad needs to take a rest. He’s been working in the garden for three hours.
Dad often works late, and Mom complains a lot.
Dad painted the walls white.
Dad rarely gets back home before midnight.
Dad robbed a petrol station.
Dad said he'd be promoted to section manager next year.
Dad said he’d be promoted to section manager next year.
Dad said that he wouldn't eat.
Dad said yes.
Dad said you crashed two cars.
Dad said you're already dead to him.
Dad says the most important thing is that I'm alive.
Dad sent me a message.
Dad stretched after dinner.
Dad stretched out after dinner.
Dad threatened to leave Mom if she didn't take the German Shepherd to a shelter.
Dad told me to help you, Mom.
Dad told me to keep quiet.
Dad told me to shut up.
Dad took the car to the wrecker.
Dad used spray starch to stiffen his dress shirts.
Dad used to always make this kind of lemonade for you.
Dad used to beat Mom savagely.
Dad used to beat us with a belt.
Dad used to say that one can't teach new tricks to an old dog.
Dad uses fire to roast a chicken.
Dad waited for us at the bus stop.
Dad wants me to advise him.
Dad wants to see us.
Dad was the parent mostly around.
Dad wasn't at home then.
Dad wasn't in at the time.
Dad watered the flowers.
Dad went out to get postcards.
Dad went to the bank because he was short of money.
Dad will be back by about seven, I'm sure.
Dad will never forgive you if you join the special forces.
Dad will return in a few days.
Dad would beat Mom savagely and all we could do was cry.
Dad wouldn't let me read books in bed.
Dad! How can you not understand this beautiful piece of art?
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
Dad's English is better than Mum's.
Dad's a human being.
Dad's always encouraging him.
Dad's bald like a billiard ball.
Dad's gone to China; he isn't here now.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
Dad's in the garden right now.
Dad's just arrived home.
Dad's just got home.
Dad's just writing a letter.
Dad's kind of out of touch, isn't he?
Dad's not home.
Dad's taking a bath.
Dad's the best!
Dad's working.
Dad's writing a letter at the moment.
Dad's younger than Mom.
Dad, I am in the school play and play the role of a husband who has been married for 25 years. OK, son, next time you will get a speaking role.
Dad, I am pregnant. Here is the list of the suspects...
Dad, I beg you to admit for once that you may be wrong!
Dad, I fucked your daughter.
Dad, I need boxing gloves.
Dad, I saw an elf!
Dad, I want nothing less than seeing you die.
Dad, I want to be an astronaut!
Dad, I will massage your shoulders.
Dad, I'll rub your shoulders for you.
Dad, I'm scared.
Dad, I'm taking the car out for a drive.
Dad, Maria hit me!
Dad, Mary hit me!
Dad, Tom hit me!
Dad, Tom is using your computer.
Dad, Tom's messing around with your computer.
Dad, a UFO! It's a UFO!
Dad, are you still upset with me?
Dad, buy me a gun!
Dad, buy me a vuvuzela.
Dad, can I go and play outside?
Dad, can I take the car out for a drive?
Dad, do you believe in ghosts?
Dad, don't you know how old I am?
Dad, give me money, please.
Dad, here's the coffee.
Dad, here’s the coffee.
Dad, let's play "see who laughs first."
Dad, look out!
Dad, put Mum on the phone.
Dad, thank you for all of your help over the years.
Dad, these pineapples are sour!
Dad, what are you doing?
Dad, what are you going to get me for Christmas?
Dad, what does this word mean?
Dad, what is the difference between the mafia and the government?
Dad, what is this?
Dad, where did you meet Mum?
Dad, where's my glass?
Dad, which is my left hand?
Dad, why are you jumping in the kitchen?
Dad, why aren't there thunderstorms in the winter?
Dad, why doesn't lightning happen in winter?
Dad, will you please let me borrow the car?
Dad, you don't understand.
Dadaab is a refugee camp in Kenya.
Daddy bought me books.
Daddy is back.
Daddy is home.
Daddy is in Kabylie right now.
Daddy is writing Chinese characters.
Daddy looked around the corner.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg!
Daddy passed gas.
Daddy told me where it would be nice to go.
Daddy used to say that time is money.
Daddy was in his office, under our flat.
Daddy's back.
Daddy's home.
Daddy's knitting a sweater.
Daddy's working.
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Carry me.
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Could you give me a piggyback ride?
Daddy, I have to poop.
Daddy, I love you!
Daddy, I'll stop doing theater and won't sing anymore.
Daddy, I’ll stop doing theater and won’t sing anymore.
Daddy, are we getting to-go boxes?
Daddy, buy me a vuvuzela!
Daddy, can you read me a story before I go to sleep?
Daddy, let's have a staring contest.
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
Daddy, let's see if you can out-stare me.
Daddy, look at me!
Daddy, may I go out and play?
Daddy, what are you doing there?
Daddy, where will we go?
Daddy, you smell like you've been drinking.
Daddy-longlegs likes miss spider because of her long legs.
Dad’s always encouraging him.
Dad’s gone to China; he isn’t here now.
Dad’s in an impatient mood today.
Daedalus was an engineer who was imprisoned by King Minos. With his son, Icarus, he made wings of wax and feathers.
Daesh activities have little to do with religion and more to do with crime.
Daesh banned almost any form of entertainment.
Daesh clones its criminal structure everywhere.
Daesh conquered vast swathes of Iraq and Syria.
Daesh controlled Mosul for three years.
Daesh controlled Raqqa and made it its capital in Syria.
Daesh fighters shot at us.
Daesh has been defeated in Iraq.
Daesh is a menace to Algeria.
Daesh is a terrorist organization.
Daesh terrorists left a trail of atrocities in their wake.
Daesh was defeated in Syria.
Daffodils are a common cause of dermatitis amongst florists, with daffodil sap provoking symptoms such as redness and dry, scaly skin.
Daffodils contain a toxic alkaloid that may even be lethal when ingested in high quantities.
Dagestan has a volatile history.
Dagestan is the Mecca of wrestling.
Daggers, swords, batons and pepper spray were also recovered in the raids at several locations.
Dagmar Turner, 53, has had a passion for playing the violin since she was 10, and she is currently a member of the Isle of Wight Symphony Orchestra.
Dagmar Turner, 53, has had a passion for playing the violin since she was 10.
Dahlias always cheer me up.
Dahlias are Tom's favorite flowers.
Dahlias are a sumptuous flower. They have such rich colors and petals. Often in gorgeous color mixes.
Dahlias are beautiful flowers.
Dahlias are in bloom.
Dahlias are out of season.
Dahut, the ballad continues, became a mermaid and haunted the waters which roll over the site of the city where she loved and feasted.
Daijisen and Daijirin are very similar.
Daikon might be more expensive than the carrots.
Daily commodities increased in price.
Daily engagement with the language helps improve fluency, vocabulary, and overall comprehension skills.
Daily exercise is effective in overcoming obesity.
Daily exercise is essential for your health.
Daily exercise is good for you.
Daily habits might come off as tedious.
Daily meetings were productive and engaging.
Daily service every 3 to 5 minutes.
Daily, my love for you grows.
Dairy cows are useful animals.
Dairy farmers across the country may have to reduce their herds to prevent flooding the marketplace with milk that can't be processed.
Dairy products are very healthy.
Dairy products differ between countries.
Daisuke climbed to the summit.
Daisuke failed to solve the problem, whereas Aiko succeeded in solving the problem.
Daisy Hamilton was a private detective.
Daisy Ridley is slated to feature in the next Star Wars film as well.
Daisy Stronglin didn't leave a cult; she joined one.
Daisy Stronglin wants no one to be trans and everyone to convert to Catholicism.
Daisy Stronglin was brainwashed by far-right Catholics into rejecting science and medicine.
Daisy Stronglin was groomed by Catholics into rejecting herself.
Daisy is a maltese owned by rapunzel who shares the same color scheme as summer.
Daisy wasn't very well known yet but occasionally people telephoned her from the advertisement she had put in the local newspaper.
Dakar is the capital of Senegal.
Dalgona, also known as ppopgi, is candy from South Korea.
Dalhalla offers 20-25 events each summer, from June to September, and the program includes both opera performances and shows/concerts in many different music styles.
Dali was kicked out of the surrealist movement.
Dalida died from an overdose of sleeping pills.
Dalila is the best student in our school.
Dalmatians are regarded as being highly spotty dogs.
Dalí is the surrealist for people who don't like surrealism.
Damage from Hurricane Rita to the many U.S. oil refineries along the Texas Gulf coast appears limited, and analysts say the long-term economic impact of the storm should be minimal. They say any increase in domestic U.S. gasoline prices should be temporary as refineries shut down by the hurricane resume operations.
Damaged overhead cables have led to the suspension of all southbound trains.
Damages from the flood amount to ten million dollars.
Damascus is Syria's capital.
Damascus is a beautiful city.
Damascus is a beautiful town.
Damascus is in Syria.
Damascus is located in Syria.
Damascus is one of the oldest cities in the world.
Damascus is the capital of Syria.
Damascus is the oldest continuously inhabited city in the world.
Dame Zaturoski from Struga, North Macedonia, is a lawyer by training, but his true passion is making models of boats and ships.
Damelot apples make very good cider.
Damiano accidentally met Rima.
Damiano acted like he was in control.
Damiano adjusted the trajectory of the ship.
Damiano adopted Rima when her parents died.
Damiano advised Rima to join the party.
Damiano agreed to cooperate.
Damiano agreed to talk with Rima in private.
Damiano aimed a gun at Rima.
Damiano aimed at the door and blasted it open.
Damiano aimed the bracelet at one of the spaceships and shot it down.
Damiano always views Walid and Rima as heroes.
Damiano and Isabella are forty kilometers apart.
Damiano and Isabella made eye contact, but she looked away.
Damiano and Rima argued a lot on their way to Earth.
Damiano and Rima don’t look like a couple.
Damiano and Rima got intimate.
Damiano and Rima had dinner at a diner.
Damiano and Rima need each other.
Damiano and Rima reconciled.
Damiano and Rima spent the evening talking about space.
Damiano and Rima talked on their way to Earth.
Damiano and Rima wanted to conceive a child in space.
Damiano and his men put on their masks to begin their new operation.
Damiano and the horse ran to each other.
Damiano apologized for everything.
Damiano apologized for lying.
Damiano apologized for what happened.
Damiano appeared back in the doorway with a smile.
Damiano approached the mysterious man.
Damiano argued that he needed that money.
Damiano argued with the boss for about fifteen minutes.
Damiano arrived at the space station.
Damiano arrived in a cabin.
Damiano asked Isabella for her location.
Damiano asked Isabella if everything was fine.
Damiano asked Isabella why she didn't tell him.
Damiano asked Rima for her ID.
Damiano asked Rima how long he was asleep.
Damiano asked Rima if she knew about God.
Damiano asked Rima if she was afraid.
Damiano asked Rima to call for police assistance.
Damiano asked Rima to kiss the kids for him.
Damiano asked Rima to pay.
Damiano asked Rima to release him.
Damiano asked Rima to stay.
Damiano asked Rima to take care of Walid.
Damiano asked Rima what happened.
Damiano asked Rima what the last thing she remembered was.
Damiano asked Rima why she wanted to kill Rima.
Damiano assumed the car was Rima’s.
Damiano assured Rima that Walid will be alright.
Damiano assured Rima that he rescued animals and set them free.
Damiano assured Rima that his corporation won’t harm her pig.
Damiano assured Rima that she was a good Apache.
Damiano attacked the guard to escape.
Damiano attempted to escape from the chamber.
Damiano attempted to free the alien creature.
Damiano attempted to kidnap Rima.
Damiano attempted to lose the cops.
Damiano attempted to shoot the flying vehicle, but to no avail.
Damiano avoided talking about Mars at the party.
Damiano backed away in fear.
Damiano became an ordained priest.
Damiano became the new face of the corporation.
Damiano became very anxious.
Damiano began lecturing on the subject of optics.
Damiano began to make amends to those he wronged.
Damiano began to record a video on Snapchat.
Damiano began touching Rima.
Damiano begged Rima to save him.
Damiano believed it was a mistake.
Damiano believed that anything is possible.
Damiano believed that would be a suicide mission.
Damiano bid Rima goodbye.
Damiano blasted away an alien.
Damiano boarded a bus.
Damiano boarded the truck.
Damiano bought Rima a pig.
Damiano broke Rima’s phone.
Damiano broke free from Rima’s grip.
Damiano brought Rima to her family.
Damiano brought money.
Damiano burst into the room to break up the fight between Walid and Nabil.
Damiano called Isabella and she came here.
Damiano called Rima a terrible liar.
Damiano called out for the other crew members.
Damiano called the man Walid Nani.
Damiano came home with alcohol poisoning.
Damiano came in.
Damiano came to Algeria to enjoy some lovely weather.
Damiano came to Isabella quickly.
Damiano came to Rima’s funeral.
Damiano came to scare Isabella off.
Damiano came to the forest.
Damiano came up to the checkout area.
Damiano can access Isabella's PC.
Damiano can destroy the mother ship.
Damiano can finish the job.
Damiano can hear the difference.
Damiano can keep the pig.
Damiano can repair the damages.
Damiano can still return to Earth.
Damiano cannot escape himself.
Damiano can’t find his father.
Damiano can’t fly that ship.
Damiano can’t get the computer to work.
Damiano can’t go because of his leg injury.
Damiano can’t identify the fourth person.
Damiano can’t play because of his shoulder injury.
Damiano carried Rima back inside.
Damiano carved this with a carving knife.
Damiano caught Rima’s attention.
Damiano caught everyone’s attention.
Damiano caused the fire.
Damiano celebrated his victory.
Damiano changed the ship’s trajectory.
Damiano checked oxygen consumption.
Damiano checked the frequency.
Damiano checked the social area of the ship.
Damiano circled the water tower with his car.
Damiano claimed he didn’t remember his name.
Damiano cleaned his wounds.
Damiano cleaned the place.
Damiano climbed back down.
Damiano climbed into Rima’s bedroom window.
Damiano closed down for the night.
Damiano comforted the baby.
Damiano complained about the smell.
Damiano confessed to Rima that he was the baby’s father.
Damiano confirmed that Rima wasn’t pregnant.
Damiano confirmed that the statue was authentic gold.
Damiano confronted the alien.
Damiano connected his ship with the other one.
Damiano contacted Rima recently.
Damiano continued exploring the alien vessel.
Damiano continued filming.
Damiano continued on his way.
Damiano continued to chase Rima.
Damiano continued to panic.
Damiano continued to repair the solar panels.
Damiano convinced Rima to drive him back to town.
Damiano convinced Rima to go to Mars.
Damiano convinced Rima to stay there.
Damiano could hear a jackal in the distance.
Damiano could hear his teeth scraping against each other.
Damiano could not accept that God and Jesus were one.
Damiano could still be alive.
Damiano counted his gold.
Damiano cuffed Rima and Walid together.
Damiano cut off the communication.
Damiano danced in the elevator.
Damiano decided to explore the warehouse during the night.
Damiano decided to kill the captive.
Damiano decided to name the little girl Rima.
Damiano decided to organize the accessories area to pass the time.
Damiano decided to sleep in the garden.
Damiano decided to start a new video with the flash on.
Damiano decontaminated the ship.
Damiano defeated the alien.
Damiano defeated the aliens.
Damiano delivered pizzas.
Damiano delivered the bomb.
Damiano demanded Rima to be released.
Damiano detonated the bomb.
Damiano detonated the explosives at the factory.
Damiano did his zombie makeup.
Damiano did that for a minute.
Damiano did the math himself.
Damiano didn't know what Isabella was going to do.
Damiano didn't lock that door.
Damiano didn't look back as he drove.
Damiano didn't pay attention to Isabella.
Damiano didn't really feel safe being there.
Damiano didn't see the man.
Damiano didn't think much of that man.
Damiano didn't want Isabella in the store.
Damiano didn't want to go back there until Isabella left.
Damiano didn’t answer that question.
Damiano didn’t contact Rima.
Damiano didn’t hear his grandfather calling.
Damiano didn’t look at the screen behind him.
Damiano didn’t take part in this.
Damiano didn’t threaten Rima.
Damiano died five days later.
Damiano died from blood loss.
Damiano died in a nuclear criticality accident.
Damiano died in battle.
Damiano died within a few days.
Damiano distracted Rima while she drove.
Damiano distracted the alien.
Damiano doesn't get scared that easily.
Damiano doesn't want Isabella nowhere near him.
Damiano doesn’t even have a company contract.
Damiano doesn’t harm animals.
Damiano doesn’t have an army to follow him.
Damiano doesn’t have anything to do with it.
Damiano doesn’t have his ID.
Damiano doesn’t intend to help Rima.
Damiano doesn’t intend to return.
Damiano doesn’t like being pushed around.
Damiano doesn’t want anything from Rima.
Damiano doesn’t want to hurt Rima.
Damiano dreamed of Rima.
Damiano drew the alien’s attention.
Damiano dropped his gun.
Damiano dropped his wrench out of reach.
Damiano dropped the act and admitted he was mad with Rima.
Damiano drove off as fast as he could, going home.
Damiano drove to the nearest Walmart.
Damiano eliminated the alien.
Damiano encountered more alien ships than he expected.
Damiano encouraged Rima’s son to become a man.
Damiano encouraged the dog to defecate on Rima’s carpet.
Damiano endangered Rima.
Damiano enjoyed dinner with Rima.
Damiano entered his dad's room to look for the gun.
Damiano entered his mom's room.
Damiano entered the store.
Damiano escaped from the alien ship.
Damiano escaped the aliens.
Damiano escaped the scene.
Damiano explained the whole situation.
Damiano explained to Isabella what just happened.
Damiano expressed his disdain to that.
Damiano face the Apache.
Damiano fell down the cliff.
Damiano fell on his ass.
Damiano felt dizzy and collapsed in Rima’s arms.
Damiano felt like time stopped for a moment.
Damiano felt much more comfortable.
Damiano filmed the train crash.
Damiano finally agreed.
Damiano finally arrived on Mars.
Damiano finally awakened.
Damiano finally confronted Rima.
Damiano finally woke up.
Damiano finished a whole other chapter in his book.
Damiano finished checking all his stuff.
Damiano fired and hit another man’s arm.
Damiano fired blindly.
Damiano flicked on the light to the deck.
Damiano floated in space.
Damiano focused on caring for the child on his own.
Damiano followed the blue light.
Damiano followed the others.
Damiano followed the sound of buzzing.
Damiano followed the voice.
Damiano foolishly stepped inside Isabella's sketchy apartment.
Damiano forced Rima to stay behind.
Damiano forced the horse to drag Walid around.
Damiano forced the two pigs to mate.
Damiano fought the alien.
Damiano fought the creatures.
Damiano found Rima brushing her teeth.
Damiano found Rima frozen on the ground.
Damiano found a cassette tape.
Damiano found a cat stuck in a tree.
Damiano found a kitten in a tree.
Damiano found a spacesuit for Rima.
Damiano found a way back home.
Damiano found another bottle.
Damiano found his dog dead.
Damiano found it difficult to find the right words.
Damiano found pentagrams drawn in permanent marker on the wall.
Damiano found satanic drawings on the walls.
Damiano found that Rima was gone.
Damiano found the office empty.
Damiano found the sheriff’s car in his driveway.
Damiano frantically searched for a way out.
Damiano freaked out as well.
Damiano freed his son.
Damiano freed the prisoners.
Damiano froze in his seat.
Damiano froze to death.
Damiano gave Isabella a smile.
Damiano gave Isabella one final delivery for the night.
Damiano gave Isabella the address to the house.
Damiano gave Isabella the wrong address.
Damiano gave Rima a concoction to allow her memory to return.
Damiano gave Rima a cupcake.
Damiano gave Rima a thumbs up.
Damiano gave Rima coffee.
Damiano gave Rima the go signal to proceed.
Damiano gave Rima thick blankets.
Damiano gave the permission.
Damiano go find Isabella.
Damiano got Rima coffee.
Damiano got all the stuff he needed.
Damiano got arrested.
Damiano got distracted by the video.
Damiano got everything started.
Damiano got furious.
Damiano got intimate with Rima.
Damiano got into an escape pod.
Damiano got into the store with his kids.
Damiano got into trouble.
Damiano got near.
Damiano got on the truck to chase after Rima.
Damiano got ready for the trip.
Damiano got really mad at Isabella.
Damiano got sick.
Damiano got taken.
Damiano got the creepiest feel when he stared at the mansion.
Damiano got tired of those videos.
Damiano got tired.
Damiano got up and left.
Damiano grabbed a statue and swung it at Rima.
Damiano grabbed a surgical knife and went to Rima’s room.
Damiano grabbed the gun in mid-air.
Damiano greeted Rima.
Damiano greeted his old friend, Walid.
Damiano grew affection for Rima.
Damiano had a look on his face that I could only described as pure evil.
Damiano had a map of Algeria with dates written on it.
Damiano had a picture of Isabella on his mug.
Damiano had a small wound on his neck.
Damiano had a very weird feeling he was being watched.
Damiano had an agrochemical company.
Damiano had dark hair.
Damiano had no permanent home.
Damiano had no signal inside the cave.
Damiano had nothing left to lose.
Damiano had the house to himself for a couple days.
Damiano had to lie.
Damiano handed Isabella a sample of candy.
Damiano handed Isabella a sample.
Damiano has a strange device on his ear.
Damiano has a twin sister.
Damiano has abandoned the mission.
Damiano has already bought off Rima.
Damiano has already completed the payment.
Damiano has an AI companion.
Damiano has been rejected repeatedly for lacking any expertise.
Damiano has been trying to return home since 2004.
Damiano has brown hair.
Damiano has developed leukemia due to radiation.
Damiano has drifted too far.
Damiano has enough oxygen to make it to Earth.
Damiano has enough oxygen.
Damiano has erased Rima’s memory.
Damiano has multiple houses.
Damiano has no chance of returning to Earth.
Damiano has returned early.
Damiano has to climb a mountain to get to Rima’s village.
Damiano has to find Rima.
Damiano has to open the airlock.
Damiano has to remember this.
Damiano has woken the dragon.
Damiano hasn't heard any kind of noises like this.
Damiano hasn't left the area.
Damiano hasn’t been able to contact Earth.
Damiano hates cops so much.
Damiano headed back to the morgue.
Damiano headed down to the engine room.
Damiano headed further inside the cave.
Damiano headed into the cave to search for Rima.
Damiano headed to Rima’s house.
Damiano headed to the factory with Rima.
Damiano heard Isabella's voice over the walkie.
Damiano heard Rima describe the tsunami as a beautiful event.
Damiano heard a bang at the back door.
Damiano heard a distinct bang on the door.
Damiano heard a female voice.
Damiano heard a tapping sound coming from outside.
Damiano heard an explosion and turned back.
Damiano heard another noise.
Damiano heard dogs barking.
Damiano heard gunshots.
Damiano heard his name called.
Damiano heard of a resistance group fighting the aliens.
Damiano heard that sound, too.
Damiano heard the back door open.
Damiano heard the door shaking.
Damiano heard the door that was left unlocked open.
Damiano heard this.
Damiano held a number of prestigious positions.
Damiano helped Isabella organize the clothes.
Damiano helped Rima out.
Damiano helped them stop the war.
Damiano hid from the aliens.
Damiano hid in a small cave.
Damiano hid in the air ducts.
Damiano hid the coin inside his mouth.
Damiano hoped he would never see Isabella again.
Damiano hoped to save his wife.
Damiano hopped on the roof of the truck.
Damiano hugged his dog to calm him.
Damiano ignited the bom manually.
Damiano immediately recognized Rima.
Damiano infiltrated the building.
Damiano infiltrated the office.
Damiano informed the military that he had the bioweapon.
Damiano inherited the corporation.
Damiano injected Rima with a tranquilizer.
Damiano insisted on seeing Rima first.
Damiano insisted on sending Rima to Mars.
Damiano insisted that he cared about Rima.
Damiano insisted to see that place.
Damiano inspected the plants.
Damiano inspected the ship.
Damiano intended to sacrifice himself.
Damiano investigated the damage.
Damiano invited Rima to join him.
Damiano is a talented person.
Damiano is already a failed star.
Damiano is always right.
Damiano is as good as dead.
Damiano is awaiting trial for his crimes.
Damiano is coming for Isabella next.
Damiano is five foot one.
Damiano is giving up his Mars adventure.
Damiano is glad he's still alive.
Damiano is heading to Mars.
Damiano is here without an ID.
Damiano is impressively hairy.
Damiano is in jail.
Damiano is in search of a new home.
Damiano is in the Yellow Sector.
Damiano is in the communications room.
Damiano is in town.
Damiano is inside.
Damiano is leaving the planet.
Damiano is never returning to Earth.
Damiano is not here that often.
Damiano is on Mars already.
Damiano is outside in the dark.
Damiano is rather on the chubby side.
Damiano is ready to fight back.
Damiano is returning to Earth.
Damiano is standing inside of this room.
Damiano is still in his pod, asleep.
Damiano is still trying to make sense of the situation.
Damiano is stuck there for a few weeks.
Damiano is the corporation scientist.
Damiano is the most qualified person on the ship.
Damiano is the ship’s captain.
Damiano is the ship’s engineer.
Damiano is the ship’s medical officer.
Damiano is thousands of light years away from Earth.
Damiano is to be experimented on next.
Damiano isn’t compliant.
Damiano isn’t convinced.
Damiano isn’t helping Rima anymore.
Damiano isn’t supposed to be there.
Damiano isn’t with them.
Damiano joined a resistance group.
Damiano jumped over the railing.
Damiano just kept smiling.
Damiano just kept staring at Isabella.
Damiano just looked down.
Damiano just stood there in shock.
Damiano just wanted to deliver the pizza and be gone.
Damiano kept Rima locked inside.
Damiano kept checking behind him just to make sure he wasn't followed.
Damiano kept confiscated items in that room.
Damiano kept doing his thing.
Damiano kept his eyes shut.
Damiano kept his head down.
Damiano kept looking around the area just to make sure Isabella wasn't there.
Damiano kept quiet.
Damiano kept seeing that man more and more.
Damiano kept walking around frantically.
Damiano kicked Isabella out of the store.
Damiano kicked Rima.
Damiano killed his childhood friend over the death of his dog.
Damiano killed the alien with his own hands.
Damiano knew Isabella was alone.
Damiano knew Rima was watching him.
Damiano knew Rima wasn’t asleep.
Damiano knew it was Rima’s birthday.
Damiano knew what he heard.
Damiano knocked down the shelves.
Damiano know where the alien hideout is.
Damiano knows where Rima is.
Damiano laid low.
Damiano leaked the video footage to Earth.
Damiano learnt how to use that alien machine.
Damiano learnt that Rima survive.
Damiano left Rima to the police.
Damiano left his wallet in the car.
Damiano left the area with the gold.
Damiano left the camp.
Damiano left the fitting room.
Damiano left the space suit inside.
Damiano left with his girlfriend.
Damiano let Isabella inside.
Damiano let Rima see the rocket launch.
Damiano lived in an apartment in a two-family house.
Damiano lives in a small neighborhood in Algiers.
Damiano lives in the calmest town ever.
Damiano looked Isabella in the eyes.
Damiano looked at Isabella in a look of surprise.
Damiano looked at Isabella with a creepy grin.
Damiano looked at himself in the mirror.
Damiano looked back and spotted a truck.
Damiano looked down.
Damiano looked he was homeless.
Damiano looked like he was on something.
Damiano looked like he was waiting for someone.
Damiano looked outside the window.
Damiano looked traumatized and shaken.
Damiano lost Rima.
Damiano lost consciousness.
Damiano lost four crew members.
Damiano lost his way.
Damiano lost one of his men.
Damiano lured the aliens out.
Damiano made Rima cry.
Damiano made Rima smile.
Damiano made a checklist for Rima.
Damiano made a loud sound.
Damiano made a move on Rima but she rejected him.
Damiano made his entrance.
Damiano made it out of the drain safely.
Damiano made it to the edge.
Damiano made jokes about it and Rima kept quiet.
Damiano made sure Isabella safe.
Damiano made sure the front door was locked.
Damiano managed to inject the serum into the alien.
Damiano managed to lower the main solar panel.
Damiano massaged Rima’s legs.
Damiano met Isabella while working there.
Damiano might have been a homosexual.
Damiano moved the blinds to take a look.
Damiano must run.
Damiano named his sheep "Walid."
Damiano named the baby Rima.
Damiano neared the ship.
Damiano nearly got caught.
Damiano needed to go to the grocery store.
Damiano needs the solar panels to go back to Earth.
Damiano needs to be rescued.
Damiano needs to find someone that can delivery pizzas.
Damiano needs to focus on finding the weapon.
Damiano needs to know where Rima came from.
Damiano needs to turn the lights back on.
Damiano needs transfusion to survive.
Damiano never entered the priesthood.
Damiano never got the message.
Damiano never heard Isabella speak.
Damiano no longer intends to return to Earth.
Damiano noticed that Rima was still awake.
Damiano offered Rima a slice of apple.
Damiano only had his dog.
Damiano opened Isabella's snap, but didn't respond.
Damiano opened his eyes again.
Damiano opened the airlock.
Damiano opened the truck.
Damiano opened the window to get a better listen of what he was hearing.
Damiano ordered Rima to leave.
Damiano ordered Rima to take Walid’s gun.
Damiano ordered his men to kill Rima.
Damiano overheard the conversation about the cannery.
Damiano paced back and forth until Isabella arrived.
Damiano paid for the pizza out of his own pocket.
Damiano panicked in the car.
Damiano paused.
Damiano peeked outside the tunnel.
Damiano petted Isabella on the back and left.
Damiano picked up his phone and started recording.
Damiano piloted the ship manually.
Damiano placed the paper back in the bottle.
Damiano planned to inject the alien with the drug.
Damiano planned to rescue Rima.
Damiano played a video of the boy at the beach.
Damiano pointed directly at Isabella.
Damiano pointed his gun at Rima but she wasn’t threatened.
Damiano prepared Rima for the show.
Damiano prepared his space suit.
Damiano prepared weapons for the battle.
Damiano pretended that nothing was wrong.
Damiano pretended to sleep.
Damiano prevented the alien ship from being launched.
Damiano promised Rima to get Walid off that alien ship.
Damiano promised to join Rima on the next filming.
Damiano promoted the company in exchange for a stay on Mars.
Damiano proposed to Rima on Mars.
Damiano protected the baby from the alien.
Damiano punched Rima throw a glass wall.
Damiano put Rima’s life in danger.
Damiano put all of his bags in his cart.
Damiano put explosives all over the factory.
Damiano put on a mask to begin the heist.
Damiano put on his costume.
Damiano questioned almost everything.
Damiano quickly knocked Walid and his men down.
Damiano quietly approached Rima.
Damiano quit the organization.
Damiano raced home.
Damiano raised pigs.
Damiano ran a simulation to check if he could return to Earth in four months.
Damiano ran down the mountain.
Damiano ran into the women's fitting room so Isabella wouldn't see him.
Damiano ran out of air.
Damiano ran out of breath.
Damiano ran out of the room.
Damiano ran the doorbell and almost immediately, the door swung open.
Damiano ran to find the nearest security guard.
Damiano ran to the front of the ship.
Damiano reached a town called Tigzirt.
Damiano reached the airlock.
Damiano reached the bridge.
Damiano reached the cemetery.
Damiano reached the parking lot.
Damiano reached the shore.
Damiano reached the town’s chemical plant.
Damiano read the health statistics.
Damiano realized that Rima didn’t have her memories.
Damiano really creeped Isabella out.
Damiano really loves Rima.
Damiano reassured Rima about the decision he made.
Damiano received a congratulatory message from the manager.
Damiano received a promotion.
Damiano received no response.
Damiano recounted how it all began.
Damiano refused to approve the override command.
Damiano refused to believe that he made a mistake in the navigation.
Damiano refused to give up leadership to Rima.
Damiano refused to help.
Damiano refused to listen to Rima.
Damiano refused to open the door.
Damiano refused to take the priesthood.
Damiano refused to use the box.
Damiano relocated the horse.
Damiano remained quiet.
Damiano remembers the doctor who tended to him before.
Damiano reminded Rima not to break the rules.
Damiano reminded Rima that he was her husband.
Damiano reminded Rima that the sheep was always meant to be sold for its meat.
Damiano removed his space suit.
Damiano removed his spacesuit.
Damiano removed the bag from the table.
Damiano repeated himself.
Damiano replied that he didn’t need help.
Damiano reported the repairs he made to the station.
Damiano returned Rima’s gun.
Damiano returned to Algiers in the sprint of 2004.
Damiano returned to camp.
Damiano returned to his desk.
Damiano reunited with his family.
Damiano revealed that Rima was in the city.
Damiano revealed that he was from another alien planet.
Damiano revealed that that was an act of sabotage.
Damiano reviewed the video.
Damiano rewatched Isabella's videos.
Damiano rode away.
Damiano rushed to help the injured.
Damiano said Rima was not ready for the answer.
Damiano said he and Rima have been together for four years.
Damiano said he was on his way.
Damiano said he would hunt that strange creature down at down.
Damiano said he would miss Rima.
Damiano said it again.
Damiano sat down to watch the video.
Damiano sat outside, on the ground.
Damiano saved the pig from slaughter.
Damiano saw Isabella approach the manager.
Damiano saw Isabella more and more throughout the store.
Damiano saw Isabella with a look of anger.
Damiano saw Rima coming out of the box.
Damiano saw Rima leaving.
Damiano saw Rima’s body in the morgue.
Damiano saw a deep pit inside the garage.
Damiano saw a friendly face.
Damiano saw a police car outside.
Damiano saw an odd tall creature running away.
Damiano saw nothing in the darkness.
Damiano saw the dog running away from something.
Damiano saw the large pig.
Damiano says that the devil is coming for us all.
Damiano scolded Rima for interrupting him.
Damiano scolded Rima.
Damiano screamed in protest.
Damiano searched behind the bushes.
Damiano seems much healthier than before.
Damiano sent a final message to Earth.
Damiano shared his enthusiasm.
Damiano shared his suspicions about Rima.
Damiano shot Rima at close range.
Damiano shot the alien down.
Damiano shot the alien with an alien weapon.
Damiano shot the lights.
Damiano should be moving soon.
Damiano should get out of here.
Damiano should have called the army.
Damiano shouldn't have been throwing snowballs at cars like that.
Damiano showed Rima a holographic map.
Damiano slammed Rima against the wall.
Damiano slammed Rima against the window.
Damiano slammed Walid’s had against the wall.
Damiano slept 14 hours a day.
Damiano slept after the party.
Damiano slept in the living room.
Damiano slept through the night.
Damiano snitched on Isabella.
Damiano snuck back into his house.
Damiano snuck in through the air ducts.
Damiano snuck into the building.
Damiano sold the pig.
Damiano solved that issue.
Damiano somehow managed to control himself.
Damiano soon arrived at the camp.
Damiano soon reunited with the group.
Damiano spat at Rima.
Damiano spent most of his time in his room, reading.
Damiano spent the summer at a baseball camp.
Damiano spoke in a hoarse voice as if he had a sore throat.
Damiano spotted Rima looking at him.
Damiano spotted the horse being forced into a truck.
Damiano stared at Isabella until she left.
Damiano stared at the woman coldly.
Damiano started babbling again.
Damiano started exploring abandoned warehouses.
Damiano started nudging for Isabella to come inside.
Damiano started rambling about how Mars should be terraformed.
Damiano started shooting at the alien ruthlessly.
Damiano started to apologize about his behavior.
Damiano started to shiver due to the low temperature.
Damiano started to weaken.
Damiano stayed alert.
Damiano stayed behind.
Damiano stayed home with Isabella.
Damiano stayed in his room and turned off the light.
Damiano stayed there for a second, laughing.
Damiano stayed with Isabella for a while.
Damiano stayed with Rima until she died.
Damiano stepped into the light.
Damiano stole ice cream.
Damiano stole some ice cream from the refrigeration unit.
Damiano stood his ground.
Damiano stood in disbelief.
Damiano stood paralyzed.
Damiano stood up and yelled at Isabella.
Damiano stood up in anger.
Damiano stopped Rima from shooting.
Damiano stopped and looked at Isabella.
Damiano stopped behind Isabella.
Damiano stopped recording.
Damiano stopped right behind Isabella.
Damiano stopped the conversation.
Damiano struck Rima with a shovel.
Damiano struggled to get out.
Damiano suddenly appeared on the left.
Damiano suddenly grabbed Rima by the neck.
Damiano suddenly showed up.
Damiano suffered from epilepsy.
Damiano suggested a vote.
Damiano suggested keeping Rima asleep.
Damiano sympathized with Rima.
Damiano talked about his experience.
Damiano talked to a drunk girl.
Damiano talked to the baby.
Damiano talked to the train operator.
Damiano taught Rima how to fight.
Damiano taught his baby how to walk.
Damiano tended to the plants with Rima.
Damiano thinks of Rima as a witch.
Damiano thought Isabella would walk away.
Damiano thought about his previous life on Earth.
Damiano threatened to file a complaint.
Damiano threw a rock into the well and heard a bang in return.
Damiano threw a snowball at a car.
Damiano threw his car in reverse.
Damiano threw some rocks into the well to try and figure out its depth.
Damiano threw the rest of his lunch at Isabella.
Damiano told Isabella he would be right back.
Damiano told Isabella to get the fuck out of his store.
Damiano told Rima about how Walid humiliated him.
Damiano told Rima never to leave that room.
Damiano told Rima not to leave.
Damiano told Rima not to look at the light.
Damiano told Rima not to look at the screen.
Damiano told Rima that the electricity was back.
Damiano told Rima to have faith.
Damiano told Rima to learn Berber.
Damiano told Rima to shut up.
Damiano told his manager all about that man.
Damiano took a shower.
Damiano took his final breath.
Damiano took one of the military Jeeps to escape.
Damiano took part in a promotional video.
Damiano took some supplies and left.
Damiano took the baby out of the incubator.
Damiano took the call.
Damiano took the gold.
Damiano took the phone.
Damiano tossed bags of dynamite into the alien ship.
Damiano totally understood.
Damiano touched Rima to comfort her.
Damiano trashed out.
Damiano tried not overthinking it.
Damiano tried the decelerate the ship.
Damiano tried to calm Rima down.
Damiano tried to communicate with the ship.
Damiano tried to control the ship manually.
Damiano tried to enter the mall.
Damiano tried to keep himself busy.
Damiano tried to lower the main solar panel.
Damiano tried to pursue Rima.
Damiano tried to record a video in the woods.
Damiano tried to steal Isabella and her kids.
Damiano tried to steal a bunch of stuff from Isabella's store at the mall.
Damiano tried to teach Rima some Berber words.
Damiano tried to text Rima.
Damiano tried to trick Rima.
Damiano turned his phone off and went to sleep.
Damiano turned off the engine.
Damiano turned off the lights.
Damiano unzipped the sleeping bag.
Damiano urged Rima to save his son.
Damiano used a gun.
Damiano used a telescope to look into the night sky.
Damiano used makeup to turn Rima into a zombie for the next scene.
Damiano used to be an animal lover.
Damiano used to love to explore those woods.
Damiano usually works night shifts.
Damiano visited his parents’ graves.
Damiano visited the graves.
Damiano visited the nature preserve.
Damiano volunteered, too.
Damiano waited until dark.
Damiano walked Isabella to her truck.
Damiano walked in and introduced himself to the passengers.
Damiano walked into the observation room.
Damiano walked into the store.
Damiano walked on broken glass.
Damiano walked out like that.
Damiano walked out of the warehouse.
Damiano walked out to his car.
Damiano walked past the fitting room.
Damiano walked through the store.
Damiano walked to Rima.
Damiano walked to the checkout area.
Damiano walked towards the light.
Damiano wanted to achieve his dream.
Damiano wanted to add some emotional value to the plot.
Damiano wanted to destroy the alien mother ship.
Damiano wanted to explore that drain.
Damiano wanted to explore that storm drain.
Damiano wanted to have sex with Isabella.
Damiano wanted to join, too, but Rima denied him.
Damiano wanted to say something.
Damiano wanted to see the rocket launch.
Damiano wanted to throw up for fear.
Damiano wants the whole truth.
Damiano wants to destroy the entire alien race.
Damiano wants to go back home with Rima.
Damiano wants to live forever.
Damiano was Rima’s lover.
Damiano was a TV personality.
Damiano was a delivery boy.
Damiano was a devoted Christian.
Damiano was a free man.
Damiano was a freshman at the University of Alabama.
Damiano was about to go to sleep.
Damiano was acting very weird.
Damiano was advised to keep all doors locked.
Damiano was ambushed by the alien.
Damiano was approaching quickly.
Damiano was approaching the alien ship.
Damiano was at the camp.
Damiano was attacked by a crow inside the warehouse.
Damiano was back in his spaceship.
Damiano was behind Isabella's house.
Damiano was behind the candy counter.
Damiano was biting Isabella like an animal.
Damiano was born four hundred years ago.
Damiano was bossing Rima around.
Damiano was breathing heavily for a moment.
Damiano was calling it a night.
Damiano was captured by Native Americans.
Damiano was captured by aliens and experimented on.
Damiano was caught by one of those alien ships.
Damiano was confused as he watched Rima and Walid.
Damiano was content to spend hours alone with his thoughts.
Damiano was creeping everyone out.
Damiano was distraught.
Damiano was dreaming about the planet.
Damiano was drinking and smoking in the other room.
Damiano was eating spaghetti and meatballs that day.
Damiano was enjoying his time in the mansion.
Damiano was enjoying ice cream in the park.
Damiano was enraged and fought the alien.
Damiano was euthanized.
Damiano was exploring an abandoned warehouse that night.
Damiano was fairly busy.
Damiano was fed up of his son’s behavior.
Damiano was fixing an electrical post.
Damiano was forced into the building.
Damiano was freed.
Damiano was frozen in his tracks when he heard that sound.
Damiano was getting impatient.
Damiano was getting ready.
Damiano was glad Rima was free.
Damiano was going to Algiers to get Rima back.
Damiano was greatly respected.
Damiano was having an existential crisis.
Damiano was heading to Mars.
Damiano was heading to the wrong planet.
Damiano was hoping to join Rima.
Damiano was immediately uncomfortable with the situation he was putting himself in.
Damiano was in Rima’s house.
Damiano was in a concentration camp.
Damiano was in a very dark place.
Damiano was in another star system.
Damiano was in different clothes.
Damiano was in the checkout area.
Damiano was in the control room.
Damiano was in the fitting room.
Damiano was in the observation room.
Damiano was in the rural side of town.
Damiano was in the space station.
Damiano was in the store with his five young boys.
Damiano was in the video.
Damiano was in the wreckage.
Damiano was in zero gravity.
Damiano was inside the space station.
Damiano was inside the truck.
Damiano was insulted by a man.
Damiano was just confused.
Damiano was just staring at Isabella.
Damiano was killed when he tried to save Rima.
Damiano was looking for something to do.
Damiano was looking through the room's window.
Damiano was loud and outgoing.
Damiano was making Isabella extremely uncomfortable.
Damiano was making repairs outside the ship.
Damiano was merely a scout.
Damiano was mistreated by his boss due to his illegal status.
Damiano was moving into that place.
Damiano was near Isabella.
Damiano was nowhere in sight.
Damiano was nowhere to be found.
Damiano was on Mars.
Damiano was on a university campus.
Damiano was onboard to sabotage the mission.
Damiano was out of bullets.
Damiano was overwhelmed.
Damiano was pointing a gun at Rima’s head.
Damiano was probably five foot one.
Damiano was put in the infirmary tent.
Damiano was reading his book on the couch in the living room by the lamp.
Damiano was rejected repeatedly.
Damiano was released before his father arrived.
Damiano was released from prison.
Damiano was required to lecture on mathematics.
Damiano was responsible for the solar panels.
Damiano was resting and watching a YouTube video in his bed.
Damiano was rubbing shoulders with the most prominent scientists in the world.
Damiano was running down the hall, following Isabella.
Damiano was scared and confused.
Damiano was scared at the time.
Damiano was screaming and threshing.
Damiano was sent to a dwarf planet named Ceres.
Damiano was simply amused by that.
Damiano was sitting on the toilet.
Damiano was smoking on his bed.
Damiano was somewhere in space.
Damiano was spotted by one of the aliens and got attacked.
Damiano was stalking Isabella in the park.
Damiano was standing at the entrance of the men's fitting room.
Damiano was standing there, doing God knows what.
Damiano was staring at Isabella like she was his prey.
Damiano was still glaring at Isabella.
Damiano was still loyal to his former boss.
Damiano was still obsessed by that experiment.
Damiano was still pounding on the door.
Damiano was still staring at Isabella.
Damiano was still trapped there.
Damiano was strapped to his bed.
Damiano was stunned.
Damiano was sucked into an alien spaceship.
Damiano was super friendly.
Damiano was supposed to be taken to Algiers.
Damiano was surprised to hear the news.
Damiano was surprised to meet Rima again.
Damiano was taken to a military base.
Damiano was taken to the infirmary.
Damiano was talking to a dying woman.
Damiano was talking to customers and handing out samples.
Damiano was the founder of Damiano Industries.
Damiano was the only one who stayed behind.
Damiano was throwing snowballs at passing cars.
Damiano was thrown off his horse.
Damiano was thrown out of the alien vessel.
Damiano was tired of Rima’s attitude.
Damiano was too enraged.
Damiano was trying to fight against the alien invasion.
Damiano was trying to fix a water leak.
Damiano was unable to escape.
Damiano was unable to sleep.
Damiano was using his oxygen too fast.
Damiano was using public Wi-Fi.
Damiano was very drunk.
Damiano was waiting for Isabella in the checkout area.
Damiano was watching from the corner of that shed.
Damiano was watching the sunset while driving over there.
Damiano was with his five young boys.
Damiano was working in a candy shop.
Damiano wasn't alarmed when he first heard that noise.
Damiano wasn't doing anything illegal.
Damiano wasn't spared.
Damiano wasn’t happy to see Rima.
Damiano wasn’t threatened.
Damiano waved at the police car.
Damiano welcomed Rima back home.
Damiano welcomed his guests to an inauguration.
Damiano went and hid behind a car.
Damiano went back inside.
Damiano went back into that storm drain.
Damiano went back to the airlock.
Damiano went back to the fitting room.
Damiano went ice fishing.
Damiano went inside the drain.
Damiano went into the backroom.
Damiano went into the boss's office.
Damiano went on to explain how Isabella was making his customers very uncomfortable.
Damiano went to Rima’s house.
Damiano went to daycare.
Damiano went to get his wallet.
Damiano went to his car to get his wallet.
Damiano went to talk to Rima.
Damiano went to the fitting room very quickly to look for Isabella.
Damiano went to the luggage room.
Damiano went to the men's area.
Damiano went to the river to defecate.
Damiano whispered suggestively to Rima.
Damiano will be gone for five weeks out of state.
Damiano will be taken to the federal marshall.
Damiano will be turning Walid over to the federal marshall for his crimes.
Damiano will be visiting tomorrow.
Damiano will deliver pizza.
Damiano will get a bonus for that.
Damiano will go ahead and kill Rima.
Damiano will probably get caught.
Damiano will still be Rima’s family.
Damiano will survive.
Damiano will throw Rima out.
Damiano wished he was the one who died instead.
Damiano witnessed how beautiful Mars was.
Damiano woke up in the middle of nowhere.
Damiano woke up the rest of his crew.
Damiano won't be back for a few days.
Damiano won't be going back to that Walmart by himself anymore.
Damiano wondered what the military would do to him.
Damiano won’t be seeing Rima for years.
Damiano won’t be staying for long.
Damiano worked at a pizzeria.
Damiano worked at the cafe.
Damiano worked in a massive repair facility.
Damiano works and researches here every day.
Damiano works at a Target.
Damiano works in the medical field.
Damiano works until we close.
Damiano wrote Isabella's name on the toilet seat.
Damiano wrote an article on the nature of light.
Damiano zipped the bag up again.
Damiano's co-workers left.
Damiano's loud argument with Isabella was John's cue to leave.
Damiano's phone dropped to the floor.
Damiano's street is a small cul-de-sac.
Damiano’s German Shepherd went missing.
Damiano’s application was rejected again.
Damiano’s body has shrivelled to skin and bones.
Damiano’s body was floating in space.
Damiano’s bracelet started beeping, alerting him that the aliens were coming.
Damiano’s car was trapped and he was unconscious.
Damiano’s family was still missing.
Damiano’s girlfriend was still alive.
Damiano’s leg was stuck.
Damiano’s life as improved on Mars.
Damiano’s missing dog was found in the woods.
Damiano’s mission is to secure the payload.
Damiano’s oxygen reserves were low.
Damiano’s robot is broken.
Damiano’s sheep leave a minimum environmental footprint.
Damiano’s solar panels have been severely damaged.
Damiano’s song ended.
Damiano’s steamboat was miles away.
Damien didn't give up crime, he just got into cybercrime.
Damien is one of my more recent friends from when I was living in Vancouver, BC. We have both natural languages and artificial languages as common hobbies. He tutored me in French online when he was still living in Ottawa. A memorable occasion was when we ate in a Mexican restaurant Tio Pepe's on stylish Commercial Drive in Vancouver, BC. We enjoy chatting about languages. He likes all of Esperanto, Interlingua, and Ido, and not just those conlangs. He is darkly brown-haired of Polish descent.
Damien, my Polish-descent linguist friend adored native cultures around this world. He liked my invented language Kwaadakw, based on Amerindian languages.
Dammit! That was our only way out!
Dammit, I've been ninja'd again!
Dammit, Tom, not again!
Dammit, she completely ignored me.
Dammit, that pest Nagisa, she really went and snitched on me to the teachers.
Dammit, who the hell's calling me in the middle of the night?
Dammit... How did I get myself into this!?
Damn Tom!
Damn crappy device doesn't work anymore.
Damn good woman!
Damn it all!
Damn it all.
Damn it!
Damn it! He's escaped me again.
Damn it! He’s escaped me again.
Damn it! I forgot my password!
Damn it! This stupid door won't open!
Damn it, Tom. I said no!
Damn it, it failed.
Damn it, you're worth it, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Damn it.
Damn pervert, you ruined my life!
Damn rascal! Did you really think you were going to trick me?
Damn shame, that's what it is.
Damn the day I met you.
Damn the torpedoes!
Damn them!
Damn thief.
Damn those New Yorkers; they're taking all our rightful Bostonian jobs.
Damn you!
Damn you, you always have good luck!
Damn you.
Damn!
Damn! I can't find my wallet.
Damn! I forgot to buy rice.
Damn! It's not bad!
Damn! It’s not bad!
Damn! Swiss trains have everything!
Damn! This toaster tries to make a monkey out of me.
Damn!  It hurts to see my identity crumble.
Damn, I almost forgot!
Damn, I forgot my password!
Damn, I forgot my pills.
Damn, I missed the train again!
Damn, I still have to find a hidden place where I could dispose of this body so that I won't get noticed.
Damn, I was wrong.
Damn, I wonder what I look like without hair.
Damn, Jackson! You really have a learning disability!
Damn, Valsi isn't here.
Damn, can you imagine how badly they smelled?
Damn, did you see that?
Damn, it failed!
Damn, it failed.
Damn, it's chilly out.
Damn, it's cold.
Damn, it's hot!
Damn, it's moving.
Damn, my head hurts.
Damn, my wheat pillow is sprouting.
Damn, she's HOT!
Damn, that sucks!
Damn, the elephants are blocking my way!
Damn, then what am I supposed to use to get you into the call?
Damn, they've got a nice house! I wonder where they got the money for it...
Damn, this beat goes hard.
Damn, this ice cream is really good!
Damn, where did I put my glasses?
Damn, where's her daily dose of insulin?
Damn, you're such a mug.
Damn.
Damn... This is going to be a very long week...
Damnation Alley was a film and a novel about a post-apocalyptic future.
Damned if I know!
Damned if I know.
Damned if you do and damned if you don't.
Damned!
Damned, you look good!
Damning evidence was produced against him.
Damon showed me his stamp album.
Damp patches appear when it rains.
Dampen the edges of the pastry in the dish with a little cold water, cover with the lid, press the edges firmly together, and crimp to decorate.
Dampening the brightness of a star's light would extend the capability of a space telescope to detect orbiting exoplanets.
Dams built by beavers serve to diminish flooding along those rivers.
Dan Distel is a shipworm biologist.
Dan Rather, a folksy longtime journalist, humorously declared: "Beware of pastries, easy credit and politicians' promises."
Dan accepted Linda's invitation to dinner.
Dan accidentally called Linda "Rita", which angered her.
Dan accidentally set fire to the curtain.
Dan accused Linda of being a tranny.
Dan accused Linda of stealing rations.
Dan admitted that when he ran Linda over, he was under the influence of marijuana.
Dan admitted the affair.
Dan admitted to Linda that he had been having an affair.
Dan agreed to help Linda find a job.
Dan agreed to speak to a negotiator.
Dan agreed to talk to Detective Matt Brown at the station.
Dan allowed the police to search his home.
Dan almost got away with it.
Dan always carried a gun.
Dan always gets his ties ironed.
Dan always sleeps with the right side of his head on the pillow.
Dan ambushed a security guard and knocked him unconscious.
Dan analyzed Linda's fingerprints.
Dan and Linda adopted a lovely little girl.
Dan and Linda adopted a young boy from Cambodia.
Dan and Linda are in trouble.
Dan and Linda are twins.
Dan and Linda began to have sex.
Dan and Linda consulted a specialist to help them have children.
Dan and Linda decided to adopt a little child.
Dan and Linda decided to marry against the wishes of their parents.
Dan and Linda didn't even have sex.
Dan and Linda eventually moved to London.
Dan and Linda failed to conceive.
Dan and Linda flew to London.
Dan and Linda got married eight days later.
Dan and Linda had a chance encounter at an airport.
Dan and Linda had a common bond.
Dan and Linda had a discussion about racial tensions.
Dan and Linda had been married for twenty years.
Dan and Linda live in London where they both grew up.
Dan and Linda lived in a rundown apartment.
Dan and Linda married in a church.
Dan and Linda met an elderly couple at the park.
Dan and Linda met on Christmas.
Dan and Linda quickly fell in love.
Dan and Linda reconciled.
Dan and Linda rented the top floor of a house in Glasgow.
Dan and Linda retreated to their room to make out.
Dan and Linda returned home.
Dan and Linda seemed perfect together.
Dan and Linda shared a cigarette.
Dan and Linda spent the summer together.
Dan and Linda split up two years ago.
Dan and Linda started to date.
Dan and Linda stopped talking to each other.
Dan and Linda talked to each other in Slovak, but only talked to their kids in Italian.
Dan and Linda taught their children Italian even before going to Italy.
Dan and Linda took walks together.
Dan and Linda went to a restaurant.
Dan and Linda went to the beach to attend a party.
Dan and Linda were forced from their home.
Dan and Linda were high school sweethearts.
Dan and Linda were married from 1994 to 2002.
Dan and Linda were ready to start a family.
Dan and Linda were walking home.
Dan and Linda weren't even engaged.
Dan and Matt continued to fight outside the bus.
Dan and Matt had been best friends for years.
Dan and Matt work as security guards for a private firm.
Dan and his classmates mourned Linda's death.
Dan and his friends gathered outside the police station.
Dan angrily attacked Linda.
Dan announced that he and Linda were getting divorced.
Dan apologized and hung up.
Dan apologized to Linda for being dishonest.
Dan apologized to his daughter, Linda, for not letting her go to the party.
Dan appears to have had several surgeries in the leg.
Dan appreciated your letter of condolence.
Dan approached Linda's car.
Dan approached the runway too fast.
Dan argued with Linda about her pregnancy.
Dan argued with the waitress over a piece of cheese.
Dan arrested Linda at a pizza parlor.
Dan arrived at Linda's apartment.
Dan arrived at Princeton University in 1976.
Dan arrived at the maximum security facility on January 2.
Dan arrived first.
Dan arrived in London with a group of experts.
Dan asked Linda for the rest of his payment.
Dan asked Linda how she became interested in archeology.
Dan asked Linda if she wanted to continue the party somewhere else.
Dan asked Linda to kiss him.
Dan asked Linda to spend the night with him.
Dan asked Linda to take all of her clothes off.
Dan asked Linda to the school dance.
Dan asked Linda what her plans for the future were.
Dan asked Linda's father if he could date his daughter.
Dan asked fellow inmate Matt to supply him with a fork.
Dan asked his sister to prepare him a cup of coffee.
Dan assaulted Linda.
Dan assisted Linda at the library.
Dan assured Linda that he wasn't going to hurt her.
Dan assured Linda that he would do all he could to find her daughter.
Dan ate the leftovers.
Dan attached wedding decorations to his car.
Dan attacked a black student.
Dan attempted to destroy evidence.
Dan attempted to find out more about Linda's troubled past.
Dan attempted to live a normal life with his disease.
Dan attended Linda's funeral.
Dan attended Oxford University.
Dan attended a party with other students.
Dan attended a prestigious music school.
Dan attended an anti-racist rally.
Dan babysat Linda's children.
Dan bailed Matt and Linda out.
Dan bandaged his hand.
Dan beat Matt bloody.
Dan beat up Linda's brother, Matt.
Dan became a drug dealer.
Dan became a successful reporter.
Dan became depressed after Linda left him.
Dan became more and more angry.
Dan became the prime suspect.
Dan became the target of dangerous criminals.
Dan befriended one of the waitresses.
Dan befriended several gangsters while in jail.
Dan began a new friendship with Linda.
Dan began a new life in London.
Dan began an erratic sexual relationship with his youngest aunt, Linda.
Dan began costly cancer therapy.
Dan began dating his childhood friend, Linda.
Dan began displaying symptoms of Alzheimer's.
Dan began to drink and ended up on the streets.
Dan began to search the house.
Dan begged Linda for forgiveness.
Dan believed Linda was pregnant.
Dan believed in Linda's innocence.
Dan believed that Linda was cheating on him.
Dan believed that the hammer was the murder weapon.
Dan believes that he's the center of the universe.
Dan believes this tie belongs to his wife's lover.
Dan berated Matt for involving Linda in the robbery.
Dan blamed Linda for causing him to be late.
Dan borrowed 50 dollars from Matt to buy Linda a birthday present.
Dan borrowed a book from Linda.
Dan bought Linda a nice little present.
Dan bought a new computer.
Dan bought an acre of land in Nevada.
Dan broke into the vault and stole millions of dollars.
Dan brought the violin to Linda.
Dan brought up his children in London.
Dan bullied one of his classmates.
Dan burst in and interrupted the conversation.
Dan called for a tow truck.
Dan called the police to report an emergency.
Dan came across an injured raccoon.
Dan came back after spending two months in Scotland.
Dan came back downstairs.
Dan came back home tired.
Dan came for Julie at six.
Dan came for a visit yesterday.
Dan came home early to catch Linda cheating on him.
Dan came home very drunk.
Dan came in first place.
Dan came inside and started shouting.
Dan came out of sedation.
Dan came to Linda's birthday party.
Dan came to London with just two hundred pounds.
Dan came to the police station for questioning.
Dan came to trust Linda.
Dan came up with a new idea.
Dan can sing well in English.
Dan can speak six languages and understand at least another dozen.
Dan can't be fired.
Dan can't keep seeing Linda.
Dan can't tell you anything.
Dan carefully lifted the badly decayed body of the cat.
Dan carried the bag on his shoulder.
Dan changed Linda's life.
Dan changed the locks of his house.
Dan chased the mugger and caught him.
Dan checked in at a local motel.
Dan checked in to a local hotel.
Dan checked into a hotel in London.
Dan checked the weather forecast before taking off.
Dan claimed he stole the diamond from a rich businessman's wife.
Dan claimed responsibility for Linda's murder.
Dan claimed that Linda shot him.
Dan claimed that Linda was the reason for his unhappiness.
Dan claimed that he acted in self-defence.
Dan claimed that he had lost his key.
Dan claimed that it was an accident.
Dan climbed on top of a train.
Dan closed the store.
Dan comes from a very traditional family.
Dan committed suicide to avoid arrest.
Dan committed the ultimate violation.
Dan committed the worst imaginable crime.
Dan confessed everything to the police.
Dan confessed to Linda that he was a heavy drinker.
Dan confessed to Linda that he was dying.
Dan contacted Linda's sister.
Dan continued to insult Linda.
Dan continued to steal money from the cash register.
Dan converted his bedroom into an office.
Dan corroborated Linda's story.
Dan could not adjust to life outside jail.
Dan could not get Linda to tell him what was wrong.
Dan couldn't believe that Linda could do something that dumb.
Dan couldn't defend himself.
Dan couldn't escape with the money.
Dan couldn't find Linda.
Dan couldn't find anyone to give him a ride home.
Dan couldn't imagine how difficult flying in the Sahara could be.
Dan couldn't understand the magnitude of what had taken place.
Dan crashed into a tree.
Dan created a site and published all of Linda's nude pictures in it.
Dan created his company from scratch.
Dan crossed the border illegally.
Dan crossed the border to Mexico but was immediately arrested by the local police.
Dan crumbled the sandwich and threw it to the floor.
Dan cut himself shaving.
Dan dated Linda for a very short period of time.
Dan dated Linda when she was a teenager.
Dan decided to go ahead with his plan.
Dan decided to leave town.
Dan decided to risk it all.
Dan decided to travel the world.
Dan decorated the walls of his room with racist symbols.
Dan demanded to see the manager.
Dan denied having anything to do with Linda.
Dan denied he had anything to do with Linda's rape.
Dan denied he was involved in the murder.
Dan desired to kill Linda.
Dan developed the film.
Dan devised an escape scheme with one of his cellmates.
Dan did it with care but with ease.
Dan did not get from Linda the love he was looking for in return.
Dan did some research on Linda.
Dan didn't care about the feelings of others.
Dan didn't deserve to die.
Dan didn't even act sick.
Dan didn't even admit that.
Dan didn't even agree to talk to Linda on the phone.
Dan didn't even answer Linda's calls.
Dan didn't even apologize for that.
Dan didn't even apologize to Linda.
Dan didn't even appear remorseful.
Dan didn't even apply for the job.
Dan didn't even ask for his room number.
Dan didn't even ask for my permission.
Dan didn't even attend the meeting.
Dan didn't even back his car to the door.
Dan didn't even blink.
Dan didn't even bother knocking on the door.
Dan didn't even bother to get Linda a Valentine's Day card.
Dan didn't even bother to greet Linda.
Dan didn't even bother to reply.
Dan didn't even bother to ring the bell.
Dan didn't even bother to tell Linda about the incident.
Dan didn't even bring a camera.
Dan didn't even buy a ticket.
Dan didn't even call the police.
Dan didn't even care about Linda.
Dan didn't even care to cover his tracks.
Dan didn't even check his mailbox.
Dan didn't even clean the kitchen.
Dan didn't even come in.
Dan didn't even come to the party.
Dan didn't even comment on Linda's picture.
Dan didn't even consult Linda about it.
Dan didn't even cry.
Dan didn't even deserve the nomination.
Dan didn't even discuss the problem with Linda.
Dan didn't even do drugs.
Dan didn't even do the dishes.
Dan didn't even drive Linda home.
Dan didn't even eat the cake.
Dan didn't even ejaculate.
Dan didn't even email Linda back.
Dan didn't even feel ashamed.
Dan didn't even feel embarrassed.
Dan didn't even feel the needle.
Dan didn't even fill in the form.
Dan didn't even finish the report.
Dan didn't even flush the toilet.
Dan didn't even get a chance to say 'goodbye.'
Dan didn't even give Linda a chance to explain.
Dan didn't even give Linda a reason.
Dan didn't even give Linda some cash.
Dan didn't even give the badge back.
Dan didn't even go to the party.
Dan didn't even go upstairs.
Dan didn't even greet Linda back.
Dan didn't even have children.
Dan didn't even have enough money to pay the rent.
Dan didn't even have shoes on.
Dan didn't even have the courage to deny the accusations.
Dan didn't even have the decency to thank Linda.
Dan didn't even have the slightest idea which part of London he was in.
Dan didn't even have time to eat.
Dan didn't even have to read the document.
Dan didn't even hear what Linda said.
Dan didn't even help Linda.
Dan didn't even hesitate to do that.
Dan didn't even imagine this.
Dan didn't even intend to call Linda.
Dan didn't even invite Linda.
Dan didn't even join the club.
Dan didn't even kiss Linda.
Dan didn't even know he had been manipulated.
Dan didn't even know how to prepare a sauce.
Dan didn't even know that Linda was gone.
Dan didn't even know who his father was.
Dan didn't even leave a message.
Dan didn't even let Linda collect her clothes.
Dan didn't even let Linda tell her mother goodbye.
Dan didn't even like guns.
Dan didn't even listen to Linda's album.
Dan didn't even live in London.
Dan didn't even live with Linda.
Dan didn't even lock his doors.
Dan didn't even love Linda.
Dan didn't even make it through the front door.
Dan didn't even make phone calls.
Dan didn't even mention Linda's name.
Dan didn't even need to interview Linda.
Dan didn't even negotiate the price.
Dan didn't even notice that Linda was gone.
Dan didn't even offer Linda a cup.
Dan didn't even offer Linda a ride.
Dan didn't even offer to help Linda.
Dan didn't even own that house.
Dan didn't even pay attention to Linda.
Dan didn't even pay the bill.
Dan didn't even plan to marry Linda.
Dan didn't even protest.
Dan didn't even read the instructions.
Dan didn't even read the letter to the end.
Dan didn't even realize that he had been swindled.
Dan didn't even recognize Linda.
Dan didn't even refund the money.
Dan didn't even remember Linda's name.
Dan didn't even remove the sticker.
Dan didn't even reveal his last name.
Dan didn't even say 'goodbye'.
Dan didn't even say 'sorry.'
Dan didn't even see Linda.
Dan didn't even see it coming.
Dan didn't even see the show.
Dan didn't even seem mad.
Dan didn't even seem to realize he had hurt Linda.
Dan didn't even send Linda a postcard.
Dan didn't even share his pictures with Linda on Facebook.
Dan didn't even shave his beard.
Dan didn't even show his hands.
Dan didn't even show up.
Dan didn't even slap Linda.
Dan didn't even slow down.
Dan didn't even smile.
Dan didn't even speak English until he was thirteen.
Dan didn't even speak.
Dan didn't even start writing.
Dan didn't even study Spanish.
Dan didn't even take a shower.
Dan didn't even take basic anatomy classes.
Dan didn't even take the medication.
Dan didn't even talk about Linda.
Dan didn't even tell his family that he was enlisting in the army.
Dan didn't even text Linda.
Dan didn't even think to ask permission from his manager.
Dan didn't even throw the ball.
Dan didn't even touch Linda.
Dan didn't even try to contact Linda.
Dan didn't even try to do the right thing.
Dan didn't even try to find out what was wrong.
Dan didn't even try to hide that feeling.
Dan didn't even try to lose weight.
Dan didn't even try.
Dan didn't even turn to face Linda.
Dan didn't even understand what Linda was telling him.
Dan didn't even use a hammer to fix the chair.
Dan didn't even vote.
Dan didn't even wait for his turn.
Dan didn't even want the present.
Dan didn't even want to date Linda.
Dan didn't even want to drive.
Dan didn't even want to go there.
Dan didn't even want to train Linda.
Dan didn't even wash his hair.
Dan didn't even watch the film.
Dan didn't even water the flowers.
Dan didn't even wear a suit.
Dan didn't even win the contest.
Dan didn't even wish his Twitter fans happy holidays.
Dan didn't even wonder why Linda crossed the street.
Dan didn't even worry about that.
Dan didn't even write a letter to Linda.
Dan didn't even yell at Linda.
Dan didn't expect the training to be so hard.
Dan didn't expect to find much about Linda's past.
Dan didn't find the diamond in the safe.
Dan didn't fulfill his duty.
Dan didn't have any empathy whatsoever to any human being.
Dan didn't hesitate even a second to do that.
Dan didn't intentionally murder Linda.
Dan didn't know anything about Linda's past.
Dan didn't know where Linda was heading, but followed her anyway.
Dan didn't know where his car key was.
Dan didn't like Linda's comments.
Dan didn't mention Linda's money laundering to the police.
Dan didn't miss any episode of that soap opera.
Dan didn't participate in the killing of Linda.
Dan didn't say anything about his past.
Dan didn't show up for work that day.
Dan didn't speak of it.
Dan didn't turn in his weapon for testing.
Dan didn't use a mobile.
Dan didn't want his daughter Linda to date Matt.
Dan didn't want to be taxed on the land he inherited from his mother.
Dan didn't want to believe that Linda did that.
Dan didn't want to go back to an orphanage.
Dan didn't want to leave his business unattended.
Dan didn't want to seem shy.
Dan didn't want to tell how he and Linda had met.
Dan didn't want to write about the incident in the local newspaper.
Dan died at the end of the winter.
Dan died of asphyxiation.
Dan died of brain cancer in Mexico.
Dan died of his gunshot wound.
Dan disconnected Linda from her respirator.
Dan discovered Linda had another phone.
Dan discovered Linda's backpack in the woods.
Dan discovered a hole in the wall under his bed in the cell.
Dan discovered a pile of dirty clothes in Linda's backyard.
Dan discovered that Matt was a corrupt cop.
Dan discovered that his wife had been unfaithful.
Dan discussed each detail with Linda.
Dan discussed with his friends how to have his articles published.
Dan dislikes Matt because he's blunt and insensitive.
Dan distanced himself from Linda's family.
Dan distracted the shop assistant while Linda was shoplifting.
Dan doesn't appear to be paying attention.
Dan doesn't bite.
Dan doesn't care much for imbeciles.
Dan doesn't have anything to do with that site.
Dan doesn't know the extent of Linda's criminal history.
Dan doesn't know what to do about it.
Dan doesn't like dictators.
Dan doesn't like me either.
Dan doesn't like street bullies like you.
Dan doesn't like the color of the walls.
Dan doesn't want to look heartless.
Dan doesn't want to see Linda anymore.
Dan dragged Linda out of the house and threw her in the street.
Dan dropped out of college and started looking for a job.
Dan dropped out of school at age thirteen.
Dan drove Linda to her neighborhood.
Dan drove Linda to his house to meet his parents.
Dan drove the train to a maintenance workshop.
Dan drove to the river.
Dan dug a tunnel in his cell with a spoon.
Dan dumped Linda's body along the road.
Dan dumped Linda's body in the river.
Dan eluded police for almost two years.
Dan encouraged Linda to report the rape.
Dan encouraged Linda to write to her father.
Dan ended up in jail.
Dan entered the courtroom.
Dan entered the facility through a damaged metal grate.
Dan escaped by jumping from the third floor.
Dan escaped from his cell through a tunnel.
Dan escaped from jail just two months after he arrived there.
Dan eventually confessed that he got the gun from Linda.
Dan eventually learnt what Linda was up to.
Dan examined the abandoned car.
Dan examined the contents of the victim's purse.
Dan exited the train station at seven thirty.
Dan experienced a spiritual awakening.
Dan explained in detail how he lost all his money.
Dan exploited immigrant workers like slaves.
Dan expressed his racist beliefs in public.
Dan failed as a travel agent.
Dan failed the polygraph test.
Dan failed to pay up his debts.
Dan failed to remove all the biological evidence.
Dan failed to save the hostages.
Dan feeds roaches to his big hairy spider.
Dan fell to the ground and broke three ribs.
Dan felt guilty about Linda's death.
Dan felt like his mother no longer wanted him.
Dan finally realized that Linda was right.
Dan finally released his hostage after two days of captivity.
Dan finished dressing his daughter, Linda.
Dan finished his shift at eight o'clock.
Dan finished the wounded dog off with a big rock.
Dan fired Linda for ruining the plan.
Dan fixed a quick meal for Linda.
Dan fled to Mexico.
Dan flew into a rage.
Dan flossed his teeth.
Dan followed the tracks.
Dan forgot himself and told the truth.
Dan forgot to wear gloves.
Dan fought a war and won it.
Dan found Linda a good job.
Dan found Linda crying in her room.
Dan found Linda in bed with her lover.
Dan found Linda inside his car.
Dan found Linda on the floor of the basement with a serious wound in the head.
Dan found Linda still breathing.
Dan found Linda's bike in the basement.
Dan found a bruise on his son's thigh.
Dan found a dead body in the woods.
Dan found a human skull a few yards from the road.
Dan found blood spatter on the wall.
Dan found five pairs of shoes in the closet.
Dan found himself in love with Linda.
Dan found it hard to adjust to life in the monastery.
Dan found out more about Linda's past.
Dan found out that Linda was wanted.
Dan found romance with a woman almost half his age.
Dan found the password to Linda's computer.
Dan found tire tracks in the driveway.
Dan gagged Linda and locked her up in a closet.
Dan gave Linda a book that once belonged to his grandfather.
Dan gave Linda a knife to protect herself.
Dan gave Linda a piece of chocolate.
Dan gave Linda a ride home yesterday.
Dan gave Linda a tour of his castle.
Dan gave Linda access to his credit cards.
Dan gave Linda all the money he had saved up.
Dan gave Linda an ultimatum.
Dan gave Linda money for an abortion.
Dan gave Linda numerous chances to explain.
Dan gave Linda the information she needed.
Dan gave Linda the money she needed to pay off her debts.
Dan gave me this book.
Dan gave the detective an account of his activities that day.
Dan gave two different accounts of the story.
Dan goes swimming every day.
Dan got a job as a security guard.
Dan got a job at a newspaper.
Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.
Dan got a text message from Linda.
Dan got along with Linda quite well.
Dan got angry and stormed out of the dining hall.
Dan got another call from Linda.
Dan got expelled from school.
Dan got in trouble with locals.
Dan got into his car and drove off.
Dan graduated second in his class.
Dan grew up at an orphanage.
Dan had Linda's fingerprints analyzed.
Dan had a bloody nose inside the car.
Dan had a bright future.
Dan had a college degree and was good at translation.
Dan had a criminal record in Mexico.
Dan had a garage full of collection cars.
Dan had a great time with Linda.
Dan had a hip surgery.
Dan had a history of sleepwalking.
Dan had a huge garage in the back of his house.
Dan had a life insurance policy worth six hundred thousand dollars.
Dan had a life insurance policy.
Dan had a lot of equipment in his garage.
Dan had a lot of stereo entertainment equipment in his room.
Dan had a perfect alibi.
Dan had a rocky relationship with Linda.
Dan had a string of tickets for speeding.
Dan had a strong faith in God.
Dan had a very stormy relationship with Linda.
Dan had an insatiable appetite towards violence.
Dan had another plan in mind.
Dan had been dead about six days.
Dan had been having an affair with a girl named Linda.
Dan had been in and out of jail for years.
Dan had been missing for two years and was presumed dead.
Dan had been sleepwalking.
Dan had just learned of Linda's arrest.
Dan had lunch outside with Linda.
Dan had many friends and no girlfriend.
Dan had more than a dinner with Linda in mind.
Dan had no alternative.
Dan had no idea about what he was being accused of.
Dan had no memory of what he had done.
Dan had not been dead long.
Dan had numerous girlfriends.
Dan had one of his henchmen murder Linda.
Dan had sex change surgery.
Dan had some problems sleeping.
Dan had started calling Linda almost a year before they met up.
Dan had that sinister feeling that something was wrong.
Dan had three thousand flying hours.
Dan had to cover Linda's funeral costs.
Dan had to decide whom to believe.
Dan had to pour a bucket of cold water over his head.
Dan had to take off again to repeat the landing.
Dan had trouble learning his lines for the play.
Dan had trouble with Linda's brother.
Dan handed the map to Linda.
Dan harassed Linda with continuous calls.
Dan has a copy of the police report.
Dan has a lengthy criminal background.
Dan has a lot of fans.
Dan has been a friend of Linda's family.
Dan has been arrested at least seven times.
Dan has been arrested six times.
Dan has been bullying me for months.
Dan has been fighting with Linda.
Dan has been hearing sexual noises all night long at the hotel.
Dan has been living in London since 1978.
Dan has been seeing a psychiatrist since 1997.
Dan has been troubled by recurring nightmares.
Dan has done a lot of nasty things since he got out of prison.
Dan has got a surprise for Linda.
Dan has had the same job for more than six years.
Dan has just been offered a job elsewhere.
Dan has known Linda since kindergarten.
Dan has many friends on this website.
Dan has never taken change well.
Dan has no idea how heartbroken Linda is.
Dan has put all his ties in the washing machine.
Dan has seldom paid any attention to Linda.
Dan has some information for Linda.
Dan has the right to stay here after all.
Dan has to learn to think for himself.
Dan has two other dogs.
Dan headed to a local nightclub.
Dan headed toward London.
Dan heard Linda yell at the waitress.
Dan heard Matt and Linda arguing.
Dan heard a gunshot.
Dan heard the cops yelling at Linda.
Dan helped Linda escape in the commotion.
Dan helped Linda find an elegant dress at the clothing shop.
Dan helped Linda hide the murder weapon.
Dan helped Linda pass her exam.
Dan helped Linda through her tough times.
Dan helped Linda with her essay.
Dan hid the gun in a locker.
Dan hid the murder weapon in Linda's bedroom.
Dan hijacked a train and drove it himself, putting the lives of innocent people at grave risk.
Dan hit Linda with a spade and left her to bleed to death.
Dan hit Matt and forced him to apologize to Linda.
Dan hoped that Linda could tell him something about what happened to Matt.
Dan hung himself in his jail cell.
Dan hung himself in the locker room.
Dan immediately took a liking to Linda.
Dan increased the speed of the train.
Dan informed the police of Linda's true identity.
Dan initially believed Linda when she said that it was an accident.
Dan injured Linda's dog.
Dan insisted he was innocent.
Dan insisted on taking a lie detector test.
Dan instantly recognized Linda.
Dan insulted Linda racially.
Dan interrupted Linda's briefing saying that the building was on fire.
Dan introduced Linda to Matt and Rita.
Dan invited Linda for a very specific reason.
Dan invited Linda to a student party.
Dan invited Linda to have a coffee with him.
Dan invited Linda to have a drink with him.
Dan invited Linda to join him for dinner.
Dan invited Matt and Linda to dinner.
Dan is Linda's childhood love.
Dan is Linda's ex.
Dan is Linda's husband.
Dan is Linda's new husband.
Dan is Linda's one true love.
Dan is Linda's worst nightmare.
Dan is a Lithuanian Jew.
Dan is a brave man. He's not afraid of neighborhood bullies like you.
Dan is a citizen of this country and he will stay here forever.
Dan is a firearms expert.
Dan is a friend from school.
Dan is a good name for a hamster.
Dan is a highly trained professional investigator.
Dan is a linguist and a translator.
Dan is a linguist.
Dan is a retired deputy sheriff.
Dan is a symbol of freedom.
Dan is at the top of the list of candidates.
Dan is considering living in London forever.
Dan is damn right.
Dan is determined to stay here, no matter what.
Dan is doing a disservice to the community.
Dan is easy to remember.
Dan is finally here.
Dan is for freedom of expression.
Dan is for the separation of church and state.
Dan is getting married.
Dan is going to be a teacher.
Dan is going to sleep.
Dan is going to take your temperature now.
Dan is going to try it.
Dan is good at making approaches to strangers.
Dan is here forever.
Dan is here to protect me.
Dan is interested in Aleut people.
Dan is interested in Eskimos.
Dan is interested in Inuit people.
Dan is interested in Yupik people.
Dan is moving out on the first.
Dan is my new friend.
Dan is no angel.
Dan is no longer welcome in our house.
Dan is not a contributor to this site.
Dan is not a member of your club.
Dan is now wanted by the police.
Dan is often scolded by his mother.
Dan is on Linda's side.
Dan is on his way home.
Dan is planning to rob a local bank.
Dan is rather proud of his work.
Dan is ready to stand before a judge.
Dan is shaking to death.
Dan is staying here forever, whether you like it or not.
Dan is still missing.
Dan is the best at Tatoeba.
Dan is the best flight instructor we've got.
Dan is the bookkeeper and he has the money.
Dan is the only rogue around here.
Dan is too tired today.
Dan is walking his small dog.
Dan is worried about Linda's baby.
Dan isn't an arrogant and disdainful guy.
Dan joined Linda's circle of friends.
Dan judged the plan impossible.
Dan jumped across from his train to another one.
Dan jumped onto the roof of a passing train.
Dan just shot himself.
Dan keeps a huge ugly hairy spider in his room.
Dan kept changing his story.
Dan kept walking.
Dan killed Linda with a hammer.
Dan killed a pitbull with his own hands.
Dan killed all the infected sheep.
Dan killed his wife and made it appear as the work of an unknown assailant.
Dan killed his wife, Linda, to marry his mistress.
Dan killed just for the sake of it.
Dan knew he had a problem.
Dan knew nothing about the murders.
Dan knew what Linda liked.
Dan knew what he was looking for.
Dan knocked Linda unconscious and dragged her to the basement.
Dan knocked down Matt with a kick in the face.
Dan knows Czech and Russian and maintains being able to understand more or less all the other Slavic languages.
Dan knows that I don't like him.
Dan knows the reason but he doesn't want to tell Mary about it.
Dan knows very well how to deal with psychological warfare.
Dan landed his plane on an ice field.
Dan landed onto the roof of a passing van.
Dan landed safely.
Dan launders all of his money in legal activities in Canada.
Dan learned Hungarian in six months.
Dan learned Italian so he could communicate better with his Italian girlfriend Linda.
Dan learned the Slavic languages of all the Eastern European countries he visited.
Dan learnt Esperanto by himself.
Dan learnt a lesson the hard way.
Dan learnt about Linda's death in the news.
Dan learnt about the fire at his home when he was on his way to work.
Dan led the investigators to the crime scene.
Dan left Linda when life became unbearable with her.
Dan left Linda with no money.
Dan left a good job in London to live with Linda in Glasgow.
Dan left a lot of evidence at the crime scene.
Dan left for school at seven thirty.
Dan left for work around eight thirty.
Dan left his car abandoned on the Interstate.
Dan left his daughter Linda with Matt.
Dan left his home in London to visit a friend in Southampton.
Dan left his violin at school.
Dan left no traces behind.
Dan left the bar with two men.
Dan left the island on a sailboat.
Dan left the key in the ignition.
Dan left the pub in a white pick-up truck.
Dan lent Linda his apartment.
Dan let Linda go.
Dan lied about his whereabouts.
Dan lied to his associates.
Dan likely smothered Linda until she died.
Dan likes Hungarian better than any other language.
Dan likes seeing his sentences translated.
Dan likes seeing his translated sentences.
Dan likes to bully new recruits.
Dan likes to make model cars.
Dan likes you more than anybody else.
Dan lived a few blocks away from Linda's home.
Dan lived a life of luxury in London.
Dan lived in a London neighborhood, where he grew up.
Dan lived in a nice apartment.
Dan lived only four miles away.
Dan lives in Boston, Massachusetts.
Dan lives in London with his second wife and their two children.
Dan loaded the cars onto a train.
Dan looked at Linda's apartment from his window.
Dan looked out the window and saw Linda coming.
Dan lost control of his car and crashed it into a tree.
Dan lost his fortune in gambling.
Dan lost his money to a swindler.
Dan lost his temper and savagely beat Linda.
Dan lost his temper, insulted Linda and left.
Dan lost sight of his daughter.
Dan loved two things in this world: cars and women.
Dan loves spiders more than any other animal.
Dan made Linda a sandwich.
Dan made a grizzly discovery.
Dan made a list of things he wanted to achieve in life.
Dan made a speech at the wedding.
Dan made arrangement for Linda to leave Morocco and come to live with him in Britain.
Dan made it back to London.
Dan made the assistants laugh with his comments.
Dan mailed Linda's scandalous pictures to a local TV station.
Dan mailed wedding invitations to all of his friends.
Dan maintained his innocence throughout the lawsuit.
Dan managed the financial matters of the library.
Dan managed to escape the authorities.
Dan managed to get Linda's fingerprints.
Dan managed to prove his innocence.
Dan managed to put out the fire.
Dan manipulated Linda into signing her money over to him.
Dan may have been having an affair.
Dan may have had a fight with Linda.
Dan met Linda at the cemetery.
Dan met Linda at the church.
Dan met Linda outside.
Dan met Matt in prison.
Dan met a group of biology researchers at Princeton University.
Dan met a prostitute named Linda.
Dan met with Linda in a park.
Dan might have abducted Linda.
Dan moved his things out of Linda's house.
Dan moved in on Sunday.
Dan moved out of the area.
Dan moved to London after his divorce.
Dan mugged an old lady near the train station.
Dan must have been confused.
Dan must have been scared.
Dan nearly choked Linda to death.
Dan needed money and sought financial relief from his father.
Dan needed to tip the balance in his favor.
Dan needs a massive crane at his worksite.
Dan never handles his big hairy spider without a thick glove.
Dan never intended to leave Linda and her children alone.
Dan never knew his parents.
Dan never paid his rent to Linda.
Dan never saw any part of the castle.
Dan no longer felt safe in his own house.
Dan no longer trusts Linda.
Dan noticed Linda was still breathing.
Dan noticed Linda's photograph on the wall.
Dan noticed that there were cops all around him at the petrol station.
Dan noticed the California license plate on Linda's car.
Dan nourished the hope that Linda was still alive.
Dan offered to help Linda repair her car.
Dan often borrowed money from his friends.
Dan often went to take a walk in that wood.
Dan once got bitten by one of his big hairy spiders.
Dan only talked briefly to Linda.
Dan opened fire on the crowd.
Dan opened the door to find a ham on his doorstep with swastikas carved in it.
Dan opened up the sandwich and found no cheese in it.
Dan operated some of the most massive cranes in the world.
Dan ordered a wedding cake.
Dan ordered the security guards to close all the exit doors of the facility.
Dan ordered two books from the publishing house.
Dan overheard Linda's conversation with her lover.
Dan paid Linda a visit at her office.
Dan paid off his gambling debts.
Dan paid up all his gambling debts.
Dan parked the rental car near the police station.
Dan participated in a marathon.
Dan participated in the class play.
Dan performed a microscopic examination of the hair.
Dan persuaded Linda to help Matt.
Dan persuaded Linda to leave Britain with him.
Dan persuaded Linda to return with him to London.
Dan photographed the body.
Dan picked up Linda from her house.
Dan placed his daughter, Linda, under the care of a psychiatrist.
Dan planned to build a resort on that island.
Dan planned to buy an island in Canada.
Dan planned to drop out of college and move to Canada.
Dan played an excerpt of classical music to the students.
Dan played live on the radio.
Dan played violin for children with cancer.
Dan pleaded guilty to second degree murder.
Dan posed as Linda's husband.
Dan posted missing person fliers everywhere in the town.
Dan prefers to translate his own sentences.
Dan pretended he left something behind.
Dan pretended not to know Linda.
Dan pretended to have come to see Linda off.
Dan printed thousands of pages of articles from the Internet.
Dan promised Linda more.
Dan promised Linda to do everything he could to help and protect her.
Dan promised Linda to stay away from alcohol.
Dan proved Linda's guilt with an audio recording.
Dan proved to be of no help.
Dan pulled Linda out of the car.
Dan pulled Linda to safety.
Dan pulled Linda's body out of the house.
Dan pulled the pick-up truck out of the mud with his huge tow truck.
Dan punched Matt with a boxing glove.
Dan pushed a passerby in front of a passing car.
Dan put all his ties in the washing machine.
Dan put everything back in the garage.
Dan put himself and his children at risk.
Dan put out the fire with a blanket.
Dan put the body in the back of his pick-up truck.
Dan questioned Linda about the whereabouts of his ex-boyfriend, Matt.
Dan quickly adjusted to life at the summer camp.
Dan quieted the dogs.
Dan radioed the police station.
Dan realized he was in love with Linda.
Dan realized that he had been ruining his marriage with his lengthy business trips.
Dan realized that he was in love with Linda.
Dan really believes that the whole world revolves around him.
Dan received a call from the hospital.
Dan received a letter in Linda's handwriting.
Dan received a note from Linda asking him to meet her outside.
Dan received funds from local foundations to improve his old library.
Dan recruited a group of students to help him at the bookstore.
Dan refused to continue working for Linda.
Dan refused to give the phone to Linda.
Dan refused to listen to Linda.
Dan refused to publish Linda's story.
Dan rejected Linda's idea to expose everything to the press.
Dan rejected Linda's sexual advances.
Dan relayed messages between Matt and Linda.
Dan remained reluctant to take part in Linda's plan.
Dan remembered his promise to Linda.
Dan remembers the red interior of his grandfather's car.
Dan renewed his faith in God.
Dan rented an apartment above a restaurant.
Dan rented that car from London.
Dan repeatedly raped Linda.
Dan reported to the police that his daughter had been abducted and raped.
Dan rescued the shop assistant and tried to put out the fire.
Dan resolved to write a lengthy article to expose Linda's illegal deals.
Dan revealed a plan to burglarize a rich businessman's house.
Dan revealed he was a white supremacist.
Dan revealed heartbreaking truths.
Dan revealed himself to be a white supremacist.
Dan revealed that Linda was actually an exotic dancer.
Dan revealed to Linda his plans for the future.
Dan ridiculed Linda in the presence of her parents.
Dan robbed a gift shop and set fire to it.
Dan roomed with Matt.
Dan rudely insulted a police officer.
Dan rushed out of his car to see if the raccoon was hurt.
Dan said Linda hadn't come home the night before.
Dan said Linda was driving the car.
Dan said he could sleep in the basement.
Dan said he had no recollection of mugging Linda.
Dan said he knew nothing about any murder.
Dan said he was having problems with Linda.
Dan said his house had been burglarized.
Dan said that he couldn't breathe.
Dan said that he couldn't take the site down.
Dan said that he was moving up on Thursday.
Dan said the blessings then began to eat.
Dan savagely beat Linda while their son looked on.
Dan saved Linda from being mugged.
Dan saw Linda crying near the pay phone.
Dan saw Linda talking to an unknown man outside her home.
Dan saw Linda with another man.
Dan saw Matt and Linda sleeping together.
Dan saw blood on the kitchen floor.
Dan saw something suspicious on the morning Linda died.
Dan says that his mother tongue is French.
Dan scored second place in the race.
Dan seemed a promising suspect.
Dan seemed nervous.
Dan sent Linda a violin.
Dan sent Linda back home.
Dan sent his henchmen to kill Linda.
Dan sent text messages to Linda.
Dan sent the children into the house.
Dan sent the machines to a site where they would be dismantled.
Dan seriously injured a co-worker with his chainsaw.
Dan served only 15 years of his sentence and is now free, living in London with his daughter, Linda.
Dan served only two weeks in jail before his family came up with bail money.
Dan served thirty-five years in that prison.
Dan set fire to the cabin in an attempt to kill Linda.
Dan set fire to the garage and stood there, watching it as it burnt.
Dan set off the alarm system.
Dan set the tool shed ablaze.
Dan severed ties with his daughter, Linda.
Dan sexually abused Linda.
Dan shall judge his people like another tribe in Israel.
Dan shared personal information with Linda.
Dan shaved his head and joined a far-right group.
Dan shot Linda in the eye.
Dan shot Linda, killing her instantly.
Dan shot Matt in self-defence.
Dan shot and killed himself in this room.
Dan shot at the man who tried to steal his car.
Dan shot several people.
Dan should be ashamed of what he told Linda.
Dan should be ashamed of what he told me.
Dan shouted out a racist insult.
Dan showed Linda his butterfly collection.
Dan showed his police badge to Linda.
Dan showed up at Linda's house.
Dan sincerely believed that Linda was pregnant.
Dan slipped into Linda's hospital room and tried to strangle her.
Dan slipped through the fingers of the police.
Dan smelled the clothes and found they had a distinct smell of detergent.
Dan smoked marijuana with Linda.
Dan smothered Linda with a pillow.
Dan smothered Linda with a trash bag.
Dan sold Linda drugs.
Dan sold drugs for a dangerous drug dealer.
Dan sold his car to Linda for eight hundred dollars.
Dan sounded agitated on the phone.
Dan speaks good Polish.
Dan speaks in an extremely aggressive manner.
Dan spent his last day at work listening to techno music.
Dan spent his last night getting drunk at a local pub.
Dan spent hours scanning dozens of pages of Linda's diary.
Dan spent the night having sex with Linda.
Dan spent the night watching X-Files.
Dan spied Matt making love to Linda.
Dan split the rent with Linda.
Dan sprayed gasoline on himself and threatened to set himself on fire.
Dan stabbed Linda repeatedly with his knife.
Dan started a fight with Matt.
Dan started a physical altercation with Matt.
Dan started an argument with the cashier to distract security.
Dan started dating a girl named Linda.
Dan started drinking at age 13.
Dan started to attend church again.
Dan stated that he was a cop.
Dan still had a girlfriend.
Dan stole Matt's identity and cashed thousands of dollars from Matt's account.
Dan stood trial for the first degree murder of Linda Smith.
Dan stopped at a petrol station to call his mother.
Dan stopped by to pick up Linda.
Dan stopped to pick up a friend.
Dan stormed inside a nightclub and started shooting.
Dan strangled Linda with a pillow case.
Dan struggled to adapt to life outside jail.
Dan struggled to pay his bills.
Dan struggled with life in Alaska.
Dan stuck to his story.
Dan studied psychological warfare techniques at infantry academy.
Dan studied spiders and learnt everything he could about them.
Dan successfully eluded police.
Dan sued Linda for slander.
Dan suffered a severe head injury.
Dan suffered a terrible loss with the death of his wife, Linda.
Dan suffered head injuries.
Dan suffocated Linda with a bag.
Dan survived a pitbull attack.
Dan survived the car crash.
Dan survived with minor injuries.
Dan swerved off the road to avoid knocking down a dog.
Dan swiftly grabbed the pitbull by the neck and threw it off the roof.
Dan talked Linda into moving to London.
Dan talked about his abusive father.
Dan talked about his relationship with Linda.
Dan talked to Linda on the phone repeatedly.
Dan tasted the soup and said it was delicious.
Dan taught Matt the art of romance.
Dan testified that Linda wasn't a drug addict.
Dan thanked all those who placed their faith in his company.
Dan thinks Linda started the fire.
Dan thinks he's a god.
Dan thinks that I shouldn't even write this.
Dan thinks that Linda was the mastermind of the murder.
Dan threatened Linda with exposure.
Dan threatened to burn the library.
Dan threatened to expose Mary to the FBI for selling confidential information to a foreign government.
Dan threatened to kill Linda.
Dan threatened to send Linda back to the mental hospital.
Dan threw his phone into the swimming pool.
Dan tied Linda's hands.
Dan told Detective Linda Smith about the murder.
Dan told Linda not to blame herself.
Dan told Linda that everything would be perfect.
Dan told Linda that he had a lot of money.
Dan told Linda that their relationship was over.
Dan told Linda to take a shower.
Dan told his daughter Linda that he would cut her off financially if she married Matt.
Dan told me the biggest lie I've ever heard.
Dan told the truth about Linda.
Dan told two law enforcement agencies two different accounts.
Dan took Linda and her daughter home.
Dan took Linda out on a date.
Dan took Linda to his room.
Dan took Linda to the island he had purchased.
Dan took Linda's baby and disappeared into the night.
Dan took a job at a local newspaper.
Dan took a look at the victim's vehicle.
Dan took a picture of a warthog.
Dan took a picture of the license plate.
Dan took a position at a respectable law firm.
Dan took five sleeping pills.
Dan took four sleeping pills.
Dan took his uniform to a dry-cleaner's.
Dan took photographs of his house.
Dan touted his racist ideas to his friends.
Dan trashed his room and stormed out of the house.
Dan trashed his room.
Dan traveled to London to see Linda.
Dan tried to apologize for being dishonest.
Dan tried to attack the psychiatrist, but the orderlies managed to subdue him and sedate him.
Dan tried to call Linda numerous times.
Dan tried to call Linda several times.
Dan tried to contact Linda's family.
Dan tried to cover up his crime.
Dan tried to distract the police to let Linda escape.
Dan tried to drown himself.
Dan tried to escape from the police station.
Dan tried to force Linda to quit.
Dan tried to get Linda to help his daughter with her studies.
Dan tried to grab my shirt.
Dan tried to intimidate Linda.
Dan tried to make the murder appear accidental.
Dan tried to persuade Linda to steal the money.
Dan tried to settle the matter with Linda.
Dan tried to use psychological warfare techniques to control some members of the group.
Dan triggered a brawl between Matt and Linda.
Dan turned off the music.
Dan turned over to the police the gun he had found in the woods.
Dan understood this well.
Dan used the money to buy drugs.
Dan used to be so scared of big hairy spiders.
Dan vacuumed his car.
Dan videotaped Linda's apartment.
Dan violated his parole three times.
Dan visited the restaurant last summer.
Dan vomited in the car.
Dan waited for an opportunity.
Dan waited in the emergency room hallway to hear the status of Linda's condition.
Dan walked back to his car.
Dan walked into the room where Linda and Matt were talking.
Dan wanted Linda to have an abortion.
Dan wanted Linda to help Matt.
Dan wanted a lot of kids.
Dan wanted the rest of his money.
Dan wanted to attempt the robbery.
Dan wanted to avenge the death of his wife.
Dan wanted to come by to see Linda's son.
Dan wanted to find out where Linda had been the previous night.
Dan wanted to go steady with Linda.
Dan wanted to go with Linda.
Dan wanted to have a polygraph test.
Dan wanted to improve the lives of others.
Dan wanted to know who killed Linda.
Dan wanted to live in Mexico.
Dan wanted to publish a book.
Dan wanted to save Linda from trouble.
Dan wanted to secure an alibi.
Dan wanted to see Linda's room.
Dan wanted to talk to the police again.
Dan wanted you to know that he didn't hate you.
Dan wants Linda back.
Dan wants his money today.
Dan wants justice.
Dan wants me to stop writing.
Dan wants to be a dictator.
Dan wants to see the manager right now.
Dan wants to start his own radio station.
Dan warned Linda about walking alone at night.
Dan was Linda's only child.
Dan was a crime scene investigator.
Dan was a good husband and a good father.
Dan was a highly respected police officer.
Dan was a homicide detective.
Dan was a member of the special forces that went rogue after an incident in Colombia.
Dan was a merciless killer.
Dan was a mole selling top secret information to the British government.
Dan was a part-time student who also worked for a local pizza parlor.
Dan was a pitiless killer.
Dan was a registered sex offender.
Dan was a ruthless killer.
Dan was a seasoned investigator.
Dan was a serial killer and he killed every woman he lived with.
Dan was a serial killer on the loose.
Dan was a serial killer who had murdered at least six people.
Dan was a tow truck driver who worked at a local garage.
Dan was a very caring father.
Dan was a very devout religious individual.
Dan was accepted into medical school.
Dan was accused of committing a murder.
Dan was allowed into the interrogation room.
Dan was also arrested.
Dan was also tortured.
Dan was amazed by Linda's transformation.
Dan was amazed to find so many mushrooms in that part of the wood.
Dan was an active member of the Mormon Church.
Dan was an expert at psychological warfare.
Dan was an extremely violent man.
Dan was apparently murdered in his bed.
Dan was approached by Linda.
Dan was approached by a co-worker who told him that Linda had come to see him.
Dan was arrested and charged with Linda's murder.
Dan was arrested and charged with rape.
Dan was arrested at church.
Dan was arrested for stealing a phone at the supermarket.
Dan was arrested in the church.
Dan was arrested pretty more than five times.
Dan was arrested pretty often; more than five times, in fact.
Dan was assaulted by a mugger.
Dan was assaulted by two people.
Dan was assigned to a new police unit.
Dan was assigned to patrol a suburban area.
Dan was attacked by a wolf.
Dan was blessed with two adorable daughters.
Dan was born in that castle.
Dan was born in this clinic.
Dan was born in this hospital.
Dan was brokenhearted.
Dan was brought up by an aunt.
Dan was brutally beaten by the police.
Dan was carrying a bag containing half a million dollars.
Dan was completely confused when he saw Linda with another man.
Dan was confronted with evidence that he couldn't deny.
Dan was considering a divorce.
Dan was convinced that something was wrong with Linda.
Dan was cooperative with the police.
Dan was deeply troubled by Linda's death.
Dan was detained by the FBI for almost two months.
Dan was digging a ditch along the road.
Dan was disfigured following a car accident.
Dan was disguised as a beggar.
Dan was downstairs watching TV on the sofa.
Dan was driving a huge pick-up truck.
Dan was faced with a dilemma.
Dan was fighting for his life.
Dan was fired because of Linda.
Dan was fired from his job at the water company.
Dan was forced into an unhappy marriage with girl he had never loved.
Dan was given a ten-year sentence at a state penitentiary.
Dan was glad to hear that Linda no longer dated Matt.
Dan was going to stay up all night long.
Dan was happy for Linda.
Dan was hiding in the woods.
Dan was hit on the forehead with a hammer.
Dan was homeless and lived in his van.
Dan was immediately placed under arrest.
Dan was immediately smitten with Linda.
Dan was in a state of shock.
Dan was in desperate need of assistance.
Dan was in his early twenties when he was killed by a truck.
Dan was in the special forces and they teach them psychological warfare there.
Dan was incarcerated for illegal weapons possession.
Dan was informed that Linda had passed away.
Dan was informed that his wife, Linda, was terminally ill.
Dan was inside his apartment when he heard Matt and Linda arguing in the hallway.
Dan was introduced to Senator Linda Jones.
Dan was kidnapped when he was just five.
Dan was killed by an unknown intruder.
Dan was killed in an explosion in Baghdad.
Dan was killed just two days before the trial began.
Dan was known to evict tenants.
Dan was known to have high-powered weapons.
Dan was last seen alive in the dawn of the same day he was found dead.
Dan was last seen wearing blue jeans and a black leather jacket.
Dan was learning how to play the guitar.
Dan was left behind at the gas station.
Dan was living two separate lives.
Dan was living well beyond his means.
Dan was lonely and withdrawn.
Dan was not sure what he wanted to do with his life.
Dan was on TV.
Dan was on a leave of absence.
Dan was on leave in June.
Dan was on the loose.
Dan was only six years old when he was abducted.
Dan was paroled last month.
Dan was presumed dead, though his body had never been found.
Dan was promoted at his job.
Dan was pushed under a moving train.
Dan was questioned by the police about the incident.
Dan was quickly identified by the police.
Dan was reading a book about Charlie Chaplin.
Dan was ready to commit suicide.
Dan was reassigned to work at the sales department.
Dan was recovering from alcoholism.
Dan was released for good behavior.
Dan was released from solitary confinement after spending a month in the dark.
Dan was released in 2006.
Dan was responsible for twenty-eight bank robberies.
Dan was riding in the back seat.
Dan was romantically interested in Linda.
Dan was screaming and yelling.
Dan was seen talking to an unknown man near the restaurant.
Dan was sent to a maximum security facility in Florida.
Dan was sentenced to three consecutive life sentences.
Dan was serving a life sentence in a maximum security facility.
Dan was severely beaten by prison guards.
Dan was shot in the back of the head.
Dan was sitting in the kitchen, talking to himself.
Dan was spotted at a local car rental agency.
Dan was standing over the body.
Dan was still alive.
Dan was stopped at a checkpoint.
Dan was struck and gravely injured by a truck.
Dan was stunned by what he had just heard.
Dan was subdued by the police before he could light a match and set himself on fire.
Dan was sued by one of his former tenants.
Dan was suffering a migraine headache.
Dan was surprised by Linda's reaction.
Dan was suspected of arson.
Dan was talking trash.
Dan was ten thousand dollars in debt.
Dan was terminally ill and wasn't responding to treatment.
Dan was the first officer to arrive at the crime scene.
Dan was the first to arrive.
Dan was the head of the family.
Dan was the hired gun.
Dan was the prime suspect.
Dan was thrown off a tall building.
Dan was thrown out of the club.
Dan was to sign the contract in July.
Dan was too young to go to the park alone.
Dan was touched by Linda's story.
Dan was trained in crime solving.
Dan was true to his word.
Dan was trying to calm his dog.
Dan was two thousand miles away when the murder was committed.
Dan was under pressure to publish his scientific articles.
Dan was upset at the loud music.
Dan was upset that he didn't figure in Linda's plans.
Dan was used as a go-between.
Dan was very competent.
Dan was very good at his job.
Dan was very upset and emotional.
Dan was waiting for the police.
Dan was well aware that he could get a fortune from Linda's death.
Dan was worried about Linda's state of mind.
Dan was wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife.
Dan wasn't even born when Linda graduated.
Dan wasn't even hurt.
Dan wasn't even interested in baseball.
Dan wasn't familiar with weapons.
Dan wasn't reacting normally.
Dan wasn't remorseful about killing Linda.
Dan wasn't satisfied with Linda's landing.
Dan wasn't so convinced that Linda was innocent.
Dan watched the kids at the park.
Dan watched the video surveillance footage.
Dan welcomed Matt into the family.
Dan went ahead with his plan.
Dan went back to bed.
Dan went back to sit with his children.
Dan went on trial for the murder of his wife, Linda.
Dan went outside to see what Linda was doing.
Dan went to Linda's house to confront her.
Dan went to London and married Linda.
Dan went to London with his son, Matt, and his daughter, Linda.
Dan went to a convenience store.
Dan went to a local gun shop.
Dan went to his first exam unprepared.
Dan went to his hotel room.
Dan went to sleep with his contact lenses in.
Dan will accept your offer.
Dan will always be here for you.
Dan will always be here to help students.
Dan will always be here, in my heart.
Dan will always be here.
Dan will always be watching over me.
Dan will always contribute sentences.
Dan will be dead next week.
Dan will be with aunt Linda tomorrow.
Dan will call Linda next week.
Dan will do his job with or without you.
Dan will give Linda the keys Monday.
Dan will go shopping tomorrow.
Dan will make you happy.
Dan will never be afraid of that.
Dan will never die.
Dan will never freeze in this clothing.
Dan will never have children.
Dan will never leave this school.
Dan will never leave you alone.
Dan will never quit.
Dan will no longer bully me.
Dan will remember that scene for the rest of his life.
Dan will watch a film.
Dan wished to become a famous poet.
Dan witnessed the train crash.
Dan woke up the children.
Dan won't leave me alone.
Dan wondered what Linda was trying to do.
Dan wore a blue jogging suit.
Dan wore white tennis shoes.
Dan would do anything for Linda.
Dan wrote another check for Linda.
Dan wrote articles for a local newspaper.
Dan wrote many letters to Linda's mother.
Dan's alibi was corroborated.
Dan's altercation with the policeman was caught on surveillance video.
Dan's autopsy revealed a surprise.
Dan's autopsy revealed that he died from an overdose.
Dan's backpack was a few feet away from the road.
Dan's bedroom was in disarray.
Dan's body was badly decomposed.
Dan's body was floating in the swimming pool.
Dan's body was found along a deserted road.
Dan's body was found handcuffed in the woods.
Dan's body was found in a well with fifty stab wounds.
Dan's book gained so much fame.
Dan's books have been translated in more than twenty languages.
Dan's business dinner didn't end well.
Dan's car screeched to a stop.
Dan's car smashed through the police barricade.
Dan's car was found outside a pub.
Dan's car was impounded.
Dan's car was missing from the garage.
Dan's car was the only one in the parking lot.
Dan's children were asleep upstairs.
Dan's coming here to recuperate.
Dan's company will go out of business.
Dan's completely off the wall; you can't predict what he's going to do next.
Dan's condition grew worse and he was sent to the hospital.
Dan's criticisms are sometimes useful in focusing my thinking.
Dan's death could not be explained.
Dan's death sentence was commuted to life in prison without parole.
Dan's death was officially ruled as an unfortunate accident.
Dan's dog lost its eye in a fight with another dog.
Dan's dog was sniffing a dead rat in the street.
Dan's driving endangered the lives of passengers.
Dan's father attended the wedding.
Dan's first wife had died of natural causes.
Dan's fortune waned.
Dan's guilt could not be proved without the murder weapon.
Dan's gun was missing.
Dan's heart stopped but doctors managed to revive him.
Dan's home phone was tapped by police.
Dan's house must have been burglarized.
Dan's investigation led him to an address in London.
Dan's knife was covered with blood.
Dan's lawyer demanded to be allowed into the room where Dan was being questioned.
Dan's lease expired.
Dan's letter was postmarked London.
Dan's life is at risk.
Dan's message was insulting.
Dan's messages were scandalous.
Dan's new girlfriend is very young.
Dan's opinion counts.
Dan's pitbull attacked Linda's small dog.
Dan's premonition was correct.
Dan's psychological warfare techniques never worked with Linda.
Dan's sentences are easy to translate.
Dan's sentences should be translated into all languages.
Dan's son was in Linda's arms.
Dan's store was within walking distance from Linda's home.
Dan's story defied common sense.
Dan's throat was cut almost from ear to ear.
Dan's truck got stuck in the sand.
Dan's truck seemed to have disappeared without a trace.
Dan's vehicle apparently got stuck.
Dan's version of the story didn't match the evidence.
Dan, Linda, Matt, and Rita are my new friends.
Dan, a mafia boss, sheltered all of his money in Switzerland.
Dan, a seasoned flight instructor, wanted Linda to make a perfect landing.
Dan, an FBI negotiator, tried to talk to Linda.
Dan, the son of a poor man, dreamed of a university education.
Dan, who was watching the scene, called the police.
Dance along.
Dance as much as you want.
Dance everyone!
Dance had disciplined my body in particular ways and led me to be named by others as “effeminate".
Dance however you want.
Dance in the rain!
Dance is a beautiful part of every culture.
Dance is a set of movements that are performed following the rhythm of the music.
Dance is the marriage of body and mind.
Dance like no one is watching you.
Dance like no one is watching.
Dance together.
Dance with Tom.
Dance with angels.
Dance with her!
Dance with her.
Dance with him!
Dance with him.
Dance with me, please.
Dance with me.
Dance with the man who brought you.
Dance with us.
Dance with whoever you want.
Dance you shall. Dance in your red shoes till you are pale and cold, till your skin shrivels up and you are a skeleton! Dance you shall, from door to door, and where proud and wicked children live you shall knock, so that they may hear you and fear you! Dance you shall, dance—!
Dance!
Dance.
Dancers are rehearsing a millennium-old Chinese tradition—the Lion Dance.
Dances with stumpy.
Dancing is a delight to me.
Dancing is a lot of fun.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
Dancing is all about feeling the rhythm.
Dancing is fun.
Dancing is good for the figure.
Dancing is just plain fun.
Dancing is my hobby.
Dancing is not a crime.
Dancing is prohibited.
Dancing is smiling with the whole body!
Dancing isn't Tom's strong suit.
Dancing isn't a crime.
Dancing isn't my favorite kind of entertainment.
Dancing makes me feel young again.
Dancing makes me hungry.
Dancing will continue until midnight.
Dancing will keep you fit.
Dancing, playing and reading are my hobbies.
Dancing: the vertical expression of a horizontal desire legalized by music.
Dandelions and daisies cover the overgrown verges.
Dandelions are taking over my lawn.
Dandelions are weeds, aren't they?
Dandelions often grow in lawns.
Dandruff is made of small flakes of dead skin.
Dandruff occurs more in men than in women.
Dandruff occurs more often among men than women.
Dane prefers having dogs over cats.
Danes pay very high taxes, but in return enjoy a quality of life that many Americans would find hard to believe.
Dang it! Lentils weight a lot more than I expected. Now I'm stuck with 2.2 pounds of bulk lentils. Maybe I should put them down and run.
Dang it! The flyswatter left a mark on the wall!
Dang near killed 'em.
Dang! I've lost my job!
Danger ahead.
Danger always looks bigger through the eyes of fear.
Danger comes soonest when it is despised.
Danger doesn't come from what we don't know, but from what we believe to be true whereas it isn't.
Danger generally ambushes us not where we're waiting for it, but where we aren't thinking about it.
Danger gives relish to adventure.
Danger is dangerous.
Danger is my middle name.
Danger lurks around every corner.
Danger makes dumb.
Danger makes mute.
Danger past, God forgotten.
Danger! High voltage.
Danger! Risk of death!
Danger, danger!
Danger. Keep out!
Dangerous anarchists are conspiring to feed the homeless.
Dangerous driving should be punished.
Dangerous incoherence? Fatal unconsciousness? On the one hand, sponsoring progress (artificial intelligence). On the other, the promotion of global destruction (nuclear weapons).
Dangerous people attack first out of fear.
Dangerous people took advantage of you.
Dangers give relish to an adventure.
Dangle a string in front of the cat to see whether it's asleep.
Dangling particles should be avoided at all costs in English.
Dangly earrings complemented her round face better than hoops would have.
Dania begged Fadil for mercy.
Dania begged Fadil not to kill the dog.
Dania chose to stay in that abusive relationship.
Dania continued to follow Fadil's lead.
Dania decided to stick with Fadil anyway.
Dania did this to show Fadil that she loved him.
Dania didn't know what a healthy relationship was.
Dania fell in love with a handsome young man two years her senior.
